what everyone it's a girl superwoman and
last week I made a video called what
parents really mean a lot of y'all
really liked it and then I'm just like
oh you're calling your parents out did
some take a seat because I'm not call
you your friends your sister and your
girlfriend that your parents don't know
about all out because let's be real kids
are some of the sneakiest hot messes
around so allow me to tell you what kids
really mean when they say things yeah oh
hey mom I'm just talking to Priya hey
mom I'm actually talking to Paul but me
my friends use the code name priya so
you won't walk me for having a boyfriend
Katie it's Kevin you're Robert Rebecca
Daniela David Erika Erika okay well
everybody else fail too but nobody else
fail okay I just think that all getting
less trouble if I make it seem that the
teachers just really crazy and the test
was really hard but really I slacked off
I'm not feeling well I don't want to do
whatever you're asking me to do right
now yes I did except your facebook
friend request mom yes I did except your
facebook friend request mom after
putting on 55 privacy settings because
I'll be real with you sometimes I kept
trunk sometimes I wear mini skirts okay
sometimes I sit on boys laughs and
sometimes my friends be tagging me and
all that ish yes mom dad of course
you're invited to my party of course
you're not invited to my party it's a
teenage house party your kids will be
alcohol drug dealers study girls and
three of my ex-girlfriends there what do
you think this is a good idea yeah mom I
finished cleaning my room so I'm go to
movies now straight up everything is
under my bed or in my closet so just
don't even go in there and that don't
even open the closet because you'll just
die from an avalanche of clothes okay
but I will go to the movies so I'll do
it when I come back it's never getting
done I'm gonna go study I'm about to do
everything except study I'm going to a
friend's house I'm about to make out
with someone that you don't even know
exists I'm washing but my dad you
continue watching okay okay goodnight
the effing sex scene from Titanic is
about to play and I
rather peel my skin off than sit here
and watch it with you yeah well I'm
gonna run away okay I'm so pissed off
right now so I'm gonna make a scene go
upstairs and start packing my things
into a backpack I may even walk down the
street trying to show you that I'm gonna
walk away but don't worry okay
because I'm lazy and I'm gonna back in
five minutes
even if you don't buy me that Ferrari no
dad
I don't want to do that of course I know
how to do that okay but I don't want to
spend the next hour teaching you have
the best message someone so i'ma just
pretend like I don't yes I know that
selfish I'm okay with that
mom I want something dad I need your
help
no there won't be any boys there all the
boys will be there no there won't be any
girls there every single girl but my
school is gonna be there tonight
we're just friends we're just friends
who sometimes exchange study notes and
saliva okay and instead of shaking hands
we make out a little minor details it's
so unfair I got in trouble for trying to
stop a fight
so this mother effer likes my
girlfriend's picture on Instagram okay
and I know sucker so who's gonna double
tap my girlfriend's picture I'm gonna
double tap your head with my fist get my
mom so I run a belly top and booty
shorts under these clothes and as soon
as I turn out of the street I'm a change
in the car I knew you I heard you I just
ignored you I promise I'm gonna take
care of it that ish is gonna be
destroyed in 48 hours yeah sorry my
phone died I was at a party okay and
everybody's having a good time musics
playing everybody's twerking okay I
don't want to be that kid whose mom
called I need it for school I want it so
I can feel cool at school you know then
you should be ashamed of yourself but
that's okay if you could relate to this
video make sure you click the link in
the description to share it on Facebook
and to tweet it as for now all you need
to do is wait comment to click that
subscribe button because I do make new
videos every Monday and Thursday one
love superwoman that is a wrap in
so maybe no yes No we'll see never I
promise it's not happening
no stop bugging me tell me I can't swim
so you know I went down the slide and
don't forget to keep it super
