whatever morons or girls superwoman now
if you're anything like me you give
people the benefit of the doubt which
means that they say something to you you
believe them up until you turn 25 years
old and use lecturer what a t-shirt
reference because I learned on people
say things they actually need something
else and the biggest culprits would be
the people who did the dirty to make us
all that that's right our parents so
kids parents grandparents anything in
between if you're watching this I'm
about to decode what parents actually
mean I feel like this revealing means a
dramatic entrance are you ready what
parents do
maybe no yes nope we'll see never I
promise it's not happening
no stop bugging me ah next time honestly
I want you to shut up right now so I'm
gonna lighten you and then crush your
hopes and dreams later you can be
whatever you want in life you can be
whatever you want in life as long as
this one of the three things that I want
you to be drink some milk okay listen
the milk is expiring today and I ain't
about wasting money so you best be
drinking three glasses right now veg
going okay well this is the first of
many questions that I'm about to ask you
who is going to be there huh all those
hot mess friends of yours gonna be there
because I personally think they're all
stupid and that one friend you have she
just like who gene I don't like them
they're going to be boys there are you
gonna have sex aren't there going to be
parents then basically am I able to
place my parenting responsibilities on
someone else but I can blame them after
do I actually I could give enough about
your life I see you look nice like this
I like that all of your skin is covered
right now and I can't tell it you have
any type of shade I like that it looks
like you're wearing a potato sack and
should just like this more often okay
because usually you'll be dressing like
a ratchet I'm going to count to three
okay your life is ending in three
seconds one you better apologize listen
to me right now or lose about to get
what do I cannot believe you have the
nerve to still stand there and not
listen to me therefore I'm gonna count
louder and be scarier P oh okay I
actually don't know what I'm gonna do
cuz I didn't think that you would
actually not listen to me but oh now I'm
gonna stare at you you're in trouble I
know you're dating someone I know you
lied I saw your report card people
coming over today okay you just need to
stop what you're doing right now and
clean the entire house Lily come in I
want you to come all the way upstairs to
turn off my light switch even though I
am two steps away from that light switch
aren't you short I know you're wrong
okay
and I don't want to pump you because you
always act like you know stuff hello
money doesn't grow
today's a catch I am not wasting my
money on all the stupid crap that you
want okay because I'd rather waste my
money and all the brilliant things that
I want my gum you come you we just want
to talk to you hey come here come here
yeah okay you're going nowhere in life
okay we're gonna tell you why
over the next three hours as long as you
live in this house you following my rule
okay you're never allowed to move out
okay so just get used to it
what do you say oh oh I heard you okay I
just want you to repeat it again so that
I can whoop you for saying it twice
don't do like this okay this bad luck I
hate it when you do that it's so
annoying therefore I'm gonna convince
you that it's bad luck and if you
continue to do it God is gonna make you
blind huh I can't hear you okay if I
genuinely tried to hear you I could hear
you but I'm watching TV right now
and I don't give an F about whatever
nonsense you're saying so either walk up
the stairs and come tell me face-to-face
or shut up idiot I love you or stupid
this is how I show affection sweet hi ah
come downstairs darling I'm being nice
to you because we have guests waiting
downstairs so I need you to just come
downstairs act like an angel so we
appear to be just a wonderful family
I handle is saying on the news okay
wherever you're going you're not allowed
to go because if you go you're gonna get
shot and that's it well what are you
waiting for make sure you wait comments
and click that subscribe button because
I do make new videos every Monday and
Thursday one love superwoman that is a
wrap and Zoop we'll see you in the
mornings you remember that scene from
Jurassic Park where that pterodactyl is
about to jump that's what she looks like
she just wake up my good morning baby
she's like what's up boy it's a girl
superwoman and welcome to super staff
the official Superman travel blog series
oh it's to put vital clicking the thumbs
up leaving the commented clicking
subscribe you want this one you you want
this one
