oh I heard a ding every day he soon
might just have been crashing because
I'm so popular no much means I know all
of the sharing is happening right now
and now all of the sharing these four
super babies this is this episode of
superwoman and hannah talk is brought to
you by patience and perseverance Tohru
I'm gonna do Facebook I did this I have
to do this this some thing you taught me
over here look at me I'm learning all of
the things right now
yeah here now click the edit button okay
I've changed oh my god and like it yes
yes I am
Oh amazing I know everything everything
that's you know it looks really good and
people are saying hi hi oh my god yes
you're gay yay whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa
whoa we're back hi sorry that's not our
fault on YouTube crashed and mostly
because it's racist um I actually think
it crashed because so many of you are so
awesome and watching so much of
awesomesauce crash the system that's
right so shares this thing again um tell
your friends come join us we're gonna
have a sexy party answer your questions
on F Superlite I am really a case super
woman if you're just joining us this is
Hannah Hart from my drunk kitchen and
many other awesome things um so if you
will want to watch more of her face your
feelings in the description to check her
out she makes you videos every Tuesday
and Thursday and I am asked superwoman
live slam if you wanted to read us ask
Superman lives you want to be creative
and do ask heart I'll ask super heart o
any combination of those things
feel free imagine your questions on
Twitter right now and I'm reading your
comments below and if you're just
joining us for the first time you're
like what is going on here this is you
mutants Oh like that and if you just
don't know what's happening this is our
faces on YouTube lime I know I'm usually
on you now but I decided to you to lab
today you can come in like this can you
thumbs up yeah you can like this up
thumbs up you can like this video you
can click subscribe you can click
comments you can click anything really
do have two different screen and do
something out do everything do all of it
do all of that stuff
we'd love to interact with you I'm
reading a comments below as soon as they
load um and I know people are just
coming back we have 600 viewers again
already cheap and fighting people keep
inviting your friendship unicorns and
I'm going on Twitter YouTube crash
because you overloaded it hells yeah it
did can't handle all this cess Kunis um
no I have a weird hat things I'm
definitely trying you should try on
every hat no I have to try on oh yeah
right am I going to LA meetup you know
what I'm not decided yet I don't have
one arranged but I feel like I might
just be like hey meet here what do you
think well I haven't talked about
meetups let's talk about meetups I have
many thoughts and feelings on this ok
we're so so great guys there's almost a
thousand of you coming back thank you so
much for telling each other we are at
like 2500 a second ago so I feel bad for
those 1500 who um are just like maybe
the peeing Oh pings good please finish
going to the bathroom and then come back
or you do both at the same time and if
your friend is in the bathroom right now
yell at them its back its back that's
why I'm also let's see frozen later ha
ha ha I'm just sticking with my callback
joke bringing back the jokes from the
old stream Banga Banga Junction Ellen
stream um so basically what I was going
to say to answer your question is that
this year you do yeah it's over there
also chapter oh yeah uh this year
actually this is providing additional
lighting all these things that you have
no idea beside guys um so uh basically
ah this year I went on a tour across
America and I did meetups in over 20
cities and in Australia and we did a
bunch of food bank work work over a
hundred thousand pounds of food
it was amazing amazing amazing amazing
uh meeting all those fans or you know
members of the heart joke community was
incredible because I can see a diverse
and fast you know they all were so in
that way like meetups were really really
great but one thing I will say I have
one thing to say guys if you're at a
meet-up
be polite to each other like valid point
if we're going to meet up and there's
200 to 300 people in a line and we
only have an hour and everybody wants to
get their hug and their photo and their
eye contact in their moment let other
people have their moment don't stand to
the side shouting more because then it
makes me feel bad because I'm distracted
when I'm seeing this person for the one
second I get to see them and thank them
for making my life possible so you know
just be courteous right any what do you
think I agree and another on that Knoll
I've had a few meetups where um
sometimes there's not enough time just
because the organization or the event or
the capacity what you can't meet
everyone so sometimes I will do a kind
of a mask thing where I come out to like
this mask and kind of do it exactly in
that situation it breaks my heart to see
people pushing each other because people
do get hurt in those situations so if I
meet up and it's crowded just remember
that you're all part of the same family
and you should act like that when you
guys are with each other that's really
true and you know that's where we get
these live events because we know that
we don't get to do all the hugs in every
single moment every single day and life
events or we first to do it yeah whoa
whoa whoa whoa I'm making with my
friends tonight oh yeah okay I'm gonna
be for the next row of a meetup thing
like remember when you said you make out
with all your friends I've ever kissed
you're gonna meet it
um people ask me for kisses all the time
mom or like to say can you kiss me I
sometimes that people kiss my cheek and
it depends on the situation I'd kiss
people's cheeks as well I'm a very
sexual person I like the hugging's and
all that stuff like sometimes are you
afraid of catching meetups cold um you
know what sometimes but sometimes I've
had situations of people a little be
crying and so I just oh yeah well you
know like yeah yeah you know all the
fuels are there yeah the germs if this
happened now you'll have to use happen
okay I'm asking a question let's do it
Oh My glob you watch superwoman yeah and
also great adventure type of um John
Abraham or Siddharth mouths work that
well Georgia law courts what that's
ridicuious question who's John Abraham
okay John who's John area I know that
connected oh oh Abram oh oh how I
pictured myself yeah exactly I knew I
said don't know what that's why I liked
you as well yeah yeah that's right so
you could how about this how about you
tweet Hannah
questions for me leave me questions for
Hannah oh that's a fun gal John Abraham
twitter.com slash heart oh is her
Twitter HAART oh hi Superman eye
treatment license behind them into cat
equations for me and we'll ask each
other perfect let's die I love it okay
I'm going to my ass right now
alright okay oh my god hard toe squeak
that's not a question but it's a valid
valid valid statement for Joe ass squeak
oh um okay uh superwoman
uh Lily uh your turn-ons and turn offs
whoo okay my turn on I lost some of the
sense of humor
um I love I love facial hair about an
answer that's wrong oh one more turn on
I'll go to humor facial hair um um um
and I really like um I really like um
it's not like a make or break but I
appreciate someone who couldn't dress
you know oh yeah struck snappy dressers
yeah that you care about exactly exactly
turn-offs would be even if it's in the
slightest if I catch someone being
dishonest
it just really ruins the person for me
always even the slightest things like I
can't do this honesty um what would be a
slight decide sometimes people lie about
like even white lies if there was
something important for example like the
whole royalty thing if you make a white
lie about being with someone like oh no
I'm not like I didn't meet up with her
even if you met up with her for like two
minutes like that's a white light system
like oh yeah yeah it said I mean like
yeah I didn't it up over two minutes I
also think that your request that I
never see this person get unreasonable
have a real conversation exactly no the
truck I hate gray evidence ignorant but
people say grandpa's bliss I know
ignorance is amiss but this one I can't
but anyone who's like it doesn't believe
in interracial dating or like as home or
anything like night now can rachel
dating is that yeah all the time
really yeah I did not know that Frank
it's annoying I'm from San Francisco so
it's like interracial dating like you
know yeah no I can't like lucky I'm a
believers let people be who they want to
be
can I get a palm with that shut your
face shut your friend that's right um
name one thing you guys like
on each other ah okay I like your facial
hair all things I did trim it up today
okay for you out of me too I'm a laser
yeah jump you're down I like Hannah's ah
like a snapback collection oh thank you
I like the way Hannah says hello hello
like just right in the fields just I
love it I love saying : I love it I love
it okay somebody asks can you do a video
with Lily I'm gonna ask another question
after this yes we have done videos
together I did smoothie challenge and
then she gave and did fork pal yes in
the video which we beat grace and Louie
big-time beat them and then we're
actually going to shoot an MDK together
we're stand for my drunk kitchen which
you can find at youtube.com slash heart
oh that's right if you've never seen it
then you've never long get out of that
box you linen yeah exactly watch it okay
naan bread or puppet dogs
what's the papadum if I put up okay so
naan bread is I cannot drop that poppin
out haha well grandma's like a
everywhere but surely I can tell
anything I'm not sure but it's more like
the crispy err it's like everyone you
know it's like the crispy one and on you
know like not as like pita bread I
prefer not that's because you put butter
on it oh yeah
buddy yo I should what I've had a hard
reference I'm very impressed
yeah yeah he should be I'm very fresh if
I know where to get arrested what would
it most likely be for whoa I'm gonna say
I'm gonna be really off with this to be
honest but I'm gonna say something
related to activism I'll tie myself to a
tree oh yeah yeah right
I would totally get arrested for that
yeah yeah what would I be arrested for
um punching someone in a bar I would
never find out
I just went to the first thing anything
uh probably for like logging someone and
that would only be arrested for Oh Lilly
would be arrested for this is a good one
you're gonna wish you thought of this
okay Lilly would be arrested for staying
past or breaking zoning codes while Adam
meet up trying desperately to make sure
that she met every single person okay
sure that's true that's it that's true I
do try to meet everyone that comes from
meetups yeah okay next question
it's Hannah unicorn up and then I'm
sorry yes Hannah can you not see
all of this right here Oh Collins Hannah
I told me uh yeah right what's that I'm
uh not tall you're slight I'd say you're
slightly taller than me
I think I'm taller than you oh no wait
um put your on what it becomes a game
look at that I tell big times oh hi MA
you're looking fit these days might I
say I I feel like there's a six-pack so
more than there is is there no okay in
the fridge I think it's a kegger
whooping nice nice okay great and the
next um Lily what's your favorite drink
what does a specify what kind of drink
okay um I like Coca Cola and glass
bottles but if it is a day where I want
to make not so intelligent choices then
I prefer smirnoff ice if you're going to
imbibe wisely because you can make you
can choose to have a drink um you know
moderation etc because sometimes you
deserve a drink what a mamrie Hart
refuge you're so good at like dropping
names that's right know what I feel I
think you didn't I thought the one love
them after this I'm gonna be like what
up Lily yeah but you guys know what I do
is if I make a CH of a reference I say
what up so-and-so reference what I do is
I would you believe she shirts in my
videos so I refer to my t-shirts so I
actually have a t-shirt at unicorn
Island on CA or you can buy it says what
up t-shirt reference no way when I was
in charity shop what a blessed black
expanse of nothingness universe you know
what we plan the YouTube crashes so I
can say what I'll take top rappers yeah
what happens to your bigger today this
is the live stream and white gummy why
would i I'm gonna do this one imma get
more water smell don't you too watery
water I'm okay thank you
okay all right let's do it let's do it
man are you guys having good time if
you're just joining us my name is Lily
what you probably know cuz you're on my
channel there's 2,000 you thank you so
much for coming feel free to invite your
friends were answering over
I broke what I did again more of your
questions and I'm here with Hannah Hart
from my drunk kitchen and if you've
never seen it videos make sure you click
Subscribe all information is in the
description
she makes new videos every Tuesday and
Thursday I make new videos every Monday
and Thursdays I am amazing I'm retaining
information that is right
I'm answering more of your questions um
my favorite youtuber I have a few
favorite youtubers and I promise I'm not
just saying this because Hannah's here
um every YouTube without you two of them
work and still aren't Grace and Hannah
and I didn't know what made me but once
I saw because I like oh my god love I
also love Jenna I love Kingsley um and I
just love you know what being a youtuber
is not an easy thing it takes a lot to
put yourself out there on the internet
so I appreciate and respect okay Ryder
greasers yes come join for your fake
warrior inspiration dude this this is
amazing I'm sorry I just love water yeah
um I say as I take my youtube
inspirations uh when I started youtubing
I really had no idea what was going on
um and the first youtubers I met I
remember distinctly who they were it was
jenna Marbles in Harley Morenstein from
Epic Meal Time and those two people I
think we're really motivating also the
green brothers um you know the vlog
brothers John Hank green we're super
super motivating so those are my youtube
inspirations and then through the years
I mean when I met Tyler he had like
under a hundred thousand subs really oh
yeah but he was just like the sweetest
guy at playlist live like two years ago
and it was the first post I never got to
and I met him and it was what same one
where my crystal them and it's just
insane to like watch everything that's
that's happened you know it's wonderful
and awesome
speaking of subscribers has very close
to 1 million subscribers me so maybe we
can have our tooling 1 million great
together
oh god happy great you know what I heard
this so sad well um one of the things I
was looking forward to forever was that
when you passed mine subscribe as I
started getting out these gold play
button yeah I don't do that anymore no
no they do what do you mean they stopped
recently very recently I was lied to
they stopped giving out the gold player
but it was recently like an Alaska once
so you're gonna get hurt oh maybe all
but if you haven't gotten there I can
engrave I haven't I haven't gotten my
platform 100,000 surface yet
okay well me neither still help yeah are
there never was
whichever all if I get mine we can
engrave your name next to it Oh Jerry we
can share it you're very nice that I can
try I tried ask Superman Canada trends
look at that triangle oh he shot that
I'm not gonna check worldwide cuz I
don't think it's trending and I don't
want my self esteem to go down yeah so
cool
Oh Heather is doing an eighty eighty
nine Tyler anything look at that
everyone tweet Tyler Oakley at I think
it's toilet bad Heather at Tyler Oakley
and tell him we said hi Madison
how long hello Albert thoughts on Indian
arranged marriages that was one the ones
my parents had an arranged marriage so
wise um but I think that I'm I
personally don't think I would have an
arrangement about knowing person for
quadrille see you kind of looking you up
and arrange murder to learn things
arranged marriage like sometimes you
don't even need the person you just go
there and your betrothed yes exactly but
I'm not post people introducing other
people I think that whatever someone
wants to do with their relationship
whether it be arraigned on arranged is
their choice and that question yes do
they show our arranged marriage is still
common in India yes all the time
oh yeah like it's not let's just for
them really yeah interests says my
information in my brain and then you're
just very big just paired up yeah I are
you going to make one yeah I'm also in
the works of getting on VidCon VidCon
VidCon playlists sitcom pilot and see
super heart I just knit up so fine yeah
super heart I love it yeah I did just
tweet uber how did I treat Boober uber
teams to quit this was a cos uh this is
my little pee pad story titled mr.
Bernardo say oh my god a pen and Selena
Gomez were drowning you only choose one
who would you say why who comes the next
question hey do you have fabric I'm your
surfing your question what is that
what's fanfic yeah you're kidding okay
see this is what we need to teach each
other things like I taught you about the
side button and I talked to you about
the sage and you need to teach me about
tumblr and whatever this crap is that's
true I was fanfic I can't actually I
have so taken aback hold on I'm just
gonna write teaching superwoman this is
good
first a doormat haha Baba about fanfic
you know what I've done something where
the comments aren't coming up you see
how there's no Commons mmm
oh no they're all no look I feel that
everything cuz they're all right here
I always just you all comments I'm
reading your comments below you can yell
some shoutouts as you like okay great
there we go so I'm fanfic that's what
we're answering okay so here you go
let's talk about this okay
Spivak is awesome so my fanfic is is
basically you take two characters
pictural actually I guess real real
people fake it's not like a big thing
well when I was young it was just
fictional characters like Sailor Moon or
Sailor Moon um and what you do is you
write a story about that show or person
or thing and it's just fiction it's like
writing out a novel it's like it's like
historical fiction and that people could
like write novels about Alexander the
literal meaning of fanfiction I know I
thought it was like a social media site
or something
Oh usually fast enough I know what the
words fanfiction ya know I was like
someone ciders of no I was asking like
do people have Lily
like to do arrest times and sometimes
sometimes sometimes I don't know it's
just about like a superhero that saves
stuff for like so many people I that's
what I'm gonna do
that's that's how your fabric goes yeah
mine is I die from giving birth to man
Grace's baby
where can I read this on tumblr oh my
god that's on my to-do freaking list
yeah um
super harto sexual asks says don't break
her innocence yet how cuz I was telling
you about family oh uh would you ever
study shut her up on a blind date
Oh what curious okay if I was going to
set you up on a blind date with someone
it would be this kind of guy are you
guys ready yeah so I set her up on a
date with a a friend of mine because I'm
gonna be able to vouch for him next he
would be taught um next he would be a an
independent he would either be a lawyer
for nonprofit or I like the nonprofit
edition you just did there yeah or
someone who runs their own business but
takes time to do philanthropic acts and
you know either this country or other
ones and then he would also be um I
don't actually know if he'd be funny
like it wouldn't be like everybody's
like that guy's so funny but he will
never there's no room for two funny
people right there's no we're pretty
funny people in relationship 100 but he
would have a great sense of humor I
appreciate that
anyone have sisters and you would be hot
and yeah yeah surprise how's that you
want to I do Kamini
um not taller than you do that matter
you know recently I have given up I use
it exclusively date women that were my
height or shorter lately um but now I've
learned that that's not really important
okay okay so that's fine I have a sense
of humor as well cares about um activism
and is not ignorant and um kin um I
don't know anything about you know I'm a
mystery wrapped in an England let's
let's answer this question more in my
drunk kitchen
Oh you later tonight is what up video
plug what a what a what what up t-shirt
well I did it all up a few days in the
desert suit as a v-neck wannabe neck uh
uh come to New Zealand I've been to New
Zealand I believe I just got back there
you go we've all been to New Zealand
loved it why weren't you with us that's
weird
yes that's pretty rude of you Oh God all
right
where did you go in easier I Auckland
even Oakland and Oakland Oakland I also
want Auckland very nice we've been there
and there's a whole bunch of volcanoes
knows cool oh yeah yeah would you like
to be on youtubers react I would love to
be I believe the finebros are i've been
in contact with them they're super busy
but hopefully one day we'll be have you
ever been on yeah big time if you never
we won't we'll get you on wire now there
you go
yeah see 100% us are such nice things
make a little your made-up name um um
what are they date hand if you were get
you know what I'm not gay no I still
want to do Hannah because I'm just a
bundle of joy that's true nobody should
also treat at the fine brothers to let
them know about I'll get so that they
should have you on oh you should do that
tweet at the finebros and super on
youtubers react oh and time is the key
reactions would be priceless I agree
okay I agree in do some dramatic
reactions oh yeah
I never watched you ever seen in game
drama like I forgot to buy the milk to
June and then also my favorite part
about um Indian Bollywood in general and
I don't know if this is still true but
everybody would know the I've seen
nobody kisses now just giving all like
flashes all times
nowadays they kiss and they don't force
the riots no no thank you
see I always associate Bollywood like
one of these like yeah it's a hug it's
one of these yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah
but now they have somebody oh oh they
get more frisky of my mouth has been
rocked they are getting frisky yeah I'll
make it on des hi Megan
it says I see you and I say hi back hey
I'll just her music noise phenomenal
I'll play some okay I'm adding it to my
notes add added your nose I don't get to
wear you I love it I bought those
post-assessment just for this
ba-ba-ba-ba maybe I do ever
misunderstood anything sexual as a kid
yes I am just trying to thank most
things yeah sexual it's your story
um the song by ice cube that goes you
can do put your back into it I thought
it was about lifting something heavy so
I used to sing it all the time
everywhere like when people were dueling
you can do a picture back yeah and I
used to think genuine ride pony that one
was about attorney
um funny that you could all right let's
do it
thank God we didn't have a hundred ah
yeah thank God we'd have heard about ten
nope I love that song it said don't bow
wow wow I just started freaking band
right yeah god yeah last movie you saw
in theaters I
frozen my room last time i saw i love
went to theaters because I love popcorn
as you all know you every time I mean I
have a lifetime supply of popcorn
because these waterfalls buy me popcorn
I love I love the popcorn um I don't
know the last movie I saw in theaters
come on I think it might be the heat
Yanis which was freakin phenomenal was
the McCarthy Julie wrong oh yeah I know
Sandra Bullock that's what I meant
well she's very tired whoa whoa all
right um next question can you do if you
do react videos I did on my parents
react to wrecking ball
oh I love that I want to watch that
that's very funny haha watch my video
that when I watch that oh yeah Megan
just said come right at my opponent
you've never heard a Hodgins is not
having never gets really good she's got
like oh I feel like I just left you
we're gonna have an exchange of
information everything's really good
guys we have I heard it go it check it
out Meghan tonjes I'm sure what I'm
making Tom just reference really good
gon Jes um okay um next question
you do music on your chance yes I rap a
little bit you do I do say no let me
you're single I mean I don't sing I'm
not a singer but I have some by any
stretch of the imagination
yes so you do rap can you freestyle I
can't freestyle unfortunately but I'm
working on I took one day will be able
to you know how's learning out of her
Salva reading poetry really and reading
rap I
lyrics I guess that would go ahead and
oh yeah right now freestyle yeah I could
try if you can you can improvise clearly
so I feel like you can freeze that okay
what we're good time right right later
donated to Hanna yeah that's right there
you go that's right all right little one
more questions than that no no
everyone's just tweeting finebros how
they're gonna hate me here what's your
favorite Indian sweet oh I like glob
diamonds I like jalebi you don't either
those are mm-hm
Rick I like Jala be way more let's look
at this one look at this let me tell you
guys if you don't know uh gulab jamun
yeah yes yeah no is that you know it's
like a doughy honey soaked ball cake
doughnut soaked in honey right can I
rock your world for a second no majority
of Indian sweets I made from cheese yes
Oh what uh and jalebi is um like it's
basically deep-fried honey kind of it's
like yeah imagine this like imagine you
were like it's like about pretzel yeah
imagine you were a very tough person and
you got run over by a truck your remains
is what did you they do look like you're
delicious okay this is a reenactment of
what it delayed picture a hollow pretzel
that's why did you take a picture of how
did I begin to make sure you put your oh
there we go
I am sweet we are a jalebi take a
picture make sure you don't show your
jalebi a-- hi there's those stroke
that's our kids um but it's delicious
and you should have it and I love that
oh yeah mmm mmm I mean who's your fav um
Bollywood actor or actress oh my God my
favorite Bollywood actor is legitimately
acting wise like Shah Rukh Khan he's a
classic amongst booyaka mom looks wise I
would do many things so Johnny Reb
terrible thanks or wonderful whatever
whether she'd pay for dinner yeah and
then later be like thanks for the great
night I'll call you in a couple days but
then I was a third or fourth or fifth
day hike was your last relationship
anyway
oh um basically my last relationship was
with entourage but then that end
that ended she's funny
yeah see what I did Thanks so he's
getting around getting that's ready oh
right let's do it
um why I am refreshing my men gym yes I
am answer questions as well
all 2,300 of you on favorite book Isle
was obsessed with the shopaholic series
Doodle Shopaholic series it's about a
girl who shops aha for you can love
Shopaholic I'm obsessed with a
chocoholic serious girl obsessive um
chocolate chocolate hot chocolate for
you by the way yeah carrot onesie all
mine can I tell you something there is a
moment it had this video okay that is
etched in my brain membrane for my life
because the greatest thing I have a
drink yes it's the greatest thing I've
ever witnessed and then this it's from
hello harto part 1 okay and it's when
they're saying um Carol NZ if it's
basically when someone's saying that
hannah is just always had and that
personality never turns off and hina
wears this epic carrot onesie and I
quote Kenzi kind of Kenny one kind of
Wednesday a kind of cutter onesie kinda
want a little bite I love it and Joe
buddy's good thing is is that I was I am
going to make a song maybe only give a
little Bollywood flavor E - fuck that's
great so cuz kinda wanna do kind of kind
of 1d like with a little little little
behind it but then the I was gonna make
like the drop part um feel like this
part that's like ya don't want it foamy
and it's like brown
meaning and so I can I made that one but
then I am very fickle and changeable so
I want to do a different thing now I do
hard the day now my notes oh it's okay I
just experienced care I feel crying ice
mascara onesie live this is the greatest
day of my life
oh it's pretty great day Oh what dance
is this question what's your what's the
best day of your life but this day yeah
stay right now this day right now
oh geez room I love it
ooh here's question would you ever date
another youtuber yeah I might be opposed
to dating a youtuber because you know
what there's something about huge where
is that like when not with my other
friends they're super supportive and
understanding but it tastes like
youtuber to get a new tour they won't
understand you're vlogging ways and all
that stuff they're kind of like okay
they won't get it as much so I think
like being a youtuber has pros and it's
cons I want people to try it how are you
no no yeah no yeah oh whatever
okay well suppose it's like if you're
dating in a youtuber then it's like you
guys have to like figure out what's
public and private ticket I mean it just
seems like but I guess that goes with
anyone not even your youtuber like if
you're like trying to run or whatever
it's true I gave them that I guess I
would want to date somebody who would
bring something to the relationship that
I had an audience that I wasn't
experiencing but you know but conversely
you're absolutely right dating
somebody's at least in the industry
allows for a freedom of like oh sorry
let me just do this real quick and we're
and other people are like wow you're
super narcissistic you're reading all
the time don't you hate that I'll tweet
everything Jules yeah everything will be
tweeting well I just feel bad like my
friends you know from the real world or
boom like this other life are like I'm
like hold on I got that take an
Instagram real quick I haven't done
anything today and you're not saying it
to be a dick yeah you're really not I'm
just like oh sorry guys let me just
check in with everybody and do bubble up
and then your friends were like oh yeah
and you're just like what I got a lot is
because when I land place is an airport
sometimes I check in first before
messaging people like this is like my
mentality does sometimes it finds a good
oh so you had time to tweet and check in
which couldn't message me oh please I
get that all the time
please don't let people criticize yeah
just for you being the way you are just
why does hurt I have a ring
ring finger she doesn't that's the end
this is wedding finger and this is ring
I have which is very nice how my tattoos
do you have only one and I take about it
it is a blend above because her heart is
always seductive now it's time yeah I
actually don't think it's sexual at all
I didn't probably see where it was going
to screen like oh that's no no no no
that's effective really yeah it's a play
on a pause on because I put it there
it's kind of like during this time in my
life I was really you know depressed
can't get up at all Allah and I wanted
to give me up every day and it makes an
age it doesn't make an H but I make my
logo oh sorry your local is nature logos
those two combining but there's a pause
button because you have to take time to
reflect you just can't go go go gadget
that's right
buffering buffering buffering and I have
two one on each wrist yes tell me about
them okay so this means without fear and
this means without hate because I
believe that use two concepts could
solve a lot of Ohm's law
yeah people faith over fear man Yemen
different place Yemen we're near here
for proximately six more minutes so
we're gonna what should we do in these
six minutes let's get some shadows all
of you because you made this last
impossible here we go why don't you
tweet or comment below and we'll give
you some shout outs say how do you say
what's up tell your sexy moves your
self-esteem all that good jazz flavor
BAM
yeah let's talk to all like let's do it
shout out Robert says I've watched every
single on your video supermoon
you're freaking awesome thank you all
but you're a great individual and you
don't have a profile picture but I'm
sure you're freaking hot or not hi it
doesn't matter George I'm saying I'm
saying in your own way I think you're
hot funk guitar xxx lover I saw you a n
wait n JY f do you want to do something
up Isaac as we did yes your Bunga break
it up that's right hey there miss new
moody and I'm gone I know I gave it up a
bit
oh but it but moody I'm gonna play my
own is that lame no I think it's very
cool oh yeah that's doing this is a song
you did well I'm featuring in the song
that's a frickin turban
here we go I'm just gonna forward a bit
but wherever the ending was none of your
lives even work on me
oh honey say that here hand me a give me
that link you wanna I want yeah I want
to say I just watch this video
oh you're some wait my dealer to you
yeah DM am d putting the Dino Mindy em a
message also yes well um - bomb dance
man yeah totally not bug enough yeah Bob
if it's gonna rain that was really no a
shameless plug wait so yeah cool wow how
did that happen
um the guy approached me is like you're
gonna do something Frank yeah in well
freaking just dope you guys saw that
because oh every yo amazing amazing a
little of our songs like please there
are stuff just shout now people I made
up T oh yeah do that do that shouting
you out laughter let's get name makailah
kid named Isabel la Oh Rio de Janeiro
Faria oh man
oh uh yeah yeah that's part of Oh is
there any booty among there no it's all
shoulders how all shoulders I'll
shoulders oh no evade you every of the a
light bulb pet the dog
yes everybody says I love and pet the
dog ready laughing all the time
yami-chan all the way people say this
fuckin whitey you're not at work
no I think you know what a clerk
yeah I don't know I mean I don't know I
don't I don't I can't
I mean I know it's work hard everyday
words my Herr Kobel post an instant
video as twerking much ado that you can
follow us on instagram at her Instagram
is my heart oh yeah I see woman if you
don't know I guess it's right to
Hannah's channel online link is in the
description or Twitter and her youtube
and her Facebook and on my informations
there if you're just joining us that's
kind of like because we're leaving in
two minutes
Oh Lily a case to proven this is my
channel you can click Subscribe I make
new videos every Monday and Thursday and
how to miss new videos every Tuesday and
then so make sure you check all that out
and tweet us and tweet us an FMLA until
February first if you wants to do more
live streams maybe invite over some
other people mamrie / you deserve a drag
race if you bail calm / is greater then
you should tweet us and let us know you
are very attentive thank you and good at
that
thank you that's really really impressed
thank you I'm always like hi I said my
babies with I I'm an hour
you can subscribe but make videos
sometimes but that's changed a message
everything really said do you listen to
a lot of Bunga I am a professional Bunga
dancing are you really yes what is fun
gonna mean Bhangra is a type of genius
so Oh what is in two hundred to me it's
actually traditionally was a dance for
the farmers to celebrate the crop season
so it's laboratory dance um to me it is
it's just an expression of joy because
you can't be funny without smiling
so such expression of joy not even of
expression only of joy cause you can't
define I'd be sad that's beautiful yeah
ah okay guys and now I've learned more
there you go yeah there but we're gonna
wrap it up as always I always end with a
positive thought so I'm gonna give you
the honor of doing a positive thought
for the day any positive or anything you
want it could be about anything a
positive thought okay here's the
positive thought for the day if you find
yourself absolutely unable to kind of
pull yourself out of a funk um literally
try getting up and just dancing to
something alone by yourself I know that
sounds crazy I'm really cheesy hmm but
sometimes you just physically need to
get your body producing a different
batch of chemicals everything a
scientific with this one anything I love
it
that's actually a good point though in
fact everyone if you're watching this
and will do the same thing ask this
livestreams done play a favorite song
and even if you're a loner through a
friends it doesn't matter get it pretend
yeah and just have a good or maybe dance
quietly in your bed just do something
that I don't even dance all you can take
a video or posted a way to do for
yourself just have a dance for yourself
a dance for yourself answer yourself
there you go yeah thank you all before
joining I appreciate so much don't
forget on the 14th of every month we'll
be asking someone well we might do some
surprises over this month who knows who
knows make sure you subscribe to
Hannah's channel again that's below make
sure you subscribe to me as well thank
you so much one loves Superman Robin
thank you thank you yeah I can't play
we're gonna go make bad decisions in the
kitchen now
