so yo it's me everybody your girl Hannah
Hart that's a lowercase H oh the play
button there yeah hi paws whoa what's up
welcome to ask Superman Lana look where
I am I'm not in the winter cold I'm in
Los Angeles or there's palm trees
everywhere
what's that I can't hear you everyone in
Toronto over these freakin Bob trees
that's right and as you know on the 14th
of every wave as you can see here this
let's just convert business I always
yeah yeah I always am worried that
people can actually see or hear with
that she's teaching you he might be
saying oh no not so yeah slam oh wait a
little bit I get it yeah so that yeah
yeah so on YouTube this is gonna be a
little bit behind us but you can see all
your comments right here by clicking
that and that it takes you to this and
now it's the plan supply busily this is
get refreshed yeah and this is that and
then yeah there's so much awesomeness
going on right now cuz it's awesome ok
well I'm going to ask Superman live on
the 14th of every month they do a live
stream and usually I'm a loner but not
today because I have Hannah Hart here
from my drunk kitchen and if you've
never seen my drunk kitchen then you've
not lived life so make sure you check it
out
Oliver links are in the description
which you follow on Twitter and
Instagram and YouTube and whatever other
social media you have I also love Tumblr
I'm very very into template that's
another thing you're going to teach me
how to do you don't tell me I don't know
how to do some work I don't do this what
do you do when you are awake at night
Instagram oh okay
Instagram tumblr is going to ruin you
this any questions you can jump onto
Twitter just use the hashtag ask super
alive but if you want to do like a ask
super heart or ask heart or you can want
to be creative on one post yeah also go
ahead and do that and what else can they
do well I can show you one more thing
you can do one of this thing check it
out so in this guy
we can also I believe as like a lower
third so it says our names and stuff
like that
just shut up I don't believe you I don't
know and I don't believe they might have
taken that away now I think they took
that future what does need to pair with
us okay forget it's not like this is you
know my videos anyone saying this okay
I can't oh you've never seen Google
effects goggle up backs check this out
ready oh my god okay look here's the
Queen door my faces I don't know but now
you're a great everybody everybody's
very happy when they discovered Google
effects - the first time doesn't it you
graduated oh my god is better than
realize and then but it gets even better
because you could wait I need a beard
immunity I would love to give you this
here yeah okay I need to how does it
know where my face is you look like your
dad is I want to know if it will
recognize like a picture of a face will
it do that very nice is me I don't know
there's a bomber behind this will
recognize Obama your hide yeah go to
Obama okay
so that's just a lot of good a house is
one of the cool things oh wait let's get
it back inside we don't have to do that
forever do we do you know how much time
we know can I make this like a private
stream just do this by myself
wait are you absolutely can all this and
more YouTube will teach you how many
viewers wait I didn't send a message to
my subscribers okay let's do that
how do I do that mmm let's find out
together okay how do you normally send
messages you I know it says something
about something okay can do it this way
maybe a ba e sorry you need to bear with
us maybe go back into your YouTube thing
okay and then go to dashboard or to our
professionals it too soon to start
talking about how good frozen was go for
it I
everything is good I was gonna figure
everything out right now yeah you talked
to you how about you start answer
questions okay let's do it I'm gonna
open on my Twitter my Twitter is the
link is in the description that's also
Act III Superman III sabooms with an A
and not Ian because there's just one of
me that makes perfect sense to me I'm
gonna jump on Twitter to answer your
questions you can ask me a question
about anything feel free to ask what
anything and you know me but super
inappropriate I'll find my way around it
you'll find a way to answer yes I answer
right and you can also ask questions for
puntos I'm an open book
let's do it okay um the Anna asks will
you be my friend one thing you should
know about me is I like to hug spaces
and I love to make friends and I tell
them what was on my front door um on her
front door there was a thing that said
hey come on in let's have a hug time
that's the word for word verbatim it's
kinda yeah I love making friends and
sometimes a little bit too much because
I do invite over random strangers
sometimes sure I really don't know what
they're about and sure they could just
be totally crazy also true all of this
is true okay next question will you hate
me if I can't figure out a way I won't
beat you at all oh I can ask on my phone
too I can text on be like how do you
subscribe it's called technology I have
a question for you someone's asking so
yeah frozen and my right oh my god guys
I don't know a lot of us have just met
here today for the very first time and
that's really cool and great and it's a
pleasure to meet you in this moment
behind
I am completely obsessed with the movie
frozen I have not I have not been this
obsessed with the franchise or you know
it's something she'll she saw her first
new Superman video since then that's
true I did I did stalk you quite a bit
and and follow you on all the social
needs but frozen is phenomenal it's way
better than any of the expectations you
have going into it I heard it was good
so I expected to have a lovely bra and
then I found myself having all the
fields all the feel I don't love the
feel yeah
so I decided I'm going to drag Harrison
frozen again yes and watch it again but
apparently if you haven't seen frozen
you really should see it guys either
visit Toronto or watch the movie you're
sure it's the same thing did you see
brave I saw the door on the plane okay
okay well braver is real really good
gonna throw it out there frozen was
better Oh make sure you gonna get any
money for this well okay I go into the
box I have question hashtag ask
superwoman do you get a cute every time
you are excited about something or say
something you like do people accuse you
of being paid to say that all the time
you need to I genuinely just like a lot
of things and I mean like for example
how to walk to them like we have to have
this coke because it's in a glass bottle
and I love but everyone's Oh coke
endorsement you must be paid by go to
whether I reply high-fructose corn syrup
is very bad for your health
exactly cheers to that okay we don't get
paid for all these things that you're
saying and all that jazz it's not true
we just like things I want to tell you
about how to do it yeah that's all the
days yeah right so in the curds are
frozen let it go Scott's I guess I read
get ready for our MBK we know I know
what I'm getting kind of a part of the
way it goes no a copy of board tickets I
don't question for you yeah but I don't
here who's not seeing you doesn't know
anything about anything tell them what
my drunk kitchen is okay the art of my
drunk okay yeah that's very good thing
um so my name is Janet Marie did you my
name is Jared art and I have a YouTube
channel that's slash heart oh and what
is on there that is the most commonly
beloved is the show called my drunk
kitchen now I had a career and I got
multiple degrees and a very different
life plan for myself up until about two
years ago or two and a half years ago
when I made a video for a friend that
was called my truck kitchen about
getting drunk and deciding you needed to
cook and now it's my life and now it's a
priority yeah but it's you know it's
more than just drinking it's also like a
philosophy show like it's like hey you
know it's really great
cheesy toast also love yourself Wow you
see how we're friends
you see yesterday on coitus so Mitch and
I feel like I feel like there's a chance
I've heard rumor has a
might also be in a kitchen that is drugs
I agree
right yeah maybe that will happen
perhaps this Thursday there will be an
episode of my drunk kitchen that has
Lily in it and quickly continues to
discuss just approach that next question
let's do that probably they're watching
thank so much for joining me
wherever you are in the world I'm sure
you're in all sorts of places where it's
all sorts of ridiculous times right now
most of you show blam just like that oh
I love the other go get a ringtone
okay okay I might look at the comments
right now I don't know where you are
from let me know which city which
country yeah and you're from and we'll
give shoutouts to it every show them
wait I'll read something to you all
right
ah Lily it's doing super cool you can
call me a new friend
do you watch Pretty Little Liars I don't
I hardly watch any TV I only watch
YouTube me too yeah yeah but I hear it's
good and I like it cuz there's a gay
character oh there's a beautiful
beautiful beautiful actress who plays it
with Hannibal gay girl um thank you the
pretty one like I don't know okay fair
enough
pretty girl from Pretty Little Liars
you're watching this good job Twitter
get on that okay yeah okay I'm gonna
refresh it anyways and believe the
system Oh
UK true God good back yeah when are you
coming to Dubai
no I've been to Dubai 20 I've been to
Dubai once and I would love to come back
as superwoman because before I went as
Lily which man I just thought the whole
time but I'd love to come back as
superwoman yeah it may have been caused
some Rockets instead of Dubai it'll be
like do hi
genius the genius right here's heart you
know a lot about your families I'm a lot
of my fanbase is actually from outside
countries do kick Moo India yeah I don't
know why um Trinidad is one huge cold
over to that so I am very watching I see
you i screen you god you're good vintage
it never what do you know about your
today I know that they have carnival and
they wear costumes and they have soca
music and if I go there a random men
will dance with me oh wow
Trinidad sounds like leaving the house
muscle bacchanal and we have this like
cool lingo of language and things my son
there you go only on Superman's channel
you see someone as white as this saying
that that's right
most of um uh hard to have sexuals as
they lovingly call themselves in the
beginning I really wanted to come to
call themselves kitchenettes and then
everybody called himself sarge bisexuals
and i was like or kitchenettes
and they were like or hard to say i know
just like hard to sexually I made enough
coffee right yeah but most of my
community I guess are from United States
UK Canada and Australia okay
also known as wait places yeah white
place okay well that's okay because
you're gonna give me some your wife and
now I'm gonna give you some of my brown
fans and we're gonna mix up and it's
time went through a melting pot it was
awesome miss that might also happen in
my drunk kitchen who asked some
questions
what do use to film I use Canon t3i that
I barely know how to use I know nothing
about it except the record button Texas
I'm sorry shouting place I use a Canon
60d
and the only thing I know about it is
how to set the white balance and ISO and
a chi there's the racist comment
somewhere in there I just can't think of
it it's on the tip of my tongue
I know what is it ah 60d yeah so I have
a Canon 60d and it's a great like
prosumer camera basically Hanna's more
advanced than me that is absolutely not
true
have you seen your costuming speak
costume a cold I take over okay I'll be
Lily what's up everybody its lily here
coming to you from right now just sayin
yo it just be yourself be cold be
positive okay so you know what I've
learned about Lily in the three seconds
that I've taken over for her she has
affirmations everywhere and Brit it's
really lovely they're really real oh
you're back so I'm gonna show you how
one becomes my character okay great so
am i you your mid to be my mom
okay so do I take this off you can do
whatever you want you should leave it on
I think what I need you to do is put a
little bit over here for Matt okay okay
should I had my hair oh no no I'm just
like that and then I need you tuck it
behind your ears okay yeah okay there
you go yeah perfect there you go
right here Lily sugar I am telling you
things about your future yeah that's
right and now I'm gonna show you how to
make the dad care find a husband please
I don't know how your mom is at all did
she want you to get married
okay she's brown Canada no problem
that's what you think
look this isn't gonna be a typical
scenario of white people thinking they
have dark are good until they meet
people like me okay okay it'll be live
on a Subaru live Arpit Con 2012
Netherlands New Jersey and coober so
right now I still click a woman as you
can visibly see my cleavage but if I was
to paint some beard on me this would be
steamy right should be your dad and your
mom that's right okay so let's uh let's
go through you know a typical kind of
therapy therapeutic discussion so I'll
be your mom and you be your dad sure how
do you think Lily's doing with her
instrument career see if that's wrong
right away because my mom would never
call my thing a career why is Lily on
the computer again many gotta be jesting
she's got a bitch she loved the guidance
she like what oh I am gonna be couraging
her okay now be a - what - look the key
to be
just gold everything okay give me like
five facts good about being a parent
that way I have gold everything well
that's right wrong doesn't matter if
your kids exercising it's wrong being
right it's wrong
great eating junk food it's wrong school
for every god I got it have you seen
those wonderful positive notes Lily
leaves around the house saying
chin up it's a new day then God makes
everything is stupid also okay I also
don't know why she does that stupid
thing I know poison British alright well
actually well yes I'm talking about the
colonisation and all this terrible
terrible thing we went to happen to let
things take a turn
I'm sorry um Lily sure is looking smelt
Lily's looking so svelte today she's
eating enough I don't even know what
that word means
I think lily is looking very pretty
today
- ready thank you so we switch there you
go okay what's your dad's name my real
dad's name is sequinned there but my
character's name is lungi come on gene
okay yeah and you're my wife
of course honey what do you think of
buying a highlight I'm loving you look
like Jamie okay so I'm here ask your
question about our daughter
I think our daughter is too outgoing I
wore these food boarding school yes
she won't learn how to surf there does
your dad like puns you or no no pun is
although this kind of time but my dad's
go to line for everything everything is
old as gold now this is line for what is
gone I think dad you're wrong like your
your ramen or just going okay I can't
see explanation and justification for
everything I will say this is that when
doing characters it's not okay for me to
do a characters accent
except if they're from a European
country like Russia like I was like I'm
looking for the blah blah blah not
racist you know but if I was like or
this board races
what you know what you let's have a
moment of sentiment alone I feel like
you know racism is a big thing but
sometimes like if you were to do that I
wouldn't be offended by that because I
know you and I know your intentions but
I get every one but see that's why it's
important like I know people like just
fit ok so like when you're friends with
like like a lot of white people always
go out and say things and then the way
oh it's ok my best friend's black and
you're like okay yeah good shoe mr.
Prescott here and are you talking to him
yeah no you know what I mean but there's
a lot of people that say that excuse
like oh no it's cool
my stepmoms asian but you not
immediately I kind of that liked okay I
think is what it is is that you're just
too cute to get upset up I don't know
what it is sometimes don't worry but at
least nothing to go that time with that
pod girl where is the Hat love it no
spend time with Hannah again oh wait I'm
doing my Lily yo guys that was super
great just remember you have a
superwoman in your heart tow boom yeah
I'd love that you think I'm so inspiring
I find your peasants to be very
encouraging okay let me talk about this
you know what else is encouraging you
almost being at 2 million subscribers
god this is true story - oh wow is true
I cannot wait to take the captain's
chair Oh true story this dude and tumblr
can help you get to 2 million
subscribers jet and more on that when I
get back with water yeah that's right
that's right
Emma was a to moon subscribers thank you
so much when I started legitimately I
was like 7 people under watching my
videos and I'm gonna love every 7 of
them but I have almost 2 million I'm
about 50,000 away from 2 million which
is like crazy you're that mean that
means two million people need higher
standards okay and you need to upgrade
your standards and thank you so much
and I'm thinking what do you what do you
think about this I'm thinking yeah when
I hate two million subscribers I'm
assuming will be in a few days
yeah I'm gonna have a little gathering
at my house with all all these youtubers
yeah yeah yeah yeah amen run the camera
and then after oh you're gonna make no
handsome a phone call really I helped
you pick out where you were going to
stay during your time here sister okay I
care very much
just friendship right so check this is
yeah so I was thinking will you write a
whole bunch of youtubers over and like
how about giant subscriber shit yeah
yeah would you got would you like that
but you guys like to see that tweeted
ice and let us know which jazz do you
think we should invite oh oh my god what
does everything everything went wrong
okay then
yes tweet at us hard so I said let us
know which youtubers wheeshing but you
know I'm significant she say we're gonna
throw the party yeah I'm gonna say it's
not very good at throwing parties there
you go there you go actually I'm gonna
make it frozen themed know we'll make it
super superhero themed okay I thought
actually be super duper fun oh my god
heck yeah the last time I threw a party
was like two a year it was actually
right after I got to LA April 2012 and I
recorded the video called how to throw a
house party I watched this video if I
don't think we should talk I don't think
we should ever speak of it again
I watched this video actually had a girl
spray and you were just cleaning yeah
you know it happens I was hitting on
this girl and then turned out she didn't
like me and then it was like that was
pretty much the end a night and one of
my friends had totally had my back and
was like hey that girl sucks man and I
was like that's what a true friend would
do and that's the truth right and then
you know that was great so sometimes let
me know if you agree with me I believe
that a good friend you know they let you
know when you're stupid and they let you
know you know real talks when you need
to just like stop being a dream but a
good friend sometimes in those moments
is that friend that's looking what
everyone else is stupid in there right
yeah he's got some good friends exactly
and a good friend is also like when you
like make a decision that they don't
agree with just cuz they don't agree
with it they will still like be your
friend through that decision you know
what I mean they're not gonna be like
you're not doing everything I say fuck
you there is young kids out here don't
start it makes you it just makes you
seem ignorant
swearing Oh flash uh
that's for the kids for the adults swear
it because it makes you seem empowered
love it people we should invite um okay
I'm hard though sexual you are oh man
that's good names and grace you
shouldn't buy of course wouldn't let
them on that note we need to stock
everything right
with grace I mean memory I message her
about she's very bad the DMS I finally
got her number issues yes real good with
IBM but I um
stop everything what you need to do for
all of the I don't know our dear friend
well how does your friend Sam I hope
will be my new friend I'm so glad your
friend grace has a new YouTube channel
yeah long story freakin short yeah cuz
we won't get into it but you should
subscribe to our new channel youtube.com
slash it's great and it's youtube.com
slash it's great yes exactly it's good
so you should subscribe to that one and
any other stuff that is not that you
should not to or not as they say yes yes
great exactly so you should subscribe to
its grace because she's awesome and
she'll make you laugh and she's great
yes chases beautiful sold woman of
course and it I've never met grace in
person which I've had the honor of doing
she's also freaking stunning so even if
you're shallow materialistic Oh
superficially sit still oh I like your
shot yeah if your superficial great it's
great
super mega mega you know standards
regular shot okay uh New Zealand loves
you Lily Sri Lanka
they're real yeah yeah Adam that was
tamil yeah smoothie Susie doesn't live
in LA he lives in AMI
Florida oh yeah I don't know whose
cuisine is Susie this is great because
you probably own different youtubers in
me we need to catch up after Jesus work
at Disney yeah he makes animated videos
I love that he can animate something
yeah maybe you can animate you as frozen
shout out to me lovelies yes Eddie
chance of a nofilter shall we try no I
think you had one a long time ago no no
Photoshop but you had some I did I
didn't hello harto meetup in Toronto a
food drive thank you um and in terms of
no filter in Toronto we just did
culture in Victorian a goober and I know
that's on the opposite side of your
country a lot of people assume that in
Cooper Twilight next to each other it's
like Chicago to San Francisco I see
yeah so I you know more no filter is a
really really fun show and we hope to do
more of them it just kind of depends on
where we can get em for those who don't
know a no filter show is with memory
grace and Hannah and they are the Holy
Trinity of YouTube as the show super
super awesome so I would assure you guys
call as dumb-dumb Inc well that's
another one of those moments like with
heart o sexuals like all of a sudden
they start calling us the Holy Trinity
and then you guys know God how
self-aggrandizing would that be I don't
know I have to be like no no and then we
were like oh and now it's like what are
you Whittier unicorns break yeah well I
have them I call me team super super
heroes and unicorns anything that's
empowering oh I love that see that
that's great but it's like if someone if
they started calling you like the most
beautiful girl in the world
all right anyone that knows this
information yeah I will I'm gonna jump
back on Twitter answer your question let
me try and call oh right
well let's do it
we should invite Tyler oh I haven't met
Tyler yeah I'm not tired
I'm going to oh he's great and I feel
like I'm gonna fall in love with Tyler
he's great I feel like I will um
fouseytube gasps i won by fouseytube
yeah the Internet by Google I know
yeah Google yeah Google might know um
okay this we got another question for
you are you a tax taken no filter so
anywhere else
aside from North America for example
English yeah dude yeah I go to hello
harto in the UK
hoping to no filter shows in the UK oh
my wine is hella hard I'm gonna go ahead
why am I not coming with you I'm gonna
go ahead and say somewhere in April you
know you want to go I do actually
we should talk so we should tell you
guys oh my god great stuff coming your
way 2014 hopefully twenty-year-old
multiculturalism okay mummification
everyone's just naming naming people no
Flula I got met as I said fluids of bad
guys I would love to get him tonight he
also is around where we are freaking
amazing if you don't know he's hilarious
I think he's so hilarious okay decades
ok - ok ok ok great did you figure it
out uh almost all right tips were
started YouTube channel ok have thick
skin because everyone will call you
names and you might have to just deal
with it also real real talk this is
advice because one of my friends asked
the same question if it ever started
YouTube channel I this is my personal
belief and you can tell me if you agree
or not hello is I personally believe you
should start a YouTube channel rooted in
passion and creativity a lot of people
started YouTube channel thinking oh get
quick get rich quick or I wanna be
famous only internet things that's not
the reason our YouTube channel your PI
if your passions not in it that will
show and they'll come across on screen
and I just you don't think we'll be as
successful
I completely agree in fact I dare say
that one of the qualities that befall
what's something that befall as many
people who are endeavouring to create
their own YouTube channel for first time
is that they are doing a voice which
isn't either a authentically theirs or
be a voice they think other people will
like so be 100% your own voice
regardless of what that voice is because
I dare say that the subscribers that you
gained from doing content that's true to
you will be subscribers that you will
also like to meet you know so it's like
if you get like 10 million subscribers
or whatever but there are people that
don't agree with you or share the same
views as you do like
worth it just to have a big number of
views or big number of subscribers I
would much rather have you know a
thousands of records who are all people
who I could actually connect with also
when you're being true to yourself with
real to yourself I do I do a lot this is
the ghetto of me coming up I'm so I'm
gonna go back to work I guess when you
are true to yourself just right it's
much less exhausting it stuns Austin
being youtuber going shows in the engi
small stuff for sure it's so great but
when you don't find an act and not be
yourself you're probably gonna get a
little bit disoriented up in this region
right now you know what I mean because
it will get overwhelming you'll probably
want to stop yeah yeah yeah miserable
and suspicion great question
also I had conversation kind of the
first time I met her and I was telling
her that I don't know if there's a
sciency reason for this but after
meeting Rita
I'm so happy during the angry side
meeting so many wonderful people I feel
so blessed and then immediately after a
meet-and-greet I feel depressed I don't
know why that is but you're saying that
happens to us all
oh yeah yeah yeah it's a well it's
actually an adrenalin though it's
chemical you like it's an adrenaline
though your highness you're smarter than
me no no it's true wait hold on I want
to try to figure this out oh please
correct the frame rate of the video to
30fps how are they talking about Hollis
who's gonna fix everything
well I just don't see how anna's fixing
everything we actually have control over
our frame rate i don't think we do do
man people don't you hate when you're
watching a live stream people are doing
stuff and you're like I can fix it let
me okay you keep going okay I'm just
gonna learn something you did you do
your stuff okay
because when I was setting it up I know
there was a thing that was oh you know
what there was a video tutorial and they
taught me how to do this it did yeah
would you go to video manager do you
know how to do it
no when you go to video manager one one
second one second y'all y'all one second
um just make nice bases today this is my
face I like licking your face you guys
have a nice face d-damn face cuz I have
faced the spray keep mine on my and
imagine that sometimes you have to face
facts and learn
that you knows more than you Thanks yeah
well happy new year do you think I
thought I knew but I know nothing I know
nothing more questions here we go
okay I'm what do you ever in the school
band I was never on the school band when
I did play trumpet in music classes you
play instruments I play clarinet mm-hmm
because that was super cool and then I
I'm a dabbler and bandra and it's a
dabbler I hate it wouldn't even call it
a hobby because I just buy them and then
I play on them sometimes what is a
Dublin up some of the dabbas what's the
what's a double this is where the
cultural barriers coming in here dabble
dabble like to be like ooh maybe I'll do
watercolors nevermind like you're just
like trying something oh hey I do my
eyeliner this way never mind
like it's dabbling you devil that's my
stripper name job yes that's because she
oh goes almost all the way Oh exactly
it's one night exactly correct oh right
here we go oh I think that this like
send out to subscribers thing is
probably just the promote to them right
where did you see something in this
video right you know what maybe it's on
the YouTube YouTube do you guys like to
dabble what are your hobbies
amateur otherwise let us know here I'm
asked to grow I'm alive you know why
like when you go to like the thing yeah
it says when you're setting it you know
watch this video and how to do it okay
oh I watch it and I don't know what that
video is though yeah and then it says
there's the thing where you can send my
such a subscribers do any of you know
maybe you go comment below letting us
know do you know how to send a message
all my subscribers so we can have more
sexy unicorns up in this sexy partay oh
yeah I'm sorry the comment so these
people are all smarter than us I mean
let's get really wrong okay okay all
right we got over 2000 you don't want to
thank all of you for coming if you're
just joining us and you're like what the
schwer is going on my name is the day I
go by super one which you probably know
because you're on my channel and this is
different from you now but this is
YouTube I thought I made more sense and
if your watch
first time in your like hey you're kind
of cool and I like you and your hair
then you should click subscribe because
I make new videos every Monday and
Thursday but if you was like who is this
hot over here this hot then you can
subscribe to Hannah's channel the links
without also in the description and your
Twitter and your Facebook and all that
jazz and you make new videos every
Tuesday Thursday Tuesday and Thursday
look at her eyes similar I know I do
Monday and Thursday Tuesday and Thursday
mine usually turn those or Tuesday
anyway so we're pretty much twinsies cuz
what that means perfect oh right take
one question on the Twitter do I ship
hard to be nice and worked big I I ship
everything I also ship everything I ship
everything ship everything should be a
shit I also should have I ever
personally Messalina Gomez no why
because I'm still alive and if I had you
would I wind up I'm Selena Gomez I
freaking love sweet what is it about
Selena Gomez at UWE whoa I think she's
so humble I think she's hot I forget
things she's for someone who's been in
each team industry since she was like 2
years old we bet she's still so classy
and so grounded and I saw it live in
concert and I feel like I have a pretty
good judge of character and she seems
very genuine ok I she's hot yeah and I
like her music yeah it's true
and she's a great actress Wizards of
Waverly Place hello hello I've learned
more about Selena Gomez and incidentally
you in the last two minutes than ever
before that's right yeah she was on
Barney she was she was one of the kids
on burning no wonder it's no oh sorry
that's okay dude thing do your thing
okay cap Dakota I guess ya know Hannah
grace taking a movie and I'm not talking
with a youtube video that's just like
Shaw in high high def flavor I'm talking
a legitimate movie that's a movie like
there are other people shooting them in
a movie they've had a script it was
really intense we had like sound people
and lighting people people makeup people
we had a director people and yeah it
really goes to show like how much and I
know that you probably shared a similar
experience
it goes to show how much goes into
shooting a single scene oh my god and
how like it's strange to me that like
actors can become arrogant because your
job is to walk out there and do it right
in the 15 minutes or 20 minutes or an
hour you have that by the way they've
been setting up that shot for the last
four hours words no no when you watch a
movie and the scene is like a minute
that we have to took a day yeah that
probably legitimately took a day because
to set up a shot is an immense amount of
work to move the cameras who the tracks
do lighting all that stuff so they made
a movie called cab dakara where can they
check out that information for Caprica
you can check it out at Camp Takota calm
the movie comes out and it's available
to be viewed on February 14th Dakota
have to go to see I am psi okay tak OTA
is how you spoke to proto and you can
check that out um February 14th which is
Valentine's Day but when you buy the
movie it's like nine ninety nine to five
movie you own the movie it's like buying
a DVD fellow canine
only not like renting it's not like
iTunes rental you've owned it now um and
it's up to you to not you know share it
all the time they maybe just buy it yeah
yeah I think you should if you haven't
seen the trailer you can have it onto
Hannah's to see the trailer and the
edited trailer that she also released
which is I think to say the least
yes so make sure you check that out cuz
all about supporting people probably
also running into you too game one thing
you should probably know is that the
YouTube community is actually awesome
and I'm learning this even more now that
I'm Ella in LA
oh you kind of Alec I've only been
valley today's I love it mostly because
there's a palm tree outside oh yes yes
and YouTube community a lot of people
think like we're very competitive and
very cutthroat no we we're very friendly
i tides raised on ships yeah and you'll
notice that because when one youtuber
anyone
and honestly may need a helping hand all
other youtubers jump on that and help
them YouTube outcomes not just quick
quicker I love it yeah I'm gonna show
let me do this
gave me that mission of oh do you like
that kind of what do you want uija nice
I would let you pick I don't make me
think about it I keep it I've really
they also see yeah you can see those
Justin's I don't think it's see the
adjustments I just did I know that I
take a DD adjusted oh no no you pick one
I can't go to war for a second okay
that's kind of was it because it's a
feel-good word it is yeah anyone for a
little while okay okay let's do it we're
doing it okay let's let's get some
ridiculous silly awkward questions okay
I want to answer those ridiculous
questions asked number one ridiculous
questions guys let's do it sighs no one
doesn't say no I kind of did I make you
lie but here we go
right oh wow have you ever personally
met Selena Gomez
oh that's gives a picture of us okay
let's take a picture real quick we're
gonna do a pose and can I be you I'll be
wearing a tweet is what you have you're
wearing a tank top
hello wait huh how do you do you think
oh this is gonna be good accident
you
