what about when it's a girl superwoman
ends up Los Angeles
are you budget not anymore because I am
in you so last week I made a video
called stages of a relationship and in
the comment that one was like make a
video called stages of a breakup and I'm
like okey-dokey smokey but I'm gonna be
real with you okay I haven't experienced
a breakup
since entourage ended so I might be a
little rusty but without fail this is
sort of what every breakup looks like
Stage one the cookie dough days now this
is when your breakup is fresh okay your
feelings are hella hurt look at me
saying hella like I'm from California
I'm such a wannabe
I mean you're more upset than Miley
Cyrus's publicist after her VMA
performance you don't know how to live
symptoms include sitting and lying in
Duras positions in various places
listening to various sad songs
medication chocolate-chip cookie dough
and or wine possibly mixed together
while wearing sweatpants and a ripped
t-shirt what there are no standards in
this stage now the duration of stage one
can last anywhere from 1 to 14 days
depending on the severity for example if
you just broke up with the booty call
and you want particularly fond of okay
allow 24 hours but you might have to
allow like 14 days if someone left you
at the altar
on fire or the holy book or the Chamber
of Secrets I don't know wherever you get
married stage to loss of self-esteem
aka loser now this stage is when you
just walk bottom this is when you're
desperate to get your baby back and it
doesn't matter what the breakup was
about because you're heartbroken and
horny so biggie cheat on you did she
play you it doesn't matter because
you're gonna ignore all that inside the
text symptoms you lose her self-control
hello baby take me back no no we're not
doing this we are not doing this I am
not picking up your calls anymore girl I
miss you I told you I'm not picking up
your calls anymore why do you keep
calling why don't keep calling when I
keep saying I'm not gonna pick up your
phone call I'm not gonna pick up your
phone call
baby just listen to me no no give me
when I say we are go never just say
another ever don't say ever again to
Amber getting back together
what do you want medication throw your
damn phone out the window that is the
only way duration 5 to 15 texts if you
use a lot of emoticons than 10 to 20 or
until your sadness turns into anger
which leads us to stage 3 the rage stage
this is when you become so sad that your
sadness turns into delusional anger and
you convince yourself that this is good
this situation is amazing and you want
nothing to do with your ex in fact you
hate all exes you don't want to hear
about exes okay you won't even eat
Trixie really you won't even play
tic-tac-toe you won't even see
Wolverines sexy face okay because he's
just another x-men and the symptoms are
we're all too familiar with this bad
mouthing to your friends not even
trippin down dirty hose coming they go
in a seven eight ish whatever honestly
he was such a bad kisser anyways but
that's what's up you know what I mean I
just hit it and then I quit it and I
even do my two weeks notice what why
what why cuz I'm a bad mom yeah it was
so weird he was all just like
who ever see you in the mornings
remember that scene from Jurassic Park
where that pterodactyl is about to chill
that's what she looks like she just wake
up my good morning baby she's a like why
are you doing that with your face I
don't get it are you kissing me or are
you giving birth to your concrete
you're disgusting no but you know real
talk you know her boobs are fake right
mmm and one time we were dirty dancing
and he farted what I knew in playing
that's why she can't go on
rollercoasters
yeah it's not because she's scared no
it's because one might just come on
knock her out in the head not me and
don't get me wrong I'm a good person
like usually I don't dance and tell but
like I couldn't breathe should be donkey
man I knocked out cold that's it
emergency he has to take medication for
it because his farts smell that bad you
should tell everyone
yeah I'm not playing googling right now
it's called TV drama she has that he's
stupid she's dumb
he's stupid I hate and she so dumb
smelly idiot poo poo stink fart idiot
and you're using all types of quotes in
your tweets and Facebook statuses such
as losing someone who doesn't respect
you is actually a game not a loss oh and
in this stage of your woman your anthem
is Beyonce single ladies
and if your man who's all about French
Montana anywhere by night guy worry
about it and this leads to stage four
though Oh miss docile can rebound stag
not this stage is an extension of stage
three because you're still angry but
inevitably you have a little space in
your heart that you need to fill let
you'll never admit that you miss your ex
so what do you do you fill that hole
with what any healthy person would fill
it with random strangers hot guys meet
at the club that hot creepy kind of
weird go from Facebook that person over
there you're kind of cute
I'm not really sure with that haircut
whose boy or a girl but once I find out
I'm gonna be on you you go to a phase
where you flirt with anyone and
everything why because you can Jersey
Shore is not your life Manuel Hey look
around him that I just met come over
here here's my number okay call me some
dog that I
Appaji real quick Instagram door at 12
captions on standby including sometimes
smiling is the best revenge
duration as long as it takes you to
realize that all these quick fix booty
calls are actually horrendous and most
importantly that lighting in the club
can be deceiving because with a little
bit of strobe lighting and a few shots
of vodka everybody looks good
ain't that a lesson we all learn Stage
five the relapse now at this point
you're likely going to relax and turn
into a hot mess again
symptoms include Facebook stalking
anything to discover that your ex is not
happier than you all you want in life
right now is to discover that your ex
has herpes
or that he got fired from her job or
that she got cheated on as well or he
accidentally got his sister pregnant
that's all I want am I asking for too
much because don't be crazy okay they
cannot be happier than you you would
this guy dude is that you with this guy
or he's supposed to be DS because he has
a six-pack and old arm that he's lifting
that car okay she's hot because she's a
model okay so she has a photo shoot what
I okay yeah right okay oh so she's an
actress
oh what a Ferrari supposed to be better
than my heart nah nah okay yeah yeah
yeah yeah take it easy man you go what's
this what's this huh
oh just or you have a fever I'm a mother
apid King and if you find out that they
are happy well then you can take a
little walk back to the rage stage you
know what that's like either not this
doesn't even bother me but whatever
until finally you reach stage 6
no ting now this is when you're just
exhausted of drowning and sinking so you
swim back up to the surface this is when
you realize you know what this is the
situation you accept it you understand
that it's okay to be heartbroken and
when the time is right you will find
that special someone and most
importantly you realize that you don't
need someone else to be happy you can be
happy yourself and to be honest many
people don't ever
tane stage six stop you're experiencing
a breakup baby listen listen listen head
on over to stage six because you're
awesome I get it sucks
I get it sucks trying to hold your face
right now but gummy come to stage sexy
we have the cookies real talks anyone's
going to a breakup I know it sucks but
you'll get through it I promise it we're
all here for you so comment below so we
can hug your face astronomic sure you
rate comment and click that subscribe
button because I do making videos every
Monday and Thursday and don't forget
tomorrow is the 14th which means they'll
be ask Superman livestream and rumor has
it that Hannah Hart will be joining me
and by rumor I mean fact so see you
tomorrow I love superwoman that is a
wrap and it was stuff you want this head
see this head right here yeah
it is you want this hat what you waiting
for triple double unicorn island I see a
frog Vishal super merchandise son
