you need a slinky today what everyone
else is making a lot of noise what about
still still whatever wants a girl
superwoman and I'm on Facebook and asked
what your faces wanna see today on super
Thursday a lot of people said kids back
then versus kids now and I'm like what
snap crackle pop I can't help to think
that's because most of y'all know you're
hot as a mess just kidding
now I'd like to do these type of videos
because I know I'm probably older than a
few of you out there and I don't want to
come across like I'm nagging you but I
thought I would just take one for the
team and represent the 90s for a quick
second so if you're my age IQ no mid 20s
aren't you know what it whatever you are
the noise let's take a walk down memory
lane and if you're younger then you just
might be kinda confused enjoy guns back
in my day the only gun that was cool was
orange and I'd shoot it at my TV screen
to kill some FN ducks okay and because
there was only like max two ducks on the
screen at a time my skills weren't that
advanced today kids have all types of
guns I know probably cuz like Rick Ross
told him it was cool and they shoot real
people and thanks to things like Call of
Duty you must believe that if a kid
wants to shoot you
they ain't missing no targets okay they
probably shoot you off snapchatting the
whole thing
listening to their beats by dre school
dances back in my day at a school dance
all the girls would be against one wall
and all the boys would be against
another wall because we would be too shy
to talk to each other it'd be maybe like
in the last song that a boy would have
the courage to come up to me and be like
hi do you want to dance with me and then
we would already be like hey
oh yeah it doesn't happen in today grade
sixes be bumping and grinding on each
other no questions asked like girls just
be chillin whatever on her cell phone
guy comes up on behind she just said
okay bends over and he just said yeah
yeah cool what's up what's up grabbing
her all types thing she's pushing back
on him everyone's having a good time
ain't nobody asking any questions I even
think I was that kid yo girl can I
borrow your cell phone call my mom she'd
be like boy you know my minutes okay
don't be rude
you kids are nasty wrecking balls you
know where I'm gonna go with this one
when I was a kid the only time I ever
saw a wrecking ball was when I was
trying to escape it in Super Mario you
know exactly what I'm talking about I'm
just cruising all of a sudden oh damn
and it's money oh no poor people these
days may be riding the damn thing that
you know that would never fly in Mario
okay Miley because Mario would never
even try to save the princess if you
were just sitting on the dad I can Bob
naked I mean Bowser wouldn't even try to
steal you Bowser just put whoo oh my god
dad this is easy you messing with the
bread system okay and my system I mean
Nintendo 64 when things had wires I
already know you kids cheap these days
and my friend was beating guys time plug
his controller like how do you possibly
interfere with the friends control of
easy as I grab a baby monitor or cell
phone start interfering with the
reception like I don't get it it's so
complicated
saddle horn when I was in elementary
school I never pocket-dialed any of my
friends because I didn't have a cell
phone but when I did get a cell phone in
high school I still didn't talk about
any of my friends why because my butt
cheek wasn't able to open my phone and
accidentally die but today no no no wait
sevens be accidentally pocket-dialing
their boyfriends during recess while
smoking some crack because their
Lululemon pants are too tight in the
pockets you need to relax my friend the
Internet today when a girls see
something on Facebook that's interesting
she just like oh my god it's a calm
Angela know did you see this on Facebook
let's talk about it before ours back in
my day I remember the very first time
one of my friends messaged me on MSN and
he put an emoticon and I was like what
the f is this where did this come we be
right back
click click get
maybe maybe the girl Anderson has
pictures you can use pictures when you
need to get online right now okay I'll
meet you there click click click how
much is these emoticons I'll wait till I
sign on right now emoticon all over this
right okay
mm-hmm ringing off break I need to start
over
that's night kids you call it dubstep I
call it connecting to the internet like
don't be ridiculous using the phone and
Internet at the same time this ain't
Inspector Gadget okay profile pictures
when I was a kid my profile pictures
were always ugly okay why because when I
took a picture I couldn't see it right
away it was just like okay you ready
ready
oh sorry phones on hold on sick
we'll have you profile pictures by next
week these days is like oh bam bam bam
bam bio freaking Photoshop a little bit
more cleavage in there Valencia that put
some Walden on that ish blur on my
pajamas BAM uploaded already has 17
likes birthdays when I was younger at 12
o'clock on the door on my birthday I
began 5060 calls from everyone my
friends my family my classmates just
ring-ring-ring
feeling love but these days fuck o'clock
kids I don't get any phone calls in fact
my closest friends don't even call me
they'll tweet me a cake emoticon like I
an even worth 140 characters I'm sitting
there twelve o'clock listening to sad
songs questioning my life like why
nobody loved me calling friends hello
miss how are you may I please speak to
Kelly okay thank you
but these days y'all call me text me
Doug I snapped I'd you rolled your my
Facebook message gotta keep me yo let's
FaceTime now you wanna Skype you're
listening to music you don't play that
song again a song with sick I Oh
oh why can't we just done rewinding out
my listen to this time forever what up
t-shirt reference see how I slowed down
the reference that was a rap these days
your bro don't worry but I made a
playlist of 500 songs so I don't forget
about we play Assassin's Creed and
there's a million more examples if I
forgot any please comment below because
I would love to read them also as some
of you may know or may not know because
you don't care which is fair I'll be
going to LA for 21 days this Sunday and
I'm so excited and terrified but if you
want to join me on my adventure make
sure you subscribe to my vlog channel
which is my second channel all that
information is in the description and he
can do the bike yeah astronomically you
read comment and click that subscribe
button because I do make new videos
every Monday and Thursday one love
superwoman that is a wrap end it's kind
of equivalent to when you would like
poke your toe into the water
you know contestant is it warm is it
cold do I want to dive in more
importantly does he have crabs Connor
Maslin
I'm gonna jump off this boat okay ready
this is you guys you got it
