grayza hair what if I wanted to girl so
: and it's come to my attention that
everyone and their mothers are getting
engaged getting married or some ish like
that like straight up all happened
deactivate Facebook just to maintain my
mental stability in situation so for
everyone who's not getting married okay
I made this video right here called
stages of a relationship because let's
be real
half of us would have no relationship if
it hit us in the head guess he just
wants to be friends
stage one poking and no it's not what
you think it is okay get your mind out
of the gutter basically poking is public
communication that takes place on social
media and although it doesn't happen
like to too frequently it happens more
than you would talk to like a random
stranger it's kind of equivalent when
you would like poke your toe and you you
can't see my toe it's kind of equivalent
to when you would like poke your toe
into the water
you know protests it is a warm is it
cold do I want to dive in more
importantly does he have crabs all of
that except on the internet going
through all of his pictures commenting
on all of us stop tweeting him poking
him on Facebook if people still do that
let's just say your communication is
just one giant notification stage to
private poking still not what you think
you are dirty bloody nasty now this
stage consists of that same virtual
communication but now it's private so
I'm talking Facebook messages d-ends
okay I'm talking text to messages what
and every single time without fail that
you receive a notification that this
person's message you your panties
getting an extreme bunch now let's be
real it's too early so you don't really
know what your intentions are but you
just got another notification therefore
you're pretty much jay-z Beyonce I'm so
crazy enough more crazy here
okay emoticons are key in stage two
because half of your communication is
emoticons because any girl can send a
message moving by I know basic home okay
I'm about to paint a picture
I'm an artist
stage 3 call me maybe now eventually one
of you is gonna make that move instead
of sending a message you're gonna pick
up the phone and call the other person
and chances are if you are the person
receiving this phone call this will be a
reaction hello pump goodbye I mean hello
we all do it and that's it from this
point on phone conversations are today
and now you're realizing holy crap this
person has a voice and I am hearing the
emoticons oh my god
hearing all the emoticons Stage four
dating tonight telling going out and
you're like oh my god I'm seeing all the
emoticons in person because this person
only has a voice but they apparently
also have a face now this stage in
relationship is usually gifts galore I'm
talking roses little toys crappy jewelry
basically all that stuff that's cute
butts actually just useless and this is
all the stuff that we have leftover from
every relationship just scattered
throughout our rooms now I need you to
listen to me carefully okay because at
this point in the relationship two
things can happen number one is you can
get a teddy bear or number two you can
get a build-a-bear there is a big
difference for those of you who live
under an effing Boulder and don't know
what a build-a-bear is it's basically
customizable bear you can make for
someone and you can pick its clothes you
can pick its name you can pick to put a
heart in it with us personalized message
you can make it smell a certain way it's
basically if Cupid gave birth to a bear
it would be this there it's full of
emotions and love and so much now if you
get a teddy bear on cue but if you get a
build-a-bear in stage 4 yeah you just a
- Tom - hold on you open your purse just
take off some red lipstick and be like
why so serious okay because this stage
for and you suffocating me Stage five
label maker this stage could be
summarized by our good friend Madhuri
Dixit
aka all the hell am I to you what are we
a couple
are we not a couple am I just a booty
call do I actually want a relationship
with you or am I just actually
frustrated all the time are you seeing
other people you're more confused than
you were while watching inception for
the first time just like what the hell
is going on Mitchell died in Titanic aka
what the Shema what up t-shirt reference
mmm-hmm and therefore stage five these
two the talk would you discuss and
establish are you exclusive to each
other which means that you ain't slappin
anyone else's booty or you hadn't want
to just go with the flow and evaluate
your options just means everybody
booties getting slapped up in here
assuming that you'll become exclusive
okay proceed to stage six stage six the
love song now this is where all the love
eww shoppin so he didn't call me back
but that's okay I know he's busy and
he's my boo oh she didn't call me even
though she knows all the sick it's okay
she's my baby girl and yes in stage six
builder bears are completely acceptable
in fact all personalized gifts are
encouraged especially engravable goods
now as far as I'm concerned ain't no two
people a couple and lets you exchange
some in Greg dish leg straight up you
can engrave your peepee and her all you
off unless she has a bracelet with her
name on it
ain't nothing official want to put your
name on her as well go ahead you want to
put our special date on the back of that
tool even better okay
more for me to cry about when you break
up what who said that number seven the
reality check now this is where the
lovey-dovey phase is kind of fading now
don't get me wrong you still love each
other but sometimes you hate each other
and as tide progresses for no apparent
reason you start to not trust each other
she's questioning you he's getting
jealous where you going who you going
with and this is where the breaches of
privacy take place don't you know
exactly what I'm talking about
the question what's your Facebook
password
what's your facebook password won't you
please
sure what's your Twitter password what's
your password why can't you tell me are
you hiding something from me Oh God the
asking of the password let me type I'd
rather give someone the blueprint of my
genetic makeup okay then give someone
the password for my iPhone like straight
up F and clone me okay but you ain't
going through my photo album but don't
get it twisted okay I'm not hiding
anything okay but that doesn't mean I
don't need some privacy
because yeah sometimes my girlfriend
send me new pictures of Adam moving
Oh what that's my fault I need to get no
jealous over this stop stage a the fug
snug not this stage is when you're just
so comfortable with each other that
you're just cuddling in bed okay
eating some good food and he's all like
a babe I think you drop some salt on the
bed and you're like nah that's my legs
because straight up in stage 8 what is a
razor
I ain't shaving my legs for you and
that's it's like Valentine's Day your
birthday or unless I like washed or
Rihanna music video and I'm feeling
frisky and just the same you haven't
shaved your face for weeks okay so now
when I kiss you it looks like I made out
with a porcupine it's all good we're
going out well hell I'm gonna wear this
outfit for the 10th time even though
you've seen it because it's convenient
farting burping that bar of standards
just lowering like we're playing limbo
up in this joint in other words you can
be F and ugly and so snuggle the fuck
snug and to be honest that's pretty much
it because anything after staging is
like long-term commitment rings and
ceremonies and a whole bunch of ish I
just ain't familiar with this part I'm
concerned after level eight you just
reached Bowser's Castle and it's like
death from that point on but hey if you
liked this video click the link in the
description to share it also make sure
you rate comment and click that
subscribe button because I do make new
videos every Monday and Thursday one
love superwoman that is a wrap and Zoop
what's your name so my full name is
Forney
it's actually no no that's not happening
you'd real last name but that is
knowledge what when is your birthday
am I supposed what so stars I know no
pity party write this down
you're gonna do a sample if it matches
so we all have to take off our shoes and
obviously I'm prepared for this because
I'm a lady
you
