what everyone it's your girl superwoman
and this is my last video 2013 and if
you're anything like me you're sitting
there right now being like what dosh but
what the hell did it become December
because I swear it feels like this year
just flew by
and although superwoman and Lilly are
pretty much the same person I thought
for this last video of the year
I would just take off the Cape a little
bit and be just Lilly so hi those of you
who have been following me over the year
probably know that this year has been
quite the emotional roller coaster for
me in just so many ways the year started
off super super rough when my
grandfather√≠s slash Nanaji slash friend
slash best hugger in the world passed
away on New Year's Eve and those of you
who have seen any of my videos with him
know that were super super close so that
was very devastating for me to start the
new year like that but I'm a big
believer in picking yourself back up so
I picked myself back up and literally
from January to right now my life has
just changed in every way possible
this year in particular I feel like I've
been blessed with so many opportunities
that I just straight-up changed my life
and I would never be the same and I am
so confused and grateful and thankful
and an array of emotions like literally
last night true story I swear to God
last night I was lying in bed awake and
I was like what where am I how is this
my life I don't know how I got here and
I just lined their way because literally
I'm looking at all of you and all of
this and before I started making YouTube
videos I was just this little depressed
girl who didn't know what to do in life
and didn't want to have a life and now I
have so much in my life and um I don't
know I don't get it and for someone
who's always very oh my boss and I have
emotions I thought I just take this
opportunity to say thank you um teaching
everyone of you for being here and
supporting me and thank you to my
friends and family if you're watching
this I know you're used to seeing me not
on a camera but you're seeing me on a
camera and you're like she's such a
clown thank you for your love and
support honestly I would not be here
without you
and I just want to take this moment
although it makes no sense hoping that
maybe in heaven there would be a YouTube
I have to say that as crazy as it sounds
I do believe that a lot of the blessings
from this year are because
Nanaji is watching down on me because I
can honestly say that from the moment
he's left and that door closed you
opened up 50 more for me so thank you if
you're watching in heaven and it's
really just I don't know what to say I
am NOT a boss right now I am an
emotional wreck right now and thank you
for everything you've given me this year
and I don't dot dot we talked about this
you're 24 cheese gonna be bigger and
better so here's a little bit of what
you can expect in 2014
I'm gonna be traveling a lot more and
because I can't fit all of you into my
carry-on I decided to start a new series
on my second channel called super stamp
so make sure you check that out the
first episode is already out you can
expect many more of those travel vlogs
in 2014 and in general I'll be doing a
lot more vlogs on that channel so make
sure you check it out that link is in
the description just my random thoughts
and just when I don't want to put all
this grand production into a video that
is this speaking of grand production in
2014 I'm gonna be buying some lighting
for my videos because right now I use an
Ikea desk lamp and that's why it's so
sucky I've also been super super super
blessed to meet and become friends with
so many entertainers and youtubers that
I and fans of an I look up to and so you
can expect a lot more collaborations
with some amazing people in 2014 and of
course as always just like 2013 you can
expect many more positive vibes a lot of
chilling on Unicorn island lastly this
is just update that On January 12th I'm
actually taking the plunge I've rented
an apartment in LA for 21 days I'm going
there literally not knowing anything
never been there and thrusting myself
into an uncomfortable situation to do
one thing one thing only that is to meet
awesome people so you can join me on
that journey January 12th February 1st I
will be in LA exploring meeting people
making videos and living life so I'll be
sure to take you on that journey as well
so stay tuned for that but for now I'm
going to shut up because although I
don't talk about emotions a lot when I
do talk about emotions I become a total
girl about it
quiet no more put it away use a boss and
I thought we could end this here by
looking at all the accomplishments that
team super has had over this year so
enjoying this little montage of
awesomesauce and once again I want to
say from the bottom of my heart thank
you so much for such an amazing 2013 um
and I know you hope that in the new year
I continue to make you smile and that
you come home after a long day and maybe
my videos make you laugh that's all I
really want
having said that have a very happy and
safe new year and if you don't have any
plans which you probably don't because
we all procrastinate don't worry about
it because I've learned that it's not
about where you are or what you're doing
it's focal year with so have a very
happy new years and I will see you in
2014 well
one love superwoman 2013 that is a wrap
and thank you so much again I'm a bard
in my heart for supporting me in 2012
and I can only promise you in 2013 I
mean bigger and better with bigger
projects and merchandise and of course
every Monday and Thursday we don't have
a cesky party
yo you got no heart beat a little
like a dump and it's gonna you
can you hear it
when she come up in the culture please
enough dad
okay can she save
till eternity
- you got my
g17
to egrtf
get me running around shutting me down
got your guy gonna slap coming out of my
zone hanging on a brown my guitars my
only friend so that's a wrap of your
first ever film this is your first
trailer you're crazy
that's right you can download the
official seafood Apple iPhone and
Android has audio videos for all records
officially release my own merchandise
wrong I teach you nothing pop toaster
hoodies everything to make you chuckle
ah ee duck unicorn I got it
beat
let's go
Oh
don't let go of my hand
cuz you lift me up from out of the
shadows shadows it's time to shine your
light just call my live from out of the
shadows
yeah
oh shit
yeah
me too
Oh
yeah
