how effing jealous are you what if
everyone is a girl superwoman and it's
that time of year again New Year's Eve
is right around the corner which means
we're all gonna sit down reflect pull
out a pen and paper and write down ten
lies that we're gonna convince ourselves
are gonna happen I mean it's the first
day of a year in fact the first day of
anything our brain gets a little bit
delusional and likes to try to convince
us that we are better than we actually
are
first day at school this year I'm gonna
study harder on a first date I promise
this time I am NOT gonna get attached
first day getting my new iPhone I
promise I'm not gonna drop you in the
toilet this time first kiss movin that's
it first kiss kissing that's all I'm
doing I'm not going any further 20
minutes later commence walk of shame it
happens it's okay but having said all
that I continuously partake in this
tradition and this year is no exception
so I thought I'd share with you like
2014 New Year's resolution so that if
you ever see me breaking them you can
slap these two pimples right off my face
number one and honestly this is my
resolution every year every month every
day I walk out of Pizza Hut and that is
to get in shape and buy in shape I
preferably mean not a circle now don't
get me wrong I'm all for different
shapes and sizes and I'm not saying that
I need to get in shape because I feel I
have to look a certain way no no I'm
saying get in shape because I'm simply
not fit I'm the type of person who walks
up a flight of stairs and has to take a
nap it's a problem like if I was in The
Hunger Games and I had all the weapons I
would still die I should be like oh sure
I just feel like getting in shape would
help my stamina would help my
performance is on stage the more jumping
around everywhere and I will just help
my general health because right now if
you cut me literally cut me butter will
come out because popcorn is my daddy
Betty Crocker is my mommy and mint and
Jerry be my boys like don't get it
twisted okay I'm free-spirited by my
arteries be hella restricted number two
and I promise I'm soul girl I
and the absolute worst at picking up my
phone returning phone calls and
responding to text messages and it's not
that I don't like people he will accept
sometimes but it's not always the case
just stop my phone beeps more than my
freaking fire alarm when my mom's
cooking Indian food it's just constantly
going off oh it's so aggravating to deal
with but having said that it's not cool
to ignore people so I'm gonna try to
change that especially on whatsapp I
don't even want people to see a double
check mark so I'm such a jerk while I'm
doing an open message I have some sort
of nerve I mean to open your message I
just ignored I swear to God my whatsapp
has more single check marks in the Nike
store I'm a jerk I apologize
number three clearly I am a tomboy but
believe it or not I have some really
girly tendencies that you probably don't
even know about
for example I'm extremely picky about
two things that is my eyebrows and my
nails and let's just take a quick look
shall we nails crusty uneven and curry
stained my eyebrows okay first of all
let's just take the S out of the
equation because I have one I don't know
who I think I am going on my nails and
eyebrows looking like a horror movie so
in 2014 my resolution is to have two
eyebrows and to get my nails did like
mark my words I swear in 2014 my nails
are looking fierce like it's Halloween
and my nails are dressing is Beyonce
just random I drop a surprise albums by
them be amazing number four now this is
one that you've heard over and over and
over again and I'm gonna say it one more
time
and in 2014 I am going to try to release
my videos on time and I know you've
heard this before but right now I'm just
tired of fulfilling that Brown
stereotype of always being late because
it's selfish and it's rude it is I mean
imagine like mother nature carry her
business how I release my videos
hey this is mother nature and I know
your periods late but I've just been
really busy you know
yeah the new Hunger Games movie came out
and just I've been really caught up with
that yeah either that or you're pregnant
okay enjoy number four I'm kidding
that's all I'm making let's be real I'm
chaining that much but I'm curious to
know what are your
Solutions of 2014 comment below and let
me know and make sure you rate comment
and click that subscribe button because
I do make new videos every Monday and
Thursday so go ahead and do that go
ahead and do that your resolution right
now should you to support me go right
now right up
okay thanks one love superwoman that is
a wrap and swaggy hey I hope you enjoyed
that video as per usual you can click
right there for my last video also click
right there for my second channel slash
my vlog channel because I'll be posting
vlogs from all of my travels within the
next few days so make sure you go there
and click Subscribe and watch my vlogs
and stuff so just to recap first channel
second channel first channel second
channel subscribe you're being
brainwashed be happy subscribe comment
like
each Skittles behave
