manneguda piranhas what if everyone's a
girl superwoman and growing up I always
have to go to these Christmas assemblies
during the holiday season to sing
Christmas carols now me being an indian
kid i grew up listening to their belly
so i usually didn't know any of the
lyrics of the carols and to be honest i
feel like one of the major reasons that
i didn't know the lyrics to any
Christmas carols because I personally
felt like didn't resonate or relate with
me or to me and my life because I grew
up in the ghetto and to be honest
reflecting back on my life if it was up
to me to write the lyrics to Christmas
carols they would sound something like
this
jingle bells police yells hands behind
your back I shot my gat and sniff some
crack all didn't see that in the car
behind bars now my life is drama but
it's okay now I won't have to pay my
wretched baby mama whoo I saw Mommy
Kissing Santa Claus underneath the leaky
roof last night
my mom's ugly Cole sent us decking off
her holes I can't wait to look at this
story I'll see you three weeks on Maury
Manji the uncle was a creepy little man
with one eyebrow and a beer belly and
stains on his banana bungee the uncle is
a legend not a fool
he's made of snow buddy walked in it 10
miles just for school and mangie uncle
didn't even have some shoes he walked
barefoot and I've heard this story since
the age of two melt already I
Mara so kajam bottom up up bum bum bum
and there's a Tessa bad but a bubble bum
bum bum a stranger touched my bum bar up
a bum bum bum bum and it is Friday let's
have fun fun fun fun fun below the big
nose and be had a very big big mouth and
if she ever saw you that's all she were
talking about all of the other undies
will start to laugh and call you names
cuz beloved below auntie put your family
name to shame she saw you on that
Christmas Eve kissing your boyfriend she
took a picture on her phone and sent it
to your mom at home my first period I
remember the day my stomach hurt and I
cried as I lay now I need to buy pads
cuz I need them every month and I will
eat chocolate and yell for fun and these
are just a few examples I mean don't you
remember the lyrics to songs better when
the lyrics relate to you why do you
think I know all the words to I'm sexy
and I know it
having said that happy holidays and
Merry Christmas to everyone who
celebrates big day a birth of Jesus
Christ and y'all do Christmas real big
like Isuprel people we're not too
familiar with celebrating birthdays that
big just because you know if we cut down
a tree and decorated it every time a god
goddess or guru was born there would be
no more forests also if you haven't
checked it out yet I released a surprise
video yesterday it's called super
Christmas surprise Secret Santa you can
click right
check it out it's basically me going
around and surprising some of my biggest
fans it's absolutely awesome
and heartwarming and overwhelming so if
you want to see that and experience some
Christmas joy you can click right there
other than that make sure you rate
comment and click that subscribe button
because I'm making videos every Monday
and Thursday although this week you
might catch some surprises because this
stuff it's the hohoho one love
superwoman that is a wrap and Zoop
