I missed you all what everyone's a
girl's soap woman hi how you doing I
think you know it's been to three years
so yours I might as well start using my
psychology degree so welcome to what
Instagram pictures really mean what imma
do is break it down with you types of
Instagram pictures and what they
actually mean you ready are you ready
are you ready
number one the silly face just look at
me I'm light hearted and I clearly have
a great personality I mean how could I
not look how fun I am the sexy face now
let's be real you're a girl you took
this picture you were listening to
Beyonce if you're a guy you were
listening to Usher you were listening to
something that convinced you that you
were sexy enough to do this and even
though this is the 25th time I took this
picture because the last 24 look like I
was a Hunchback of Notre Dame it doesn't
matter because I want you to think I
look this sexy all the time though I'm
famous look at me I randomly saw the
celebrity in the airport chase them down
stop them and then begged them from
picture and now I'm posing with them and
chances are my caption is oh just
hanging out when really this person
doesn't know I exist
but because of this I'm hoping you think
I'm now better and more well-connected
than you puppy love I took this picture
fifty five times because the last fifty
four pictures this dog was moving so
much that it looked like Exorcist just
got out right up above but now I have
this one picture where the dog is
looking at me and look it loves me
therefore I am now more loved than you
minor detail this dog isn't mine the
beach pic basically I'm at the beach
today and I'm aware that every picture I
take is gonna look phenomenal so be
prepared to see my feet next to the
water my feet in the sand you're writing
messages in the sand he taking selfies
in my sunglasses and although this is a
rare occurrence I want to make it seem
like I'm always at the beach of course
the message the beach is part of my
everyday life so yeah I'm at the beach
proceed to double tap with extreme
jealousy because my life is vacation
sleepy selfies pictures of me sleeping
that I took but
I want to make it seem like someone else
took the picture of me because I don't
want to make it seem like I'm sleeping
alone on top of that I want to make it
seem like someone else thinks I'm so
cute that they had to take a picture of
me while I'm sleeping furthermore I want
to create the illusion that I looks so
sexy even while I'm sleeping so what you
need to now do is not question who took
the picture or how the picture was taken
which is DoubleTap to validate me
possibly the most popular food porn
let's be real right now okay this
cheesecake is the highlight of my crappy
day and I don't want you to know that my
life sucks so this wonderfully plated
cheesecake is gonna convince you that my
life is fabulous even though in
actuality I'm in fact miserable
depressed and lonely and chances are the
only thing that's gonna hug me today are
those calories
not after I fool you with this
cheesecake another popular one the old
to dip or the Putin it outfit of the day
outfit of the night chances are you
bought in your clothes and plan this up
for like five hours took several several
Instagram pictures to make it look
fabulous but I want you to think I have
amazing fashion sense look at me I have
pretty clothes and you should dress just
like me and in fact I am so good at
counting elephants that I am aware that
once I posted this picture on Instagram
I can never wear it again in public but
that's okay that don't even faze me
because I'm that good I'm gonna make six
more outfits okay and I should be your
inspiration
exqueeze me I am Fashion Week in human
form candid pictures even though I could
this picture myself I want to make it
seem like my friends and the people
surrounding me love me so much that they
just casually take pictures of me while
I do things and I quints identity just
look fabulous and happy and all of them
because that is who I am as a person a
meme so someone have pissed me off okay
and this rude witty hilarious meme is
indirectly towards them because this is
real I'm too mature and too much of a
dolt to directly insult someone online
so instead I'm gonna post this meme and
you should just know it's about you you
should DoubleTap now because I am
clearly the bigger person positive and
encouraging quotes they're younger
so piss me off but like I'm over it now
because duh I'm awesome battle feeling
they might think I still care about them
so I'm gonna post this positive
encouraging quote just to indicate to
them that I'm over you
because hi clearly I'm happy and you
shouldn't turn now feel stupid hashtag
just say hashtag happy hashtag I am the
best smoking pictures even though my
friend took twenty pictures in the last
ten seconds to capture all the smoke I
want you to think that this is casual of
course I'm surrounded by smoke I'm
mysterious and mystic like that I want
you to think that even though my lungs
are ugly I am sexy no matter what just
look at my face and all the smoke insta
collages now what I'm showing you is so
fabulous that you need to see it many
times and from several different angles
because I know you saw my outfit right
but I need to know did you specifically
see my shoes what about my watch if not
I need to show them to you and okay I
know you saw me and my friends posing
but I need you to know we also posed in
different clothes and sometimes he posed
like this but sometimes we pose like
Charlie's Angels and last but not least
I know you know I have a boyfriend
because I posted a picture with him but
I need you to also know we take pictures
when he kisses my cheek and we hold hand
it is vital that you know all of this
information the car selfie so basically
I'm in a car right now and I can't help
but notice that the Sun is doing amazing
things for my skin right now so I'm just
gonna take a selfie really casually just
like in a car you're chilling oh my god
I'm so late but really need to pay
attention to how flawless my skin and
face is looking are you paying attention
because I just posted a selfie for no
reason view pictures I just woke up in
this amazing place in this hotel across
the world somewhere and I woke up to
this phenomenal view and I need you to
know about it because if you think I'm
amazing first thing in the morning then
I'm gonna think I'm amazing and I'm
gonna live the rest of my day thinking
goddamn I am so important
so really the purpose of this pictures
for you to validate me that you think I
am already the person that I want to be
because I'm fantastic
I mean if I wasn't why would I be waking
up to this view pictures of tickets I'm
talking boarding passes sporting events
concert tickets a little Jersey drink
this is basically me foreshadowing that
I'm gonna flood your timeline all the
amazing experiences I'm about to take
part in even though my plan for tomorrow
scratching my butt and possibly shaving
my leg
I want you to think that tomorrow I'm
drinking champagne on an airplane I mean
at least one of us should think my life
is amazing my personal favorite traffic
pictures now the actuality of the
situation is that I woke up late and now
it's rush hour and now I'm stuck in
traffic because I'm an idiot that I want
you to think oh my God look at her her
life is so busy her life must be so hard
and she's so stressed oh my God look at
her stuck in all this traffic and so
much going on and in turn I should
admire her and as a result you should
double time because these are just a few
reasons as to why I should be your Idol
the mirror selfie see now this is a
special type of selfie this is a type of
selfie when you look so good and you
want everyone to see that a normal
selfie for the shoulders up we're just
not cut cuz your outfit looks so damn
sexy that you want everyone to see your
complete body and this is basically me
saying hey I know 99.9 percent of the
time I look like a butthole but I need
you to know that if I try I can look
like all of this and don't you ever
forget it and last but not least the
kissy picture even though my lips
actually never touch my friend because
that's just too emotional I want you to
know that if I wanted to at any given
time I could kiss this friend because
they love me look look at our friendship
and our love look at all of it take it
in and I want you to think that because
of this picture I have a lineup of other
friends with whom I could take the exact
picture with and let's be real this is
especially dedicated to that person who
backstabbed you or stop being your
friend or doesn't want to talk too hard
look at me I'm so happy I'm so social
look at me with my friend doing the
kissy picture and even though this
friend is probably someone I just met
I'm still gonna use the hashtag no new
friends just to piss you off what up
t-shirt reference pop and let's just say
this is part one because I can make an
encyclopedia of what Instagram pictures
mean as for me that's all make sure you
read comments and click that subscribe
button because I do make new videos
every Monday and Thursday and don't
forget all your official super own
merchandise is now on sale
WWE unicorn Island CA all that
information is in the description one
love superwoman that is a wrap end
so you'll need to know this for the
future this will help you in everyday
life this is important this is gonna
help you in life today is gonna be fun
