welcome to your first day of high school
and let me just say the next four years
are gonna be great
pay attention okay this is gonna be on
the test but this isn't gonna be on the
test
but don't worry I'll only test you on
information we covered in class you'll
need to know this for the future this
will help you in everyday life this is
important this is gonna help you in life
today is gonna be fun and make sure you
start in advance because this is not
something you can just do the night
before okay oh that looks wonderful
Columbus found America no I do not have
a favorite student G go yeah I didn't
want to say but you all are my favorite
class no one is allowed to eat or drink
in this class no exceptions okay and
boys and girls remember if you work hard
study and get good grades you'll get a
great job I promise this test is gonna
be easy and I have to say boys and girls
her class is much more well behaved than
ours you're gonna amount to great things
okay one more problem this won't take
long and class this is just a reminder
that we have special computer programs
that can detect plagiarism oh thank you
so much for the wonderful Christmas gift
I love it
and then you carry the two of these
oh I am so sorry for interrupting your
conversation and there will be no
homework today and I am going to read
every single page thank you okay class
I'll have these papers graded by Monday
unfortunately class I couldn't mark your
assignments by today I had a bit of an
emergency but you will get them tomorrow
oh no no no that that's against school
policy unfortunately I got into a car
accident therefore I was unable to mark
your essays but you will get them
tomorrow that's it that I I am going to
call your parents my kids were just
driving me bonkers last night so
unfortunately I couldn't mark your
diagrams for today but I'll make sure
they're marked and graded for tomorrow
if you tell me the truth you won't get
in trouble now I know I said you'd be
getting your tests back today but
unfortunately I'm a bit swamped with
marking so you're gonna have to wait
until tomorrow
if you ignore him then he'll leave you
alone and then I got home and realized
oh I left the tests at school so you'll
get them tomorrow my door is always open
because I care and I promise York
University will not be going on strike
again Oh
