um yeah no you know what happened is I
actually I didn't get the assignment
like I didn't understand it so I didn't
do it but I was wondering could you give
me some extra help my printer stopped
working my printer ran out of ink
I had a printer Jam I don't have a
printer and then my power went out oh my
you know what miss I'm so sorry I forgot
that oh okay so here's the thing I swear
my assignment is on this but it says
file corrupt yeah right there by the
door all I can see it it's right there
my computer crashed
oh it was so good just waiting there I
can see just grade me oh I'm an A+ grade
me Oh Mike you know what I'll make sure
ever here tomorrow no here here a
present no I'm not late no no the bus
was late I'm so sorry I'm late the bus
never came the bus broke down the bus
ran out of gas
I had a doctor's appointment no sir i I
couldn't complete my assignment my aunt
I was at the hospital with her my uncle
was sick my neighbour is sick my penpal
really needed me yeah I was in class
yesterday of course this is my mom
signature what of course I handed that
assignment in you probably misplaced it
sir okay no no don't worry I'll print
out another copy for you tomorrow
okay miss here's the truth the Almighty
came to me in a dream last night and
told me not to complete this essay
therefore your homework was against my
religion excuse me miss sorry I'm not
feeling well I think I have to go home I
have to go to the washroom no what
happened was this washing my hair was
closed and I was a are not to go all the
way this way I go up the stairs second
floor I had to go use that washroom
upstairs now it's come back all the way
you had to come on that's why it took me
so long no I was not just roaming the
halls
I'm so sorry for interrupting your class
miss can't just
to my best friend for a quick minute
please it's an emergency you don't miss
honestly I wish you could but
unfortunately my parents don't speak
English yeah no that's not my locker
well all the way over here if I know why
I'm here miss I can't run today I have
my period I can't put the Spain gym
today yeah I hurt my leg no I don't know
who pulled the fire alarm
oh no sorry excuse me supply teacher our
regular teacher always lets us use cell
phones in class oh no our regular
teacher never marks us yeah of course
supply teacher don't take the attendance
to the office for you um our regular
teacher always lets us drink in class
yep I'm after peer marking my best
friends test I can confirm that she got
100% what I did while they're on my desk
no I'm not texting well I would use the
calculator no I'm not I was asking for a
pencil this year I'm gonna study every
single day that's it study schedule
Monday studying Tuesday chapters 1 to 10
Wednesday studying Thursday studying ok
I swear I'm not gonna wait last minute
to study for any of these exams um no no
miss I saw her okay of course my
ex-boyfriends current girlfriend who I
hate so much stole the book I saw her
why would I lie
Wow it was a religious holiday yeah the
birth of light that might ring a bell
pardon the celebration of colors uh
sorry I didn't hear that can you repeat
that worshiping the Lord of sleep the
ones the Lord who slept in a lot and
then he saved the whole earth it's very
spiritual what no it's religious no I'm
not chewing gum what no I did not stamp
all night ignore my homework and watch
superwoman videos all night long
what if I wanted to grow soup oh man I
hope you enjoyed that video as per usual
you can click right there from the last
video also huge announcement as you may
have noticed I'm wearing a unicorn
island t-shirt just let you know that
I'm officially released my own
merchandise
long-overdue has t-shirts accessories
hats posters hoodies everything so make
sure you check it out WWE unicorn island
dot see all the informations in the
description currently a lot of stuff is
on sale for the holiday season so you
can do your Christmas shopping alright
now go check it out okay one love
superwoman that is a wrap and stop lying
students you're going to hell
