whoever more into girls superwoman and
for this video I decided I need an
expert to tell you 25 things I love love
boys because to be honest I don't think
I can take so good someone say boys
Vickers gave me maybe I made an awesome
sauce and we're going to tell you 25
things we love about both you know shake
it out
number one when they pretend to like
chick flicks like the notebook and
Titanic and stuff like that I mean I I I
kind of did like the notebook a little
but the B line it's like a landing strip
that mean I can check my view on a vent
oh the fact that they're so easy to
understand because they're so
predictable I'm hungry I'm horny I'm
hungry
I'm horny I'm hungry oh honey they come
prepackaged with two balls but you have
to buy your own plastic wrap
Oh be safe yeah my party without
balloons and that chiseled jaw like look
at that good brick she's on bitch
straight cheddar cheese up and there's
all over my nachos oh by not those I
mean not PP that's disgusting
that guys are like a mozzarella stick
they are hard on the outside but they
just soft and chewy and gooey on the
inside
what up 2nd cheese reference sausage or
what about when they work out and their
chest and they have these square boobs
on the boobs I just look like a
checkerboard just so squared is just
like like what the way their cologne
smells or when he calls me beautiful
casually in a sentence yo are you ready
to go beautiful can I get an amen
any man in a uniform hey man but baby I
love you know you don't you're such a
jerk no you're always like I love you no
accident
really seriously you are such a slut can
you even like keep your legs crossed
Thanks oh oh oh my god okay so like when
I got a way I don't know if I can say
this in your channel Blizzard we're in
the what
when a guy understands what's wrong with
you without you having to draw it on all
the time are you ready okay pay
attention pig stop bTW I get it it's
okay I know that you're jealous because
I instagrammed that picture but the
truth is she's actually a lesbian and
there's no romantic connection going on
between me and her and she has a life
partner
and my heart is completely and utterly
with you so there's nothing to be upset
or jealous about or are when they play
hard to get such a turn-on
normally seriously I told you that I'm
gay oh stop no I'm gay no stop I like
men yeah really I like penis yeah you
don't have a penis
there's no penis let's keep many dances
or the fact that they understand and
accept that women are just always right
yeah it's true no no they're always
right no you they're right no women are
always right always right you never
agree with you always
we're very like you right that way you
never do this dog you know you know you
never you ever you're right great course
I'm right oh that's actually I got a
text on Jonah awkward or what about when
they actually jealous both will be
really cute and it gets all adorable cuz
it's jobs they care about you
Billy seriously who are you texting oh
just a friend that were they trying to
have we're trying to film videos this
next thing I gotta do this why it's just
like you know I don't know what's the
name I like this yep I'm did you sell it
oh this is your friend I don't know what
Lexus or when they look at you and they
don't even have to say I love you
because you can just see it in their
eyes
oh and when we make out oh my god the
way that facial hair exfoliates your
skin so good oh yeah don't even need a
loofah or the way that you can just
bribe them with so what set Pam what am
I are there deep masculine sexy voices
oh it looks so hot honestly did you
swallow Taylor Swift Oh or like the way
that they smile on pictures and left
them at least number 25 this is up to
you guys for you to decide so let us
know in the comments below what you love
about the mens and feel free to do
twenty six or seven - eight - it is a
lot of things to level men see I don't
hate men of course all my other videos
that's not true and that's pretty much
it make sure to click that thumbs up
click it right now because I think this
hacking I can use this awesome awesome
make sure you click right here right
here on this hunk space to check out his
channel we also did a video on his
channel called 25 things we just don't
get about boys so click right here and
click to subscribe and click click like
a Tony I'm love superwoman what the hell
that is a wrap eggs bye guys
the law says you cannot touch but I
think I see a lot of lawbreakers up in
the house tonight
what's the line he's so hot you know gay
or taking either gay or taking oh yeah
sorry I'm just ready uh-huh
