today's Monday right Monday Tuesday
Tuesday same same but different
what everyone it's a girl superwoman oh
so Martha
this is gonna be a problem isn't it
we're gonna have a problem so a lot of
times when I ask people what do you want
to see on Mondays and Thursdays a lot
people say a day in the life of super
ones like that I finally do a daily life
of superwoman and the truth is my life
is random as you can tell I'm not my
room why not where am I I'm in Thailand
that's where I'm not an awesome Kentucky
adventure through Thailand which is why
my upload schedule is kind of beneath me
and so since you I don't know what a
daily life is sue : I thought I'd tell
you about this stupidest day of my life
which is when I left Toronto to depart
to Thailand
so it's story time super money truck
advertisements swathi gah
so I finished up my huge dance
competition event in Toronto called
teared up on a weekend long I'm
exhausted
that literally finishes and I run home
and pack all my stuff for Thailand in
one hour
basically I forget to pack everything
important and pack every useless thing
my own toothbrush medicine phone charger
Shh that noise tic tacs
ski mask pencil sharpener check check
check yo anybody randomly needs a
tamagotchi in Thailand holla at me
because I probably fat one anyways I get
the airport absolutely exhausted finally
get onto this flight I get my seat
number and I see that it's a middle seat
and I'm like ah squeeze me because I
check in online and according the
diagram online my seat is actually
separated with an aisle but I'm a little
bit convinced on as to why now in person
I'm in between two people it's
ridiculous if you're thinking is why we
have diagram huh it's like going on a
date with someone you met on Facebook
because in the profile picture he was
rocking a six-pack and now we here
person and you have a three pack six
fingers and a bring an eyepatch whatever
so I sit in between these two people for
15 hours from Toronto to Hong Kong but
tamela's not all bad they start serving
food and you know me I love you talking
about to get all the happiness right now
I'm missing my name is Jessica this is
your vegetarian meal I'm like wait so I
opened up my thank-you meal okay not bad
not badly that's a little bit of pasta
we got a little something something
wrong but then I noticed that everyone
next to me has a haagen-dazs bar on
their tray I don't have the haagen-dazs
so my kind doesn't go squeeze me effort
I think you forgot the haagen-dazs on my
my tray over here and then she's all
like oh no I'm sorry the ice cream
doesn't come with the vegetarian meal
because it doesn't classify his
vegetarian but the last time vegetarian
and vegan are not the same thing
honestly bring me a cow right now bring
me a counter I can treat that ish like a
slushie just go to show you that I love
I scream I scream you scream everyone
scream for ice cream
so she refused I didn't get the
haagen-dazs
get why are you hugging all the guys bro
no nowhere else see this pack of sugars
dessert mmm YUM so whatever I do and
hours left in the flight and I'm trying
to sleep so I'm like you know trying to
sleep and then all of a sudden I feel a
snap in my stomach and I'm like cuz
ladies you know what's up the second you
feel a stab in your stomach your sled
ring the alarm and I'm just like snap
crackle I think I'm getting my period
really really on the way to Thailand
period who wants their pari in Thailand
like honestly my uterus is so damn
selfish you're selfish your cake
a German Shepherd doesn't shine as much
as you how you doing boys you good so
I've get my period more than a week
early you know they say when you take a
lot of planes and X up with your mumbles
I travel a lot so I don't know again yet
my period I have no period schedule and
now because of that I realize oh my god
I don't have any pads and don't think up
you're responsible no no I
always have extra pads okay extra pads
are my religion but in this case I have
a ski mask pencil sharpener tamagotchi I
got no man pants
so I'm tough it out we finally land okay
I'm getting off the plane I'm okay take
only what's necessary because I'm saying
I'm pasta pasta I take my backpack leave
my drink leave my snack whenever I exit
that plane I find a washroom a snack
wrong wrong like this very very quickly
okay I find washroom looking for one of
those coin pad dispenser thing keys they
ain't got none why because apparently
everywhere in Hong Kong gets their
period right on damn time well why not
for you now I'm panicking I'm pasting
around I'm asking people which stores
open give me a convenience store
take me to a pad Factory ain't nobody
speak English no one speaks English
obviously I might as well just be
bleeding to death in the middle of
Pacific Mall all the stores are closed
because at 6:00 a.m. so much okay my
stomach's really hurting I need to take
some medicine I need something to drink
so I find a vending machine birth in my
change I put the call Hong Kong coins
only and then at that moment I remember
the decision I made to leave my water
bottle on the plane and I can just see
the water bottle I can see it right up
probably sitting on the plane being like
well let me just sign on to Facebook
post a status about karma sends the
freaking stupid water bottle I'm going
to get your cousin I'm sorry you mean
that have no pad I'm dying my stomach's
turning honestly it's like there's a
rave inside my stomach and Skrillex is
the DJ cuz just like ginger so finding
that come to a last resort I start
asking random women for a pad and
finally after trying several times I
find a white woman who first laughs at
me and then gives me a pad I've never
been so happy to see a diaper in my
entire life so anyways I store all this
a shop boys you can start this thing
again I go to my gay absolutely
exhausted so I lie down
my next flights in two hours Muay Thai
fight tomorrow night in Thailand I hear
this twenty five times a day if anyone's
interested anyway some at the gate I lie
down and then I opened my eyes and look
at the time and it's 9:30
when my flight was that nine ten that's
why I sleep through my flight I get up
and I run to the information desk and I
swear to god this right here is an
accurate reenactment of what I looked
like though huh I miss my flight
I miss my flight can you help me UNMISS
my flight I saw sleeping at him as my
flight I don't do I miss my flight
Thailand like I'm supposed to be ahead
long story short I get on the next
flight to Thailand and finally make it
there I've been getting sick getting my
period missing my flight and looking
like a hot damn mess and I'm having a
great time you're in Thailand and it's
awesome and this contiki people are
absolutely awesome and can we show you
the vlogs and it's just so much fun
having said that thank you so much for
your patience during my travels and my
upload schedule has been very firm I
heard you've been so patient I'll be
enjoying my Instagram pictures and the
vlogs will be coming real quick
astronomically rate comment and click
that slabin because I do make new videos
every Monday and Thursday or somewhere
there say I'm saying what I love
superwoman that is a wrap and
extra waving a good cookie
