I'm about to make bad decisions what
ever wanted to grow super all have his
name hello hello
why not collaboration reference yeah
just kind of half of my drunk kitchen
right yeah the size and more instant
friends so we're excited since we just
met each other we're gonna do something
terrible and make bad decisions because
that's what friends do together T so
we're going to this movie challenge but
there's it or don't know because you
have anything to do with your life we're
not you so we're going to speak to we
have seven good items such as Gloria
cookies and honey and stuff we have
seven bad items which are like different
not bad like I think that you know
whatever item you liked is the item you
like so I just embrace the person you
are exactly so how does looking forward
to having the Vegemite we have numbers
and a hat here I'm gonna pick the
numbers you want to go first - rock
paper scissors it Oh God we're starting
right now yeah we shove a garbage nearby
you ah
Rochambeau Jin and Jack got it go there
you got the watch oh okay here comes
number 10 which is banana oh that's a
really good one because bananas are one
of my favorite foods it's bananas did I
do it can we get married in this Cup
I don't think the whole thing I think oh
well I commit oh there's a first time
for everything
oh yeah okay wait wait I will go ahead
you can't lose didn't we see that dear
anything Willy please go back and show
her just a she's cheating face we'll do
a slow-motion I don't cue it right now
hey I love that number over food which
is strawberry
okay one more I think you like that very
much
ah just does it if it happens balls to
the wall
my good luck strap all right god thanks
so much for watching guys goodbye
I've never had Vegemite I Penny's a very
salty spread from under it taste no you
know what I came to the video tasted
really we'll do it together okay well I
have to but I gotta say this veg it
might be horrible I got it don't just
smell it oh that is not good no what's
that rubber actually yeah yeah welcome
to my body there we go
five honey what is happening
strawberries and honey that's like a
real thing miss you feeling better honey
so my house and fishes expired so that
might take away from I think you're the
bee's knees number 12 Oreos Oh God Oreos
maybe they'll like overpower at the
taste of the betcha my baby thank you oh
we're like an Oreo right now oh my god
we are why um the reason and three yeah
yeah taste the rainbow oh my god you're
gonna be pooping a rainbow yeah so far
your smoothies just a compilation three
favorite things don't hate the player
hate the game and eight eight ketchup
the other way part is and I know like
ketchup every strongly prepare myself
whoa oh the party going added to the
whole thing as well yeah just wait for
the party noise I drink this ha ha ha
alright I'm hoping for talkative - yeah
there she is okay 14 we're talking are
you kidding how did you realize I didn't
recognize her I'm going to put the
numbers on the items so she couldn't
have rigged it guys she couldn't have
rigged it why me yeah I just want to
take a moment to show you guys her
skittle strawberry chocolate honey some
movie or are you I diabetes this would
be terrible
number one whoa hey - guys I'm in a
pickle ah damn I thought of that one in
the car - eautiful you solve in the car
I don't cook you impress me just by
being exactly who you are thank you
somebody who can't think of puns put the
pick away ah fine
Oh 13 ah no Caesar Jesse oh cool hi
welcome to my hell hmm game is racist
when in doubt play the racism card yeah
Oh FX rack huh there's a home I passed
yes pickle juice
you're welcome internet world all whoo
what from good to terrible I know the
thing is you're just has been taste
completely terrible mine is I'm gonna
give me false hopes and then it tastes
terrible
yeah yours a probably good at the
beginning out there about the I know
much like all my relations oops
the words out of my mouth no okay good
for pharaoh ii seven haha big beats does
vegetarian hem what I call Shem well
yeah you guys this is all a metaphor for
life it started out kind of bad for me
but then it seemed to turn around ignore
what I'm not saying here is everything
is racist
okay sham all right ShamWow oh yeah one
two three ah
we held hands nine six the onions wait
no you got it wait how do we know this
in 1906 why no no you wrote it so our
choices are tikka masala or onion ice
reaches the night because a six is not
curved I'm pretty skirt Oh get it that's
my time
damn it Jeff six so I'm using Indian
tikka masala
okay sauce
nice this can't do this of course you
guys write this when I do no it's cool
okay I'm okay with it okay oh because I
speak a little for Tommy
yeah oh my god
Cecily kouchi what's your name mmm hey
hey Oh - unlucky man oh my god
yeah many people don't believe in expiry
dates oh really
that's interesting much dangerous our
base is orange juice because you know
let's not be crazy here yeah be healthy
at the same time yeah my man see ya
later stomach lining oh no it's like
regret
yeah looks like regrets gonna taste like
memories oh hello friends uh don't mind
me I'm just making my classic breakfast
smoothie
Oh
okay guys we blended our smoothies there
you go
you know can I just say that I do not
think the first drink I would ever have
with Hannah Hart is this boutique that's
why you gotta come to LA so we can shoot
my drunk kitchen Oh what up shameless
plug because you okay Oh Oh would you
smell it is smooth strawberry hey now
this is the color of I'm evil because
I've been doing it so oh oh oh it looks
like sewage ha no sewage is better than
that oh is looks like I don't think no
rats let's do it yeah ready go cheer
Cheers
oh my god I've literally never spit
something out before guys
I could not you're crying you're crying
Caesar dressing was come some poet it
tasted mine literally tasted the way my
vomit taste it was way too familiar did
not like do not want
I don't endorse a peg something even a
little bit
speaking of Vegemite yeah yeah you know
what's made up what yeast so that's the
east you can do all right
Aziz this one for you that's all
destroyed I said are you gonna thank a
minister yeah come on up kangaroo
marmoset mate buddy okay
Oh
hey new friendships am i right good
times
oh god did you like it ah ok thanks
watch if you like this video I see more
collaboration with Haddad make sure
you're by coming to click the subscribe
button off the kind of space right here
and check out her channel cuz she's
awesome self it's just so many cool
things and she's awesome and you Stuart
thanks dude of course one love
superwoman woman that is laughing and I
love soup
ah ah that was horrendous I don't know
that was really kind of sick woman look
I've checked it's the official Hotel for
Chiappa 2013 and the whole committee's
here and if you haven't got your tickets
yet use you that right now three ways to
get your tickets wwii bunker calm you go
to the local bars restaurant that's
branch and and Rexdale
or you can call the numbers listed below
Michigan tickets is this Saturday
November 16 t Topanga host you by yours
truly superwoman and I get an
after-party and we can jam and halftime
and if you check the description for all
the details
