and I can make the stars dance laughs
move whatever I wanted to girl
superwoman and you may or may not have
noticed for my previous videos that you
know superwoman can break it down if she
needs to know I'm not saying I'm a
professional or anything let's not be
redonkulous okay let performed and
competed countless times in my life so I
like to consider myself a pretty good
dancer so you would think that when it
comes to dance related games
I'm absolutely stupendous so the other
day I bought just stands 2014 for my
Nintendo Wii and I was super confident
about it Shh
are you kidding done are you serious are
you sick I'm my own you imma imma own
you okay you might as well just come
from everything my legs I gave birth to
you cuz I'm your mama
oh I'll put you in I'm gonna put you in
I put you in real good right do this
just you weird yeah I'm about to bust a
jumanji size wine on you right now kid
don't be telling me to start like it
you've done she knows that I'm up to go
Ciara up on you just like mama two-step
just ease my mind just like a two-step
if one team comes to go 0.5 step just
just like that
someone
wait what what what restart restart I
don't get it I don't get how much was
Thomas what is happening that game might
as well have been my mother because it
whooped me so hard and I talked to a few
people on a pair this is a really common
thing people who are really good at
dancing suck at dancing at games and
people who can't really dance are
amazing at them like real talks I have
is one friend and she is a terrible
dancer like girl I'm sorry like I'm
sorry I had to find out this week ago
you have three left feet not even doing
you got three left feet he's a Martian
like she's really bad okay she thought
like the dougie was like a Snuggie for
dogs but then she plays games like this
and all of a sudden Susan's perfect
bonus 100 score huh and I'm sitting over
here like my fern fern no no tonight I
thought you don't maybe it shouldn't be
so hard on myself I feel like I would be
better at games like this if they were
made for specific people and their moods
for example
you're ready you're ready now you know
already
boo boo so Maya or so I bet you I can
whine ponytail get down
baka topless masha toplin find a
stranger touch the button mash the top
and take a woman in a DC and any player
in that Ybor under the Train on the back
give them one mr. Rohr that's the one
now two people and then put your bak egg
yellow one thousand points use one a
tamale he set cello now stuck your hand
no no go ahead
now find a friend who knows the dance
now find a tree no hug that to you and
love that tree now wink at me
and love love love love love love
no no blah blah blah love love love love
no to horn in law and daddy slap slap
slap slap slap slap slap slap slap slap
slap slap slap slap step step you run
over and then you cry cry cry cry cry
cry cry cry cry cry God not back sing
dance cry de beaut√© sing then try to
breathe and heart a superb job
you're so filmy course and of course I
am
yeah what we gonna do is we're gonna
dance like with our feet ready ready
ok 1 2 4 yeah so just watch the boy and
throw up grow up and do ratchet hair do
a chin hair gum thumbs down Peter Pan -
eyes make bad decisions make more bad
decisions
Teletubbies and rolling around in and
all your awesome job bro you sure
mangled yeah your daddy okay wake up go
for the ball go football come home hey
stick that job Oh zip that dog beat the
bit boy turn the big and cupped dropped
go left and yeah that kid mess again and
left right left right left right left
right
aching back hi hi aching back hi hi now
school old school hold it great job you
did a bunch of champion the
possibilities are endless my friend no
but real talks my goal is to become
awesome sauce in this game because right
now my performance is just unacceptable
I know you should do you should gather
all your little good dancer friends get
have a slumber party play this game
because chances are they suck at it too
so if you would like to take the plunge
with me into just dance you can click
the link in the description to find out
where you can get yourself a copy of
this game because I'm gonna be over here
just like get my damn song anyways I
can't be here anymore I need to go
training because I'm disappointing
myself because I could do the dance
don't dad me I can do the dance I can do
the dance
make sure you rate comment and click
that subscribe button because I do
your videos every Monday and Thursday
you should join us because there's a
party here on Unicorn island so deaf
dogs
you said dance how'd you work on your
car knows one love superwoman that is a
wrap and Zoop okay keep on what kind of
house they building here okay why she
made underwear
think she ain't me
