middle girls white dresses picking names
in full moon your invoice or top from
the closet of your back room knows
reading
using quizzes be Georgiou heart beating
bad feeling bed becomes gorge - lights
out thunderstorm and your phone starts
to ring you wanna screen but you can't
stop this buckle sputtering tell your
Buddha answer so he doesn't now he's
mumbling eyes wide it's your mom where
are you she's wondering well now that's
scary see that right there is scary
ghouls goblins monsters don't ever
really scare me you're wary of these
stories man I go to prom with Carrie
buck it's my effort panting mama told me
to get married
last night I sex my boyfriend all types
of things
I'll grin and send a picture then I
heard a distant name like ping sent -
dad what's happening
holy cow ring ring voices seven days I'm
like no do it now your last caster su
bags all alone on the street graveyards
wind blows metal fence that gives you
great walk around all to a sound and now
you can't
see you take a step in here screen to
something start to grab your team not
alone grab your phone your eyes begin to
tear you click profile start to smile
you look great with that beer starts to
type in fear because you know the end is
near and then you see your status say
you're grounded mom was here I'm sitting
watching movies one day with my undg
she's watching Titanic I'm like damn it
the fear was killing me because I rather
she turned her head like The Exorcist
and just screamed and turned around and
look at me during this awkward car
succeed so I run away I'm terrified I
may just start to cry I go in my parents
room so they can help me dry my eyes and
I see them there they start to glare I
think it's a bad time so I turn away and
then they say we found you working
online miracles taking walls now there
is no stopping time moving dog private
calls now your life is online
dripping taps thunder
you think everything is fine you carry
on with your work while evil work behind
search that name feeling shame and you
know this isn't right you haven't spoken
to that jerk since you had that major
fighting see a girl in all his pics now
you want to curse society try to leave
instead of home you slip and then you
hit that light I rather give my high
five to Edward Scissorhands and have my
face play pattycake with my mom and
daddys backhand and I'd rather hear the
devil talking here a cracking Bell to
run away from home to a haunted house
and beg for help and I'd rather have
Dracula bite my neck so they don't feel
like jeepers creepers whipped on beepers
how they still see this again I give CPR
to Jason just to restore respiration if
it meant my mama's juicy wouldn't be my
final destination by the time you're
under grindage to the boy's life
as a groom as a bride wrestling all
right he grabs your hand you start to
dance to dance away the night until you
feel your period link inside the right
white type you're in a cop you need a
girl and then you buy a drink you eat a
mint you start to kiss them then you get
my wink you take a home you're in the
zone and then you start kissing and tell
you that walks in and say why are you
humping your cousin that's scary
now that's scary it's getting cold it's
getting late I see you sitting there in
your house watching me I can feel your
stairs and I know you feel uncomfortable
but now you must beware
but don't you look just look at me she
can smell your fear she's there watching
you with her long black hair and if you
listen you will hear that she is coming
near but don't move just is it stay
still and let her whisper in your ear
happy Halloween
you
