whatever we wanted to girl superwoman
and today is actually a very special day
and a lot of you may not know this
because I like to keep my private life
kind of private and not get involved in
all this stuff but today is actually my
3 year anniversary and I know I usually
don't do this but I thought as a nice
romantic gesture I would dedicate this
video to my baby to celebrate our past
three beautiful years together so baby
sweetheart
you handsome w this video is for you
happy three year anniversary and I love
you so so so much my dearest you too I
can't believe it's been three years I
mean we've been through so much together
like everything for my stuff girls say
you know to the cinnamon challenge to
Gangnam style to the Harlem shake and
through all of that you've always had my
back
I mean yeah we have our moments we fight
which couple doesn't fight why are you
taking so long we're gonna be late no
we're gonna be late now this is why
everyone hates us this is why honestly I
hate when you do I hate when you do this
honestly just forget it forget it okay
forget it I'm glad I use water Tampax
pearl protects better only Tampax has a
leak guard braid to help do not tell me
I'm on my period but we've also shared
some really special intimate moments
together
we've even done some really lame couples
stuff that I'm like just embarrassed to
talk about you remember you over that
one time you went to that party you were
just totally matching don't be hanging
up more so he can see Texas Hey no sorry
I'm with this area oh sure oh good so
way and even when I cheated on you
which I'm ashamed to even talk about you
were still there for me
it's not what it looks like
oh my god I swear to god baby my finger
slipped you don't get you don't get it
no no it came on to me
what you don't trust me they don't to be
I'm sorry I'm sorry okay don't I could
change but baby it wasn't just me okay
it's not just me
you have your flaws too you always
change I feel like I don't even know who
you are sometimes where where where's
your subscription button no why do you
keep changing one day you're one person
the next year another I don't even know
who you are sometimes but at the same
time you always make it better no no no
I'm sick and tired of this you know I
can't do this that face come on and do
you remember that one time when we did
that really freaky thing well you see
the thing is we've never done anything
like this before but we thought it might
spice things up a little um what do you
think
or that time where I met your parents hi
sir it's so nice to meet you I've heard
so many wonderful things about you and
the time you met my parents mom dad
this is him lady is he's right here he's
honestly the best go show them show them
isn't he the best
I mean we've been through it all and
it's been amazing
happy three-year anniversary baby and
I'm so glad that my longest relationship
has been with a website here's to many
more make sure you wait comment and
click that subscribe button because I
make new videos every Monday and
Thursday one love superwoman that is a
wrap and Zoop
okay no really what the hell is wrong
with me real talk it's my three year
anniversary on YouTube I cannot believe
it's been three years of me making
videos where the Fiddlesticks as a time
go but real real real talk
thank you so much to all of you for
spending three years with me whether you
just joined recently or video since the
beginning I appreciate you so so much
and I cannot wait for many more years to
come so let's partay I'm unicorn I'm in
Go Go Power Rangers on unicorn I need
one last appointment that cares about
every that you answer and you know I
hope you enjoyed that weird deranged
video as per usual you can click right
there for my last video just a quick
note that this weekend I am coming to
Vancouver for a meet and greet story to
be exact and it's on November 2nd so if
you want to meet indignant kiss me and
all that stuff then you should check out
all the information in the description
cuz that's happening okay
