what everyone's a girl superwoman I
don't you thinking you all like your
what the fiddle poop superwoman your
videos are always so late and I'm just
like huh what's the video but today my
video is late for a fabulous reason
check it out
oh snap that's right I went to the Drake
concert tonight and it was awesomesauce
and not just like any awesome sauce I'm
talking like a huge bottle of awesome
sauce like the type of bottle you would
buy from like Costco you know those like
industrial-sized I think could feed your
hope and both of awesomesauce but you
know me I like to be real I say ish like
it isn't a little concerts are great and
they're awesome and today's concert was
awesome there's some people at concerts
they need to check themselves before
they wreck themselves so welcome to
annoying people at concerts first of all
that's be real if we had Drizzy Drake
concert so you know you spend your
tuition money your food money your rent
money your all types of money to get
tickets to this concert even though we
could all watch old reruns of Degrassi
and watch Drake for free I get it you
wanna see man like it's a thing but if
you spend so much money on your concert
tickets I'm really confused as to why
you're watching the entire concert
through your phone screen people forget
to actually enjoy the experience because
they're too busy documenting the entire
concert on their phone yet you use hell
annoying like why are you here why
didn't you just watch the concert to
other peoples in civilians like
sweetheart I promised Drake looks just
as damn fine without that Valencia
filter and I can assure you okay
it's gonna feel way better if you double
tap him in real life then double tapping
that Instagram picture so what you need
to do is put your phone away and help me
grab his arm because what happens is
every time something cool is happening
in Elmo did you see that and then you're
just all like whoa what what happened
because you're too busy posting a
picture posting a video writing a
caption okay let me get this straight
you saw Drake on a TV screen so you're
like oh my god I want to see him live so
cool and now he's live in front of you
so now you're watching him through your
phone screen does this make any sense
it's like going into a strip club and
then taking out your laptop and watching
porn take your hand take your
we'll kick your hand yeah smack yourself
so I'm at this concert right anymore do
you know that I'm gonna enjoy every
minute of this get my babies on stage
telling me that it's mine it's mine it's
always gonna be mine so you know I'm
like dancing I'm standing I'm just
grinding the air just a little bit and
I'll be real with you okay when I'm
standing screaming dancing going crazy
it really annoys me when people around
me are not partaking in the cray-cray as
well because if Drake says make some
noise I really don't understand what all
y'all sitting here like a bunch of mine
okay just a concert or funeral what
you're doing everybody else we're doing
a slow way just like this and mood
lighters the phones up slow way you
sitting there like you too cool fast no
we're too cool no I would tell you to
shut the F up and take several seats but
you're already doing both of those so
you my friend need to go to home because
do the global warming up in this concert
okay you are killing the atmosphere so
clearly I'm all for people having fun at
Congress you know doing their thing
busting a grin but selling wine all
doing their thing but without fail every
concert has that group of drunk girls
and today I just drinks concert those
girls were sitting in front of me but I
think about these drunk girls they were
just drunk
they were hazardous I'm serious they
were hazard dislike caution tape was
needed so this is the situation there
sing in front of me and they're sitting
in the first row of the upper section
which means that they're right at the
edge and there's hundreds of people in
the section below them so they're having
a good time you'll get in there drag on
but for some reason their drinks were in
glasses I mean actual glasses made of
glass I don't know which idiot decide to
sell these hot messes alcohol in real
glasses but they were holding real
shabal glasses a shot reward it is now
and it was stressing me up because
they're dancing over the edge with their
glasses in the air just like we know you
know you know and I'm just like you're
one of these hot messes is gonna drop
their glass not me like drop down drop
drop someone below is gonna get it they
get it they get it they get it and
that's it what every problem is gonna be
nine-one-one
this homie is bleeding this drunkard is
peeing she dropped down her glass now
assistance is needed way and you don't
be on like all good samaritan so I'm
sitting there watching Miguel over the
show you know letting his love adorn
munition I'm just stressing that
someone's gonna get hurt by the
situation so I'm just like let my lab do
okay we're not cook okay you won't drop
that Glasgow job that oh yeah I mean
straight up when that stone Cole is
making a guest appearance at his concert
and nobody need to hear no shattering
glass up in this joint boo boo boo boo
boo boo boo what up WWE reckless hey
calling the WWE you know it's WWF till
death all right so you know how it is
halfway through the show you see some
seeds that are emptying out yo I'm gonna
try to get those seeds for you no you
get out pretend your loss
don't have your ticket try to slip by
chance casually sit in the seat you like
yeah I think reduce ease with you guys
talking book and then eventually some
archers gonna come up to you because
they saw you and ask your ticket and
kick you out cuz your ticket as a match
like why you you want to take your job
so seriously I mean no one is sitting
there why can't you help a broke homie
oh that couldn't afford better tickets
it ain't gonna hurt you in any way like
I don't get are you Drizzy's accounting
do you get a commission I don't
understand I mean I'm just trying to see
here so I can hopefully catch a bit of
drag sweat and they're kicking me out
you know you know what that's a very add
to yellow of you don't you have a heart
I can't you let it slide like I don't
understand why are you trying to force
your uh sure authority on to me okay
don't try to go any little power trip
take your head out the sky okay you
ain't Drake wait for it what up t-shirt
reference huh lastly the people who come
to concerts but don't actually know any
of the music by the artist aka the fake
fan because we're forced there or you
just thought it was cool to come why are
you here because you I am singing all
the lyrics perfectly okay I'm doing the
dance you know I'm I'm doing the I'm
doing all the dances right here but you
know what they're killing my vibe just
every everything I'm over there like
started from the middle now we're on the
left you'll start up from the middle
my whole team on the left like please
stop with your whole just hold on we're
phoning home you're phoning home yeah
okay good luck with that
eg okay I hope Samara answers the phone
and tells you you have seven days to
effin live anyways that's it for now you
know I gotta go cuz it was Josie's
birthday and he's waiting over there
waiting but I take kick kick kick kick
so I'm gonna go make sure you read
comment and click that subscribe button
because I do make new videos every
Monday and Thursday thanks for watching
and I hope you had a great day one love
superwoman that is a wrap and Zoop
please note all my nails are done except
for that one tomorrow
the winner okay so who just flew 14
hours from New Zealand to LA and then
had a four-hour stopover in LA and then
flew five hours from LA to Toronto and
came home and still decided to make a
video what me wasn't me it was me
