so whether so who would just flew 14
hours from New Zealand to LA and then
had a four-hour stopover in LA and then
flew five hours from LA to Toronto and
came home and still decided to make a
video what me wasn't me it was me what
if I wanted to do a Superman that's
right I just came home after 24 hours
some odd hours of traveling but I feel
so bad about not posting video on Monday
I decided to still make a video on that
no I'm sorry I didn't make a video on
Monday sometimes during traveling this
ish is next to impossible but I hope we
can still be friends
so since I just came back from my
travels to New Zealand I thought it
would be appropriate to make a video
call annoying things while traveling I
made a video before called annoying
people on airplanes it's not going to be
like that it's gonna be a little bit
different but if you haven't seen that
video I'll put a link to it at the end
of this video then you can watch all
them videos and just be like video
clearly jet lag so first and foremost I
start my travels my first flight is with
Air Canada and I don't get me wrong I'm
all about one and I am Canadian
but Air Canada I'm about to rip you a
new one
is it just me okay or doesn't see my
people who work for airlines sometimes
just unnecessarily go on this power trip
where they're like really rude unhelpful
and just like super unpleasant so I walk
up to the Air Canada kiosk and you know
me I'm all happy unicorn I walk up like
this one baggage I'm like hi captain
what up spongebob reference so like hi
excuse me miss how are yours warning you
could help me and she's all like put
your bag on the scale sound like okay
yeah here you go you think it's me my
mom aren't sitting together so is wonder
next bag oh okay sure yeah who's next
bag so sit still a minute you can switch
us cuz I plan on the Machine Pass porn
okay yeah I tried the machine it just
seems like it was full so swear if it's
a well if it's full it's full and what
do you want me to do like ex-squeeze-me
like hello hi why are you even here
you're not even listening to me I don't
understand how you've not been replaced
with a conveyor belt because you just
move my luggage from here to right here
you get useless like relax sweetheart
don't get over
be gassed about the authority with your
job because that's the real the
highlight of your day is someone trying
to smuggle an apple across customs so
just relax with the attitude like hi
hello am i bored and you are an airplane
or is there an airplane up your crap let
me know causing the turbulence all up in
my den the booty in my soul so I get to
the gay exhausted you know how it is
traveling loving around the luggage and
just stopovers in long flights and we
all know that I'm gonna be on a 14-hour
flight sitting like this
okay trying to sleep looking like a
straight human genetic up in this way so
obviously at the game I'm gonna try
catching me some Z's in a comfortable
state but you know what do these air
poor people do they put those bloody arm
rests on their chairs so no one can like
that you you know what I'm talking about
there's two types of seats in airports
there's a row that has no arm rest you
can all be like hell yeah or they have
that row of seats with the metal
armrests so you cannot lie down
and not have to spend 10 minutes
bringing up how I can adjust my spine in
such a way that I can light up why why
do you do this the small detail causes
me so much
look at my don't be looking look
stressed
so then I decide okay you know what no I
won't sleep that's fine I'll just waste
my life like I do at home on the
internet beautiful take all my iPhone
searching for Wi-Fi networks you know
I'm so all positive I'm like yeah lissa
found the network free airport hotspots
we're getting wicked connect to that ish
my panties are getting all manat I'm so
excited I'm like I'm a Twitter so hard
right now yeah I swear I'm gonna
Instagram all these selfies right here
but then what happened my browser opens
I'm like hell yeah and then what free
internet hotspot $4.99 a month or free
internet if you buy this app for $2.99
is this free how is this free why are
you telling me lies internet hotspot cut
your hotspot hear me loud and clear when
I say airports that don't have free
Wi-Fi yeah there is a reserved parking
spot for you in hell because that is
just the most evil thing you can do you
know people are traveling you know
I ain't got no long-distance minutes you
know that I can't be roaming and you go
make your Wi-Fi not free that nerve on
top of that you know on brown you know
when I arrived to my final destination
I'd rather be stranded there without a
ride for eight hours then turn on my
damn roaming and nobody get along
business charges up in here don't become
right see or whatever that's okay
philosophy might be whatever you deal
with it you get on the airplane and then
that damn security video don't get me
wrong I know you're trying to save my
life but that ish be redundant I'm gonna
be real New Zealand Heinkel life props
you Air New Zealand has some pretty cool
security videos but every in the airline
you need to step up your game you know
me you know what I say any important
piece of information I feel like only
Jamaicans
should convey that message because they
get straight to the damn point
all right listen here anytime your bunt
you plan to see you want to fasten your
seat belt okay in this Tim ball to crash
little ting ting won't come down you
want agreed to the tinting but keep in
mind this you only take a one breed
party aircraft because there's no
smoking on this blood clot only
exception if you wanna share them trees
because there's nobody mind but a little
Brian where you see lastly if you think
in him what a bumbaclot this thing and
you look down you see a whole lot of
fish dumps around your feet that means
we enter the ocean you're like Jacobi
under your seat you wanna grab that one
and make sure you also grab yourself
anymore
cuz they're in northern upon this flight
okay enjoy gun and done and without fail
every single time I bought an aircraft
this happens you tell an airline that
you're vegetarian that's it game over my
friend because to an airline vegetarian
vegan and wrap it all mean the same
thing I tell my vegetarian I get some
dried up prunes a few seeds and a tin of
soy milk for dinner I am a vegetarian
there is a difference between vegetarian
and vegan I want me some alfredo pasta
like I don't get it you have a chicken
option a beef option of pork option but
you tell an airline you're vegetarian
all of a sudden you stop me next to Bugs
Bunny at the dinner table like please no
save your money okay watch just give me
a few grains a bucket of soil I just
grow my dinner in the back roll like
vegans I'm sorry I don't know how
but I need me some cheese and crackers
okay F yourself okay I want the ice
cream okay lastly is it just me or is
every airplane in life just unbearably
cold I'm talking like I'm going tights
under my trackpad a tank top long-sleeve
shirt Cody
my pants are talking to my son I have a
blanket on and you already know I stole
the blanket next to me top two blankets
what up double blanket but even still my
nips be feeling like haagen-dazs up in
this plane I guess I got some ice cream
after all it's in my bra okay jet lag
whoa no but like really what's going on
with the he is my dad controlling the
heat on this plate like that for God's
sakes turn on the heat okay I'm about to
pop off some icicles Lily where is your
shame where is it is it here is it sure
is almost there's no way but it's okay
because after all is said and done you
get off that plane get your destination
that beautiful destination wherever it
is you know yes I made it
and when people approach her they're
like Hello Giora welcome to our country
and I'm just like huh the things I do to
unplug my ears oh hi how are you ya know
your country is great so beautiful it
countries I know but all jokes aside I
had absolutely wonderful time in New
Zealand just absolutely beautiful trip
and I will be posting a blog of my trip
very soon so make sure you stay tuned
for that also I want to say thank you so
much for your patience during my travels
that I don't post videos on the Mondays
and Thursdays I'm supposed to it you
guys are still so supportive about it
and just I just I just love you with
just and just love you so much just
anyways computer shut up now
make sure your read comments and click
that subscribe button because I do make
new videos every Monday and Thursday 1
superwoman that is a wrap and look
comment coming do do go to the school
goodbye god that's not good for you boy
don't drink so much coke okay they tell
use this one have cancer inside
