really I doing this like this yo
whatever when it's your girl superwoman
and it's freezing that's right the heat
in my house is not working and now I'm
an icicle but that's not the point in
this video this video is actually
inspired by an absolutely amazing /
hilarious gift I got my birthday from my
boy humble the poet go buggy buggy and
it's honestly one of the most genius
inappropriate and hysterical things I've
ever read and that's a big statement
because like let's be real I have a lot
of hot mess people on Facebook and I
read their dramatic statuses all the
damn time it's this book called unicorn
being a jerk and it got me thinking and
my unicorn being a jerk are you a jerk
are we in the matrix let's find out so
here's the dealio I need you to grab a
pen and a paper or a phone or you can
just memorize in your brain whatever you
kids do these days and together we're
gonna figure out how much of a jerk we
are so basically I'm gonna say some
statements and some actions and if
you've ever done it give yourself a
point and just to make you feel
comfortable
I'm also do it ready ready ready let's
go give yourself a point if you've ever
peed in a pool imma for real I don't
think I've ever done that but I've peed
in a lake I'm sorry little mermaid okay
I had to go under the sea is my peepee
left the toilet paper roll in the
washroom m.d. dear all my friends white
underwear I'm sorry you at an amusement
park there's a long line for a ride so
you cut the line I go laughter oh yeah
my friends my friends up ahead
oh my mom's up ahead I've never done
that yeah I'm a good person you didn't
want to talk to someone so you pretended
like you didn't get their text or phone
call never I've never ever ever done
that you've taken a picture of someone
without them knowing just so you and
your friends can make fun of them via
snapchat I've never done that I'm cheap
I've never done that I'm a lot of things
okay a mean girl is not one of them
everyone can sit with me yell at a
telemarketer okay straight up my dad is
getting all the points up
a telemarketer call my house and mad
threats be going down a deck hello do
take me off this list right now I know
my bloody right okay I know wanting
newspaper duct cleaning service
operation arm okay this harassment give
yourself a point if you ever done this
you've thrown someone in a dark room
close the door turn off the lights and
start a whisper and Bloody Mary through
the door yeah I've never done that
someone but people have done that to me
okay thanks a lot
evil cousins nobody's cool I'm over I'm
over I don't think you're like messed me
up in any way putting gum under a table
so your friends over right they need
their Facebook logged on on your laptop
and now according to their status
they're all types of terrible things
like a pool of her poo eater who loves
to touch themselves so you have a
plastic bottle you walk up to the
garbage and now you have several options
you have garbage plastic bottles and
paper so what do you do you throw the
plastic bottle in the garbage anyways
why because it's closer
very rarely though I swear to god I love
trees leaving this a bunch of milk in
the milk carton what drink this one who
would think this one tiny term I guess
so purposely killing innocent people in
video games so basically all my GTA
players okay you're a pencil that
sentence was a sharpener and now you got
yourself a point and that also includes
drowning people on purpose in
roller-coaster tycoon and because of
that I'm sorry okay it's fun so you're
in a store you see a product that you're
thinking about buying but you're not
sure what it's actually like and how
soft this paper town actually is how big
this speaker who tell me how many dishes
in this one so what you do you open it
you evaluate and you're going oh yeah I
do on this one so what you do you put
the open one back and take a brand new
one and you believe that broken open
unsellable one behind honestly I cannot
stick why do people do I the nerve the
nerve of people you should all be
ashamed of yourself
okay disgust me going through the
drive-thru
you purposely wait till the absolute
last second before you drive off to ask
for your sauces in hopes that they don't
charge you the 15 cents now if your skin
is brown I don't mean to be racist here
but you can just stop lying go ahead and
give yourself a point okay ain't nobody
judging you
after you're done taking a shower you
forget to press our little button that
makes the water go back into the little
faucet so now the next person that takes
a shower is gonna be adjusting the water
and what can happen cold water I'm sorry
do I want to shower in Alaska no you're
in a car and another person in the car
usually a guy puts his window completely
down even though you're clearly
uncomfortable and does he do anything
about it no cuz his windows all the way
down and you're just like oh I know yeah
I'm fine
I do not see this hurricane that my hair
is in give yourself a point making me
readjust my hat and making me look all
like tomorrow from the ring and I'm just
like second X you just did something
stupid and inconsiderate and your
reasoning was Yolo no no even I ain't
that stupid
you know those poor people that work at
the boost in the mall no we're trying to
get your attention sell you something so
you're walking by there hi excuse me
miss so I can I ask you something let me
show you something real quick and what
do you do yeah they might as well be
John Cena because I can't see you ignore
ignore ignore sorry
you completely slack off with the group
assignment and then you blame it on
something like family problems you know
I'm really hoping karma doesn't exist
you lose a game and then claim it's
because you let the other person win
obviously don't be dumb obviously I let
you win because if I actually try then
you'll be losing because they nobody
beated me in this game you break
people's snowmen when no one is looking
so someone asked you to do something you
don't want to do most probably your
parents so in order to delay doing
anything or possibly not doing it at all
when they ask you you apply with pardon
what you say even though you know
exactly what they said in hopes that
they'll just do it themselves instead of
repeating it someone offers you candy
and you just take all the red ones
someone asks you to take a pic of them
so you go like this
and you really just take a selfie after
you're done eating at a restaurant for
some deranged reason you do all this act
up stuff to the table like put ketchup
on your napkin put pepper in your Pepsi
squeeze a lemon over the ice cream why
why it makes the waitresses job so
difficult I'm sorry you ignore people's
phone calls then one minute later text
them saying sup with no explanation of
Wyatt and answer now add that ish up if
you got between 22 and 27 use a plate of
jerk chicken if you got between 15 and
22 use a stick of beef jerky if you got
between 8 and 15 use a junior jerk and
if you got between 0 and 8 well I'd be
freaking dog guess what you are in
denial Naurang the last two I did double
of 18 which makes me I stick a beef
jerky oh no I'm a jerk you know what
that's it I'm gonna be a better person
and start recycling bottles and stuff
but let's be real I'm refilling no
toilet paper a milk carton okay don't be
crazy if you wanna find out how much of
a jerk your friends are click the links
in the description to share this video
because sharing is caring see what I
just did there I just guilted you into
doing something that's why I'm a jerk
make sure you rate comment and click
that subscribe button because I do make
new videos every Monday and Thursday and
that's all for me one love superwoman
that is a wrap and Zoop
ok don't act like you're not there I
just saw your tweet I know you're near
your phone answer phone ring ring ring
hi hello this is your wake-up call
do something with your life whatever it
is that you want to do do it to the best
of your ability
