um Versace Versace Versace Versace
Versace Versace I'm just kidding it's um
Claire's accessories whatever watch a
girl's Superman and I'll be honest with
you I don't know if this video is going
to be funny but it's going to be very
real so if you're about real than
staying please have a seat
if you're not about real than like I
know go to forever 21 and have a picnic
with the mannequins okay this is not for
you so it has come to my attention that
a lot of people in the world want to
become something they want to achieve
something don't want to reach some sort
of goal everyone whether it's I want to
be an actor actress I want to open my
own business I want a six-pack I want a
boob guy everyone wants something
anything everything you for example just
take a second think about what you want
in life what do you want to become what
do you really really desire think about
it you got in your brain okay okay so
you're thinking about it good good good
now keep in mind that there's so many
other people in the world right now that
claim they want something really really
bad okay now the purpose of this video
is for me to stand here and call you out
and say you don't want these things so
badly because if you wanted them so
badly you'd be getting them now before
you cussed me up and closed this video
let me break it down for you if you lie
down at night and you are not utterly
exhausted then you my friend do not want
it bad enough because if you have a
dream or a goal and the concept of sleep
does not seem foreign to you then you
sleep too much because when you're
trying to reach a goal sleep should feel
like a guilty pleasure okay you should
go to sleep at night when your head hits
that pillow it's a straight seven -
straight up
praise the Lord i'ma get some Z's and
here's the thing right I hear people
complaining all the time about being
broke not achieving their goals nothing
ever goes their way but then those are
the same people that go to sleep cuz
they're too tired stop working cuz
they're too lazy can't drive to a
meeting cuz it's too far
can't network with people because they
don't like them who can't finish a
project because the game is on who can't
take on a challenge because it's too
much work so - I say hi hello welcome to
the real world where as hard as you
think you're working there's many people
working ten times harder than you so let
me just ask you a question why do you
feel that you deserve success why do you
deserve to reach new heights and achieve
great things because this is the reality
of the situation you can be do
anything say you're a musician and you
wake up and you spend hours and hours
and hours practicing and working on
music and then that night when you're
tired you go to sleep and you're like
you know what I've worked really hard I
can tell you that somewhere out there
there's another musician who's choosing
to stay up that one extra hour and
that's putting in more grind than you my
friend
aka what I'm trying to tell you is all
these people love dreams and say they
want to become something and say the
world is against them sweetie the world
isn't against you okay
your excuses are against you and if you
think the world is against you
you'll be tripping and guess what i'ma
say to you give them a second tie your
shoelaces okay don't trip what up
t-shirt sweater thin shirt reference I
can assure you the world does not care
about making your life difficult and
making it so you don't achieve your
goals okay it's got to worry about
global warming government shutting down
natural resources and like the zombie
apocalypse okay nobody care about
chicanery go now I don't need to blow my
own trumpet here but I'd like to think I
work pretty hard of course I can work
harder there's always room to work
harder but that's also because like I'm
crazy I'm a workaholic but there's
literally been some times when I have a
gig or I have a project where I check
the time it's like 6:00 p.m. and then I
just remember that oh my god I didn't
have breakfast yet
like I'm so engrossed in what are we
doing and so driven that I actually
forget that I'm hungry I forget to eat
and if you know anything about me food
is my soul mate
no like real talk I would rather pick
macaroni and cheese over people but you
got to do what you got to do and then
there's some people that are just too
tired sick
aka lazy and slack to sacrifice a little
comfort and achieve something great and
why do you think I'm sick right now I
was just sick I'm sick every two weeks
you think I'm lying I'm always sick
and why do you think I have three new
pimples every video cuz you see this one
this one's big enough to shoot the next
mission impossible on why do you think I
have all these pimples what you think
I'm like making out with gummy bears no
it's because I don't have a sleeping
powder I'm stressed I have things on my
mind but you know what I wouldn't want
it any other way so hi hello my name is
Lilly I go by the name of superwoman if
you don't know me now you do and we're
friends with such little it whoever you
are whether you know me or not watch my
videos are not unit or see me for the
first time you have a dream you want to
achieve something stop watching this
video sign okay
watch the video ain't no harm in
watching the video who watch the video
but after this video okay achieve
something because if you keep saying you
have so many dreams and desires why I'm
not working towards them every second
why do you want Facebook right now why
you on YouTube right now
why are you playing candy crush is candy
crush don't pay the bills is farmville
gonna make you successful stop slacking
okay cuz hold us pick pick pick pick
pick ring ring ring ring ring right okay
don't act like you're not there I just
saw your tweet I know you're near your
phone as your phone ring ring ring hi
hello
this is your wake-up call do something
with your life whatever is that you want
to do do it to the best of your ability
aka in the words of Britney Spears you
want a hot buddy you want a boob guy
what a Maserati you better work work
anyways I'm done being psychotic I just
really felt this video was needed and
some people just really need to wake up
and if you agree with me and if you feel
like I kind of called you on you're like
oh gosh Maria maybe I do do that or what
are your friends needs to see this video
click the links in description to share
it and that's it for this video this is
the first video of mine you're watching
usually they're not so luxury and
usually I kind of run funny sometimes so
make sure you check those out because I
make new videos every Monday and
Thursday as for now make sure you rate
comment and click that subscribe button
one love superwoman that is a wrap and
go don't trip a trip Zoop
yo what's up hope you enjoyed that video
as per usual you can click right there
to watch my last video don't forget if
you have an iPhone or an Android you can
now download the official Superman app
for free so make sure you do that
because um I don't know cuz then I can
be on your phone and give you more
wake-up calls bye
