so that awkward moment when you're
supposed to release a video but then you
fall asleep instead and now it's really
late
hi mom what everyone it's a girl
superwoman and today I asked what do you
want to see for super Monday and a lot
of you said annoying people at parties
and let's just say that I've had really
really you know confused and
questionable priorities my whole life so
I know uh we think about parties shall
we leg out now one of the wee things I
know about parties is that boys can't
keep their wee things inside their pants
and every party has that awkward boy and
girl or boy and boy or girl and girl
depending on whatever kind of party it
is I don't care that just feels the need
to make everyone feel awkward and thinks
that this room full of 50 people is the
perfect opportunity to suck each other's
face and do the making up and this is
why this is annoying because now you've
set the standard for communication and
now you're over there making out I'm
meeting someone you over here and I'm
confused what do I do
do i exchange a handshake a hug saliva
you're ruining the balance because
you're over there grabbing each other's
booties and now I'm standing here
looking all uptight on top of that
chances are both of you hot messes are
in a relationship and everyone at this
party is looking at you because they
know who you're dating and we're friends
with the people you're dating and now
I'm willingly I'm part of your drama
because I'm a witness
thanks a lot horndogs yo yo you knew you
would xuxa she listened to me you ever
been to a party and it's like so amazing
I'm talking like this party is so crazy
what up t-shirt reference I know
double double reference you'll be like
it's awesome the music is blasting
people are dancing jumping up and down
everyone's having a great time it's epic
then you look over and there's two
people in the corner just having a
serious conversation like let me get
this straight
Gundam style just came out okay I'm
looking at you like and then you want to
respond to me like this
like what we're at a party hello fun fun
hello fun are you in my argument where
are you like hello this is a party not
the dr. Phil show what the f are you
discussing and I'm starting like I'm so
sore that our celebration has
interrupted your serious emotional
conversation you know DJ stop the music
stuck play some Adele let's all sit in
the corner talk about our feelings come
on that'll be a happy birthday I swear
to god it's so annoying like if Kendrick
was here he would not be impressed okay
good what killing the vibe because this
is the vibe but you were just like yo
without dude
it's dead have you ever been - I keep
pulling you up and you keep going down
can you stop making me seem like a more
of a slut than actually I'm shirt don't
be selfish
have you ever been to a party and the DJ
seems like he just has ADHD because
you're listening to music and you're
jamming out then all of a sudden it's
like higher than a mother
yeah yeah da da da da da it's the one
and only just told ah we're going back
hello hi hello
song song I'm sorry I'm looking for the
rest of the song I feel a bit for play a
game of Blue's Clues so I can find the
rest of this amazing course like don't
get me wrong I'm all for DJ's mixing it
up y'all it over but there is a limit
okay you can't be building up a song and
then stop the song when the course comes
and you kind of be playing the most epic
line of the song and then cut it halfway
because if you do that and it comes time
to pay you I'm gonna came mr. DJ okay
here's your 200 bucks whoop just cages
imma give you 100 whoa kidding that's 50
bucks
I'm just playing and then when I slap
you I'ma be like how can she slap slap
slap down another annoying thing DJ's do
is when they grab the mic and start
screaming on top of a song again
I don't mind me some hyping I love this
sometimes but again there is I just spit
in your face there is a limit I kissed
one time I went to the club and the DJ
grabbed the mic and you're he's gonna
start hyping people tell me put their
hands up telling what to do I'm so
excited so I take out my $20 bill okay
because I've been waiting for this
moment I went to the bank just to get
this $20 bill so he could be like if you
got a $20 bill put your hands up I'm
ready I'm stretching up in here with my
periodic bill one sitting in this club
waiting and almost on the DJ starts
yelling up the most random crap on the
mic I'm sick I'm talking things like you
shouldn't even be proud to cheer for
hold up if yous a woman and use with
your man and your man was your best
friend's husband but you done backstab
that hoe and now you with her boo
because you slept with him and he
cheated on her with you make some of the
ethanol and half the girls in the club
are like hey like what whore upon a
porta potti pull up okay if you know you
got STD from your man even though he
lied to you and told you he was tested
but you still with that boy cuz he
treats you right and he pay your bills
make some of the noise boo why thanks
well I don't want to be excluded where
am I should I be making worse life
decisions yeah hold up hold up hold up
if you spend thousands of dollars on
tuition money okay you got yourself a
degree your daddy wants you to be a
lawyer but now you broke single and
lonely and you make it YouTube videos
dresses your mama make some mother at
the noise hey hey raising the roof you
know who else annoys the crap out of me
at parties and I'm talking literally
annoys the crap out of me like I see you
walk into the party and now I have
diarrhea
girls who come to a party and don't care
about partying with their friends
because they are too overly concerned
with hitting on guys let me break this
down
how should happen is you should come to
a party you and all your girls
collectively should shamelessly hit on
guys okay and then you laugh walk away
okay and act like lesbians for the rest
of the night on the dance floor but some
of y'all confused some of you come to
the party okay don't even talk to your
friends don't even chill with your
friends and you treat the situation like
a speed-dating just from guy to guy to
guy to guy and personally I'm confused
because I don't see how you getting
herpes from some random guy is gonna be
more fun than you chilling with us okay
because Destiny's Child just started to
play and you won't know what's up okay
if she's about to get cut brazii
up in here are you gonna ditch me for
some syphilis that ain't right moving on
dear one male friend that we all have
and if you think you do not have this
male friend you are that person who gets
drunk and starts perming on every girl
yeah hello hi if I wanted the theme of
my party to be creeper I would have
invited all my uncle's I hate when I
invite a friend and he gets drunk and
that starts hitting on all my other
girlfriends it's annoying it's
embarrassing and you look like a hot
mess
it's literally like you get drunk and
out every girl has this built-in
restraining order you walk her to the
dance floor and you just see girls
dispersing cuz they're avoiding you it's
like a game of Marco Polo except I said
your eyes are open and you ain't saying
Marco and we ain't saying cool polo
you know he's nothing like that you just
annoy he's not drinking let me give you
just a general rule of thumb okay and
that's your part of why I'm seeing me
you sweating being drunk slurring your
words tripping and smelling like Crown
Royal isn't gonna get you girls last but
not least I think the most annoying
person at a party is that person who
ain't even at the party because they
flop every time you know I'm talking
about that person who's like the first
to click attending on your event text
you be good I can't wait let me know if
I should bring something and then they
always flop and never show up like I
don't get you I make my facebook event
you were literally the first person to
click attending if you've got that
notification you're like attending then
why do you do that do you feel like it
makes you some sort of like social media
boss because you're
actually attending 20 events that you
never show up to let me tell you about
this situation okay I need you to listen
really closely right now you told me you
were coming and I ordered pizza
accordingly okay and then I get to my
party and I have three leftover
pepperoni slices someone's gonna get cut
okay cuz I don't play because we both
know that last night I stayed up
calculating how many slices to get per
person okay so I'm at my party
and you're sitting at home watching TV
and I'm standing here and I'm holding
these three pepperoni slices I'm gonna
be thinking of ways to hurt you this
ain't a joke no but we'll talk why did I
get the party size pizza you think I'm
playing and that's it for this video
make sure you rate commenting click that
subscribe button cuz I do make new
videos every Monday and Thursday also if
you have an iPhone or an Android and no
money no problem you can now download
the official Superman app for iPhone and
Android is completely free so make sure
you check that one love superwoman that
is a wrap and Zoop yo what's up players
I hope you enjoyed that video as per
usual you can click there to watch my
last video if you're in the Toronto area
and you have nothing to do this Friday
October 4th I'm gonna tell you what to
do right now my homeboy
aka inquisitive illustration aka amazing
artists from the UK is holding his
Toronto exhibit it is nineteen plus
happening in downtown Toronto all that
information is in the description on how
you can get tickets experience some
artwork experience some awesome time
it's gonna be awesome sauce so Friday
you in the Toronto area click the
description not click it check it and
click the links in there just read order
you know what I'm saying just do it guy
bye
