what remember ones are girls so program
today's my happy birthday that's why
today I turned 25 what is my life so I
thought I would give myself a little
break I don't have a run today I don't
have a schedule never scared of anything
I just had me and the Canada and I just
wanted to say thank you so much for all
the birthday wishes I've been getting
tweets non-stop emails I checked my p.o
box and have a whole bunch of gifts and
I'm just so overwhelmed so thank you so
much for all the birthday wishes and I
see that everything that I've done this
year been absolutely amazing and that's
because of all your love and support so
thank you so so so much
and um I don't want anything with my
birthday because I really have
everything I need but if I could ask for
one thing for my birthday actually two
things I'd change my mind I can ask for
two things my birthday number one would
be I love my job
YouTube is my job I love it I love
making people laugh and smile for my
birthday all I want you to do is post
your favorite superwoman video on your
Facebook wall or tweet it and tell a
friend about superformance that our team
super family can get bigger number two
is I want you to genuinely think of
someone who might need a hug today or
complement today and go home and
compliment them I know it sounds really
pansy
but I am Pandi and I am jewnicorn so go
find someone whether it's your parents
your friends I'm here and talks in a
while some of them might need a
pick-me-up and give them a hug and a
kiss that's a lot for my birthday just
to make the world a better place and
thanks so much for your love and support
and before I go I just want to say I
know it's not a proper video and I'm not
making you wall but in case you don't
know my app is out for iPhone and
Android that's where you can download
the official supermoon app for iPhone
and Android it has audio videos photos
all that good stuff so check it out
right now is number 17 on the top charts
for free download so let's just climb
that up and get a little bit higher and
before I go I just want to celebrate my
birthday with you so some absolute cutie
emailed me a birthday beat that he made
for my birthday to celebrate so I
thought I would just dance and we could
dance together so check it out
superwoman
Oh
