oh snap what up t-shirt reference just
right off the bat what if everyone it's
your girl superwoman and every time I
ask what you guys want to see on my
Facebook fan page without fail I always
get three answers number one your face
so hey
number two boobies so you and number
three your parent character so welcome
to my parents do this part to nothing
for some deranged reason you haven't
seen part one yet what you need to do is
stop right there click this link all my
parents do this part one watch that then
watch my kids do this part one actor do
got all back homework you couldn't come
chill with us over here in the cool Club
so go watch those two videos and then
come back here I'm baking go now don't
get me wrong okay I love my parents I
mean my mom let me do poopy in her tummy
for nine months what's there not to love
but once in a while my parental unit
does a few things now I'm just like kiss
go what no for reals though what dish
mer I definitely will
you know now your parents have any type
of standards I can almost guarantee you
that those standards will be double ones
double standards for days now I always
get in trouble for not answering my
phone and to be fair it's usually for
legitimate reasons like you know I'm in
a movie I'm hitting on guys I'm carrying
too many Burger King combos but then
when I call them on back this is what
happens yeah just me one second Lily why
we have four huh more than I'm in a
meeting
I'm in a meeting be lucky if I I buy you
cell phone if you never couldn't answer
mom the last time I bought the stone
myself a mini meeting what's up phone
Jackie I've got okay what is somebody
dying but is something important okay
I'm sorry
is everything okay what's wrong huh
idiot what's all okay listen you need
something grossie come on get food by
but then those millions of times where
my mom doesn't answer her phone this is
a situation
hello hello why do you have a phone dude
good idea I'm calling one freaking dime
upstairs
hey yep
get a guy's message what topic are
dunking this study uncle captain bunny
are you serious right now
13 are you gonna hey OH
and the absolute worst is driving
related tickets speeding tickets parking
tickets cuz the other day I got a
speeding ticket and this is what
happened oh my god can you believe it I
got a speeding ticket because I was 10
kilometers over he I swear to god the
cop was such a douchebag he was so
stupid kind of no gun go up
dr. bang bang Gavin shut up got okay do
get stupid okay because you drive in
your zone form I was in ICU okay the red
light text message okay green light -
doing paper yellow light green do to do
driving like this hot goes driving like
this
I swear to God I wasn't no
responsibility movement I am up paying a
shot 34 guy I can't afford okay good
useless and then the very next day my
dad gets a speeding ticket and this is
what happens I swear to God this country
so bloody racist I get the betting
ticket I'm going on the speed limit
limit here I know little bit here and
it'll but no I own a jack limit Qi I
know what this guide is guy thinking
over this brown guy loop this Becky or
he didn't curry I'm gonna give him two
gets wrong bloody $300 ticket this is
like okay
the system's crap thank God I see a
swastika NIT dime Wow Woodstock mouthful
next is a little thing I like to call p
CD which stands for parental compulsive
disorder you know exactly what I'm
talking about the need your parents have
to tell you the same thing a hundred
times in five minutes like I've already
said I'm going to do it but they're just
gonna keep asking you do it over and
over over like you telling me to put my
shoes away 60 times in 3 minutes isn't
gonna make me put my shoes away what is
gonna do it turned me into a future
chief robert drug dealer okay because i
am not happy right now
this is how convicts are born people
because you keep telling you this
in there like Lily buy your shoe in
front put it away yeah my mother Lily
you put your shoe mom I'll do it I'm
just reading something hello you put
your schwarmann mom I said I will do it
and we try to finish this chapter I
don't lose my spot points so money then
oh boy too many girls don't okay gun
court case onto it up okay you put your
shoe okay right now mom how do I ever
lose my spot Lily put your shoe away how
many time I tell you but shoe away why
didn't I ask you do something
sure put it away my god okay man
mom where's my book key I put it away
what I fully just left a marker telling
you I can't lose my spot you look at
that possible evening everything
everywhere well put a cleaner home hey
last thing my parents are always
complaining about their aching bodies
you know been hurting shoulders legs
hurting everything they do they're like
my mom's hit just have the permanent
palm print she's always walking like
this so mockolate and I get it I get it
you worked really hard you're getting
old I get it but then for some reason
when my mom wants to beat me she turns
into an Olympian and I'm not being wrong
okay I'm fucking gold metal you ever
talk back to your parents okay let me
tell you something there is nothing in
this world that will stop a parent who
wants to beat their child there will be
a natural disaster going on okay
hurricane going on people are evacuating
there's ambulances everywhere but
somewhere in that situation a brown kid
is getting beat because let me tell you
our parents could be aching old and
hurting but when they want to smack you
ain't nothing stopping them okay hello
to embed this one okay mom no I'm not
wearing that I'm 24
all okay this has Barbie on it boy dumb
idiot you telling me yesterday I going
party concert
France was Nicki Minaj same thing it's
not the same thing i buy this one you
have to wear this one no ma no I don't
care I don't care I'm not wearing it
what you said to me a good vet this one
my god
okay you're bluffing
I told you I told you if I find
different I told you where this one's
gonna hurt yourself okay
what the Golisano get when you come home
pick up boo back in my book
anyways mummy daddy if you're watching I
love you so much
what um and I hope that we can go out
and have McDonald's today I won't happy
me make sure you read comments and click
that subscribe button because I do make
new videos every Monday and Thursday and
hold up wait a minute let me put an
advertisement in it
damn boy your name must be Chris Brown
because my heart is saying yeah yeah
yeah boy you got me feelin so crazy in
love because I'm speechless
cuz you so hot eggs beyond say oh whoa
oh whoa boy I'm a deer and let's just
say your headlights because I see you
and I'm like you know boy i'ma show you
so many special skills that you will go
my resume under past work experience now
say whoa oh you so I'm so other alert
alert alert alert alert alert alert
alert shamelessly hitting on guys that
are too hot for words yeah there's
for that news comes our new videos
awesomesauce oh snap
one love superwoman that is a wrap and
whatever I hope you enjoyed that video
click right there to check on my last
video also huge shout out to Volkers
letting Souza's awesomesauce scooters
are so much fun fulfilling in their
scriptures that are all behind the
scenes and if you want a special team
super discount on one of these fine
scooters click the link in description
two guys you shut up the video see you
soon
