whatever wanted to girl superwoman and
chances are if your mom is anything like
my mom she has an addiction to shopping
at places like Bed Bath and Beyond or
whatever type of similar store you have
whatever you live and I've discussed
this in a previous video called shopping
with parents and the reason I need to
redress this issue is because sure
enough my mom went shopping today at Bed
Bath & Beyond and came home with a bag
for random products that she feels I
need just notice this is medieval times
yeah it's a recycle bag awkward wouldn't
mind me some medieval times with some
Knights right now I mean why am I just
always so flirtatious what the hell is
my problem back to the point and to be
honest what I've never buys me things I
usually never use them but I promised
myself this time I would not only use
everything she bought me but I would use
it for multiple purposes but before I
begin let me just take a little drink
out of my really necessary new kool Kat
water bottle oh let me just hold on wipe
off here with this new towel because we
don't have a closet full of those
already ok so the first thing this is
really cool I in my life this is really
cool
basically it's a laundry bag that says
hot mess and here's the thing because I
travel so much my mom feels the need to
buy me everything and anything that's
travel friendly aka this is put my dirty
Katya banana and frigging socks off in
when I could I would oh gosh boom and
let me tell you I already know how else
imma use this yo girl did Drake's new
album drive today cuz I saw you and
nothing was the same in my pine nuts huh
girl I just wanna love that girl
there we go that's better Instagram I'm
not drunk okay I'm drunk okay I'm not
I'm not drunk okay I'm not I'm not drunk
okay hey you hey you hey you you know
what you are my mom also bought this
huge picture that says family rules and
has all these things like listen to your
parents share do your best so this
happened well really you know I never
even here I helped you remember this one
family rules okay trying new things that
yeah
chef need this one okay mom for the last
time I'm lactose sensitive get sensitive
of course you wanna be sensitive okay
all day you spend on the phone really
oi notice one look the fun listen to
parents pony this is the rule it family
you know why am i from ahead so I
already know how I would use this
hostage is already done uh-uh-uh
don't forget family rules use kind words
yeah akia a whore get touchy I hate
everybody in this bloody house I aah aah
mom don't forget family rules see I love
you you get them wha what the hell
they're following the family rules
II guess what do you say for me I gave
you nine month in my stomach okay you
don't tell me Guddi family noon you
bought it you bought a deal on yeah I
also my bathroom why don't use that one
okay I'm not even sure what this one is
here something called steer epod let's
venture okay so no no no what are you
research shows that when you leave your
toothbrush in the bathroom it's a magnet
for bacteria
what oh my god are they talking about
poo am i brushing my teeth with back
teeth
tell me boy this dairy pod
papers that kill germs no batteries
needed just clip it on replace every
three months oh and of course here's the
money line perfect for traveling that's
the one that caught my mom it's like my
mom picked up and look okay oh that's
okay thirty that's fine no problem
traveling lady need this one she said
take to reboot 2d and look she got me
colors so I can kill the poo particles
on my toothbrush in fashion didactic
dying
skittles and honestly this is great for
me because when I pack I usually should
put my toothbrush in between like my
underwear in my shoes
oh my god wait if this gets rid of
unwanted things I already know how else
I may use mastery pods hey happy
birthday your thanks guy mmm I got you
this
yo some ring da days guy I would put
this on right now alright oh my god I
don't mean to be forward but you look
really beautiful
I just do my pants fit and my wire belt
feel like a new man right now
I feel like I never want to go to Boston
Pizza again my boys and be loud and
rowdy just seemed so silly and I know
that if you've ever been upset it's been
for such valid reasons not because
you're on your period that's just stupid
to say you're so gorgeous and I would
love to take you out and shruts me I
know the importance of yours what's this
no yeah
this chick wants to get in my pants
dive come here Stevie pause Saban's e-1
what the fun y'all good fit anything
cocky with reason you just hit it normal
do it done but when we're accommodating
no currently oh my god mom I said I'll
do it
sit down do it tech TV self got
something to party put it over here what
is this Lee Papa please when you finish
eating wash dishes okay
of course mom good girl I love you but
what your business me such a good girl
don't give me useless have to part in
another thing off with her up Stevie pod
oh dear poor mama what a prop reference
anyways I'm on my way to Vancouver so I
needs to go but if for some reason your
mom doesn't love you and she doesn't buy
you a stirry pop because she wanted a
brush your teeth with poopoo then you
know what click the link in the
description to find out where you can
get one if you don't have a Bed Bath and
Beyond you you and if you'll have a Bed
Bath & Beyond near you then clearly
you're too far from Brampton but wait
before I go you know what else I should
announce wait for you
the fucking wrong body your combo the
chicken see the me boy what you're doing
I'm just having fun recording aha
or said mini kiss Buddy Holly super
woman does it go
look the go hi
exactly it did not get in your car
tonight I know hi Ella bitch a team-up
you're exactly but Alan to carry y'all
can you do what I'm proud of you
thanks mom drawing superwoman under the
bus so you appear to be an amazing child
yep there's an app for that use photos
audio videos awesomesauce oh snap make
sure you rate comment and click that
subscribe button cuz I do make videos
every Monday and Thursday
one love superwoman that is a wrap and
Stan mihad Zoo now lice in a while
something on social media will really
just
earthkam you just be like oh and that's
a big statement because like to be
honest I don't care about a lot of
things
