you knew this was coming
whatever Guenter girl superwoman now ice
in a while something on social media
will really just perk me you'll just be
like oh and that's a big statement
because life to be honest I don't care
about a lot of things but having said
that might put that on my facebook my
everything has just exploded over the
issue of Miss America and if for some
reason - living under a rocking you're
not familiar let me give you the follow
one one basically the first ever Indian
American emphasis on American aka Miss
New York emphasis on New York in America
won Miss America and her name is Nina
davuluri so let's talk about this for a
second now Nina wins Miss America and go
everyone's celebrating especially us
Indians we in Canada like he needs an
India like in the UK like John
and let's be real even the non-indians
are happy about the diversity they just
like everybody's happy except of course
of course you know what happens when one
person's awesome and succeeds those
little hating leeches jump onto social
media and they're like Twitter now if
you know anything about me you know I'm
hella allergic to ignorance like I just
cannot stand ignorance okay and before I
begin let me just say this video is not
targeting or pointing a finger at all
Americans or all people who have white
skin no no no I'm Canadian Americans I
love you I am your neighbor okay knock
on my door ask me for some sugar I got
you do many can be shitty but this is
addressing all those Americans and
people with white skin that desire to be
douchebags jump on Twitter and start
saying stupid garbage as such numero uno
oh sorry was that not American enough
number one don't you have to be American
to win Miss America
before we begin hold just somebody here
you know what Weber wrote this tweet
this is for you you're a freakin genius
I hope you use it as a car seat yeah you
sit on it and then your bum turns into
the effing Grand Canyon don't you have
to be American to be me but I'm sorry I
told you allergies so suddenly everyone
who doesn't have white skin is an
American oh yeah I just really
understand quite a person who made this
tweet didn't make the rules for Miss
America yeah I'm sure that President
Obama the person who runs your country
strongly agrees right on one second
shall we move on here we go oh look
Egypt dancing isn't this America just so
much ignorance straight-up bro you ain't
even in the white continent right now
like your issues go beyond ignorance you
need an F an atlas and hopefully you can
use that Atlas because just XY that ish
coordinates find the location of where
your common sense should be because
apparently it ain't so common so in the
words of Egypt India and Ross big inning
inning inning inning inning ding-ding
are you ready this is this one's a good
one are you serious missing
America what a slap in the face to 911
no your videos not frozen YouTube fun
this is just my faith in humanity
plummeting I don't get how you could
tweet this and a little Twitter bird
from your screen didn't just pop out and
take several craps all over you like I'm
sorry do you think that every non-white
person in the Twin Towers did not die or
was not affected like only white people
were affected by 9/11 stop stop to think
all types of Americans with different
skin colors were affected by 9/11 you
douche bag like who gave you the right
to decide who is the enemy and who is
the victim here it's like you're playing
a game of tag by yourself and just going
up you're like oh you're right move it
and you know what a girl tweeted this
it's like you saw Nina on TV and you're
like oh my god she's so high she's so
sexy and now I feel insecure you know
what I'm gonna blame her for 9/11 but
what is this a normal response do you go
to a club see you girl she looks really
hot and she's wearing a nice dress nicer
than your so you feel all like I'm
pretty nothing I go you know what use a
terrorist do you have a single rational
thought look at you shop here how's this
for a terrorist joke okay Nina has a
fifty thousand dollar scholarship Fame
and her body is more bomb than yours
will ever be how's that for terrorism uh
you know I know you're a terrorist for
making my brain explode with your
stupidity an Arab won Miss America aka
Miss al Qaeda hey hey your skin is white
Snow White is white the dwarfs were
white oh my god you're a door oh my god
also my toilet paper is white your skin
is white oh my god should I wipe my crap
with your mouth but you know what
looks like there's already enough crap
coming out of there already hear me loud
and clear right now okay dear dingus
bats Arabs and Indians are not the same
thing and to be honest I didn't care to
make that differentiation because even
if Nina was Arab I'd still be making
this video
the fact remains she can be Arab Indian
sure Lankan Pakistani it doesn't matter
she ain't a terrorist oh because the few
Americans I tweeted seem to hate now
Indians and Arabs that's interesting
because every time I go to New York
there's always two places where I find
the most Americans the number one would
be the Cathedral company Indian food and
number two would be the long line ups by
the falafel trucks Middle Eastern you
don't like Indians and Arabs you don't
like people with brown skin you know
what the next time I see you with a
plate of butter chicken
I must smack you so hard that you won't
even give the sea colors to be racist
and honestly I could read several other
tweets just like this but nah Superman
ain't about that life I keep a positive
so basically what I want to say is Mena
you're going through some hard times
right now and I just want to say that we
support you understanding but let me
just tell you something okay I'm not
standing by you because I'm Indian
I'm standing by you as a woman even as a
human being because it's hard enough to
even be in a competition like Miss
America there's a whole lot of issues
even surrounding pageants on their own
I'm not arguing about pageants or right
or wrong I'm saying to be in a
competition like that difficult and then
to win and then deal with this BS that
ain't right so as a human being I
support you you should be damn proud and
I'm well aware that a status or videos
not gonna change ignorant people and
chances are half the people that tweeted
these things won't even see the video
why because miraculously their Twitter
got deleted now so this right here is my
way to bring the positivity back because
I believe in unicorn power okay I want
you to go grab a drink any drink okay
pour na juice orange juice vodka
whatever you want pause the video go do
that come back over here hello
so right here in my hand I have a small
fraction of all the positive tweets and
I say fraction because there's thousands
of positive tweets supporting Mina and
supporting diversity and they're all my
hand look we got pitbull Congrats to
Nina for winning Miss America great job
mamacita aka die we got Kunal Nayyar we
got Tyra Banks we got all this
positivity right here so I propose a
toast this is not only to Miss America
but to something bigger this right here
is to equality to one love to standing
up against tape but most importantly
this right here is for showering the
world
to me because that will always win and
Cheers
and I just got 10 paper cuts so worth it
and that's it you know I'm sorry to find
this video funny before an entertainer
I'm a real person and I have values and
some things bother me and I like to
express them in my way so hope you
enjoyed the video if you agree with what
I'm saying I want to share the video
links are in the description to share it
on Twitter and Facebook as for me I make
new videos every Monday and Thursday so
click that subscribe button to check
those out one love superwoman that is a
wrap and standby for the announcement
Zoop you know pretty nice when you have
makeup on oh no like you need makeup I
mean you don't even eat clothes what oh
no like that I mean you don't need nice
clothes I mean what you want is perfect
I mean ah that's okay can we get a drink
over hey can you get the bill here
please Thanks I mean you're beautiful
when and you're free and you're gorgeous
and Shh
I know stupid my friend what are you
doing there is app for that go get that
mama baby my your baby you stopping my
heart like paper roll
getting girls when you have absolutely
no game look there's an app for that
news photos audio videos awesomesauce oh
snap
