Oh what everyone into girls Superman on
top comment under my status on Facebook
was do a video while annoying types of
excess so here you go type some X's Adam
put annoying because I thought it might
be a bit weird ending cuz like don't
annoying and X's mean the same thing are
you ready are you ready are you ready
let's do to do it
number one the booty call so we get it
you ain't right for each other he's a
douchebag yourself this you guys are
less compatible than like Taylor Swift
and Kanye West number let you finish but
that was one of the best analogies of
all time
so if that noise yo y'all about the
single life died until you watch any
movie with Channing Tatum and then your
vajayjay literally jumps off turns
around and stares at you with those cold
eyes just like this is my rotation what
am I gonna do now yeah you might be a
douchebag you might have commitment
issues but the fact remains that right
now your panties on fire and he's a
firefighter you my friend have
biological needs okay so what you do you
pick up the phone you call him he's
sending my text you accidentally
snapchat him and to make matters worse
to encourage you to call your ex as a
booty call they're probably so used to
you so now you don't have to shave your
legs all signs are pointing to go I get
it but let me just tell you that turning
your ex into your booty call is just
asking for all types of complications in
the beginning of course you're both can
they go no it's just for physical
pleasure all you think there's no
strings attached
we are wireless but then one name one of
you two is gonna call the other you're
like oh hey no I just I just called to
see how you are and then the other
person's gonna be like you called to see
how I am don't be ridiculous
I think the audacity of you to be
calling me to ask me how I don't pay
consider okay you ain't horny
don't call me honestly what if you think
this is a relationship calling me for
stuff other than my booty Shh
and when that happens please watch this
video again and listen to me stay use
cray
number two the curry stain how many of
you have ever dropped like curry or
holiday on your shirt yeah I have - I -
yeah ten years ago it's still there let
me give you nan curry
and equivalent to this um gravy for your
white folks gravies Dana I don't need to
isolate you I just feel like everyone
else eats curry and you're kind of just
scared of it anyways the point is that
curry stains don't get out and just like
that we all have that one ex who just
will not go away from our heart either
they were our first love our first major
relationship really significant to us
change this in some way and I will
always have that spot in our hearts and
get nothing before you sit there and
you're probably sitting there with your
current boyfriend being like oh no I
don't know
stopping in denial I'm not saying you
still like that person you want to be
with that person but the fact remains
that you are emotionally attached to
that person and will be forever
sorry poor thing and it's so annoying
because you are trying to move on in
life okay but that damn curry stain on
your heart be giving you heartburn from
time to time I need some emotional tums
up in this joint number three the quick
fix
yo-yo cases you ever dated someone and
then like things didn't work out and
then like they're so insecure and
arrogant that two days later they need
to rush and move on with someone else
and they want the world to know that
they've moved on in that use of yeah you
hi you you you know what I wish you or a
circus freak more specifically I wish
you our contortionist you know the
people that can bend their bodies and
all types of weird ways it I wish you
with that because then not only could I
put all of your crap in a box to the
left but then you could also sit in that
box it'll advocate you could just pick
your body and literally in that box
after yourself because you are so
annoying
let me get this straight we broke up in
two days later you're gonna change your
facebook status to in a relationship now
you're posting Instagram pictures new
facebook profile picture with some
ratchet ho okay let me break this down
for you that girl that it took you two
days to get isn't gonna be even half the
woman it took you months to obtain okay
so have fun with miss Polly Pocket and
your basic self all my men and ladies
can I get an amen church number four I
think it's four I'm always sure optimist
fine
so let me get this straight let me get
this Rick when we were going out you
were a hot effin mess okay never put
effort into every little thing good if
there were lyrics to describe you would
be sweatpants hair tie chillin with no
makeup on that's when you need to shut
the eff up get up and fix yourself okay
because you always looking like a
disaster but that's cool that's cool
I didn't mind I think my cuz I'm not
shallow you're still sweetheart and I
still loved you but now somehow we
broken up and you've transformed from
that broken blackberry who could never
turn on for me and to Optimus fine what
or you go to the gym now you oh now you
know how to dress all of a sudden what
am I gonna do now hi hello excuse me I'm
supposed to be sitting you're on
Facebook stalking your profile feeling
amazing because I'm no longer with you
and I'm better than you how am I
supposed to do that when suddenly you
look sexy because when we were together
you had no problem looking like an S an
or okay but now suddenly you have biceps
okay don't be selfish you're messing
with my recovery number five the
boomerang we all have that one
relationship that went sour for whatever
reasons didn't work out fine whatever
you just want to move on forget that
chocolate of your life and just totally
dismiss it but you can't why because
your ex is everywhere as many times you
throw that boy or girl away they just
come flying right back into your life
are you going to a friend's party
they'll be there oh are you on facebook
he's there oh are you going to school
he's there oh I need to go see my best
friend because I feel sad
oh she's dating her like honestly it's
ridiculous even's a mug tweet something
and there's an X at the end of that to
get the F out of my life because
everything you've ever said to me was a
lie and let's not forget the most
important part here I'm sick and tired
of having to go to a party okay and
looking twenty times better than I
actually care about looking okay because
if this was any other party that you
weren't that I'm wearing jeans a top and
comfortable flat but I saw you click
attending and now I'm wearing a new
dress and stilettos honestly I can't
afford this like please just leave my
life I swear to god I would sacrifice
one of my
just to get rid of you have a friend
make them have a fake wedding on the top
of a cliff make them leave their Gundy
you follow them just vanity right at the
clip I'm sorry friend I love you but
like this is what I mean anyways that's
just a few of the types of annoying exes
if you know any other ones and I forgot
comment below because I love you in your
opinion also make sure you rate comment
and click that subscribe button because
I do make new videos every Monday and
Thursday but before I go I have a
special announcement your goals and
wrong my mom what are you saying
come on one little yellow key the tape
I'm going up on go on Sonia go on pretty
pretty cool
I never heard before push it how did you
scolding your kids for absolutely no
reason there's an app for that news
photos audio videos awesomesauce oh snap
one love superwoman that is a wrap and
right
swag having said that though there are
some scenarios in life in which I have
zero self control and I'm sure you can
relate some welcome to twenty situations
in which I have no self-control
number one Cinnabon
