first of all can we just all take a
second to recognize that I am matching
my shirt so so be firing them to get
Chuck before I even begin this video
y'all just need to click the thumbs up
for that red X what up everyone it's
your girl is so prominent hi so I'm a
pretty strong person like I have a lot
of really good self control for example
I'm a vegetarian
okay by choice that means I know exactly
what bacon tastes like but I still
choose not to eat it all so I don't
swear again by choice you know how hard
it is for me just sing along with YMCMB
in the club having said that though
there are some scenarios in life in
which I have zero self control and I'm
sure you can relate so welcome to 20
situations in which I have no
self-control
number one Cinnabon I swear to God I can
learn them all for any reason but
somehow someway the result is gonna be
me getting a Cinnabon today for example
I went to the mall to buy something I
saw Cinnabon and you might be tempted so
I walked by ran by like this I don't do
it don't do it got home feeling proud
look down and I'm like how did this
happen I don't even get like how the
hell someone has not made a perfume or
clone from the scent of Cinnabon like I
swear forget the mint the flowers the
ocean breeze give me a man who smells
like said about I swear to God on four
kids right now number two I don't think
I've ever approached a crosswalk and
then press that crosswalk button just
once in my entire life because you and I
both know when we get to a crosswalk we
don't just push that button okay we
physically assault that button I always
press the button once because I want to
be all mature about the situation and
then that lasts about five seconds
walking through a crosswalk like okay I
have a problem number three yeah okay in
the morning I can press my snooze button
for three hours every five minutes I
have no self-control with waking up in
the morning I named my alarms all types
of things my alarm be popping up then
wake up wake up now you have no choice
don't you want to be successful
wake up now or a puppy will die nothing
works number four the worst decision
I've ever made in my productive life was
liking that damn Facebook page that
shows you the best vines oh my goodness
cuz I see a bigger little bitch six
seconds obviously I can watch this six
second video i watch it and then I
watched 40 more times and I'm sitting
there for an hour watching this vine and
laughing my head off and then I want all
the related by I swear to God
whoever created vine is genius these are
six seconds of masterpieces bless you
all number five no most people on my
facebook and instagram who say first
comment I do that but in real life when
it snows because when it snows and I see
a fresh patch of snow
I will detour out of my way to go walk
in that so doesn't matter if I'm late it
doesn't matter from freezing actually
okay that did it okay stepping in this
real good huh just stepping in this
issue first number six I could be at any
type of party I could be tired not
feeling well in a bad mood and why not
boys it could be a professional setting
but the second the song comes on that
has a choreographed dance associated
with it yeah you best believe I'll be
participating in that ish just be like
hi yeah both those stock numbers you
know I really feel the stocks are
dropping
yeah anyways as I was saying listen I
really feel like we should start seeing
other people because it's not you just
oh my god baby are you really proposing
razy really proposing right now buzzing
fuck number seven when I'm upset I
cannot control the desire to Facebook
stock people I'm not particularly fond
enough for two reasons number one
because if they're all so miserable
different that's gonna make me feel
better about myself
and number two now this one's just
deranged and confusing and I don't know
why I do it but if they're my son Chad's
happy like they just got engaged or some
issue gardening job they're really happy
like that is gonna make me cry more and
make me feel more sorry for myself and
for some reason I like want that is this
just me I I don't know blame it on the
estrogen either way weather makes me sad
are happy the fact remains that so I'm
always gonna be stocked tonight number
eight I love the smell of gasoline so
much that I'm willing to brighten cells
over again let's be real okay we go gas
be hella expensive these days I'm only
gonna pump ten dollars just to make my
gas light go off but I'll be standing
there for 15 minutes as if I'm pumping
my whole time just like so nice number
nine if I see the opportunity to make a
witty sarcastic comment nothing in the
world is gonna stop me from doing that
you know I'm talking about you know the
situation's were like the situations
kind of tense and you know you should
probably just shut up and not say
anything yeah I always say something
because I love making sarcastic comments
oh I'm sorry should I not say this
absolutely genius not to mention effin
hilarious comment I had because you're
too emotional oh you're right you're
right you're right
because being boring is just so much
cooler number ten okay so let me get
this straight you're telling me that I'm
upset about something okay and I'm not
supposed to indirectly express it in 140
characters or less because right now in
my earphone in my ear there is a song
playing and it is saying a weird that
matches perfectly to this situation so
you're telling
I'm not supposed to tweet about it
nah-ah if I don't subtweet how am I
supposed to feel better about myself
while indirectly attacking you and yes
if you do ask me if it's about you I
will deny deal with it I have the
subtweet but don't worry cuz they ain't
about you
number 11 I don't do this but almost all
of my friends and family do we'll go
into McDonald's and not order like a
coke let's all order and homeboy will
grab 50 napkins from why are you pimping
out these trees up in here
why do you need so many napkins here's a
rule of thumb okay you're grabbing not
gives out of the dispenser you little
dispenser thing and you're pulling and
the napkins get stuck and you have to
twist it you know exactly what I'm
talking about you're doing maneuver to
get the pile of napkins oh yeah you need
to calm yourself what are you a damn
high you know when you eat why you need
that many napkins
number 12 yeah yeah so I don't like bugs
okay
so if I see a bug or someone mentions
bugs I kind of feel like they're all
over me and I get disgusted I can't
control that reaction so even like when
the conversation is done five minutes
later I'll just be like like you'll
never know what's happening to me am I
scared of bugs or am i Jim Carrey and I
just put the mask on like you'll never
know number 13 I say lol after
everything the acronym has lost all
meaning
am i mad am i sad happy nervous it
doesn't matter cuz I'd be saying lol
after everything why because I'm really
not laughing out loud I'm just an idiot
lol number 14 I've been cruising in my
car and I turn on the radio and my
all-time favorite song is playing so
what do I do
isn't it obvious I switch through every
radio station okay because I for some
reason have to ensure that only other
options suck and then I finally switch
back to my favorite song it's almost
finished like why do I do this honestly
brain if you're grounded no more reading
for you number 15 back-to-school
shopping which I treat like shopping for
the first time ever in my life pens
pencils paper I still have 20 stacks of
paper from last year but bit for
notebooks those damn geometry sets you
happy able geometry sets I have I see
cruising dupes for buying all types of
things that I think are gonna get me to
an a-average and really I know all I
need to do to get a is deactivate
facebook
number 16 DMX just hold up a side you're
telling me you're gonna listen to this
and stand still don't hide yourself the
day I stand still to a DMX song is the
day that I lose my F in Seoul okay
because when DMX plays I in fact turn
into DMX number 17 now we both know that
we don't know any of the lyrics to any
of Busta Rhymes as verses but that
doesn't mean that we're not gonna try
every single time because when Buster
line plays you just try your best to be
a complete gang strong a dance form I
will forever and always mumble the words
or what I think are the words to Busta
Rhymes and not one word I do know I'm on
it every time I got is gonna what
connects in about what if I was gonna go
up I'm gonna fill it and kick me to the
food okay again number 18 now in the
morning before I physically get out of
bed I have to stretch while I'm still
lying down and it doesn't matter who
else in the room I have to properly
stretch and this is where I say about
stretching that if it doesn't look like
an exorcism is taking place you ain't
doing it right
I can't control I just be like
number 19 I don't care who you are you
do this you you you do this let's say
we're playing charades taboo any type of
game where someone has to guess what the
other person is trying to do so the
opposing team is going and the person
trying to get the other person to say a
word and you know the word you just have
to let it be known over and over and
over again that you know it and they
don't for example uh I don't know movie
um rabbit horse oh my god I know this I
know I know this oh my god I don't know
I'm I I don't know I just I know this oh
my god a cat oh my god so simple I just
can't even you you Lily shut the F up
you're so annoying and lastly number 20
autocorrect okay for some reason my
phone believes that gave Gav E is not a
word because it always Autoplex it to
have so I'll be typing a sentence and
I'll press ENTER now real I said oh I
have you the president when I'm going to
say I gave you the present so I'll be
okay gay enter and it does half again
I'm like Frick okay game enter and it
says half again so what I've really done
know is instead of checking and just you
know being more patient in by impulse I
keep pressing enter and it's so
frustrating I have you the president tab
how frame Oak autocorrect have herb game
why can I not just breathe and properly
say the sentence because I have to just
press ENTER after everything else what
why why anyways that's it for now you
can relate click the links in the
description to share this video because
like you know well stupid
would you just me friends about you know
what I mean also make sure you rate
comment and click that subscribe button
because I do make new videos every
Monday and Thursday
one love superwoman that is a wrap and
Zoop
in my last video the top comment was do
a video about annoying types of couples
and I was like what the sure I don't
know any annoying couples like I
legitimately kidding old I just
let's do this
