manually come & get it nananana nananana
what if everyone it's your girl so
Pullman and underneath my last video the
top comment was do a video about
annoying types of couples and I was like
what the sure I don't know any annoying
couples like I legit leaked a not think
of one annoying couple I'm totally
kidding oh then just let's do this now
before I begin let me just say that I
know I make a lot of videos that are
like annoying types of girls and going
tips and guys and going I know not
everyone's annoying and I know there's
lots of couples that even I know that
are like awesomesauce like let's be real
that's boring when's the last time you
saw a reality show called the normal
functioning Housewives of Beverly Hills
No so I would rather complain about all
the annoying people you know why because
it makes me feel better about myself
specially look let's boost our
self-esteem together shall we hold my
pinky number one the parental unit this
couple is number one because they're
possibly the most annoying people to be
friends with like straight-up their
relationship is composed of rules
regulations discipline and like bags of
stupidity they're less than a couple and
more so parents to one another hey girl
let's go out tonight oh no my boyfriend
won't let me your bro let's hit up a
club tonight guy no you're my girl
doesn't like that stuff okay do you want
to go shopping I don't know my boyfriend
hates me being around other men like
what in the actual F okay the sales
associates can ask for your visa not
your virginity just call back down but
what are you gonna do sleep with another
man in the mall just like right in the
middle in place just sleep okay there's
a difference between another man being
on top of you okay and you shopping at
top man relax your uterus not allowed to
wear this not allowed to go on here not
allowed to stay only like Ozzie keep
going you telling me that you live for
years pretending your way to the library
breaking your parents rules so you could
you know relationship with a boyfriend
and follow his rule like you're not each
other's parents stop disciplining each
other I swear the day I ever date a guy
who tells me I cannot vote with my
friends sit my favorite martini dance
like it's my birthday
where
my favorite dress okay take my visa
right now take my visa okay rank out an
entire movie theaters with hot you come
here please
take several seats just some room
several of them uh uh
number two the so kajam Maddie now for
all you noobs who are too busy like
playing Yahtzee at your family parties
and have no idea what a Sanko Jam is let
me break it down for you a soccer jam is
a party at which they play soca music
and they dance a lot and by dance alone
I mean they touch each other a lot and
by touch each other I mean that random
people will come up to you and give you
a high-five all over your body
don't touch agree but it's okay because
that's a soca jamming it's appropriate
at the soca Jam but we all know that
couple who just brings that so kajam
everywhere do like to pop in a
collection that we be in a fancy
restaurant this couple sitting right in
front of you just straight-up making up
like hi so excuse me where you gonna
order something to eat or is her tongue
all your having tonight did you want
some wine with that saliva oh oh yeah oh
no we don't need any more bread at this
table no you're good yeah he's holding
enough buns for all of us this dinner
fine this is number nine we're at a club
and they're just making a porno in the
corner we're at the beach and they're
just reacting that scene from just them
they be in the car let's just say okay
that there's more than one gear shift
that's in Drive yeah nasty number three
the bad wedgie we all know that couple
who is just absolutely dysfunctional I'm
talking they hate each other they're
always fighting
they're always disagreeing they're
always making those smart rude comments
to one another and if you're thinking
right now that oh I don't I don't think
we know a couple like that yeah
you're that couple you're always
fighting in public and it makes everyone
else feel very uncomfortable like a very
bad wedgie not just a normal wedding no
no I'm talking like you're already
wearing tight pants maybe even yoga
pants okay let's say you're even wearing
a thong you just went down a waterslide
okay now you're landed in your look mmm
that is a hard your panty is
rammed up your body hole that is what
this couple makes
you're like thanks a lot at the movies
from across the room ergo hold on one
second Danny what are you saying via
text in the cloud
just watch me
no but real talk you must have an
amazing sex life because no one else
understands why you're together I mean
like not even a genie would solve your
problems you need like trouble and but
like dr. Phil needs to come out like
seriously use EFT number four the Olsen
twins now don't get me wrong I have
nothing against couples who match when
it is appropriate for example their
wedding even if it's one of their
birthdays
I'll even accept those really lame corny
matching couple Halloween costumes okay
but couples can feel the need to match
every time you're in a public setting
yet you need to calm your panties I
personally feel like constantly having
to match the person you're with is just
equivalent to modern-day shackles and
slavery like you just want to clean that
person it's just like hi sorry excuse me
I kind of noticed that you were just
looking in the direction of my boyfriend
yeah if you just look at his tie it's
candy apple red nah no not just red but
it's candy apple red if you take a look
I'm also wearing a candy apple red dress
um and also if the wind blows and you're
lucky enough to see my panties you'll
notice that they're the same color as
his pocket square which is canary yellow
so I just wanted a pop oh okay cuz
that's my man chicks be cray over here
and I know this firsthand because in
high school I made my boyfriend buy a
new tie that was just one shade lighter
than a tie he already had what does it
look like I'm about to slack and go to
this party like we're gonna stand next
to each other and you're one shade
lighter than me we ain't no box of
Crayola number five the light switch we
all have that friend where we don't
really ask them about their boyfriend or
girlfriend cuz you never really know
what the fiddlesticks is happening with
that situation it's almost like when you
see a newborn baby you know I'm talking
about where you see a newborn baby
you're not sure if it's a girl or a boy
you're kind of like oh my god what a
cute little a burger oh yeah just like
that it could really go either way
there's just a hot mess one day they're
in love one day they hate each other
we've been together for five years
this is it we are never getting back
together but like he apologized I cannot
believe you cheat on me again
this is the last time we've been
together six years honestly maybe we're
just not right for each other I slept
with them again it's like it had been
Taylor Swift song from Hell just on and
off and on and off and on it's like the
electricity in India I swear with these
two like even Facebook laughs at you
when you try to change your status
they're just like Oh in a relationship
and Facebook is just like lol Zuckerberg
sitting over there like shut the F up
anyways let's just say that's part one
because that's real there are several
other hot mess situations online if you
liked this video and feel someone could
relate click the links in the
description to share it because sharing
is caring unless you have skittles
because then you eat those by yourself
and I'll be sharing skittles make sure
you rate comment and click that
subscribe button because I do make new
videos every Monday and Thursday and for
all of you who are gonna ask no I did
not cut my hair it's just in a clip
illusions yeah anyways one love
superwoman that is a wrap and Zoop
number one the Barbie straight-up this
chick was just born with curlers in her
hair okay she came out of her mommy with
perfect blush high heels and manicured
nails she's always so dressed up she
always looks fabulous and she always as
flawless and I'm just kidding before you
go have a skin you know and learn
nothing
