hey whatever one it's a girl superwoman
and I'm so sorry and released a video
yesterday and was have these dang
excuses I came back from London then I'm
like okay I'm really tired so I'm gonna
take a small nap and that was at 5:00
p.m. and then and then I woke up the
next day I'm sorry okay I was exhausted
honestly I am human okay okay I don't
care to be some sort of super Sally but
honestly you're the past is the past
okay welcome to this video last week I
made a video called types of annoying
guys and I told you don't worry because
I know better than anyone that girls be
crying let's be real okay I'm one period
away from a straitjacket just welcome
two types of annoying girls but up block
snap build tower and leg out number one
the Barbie straight up this chick was
just born with curlers in her hair okay
she came out of her mommy with perfect
blush high heels and manicured nails
she's always so dressed up she always
looks fabulous and she always is
flawless and to be honest to people like
me normal girls who like to wear
sweatpants once in a while you know
don't always want to straighten their
hair like to pick the occasional wedgie
in public okay you are a nuisance
because you make me look bad you know
this girl's coming from a mile away okay
because when you're singing class silent
reading all yours why because she's
wearing high heels down the hall in high
school oh hi he was in high school does
she have a backpack no she has a purse
what's in the purse a pencil can she use
the pencil no why because it's eyeliner
like it's so annoying we go to someone's
wedding and people be coming up to her
congratulating her on her wedding why
because her hair is dead her nails are
dead her saris or her men he's dead like
honestly it's my sister's wedding but
you show up with my dad right heigh-ho
just take a step out of Sephora okay and
chill the F out with your Victoria
Beckham will consult Shh number two the
WWE ka the worldwide waterworks this
girl is just obsessed with writing at
her diary okay
and her diaries name is the internet
constant facebook statuses about her
relationship about her backstabbing best
friend okay every deep thought and
emotion goes into a tweet hashtag no new
friends and she is the queen of
Instagram I'm talking
poses for days and she alters our
picture so much we're like you can't
even see her nose you know I'm talking
about you know I'm talking you know
those pictures will you see we like
where's your nose like normal girl oh my
god you're so pretty all of us on
Instagram
boom expelliarmus now what the f my
instagram doesn't have this filter on
what if i want my nose to disappear does
yours
does your Instagram have that filter God
because let's be real Punjabis would
love this consider that after Brad did
make a fortune number three the Opera
House oh okay so guess what's new and
exciting with this girl everything this
girl turns everything into such a huge
dramatic deal because she over
exaggerate everything if she was a
newspaper okay the front page would be
her broken nail followed by funeral
information oh my god oh my god he
looked at me like this is the best day
of my whole life
oh my god are you serious gas prices are
so expensive honestly everyone hates me
like you don't know if she's saying
something or if she likes wallow to be
she's like it's not that everything she
says looks like it could be part of some
dramatic musical happening in an opera
house because I'm gonna be real with you
you're saying words and you're
passionate and I'm so happy for you but
this is what you look like to the rest
of the world last night I ran out of
toilet paper and then the rest of the
world is just like and I just sat there
danten danten with tears running on
minding dude I don't know why this
happened to me overnight doing such a
good
and then after that ba-bum ba-bum
stranger poked me on Facebook
honestly do knock the scoop Alka God is
so good you can have that peace number
for the silent hurricane and why is she
called the silent hurricane because you
will destroy your house like a
homewrecker without making a sound
now let's talk here okay maybe you have
a boyfriend maybe you have a fiance a
husband someone you have a crush on any
random guy the Jews like hey I wouldn't
mind just you know you being over here
me being like on you but chances are
that guy as a close friend who was a
girl that you kind of like not know
about that but he reassures you she's
like a sister until one day you walk
into his sister sitting on his lap
sucking his neck and you're like me whoa
what's an interesting family meeting
this is the girl who's so close to so
many guys and he always thinks that
she's like a sister but secretly she's
getting close to him and using her mind
vibes okay to get that to you bump and
grind it or back and you'll know it's
her because her tactics always include a
cute nickname of inside jokes they share
together and the classic my heart is
broken and I need my closest guy friend
to console me consume me possibly in my
pants don't be fooled by her innocence
okay because she flirts she doesn't know
her limit she's harmed horny and
dangerous and you're so annoying to all
girls like that to you you know I said
you Olin that's right maybe that's why
you're always stealing my boyfriend
goddamn number five MRT aka miss Ruth
dang so apparently the rest of the world
okay miss this global broadcast that
happened proclaiming her the Queen
because apparently she walks around with
a crown on her head
maybe the rest of us don't realize
because to us that clown looks like
devil horns
this girl thinks she's all that and a
bag of chips just so rude to people
stuck-up makes fun of other people
judgemental she's that girl who won't
even smile at the guy
the poor guy that's like hi how are you
usually she doesn't even respond
verbally she just communicates to a
series of facial expressions example hey
how are you I really like your dress
sorry is this seat taken
right anywhere else and if you ever want
to be an MRT it's really easy all you
have to do is pretend like you're giving
birth to Wolverine through your butthole
okay because that's what their face
looks like all the time
number 6 miss Koopa Troopa aka a shell
of a human being that has no soul just
like Koopa Troopa walks around the
different worlds looking for Mario this
chick will just walk around our world
searching for Mario hoping to bump in to
Mario hoping to take Mario's life and
when one Mario steps on her she goes
into a little shell okay and then a few
minutes later pops out again and looks
for another Mario because she just needs
a boyfriend all the time you know those
levels were the stupid koopa troopas
like trap she's walking back and forth
yeah that's her in a club just between
the bar and the DJ was just like Mario
Mario Mario her sole purpose is to have
a Mario she just has no existence of her
own no concept of herself if her life
were a Disney movie it would be called
and the Beast god girls you're crazy I'm
all of those things no I'm serious I'm
like oh but maybe if you wanted you know
a girl like this but you don't want like
seriously tell her she's crazy because I
feel like she might get offended stuff
you could just click the links in the
description to share it on Twitter and
Facebook or just posted on her wall to
the hey check out this video girl
describes you perfectly uh-huh just
kidding
also make sure you read comment and
click that subscribe button because I do
make new videos every Monday and
Thursday and less I knock out and sleep
forever and then I do it another day
anyways one love superwoman that is a
wrap and you wait stop don't go yet I
have a little bit of news for you as
some of you may know I do hold an annual
fucking a competition here in Toronto if
you don't know fungus it's this okay
it's an annual dance competition that is
like my baby Fowler's drink it would be
my ovo and right now we're looking for
sponsors I'm that can benefit from not
only the over thousand people that are
gonna be there but also from my online
audience so if you're interested in
being a sponsor party Topanga email us
at TDOT funda at gmail.com or check out
our website triple w triple wtdeluca com
I'll put the link and all that stuff in
description and yeah you'll be awesome
if you want to support that cause or it
sounds like something you want to do
then yeah do it because I'm passionate
about it and I'd like to encourage you
to participate in the arts and focus on
positive things with their efforts and
energy so that's all hope you enjoyed
the video and them I love you
