I tell you what everyone's your girl
super whatever girl is super and most
beautiful and most challenging for being
youtubers that you can do it every 180
amazing don't watch oh yeah super on my
last thing I make sure that I hit
100,000 subscribers so much to me in
fact you take congregate watch my videos
like or dislike them comment them I can
subscribe me so much because my success
is heavily dependent on all thank you so
much for everyone who's ever come to my
said anything comment like my because I
really really appreciated
honestly thank you so much for soul
blast oh oh this open oh yeah I hit 1
million subscribers what if everyone
it's a girl's still prone that's why
I've been so blessed by your support to
hit 1 million subscribers and so I
thought I'd make this video just very
real very from my heart not scripted
just raw emotion saying thank you so
much I truthfully consider all of you to
be more than just viewers I continue to
be family friends you're always there
for me and so I thought we could go
through this journey together and kind
of take a walk down memory lane of what
the past million subscriber path journey
has been I just want to say that if you
know anything about me you know I have a
vision board and my vision board is
right above my bed and I wake up every
morning and I see my vision board and I
have a whole bunch of stuff on it places
I want to see people I want to meet
things I want to accomplish and one of
the things that was on my vision board
was to hit 100,000 subscribers and I
remember when I made that vision board I
didn't even like the thought didn't
occur to me to put a million subscribers
so I was like that is so far-fetched and
I don't think that's gonna happen so
it's never even made it onto my vision
board so the fact that I look at my
channel now
when I see one man subscriber seems
completely unreal to me like I know may
not be a big deal to you to other people
and I feel like Kings coach needs to
relax but to me it's a huge deal because
I never ever thought it would happen so
first and foremost I want to say thank
you so much for teaching me that my
dreams don't have to have a limit and
the next time I update my vision board
I'm just gonna let my thoughts run wild
and put whatever I can imagine because
you taught me that
there are no limits the sky is actually
limit because I have frickin I'm a
million people care about my face like a
million people think oh my god she's
kind of entertaining let's click this
button I'm an FA weirdo and a million
people like that I want to just take
this opportunity to bring it back to why
I started what I'm doing which is
YouTube videos which is my message of
positivity which is the whole unicorn
thing why I'm doing it
be completely honest with you yes it
feels amazing to have a million
subscribers but the numbers and the
staff and use none of those things
matter as much as what I'm about to say
right now and that is what actually
matters if someone comes up to me and
says you suck at what you're doing you
should stop your YouTube videos and I
can't believe people watching you're not
even ten you're any funny you know yeah
I could give you a list of stats the way
I'd rather give you is all the emails
and all the messages and all the posts I
get that say things like super open I
just wanna let you know you helped me
get over depression I just want to let
you know that I had a terrible day and I
was thinking about doing something
really stupid and your videos of the
reason that I live another day like
things that heavy people message me I
was in Australia recently and someone
came up to me and actually said I just
want to take a minute to tell you that I
self-harm myself and I was really
tempted to continue that one night and I
watched your video and your video was
the sole reason I did not harm myself
that night so I feel like that is way
more important that any number will ever
be that any amount of subscribers and
any amounts of views sort of people who
say to me stop doing what you're doing
I'm not going to show you any of that
stuff what I'm going to tell you is that
I'm doing exactly what I set out to do
and that is to make
difference and thank you so much for
giving me the opportunity giving me that
trust giving me that time of your day so
I can come into your lives means so much
to you and I can promise you 1 million 2
million 3 million if I'm blessed to even
go beyond that million subscribers my
mission will always remain the same and
as to make people smile make people
realize how beautiful life can be in our
mind and that you are perfect the way
you are and you deserve to be happy
and David on my journey like I'm so
mind-blowing on the places like get to
go you know London Australia New York
Vancouver Calgary just to name a few
like these are places I would never have
got to visit if it wasn't for all of you
not to mention that every time I'm
watching my favorite youtubers I go to
their channel Mike oh my god
yep this my subscribers and I get like
so intimidated and like oh my god
they're so cool and that's how I view
other youtubers and to go places and
meet those same people that I look up to
so much has it's been such an honor and
so inspirational lastly I just want to
say that I don't believe in the label
best friends I don't believe that
because I don't think you should have to
measure someone's level of friendship
but having said that a lot of times
people would describe the best friend as
someone who is there for them who gets
them who support them who accepts them
makes them laugh when they're sad and
that is the definition as sappy and
corny as this sounds I sometimes
truthfully feel like all of you are that
person for me because no matter what I
go through you're always there to say
suprem it's ok take a break to thing or
smile over here for your team supers
here for you and even when I hit a
million subscribers no one was happier
for me than all of you all the support
you sent me and it means so much that
you would celebrate an accomplishment
that means so much to me even though it
may not mean too much to you and that
means a lot to me so thank you so much
for being like my best friend in times
when I really needed it because I get
really lonely traveling going places and
I like to do is jump on Twitter and you
make it all better
I'm going to shut up now because I'm
getting emotional and sappy I just
wanted to say thank you so so much this
is a dream come true for me
I freaking love you all and here's
hopefully to a million more subscribers
because we're not just youtuber viewer
relationship we's family so here's to a
milli
more smells that will join our family we
can only hope so also if you want to see
how I actually celebrated hitting 1
million subscribers you can click right
there go to that video it's my party
it's on my blog channel just let you
know it's not gonna work on mobile
because of copyrights mam santim ha but
you can check it out and be back with
the bunny
lastly wouldn't be right if I didn't
properly celebrate with all of you so I
am gonna do a livestream tomorrow
Tuesday at 6 o'clock p.m. Eastern
Standard Time all that information will
be on my Facebook and Twitter and we can
celebrate together live because that's
girl I wouldn't be here it wasn't all of
you so it's your party that I'm going to
throw you I'm gonna bring a whole bunch
of skittles so buy yourself some skills
buy yourself some coca-cola and I'll see
you there
thank you so much we're done can't be
professional for that long should we act
you saw Brina 1 million subscribers joke
joke joke can whine whine I love you so
much one love superwoman that is a wrap
and oh you think your friends are cool
you have in my mind ok so yeah I went to
the gym today right and I gotta I lifted
so many like heavy things uh-huh I wish
one of them was a book obviously this
guy just needs to never speak again
so I can marry him
