honestly jetlag is just whooping my body
right now what if everyone it's a girl
superwoman no disclaimer disclaimer hold
your pub okay before I start this video
I would like to say that this video was
called annoying time what to cook huh
what types of annoying guys okay having
said that this doesn't mean all guys are
annoying
there's many guys out there somewhere
that are amazing that are amazing this
is just me pointing out the fact that
they're awesome annoying that I don't
assume that you not you so having said
that ladies get ready to be all like oh
my god right and fellas be ready just be
like I know a lot of guys like that but
like I'm not like I'm hot I'm sexy I
have a huge package of counsel manly I
was born with a beard shall we begin
number one the silent Hardy now this guy
is just effing BTA eautiful he's so hot
he's one of those guys when you see an
you do a double take you're so yeah of
course die
you and your friends spot him and all of
a sudden all of you are just like any
was trying to take pics of him without
him knowing just snapchat each other tag
line be right back I need to go bend
over and honestly girl let's be real
your love to make all types of terrible
decisions to get this man's attention so
you walk up to him he's looking all sexy
he's all like and you're like hi how are
you and he's all like like what hi yeah
so please excuse me with my vajayjay
makes a u-turn what just happened this
guy is so hot until he opens his mouth
because he's just like a weirdo is it
really lame has a poor sense of humor
it's really stupid or just like has a
terrifying boys you all right MA no hi
guys hi okay I'm fine mister DMX what
Daniel I went to the gym today ray and I
lifted so many like heavy things uh-huh
I wish one of them was a book honestly
this guy just needs to never speak again
so I can marry him next number to the
horny hypnotist this dude is an absolute
player okay everybody knows it I know
you know what she knows okay he was born
he came out of his mommy
with a freaking Jersey on him okay the
nurse didn't slap his booty oh no no no
he snuck their nurses booty
he's broken hard after a hard girl after
girl he's been with your sister your
best friend your cousin and you
absolutely hate guys like him yeah
until he comes up to you with his
charming eyes and magical words he just
has a way of convincing every single
girl that she is the one comes up to you
like hey what's up and you're just like
no no no no no let me just open my blush
here so you have a mirror to safely
reverse yourself from this dead-end
buca's you ain't getting nowhere
and then he's all like honestly I've
made a lot of mistakes you know what I'm
just I'm just looking for that girl to
give me the chance you know so I can
prove to all these people don't change I
just want to find a girl and just make
her feel so special you know what I mean
and then you're just like okay yeah
listen three things number one I'll take
a vodka cranberry okay number two I love
you number three just in case this broad
looks from the front how how do you do
this to me I know your back to me it's
like I'm lactose intolerant
you're a gallon of milk I'm just
chugging you like go cool and I'm gonna
friggin be farting all the way to your
apartment
damn you frickin heart I'm sorry number
three the good guy
the good guy the good guy you know the
good guy y'all know the good guy he was
over over there
no I'm 33 friends only this guy is great
because he's nice he's sweet
he's caring he's always been there for
you he's probably a little shine it's
adorable
and chances are when you're a douche bag
boyfriend cheated on you he was the
shoulder you lean on and although he's
probably madly in love with you you just
see him as a brother if you see him as a
brother and as a result he now believes
nice guys finish last well you know what
mr. nice guy yeah in some ways you're
right girls they're idiots
ain't nobody denying that but at the
same time it's not completely the girls
fault because you see all of these
douche bag this a lineup of douche bags
you've been dating well have one thing
in common and you know that is they all
made a move and you if we was playing a
game of Monopoly you would just be in
jail why because you never made a move
cuz you're gonna be sitting all there
consoling me with your arm around my
shoulder all like this okay
you ain't indicating to me that you're
physically attracted to me so while
you're sitting like
put your arm around me like this and I'm
all like this okay five minutes later
you're gonna go to check the time in the
BAM I done tied a Rakhi on your ish
rockery Rakhi
I can't say that in a white tone is rock
curry rut Iraqi it's a string that
indicates brother and sisterhood how's
the translations just kill the joke
so no nice guys don't always finish last
how are you supposed to finish last when
you didn't even enter the damn race
having said all of that usually you do
hit on us and we still reject you I'm
sorry girls are just stupid our bad
number four the flashing douchebag this
guy does not give any type of F okay
that he's a douchebag he wants the world
to know he doesn't care about impressing
anybody he's obnoxious he's rude and
he's probably always saying that's what
she said it's almost like there's a sign
above his head is just like douche bag
douche bag yet your douche bag here he
probably refers to women with some
disrespectful term just thinking like he
runs the place and chances are if he
approaches you he's gonna say something
super inappropriate that's just gonna
make you wish you just had Valencia you
could shove it down his throat just up
his mouth would have a filter you dirty
neck Tina Tina Tina no number five the
fantasy aka mr. perfect okay he's smart
he's handsome he's fun he's funny he's
charming he's a gentleman honestly if I
were a zombie I eat him of the most what
up t-shirt reference he is everything
you've ever wanted in a guy and he is
taken by some girl you don't know but
you hate I honestly let's be real you've
even tried flirting with him just a
little bit just like test the waters
just don't put your toe just in the
water you like certain a certain way a
little bit of booty nothing oh so now
this guy is the one guy in the entire
world that decides to be faithful right
like honestly why are you so loyal dummy
selfish and now as a result I hate your
poor girlfriends for no absolute reason
and anything she does I find annoying
honestly who does she think she is
wearing earrings okay honestly is she
touching your shoulder get a room
did you see that did you smile at me oh
my gosh she's so fake yeah number six
the kite now we all have that one guy
friend whose eyes are just
read now I'm gonna try to send so this a
bit for my younger viewers I don't want
to be so blunt okay but she's always in
high spirits probably looks a bit like a
caveman from the stone Age's loves
jamming up to some MJ tune
favorite time in green and you always
have to repeat combos with them because
they're just smiling at nothing you just
say sigh and every picture you take they
look like this I don't get it already
posing for a picture trying to find
Waldo we need to control number seven
muscle hands aka fitness junkies the
guys who spend all their days in the gym
are always seen with a protein shake and
I just picked an F but not only are they
super fit and in shape but they want the
whole world to know they're in shape
countless pictures on Instagram just
flexing oh just like this and then the
most annoying when they lift up their
shirt to show their abs now don't get me
wrong
ain't nobody mad about your abs I ain't
mad about your abs one or two pictures
like that goddamn but one almost every
picture you have on Instagram is of you
lifting your shirt that gets a bit
annoying leave something to my
imagination like why do you keep lifting
your shirt I don't want to be reminded
every second that your boobs are bigger
than mine like I don't get it I don't
get why men that are fit how
discontinuous need to lift their shirt
and pictures like it's not even hot
they're just lifting your shirt for the
picture and then the hashtag is gonna be
do you even lift bro
like honestly why are humans so dumb
only humans do this like I cannot
imagine animals doing this if piglet had
Instagram I highly doubt he would be
posing like go check out my six nipples
dawg
do you even brush up having said all of
that I follow each and every one of you
on Instagram Inc thank you so much hello
shame shame oh no I have them and that's
all for now
oh and don't you worry your little
fiddle poops of course I'm gonna do a
types of annoying girls cut equality
comment below if you think I forgotten
you wanted a you know an annoying type
of guy that I didn't mention
also click the link in the description
to share this video if you were late and
you know similar annoying you can put on
Facebook and kind of be like hey make
sure you rate comment and hit that
subscribe button because I do make new
videos every Monday and Thursday I'd
love to have you here we come laughing
cuddle one love superwoman that is a
wrap and Zoop
I also want to give a huge shout-out to
the sweetheart who sent me this in my
peel box
I love you
