what everyone it's your girl superwoman
and today I'm going to do something that
I feel has never been done on YouTube
before I'm going to do a makeup tutorial
on how you can be super sexy and
beautiful in just a few easy steps and
is everything in this ginormous makeup
bag are you ready okay here goes
okay so step one is you want to wash
your face and really just cleanse your
skin now I personally like to use this
one is my favorite face wash it's called
honesty because I feel like it just
really gets rid of all those lies we
tell ourselves you know what I mean you
know you get those nasty little pimples
that are just filled with delusion yet
this just clears those right up you want
to take this you want to really just
scrub away any douche bag that may be
clogging your pores okay
step 2 now before putting on any actual
makeup you want to really just get rid
of all those harsh conditions that your
skin has been through you know your
skin's been through a lot of bad days
and maybe as a result your face hates
everyone and everything well it's time
to use some moisturizer okay and just
soften that right up okay I personally
like this lotion it's called it's a new
day by the brand it's time to effing
change
just take that mmm yummy
well soften that up step 3 now you want
to come some concealer okay but this is
where you have to be careful because you
want to put on just enough concealer so
that you're still real you know what I
mean because a lot of people put on too
much concealer and you're able to tell
because then they suffer from this
condition called fake as eff and you
want to make sure you don't put on too
much you know like ain't nobody mad
about a few dabs of concealer like that
right there a little bit of concealer
nobody is mad
little bit concealer but you want to
make sure you do this with any reason
because if you put on too much you know
if you see someone who put on too much
concealer you're able to tell because of
their face starts to look like you know
that condition where your face starts to
gossip Queen yeah that's not attractive
there you go okay step four okay so now
foundation the thing about foundation is
you have to find the right one for you
you have to find the one that's right
for you because often times people get
confused with their foundation and they
try to be something they're not
just remember that foundation should
always be natural okay and honestly
foundation is who you are okay if your
foundation is not natural chances are
everything you put on top will just fall
apart
ain't no one want their face falling
apart or falling down you know why why
because your face is not effing London
Bridge okay no oh there you go egg done
step 5 okay so eyeliner is a really
really big key to being beautiful and
sexy I personally love this one it's my
favorite it's called the color is
non-judgmental and I get it from my
favorite store it's such a fabric store
the store is called you're not gone so
shut the F up and I love this one
because I feel like it brings out a
really nice boldness in the eye that
allows you to like not just look at
people and judge them based on what they
look like and it's the funniest thing I
find that the more I use this the more
I'm making new friends and like learning
about different types of people it's
like really weird okay the key is to
wear this every day you cannot go a
single day without wearing this and
sometimes you know it just smudges off
so what you want to do is carry around
in your purse in case you feel like
you're being ignorant but when ever
again
step 6 okay mascara mascara now ladies
don't get confused there are a lot of
different mascaras out there that are
going to claim to give you the ultimate
view okay but I personally love this one
it's called see the positives okay and
it's by a brand called life goes on now
I never used to really wear a mascara
because I use oubli SAP I do it ever
I've been using seen the positive my
eyes just see things that are just
beautiful and the great thing about this
one is that it's waterproof so even if
you cry you'll still always be there and
you can still always see the positives
brilliant
number seven okay so blush blush brings
out a little something special doesn't
it okay so I have a lot of different
blushes okay but my all-time favorite is
this cute one right here so cute the
color is called
have dreams okay but they don't have
dreams so you have to play with this
brush this brush is just fantastic and
it is called hard work and I feel like
what I'm doing this and applying it with
hard work the result are just so
beautiful so what you want to do is just
look at your face okay they just find
areas that you feel could use more
success and just apply the hard work
number eight okay lips
ladies and gentlemen hey whatever
equality lipliner is crucial lipliner is
crucial because it basically keeps in
all rude obnoxious ignore things you
want to say so what you want to do is
just completely line your lips with some
lipliner now I personally like this one
okay this color right here super super
cute it's called class and it's by Brian
called grow up you're not a child so
what you want to do is just completely
line your lips look back you're like big
hear that very very easy oh my god I
feel like I'm very clear already oh gosh
so good I'm good and you want to make
sure you completely do this often times
you'll see people and they forgot their
lipliner and they're just chatting all
types of route club you don't want to do
that number nine finally you want to
pick a shade of lipstick that really
really suits you and let all time
favorite color is this beautiful one
right here it is called kindness okay
and it's from a store called jerks
aren't hard we're trying to just apply
that on your lips just like that oh my
god can you feel the sexiness just going
into your lip so sexy then you just want
to see this with some lip gloss okay
just cover all spots that may have any
traces of ignorance or being an
obnoxious brat just like that oh god
dinah and that's it you're done lastly
before you leave it is crucial that you
just spray yourself with a little touch
of confidence because no one likes to
recommend security and there you go
those are the easy steps on how to be
the sexiest version of you and the great
news is that all of these products they
actually don't cost $59.99 or $29.99 for
lipstick they're all completely free get
them from this two little store called
common sense you follow these easy steps
you'll never have to watch another
makeup tutorial ever again I'm sorry I'm
sorry makeup gurus I love you you're
awesome keep doing your thing but I just
had to so too many people rely on makeup
and all these materialistic stupid
things but really we just all these be
good people and nothing will make you
more beautiful and awesome than being a
kind good person and being yourself man
I have pimples at pimples all time I can
look at a chocolate bar and get a pimple
you don't need to worry about a million
different opinions on what looks good
and what makes you beautiful because
what makes you beautiful is right here
quickly before I go on the note of
opinion one of my friends told me about
this website is actually they saw it on
someone else's YouTube when they told me
to tell you guys about it it's basically
a website called Opinion Outpost and
usually I'm through this but I know my
viewers be hella broke so I'm gonna help
you out a little bit is Miss this site
which gives you rewards and money and
pays you just for giving your opinion
about things it's very simple so you can
run like cash what was there Amazon
giftcards I tuned you've caused a whole
bunch of gift cards free stuff every
brown person report so I was told about
this I signed up this is evils
legitimate I did and I was impressed I'm
like this is absolutely gentleman why'd
I not know about this earlier you sign
up it's free when you sign up you get
entered into a draw to win $10,000 and
things quarterly they do is Divac
quarterly what the hell I won $10,000 so
honestly if you're interested is a great
community a great way to get rewarded
the link is in the first line of the
description most importantly check it
out and this one I was like you can also
clean your awards and give them to
charity
I was like goddamn go give something to
charity or if yous broke and charities
drives at home
and go get yourself some free cash and
gift cards that is all I am out by the
way I see children in Australia if you
don't have your ticket to read and get
which is happening in Sydney Australia
Sunday August 18th in your I don't know
what your life is about I don't know I
know she life is about hey that's enough
for me
one love superwoman don't forget you are
absolutely beautiful just the way you
owe
