hello hello everybody it is me
Wendy it's saying I got one email other
great email saying Monteith's hang you
so sexy how come you so sexy my
girlfriend Shiro like me no more because
you so sexy
please help me man geez friend so I said
okay okay I'm sexy I know I'm taking
this one video to help you in one thing
I am exported so every man listen here
you want in girlfriend you wanting you
want a little girlfriend you do like
this okay
you need to speak like a man hello
somebody told you my friend told me that
your your milkshake bringing all the
boys to the art right I just want to let
you know that I am NOT lactose
intolerant right you need to walk like
man you know baby yeah I don't like to
do drugs you know I do I don't like
trucks butter if your name only then I
will pop you need to smile like man it
show me smack show me go smash pretty
garbage God you need to smile like man
let me shine 1 through 3 n you need to
smile from the body mind your baby you
stop with my heart like bad cholesterol
oh my god baby baby your kids are you ok
your hand hurting because you've been
making Rottier through my mind all day
need to dance like man
baby listen okay like you like my first
step of jaw okay you just make me say ah
yeah you know lucky for you like driving
talk you know crack because nobody is
gonna move the junk in your trunk when
you do the dance you want to show the
ladies what you will them what are you
going to move them huh like this you
want to show I'm going to do like this
to you tonight let me show you what I'm
going to darling you know when you and
me together I feel like too many spark
flying you know people walking by and
they same happy Diwali
excuse me ma'am please please I'm gonna
have to check it forgive me ma'am give
me this part okay
I have to check because I know you
stealing my heart okay give it back give
it back no okay keep it Oh what's your
name huh girlfriend bindi must be bindi
because you in the center of my mind
you're not darling I have lots of
experience in the bedroom you know what
me and our dr. Sheldon Cooper have in
common you know you always banging for
penny penny penny penny sweetheart I'm
very sad that you will be having
bronchitis because baby you are smoking
dress like a man darling darling
tomorrow you will see my face on will
carton why
good baby I'm lost in your eyes when
they do the Amber Alert for me okay
you tell them tell them I'm sitting in
your pupils but pretty late you know why
home will always sell dope because she's
looking at my body we must be in India I
must be gone by because you driving me
crazy your name must be sharpie because
you the highlight of my night oh sorry I
thought you were coca-cola button maybe
I think I need exorcism because you got
my hair dryer name I think we enlarge
your world baby because all I think
about is pressing down and getting in
your tunnel now go go go go get more
ladies and one direction concert of it
make sure you rate comment and clicking
the subscribe button I'm making new
video every Monday Thursday one love one
g-string ballet foreo boo so please just
read my lips thing is I didn't text you
know my good friend partridges
anyways I love my friends and they know
it so they
if I need a helping hand be touching
fingers like easy
