real talk though this is a very special
video to me and I was trying to think of
how I could possibly recap my 99
previous videos you know like a
superwoman mashup and then it hit me
may I present to you the very lame very
dorky very way I'm going to embarrass
myself though what up t-shirt reference
official song lega what up everyone it's
your girl superwoman got an S on my
chest s on my chest larger-than-life
swag like Tyrannosaurus Rex Rex what up
everyone who is your girl superwoman and
today's a special day so I'm doing
something different it was t-shirt time
but it's been a hundred videos in two
hundred it's like a boss one of t-shirt
reference now I'm happy as can be
from Philly to West Indies superheroes
around the world around the world they
watching me if I'm in me then you're
Mickey and
this is Nikki don't be hanging on
Portland Lisa she takes you something
silly as I keep it real boo so please
just read my lips thing is I didn't text
you know my good friend by judging
anyways I love my friends and they know
it so they retweet and if I need a
helping hand retouching fingers like
easy sake 200 videos 200 video team
super runs the town yup the whole city
knows and if you are the grouch
we don't even care a little reading hate
comments like 200 videos 200 video but
yeah be mom's Punjabi dads getting crunk
and getting mad boys and girls and lots
of stress what she mean and how she
dressed 200 video 10 2015 Hyundai double
rainbow honey I'm looking for a prince
not the fraud that came before but all I
get are face dogs on my Monopoly board
do I look like for you fucking boy I
told you once nicely now take these
faces back baby because though I ain't
no white bean and oh I think they like
me and now I
are you hungry but you'll never smell
what this rock is cooking your one plan
I need a boyfriend to make me feel
fantastic what up everyone yo is your
girl's super star cast when Little Miss
Sunshine sometimes I am the devil on the
robot weird face making sweaters
whatever I believe in one love one heart
stand up and don't matter if you're
black or you're white and uh please calm
and blood y'all don't take like so
serious and if you said relax babe come
on yo I'll tell ya Monday and Thursday
I hope to make you smile better get your
flu shot and stand back I'm going viral
say 200 videos 200 videos - making
things so cartoons rock it down for some
views annoying peoples have something
super fun on my rank
Oh 20 1,500 double rainbow honey it's a
uniform flying across the place like a
happy angry bird but it's bird on a
plane and I just don't have real
feathers that's okay I got this Angry
Bird also on a sweater
oh yeah it's on and my teammate is so
super we should call myself the Jetsons
cuz we are the active future all we do
with these skittles and protect people
from danger yet we're hot and fight
crime you can call us a pink ranger and
i am the boss lady
coffee mrs. Ari Gold with a ballot oh
man it's time to save the world get it
I'm a smart cookie you can say that I'm
a geek I'm a freak dig my nails into
that can make him screech at 200 videos
200 video graphic tee snapback shaky
moments chatting cracks inspiration
motivation unicorns from every nation
200 videos 10 2015 and read double
rainbow honey Sunday double rainbow
honey bunny double rainbow honey bunny
double rainbow honey honey honey
hundred hundred honey what everyone is
your girl superwoman I want to say thank
you so so so much for allowing me the
opportunity to get 200 uploads on
YouTube 200 videos I'm eating skiddo so
then besides a point I want to say that
I never imagined I would upload 200
videos onto YouTube and doesn't even
feel like that much because I have so
much fun doing so thank you so much for
your continuous support watching my
videos to the point where I feel
confident enough to upload a 200 first
video on Monday so thank you so much I'm
so humbled and so overwhelmed well I
love you thank you so much also a huge
shut up - happy deep reductions as
informations in the description he's one
that made that awesome beat for this
track and I
do you like the song I don't really I'm
not really musically talented but maybe
I'm gonna put on iTunes dad I'm going to
stop now and this video but thank you so
so so much love you so much Mumma and I
will see you on Monday make sure you
rate comment and click that subscribe
button and and one love superwoman that
is a wrap and Zoop 200 okay I'm done hey
hope you enjoyed that video as per usual
you can click there to watch my last
video just want to give you a quick
announcement I just should kind of
already know but maybe you don't because
you don't pay attention to me because
I'm not important that's okay but I will
be in Australia both Sydney and
Melbourne next week oh my god yes next
week all the information of all the meet
and greets and shows and all that stuff
in the description so if you live in
Australia as my friend I want to meeting
you so make sure you check a lot out all
right then
