what everyone it's your girl superwoman
and today I asked y'all what do you want
to see in today's video and a lot have
you applied by saying 50 random things
about you and I'm like what the SH mer
who the f cares about me but nonetheless
I decided to do something a little
different and let you know a little bit
more about the loud ghetto crazy ratchet
chick you watch every Monday Thursday
aka me hello so here you go here you go
here you go 50 random things about me
okay enjoy I don't believe in global
warming I'm double-jointed so my fingers
get stuck like this a lot like when I'm
riding or on the phone and I'm just like
you find that disgusting because that
disgusting I don't have a favorite color
because I'm afraid that if I pick a
favorite color than all her all the
other colors feelings I love animal
print know like it's a problem I will
buy anything if it has animal print on
it the other day I bought a notepad
because it had a zebra print on the
front a notepad
when do I write anything the last time I
picked up a pen was to scratch my back
when I was younger I used to be allergic
to peanut butter yeah but I'm not
anymore
it's almost as if my body decided that I
love Reese's butter cups too much so
it's just like ethnic get over it while
my family was moving I decided to be all
cool with the moving truck so I sat out
of the window and I tried to be like one
of those people like Punjabi music
videos like
but that my mom kept telling me to stop
cause she's like you're going to a party
yourself super and I was like gang chill
I'm not gonna hurt myself so I kept
doing it and then I fell out and almost
broke my arm yeah and then and then I
was on the sidewalk like dying and I'm
like arm was like bleeding but then I
didn't want to get in trouble so I
started to laugh so I was like I don't
know how to use Excel and I never will
I don't know how to swim but I still
always jump into the deep end of the
pool
yeah I'm just confident in my ability to
like figure it out whenever I think
about something I uncontrollably blink
so like when I'm editing my superwoman
videos in between takes this is what it
looks like what if everyone it's a girl
superwoman and here's 50 things about me
thank you stupid I don't swear in my
videos and I actually don't swear in
real life yeah like Lily doesn't swear
the only time I will ever see myself
swearing is about to swear for like an
acting role other than that in my daily
life I don't swear in English at least
because like other languages are Fair
Play you know what I mean
you're bomba crap I am a pansy when it
comes to spices knowing I cannot handle
them okay I'm a disgrace to Indians
everywhere unless it's for a specific
reason you will not see me wear the
color orange I'm lactose sensitive that
means during certain times the day I
can't consume dairy or else my tongue
will be all like every time people meet
me in person they say the same thing oh
my god I thought you're so much taller
you're so sure I'm only five five please
don't let my big mouth and large
personality confuse you are you ready
for this one are you if you have brown
skin you might want to take a seat okay
I have never had a cup of tea or coffee
in my entire life I know just raced
Indians okay white people you might you
might want to take a seat for this one
there you go I have never had a peanut
butter and jelly sandwich in my life it
just seems wrong to me
my favorite Backstreet Boy was AJ my
favorite Spice Girl with Becky spice I
don't know how to parallel park or
reverse bar
in fact parking in general is a bit of a
challenge for me I tend to hit people
and polls I should probably work on that
I am bloody amazing at the game
bejeweled you know I'm serious if life
was bejeweled
I would be Obama speaking line those
diamonds up and in in in what up hearing
reference he sings the diamond this is
it that please it baby
I'm allergic to cantaloupe and honey
melon so you know I read a sea party you
go to when they buy that fresh fruit
cake for every uncle's birthday yeah
that ish messes me up okay like hello
did you add cantaloupe to the cake or
cake to the cantaloupe just relax
when I was younger I was terrified of
rides and roller coasters I would look
at them and just cry like a pansy and
now I'm one of those people that stands
at the top of the drop leg and breaks
all the rules it's like wow your mama
bujjamma I absolutely love popcorn like
I don't go to the movies to watch a
movie I go to eat the popcorn and if I'm
too full and I can't have the popcorn I
won't watch the movie that's right when
I get hired for gigs it's part of my
contract that I need to have popcorn I
don't need a fancy car I don't need
alcohol
I don't need expensive dinners just give
me the buttery popcorn I called The
Wrestler boogity a suck-up to his face
one of my really weird passions is
facial expressions yeah I'm really
intrigued by how people's faces react to
certain situations I can also tell you
who you're kind of similar to and facial
expressions like oh you smile at this
person this thing happens with your eye
when you're feeling like this I know I
think it's beautiful as a vegetarian I
will not eat eggs straight but I will
eat them if they're in something because
like hello okay time cakes pastries like
I'm vegetarian I'm not crazy I'm scared
of both spiders and clowns because I was
forced to watch the horror movie it at a
very young age
thank you very much cousins from hell a
few years ago for my birthday my friends
bought me it on DVD I legitimately
cannot watch The Lion King or the little
princess because they caused me extreme
emotional anxiety I don't like tomatoes
olives or jalapenos because I think just
seemed like rotten fruit to me
well I was born with jaundice and I had
to stay at the hospital for several
weeks after I was born which basically
means I was born at Simpson No are you
ready first one I have not yet watched
Despicable Me one or two I know I
promised my friend I'd watch it with her
and we haven't gotten around to it so I
don't know what a minion is okay and I
don't know what the term is fluffy means
yes I know my life is incomplete I'm
turning 25 years old next month and I've
never had the chickenpox
to be honest I'm pretty sure I'm just
immune to it because my sister and
neighbor both had it and I hung out with
them a lot I'm pretty sure I'm just like
human 2.0 also to my knowledge I've
never been stung by a bee again human
2.0 it's almost like I'm a transformer
you know I'm not even human I'm just
like and even if I was a transformer
bumblebee still couldn't hit me Oh every
single time I perform anywhere I always
touch the stage and place my hand on my
heart because I find it to be very
respectful and that's my way of saying
thank you for this opportunity also that
means that my heart is in what I'm about
to do I also do this with the microphone
before I do introduce I just like this I
just little this it's just a little bit
like a--
okay I have the biggest girl crush on
Selena Gomez like I want to marry her
and I will get very upset if anyone
doubts the fact that she's a real wizard
like don't make me fight you but my
biggest crush in life is Dwayne the rock
Johnson and I refuse to die and stop
breathing until I meet him and when I
meet him I will jump on him and I am
okay with the restraining order after
that happens half of the Converse shoes
I own are imitation finally my knees are
really fat not being honest with my
knees should be on the show The Biggest
Loser just my knees to be honest I just
fail in the whole leg department like if
I was a chicken even KFC would be like
now we don't want your nice and fast I
have been cheated on when I was little I
had an imaginary friend and her name was
Sasha although to be honest I'm really
convinced that I didn't actually believe
in her and I just thought having a
your friend would make me a cuter kid
that's right I was an attention whore
from a young age my cell phone is always
on vibrate because I cannot stand
hearing all those rings and annoying
sound when something goes on on my phone
at the end of all of my videos I always
say one loves to burn that is a wrap and
Zoop I subconsciously got that loop from
one of my favorite songs and it goes
like this if you want to go and take a
ride with me some some some something to
go the zoo poem I study this way hey
must be the Monday Nellie Nellie you my
boy you meup Nellie now Nellie shut up
Nellie shut your face you use my boy
wait I'm a very spiritual person I
thoroughly enjoyed meditating talking
about life spending quality alone time
and songs I love to meditate to our
anything by Bob Marley and my favorite
return to innocence by Enya once an
elementary school a boy punched me in
the stomach but I have so much pride
that I went up to him in the face miles
of what you think you can hurt me and
then I walked away like a box and then I
hid behind the dumpster and cried grace
helbig from Daily Grace is my favorite
youtuber I love her some of my other
favorites include jenna Marbles of
epicMealTime KevJumba ryan higa a dad
who else me yeah Hannah Hart and other
ones that I can't think of her name
once I had a vision of me getting in a
car accident and then I got into that
exact car accident a couple hours later
and it was the exact time and place that
I had seen I genuinely believed it
genuinely believed that for one week in
my life both my mother and I were either
possessed by spirits or cursed because
we were both acting uncontrollably
abnormal I still think about my nan og
aka my grandfather almost every single
day because I miss him so much
and anytime I leave the house to travel
somewhere I kiss his picture and I tell
the picture when I'm gonna be coming
back and on my last trip I forgot to do
that and I felt so terrible on the whole
plane ride I also still make sure I
switch
two months on the calendar in his room
because he was very keen on that knowing
what day it is why because he's a boss
and he's still the coolest person ever
and begin he's a bigger star than I'll
ever be
that's right and there you have 50
random useless facts about me but hey me
baby
but hey listen here am i you this is a
two-way street so I want you to comment
below letting me know one random fact
about you and make it good already all
right make it spicy I'm going to shut my
bloody mouth now make sure you wait
comment and hit that subscribe button
hit it just people's elbow it because I
do make new videos every Monday and
Thursday assuming that is a wrap so one
love superwoman and you wanna go what it
allowed me Zoop
