what everyone it's your girl superwoman
and what is my rare what is yeah I'm in
my hotel there's not any lighting that's
appropriate for the video anywhere so
I'm in the washroom yes welcome let's
take a shower together if you're a
creepy uncle it's your lucky I'm sorry
for the lack of unicorn posters in the
back but I am traveling Anna Anna my
hotel and I still want to make a video
so let's just pretend it's beautiful
whoo yeah so awesome but on to the video
you know once in a while I have this
tendency to buy a whole bunch of crap I
don't need because it makes me feel
friggin fantastic
so hello how are you my name is Louie
and I'm a Shopaholic
and honestly I'm really hoping that a
lot of you are shopping all Excel
because that's been real it's not fun to
be unhealthy alone okay we're friends
what's the number-one rule of friendship
if I'm screwed and I make bad decisions
what are you to do what give me good
advice
what is this full house no you make
worse decisions than we cried together
what up friendship so if you were late
to anything I say from this point on
then you know what use a hot mess
Shopaholic shall we begin let's go you
need me
where's our normal productive people
have normal hobbies like reading writing
and painting I have a strong desire to
go shopping and what triggers my desire
to go shopping anything and everything I
just be the level of candy crush
I deserve in your hand I'm happy you
let's celebrate with a new dress I'm
forever alone
not if I buy some earrings no one ever
had to make but a new sweater well
honestly any emotion I experience is
just complimented by shopping like I
should be real with you I don't get all
these people who find joys and things
like relationships or like quality time
are you telling me that you having a
boyfriend feels better than a new pair
of shoes
don't be ridiculous ah because shoes let
me walk all over them and they never
talk back to me and they're fabulous
and stylish and not to miss your typical
but if I have a man who is fabulous and
stylish chances are he'd be gay which is
why I love my shoes because no matter
how
many times they come out of the closet
they still gonna love me boondi straight
up half of my closet still has a tag on
it I can't tell you how many times I've
taken a shirt out of my closet and it
still has the price tag on it because
I've never worn it and then I feel
guilty I pull it on the price tag is
just they're looking at me with this
little choosing eyes just like remember
me this is this is the price tag
remember me Lilly Boxing Day 2010 you
said you loved me you said you said I
brought out your eyes look at us now
Lilly look at this now stop that stop
making me feel guilty okay give a damn
sweater honestly what are you a piece of
clothing or a girl with low self-esteem
don't make me donate you furthermore any
useless piece of crap
created by huge corporations for idiot
consumers like me I own it
you know those random little small
trinkets and stores that you can buy
yeah I am their mama and I'm gonna tell
you why because FN stores like forever
Walmart any store that has a long queue
okay and has a million useless products
surrounding the line I cannot I cannot
I'm like an n64 controller that just got
jammed I have no self-control
because I walked into the line already
holding 10 things I don't need and then
you're gonna show me lip gloss hair ties
chocolate bars magazines honestly it's
like I'm on a reality show that's called
how many stupid decisions can you make
in 20 seconds and I get to the freaking
cashier holding a USB a flashlight
Archie comic a phone case batteries
bringing my boyfriend's Charlie Sheen
I'm wearing Crocs I win like honestly I
came here to buy pad why is my bill $54
and honestly sales associates must love
me you know they say you can smell a
sale or a sucker from like a mile away I
probably just pull into the parking lot
okay the mall and all the salespeople
just turn to the dude from Jeepers
Creepers like she's here I get up sold
so easily that looks the mall the other
day okay and I walk into this jewelry
shop because the necklace they had on
display was like super fabulous so I
walk in I look at the price tag of my
from that's a bit much so I settled for
a cheaper smaller still nice but not as
fabulous
so I go to the cashier mic I'll take
this and she's like hi my name is
Jessica I just wanted to ask did you see
the necklace we have on display in the
front and I'm like yeah no I saw but
it's a bit much so I decide to get this
one okay that's no problem yeah you know
you make a really good point I'll take
the one in the front
oh okay did you also want this one yeah
of course I bought the magic herbs oh
okay thank miss your total is 1 million
dollars yes tell me more about the
protective spray honestly your next
child should be named Lily with all the
Commission I'm giving you yeah but your
kids do college up in this place I'm so
easy I'm like a consumer slut oh my god
I'm a guy oh my god I'm a guy and my
visa is my PPI just swipe insert and
then oh my god I push people's buttons
ah oh and please don't think this is
because I have a lot of money no no no
money don't grow on trees okay I just
have a lot of emotional and mental scars
that I truly believe pretty new things
can fix okay also don't want me for you
I have a pretty crappy personality so
it's nothing that a new pair of earrings
can't fix I'm a good person and then
honestly my wrist right my little wallet
thing anything is full of membership
cards that don't even make sense like
body 20 dresses get the twenty first
dress two percent off save seven percent
when you spend two thousand dollars or
more within the next two days by seven :
get your eight ice cream cone for free
what what Lily why do you have this
you're lactose intolerant I see I've way
too many cards in my wrist and I'm one
of those annoying people that hold up
the whole line because I can't find my
debit or visa for the take off all the
cards for my wristlet I am that moron
but honestly I have every card there is
where you going what you need someone
died let me know because I need one more
funerals get my casket for free okay
just saying I have too many damn cards
okay I have more plastic in my wristlet
than all the boobs and F in Hollywood
what what is what is what is this what
is going on what is what can anything
all right
you can go register keep look at you I
am still cute woo sales sales honestly
us with my priorities in life buy one
get the second half price will be the
reason
I become homeless one day because to be
honest I don't even need one okay and
now I have eight because one pair of
jeans is $40 but two pairs of jeans is
$60 I don't get it then why can't you
just give me one pair of jeans for $30
why your jeans so damn expensive in the
first place honestly what are your jeans
made out of first of all the pockets on
your damn jeans be fake you know what
I'm talking about
you know those jeans I have a fake
pockets that aren't really pockets but
they want to look like pockets yeah why
am I paying real money for these fake
pockets well Brett you know what that's
not gonna stop me because I'm an idiot
so take all of my money just take take
all of my money what's that well oh
there's a sale on pocket protectors do
you know give me eight on that note you
know let's talk about jeans for a second
I have about 50 pairs of jeans all
different shapes colors and sizes sizes
who need different sizes in jeans that
is because I will eat one burger and
then gonna go my god my jeans don't fit
I will go and buy jeans that are bigger
than the next morning when I wake up and
I do one sit-up I'm gonna go and buy
more jeans to accommodate for my weight
loss with what I think I am dear Lily
either way your butt is gonna be saggy
okay jeans will not fix that squats will
save your damn money
and honestly I'm ashamed to say this but
sometimes I buy things that I don't even
completely like or that don't even
completely fit me if I call being a
change from other things it's kind of
tight but you know what and this is the
line I'll go home and try it again and
then if it doesn't fit I'll return it
I'll return it all return it I don't
return anything nothing I am bad for my
local library because I don't return any
books okay
blockbuster has a reward for me dead or
alive okay because I have all their
movies right here on my lap on my lap I
have your movies I honestly have the 200
pieces of clothing at home that don't
fit me who are you
doesn't matter you Shrek are you minion
it doesn't matter come on over I have
selected for you my friend anyways
moving on do you like my shirt you think
when you share it isn't it so cute but
okay but seriously this is not one of
those like stupid impulsive buys this is
actually smell good I don't I don't have
that Mir a few t-shirts like I hardly
have any so I follow you
like a to new thing that I do anyways
that's my video here it is video enjoy
make sure you rate comment and click
that subscribe button because I do make
new videos every Monday and Thursday one
love superwoman that is a wrap and
really mean leave me leave me there's
nowhere to go look yeah I probably
should not have popped that pimple
before pressing record anyways hi I hope
you enjoyed that video as per usual you
can click there for my last video also a
huge thank you for letting me pass 200k
followers on Instagram my brain just
exploded thank you so much and if you
don't follow me Instagram yet it is
iisuperwomanii so check me out also
today was supposed to be my 200th video
but then I made two other videos private
so now it's my 198 video because I want
to do something special for my 200th
video so two videos from now will be my
200th video and just passed 200k
followers on Instagram this is inception
