where am I really doing the video with
my hair like this yo what up everyone
it's a girl superwoman so I make videos
that relate to my life okay about things
that happened in my day I figure that if
I experience something chances are most
of you experience the same damn thing
okay I tell it like it is in other words
I keep it real what up t-shirt reference
can you see the yellow it says real
oh snap so early in the game - that's
right just one two three four I declare
a thumb war
let's click the thumbs up button right
there how does my brain work click it
son
so I don't know if you notice and if you
haven't is cool I guess whatever it's
cool but I just got my eyebrows done
okay and Tiana's you should have noticed
because I'm like before I know how to
shut up I know what you're thinking okay
don't be racist everyone is a racist now
before I begin this rend let me just say
that this video may not apply so much to
men or women who choose not to remove
their hair and that's totally cool do
you I'm all for whatever you want to
believe in I'm having said that I'm
still confident that you'll be able to
laugh at the rest of us who make stupid
decisions and choose to torture
ourselves and die of pain and joy first
of all every time I go to get my
eyebrows done I say the same thing I
walk in them like oh hey it's been rid
of really long time since I've done my
eyebrows so they're really bad like I
haven't done that in so long just - rah
rah rah
bop boo okay we all know it's only been
a week what do you think this lady
doesn't remember that eight days ago you
walk in what you think it's easy to
forget Godzilla no but really I am
actually truthfully very lazy when it
comes to my eyebrows I let them go as
long as possible without doing them the
way I see it the only reason I need to
do my eyebrows as if it starts
interfering with my daily functioning
like if I'm just chilling with one of my
friends and I'm just like girl girl is
there a floating carpet above me no okay
yeah right girl I need to do my eyebrows
interfering with my vision in ish okay
break the time this is my invitation of
the thread
if this was charade I'm killing it right
now killing it again I'm playing a harp
am i doing your eyebrows you'll never
freaking know but can I be honest
eyebrows are the least of my concerns
ok let's talk about shaving for a second
I can't stand shaving I don't know what
I have to do for my legs Tremaine
hairless for one day I'm being one
complete day ok because I can shave
right now with like a brand new razor ok
yes yeah brand new razor two blades
three blades Edward Scissorhands could
come and shake my legs for me himself
right now and the second a cold breeze
passing me by and I get cold oh that's
it all my hair back if it was up to me
I'd be shaving in the car in the parking
lot right before I enter part of your
club actually forget that what I want to
do is just wait up me shave you just
like oh oh yeah so sorry here's my ID
yeah thanks $20 cover awesome oh you're
sorry steam a second oh because that's
the only way my legs are gonna be smooth
and ain't a party in any type of dress
goddamn it don't do this and oh my god
cutting yourself in the shower while
shaving it's as if a volcano just
erupted from my soul I can never cut
this big okay and you could honestly
shoot a horror film in the shower I'll
be shaving shave I just nicked myself
you know school Nick just like that so I
ignored I'm you want to look okay - I
look down my leg effing looks like Kevin
Ware's leg why so much Becky why so
shaving is annoying but just don't worry
there's like 40 million other ways you
can torture yourself
viii Nair laser Oh guys that's not one
there for a second for those of you who
live under a rock and don't know what
Nair is is basically this cream that you
put on and you leave on for 15 minutes
and you wipe it off in your hair wipes
off it's like mr. clean for hairy people
and mr. clean is bald like my genius
Nair smells like rotten farts that were
left in a hot car on a summer day like
goddamn our hair and something that
funky smelly ever touched me you know I
die in fall of do then all these things
you see on TV like quick and pay
let's hair removal it's like a picture
of something looks like a chainsaw with
like an electrocuting end to it look I'm
sitting there watching the commercial
girls like that her hair is being pulled
over I'm like how can that not hurt the
blood acts as lubrication yeah so then
ultimately one would think that waxing
is the best option let's let's talk
about waxing real quick so I can be real
with you okay we're friends we've known
each other a long time or maybe just a
couple minutes but whatever the other
day you know a couple weeks ago I got
her full body wax well I I embarrass and
this is why I learned a full body wax
means a full body wax this lady was
waxing parts of me that I didn't even
know was possible to grow hair and she
waxing my earlobe with my finger just
lowering my self-esteem with each
strippers homegirl starts putting wax on
my neck and I'm like hold okay I know
for a fact that I don't have any hair on
my damn neck well I'll be damned
this homegirl waxes my chest my toes
she's obviously cool strips away from
waxing my damn running shoes so after
she done I get up feeling all amazing
feeling like I just lost ten pounds okay
feeling like a baby's bottom yeah hello
I am baby's butt I go home walking like
this because I my clothes are just stuck
to me there's just waxing between my
toes and my nose jump in the shower and
that's it the two-hour process begins
I'm trying to get the leftover wax off
my body can I tell you something about
trying to get waxed off your body okay
yeah
trying to get wax off your body is like
trying to get an indian away from a sale
okay and ain't gonna happen and I will
have to say that because of Indian and
the only reason I got waxed is because
it was buy one get the second free okay
who is the first person me who is the
second person me no real talk it's as if
someone turned 100 okay took a really
long time to blow on all those candles
okay now they're all melted and I am the
cake it's gonna wax here that'll wax a
little a little bit wax here than my wax
here okay now I'm about to get real real
right now
real no artificial flavors okay
sometimes girls okay they get waxes from
Brazil okay sometimes I get bikini waxes
honestly there's nothing to be shy about
I'm just kidding yes there is the most
awkward thing ever and anyone who has
ever experienced this will know what I'm
going to say is 110 percent fact okay
it doesn't matter how many times you get
waxed okay when that moment comes you to
take off your clothes it's really
awkward you walk in the lady tells you
to take off your clothes and suddenly
your IQ just lowered to minus four
you're just standing like an idiot it
would seem as if you're just drunk as f
you have to take off your clothes okay
so take off this right okay dip this one
right here this one right here okay
she's just standing down with her weed
whacker you're looking at me like I'm
taking off my pants I take out one leg
and I'm like you want me to take on the
other leg too or okay okay so after I
take it off where should I put it then
oh okay so you're gonna wax me right or
I'm just trying to delay the whole
process but I'm acting like a complete
idiot subconsciously I'm lying there
like an awkward turtle just shivering
I'm like her if you saw me you think I
just got rescued from the Titanic but
getting waxed okay getting waxed all
mental because we all do this game the
lady puts the wax on you she's padding
down the strip and what do we do we do
something we're either digging our nails
into our palms you are crunching our
butt cheeks were grinding our teeth
everyone does something and then you
don't know when she's gonna pull it off
so you start talking to yourself but
okay not ignore ignore does matter if
she can do it now now now now whew fuzzy
puppies rainbows puppies rainbows
puppies honesty elasti our vendor was
such a bad movie I hated that movie the
artsy at that movie was social yeah am I
getting waxed or did a walrus just die
we'll never know and then of course the
ladies always like super reassuring like
oh so smooth nice green so nice I'm
lying there writing my were like so
clean oh nice smooth soft being yeah
obviously clean you just waxed my life
away okay I'm pretty sure
look at your wax rip okay you'll find my
uterus and then two weeks later you know
what happens okay but two weeks your
smooth and sexy and then it's like
Karma's way of saying oh so for two
weeks you enjoy a little smooth
silkiness well here you go here is the
plague because it looks like your body
just rolled in poison ivy you get all
these bumps and it's so itchy and
honestly I don't lie okay you can't make
this issue up I'm telling you the truth
you know I don't believe me here take
this take this take the pencil take the
pencil okay and play connect the dots on
my chest can you see it
oh I hate you after the boxing lady I'll
see you tomorrow 4:00 p.m. okay bring
bring big scripts so comment below let
me know your experiences with hair
removal or your beliefs about the whole
process and all that jazz I make new
videos every Monday and Thursday so make
sure you rate comment and click that
subscribe button as for me and pretty
sure that is all yes
one love superwoman that is a wrap hey I
hope you enjoyed that video as per usual
you can click right there for my last
video also the yellow button right there
it says will it say oh it says subscribe
basically that just means that if you
click it a unicorn will be sent to
school on unicorn island and be fed
tonight with skittles also it'll make me
feel great click Subscribe and I hope
you have a great day I have two eyebrows
now huh
