this look is called really nice teacher
yeah cuz not a single F is given what if
everyone is your girl superwoman I had
to do that four times four takes you
think I would do it by now and it's it's
finally starting to feel like summer
here in Toronto and if where you live
it's summer all the time every day of
the year then good for freaking you why
don't you eat my poo that was a flying
fart I can't jump that high maturity
maturity now don't get me wrong I love
the summer I love summer I'm are those
people who rather be burning hot and
even mildly cold but there's some things
about summer that stressed me a little
bit and I'm just like sure so let me
know if you relate and then if you can
relate you can do my brother I'm gonna
go get a luxury welcome to the
friendzone hmm let's start off with the
beach okay here in Toronto we don't have
like those huge awesome soft beaches we
have like smaller beaches like the cuter
beaches like we have the sons of the
beaches and here's the thing about the
beach okay I feel like no matter what I
do somehow someway okay
sand is gonna end up in places that I
didn't even know as possible like
straight up I could just so much just
put my foot my toe into the water but
imma be crapping on sand for the next
week can I just be real can I just be
real send okay it gets in our buck
cracks okay I'm that's what it is
don't don't look at me with that awkward
smile I don't know what sand in my butt
right now
I never have had in my butt crack I
don't know what you're talking stop it
it's okay it happens everyone should
stop we both know and you could go to
the beach right now come home and if you
start to twerk okay the friction between
your butt cheeks and the sand will start
a fire it happens but honestly if I'm
honest I don't I don't completely mind
this because one exfoliation ain't no
one mad about a little exfoliation and -
well like I figure things reluctantly
touching my butt crack like I feel like
I need to build up a resistance to this
if I ever want to experience Carnaval
and Trinidad so I think it's a win-win
Mashti bop bop that's another thing you
know every winter I'm like oh my god
girl I can't wait till summer okay I'm
gonna be all sexy where all these
outfits and then summertime comes I wait
till gets hot so excited I put on my
shorts on my tank top and then I go into
any establishment
that's indoors our school a mall a
restaurant and I get frostbite like how
I'm sorry is that air-conditioning or
did stop zero just kill me
relax your black clot with the AC no but
seriously it's very difficult to choose
an appropriate outfit okay when it's
boiling hot outside and freezing cold
inside and you already know that those
women's tank tops are like 10 percent
cotton in 90 percent air so I'm gonna be
hella cold in your Dan restaurant now
what why don't you just take this knife
and fork take a take the knife and fork
back no please there's no need I'll just
cut my food with my nipples African guy
hello if this summertime I'm wanting to
be marked another thing I always do
every summer I'm like oh my god this
summer I'm gonna do so many things and I
make this really cool Mentalist like oh
these are the places I'm gonna go the
people I'm gonna meet all the cool
places I'm gonna travel then suddenly I
go to sleep wake up and it's September
don't lecture like I can honestly say
that I have never done anything during
any summer of my entire existence like I
could never be in the movie I know what
you did last summer because it would be
like a blank screen with minimal
storyline that's just useless very
similar to the actual movie I literally
spend my whole summer waking up at 4
p.m.
eating 3 Z's wasting my life on the
internet and then finding what to do
during the summer and since you're here
watching this video you do the same damn
thing like straight up I swear to god
I'm so annoyed at myself you don't my
gravestone is gonna say is to say rest
in peace to the idiot that want a season
pass for Wonderland every summer and
always only when once we'll miss ya now
we can ask you a serious question or
shellfish can ask you a serious question
why are bathing suits and bikinis so
damn expensive like I swear to God I do
not comprehend I walk into these stores
okay look at the price tag okay so new
bikini or tuition for next year
it absolutely boggles my mind good
because it boggles my mind that the
smaller the clothing the less fabric
they use and the less skin it covers
makes the item more expensive does this
make any type of logical sense I could
buy an entire body suit okay
cover my entire body for $19.99 but this
right here this little bra made a
four-string that almost guarantees a nip
slip yeah $59.99 and that's just for the
top because the bottom is $39.99 I'm
sorry what $39.99 for a bikini bottom I
swear to god spongebob and all seven
friends better come with that I'm good
luck yeah $39.99 granny panties four
dollar scissors dollar store little bit
of glitter dollar store six dollars son
speaking of bathing suits let's talk
about swimming pools for a quick little
segment okay I'm generally an easygoing
light-hearted person I don't care about
a lot of things but ish gets real when
I'm about to get into a swimming pool
and that water is cold you know when
you're getting into a swimming pool so
you're taking your time cuz the water is
so cold you know I'm talking about your
site and you're taking the baby steps in
the waters just like pure sink though
you it's like it feels as if I'm
straight-up losing my virginity to
Frosty the Snowman like I can't imagine
what men feel like because your HP week
and then you have some douchebag that
comes up to you threatening to splash
you I can honestly say that I don't
think there is a situation in life that
I'm more serious about than this one
right here okay because I'm already cold
and I need you to understand that if you
splash me I will kill you and your
family while you sleep tonight do you
understand that that situation stresses
me but nothing stresses me more than
swimming pool change room
I cannot even handle the amount of
disgust in those changes like the wet
hair the bandage is the wet towels of
water and the float prints and then
there are the people who just think it's
okay to change right the change right
there in front of me I'm very happy for
you that you are comfortable with your
body like kudos to you but I am not
comfortable being in a porno right now
so if you could just put your boobs away
that'd be swell because honestly it's
one of those awkward things where like
I'm terrified but I can't look away so
I'm like and now I'm making direct eye
contact with your boobs and now I'm
self-consciously compare your boobs to
my boobs and now I need to make a
doctor's appointment honestly just stop
you know what else Leslie you know what
else bugs me bugs bugs traumatize me
terrified I know they say like if a bee
comes near you stand really still so
that it won't attack you just like
similar like if you're in a force and a
bear comes up to you I'd be the first to
die in those situations because I can't
do that ish you're telling me Abby's
gonna come up to you and I'm gonna stand
still no I'm not gonna stand so I'm
gonna bust out with the Harlem shake
I'm doing all types of ish to try
getting that be away free I'm just like
this I'm trying to shoot that be with my
freakin finger the guns just for him
freaking out this and here's the thing
about me is that even though the
situation is done and over with maybe
the bees gone way we're not even and
that's narrow anymore
we've gone inside somewhere we're eating
everyone's hot down the meal I'm still
freaking out paranoid five minutes later
I'm still like don't call me crazy I
know I'm not crazy okay because I know
for a fact that that be laid eggs in my
skin and you know what it'll ease me so
much when people are like why are you
scared of bugs you're bigger than them
I'm sorry I didn't see you eating raw
hamburgers aren't you bigger than e coli
no your effing roll okay because you and
I both know that that B could eat me now
let me go notice you just assumed that
because I'm from Canada and I'm brown
that I live in Brampton I actually live
in Markham which is like a predominantly
Asian area and when I say Asian I don't
mean brown people okay so I live like
two minutes from Pacific Mall and the
thing about these Asians they are
serious okay
about their sun protection any time I
step out of my house in the summer in
Markham I step into Star Wars why
because I go outside wearing sunglasses
my mom will wear a hat other people will
wear visors but no no not the Asian the
Markham they are serious they have these
visors that flip down and cover your
whole face so I'll be driving I look
over just like I am your father and you
know what yeah I'm making fun of them
right now but we all know that they're
gonna be a lot 50 more years than me and
they're gonna be laughing and pissing on
my critic so you know what
Touche in advance anyways if I miss
anything comment below letting me know
the stresses you have in summer but to
be honest I love
summer and although I just spent a lot
of minutes my watches batteries are dead
is just a fashion statement complaining
about it you know what I still love it
and I'm a happy camper
make sure you rate comment and click
that subscribe button because I do make
new videos every Monday and Thursday
don't forget to don't forget to follow
me on Instagram and Twitter and like me
on Facebook all that stuff is in the
description so we'll do that I think
that's it yeah that's it okay one love
superwoman that is a wrap and Zoop hey I
hope you enjoyed that video as per usual
you can click here to watch my last
video usually I have something important
to say here but I don't just kidding I
have the most important thing ever to
say which is I appreciate you taking the
time to watch my videos and for all your
support and I love you and I hope you
have a great day
I also just want to let you go about the
chocolate bits for my last video are
still on the floor and now they're all
melted on my feet see
