there's mango stuck in my teeth
wipe everyone it's a girl superwoman and
I am going through a mid-20s crisis
that's right I'm 24 and this year I'm
turning 25 and honestly don't even ask
me how I managed to survive 24 years of
life because honestly with the decisions
I make
I should have the life expectancy of
like a tamagotchi but here I am
and honestly I'm absolutely freaking out
man because out of nowhere life is just
changing so I want to know am I the only
innocent useless individual experiencing
this or other other people out there out
there who are also experiencing a
mid-20s life crisis these are the
symptoms do you hear that do you hear
that yeah everyone around me is just
falling in love it has all these
feelings and like all these romantic
tendencies and I'm just over here like I
love food I mean I swear to god it's
like on Valentine's Day Cupid just saw
me okay and then saw a cake and just
straight-up shot his arrow when people
from my high school are like getting
engaged to like real people not like oh
I'm gonna marry a Backstreet Boy but no
like actually progressing in life like
what are you thinking how do you go from
sitting beside each other in math class
to spending the rest of your life
together honestly it doesn't add up
see what I did there of course you do
like everyone is just everywhere having
long-term relationships and I'm sitting
over here tonight wearing fake eyelashes
trying to score Hospit ass getting
engaged
some people are up and you're getting
married at the age of 24 is this just me
like is my name David drivers both and M
just is this real life oh so you have
your whole so good honestly you have
your whole life to spend hating your
spouse why I'm starting so early 24
years old are you serious marriage with
a real ring not even a ring pop like
honestly there's only one Rock that I'm
interested in and that's the one on my
t-shirt what up t-shirt reference like
have you all forgotten what you learned
in school oh really have you forgotten
all the lessons I mean the real lessons
the school has taught
you hello people have cooties they have
germs people are yucky and boys smell
most importantly women are from Venus
and men are from Mars and another thing
people certainly have real jobs like
real life jobs I'm talking jobs that
people rely on for an income that they
have to be trained and good at like with
desks and numbers and like targets an
issue watch I mean it seems like
everyone else is sitting in business
meetings like analyzing rap oh and I'm
just over here like holy crap did
Facebook change their layout again I'm
such an airhead and oh my god for the
love of God please stop becoming doctors
and lawyers and other successful people
my facebook timeline is just full of
people who are graduating law school but
with their fancy degrees and run
accident your friggin estatic that my
Instagram picture got 10,000 lights on
like a and you're sitting there
inventing Instagram why are you doing
this to me stop it stop I see you're
being rude stop being smart don't even
get me started on the people who are
just popping out kids like Dana thing
you know those games of arcade where
like a clown or like a ground up like a
clown or groundhog like pops up and get
that hit them okay your uterus should
not resemble that game okay
stop growing up stop being an adult glad
yeah even the princess had a baby okay
the princess had a baby and everyone
else is busy being mature adults are
like oh okay yes
congratulations Prince William I'm
sitting here googling pictures of his
hot brother and I'm just like
oh Henry no not certainly everyone spit
with their fans Oh
gluten-free fat-free carb free diet
people going to the gym working out like
honestly why are you doing this to me
why are you doing this to me why are you
making good decisions stop that y'all
just posting pictures with your new abs
and your before-and-afters and your
freaking you biceps and I'm just sitting
here doing everything I could possibly
do to become fat and by everything I
mean eat more honestly that's pretty
much it honestly just like everyone
else's priorities are changing okay I
will become a successful making money
has jobs you know falling in love being
super cool mature awesome adult people
okay I am NOT and social media just
wants to remind me about this every
single day I swear to god Facebook you
little punk you know little corner of
your website will you let me know what
everyone else is doing yet that corner
needs to die I swear to God later
tonight I'm gonna play minesweeper right
over that corner in hopes that figured
you explode why because I don't know how
to play that game because I don't need
anymore reminders that everyone else is
doing so well with their jobs and
spouses and awesome cool mature adult
news whereas I'm gonna end up alone like
a crazy cat lady that has 15 different
kitty cats okay now if you can relate
and if you're experiencing something
similar click the link in the
description to share this video because
I wanted out am I alone am I alone am i
alone and hey you know the most
important part of this videos you can
make a kind donation to this cause right
here with one simple step and that is to
chill the eff out and please act your
damn age and by after damn age I mean
please act as immature as I am why
because I'm sitting here in my tree
house okay stressing out make sure you
read comments and click that subscribe
button because I do make new videos
every Monday and Thursday and I
sincerely hope that this video related
to you that it made you laugh smile and
snicker and to be completely honest I'm
not actually sure with the word snicker
means or if I used in the right context
but I'm gonna go with it my nose is
itchy ah everything's going on as for me
that is a rat it's been fun it's been
it's been swell it's been swell if
anyone wants a lot of half-eaten
chocolate
one love superwoman that is a wrap and
should probably end of the video yo what
up I hope you enjoyed that video as per
usual you can click right there's my
last video on my Facebook Twitter links
all that jazz right there remember that
time when I was like you could really
lunch with me I have the winner right
here I don't want to give a huge
congratulations to to winkle Patel from
Scarborough Ontario for winning an
exclusive lunch with yours truly at the
booty flame you will not only have a
lunch with me but an exclusive photo
shoot a sign inquisitive illustration of
myself by Bulgari bizarre so twinkle I
can't wait to see the twinkle in your
eyes congratulations this is borderline
illegal probably by
