can I start talking now are we like yeah
welcome to Lily live I'm so upset I know
it's been so so long so did a livestream
already the volumes were adjusted
because previous to this Toni said how
loud you're gonna be and now I'm so much
louder welcome whatever with you no soup
room and I'm so excited for today's Lily
live because it is me telling stories
while all the trash embarrassing
scary exciting things of my childhood my
Delta but before we get into all of that
if you don't know what's going on once a
month usually I do a live stream like
this one called Lily live previously
known as a super life and they're all
somatic and today's that theme is
storytime so if you want to get involved
and you want to ask me about certain
stories I want to prompt certain stories
how do you do it how do you do it how
you do it ask the audience how you do it
how do you tweet me then this thing
should come up oh my god there it is
technology tweet me at hi Superman III
use the hashtag Lily live bonus points
if you make live all capital because I
love organization I like when things
look clean so go ahead and do that and
you could interact with me as for now
though you can go on my Twitter and on
all my social medias I'm gonna be
sharing this live stream you'll hit that
retweet don't tap that ish we Facebook
reblog repost reaps nacho do everything
revine all that ish and let people know
that live stream is starting right now
and to join us cuz it's don't be late
another popcorn I got mad with that for
these Kyle's knows on a sunny day okay I
know I'm my ish and we start to have a
good time so grab yourself some drinks
grab some snacks
don't be late here I have treats for
unicorns and these treats for unicorns
are storytimes they are things that
questions what is the most embarrassing
moment what would you this will be
scared of I'm gonna pick them and tell
you true honest stories about my life is
not BS I was not lie I'll be very
detailed depending on the question and I
will tell you the truth about these
stories how are we good to go should we
start you gonna start okay funnel it
shouts to my girl hate copy this pillows
a designer furs and his dopest ass okay
first one here we go instant regret of
the prompts in here instant regret oh
look at this production zooming up on
the handle let me
and look good hold on thank you thank
you for that production Tony all right
here we go back to like there's a pile
of ten but there's a greener okay here
we go the first door return here for an
hour by the way so we got to make it
count okay and also before I start let's
take a deep breath cuz I talked really
fast I know I'm always very late chaotic
if you're having a bad day yo for the
next hour you're chilling with me we're
gonna have a good time
forget about your worries forget to put
your stresses my head was hurting before
those knots are hurting anymore that's
the impact you have on me so let's just
have a good time share some stories and
laughs capisce no one said anything okay
so what K this this story's about some
of my most stressful moments okay so I
turned out to stress too much in life
but there's definitely some moments in
my life that have been super super
stressful like here's an example the
running on my period I didn't know what
it was because Indian parents don't have
that talk besides I thought I was dying
but that's not the story we're talking
about today this story is about one most
stressful moment of my life was when I
was younger here's a situation right you
all know that I was obsessed with
wrestling like obsessed I would go above
and beyond to meet wrestlers and go to
events so when I was younger in Toronto
WrestleMania
which is like the biggest wrestling
event ever came to Toronto and I was
like over the moon to go I saved up I
got tickets I waited in line for like 10
hours I woke up at like 4:00 a.m. to go
get these tickets or like a big deal to
me finally got these tickets day of the
show have all my signs you know cheering
on the rock was the rock versus Hogan
I'm a little kid I'm walking towards the
door to go into Wrestlemania holding my
tickets and I drop the tickets by
mistake I was walking over like a sewer
vent okay and I vividly remember
watching in slow motion as my
WrestleMania tickets just like floated
in the air and those holes in the floor
and I was like oh my effing god are
gonna die and it just landed like this
right above the little thing in the
ground it could have fallen through I
will never forget those 30 seconds
my life cuz they felt like an eternity
and I started crying even though they
didn't pull it all worked out I went to
Wrestlemania
the rockweed Hogan everything was great
but I was so goddamn stressed I can like
literally I just peed a little in this
chair thank God it's yellow so you want
people to see but yo it was stressful
that's what the most stressful stories
of my life another one here are you not
gonna zoom in my hand Tony what the hell
get it come on it okay and you start
again okay all right if you're wondering
who the hell Tony is by the way I have a
brand deal with frosted flakes and
Tony's controlling the camera he's a
sexy muscular man and he's here zooming
in and out of not only the camera but my
heart all right
next story oh it's about types of pets
I've had well in a recent video you
already know I had a pet cat named Oreo
that ran away from me but other pets
I've had when I was younger I had an
aquarium full of fish and I was very
adamant on not naming my fish I was like
I don't want to get emotionally attached
to these sorry I mean fish are great but
useless animals I was like what am I
gonna get - you might be able tell the
difference between all these fish
there's so many goddamn fish that look
the same so one day I made an exception
I went to store and I bought a beta
fighting fish if you don't know what a
beta fighting fish is they fight and
they're stupid because if you hold a
mirror up to it it'll start fighting
itself thinking at the different fish so
I was like alright this is so beautiful
it's purple and it's fiery and it has
personality so for the first time in my
life I named one of my fishes I named
that beta fighting fish superwoman and I
was like great you are superwoman you
are a representation of me
okay the very next morning I woke up the
other fish ate its head I'd swear to the
other fish ate super woman's head and
the super woman was upwards in the dirt
without a head and the other fish were
just eating it I don't know I thought
that was the fighting forces other fish
were like pansy mother-effing goldfish
in it
and they just ate superwoman so after
that I never named any of my fish again
are you telling me okay cause things I'm
trash about some trash over there trash
you thing you back it was frozen trash
moral of the story is I named a fish
ones that died horribly other fish ate
it that's what happened to my pet fish
whatever you had comment below let me
know what pets have you had I feel like
some of the most traumatizing things
that can happen to you
I was what they habits of pets like who
cares about boyfriends and girlfriends
and trash like that like pets that's the
real goddamn deal that crappy fish that
I knew for 24 hours just was my homey
and I am emotionally scarred by super
woman's head being mean I'm just saying
alright next story by the way I only
have a few story problems in here so you
got a tweet using the hashtag Lilly live
and let me know if the story you want to
hear is not on one of these stickies I
know your trash hot mess ratchet sells
already gonna think of some dirty trash
stories feel free to tweet me your
wonderful suggestions okay this one is
best trip vacation oh I've had a lot of
really great trips I've been on two
tours which means that like I've had a
really really great experience of
traveling but there's one this is
actually I was gonna make a whole video
about this but I thought maybe I would
just find it funny no nose so those of
you might know that watch the black
channel might know my really good friend
name on oceany she's one of my closest
friends we do a lot of stupid things
together okay so one time you went on
this trip and it's the dumbest crap ever
this is what I still lived in Toronto
and all of our other friends that we
have a group of like ten friends they
all went to like Cuba Mexico Jamaica it
was like vacation time and everyone's
going somewhere I mean and we're like we
can't afford this we don't we can't do
this time we're not fabulous enough for
this so we decided to go on our own trip
and we decided to go to Niagara Falls
now if you live in Toronto in buffler
anywhere close the air you know that's
like the trash place your family takes
you on a long weekend pretending it's a
vacation when really it's you go to
Niagara Falls both you rock the world I
don't know what this is it's a waterfall
very large waterfall is the wonder of
the world I don't think so but it's a
large wonderful half of it is in Canada
half it's in America and pretty sure the
better side isn't yeah though and you go
there and it's like this really cool
phenomena but then you stand there for
literally 15 seconds there's like when
you're like alright then those are rapid
then you drive like three hours back
home so it's really useless anyways
there's a street there that has all
these spun like haunted houses and
casinos and cool stuff so like we're
gonna go to Niagara Falls mind you we
weren't that young so like we were
adults at this point we're like
20-somethings right so we're planning
this trip
both of us have anxiety about spending
this money to get a hotel and drive
there do all this stuff so we're being
very particular we spent no exaggeration
for hours for Honor's so far planning
this trip finding the perfect hotel
close to the falls close to the street
to do all these fun things for hours
after anxiety we finally booked this
hotel we drove all the way to Niagara
Falls checked into our hotel
we're like a so how far is the walk to
get to the Falls and get to like the
street the guy pulls out a map I swear
to God he pulls up the bible's like
here's the map he's like this is the
hotel and the falls if you just look off
the map over here it's all the way over
we somehow booked after four hours some
poeple dowton I was like 20 minutes
driving distance from the Falls coz are
morons so then we're like oh my god
we're so stupid we can't spend the whole
weekend here there's no way because if
they pay for in and outs of parking
we're too cheap we can't do this this
would be 40 cents was poppin you know
and we was back on those cagey days you
know I'm saying right still okay so then
we're like we have to come up with a way
to get out of this hotel situation so
the first day of our vacation we spent
the entire night orchestrating a major
lie as to why we needed to check out
this hotel but why they shouldn't charge
us in doing so so we were Hurst lines we
went downstairs the next morning fully
were her stress look hi
we um need to check out of this hotel
even though we have a reservation for
four days and it's not our fault and
here's why and then I know she step in
she's like there was a lot of noise and
people were banging on our door and
running away and I was like this is
correct and also and we would have all
these lies literally in ten second the
person was like okay
like okay so that's and then we got our
hotel that was closer and yeah that may
not sound funny but I promise when
you're drunk stupid and broke it's
really funny that hopefully we also
spent that entire trip don't ask why
there was a heart-shaped hot tub in our
room we spent the entire trip in this
hot tub in our bathing suits here's the
easy thing only speaking in a British
accent I don't know why I don't know why
any restaurant you went to anyone who
talked to he only spoke in a British
accent I will have you know we got a lot
of things for free though best oh it was
the best me to know she had the best
time you want to do it again like over
and over again I had such a good time
because they're just like chill vibes
being in a hot tub with your girl
getting drunk talking about life was
better than that okay yeah maybe I'll
cruise and they'd be an all-inclusive
resort boys come home okay what the
hell's this mean okay well I wrote in my
notes university stories but my stupid
TV broke you know Versalles furnace so I
think this means universities to perfect
oh yes Barney stories would university
also on that note can I just say every
time I say the word University can you
actually zoom into my face cuz I need
them to really understand what I'm
talking we're we're here by the way feel
free to laugh you guys don't have to go
I want people to think I'm funny so
laugh and scream and do interact okay
when I say University I get a lot of
comments my videos are like oh my god
you should just show off you're trying
to sound smart why'd she say College
excuse me in Canada College and
University are different things that
doesn't make sense just because in
America people say College not
University I went to university not
College nothing is better it's a
different thing that's like being like
why he never see you drank water why
can't you just say you drank Coke cuz I
didn't I didn't do that it's a different
thing that's why okay so now okay so in
University I was part of a dance team
and I was on a dance team for three
years was si a South Asian alliance and
we competed and that's where I started
my dance career and we did some stupid
MA
the ethem things for this dance team I
gotta say people was just feeling
classes we used to sleep at school in
like classrooms I'm gonna tell you two
stories and you're gonna think I'm lying
but these are real stories so we used to
like a lot of borderline illegal things
for the dance team like stay overnight
in school in places you weren't allowed
to stay or like practice in places you
weren't allowed to practice like kind of
break into some classrooms to practice
there it was all like to try to win the
dance coming it was basically like the
brown version of bring it on was way
stricter parents basically is what it
was okay two things number one so a lot
of us live pretty far from the school
and so driving back and forth was like
hours and hours were like yo we need to
practice at night and again in the
morning with the practice there's no
point of going home we have nowhere to
stay obviously her ability to book
hotels we've already crossed that out so
we found in the music department of his
large campus there was a piano room and
when I say piano room I want you to
imagine like a walk-in closet but with a
piano
it's her students to go and just like
practice piano and then they walk that's
it right us holes we brought two air
mattresses we brought a cooler full of
food we made that closet for like a week
no one found us and we made that walk-in
closet a bedroom for five people and
which we slept in there and ate in there
and it was disgusting and then one
random morning a teacher walked in and
she was like what the f is this we were
all just like sleepy got her everybody
just was disturbing embarrassing trip I
would do it again no problem
second story similar situation we needed
somewhere to sleep he pulls an
all-nighter we're practicing until like
5:00 a.m. and there's this area in my
school that was like a public area very
large public area similar to library not
really is like a quiet study area
there's a whole bunch of sofas so one of
our friends is like yo I'm so tired
today I can't sleep on the floor he took
every surface imagine this this chair
right here imagine it sideways so the
flat part is upwards he took eight of
those chairs and made a bed in the
middle of this quiet area okay this is
at 5:00 a.m. classes started like 8:00
we got up at 8:00 but he didn't so he
didn't wake him up
and so when you walked basically every
I went to school that day saw this have
known at a chair because they're all
sideways he was sprawled across them
sleeping in the middle of this area
Intel like 2:00 p.m. and it was the
greatest crap off my life not to mention
again he was a brown kid so he was
wearing like a kurta pyjama if you don't
know what that is like a traditional
like painting things like all the white
people were like super scared about what
was happening but it was the best crap
ever we did a lot of really stupid
my friend chase he felt like four five
classes for dense soup anyways yeah okay
you got a prompt okay let's do it okay
Stella Stella okay embarrassing birthday
optimum birthday hell nah I don't think
I've ever had an embarrassing birthday
um I don't think so I mean crack my head
open when I was younger Lindbergh that
we know that um otherwise I don't think
I've had an embarrassing birthday I know
another person's embarrassing birthday
that I kind of contributed to what just
my sisters but I feel really bad till
date that this happened my sister you
know she was in her teen years going
through those confusing times if she was
like trying to be the cool girl and she
was like had all these friends that she
threw this party at her house was a
really big deal and I'm six years
younger sounds like a brat kid so I was
like you're when they cut this cake I'm
gonna scoop that side piece of that cake
now corner piece that's my piece my
sister got the two hours to get ready in
my mom sorry again going back to brown
kids cheering my mom I'm sorry his silk
sari she was so excited about it I think
it was like the first time mom allowed
boys over two so it's like a big deal
for so I got my piece of cake and I put
it on my chair and then doesn't go I
didn't get a fork so I left it all in
the chair anyone gonna fork and my
sister sat in it
she's sat in the cake and then we'll
have a party and ruined the syringe is
so embarrassing so sad and I felt so bad
because I was like I did on purpose I
didn't before but that was her
embarrassing birthday that I kind of
contributed to because I'm a hole I'm a
nasty cow fat cake obsessed hoe anyways
all right what we got here all right
it's only been 20 minutes damn y'all
gonna have to send me some props we're
almost done of stickies okay okay this
one is asking about my first kiss Tony
I'm buck tell them our story oh you
ready for this all right I will be
honest let's talk about kisses I feel
really bad for saying this but I don't
know if I completely remember my first
kiss and that's really bad get a good
people with so much pressure on like
first kisses I don't really remember it
I do remember who no I'm pretty sure
what it was was during summer vacation
after grade eight yeah it was after
grade eight I'm pretty sure he was good
Rafi by the way my jaw my ta for
everyone watching uh he was I pretty
sure we just like on a random screen was
like and I thought that was it I don't
remember completely I'm so sorry if
you're watching this or someone that
knows in watchings I'm so sorry it's my
fault I'm a trash bag because not only
do I not remember first kiss I don't
think I remember my second kiss either
you really don't
all I do remember though and this says a
lot is that I prompted both of them I do
remember that I don't remember the exact
scenario but I'm pretty sure I initiated
both of those because I'm such a like a
control freak like that knows like we
gonna fuse on my terms when I walk in
this way with my hands around here and
I'm pretty sure that's how it happened
um my second kiss was with the Trini guy
I'm pretty sure one which explains a lot
I think that with a lot of things into
perspective
but yeah I think this one was and I
think the second kiss was I made him
close his eyes because I was like I
bought you a chain and I want to put the
chain on your neck and then I liked
kissing when I think it was awkward cuz
he got scared music whoa
and like I don't think I don't think it
was a romantic thing I don't think it
was romantic at all I think it was
pretty pretty bad so bad right so bad
right it's bad it's bad
I don't know you're 9 or something I do
everything like you should know that I
wasn't the last one of my friends to get
her period the last one to have a first
kiss the last one to do anything
you were later than me oh don't know
that man yeah I was like all those
almost late and lasted to everything I'm
just like I think you take my time I do
think what I want to do things I don't
be like 93 being like mom I'm ready to
settle down
mom's beat her grave like shut the F up
all right oh wait sorry sorry sorry
sorry sorry
break everything okay okay
this one says celebrity moments
embarrassing celebrity moments you know
I'm thankful to say that a lot of my
slippery counters aren't embarrassing
because usually when I meet people
they're wonderful I've had very few
experiences where I've met someone
they're jerk except for maybe like
humble no kidding I'm kidding I'm the
one I can think of is when I was on my
way to go shoot bad mom so where did
that shoot again I don't remember it
shot him like oh no New Orleans I think
New Orleans yeah Sean New Orleans and I
was not on my way there and I was on the
plane and I was sleeping and I woke up
after the flight and my ears were so
plugged because as they do get on planes
and I was so so so tired so imagine some
of the thick half asleep not completely
in and also can't hear so I woke up and
I noticed in front of me I was like this
guy looks so familiar
it was Aston Kutcher and I was like oh
Frank and I remember that years ago he
posted one of my videos on his Facebook
page so I was that perfect opportunity
for me to say thank you so I was like hi
excuse me and he clearly did not why did
we bother don't think I was i hi I'm so
sorry to bother you um a few years ago
you posted my facebook wait like a video
on Facebook I mind he's like oh yeah
cool cool and I was like superwoman he's
like yeah and I was like yeah okay cool
about what are you doing in New Orleans
I was such a moron like okay I knew why
I was going to New Orleans and that was
to shoot bad moms featuring Mila Kunis I
asked him at why you going to New
Orleans
what he said was to visit some family
that's what he said okay what I heard
with my plugged ears was to take a nap
so then
Ayana be like Oh taking that like
completely as if that's what I say he's
like no I was like and that's how the
conversation ended that is how the
conversation ended not like I couldn't
put tuna together like you are going to
see Mila Kunis thus he is probably also
in to see his wife Mila Kunis as well
and then the next day me that comes up
to me and she's like oh so thousands
they sat in front of you on the plane
and I was like wish who a husband with
this already
but that's my story of me being a stupid
moron and not understanding he just like
jet away from me so I should I'm sorry
for being a piece of trash it was a
mother fault all right
whoa is anyone even enjoying this are
people watching us great hey thanks for
these I'll take your time to watch this
you know that means a lot there's like a
hundred million other things that you
could be doing a probably should be
doing besides this trash and you're
doing this so thank you I appreciate
that
Oh what's another embarrassing moment
one but this one's just about when I was
younger embarrassing moment when I was
younger her I would like to preface this
with I believe getting embarrassed is a
choice I don't make very often I think
it you don't have to get embarrassed if
you play things off and just like yo no
it's cool so I get embarrassed very
often but there was a time I got really
really embarrassed I wasn't like great
too and I was so goddamn birth we had
gym class and we're all standing in the
circle doing stretches in gym class and
I was standing and everyone else was
standing doing the stretch and then my
teacher said okay everybody sit down and
I like zoned out so I didn't listen to
her so I was still standing and everyone
sat down and so my friend is like Lily
sit down and she pulls my pants and they
fall down in front of the entire class
anyway - I was epic traumatize god knows
what kind of goddamn fleamarket
underwear my mom gave me that great to
wear
god knows what the hell was on them I
was so damn embarrassing
I will never forget that and she was
like cool I was like in my brain I
looked at her not just like oh one day
we're gonna meet again in our 30s and
40s and girl I'm gonna remember this
moment you know I might destroy you and
then I decided that you know I'm gonna
start a girl oh so that can't happen
unless I see you and we stretch you in
at yoga or something girl I'm coming for
you all okay audience prompt that's okay
Claire holds today only one star
embarrassing airport mom oh yeah I made
a video about this I think I don't do
airport stories you know I don't
embarrass in the white right word have I
chosen a Cosmo over catching a flight
yes but yeah what I can think of is so
when I was
I've never miss applied in my life
because of my fault except for once okay
and this was I was doing contiki tours
which is like a tour that takes you
across like HS I was going to Thailand
and I had to go there later than the
rest of the crew cuz I had an event so I
was like rushing to get to Thailand and
I had a stopover in Hong Kong I think it
was talking Hong Kong and I guide and I
was it was so early my period was so
early as the video was on my channel it
wasn't two weeks early I was like what
the f cuz all the traveling fun fact all
the traveling can F up the time you have
your period right the turbulence
you know the peanuts on the aircraft all
that trash we can all F it up so for the
first time ever I didn't have any
feminine products that I was like oh my
god I literally have nothing so I go
into the washroom to be like oh they're
obviously gonna have like a little
dispenser thing only take Hong Kong
Queens I was like Oh frig like I don't
have any my clothes this was like 4:00
in the morning so every store is closed
nothing in the airport is open I have no
coins or notes
changed to buy anything every person I
spoke to didn't know English so me tried
to explain like me was not happening
okay I literally had to like ask
passengers in the airport I went to
every path like do you speak English I
have my period I need your help and tell
someone finally gave me something and it
was the worst experience of my goddamn
life coz I was literally ladies eyes
want to paint you a picture okay at 4:00
in the morning let me paint you a
picture with only the color bed okay
or in the morning I'm sitting in this
Airport there's almost no one in it
there's like only three people and all
them are like we don't understand what
you're saying literally sitting there
like this with your period being like I
don't know what to do this solve this I
literally have to I'm gonna have to buy
a t-shirt or something I don't know what
to do like literally it was trash it was
a trash situation that was the worst
experience then not to mention after I
solved that all I had a long stopover I
took some Advil I fell asleep and I miss
my flight moving on next is there a next
thing oh my boobs do go there you see
that I'm good what all right next one
most I have gotten in a lot of trouble
growing up y'all are you not Rupp that
table and go Joe go another time I'm
gonna be honest I didn't get into a lot
of trouble because of lying and things
like that I never used to lie I never
used to be that hole that would lie and
go chill with her boyfriend do any of
that trash but there was a time where I
did lie about something growing up this
was always my thing I'm very passionate
about something and that is my
friendships like I really try to be a
good friend friends are really important
to me so growing up as you know I had
those two tamil best friends and one of
them both them used to work at this
grocery store called no-frills so me my
best friend Ike's also super close I
worked at Harveys the fast food
restaurant that you know of she worked
at no-frills which was a gross
store and she took like three months or
four months or however many months off
from work and so she was set to go back
to work no we're like teens you know
we're like some fragile like brittle
people that are like scared of the world
and she was so stressed about going back
to work because at the grocery store get
from memorize all of these codes for
fruit
he was like 500 codes that you had to
know the difference between like a
nectarine like a goddamn peach and I go
to F aren't do the same thing yeah but
you have another difference so she was
so stressed out about memorizing this I
was like okay I know what I'm gonna do
I'm gonna make it so I for her entire
shift can kind of be in the grocery
store doing moving around and maybe have
a list of these codes as a cheat sheet
for her to try to help her up the only
problem was during that time where she
had work I also had work I had worked
the same time so what I did was I
switched my shift I skipped school and
went to work instead so that after my
shift at work I could go to her work and
just be there for her to make her feel
more comfortable so there I am at
Harveys flipping burgers during science
class okay skipping school out here on
the grind at my job no high school what
yeah and suddenly my cell rings and it's
my sister and I'm like why would my
sister be calling me during school this
makes no sense so I answered she's where
are you and you know my sister was like
way more my mother than my mother was
where are you why aren't you at school
oh I was like freaking the FO so somehow
she booked that I skipped school and
worked instead so here I am this is what
I was crying a fear not because of lying
about drugs or boys but because I picked
up an extra shift at work to help out my
friend because she was scared about
something so all I know is after my
shift my mom picks me up and I'm waiting
in the parking lot literally pista'
strangling down my leg okay train
killing down my leg my mom picks me up I
get into the car just the most awkward
silence really no words I could be spoke
my mom's like why everybody I do not
know man she just looked the other me
for two seconds and then she said
nothing it was fine my sister yelled at
me way more than my mom did but that was
the most trouble I've ever gotten in
from my sister or my mom and I think I
was grounded for X amount of time but
like how could you really ground kids
you know I could my room I had like a
n64 initially I was like okay but it was
I got a lot of trouble for that but that
was probably the most all gotten yeah
that's what a good try thats how much
that's why oil friend I am that's what a
good daughter I am just so you all know
all right next all right la la this one
says injuries oh Jesus God yall already
know I got broke up here yall already
know I got broke up here do you know how
I got broke up here so if you zoom in
close enough I don't Tony I don't know
if you'd be able to see this you zoom in
real real close I don't think you will
but if you look really close it what's
more of a texture thing there's a little
bit of a thing right here mics are where
I was a youngin
you know I was trying to be an athlete
outside my house me my friends we were
playing baseball right just outside of
my house and step one yeah step one was
me trying to be an athlete you know and
I it was not my turn to bat it was my
turn to be like you know the person was
the person at the back bat catcher is
out it is bat texture you didn't know
what's about to happen this girl is
about to swing she swings back right
into my eye and this was my exact
reaction I need to let you know I went
like this I fell on the ground and I
wanted to imagine a young girl trying to
swim on the floor because that's what I
looked like trying to run into my house
so this was me this is the house and I
was on the ground
like trying to swim somehow into my
house running while lying down and
through this blood everywhere everywhere
and I was like I could have legit went
blind but it hit me here just under my
eyeball and I had to get I was a major
cut here and I had like a packed over my
eye for a really long time in addition
to that when I was born in the hospital
my sister always calls me a Simpson
because I was born with jaundice and so
I didn't get to go home when I was born
for like three weeks I started I was in
the hospital as a sickly baby that was
yellow jaundice makes her skin yellow
and so I was a very like sickly child
right from the get-go at least three
times a year and I'm not exaggerating
this it just straight facts okay at
least two to three times a year
for the first 12 years of my life I got
your infections two to three times a
year for like 12 years I've had if you
look at my record I probably have a 30
to 40 year infections in my life like a
normal occurrence like if it was like
you're officially oh it's Tuesday again
it he got an ear infection like so many
nights of my life I would be like this I
didn't drop some ear infections all day
long my immune system was not good going
up it explains why I'm so late right now
I know I'm saying why I'm so resilient I
know no I'm saying no all right next we
only got three left post we look at me
rose we got three left you only just
sent me some prompts call you need to
stop ignoring them
today's video is very special so as you
know it is Monday is super Monday which
means a new video is coming on it's
gonna come out actually at the very end
of this livestream the second I'm done
it's gonna be up why because I want you
to stay on this channel and click the
ads I don't want you to go away I want
you to stay here someone do everything I
came to just rope you in to stay here
right at this lab so my videos in the
commode is a collab with a Manny mwah
popcorn makeup artist I met him for the
first time yesterday he is lovely and
wonderful and just I'm obsessed I'm
obsessed with his energy and personality
killed in my videos so a collab is gonna
come out right as livestream is done so
stay tuned and I will throw to it in
such a way that's very exciting says day
tune Tony come come on Tony here we go
okay here we go here we go here we go
here we go here we go do you want to
tweet why do i why did he burping and
hiccupping Oh me this is all this trash
okay make sense if you want to tweet me
at I suppose using a hashtag you a life
all the information is right there look
at this little graphic you know how hard
it was to figure out how to do this Tony
spends like two hours every time just
doing this just figuring this out so at
the very least tweets out appreciation
for him weird none of us know how to
livestream
okay none of us literally if you look
over here there's like a machine three
times that in my house trying to put
this laughing together it's a situation
every time but this next story is about
Oh ghost stories I bet colloid I I would
like to preface this with I do believe
in ghosts I really really do do I
believe in ghosts the way that like
horror movies present them maybe not but
I do think that spirit exists and I do
think that some are probably good and
some are probably bad so the closest
thing to a ghost story and for anything
if anything this is a scarier version of
ghost story because it's so realistic
it's like such so little happen that
makes it realistic basically once upon a
time me I was on a dance team and I had
an event for all of my dancers and all
of their families
so my parents were there and all of my
dancers were there and all of their
parents were there I had this dance team
for like five years with my closest
friends but only at this event did our
parents meet for the first time and
randomly we discovered that me and one
of my dancers let's call him gee that
was a search for Shore from name his mom
and my mom worked together for years
when they first came to Canada and none
of us knew this like we had no idea what
this connection and they brought this
vendor what the hell that's your
daughter that your son was so weird so
then we Angie discovered that our moms
basically came to Canada together and
basically worked together for years then
I was like so kosu Pirkle so I had this
great idea during Thanksgiving where I
was like yo we have discovered this
amazing friendship we should bring them
back together
so I Thanksgiving I said gee I'm gonna
bring my mom over to your house and they
can have like a Mother's Day and like
rekindle we also brought my aunt to also
work with them so I was like this good
reunion of people who haven't seen each
other for a long time now I truly
believe that you know like final
destination when you eff with fate
things go wrong that's what I believe
this was I believe for some reason
because I believe in science from the
universe a lot and this once a day I'm
like oh I was a sign from the universe
right there I believe that we were not
supposed to bring these people back
together and the universe gave us signs
so we go to his house he lives in an
area called old Finch now if you from
the hood you know where that is but it's
known to be like a haunted area growing
up there's always stories about old
Finch about the houses and old Finch or
like the bridge at old Finch is very
much so known to be like a haunted place
he lived around that area yeah
great choice by the way great choice so
we go to his house have Thanksgiving
dinner
they rekindle they they reunite it's
great it's wonderful my mom goes home
with my aunt and I stay to chill for a
while longer everything's great now upon
exiting his house I cannot explain like
I told this day cannot explain exactly
what I felt but I felt very strange very
like that was really nice but like
something seems really off and I can't
grab my finger on it so I'm driving home
and there's a huge stretch of his street
that has no lights and it's like
farmland so it's a dark haunted farmland
trash place that's hard dude so I
driving I'm so out of it where I'm just
like and I didn't even this was like I
don't even drink I was like 14 not 15 so
I didn't drink or anything and I was
just so out of it so I was driving and I
was at a stop sign and I vividly
remember being like y'all pay attention
and I looked to the right and I looked
forward I looked at laughing like it's
clear I started driving this car
consider know where there's honking at
me cuz I didn't see the car that was at
the stop sign so I was like yo you're so
out of it what's wrong with you so go
home and for the next three days all of
my friends were like what the hell is
wrong with you acting so weird no one I
don't know I just feel so strange and I
felt as if the best way to describe it
is I felt as if I was watching myself do
things like I was just watching Lilly
talking to her friends and eating but I
didn't feel like I was doing any of
those things and so I felt like super
super strange for three days and I
dismissed it as like yo you're just
being crazy girl you probably PMSing
your puppies whatever then randomly
three days later my mom comes up to me
says no words and this is my mom some
who's like so strong and very seldom
shows emotion and she comes up to me and
says no word that she starts crying and
I'm like what's wrong and she said these
exact words she's like I don't know ever
since we went to your friend's house I
felt really really weird and she said
those exact words to me and I'm like
what the f so we started hugging and we
cried for like an hour about this weird
feeling that we both had and then the
next night when I went as I am convinced
that somehow someway they were not
supposed to reunite those two friends
and that was like a universe warning us
and we both got mildly possessed that's
why I mean what other logical
explanation is that the chicken was that
ho nah
okay not we was possessed we was
possessed oh he's not scary I know right
bring he says jokes I give you chills I
mean aren't you used to me giving you
chose phony banessa
Vanessa Vanessa have you ever been a
dangerous life
however been a dangerous or
life-threatening situation
damn I mean I've been in a car in India
before so yes a dangerous and
life-threatening traffic in India
dangerous life-threatening I mean
there's been situations like after ovo 2
years ago I was at the after-party like
10 minutes after that there was a
shooting at the after-party
that's one also
I don't really have anything super super
dangerous though to be honest yeah it is
a good thing no I think I'm blessed
enough to say I haven't been haven't
been in a super super dangerous
situation um oh but think that way is
there anything else or should I pick one
of the two in here okay raha Radha yeah
well he white door best memory with my
sister hmm
me missus have a lot of really really
great memories there's there's a lot of
examples I can give you they're like
super super dumb and stupid and small
that no one will understand like one
example is like when she moved away like
what are you doing she's like eating hot
dogs Mike I'm eating hot dogs till this
day we talked about how are both eating
hot dogs let's do this crap while we
talk until this day with from that time
we're both eating hot dogs um me my
sister had this joke an ongoing joke
when were younger and it's probably one
of my best fondest memories besides that
time we fell to the table um you know I
just sketch growing up you might be too
young to know so you guys don't like hey
Jade spinner but edges sketch was this
like red rectangular thing where you
could like draw pictures with these two
knobs then you shake it to disappear
right do any of you know what this is
okay thank freakin God okay so when we
used to call people sketchy in public we
want to communicate like you're this
person sketchy we do that in public so
one time we were at the airport and this
guy really oh he's sketchy when he was
so far so I couldn't like say like yo
he's sketchy so I was like yo and I was
so impressed that she got I was like yo
she totally understood what I was saying
she's like and it was about my best
memory because we were just like you
know me message it can be super on the
same wavelength sometimes other than
that there is a story we've told it on
my sister's channel when I was a newborn
baby
my sister was carrying me we fight about
whose fault this is I mean I was under 1
years old so I don't see how it's my
ball but she was carrying me and we have
got a new table that she
used to so she was holding her new baby
sister and walking and she fell and
tipped backwards through the glass table
shattered it was sliding on the glass
with it in her back holding her baby
sister she and this is the thing about
my sister she's a hero
she literally held me up with a glass in
her back she was like must have been
like eight years old or something and
how'd you get so many stitches in her
back and she claims that me her
one-year-old baby sister pushed her
through the table I claimed that she
tried to murder me okay but that's a
story that's a real thing those scars
all up and down her back even still the
time she fell through the glass table
and in my brain I just like imagine
being a parent and walking into the
basement and seeing that your daughter's
through the glass table maybe just like
this is so dumb all right well we got
about two more years you prep some more
great have more time we got in here
less than 15 minutes time flies when you
having fun with your food team chopping
up stronger Sherrod
okay here we go I can't open this sticky
you know yeah okay
Oh about your fears when you were
younger and older so when I was younger
because the movie it you're you know I
was scared of spiders and clowns where
you know there's I'm still scared of
spiders I'm tremendously scared of
spiders I'll explain more about that in
a moment I used to be scared of the dark
when I was younger especially cuz I had
one cousin that would always you know
you know one cousin you have where
you're kind of like you know you kind of
crazy and you kind of like effing with
people a little bit more than a normal
person should I had one cousin that
would like put me in wrestling moves he
would throw me into the basement turn
the lights off and lock the door and
he'd be like oh the clown from it is
down there he'd like do things to scare
me all the damn time to the point where
I couldn't sleep at night he would bully
me and try whatever you so so much
I mean now we cool him stuff but like he
would make my life a living hell when we
were growing up that's why I was scared
of the dark cuz you'd always told me
stories and locked me in dark places
when I was younger I was also scared
this doll ahead so I know if they still
have these dolls now but the ones that
are like this and then they close their
eyes and they're like this I'm gonna see
if they open their eyes again this
real God why the heck do those dollars
exist first of all okay you don't have
any movies Annabelle Chucky's bride of
chucky why the Esther those dolls exist
that is just like you know I had one of
those dolls nose frickin horrified of it
I was like that damn doll I has a soul
it's got to have eyes keep opening I
buried it in my closet like buried under
piles of toys but still sometimes I'd
wake up in the way overnight just like
check if the closet door was closed I
was traumatized that a little scared of
the witch from Snow White as we know
because she was just so scary looking
and I didn't like her today the things I
am scared of I am probably more scared
of spiders now than I was when I was
younger that's because I'm now an adult
that understands the real danger of
spiders like they can if they can eat
you okay they can lay eggs all up in
your ish okay I this is why I'm scared
spiders and I swear to God every time I
talk about this half of you hose start
tweeting me pictures of spiders and I
just want to let you know you will be
blocked and you will be deleted if you
do this to me I so don't even play
I am scared because I can what is you
want to talk with me I can feel spiders
on me like I feel it that's why I get
tripped up as I don't want to talk about
it and I hate them so if I see a spider
this is a true thing in the middle of
the night when I'm trying to fall asleep
I will find them we go like this because
I will be envisioning the spider like
that's how much it FS with my mind and
why I can't have spiders around me I'm
not down with that ish in addition to
that one of the more like real effed up
things I'm scared of which I should
probably like see maybe a psychiatrist
about is I'm scared of people who have
died I was like telling someone this
earthers day I'm scared of people who
have died that I've actually known in
life because I don't comprehend where
they have gone and so I'm just like
scared so a lot of you know I was really
close to my grandfather I when my
grandfather died three four years ago I
had such bad for the month that he
passed away I'd really really bad sleep
paralysis like every single night for a
month I would go to sleep because when
my grandfather died he was not healthy
so he had what the Collister called was
a call
what's that called the UH dementia yeah
dementia so he was not acting like
himself in the month that he passed away
so you used to like save really strange
things
call me different names he used to be a
little bit violent sometimes he was not
acting like himself so that was my last
memory of my grandfather unfortunately
and so when he passed away for a month I
would have these dreams where I would be
sleeping and sleep paralysis basically
where your eyes can be open so you see
what's happening but you can't move so I
have this news my grandfather was just
like walking towards me trying to hurt
me and I could not get up and I have him
for a month and I was looking for a
month wake up like crying screaming it
was the worst crap ever and then my mom
for months she would put a glass of
water under my bed and put a steel
bangle under my pillow to get rid of
these dreams and for I guess the placebo
effect in my mind was like this is
science it works this is correct and so
even when I used to travel for the whole
year anyone that knows me I don't think
any of you worked with me but I used to
travel with this steel thing to put
under my pillow even in hotels to not
have these dreams but till this day I am
still scared of that the one thing I'm
scared of is like if I'm washing my face
or from the washing my hair I still have
that like image of my grandfather and I
have to open my eyes good oh my god
freak I'm really scared of that so
that's quite effed up actually but I
mean spiders and that probably are the
two things team super Trinidad pick up
ASAP T&T walk one must be one buff is
that team solution today oh you get you
get in blotto
you get blotto unique is a game Oh mmm
I'm have some words I'm have some words
you gonna be blue your IP address will
be blocked from getting my merge when it
drops when I go on the third tour you
will not be able to get tickets okay you
are getting black from my youtube
channel right now I swear just I'm
sweating just because that's sweating
I'm literally sweating Toni feel my
boobs I'm can you zoom up on my hand for
a second so you show you my boob sweat
good watch I'm gonna show you my boobs
okay can you see my hand
is glistening is literally glistening
right now okay that's the last one
you're nasty okay this one is about
fainting stories I have a few of those
I'm a pansy when it comes to hydration
and staying standing you know I fall
very good to old stories I have or one
was when I was in line to meet ex
fucking Kane two wrestlers I was in life
like seven hours is a really really hot
day I fainted in line my dad had to
carry me like this to the ambulance to
get in front of line that's one time I
fainted the second time is much more
eventful though so back in the days to
be super super religious and there's
this religious parade the Hat that's
called another carrot then that happens
every every year and I've never been to
it so when I was you know in my first
year or second year of high school I
want to go to this thing eventually you
go to the temple they take all these
busses downtown and there's a parade
like I'm gonna go that morning I got my
period
and as someone early on in what you
already laughs in Hawai period I love my
period and growing up when I see on my
period he's been really bad really
painful I had really bad period cramps
and that was a consistent thing for a
long time and so I was like should I
still go I was like what happens once a
year and I really wanna go Smee to go so
me my sister went am on this goddamn bus
going to the the parade going heading
downtown and my stomach really starts to
her I vividly remember the visualization
I was like no pain is just all mental I
was this is the one I was vividly
remember I was imagining taking my
uterus out and rolling it with a rolling
pin
I remember my brain was like oh that was
so go right now if I could just roll my
uterus at the rolling pin and so I told
my sister I was like hey we might have
fell leave a little early my son was
kind of hurting and that was her
indication of like Lily's not feeling
well so I'm on this bus am on this bus
it's the imagine to imagine like 50
uncle's packed in a bus that's hot and
sweaty that's where I wasn't my stomach
was dying so I'm like okay taking deep
breaths I'm there trying to measure him
like you're fine you're fine you're fine
what happens next I blink and I start
seeing all white I'm like off break I
start to lose my vision or like blinking
blink I couldn't see anything I'm like
damn damn
so I was like this is like looking to my
sister I was like Tina Tina I can't see
I can't see
since she's like what you mean when you
can behead see so she starts to get me
up so I get up and I just fall and
that's all I remember I don't remember
anything else I just fainted on the bus
they had to stop the whole line of buses
of these 50 buses that were heading I
stopped the whole damn line
everyone's evacuate the bus and
ambulance had to come take that to go to
the hospital
that's hospice for goddamn us do you
know how hard it is to give a urine
sample when you're on your goddamn
period it's not a fun thing to do okay
it is trash at the end of the day though
this is what story gets interesting
my who then became my first boyfriend or
my second boyfriend was on the bus go to
school with me the next day message
beeping yo are you okay and that
conversation sparked a relationship we
have such a romantic story and was a
kind to me like when just one time I was
on a bus with my period and I pass out
he was like my knight in shining armor
the next day the next day just so cute
he messaged me on MSA in the next day it
was real cute but that story of that is
there anymore here there's not we're out
of time well I hope you enjoyed this
little I know there was no guests and
there was no were like gains of stuff
but I just want to have something
low-key with all y'all and also all my
friends are busy but I want to just tell
you guys some stories and connect with
you I'm so excited into one last month I
know I didn't have all the travels and
stuff I want to make it up to you for
this month
it is something I'm supposed to be
saying that you guys are yes that's
gonna happen as well um I want to let
you know I'm working on a whole bunch of
exciting things that I was so excited
share with you soon do win my face do it
do it do it soon but as for right now it
is super Thursday and it's a Monday just
kidding you don't be some Monday okay
yeah maybe you should lay off the bottle
clatters I'm kidding I'm not drunk yet
okay it is Monday and that means a new
video is on my channel right now it just
went live right right right now so what
entre zone just stop watching the stream
and then go to watch the video and I
want you to say Lilly live sent me and
for the next 60 minutes I mean
responding to your comment
underneath that video super 60 next if
you may so if you didn't get a chance to
interact with me here you can underneath
my new video literally it's live right
now so I'm gonna end this here I'll see
you at the next living life thank you
for spending time with me I hope you
enjoy the video it is called evil
lipstick or lipstick that changes the
way you talk so go check it out
featuring man your makeup artist until
next time one love superwoman that is a
wrap and Zoop see you underneath that
video back
