how she was gonna come here and I was
like
what up everyone it's your girl
superwoman and I am absolutely blessed
because I have the opportunity to
perform at so many awesome places and
more importantly meet so many amazing
people but no matter how many gigs and
how many events I do I've been honored
to say that my favorite has always been
and probably always will be visiting
schools to talk to students and I just
get so excited anytime I have any type
of gig where I get the opportunity to
engage with a roomful of students and I
don't know why that is I don't know why
I find that so fulfilling it's just I
think I remember what it feels like to
be a student particularly in high school
and going through the same routine every
day and I remember when speakers used to
come into my scores he's so excited you
know when I was in high school I went
through a lot whether it was family
issues or issues with school or issues
of people bullying each other just all
the regular dramas that come along with
growing up as a kid and going through
high school and in my day it was looking
up to singers and actors or professional
wrestlers or whoever it was anyone who I
would draw inspiration from and I
remember of course my family was always
there but there were always these
figures that people would look up to and
I had these favors myself you know and
before I go into schools I get a lot of
tweets that are like superwoman you're
my role model and I look up to you and
you're such an inspiration and I think
that to me really ball goes my mind
because I had those people growing up
and for me to be that person for someone
else it's just I can't even fathom it
like I can't even comprehend what I
would do to be someone's inspiration but
people are telling me this and so when I
go to schools and I see these people and
it just seems like they're absolutely
captivated by what I'm saying it feels
great to be able to connect with people
even though we're not experiencing the
same lives or totally different but for
those couple moments we relate and we're
just we become a family I really feel
like every time I speak at a school I
leave thinking you know I have a whole
bunch of new brothers and sisters little
brothers and sisters that I just had an
awesome time with and that's what it
feels like and so I don't know what it
is I do that makes people say Superman
your inspiration because really I'm just
being myself but whatever is I'm doing
I'm
so grateful that people are getting
something positive from it and I only
hope that I can continue to spread
positivity and when I go to schools you
know I say a lot of cheesy jokes you
know people don't always laugh I'm not
always 110 percent in my pronunciation
and sometimes I have a sore throat and I
don't perform the best I could
absolutely perform but every single time
I step on a stage no matter how many
times that may be my goal is just to
make absolute magic and to make a
difference and that's what I want to do
I just I just want to inspire people you
know that feeling you get when you see a
quote or you see a picture and just so
motivating you're like something inside
you just switches in as well something
just changed I want people to feel like
that after they hear saponin speak and
that's what super moons about as well
not being perfect and not claiming to be
this wonderful role model I will never
claim to be that I'm being me
the best me I can be and I'm just so
happy that people can take something
positive away from that one thing that
is 100% certain is I will always leave
any school gig by saying without fear
without hate one love and so if they
take nothing else away from that I just
hope they take away one love I want to
make a difference and I hope I'm doing
it one love superwoman that is a wrap
and
