you
what if everyone it's your girl
superwoman and look at me some things
never change I make new video off my
laptop on some low quality not HD ish in
my hotel room in London why because I
don't have a tripod I'll have a tripod
why would I have a tripod my internet is
so slow I can upload proper videos in
this hotel needless to say I'm a bit
frustrated right now but you know what I
to make a video on Thursday I had a live
stream that livestream was late because
my wife I wouldn't work and so I thought
there is no way in hell that I am not
uploading a video today so I don't care
if this is the worst most pointless
video I promised you you would have a
video today and goddammit this is that
video what up everyone my name is video
I'm delirious I'm Jewish but what up I
thought today's video honestly I don't
have the resources to make a proper
video but like I said I want to make a
video for you so I thought I'd make a
video for you showing you how it would
be if you and I were friends a lot of
you tweet me and you know Facebook me
message me saying I wish I was
superwoman spread this right here if we
were facetiming this is how I would be
this is Lilly
superwoman there's there's no there's no
persona here there's nothing I'm proving
to you that soup woman and Lilly are the
same person so what's up let's be
friends let me tell you a little bit
about my life I'm in London England
right now which is across the world from
where I'm from I'm from Toronto I don't
understand anyone's accent here everyone
thinks I'm crazy
everyone thinks I pronounce things wrong
um I I am so confused as to how
everything works here every time I'm in
a car with someone I feel like I'm gonna
die because I'm on the opposite side of
the road but that's cool because I'm
used to traveling the only thing is I
really miss my mommy I miss candy never
heard of them in my life right now
a really you know I'm a mess okay let's
get it together right now we'll talk
when I stop chewing so rude we'll talk
to pointless video I'm sorry it's not a
proper video
I'm a tripod the internet here is so so
slow just utter chaos what do I tell you
is that please don't think that if I
don't post a video or my live streams
only is because I'm slacking I don't
know which other youtubers you watch ok
YouTube is my priority it's my job
entertainment is my passion I love doing
it please don't ever think I'm late or
not posting video because I'm slack
traveling I'm doing gigs doing Superman
stuff in addition to posting videos is
proving to be very very difficult
sometimes on Monday and Thursday I spend
the whole day on a plane I tried to do
as many videos as I could do before I
got to London to avoid the situation but
realistically there's only so many
videos I can do for example my
expectations vs. reality video I did
almost a whole video before I came but
um when your internet doesn't work and
things happen sometimes it's just
totally out of your control so this is
my video it's not funny it's not a rant
it's not anything it's just to tell you
that I'm sorry that my videos are late
sometimes I didn't post a video this is
me go with you I'm very passionate about
what I do and thank you so much for your
patience subscribing to me even though I
say Monday and Thursday and sometimes I
don't upload on Monday and Thursday um
so yeah this isn't funny but I hope you
still like it you click the thumbs up
button comment below because this is the
real me this is the tsunami prone act I
sort of see I'm sorry for the bottom of
my heart and that this is not a proper
video and I suck but I'm gonna try
making you back the next 30 seconds are
you ready
Hey hmm ah see I'll even throw away my
self pride to make you laugh um I'll be
back in Toronto on Friday in which case
you can expect my better quality videos
out if I can do a video on Thursday more
try my best but just know that I'm not
in London for no reason I'm doing a lot
of projects here that hopefully you will
find exciting for when I do release them
I've noticed that this is somehow turned
into four minutes and 32 seconds I don't
freaking know how that happened I love
you so much
if you were my friend this would be the
conversations we would have I think it's
safe to say you don't want to be my
friend I love you
one love superwoman that the rapp don't
throw things at me Oh God
subscribe to my channel
