what room it's a girl superwoman I'm
sorry I didn't make a video on Monday I
was absolutely exhausted what happened
was my absolutely gorgeous cousin sister
got married no shit no shit it's
something at night and honestly I was
just completely sleep-deprived because
all the events over the weekend but you
know it doesn't matter cuz today's super
Thursday up in this place and I woke up
on a unicorn
so I thought it would be appropriate for
me to make a part two to my Brown
weddings video that I made ages ago
shall we okay so let's get started
bring-bring the title thing in as I act
horrified by the subject you wrote first
of all as just a wedding guest I am
stressed to death apparently I'm also a
rapper too but yeah even attending a
wedding I find stressful you're there
getting ready getting a gift arriving on
time all these things but I cannot even
imagine how stressful it is to be a
bride at a wedding I mean besides all
the all these stresses like preparation
and spending a lot of money and all that
stuff I'm talkin about the stupid
unnecessary crap that just gives you
anxiety for example this past weekend
when my cousin was getting married yeah
I had to perform surgery on her ear why
because a pole was stuck in it dear
Indian people who make earrings I don't
know why you think a stick the width of
my arm is about to go into my ear hole
not like why do you think your earrings
need to be screwed into my ear here's a
general rule of thumb okay if I need a
drill to put your earring in my ear
that's probably not a good pain
like honestly I ain't got time for this
okay I just got an arranged marriage to
a person I don't even know okay tonight
he's gonna awkwardly struggle to unhook
my bra I already hate my mother-in-law
and you just want to add to my distress
by freaking making me booze Mike your
virginity to your dad hearing might hear
big bleeding and a shot from this place
pretty quick now I'll get my period from
two holes in my body Oh congratulations
on the wedding Lily
sorry on thought is that crap I can't I
can't hear you what oh sorry let me just
pick up my ear from the ground whoop
like stop making earrings so heavy and
painful you know what I really feel bad
for you know
see those grandmas who ears are just
like hanging low like do your ears hang
low
welcome to ya uh grandma made that song
because they've been where you have here
is your whole life and I feel so bad for
them I just feel like being granny like
let me give you a hug oh sorry I think I
tripped over your earlobe
please just stop with this one now if
you know anything about desi weddings
you know about the battle for the
groom's shoes now if you're not radish
like well - ma let me break it down for
you basically as custom goes the
bridesmaids have to steal the groom's
shoes because then he's going to pay us
to get his shoes back aka no but the
groom's sisters are protecting his shoes
so basically it's a setup for a bunch of
brown girls to be catty and fight with
each other
basically it's Brampton now you may be
thinking ah that's so cute and finding
gigs no okay this is gets intense up and
her people be making strategies bride
and kids feel K I want you to distract
him you hide in this corner you'll be
hiding camouflaging in a different parts
of the temple this is some serious a
Shack your call a booby because right
now this is real-life call of duty up in
this place
visual on shoes runs that bring some
backup
come in here
and locked it walked in standby standby
people be coming up with battle wounds
Anza see but here's the thing I don't
get is we put all this effort into
stealing the groom's shoes which
probably cost like what $9.99 okay one
really should we not be putting our
efforts into just stealing his wallet
like no hear me out
I didn't get what's so special about
stealing the groom's shoes because let's
be real okay when are you getting
married or not
okay you go to the temple and someone's
stealing your damn shoes regardless I
mean I can go to the temple on any given
day okay go in there for five minutes I
can do all types of prayers but ain't no
pair gonna stop some undies from
stealing my damn shoes I know what
you're thinking I'm not being raised as
I'm not saying any people are cheap up
there saying these are the facts okay I
go to the Gurdwara do a little bit of
this do a little bit of this nothing
Amber Alert from my damn shoes let's
move on to annoying kids at wedding
receptions hi hello how are you
dear parents if you cannot take care of
your hot mess children maybe you just
stop doing darky kegs during the night
die people be trying to get married your
kids just create a chaos all over the
place couple be having their first slow
dance and a baby crawls out from under
the bride's dress that great everything
I learned in biology is a lie you can't
get pregnant with slow dance brick like
that is not the boy she wanted under her
dress that night kids are just grabbing
the cake acting of the day Court here's
another general rule of thumb if your
child is Chucky
okay drop him off at our church before
you come to my reception because my
invitation if when I've ever drunk and
decided to get married for some reason
because I'm held at gunpoint if I decide
to get married my invitation was in no
kids no lame gifts and no sober people
could straight up I ain't got time for
any of the above telling me no kids my
recipe shh-shh-shh you know an
interesting thing I learned this weekend
is that Brown weddings actually go
against everything you've been taught in
school for example don't pop the
strangers what am i stupid I'm gonna get
slapped up in the booty for not say
hello to some random creepy person who's
apparently my uncle it's like I don't
know you but let's hug and kiss please
hug and kiss me embrace me dear stranger
another lesson don't cut the line well
apparently the elderly women AKB fees at
this wedding
never
that lets me because the boss a line to
get your food it's never a line instead
it's rather like goddamn chill out I'm
setting this or Kiki and Simba just
trying to eat some bad rice beef is be
cut in front of me and I like I'm
invisible is this what really irks me
okay I'll be standing in line looking at
the food and you know what do you see
like the last two nuns and you're just
like they look so good but then there's
not one non that just looks so good like
a hot guy on a summer day that buttery
naan is just glistening over there in
the sunshine you look in you're gonna
come home to mama tonight so you're
looking at the naan with your plaits
just inching over inching over and all
of a sudden BP just snatches at it what
some BP I'm gonna see you on the dance
floor
okay you know what could marry mahi to
Pattaya aha hey I go underneath my super
pair aka don't mess with my nun
I'm gonna be the one to bring it to you
got my rice and my love so find your
only none of them y'all make sure you
caught my mix tape sound okay gulab
jamun
and this is the thing okay when one of
your cousins gets married that's it
that's it it's all downhill from there
for you my friend my cousin I just got
married is just one year older than me
so you can imagine throughout the whole
weekend on days be coming up to me like
you're next like what excuse me I'm one
okay I ain't no white B what up t-shirt
reference even if I sang the song will
you be my wifey I still wouldn't be next
okay what up nineties reference to
references in the room like what oh you
want to play that game on but I didn't
huh oh yeah it's the old folks home
you're next
don't you ask me like I had about that
life okay stop trying to pressure me I
am NOT dawn okay I am NOT pressure
cooker okay let me just please release
it okay what up single life and honestly
if you can get that joke that means your
mother has not woken you up enough times
with her pressure cooker okay and if
that's the case look I feel bad for you
because there's nothing like the thrill
of waking up and thinking at a train
right into your house these are the good
times people lastly I just I just really
really wanted to ask okay I want to be
real with you okay
brides on your wedding day you wake up
at wallach 3 a.m. something ridiculous
to get your makeup done get your hair
done
put it to niang and all that jewelry on
and then you take a whole bunch of
pictures then you go get married that
takes a good while - ok then you
probably have to go back somewhere get
ready all over again for the reception
reception finishes out like what - you
get back to your hotel like three by the
time you take off the 98 bobby pins from
your hairs at 4 you've been up for like
more than 24 hours now I am just really
curious to know if you have the energy
and mindset to get your freak on I'm
just being real like I'm just really
true I really want to know because I
feel like I was message waiting I bet
listen I'm cranky I'm tired I'm gonna be
over here you'll be over there if you
touch me and I'm gonna stab your retina
with my bobby pin like honestly how do
you do that having no sleep I just don't
get it even if you try to get busy like
this is what would happen come here you
hot sexy husband man person
alright one give me one second
yeah that's because let's just be real
okay
Indian outfits are not designed to be
taken off in any type of practical or
sexy way okay if I had a dollar for
every time I got stuck in the soup I
would have a lot of dollars where would
I put the dollars I don't know because
none of my suits have pockets what I
don't deserve a pocket I don't what if I
had a tamagotchi it would be homeless
why are you promoting activity anyways
that's my little mini rant if you liked
it make sure you check out part one
about weddings you can click I'll put it
right now you can just click it you can
click you just click it right there give
it a watch you know give it a little
thumbs up as with this video make sure
you rate comment and click Subscribe as
well because I do make new videos every
Monday and Thursday and I think that is
pretty much it all right then one love
superwoman that is a wrap I do do do do
huge trip you out Zoop you know I hope
you liked that video as per usual we
couldn't click right there to check out
my last video just want to let you know
there's so many cool contest going on
for people who live in Australia
you can win a meet and greet with me
people that we're people who live in
Toronto you can win a Len today with me
all the contest information is on my
Facebook fan page or you can follow me
on Twitter and those links are right
there I'm also traveling a lot going to
London on Sunday and Birmingham and then
Los Angeles and then Melbourne and then
Australia and all these cool places so
if you want my brain just exploded if
you want to did it again if you want to
join me on my travels make sure you
follow me on Twitter
alright then goodbye
