okay let's try this again what up
everyone it's a girl superwoman
and over the past few weeks a top
comment on almost all of my videos has
been do I draw my life video and I'm
here to tell you that I've already done
one say Sh'ma yup I've done it but you
can't see it because I deleted it the
very next day why you ask well because
it included stories about my life that
involved other people and honestly it
broke my heart to delete that video
because I was so proud of it and you
know what I still AM but instead of
being bitter in my unicorn fashion I've
decided to give it another go and this
time I'm the only author the only
illustrator and the only main character
so hi my name is Lilly and this is my
life on one glorious day called
September 26 1988 my parents gave birth
to me it was my mom my dad my older
sister my Nana G and me I grew up in
Scarborough which is considered kind of
a rough ghetto area you know I mean and
I absolutely loved it quick facts about
me growing up I was a Girl Guide believe
it or not yep I sold cookies and error
thing I was valedictorian in elementary
school majorly obsessed with the
Backstreet Boys Spice Girls and the rock
and it was when I was a kid that I
bought the same superwoman ring I wear
every day now I used to call myself
superwoman because I felt like the name
gave me strength pretending there was an
S on my chest really helped me through a
lot of hard times growing up as a kid I
was a really big tomboy I wore baggy
clothes loved wrestling and didn't
appreciate anything girly my mom always
used to say it was because she secretly
wanted a boy oh thanks mom throughout
elementary school and high school I was
convinced that I was destined to be
someone great I always imagined that I
would become a superstar rapper or
actress although admittedly yeah I
probably didn't have a talent in either
from a young age I knew that sitting
behind a desk in a nine-to-five job was
never something I wanted to do I always
had big dreams
but a lot change once I entered
University as most rollercoasters do my
life took a plunge in the third year of
my undergrad I ran into issues with a
few of my friends that really affected
me a whole bunch of emotional stuff I
carried with me from my childhood
continued to haunt me and I honestly
felt as if my entire life collapsed over
the next few months I fell into a severe
depression I lost my appetite and my
desire to wake up in the morning I
wouldn't answer my phone and I lost a
lot of friends I had no goals no
aspirations and no motivation I was no
longer that colorful girl who had big
dreams and as scary as it sounds I can
honestly say that I lost my desire to
live and that translated into some very
scary thoughts on some very scary nights
I also developed irrational thoughts of
people staring at me whenever I was in
public I felt like I was wearing a huge
sign that said depressed I suddenly felt
uncomfortable and nervous whenever
people were around me and this lasted
for roughly a year and I can't say what
exactly changed my brain or what caused
something in my brain to switch but all
I know is that one morning I woke up and
decided I didn't want to be this person
anymore so over the next year I forced
myself to get my life back together it
wasn't easy at all and I often relapsed
back into depression I eventually
learned to talk about my feelings create
healthy relationships and most
importantly to love myself
it became my goal to take all the pains
of depression and transform those pains
into lessons and tools I could use to
better my life I specifically remember
one night when I was an absolute mess
now up until this night I thought that
the mind and body were two separate
things that functioned completely
separate from each other I learned the
hard way that this in fact is not true
that night my mind was racing with
thoughts fears scary images recalling
every terrible thing to ever happen to
me and just flooding with negativity so
I decided to call a friend get up do
something anything other than lie there
and tremble and cry but my body would
simply not respond
I remember feeling a huge wave of panic
because I couldn't get my arms my legs
or my hands to move I was finding it
difficult to breathe and I was
completely paralyzed for those few
minutes because my mind was controlling
me and not vice versa so during my
recovery I kept that night in mind and
in fact I will never forget it because
today I apply that same concept but in
the opposite way if my mind can
negatively impact me in such a way then
it can have the same impact positively
when I'm upset and that's why when
something terrible happens
something is terrible as losing someone
you really really love yeah sure I will
cry I will be heartbroken but ultimately
I will make that decision to let my mind
fill with the positives and I can assure
you no matter what your name is and what
your life draws out to be there are
always positives but let's move on to
the part where I embarrass myself on the
internet while vacationing with my
family in Dominican Republic I took a
few moments to myself and sat by the
beach alone it was at this point that I
was in the final steps of healing myself
but I wasn't quite there it's at that
moment that I decided I wanted to do
this YouTube thing seriously
I had a few videos out at the time but
nothing significant on that night I told
myself that if my video could be the
reason someone's bad day turns good or
the reason someone upset smiles then all
my efforts will be worth it and who
knows maybe my video will be the cause
for that switch to flick in someone
else's brain while they're depressed now
wouldn't that be awesome sauce so I came
back home and since then I've been on
this YouTube journey I'm constantly
working on projects doing what I love
and meeting amazing people and here's
the truth I didn't make this video
because you kept requesting it and I
didn't make it because I don't have any
other ideas and I definitely did not
make it so I could cover up for deleting
my last one I made it to tell you this
you're in a boxing ring with a ten-foot
giant named life and he is going to
knock you out he knocked me out cold a
few years ago and every part of me
wanted to stay down that terrible night
could have gone either way and I am so
thankful every single day that I chose
to get back up for another round so for
those of you who feel like you want to
give up the fight and there is no hope
this video is your hope because I am
telling you that every dream you have
can come true in the most modest way
possible I'm about to hit 700,000
subscribers I just featured in my first
film I'm booked for London and Australia
next month Paris Jackson told me she
loves my videos m.i.a follows me on
Twitter and Kunal aka Raj from Big Bang
Theory is now my close friend none of
that could have happened if I was at the
bottom of some Bridge this is not a
fictional story this is not a commercial
this is my real life and I'm not ashamed
or embarrassed regardless of what anyone
says this is how I became Who I am and I
promise you this video will never get
taken down if you are looking for a
reason to keep fighting this is it if I
can do it so can you
and that's pretty much the story of how
I lily aka superwoman defeated my
biggest villain aka myself thank you so
much for joining me on my journey and
being part of my life it's nice to
finally feel good about myself even
though so many people are staring
mmm er I hope that wasn't too sad and
depressing to listen to because it's not
let's talk eh let's talk about happy
stuff ready okay rainbows unicorns
glitter Sparkle candy colors umm wicked
awesomeness explosions of happiness and
cupcakes falling from the sky oh I hit
my hand on the wall anyways as of right
now I have no idea what my future has in
store but that's my life thus far that's
a wrap one love
superwoman and Zoop as per usual you can
click here to watch my last video you
can also click the subscribe button
right here for new videos every Monday
and Thursday also check me out on
Twitter and Facebook and in the meantime
I don't know if you notice it I'm
actually a really good drawer I don't
know it's just like since birth artistic
skills I know I don't like to brag about
it but I'm just gonna take this time to
draw a self-portrait of myself so I'm
just going to do that let it dab with
drying self poetry it's trying George
Marsh my own drying rack SMERSH my
pleasure man George Wright freshman
drawing self-portraits
