what everyone's a girl superwoman and
there's a face on my body look and my
boobs have eyes it's all you might be
asking yourself really why don't I teach
you this because it's so hot and my hair
is so sweaty and oily I can freaking cry
as most on this issue right now yes I'm
attractive
wish somebody ASAP so if anything like
me you're two things number one a food
lover no like I love food
food makes me happy it's actually a
problem okay like pasta turns me on
I've got a restaurant they put a plate
of food invited me and I'm just like and
number two I'm really lazy like I won't
put effort into anything unless it's
absolutely like Nessus having said that
if I'm hungry and I go to a food joint
and they have a drive-thru I see no
reason why I should park my car exit my
vehicle walk to the door open the door
stand in line get my food and then
reverse all those activities to get back
into my car that's madness what do I
look like some sort of person that walks
up and down escalators so have you said
that drive-thru not like a regular thing
for me okay
but having said that admittedly
drive-throughs that give me stress okay
I get anxiety for the following reasons
so I Drive up to the speaker and all of
a sudden a wave of pressure hits me just
up because now I have a limited time to
decide what I want to eat it's a race
against time and then you know what
happened just sitting there deciding and
the person keeps asking you that can I
take your order all right can I take
your order
yeah I'm just give me one second no
problem
hi are you ready to order yet yeah give
me one second please
take your time hi there are you ready to
order yeah just give me one second one
second that's fine do you like the
number five hi there can I take your
order but then you know what happens
they keep asking and asking so you're
like right now I just have to answer
then you start answering the question by
extending every word to buy more time
because you still don't know what you
want and you end up sounding like a
really stupid will.i.am song yeah look
at me tell Mack let me take my time to
decide exactly what type of cholesterol
I want it's my heart okay I'll attack it
how I choose with coffin number two or
cover number five don't rush me yeah and
don't even get me started on when you're
in a drive-thru and the person behind
you decides he wants to make the
drive-thru line and effin club Here I am
trying to order food he just slipping
through his radio on full-blast use
effin on my order son yeah hi Carrie
okay anyone everything we call what I
want the cone yeah because I'm gonna
drive to it's an awkward setup it's
nothing like I can properly tell the
person off I just have to give them
cheap threats and honk my horn and don't
ask me why but for some reason I feel
like the longer I honk my horn the more
offensive it is
No
and to make matters where sometimes it's
just a person who works at the
drive-through who's taking your order
who's just angry at life and we have
their job like Hello I came to your
drive-through to order food because I'm
hungry but I roll up here does not be
like why I'm trying to eat me and I
can't go order oh yes sorry hi can I get
a combo number 5 please
you want another pot if that's okay I
need your busy school you want back I'm
not back oh okay I'll Drive Thru auto -
if you promise not to eat my soul like
goddamn had I known y'all were
performing an exorcism up in this place
I woulda came later I Drive up to the
window and it's just like the power of
Christ compels you the power my compels
you also can I go to sweet and sour
sauce please
or you know what sometimes I go through
the drive-thru and the person's leg can
I take your order and really you don't
give an F about my order cuz you just
straight up ignoring everything I say
about my order yeah hi can I just get a
veggie sandwich please you want the
combo no no just a sandwich without me
fry no no not combo I just want the
sandwich Oh an extra sandwich on the
side no no I don't want the combo no
start over I just bought one veggie
sandwich no combos Coke to drink just
one sand-witch oh my god so aggravating
I haven't been this angry at a machine
since transformers I have a confession
to make okay I have a moderate amount of
skills in life you know I'm decent at a
few things but one of those things does
not include being able to pull up close
enough to the window and drive through
and yes it is so embarrassing I always
pull up so far from the window the
person working there just like gives me
my Putin's like I swear to god I'm being
completely honest thing I might as well
just stay parked on my driveway and just
go like this on my window because that's
how far I am anyways and then you know
what I have to do I have to like stretch
out the window so what I do to make
myself feel better but I'm not that far
it's like I stretch and then I realize I
can't reach I'm like I go and I undo my
buckle of liquor and half of my body got
the window buckling Eppendorf them up in
this place it's not like this halfway
out the window everyone's looking at me
laughing the girls laugh games ago
self-esteem is really going down I could
really really eat my feelings right now
but can I reach the fries no I can't
this is a vicious cycle like legolas my
bun has a tail and then I feel so bad
cuz when I get my food I have to stay in
the drive-through over the whole line to
double-check all the right issues I feel
really bad so I'm questioning your
judgment okay I just have gone home too
many times with the wrong burger or even
worse the worst thing to happen
you forgot my sauces you forgot my how
am I supposed to eat my french fries
without my sauces what do I look like
some sort of rational person breathe
okay like sweating up in your own so
stressed out right now because just even
thinking about this process is giving me
anxiety
honestly but having said that everything
this video my first job was in fact in a
drive-in okay and I know from experience
that people who work at Drive thrus do
with the most rude obnoxious come fizzle
people ever okay so it's okay it's okay
if you want to yell at me through the
speaker I don't mind okay all I ask is
that you just don't put STDs up mother
and that's it I'm sorry I look a sweaty
hot mess in my hair is just needs viagra
right now
but if I forgot anything about
drive-throughs or you have some your own
experiences about drive-throughs please
comment below don't forget to click that
subscribe button cuz I do make new
videos every Monday and Thursday and
give this video a thumbs up hey s
remember go drink something slushies now
so one love superwoman that is a wrap
egg you're chopping with parent
something we've all done and possibly
still do now aka the reason we're all
psychologically disturbed shall we smear
