what if everyone is your girl superwoman
what was that I don't know honestly for
the past 1 million weeks people have
been asking me please make a video about
shopping with parents so here here it is
ok
shopping with parents kind 1 make a poop
by luck kind eat the blender shopping
with parents something we've all done
and possibly still do now aka the reason
we're all psychologically disturbed
shall we
I feel like no matter what we're
shopping for or where we are shopping
somehow my mom will end up taking us
into the bathroom and kitchen appliances
section of the damn store I'm serious we
could be anywhere frigging TV shopping
staples business depot but somehow
someway I will end up being surrounded
by towels pots and fabulous it's
honestly like she pulls a section out of
her butt crack like we're TV shopping
tralala
oh not anymore what up towels like how
did we get here I'm not all excited to
go shopping you know get my parents to
buy me things is on my selfish brat but
somehow someway we end up in this
section for like three hours it's like a
prison and honestly mom I don't
understand how many more towels we need
we have a closet full of towels half of
which we're not allowed to use because
they're the forbidding good towels now
you want to add more towels to that
closet I feel like my mom is always
buying these things and then we're never
allowed to use them by new dishes Oh in
the basement in the box for years can we
use them oh and I know this because I
know every Brown family has that one
room in the house that has like all the
nice decor was like the fancy like
furniture and the nice paintings that no
one's ever allowed to go into because
it's the forbidden room that's great
yeah let's go buy some more stuff for
that room I also don't understand why
it's so important for my mother to look
at fancy garbage cans for so long it's a
garbage can it holds our waste products
that we no longer require who cares with
all new ugly fancy it's a garden witches
are not walking for wash room and like
evaluate the toilet before I take a dump
like oh okay this seems like a flush
master 5000 let's drop a deuce Oh see no
no that's a penny zpo version one to my
craps do good for that bomb if you're
watching the pots and pans are fine the
towels are fine the garbage is fine a
little thingy this little thing
fold our toothbrushes fine everything
fine everything's fine okay now stop
being selfish and that stop looking at
things for the house and go look at
things that only I can use when you're
trying on clothes and your parents want
to come out of the changing so they can
see how it looks at you um hello rude
I'm sure every daughter can relate when
I say um hello I'm trying to address in
this change room which means that I'm
dancing around taking Instagram pictures
and doing various poses to gauge
how much I like the outfit like this it
look good with a mat what about what I'm
happy this will look good with my hair
down what about when I'm flirting does
it bring out my eyes when I'm texting
these are all important questions and
you're just gonna be like Lily Lily Lily
to interrupt the whole process
ex-squeeze me okay so then I finally
come out of the change we're not doing
here this shampoo bike no mom the shirts
not too tight okay let me have boobs I'm
tired of looking like a nine-year-old
boy okay the song say body like a coke
bottle not a coke can okay let me hit
you ready all right come on Wayne Jesus
like me now beans booze booze oh no
they're not loose because I'm an effing
gangster duh you don't know about me oh
I got a boo-boo on my booby my parents
be all like turn around let me see how
it fits in the back and no shut your
mouth that's not what he said and you
see this right here is the difference
between brown parents and white parents
while shopping Brown kid comes out of
the change room that mother's hand will
instantaneously be around with Audrina
the effect pica
become with Joe Pesci chica one of the
common a white kid come got a change in
like mom how is it it looks swell does
it fit alright
yeah mom let me see love mom that sexual
harassment nah-ah Brown parents be
tucking you in all types of place to
grab your butt cheeks making sure that
ish fits properly
cuz you don't need to wear for the next
10 years and after that your younger
siblings will wear for the next 10 years
that's what my newest t-shirt is a New
Kids on the Block t-shirt shopping with
my dad my yeah my dad believes he can
bargain for a better deal anywhere and
everywhere like that it's not me okay
wheezing the effing Apple Store there
are rules and regulations up in this
place my dad's frozen like a boss and he
looks at me
me very strict instructions that lady
listen okay I'm going to do all the
talking judo say nothing okay
goes up to a product like a hello yes I
don't think you know this computer how
much this one and I'm standing there
like dad there's a there's a price tag
itself a thousand dollars pledged let me
talk okay hello tell Susan scuse me how
much this one sir that one's a thousand
dollars and we all know that choose the
burn sound effect oh no much too much in
what did this one hand so this computer
right here has top-of-the-line video
editing software God did you got the
video didn't you never get she never
used this one okay sir well cows in
order come on I don't get black
everything plant exotic wouldn't you
keep a kangaroo okay tell me what's
what's best price best so that would be
a thousand dollars and of course that
will cue the friendship tactic which is
you don't know me I'm a complete
stranger but give me back and price okay
I know a thousand dollar I know but tell
me tell me what am i place so this is
the Apple Store we have fixed rates here
and this woke you the whispering just to
emphasize the point commitment I said
Linda you know that shop or lip Future
Shop I did 11 in the Best Buy simulated
over there they selling the same worth
is it 800 800 attorney also that might
have been a different model perhaps
they're all set prices no no I
Jack this one I just want Sam to him no
okay that's fine that's why she says she
says she won't computer like I can't
afford too much to tell you okay thank
you sir
I got a can boomed $1000 I can do and
then my dad will slyly walk away doing
that creepy sad face and hopes that the
associate will feel bad call them right
back over okay thank you no that's okay
that's okay thank you
thank you
I'm walking beside and trying to
strangle myself with an iPhone charger
please make it stop
oh yeah sorry but I just have a
Bollywood outburst oh my I'm so sorry
or am i future ahead dude hey Dora good
shot that I don't know Hindi and then
sure enough we will turn 5 minutes later
to buy that exact same computer at full
price why dad why I swear to God Indian
pears are so used to bargaining that
sometimes their bargaining
doesn't even make sense I'm going to
Chinatown the other day with my dad to
buy a bracelet and the guys like okay so
that's $10 dad no no no seven only $7 no
sir please $10 I don't have time okay
only accept one 7iq seven I don't have
an order okay that's fine give me seven
okay good thank you
yeah here's ten give me three change
have you no shame any people go to
parties and throw money in the air so
drops on the ground basket and all four
brace the hell no and heaven forbid if
your parents ever buy you something
expensive you better use that product
every day for the rest of your life my
parents buy me something and that's what
they want to emphasize the point that
they are but I need is very expensive
thing so there I go all wide and they're
just threatening me like you want to use
this one you just define you like to
tell me now which one you got you like
this one I'm asking now can you will use
this one this one what can a person you
know get their socks yeah it sucks Ho
Gaya okay this one you Shawn okay go to
this one but I goo this one okay and ten
years later you will still hear about
that time your parents bought you that
thing I'm still hearing about the bike
my dad bought me in effing grade eight
okay that honestly yes I owe you my
firstborn child okay let it go anyways I
hope you enjoyed my first installment of
shopping with parents since you asked
for it so many times but the odds of you
got along good getting of course is a
pleasure for me making videos for you of
course it's always a pleasure for me
make videos for you because I love to
make you laugh and smile if you have a
video idea for me comment below let me
know your ideas you can also check them
out on Facebook and Twitter and give me
your video suggestions there make sure
you do rate comment and click that
subscribe button because I do make new
videos
Monday and Thursday I think that's all
yes one love superwoman that is a wrap
and ii ii ii ii ii ii ii ii ii ii ii ii
ii look well i hope you enjoyed that
video as per usual you can click right
there for my last video but wait i have
some super exciting news for you there's
a contest going on which you can win a
lunch date what's up roman with me we
can have lunch together be so cool the
details are all have to do is register
at folk re bazaar CA the website will be
right here for your chance to win 105
signed inquisitive prince of superwoman
and one lucky winner will have an
exclusive lunch with yours truly so if
you want to win a signed print from me
or possibly even have a lunch of me i
would love to have lunch with you then
make sure you check that all the
information is in the description and
maybe we can mike together i chew with
my mouth open hey
