June 22nd hope to see you all there done
hey how's it going Congrats on the
engagement yeah I was just wondering can
you click attending on my club event
yeah did you get a chance to click
attending on my event could you do that
please
Thanks do you think you could share the
event page Thanks yeah I hate to be an
acronym monster but you could just RSVP
ASAP
that'd be great yeah June 22nd if you
check Facebook it's all barony yeah
June 22nd why do I win
no no June June 22nd wait it's Lilly
Lilly Singh from school I'm in your
class well hold on a second I'm getting
another call hello and I'll put the
camera um fine
pika sir who is this yeah Lily my
Oneonta volodia oh hi I'm DG sorry I
think you might to call the house hey
this is my cell phone
yeah my mom's home right now okay Busker
Lily but um you okay I'm calling to talk
to you okay
a chart Iike Y what whether you invite
the key see Facebook they invite huh
Danny punk rock party
okay rbsp card Missy until you in or SVP
haha you write up pocket chrome a
nightclub your matically soon yawning
I'm kunti sorry well no more wound are
not Brampton Jen 20 so actually is just
a call road you're not a queen DJ sub C
Mon yeah no no it's not hot over here
no no Neji Neji um is actually a club
downtown and I need the invite was kind
of like a mass invite a char yeah I took
take a sandwich lucky what sorry sorry
Jen okay fair Makeba
say what you got
I'm this segment I can solve economic
are no more movie cinema hungry right
now let us sing our Jimmy done great
thing party which party left god no but
not a new so very Facebook invite Tita
not Canakkale poppy Argentina it's Kitty
party award anybody han jihun Cuban okay
yeah until she Jolla one for second
sorry are Julia take off Facebook AE
invite uh or a vendor leasing inviting
you this T rot for now and mom it was a
mask invite hair came up your mess Gary
Massey only study mistake here take one
second I pitches one second
junk way no matter hard enjoy guitar
here okay Tom Carter das uniqueness
millennia no mom it's not that kind of
party Oh a cha-cha
ok ok so my Johnny okay yes thank you
good Kibaki get harp any Bombay BHEL do
kebab from here but on there is it one
second on page one second
first class will get it was the holidays
or you need to glue got to get another
than you okay stop
listen both of you I thought you get
I've met him
hello what's happening here dad not now
sorry come econia is that telemarketer
no it's not okay no digital cat I taught
in two separate effective thank you haha
not gonna get what you know something
stop on cat and vodka please okay this
harassment dad I know I know my bloody
right okay and you get it left oh my
goodness can you stop is Ronnie and be a
child why do you say like this a string
are tied together sassy girl but taking
them you're already talking to me and II
believe I broke your onion she's asking
me about the Facebook invite but I'm
trying to tell her that oh sorry man
Fiona hey ki boy it wouldn't be enough
you soon get over men call Naaman are
c√≥lera floaty Ranga mid-course re pea
Wendy nah me but anyone on the pentacle
head oh my god UHN everyone just please
stop for a second go ahead load you get
it crazy look at this one it's not for
us thank you thank thank you that I am
so proud of you right I love you dad I
love you
huh this not for us do you know why it
is not for us because I am know invited
this one hold it with the taya Lily
never invite me Dad you don't even have
a Facebook now when you point Whitney
Amelia is part cello cello Makar will
give you only vigil this one with this
one not too too much June 22nd come on
I'd club a cha to me no Nehemiah kita
not too much money might in the everyday
I get in too much can happen too much
time watching or see why my sweet you i
what am i speaking to I exist I am i
invisible
hello captain Cambria when we are the
equipment then both of these services or
even both of these hurt is reservation
yeah
dayglo technology haha both of the
services to connect how to write are
just a scene used a 99% people don't
have enough workers
fatiah studies et on it haha scigirl
american-led stability is okay dope
Oneonta bottle miss lady
hardly but not to poor Don to cold water
nothing like that guest list before
11:30 how cold okay I put a three okay
11:30 lunge car yesterday favorite
pantyhose in Cairo got your own age area
okay stop it you're not invited I just
clicked everyone's name it's a club
downtown
it's nineteen plus for god sakes I am
nineteen plus okay it's not or pair
razor I wanna be worse you're talking
right into the best stop for the I am
better for me Magnum for niyama hi
Poppaea but you Matt detecting money
okay honestly listen I'm sorry okay
you can't come I accidentally clipped
your name okay I chopped okay dad
nothing we're not cool
we're not cool I did a cool back ma'am
you don't like that that's okay she not
treating me the Facebook why I'm going
okay you know what you can come I'm just
kidding of course of course you guys are
invited
really yes I would love to have you
there okay good I can take up Wendy can
end up Romany I like this one I really
fucked I love you I love you too that
Lily yeah mom I love you too don't worry
Second Treatise around we had come to a
party
what Oh lighter hi sorry but I don't be
upset okay not gonna cry really don't
cry I would like put enough nuts but
Charlie what I want is a girl superwoman
now we all have bad habits everyone
except me yes kidding I have bad habits
too and so do you yeah you I'm looking
at you
you have bad habits okay don't be
sitting there acting like you're all
perfect okay don't be ignorant that's a
bad habit
Olivia core gun to get it earlier I'm
swear to my friends Oslo cook took the
kid we saw skyrockets in each a little
