whatever everyone it's your girl
superwoman now we all have bad habits
everyone except me yes kidding I have
bad habits too and so do you yeah you
I'm looking at you you have bad habits
okay don't be sitting there acting like
you're all perfect okay don't be
ignorant that's a bad habit so I thought
if I just point out all the bad habits
we have we can collectively admit to
them and maybe try taking steps towards
being better human beings shall we
we shall okay commence evolution first
and foremost saying things you don't
mean we all do this I swear to god I
just don't care I'm not mad I'm not mad
I'm not mad do I look mad I'm not mad
whatever no it doesn't bother me okay
any I swear I would do anything for you
I really like you oh oh you like me you
like me do you like me okay
yesterday you hated me okay today you
like me because I'm wearing a miniskirt
okay and tomorrow let me guess you're
gonna be too stressed with work and
school so you don't think it's a good
idea to start a relationship because
there is a difference between I like you
and I'm horny to be honest I'd be way
more flattered if you were just straight
up I don't like you I just want to touch
your booty then pretending to like me
similarly somewhat similarly so
similarly is that a word on a similar
note people who just casually throw
around the words I love you you need
someone for the first time handshake
what's up 15 minutes later bye babe nice
meeting you love you
no no you don't know stop casually
saying I love you because when you
actually love someone it's not gonna
mean anything and people like me west
serious commitment issues you're upping
it up for us honestly I've been watching
Barney since I was three years old okay
I just recently told him I love him I've
been mumbling that song my entire life
just like
yeah you love me and your people just
throwing it around like it's an lol you
are know who's really about this perfect
example of someone who says things that
he doesn't mean low weight wheezing bag
that yeah listen to literacy says all
types of things in his songs that I'm
sure he doesn't really mean and would
never want to happen in real life
tell the magita life's character
you told her back it up like skirt skirt
so you so you want her to back it up
like a car whose engine is just about to
fail really is that what you want
imagine imagine Weezy her backing it up
like skirt skirt I told the back it up
like skirt skirt yeah you like that is
that attractive for you gonna be done me
skirts good the common thing goes girls
come this next one is for the girls okay
I make new videos every Monday and
Thursday and every Monday and Thursday I
have a new pimple on my face please see
Exhibit A hi did you order a pizza why
when you have my face and I complain
about it all the time but really useful
is it is it your book no no's focus it's
my fault
why because I go up okay I get ready I
put my makeup on my concealer i
Foundation my eyeliner my eyeshadow
forget silly putty blush every damn
thing that's supposed to make you sexy
is on my face I'm honestly one bottom
away from having the clothes Scherzinger
on my cheek so then I go out you know I
sweat I dance I eat I drink I throw up
because a tank on pees me grabbing my
face just go be buck with n you already
know that they just buttered some nons
probably gave up some for Sean okay just
let me sub G up on my chin so after all
that cup collage happens what do I do
when I go home I'm tired as hell so what
do I do
I go to sleep with all that piss push
off that pee on my face wash my face no
washing my face and I'm tired don't be
ridiculous
so I go to sleep and then I wake up in
the morning looking like black swans my
eyeliner is just all up on here and it's
also on my pillow
which means my mom's gonna see it and
she's gonna take our slipper and slap me
in the head which is probably also not
good for my face downwards by next
eating in bed okay honestly I'm going to
be very careful with this topic because
my relationship with food is very
sensitive mostly because it's my entire
life
people who eat in bed but are careful I
have no problem with you please continue
on pass go collect $200
because I'm for real what's better than
sleep and food I'm gonna be real with
you and tell you one of my deepest
darkest fantasies okay my ultimate
fantasy would be for me to be in bed
with like a really really hot guy okay
for him to be shirtless on his knees
just holding McDonald's french fries all
my ladies can I get an amen that don't
touch me just hold the damn fries
because I love food like in my brain why
have intercourse when I could have
calories in bed
I'm sorry men but then there's those
people who eat in bed and drop their
food all over the place people like you
need to re-evaluate your life choices
crumbs salt spilling your coca-cola all
over my sheets you sitting in my damn
bed eating a food sound I wake up in the
morning in a panic run to the washroom
to rub a pad with an actuality I just
roll over strawberry you need to check
yourself this one time that baby cousin
was eating pop rocks on my bed okay and
obviously I'm a classy sophisticated
lady so I drew in my sleep let's just
say I woke up feeling like it was down
the alley oop forget fourth of July all
up in my tonsils you ever see someone
and you're just like I don't understand
how you are experiencing an earthquake
two meters from me when I'm over here
and I don't feel anything and I know
this because I could simply drive over a
speed bump and my mood would hit my face
so the fact that I don't feel anything
right now means there's no earthquake
and then you walk over to them and you
just realize it's there like that's like
leg shakers people who sit and shake
their leg I don't get how you function
like can you even put your phone on
vibrate how would you tell the
difference if your phone is in your
pocket you're probably missing all types
of calls like I don't get it it's like
God is constantly playing a game of
operation and you're the game piece and
he's just effing with you he just has
the tweezers up against inside like and
you're just here on earth like stop that
ish like it's not even safe if you were
actually having a seizure in real life
no one would know and this is the thing
you're distracting me because I can't
look away all you have this much
attention to pay to a given task I'm
trying to focus on the time but really
I'm focusing on that
cracking knuckles if this was a sport I
swear to God I would have a gold medal
right now I've cracked my back I've
cracked my neck legs ankles Erte
straight up I'll be on the phone my
friends may be like Oh what are you
doing making popcorn I'm like nah just
stood up I don't know what it is I just
cannot feel content unless I crack my
joints and I swear to god this is the
only addiction I have that relates to
crack and joints so sue me and honestly
that's only a few bad habits I know a
lot of us have if you have any bad
habits a time dimension comment below
and if you know someone who has these
dirty habits post this on the wall tweet
to them do whatever if you left can you
speak
all right or if you just know that
you're hot mess I'm just gonna I'm not
stopping recording I can I speak English
let's bring it back bring it back or if
you know you had these bad habits this
is English I am speaking if you know you
have these bad habits share the video
the link is in the description to share
um absolutely say something else right
make sure you rate comment and click
subscribe because I do make you good I
swear to god this is staying in the
video I make new videos every Monday and
Thursday so make sure you check them out
every Monday and Thursday okay I'm gonna
go now because break I'm making a really
bad point to the whole only addiction
thing cracking joints cuz you guys are
gonna think I'm on drugs but I swear I'm
not my only drug is happiness
stop speaking stop speaking bring it
back one love superwoman that is a wrap
and Zoop my god I suck at everything
what if everyone hope you enjoyed that
video as per usual you can click here to
watch my last video my Facebook and
Twitter links are right there and click
Subscribe subscribe for more videos I
know oh my god I know why can't speak
sometimes in the middle of recording a
video it kind of hits me that what are
you doing you're talking to a camera
you're crazy and then it's just from
there I'm sorry I hope you like my crazy
weirdness also this is a new tank top
