what about when it's a girl superwoman
and let me just say yeah I heard it my
leg that's why I hurt my leg yesterday
at dance practice and I don't know what
I did if I pulled something or for
something but it just kills and when I
tell people this were all like Oh nobody
the doctors and I'm just like nah I
won't do it that annoys me so much like
the smallest thing happens I have a
cough I'll call them six little booger
and people like go to my doctors and I'm
just like no I swear to God my organs
have the same mentality of a male driver
who is lost there's like no don't tell
me what to do I don't need directions
okay don't tell me I need help if I want
her to crap out of her bellybutton
she will because it's a shortcut I'm
like so attractive no real talk you know
anything about me you know I don't like
going to the doctor's for the following
reasons so I make a doctor's appointment
at 4 o'clock okay
so I go to the doctor's office at 4
o'clock because that's what an
appointment is it's a predetermined time
to meet so that you don't have to wait
around and waste time but where am I
sitting in till 5:30
don't waiting-room tell me why tell me
why I make the appointment why did I
make it don't make it for fun did I make
the appointment to put on my head tell
me no stop stop the video stop
everything let me just take out the
appointment right now okay let me just
where the appointment is ahead there you
go yeah yeah
now let's serve some damn purpose so
then I'm in the waiting room and now
there's ten other people sitting there
that are sick oh that's great that's
gonna make me feel a real better let's
just start a communion let's just gather
round come let's just share tissues
please please call on my face I love it
when you do that and here's the thing
you see everyone's looking at each other
judging each other trying to figure out
what's wrong with them okay you caught
okay so you probably have like
bronchitis your arm is wrap okay your
arms probably broke up but me I'm not
coughing my arms not wrap and I see you
looking at me over the uncle jr. just
like I like Jessie she's studi and I
don't you do now you're judging me now
you're gonna tell everyone else not
everyone's gonna think I'm a whore okay
no I know I have to pretend to cock so
I'm just like
no I'm here for a medical stop judging
me and without fail every waiting room
has that one kid who's sick whose snot
is just flying everywhere and it's the
parent doing anything at all about this
probably not but no please no continue
this is great hopefully a man with an
eyepatch walks in okay then we'll have
all the characters for our Pirates of
the Caribbean movie shoot sense your
effing son looks like Davy Jones with
his snot and then finally they call my
name when I'm like and they took me from
a general waiting room into an office in
which I wait some more so now I'm in
this office with a whole bunch of cool
crap that I obviously want to play with
but I resist temptation doesn't like no
the doctors gonna walk in any second
shut up Willy so I'm waiting five
minutes you don't run okay five minutes
ten minutes goes Lila okay honestly
effing he's not coming so I get up and I
play with all the equipment and sure
enough two seconds later he walks in and
I'm just like how's it going doctor and
then he proceeds to ask me what's wrong
honestly here's the thing okay
is it just me or does a doctor ask you
what's wrong and then not listen to
anything you say like I'm trying to
explain to you laughs hurt my leg at
dance practice but before I can even
finish my sentence you've stopped two
things in my earring Oh I'm peeing in a
cup like honestly when did this happen
and honestly on that note any other hour
of the day I could piss an FM screen but
ask me to pee in a cup and suddenly
there's a sponge inside me I might as
well be a psychic you know why because
my B is a silent lack of pee pee the
amount of focus it takes to pee in a cup
I'm sitting there trying to convince
myself that I need to urinate I was like
holding the cup okay then come on
what scum on the flush blush drip drip
drip go Lily come on remember a walk to
remember a walk to remember okay now
pretend your vajayjay are your eyes and
crime girl come I walk on there was like
this much peeing a couple my great I
feel out everything honestly I suck at
everything and am I the only one that
feels like super awkward when the doctor
asks me weird questions but like really
casually he's just stuck okay so how
Jupe huh how often do you poo what is it
like what's it look like
what what I don't want to answer these
questions and talk to you about what my
poo looks like honestly can't I just
send you a snapchat and now you have me
second-guessing myself because you're
asking me all these questions and I feel
stressed and under pressure you're just
all like so are you sexually active uh
no are you sure and I'm just like fraid
I don't know what kinda sexually active
like I watched Magic Mike last night oh
my god are you pregnant no no are you
sure I think so I mean so you're not
pregnant I don't know am i I don't know
I don't know I can't be that's not poss
oh my god oh my god I feel a baby
digging oh hello hi hello hi stop
messing up my mind and had been forbid
you have a brown doctor one of my
friends told me that she went to the
doctor's office and he's like are you
sexually active and she's like yeah he's
like okay are you married she's like no
and she's like then how are you sexually
active what are you even allowed to say
that you're a doctor you're not gonna be
judgmental like freak oh my god my bad
you're right I should call my invisible
husband tell him to pick me up so I can
sit in the backseat not say a word we'll
go home I'll rub some sticks together
while he fights that damn woolly mammoth
for dinner like honestly who are you how
do you exist I don't care I just take my
olives pick your nose poke your brain i
jaw and honestly the final i'm goes to
wearing this right now no this is way
better and the final reason i don't go
to the doctors and because it doesn't
matter what's wrong with me okay my leg
could hurt my head could hurt my nose
complete but he's gonna give me some
generic remedy that i could have googled
such as drink more water oh my yeah
drink more what ground breath thank you
so much brilliant okay so the solution
to everything is drink more water good
well thank God I'm a fish so drink more
water and avoid hooks that's gonna be
hard when I walk out of your office and
at the walk pass Jack Sparrow and Davy
Jones again I've gotta hit you that's
right I don't like doctors I'm sorry
mummy daddy I know
eliminates half of the brown guys out
there for you - Tammy - da flock skin
off your tail in my hair anyways make
sure you rate comment and click that
subscribe button because I do make new
videos every Monday and Thursday
oh my hit 600,000 subscribers today so
thank you so much and love you so much
woman look in a little bowl packaging
one love superwoman that is a wrap and
Zoop your tweet has more number signs in
the effing phone book
like why do you need that many hashtags
in your critic hashtag I hashtag love
hashtag you hashtag hashtag but what
what if ands could have a tic-tac-toe
tournament on your tweet
