what everyone it's your girl superwoman
and I have to kind of whisper because
it's late and my parents are sleeping
and if I make noise my mom wakes up
she's gonna beat the crap out of me
no literally like my Becky will come out
but those you don't know that they means
it means Duty you so this video is long
overdue and don't get me wrong I love me
some pretty but there are some people on
Twitter that just need to calm their
panties okay because right now their
panties are LMFAO just right there you
just need to bring your panties down
turn it down okay
although hello I guess you wouldn't want
your panties rolling in the deep' right
what does that even mean it's
provocative no it's not gets the people
going I'm sorry you can click on
subscribe now just kidding no dang do it
don't wake up so welcome to annoying
people on Twitter people to Google
Google D hey I know you couldn't see it
but I just did at the Culver thrust I
want to get it can you see it I did that
I did like a a promise so straight
Prabhudeva first of all I don't
understand why anyone would follow those
annoying accounts on Twitter that just
point above and below making a statement
about the person you know those accounts
are just like oh the person below this
tweet drinks the sweat under Rick Ross's
boobs or like the person above this
tweet would strip for french toast like
why why would people follow these
annoying accounts that expose the truths
like honestly that's between Rick Ross
and I and you know oh my is my mom boy
yeah and even more annoying that those
accounts are the people who will
screenshot those tweeting me like okay
so woman look it says the person below
this tweet got raped by a midget and
you're the person below the tweet
Oh slapping me shut your face okay
honestly no wonder you watch my videos
because you have a terrible sense of
humor also rape is not a joke also okay
he wasn't a midget he promised to take
me to a Chocolate Factory and we're both
consenting adults
okay so mind your business Maggie Benz I
just did my business I
our Fresh Prince reference on top of
that it's rarely anything positive so
you don't know stop I'm going to start
my own trend comment below comment right
now get the person below your comment
okay is a sexy piece of cherry
cheesecake and the person above your
comment is so hot that their soap melts
in the shower that's right go ahead
comment tag each other have fun let's
talk about hashtags for a second okay a
hashtag is a way to create trends okay
to categorize a tweet and to put ending
thoughts to your sentence so there's no
need for you you I'm looking at you -
hashtag every single word in your bloody
doing
I say bloody tweet because once I see
your tweet I'm going to slap its face
then why why Allah C assigns hacia
number signs your tweet has more number
signs in the effing phonebook but why do
you need that many hashtags in your
tweets like hashtag I hashtag love
hashtag you hashtag hashtag but what
what the aunt could have a tic-tac-toe
tournament on your tweet please show the
FL people who believed in fake accounts
can't talk to you for a second hello
miss Bieber's wife for life okay if you
are Bieber's wife why do you think
Justin Buber on Twitter is really him
why do celebrities have verified
accounts why do we have the check mark
why we have check mark for fun speaking
of check marks check yourself before you
wreck yourself because I can assure you
that drupe Knightley Cyrus and reona are
not the real people hello hello your
brain is stupid people who tweet you
okay and then someone replies to that
tweet and now they're both having a
conversation but they're still tagging
you every single time they tweet so now
you can see their whole conversation
that has absolutely nothing to do with
you I wish I could remove my buttcheeks
okay FedEx them to you so you could just
give them a little kiss little kiss
right there and then Express post it
back to me you are very annoying to me
what do you do this in real life do go
hang to Lily come over here
Lily come stand here let's hold hands
okay awesome
anyways Jessica what's going on Hey Joe
I'm super how are you
I'm actually pretty terrible I broke up
with my girlfriend oh that's okay she's
a slut anyways that's true like why am I
here
you are forcing me to easy up and now I
have no choice but to retweet your
tweets so everyone knows about your
study ex girlfriend you see what you're
doing here you're forcing me to be a bad
person
lastly the most annoying people are
Twitter are all those people who for
some reason are not following me uh what
are you doing follow me follow me right
now right here at Hsu boom hi what up
shameless plug quickie right now saying
hello my name is blank and I'm a cupcake
do it right now as for me that's it make
sure you rate comment and click that
subscribe button and I know a lot of you
were gonna comment below saying your
video is late and it's Friday well you
know you're mean and you're a bully
but that's okay you know why because to
someone out there you are a sexy piece
of cherry cheesecake I make new videos
every Monday and Thursday but sometimes
I'm waiting it becomes Friday so one
love superwoman that is a wrap and Zoop
how's it going I hope you enjoyed that
video click here and watch my last video
my Facebook and Twitter links are right
there you can also click the subscribe
button for new videos every Monday and
Thursday I just got to point out the
fact that I bought a new hat and I
really like it are you ready for it
okay bye
