whatever one it's a girl's so Pullman
and you hear that yes dear Nene Nene
that's right it's graduation time a lot
of you either are graduating right now
or graduating soon right doesn't matter
when they're graduating or wondering
that diploma cuz I'm gonna tell you the
truth about graduation
you ready leg up let's start with
elementary school shall we which in
Canada is kindergarten to grade it don't
wanna graduate from elementary school
you're like I know any like what are you
what are you like dumb what are you like
hey that's 1450 or something I don't
know
point is you're never okay you have no
fashion sense my really graduation I've
got a hot oven mess I wore these like
sick black platform shoes that like went
and match it with nothing I mean like
straight up nothing like if I do a
picture of my platform shoes from graded
graduation and put that picture on
shaadi.com like it would reply saying
zero matches
I was not hot like fine why because I
have no mixes all right there is you're
just that that was improv you can just
give me all your money now no but real
talk
it was bad like I wore the super-sparkly
long dress and because the dress had to
buy like a proper actual bra like the
first time in grading I'm ever bring
like bra good I spent half the night
trying to hook that is from the back
about to call my name like up next Lilly
Singh I'm sitting at home but yeah
somebody help me and you already know
what my hair looked like okay I'm 24
so when I was in great 24 when I was in
grade 8 the fashion trend was to have a
slinky on either side of your face you
know what I'm talking about that really
intense curl just like hey what's up I'm
DNA widely why and I remember for our
grade at graduation our teacher thought
would be a great I get to put together
like a slideshow for the graduating
class on sitting girl motion alike
and then a picture of me comes up at the
school dance dancing with a boy his
hands were on my waist we were touching
he was black and then I died
true story though when I got this weird
just by nature no no don't watch too bad
on my beep up great damage my mommy's BP
sky-high and I'm a great a graduation I
was actually valedictorian and I
remember my speech was all like and now
we're adults and as we move forward in
life you will cherish these moments shut
the F up now I remember half the people
from my radio class you know and I'm
still not an adult so just chill Beth oh
I wish I could go back and tell myself
that really just relax okay don't think
are all responsible serious adult now
with your diploma because your priority
should still be to diplo ma dip below
get up slow I'm so sexy and then there's
high school graduation which is like the
biggest deal of life I mean girls are
getting their eyebrows done for the
first time if you're anything like me
like when I was in high school then for
some reason you think it's super sexy
together super thin eyebrows I mean like
when I was in high school my eyebrows
were so thin it's like God was playing
hangman and like two of the hangman's
legs fell and on my face just straight
up like this like I was always surprised
or said hi how's it by you guys good
everyone good okay everyone's look
whoever invented the emoticon did it
based off a portrait of me
I am the emoticon the people in my
bluebies just scream yeah and high
school graduations like the first time
that guys decide to wear pants they can
actually walk in she's not usually the
rings baggy pants looks like they just
crack and eat in their bent and there's
like oh oh drag the gut feel on with
them yeah and so for the first time they
wear pants at their waist it really
boggles my mind though you know like how
did u just discover a belt when we both
know your parents have been beating you
with one for the past 13 years
no for real talks I think this is why
kids start hitting puberty at the time
of the high school graduation because
suddenly
looks good I can pass for years let's be
real you were all ugly I mean I'm a nice
person and I'm positive but I'm honest
like your ugly jack bank every day to
school friggin one eyebrow show up the
classes and I'm all about that life
and then suddenly graduation day comes
and Ashley has a booty and oh my god
michael has toned arms when he does more
that extra extra extra extra extra extra
larger it's a happy graduation for you
and your baby
whatup matured bound chicken where am i
really where today I can't really gauge
if I'm really weird so just a comment
below am I really where today I feel
like I'm a little weird today I'm ok
with that
see but here's the thing with elementary
school and high school graduations that
the graduating class is so small so
everybody knows everybody else and what
happens is you're sitting there your
parents are there and then one of your
friends gets an award for an outstanding
achievement and then your mom comes up
she's all like oh did you see freaky
award out step out standing a team on
you where do our where'd you bend your
body what are you doing for Mom I
graduated within a average I want blood
the of world okay Citizenship Award
bloody outstanding award out outstanding
award doesn't think of brown parents
they really are keen on words like
outstanding extraordinary achievement
first but boombastic Lily I want to get
boombastic Award a one word and it's so
annoying because that one annoying
little smart kid will be getting all the
awards and all the brown kids will be
sitting there freaking biting their
nails and farting all nervous because
they want to avoid eye contact with the
parents in their life and then you
accent look at your mom and she's like
don't you look they see people do that
the holy what is going on a little as if
there's like an invisible person there
they're scratching them okay what what
is going on
I'm definitely where today let's move on
to college and university graduation
possibly the biggest waste of time of my
entire life
don't get me wrong graduating is great
you know I'm supposed to say schools all
schools super important kids but the
actual ceremony oh my yeah it's like
Britney Spears just initialed all over
the damn event because it's just some
serious BS you sit there and you're like
one of 400 people okay and they make
some like grand ridiculous bogus like
ritualistic thing we're like the Dean
comes out he's on like there's like
super dramatic music and then they carry
out like this gold sector I'm like where
am I like the Olympics for douchebags
yeah hey people come marching out and
they make this whole thing about I'm
like honestly what the bummer us and
then when it's finally your turn you get
up you're waiting outside the stage in
you're nervous because you like oh my
god this is my moment so you're there
I'm like fixing my hair lipglosses my
phone on silent I want my butt to
vibrate okay cool let's do this
and literally that moment lasts one
second I've often said before they can
even say my last name I mean it's so
quick and useless that you will get one
picture from that moment and it will
look like this and God knows why Casey
Perry's gonna blow up that picture and
put in the hallway for everyone to see
yes hello Pacifica come near your car
doctor graduated degree so good she is
not to mention the damn graduation had
to make you wear at graduation oh you
see that hat on TV you're like oh my god
that's so friggin cool I want a square
on my head but in real life that ish is
hella anoying that little tassel thing
that tassel yeah do your tassel go home
I'm sitting there texting talking
throughout my evening of tassels just
like excuse me does it look like I need
a piece of weave coming from my
just tell me where it looks like I need
more hair right now because I got care
for days okay
like what day is it where days are
Thursday I got here for today but
honestly no all jokes aside what's
mattered is that you've graduated and
this is a very important milestone in
your life yeah okay maybe you wasted
your life and had zero fun okay maybe
spend thousands and thousands and
thousands of dollars in tuition but you
know it doesn't matter why because now
you have a piece of paper welcome to the
real world in which that piece of paper
won't do anything to find you any type
of job what you psychologist doctor and
unit Danny what do you want it doesn't
matter it doesn't matter why because
we're all the same when we click that
upload button I'll see you soon Oh Oh
what's the old or you graduated with
honors okay
I'll subscribe to your channel no but
real talks everyone s graduating happy
graduation to you this is huge one for
my congratulations hugs and kisses from
superwoman make sure you rate commented
click that subscribe button because I do
make new videos every Monday and
Thursday as soon we I'm pretty sure that
is a but week don't wrap one love
superwoman and boom what's going on I
hope you enjoyed that video click here
to watch my last video you can also
click right there to subscribe for more
videos check out my links Facebook and
Twitter right there follow me and like
me and all that good stuff thank you so
much for watching my videos and I hope
you have a fantastic morning evening
night wherever you are sending you a
smile bye
