what if everyone's your girl superwoman
Hey look crazy so she should get this
get this guy's listen listen listen so
today I hit a hundred thousand Twitter
followers and I was like and then a few
moments after I hit five hundred
thousand YouTube subscribers I was like
and you all got me feeling like a bag of
Skittles so I decided I want to return
the favor to you and make you smile so
welcome to ten reasons to smile number
one remember a few years ago in school
when there was that girl or guy that you
really really liked but they didn't like
you back so that made you feel like crap
and you're just like so looking
heartbroken you were like I hate my life
I'm never gonna get over this honestly
my life is over
well guess what you're still here so you
made it baby your life is nowhere and in
fact use down fine oh my god really
oh yeah in fact you so damn fine that
that person that didn't like you so I'll
be stalking you on Instagram right now
that's right they're watching you on the
beach the watching you keep that
cheesecake okay they're watching you
drank champagne or in the airplane
they're probably just sitting there with
their basic self like no honestly you
look damn fine
at Instagram okay I would double tap you
in real life just trips on your forehead
I just put two bindis on your sink yeah
okay
in fact that's what you say when I like
something in real life I'm sir number
two right now you're either watching on
your computer or your smartphone okay
probably in HD high definition
definition higher than your parents
wedding photos if they have any reason
to smile because you didn't have to go
through this for a whole minute and if
you don't recognize that noise honestly
how old are you I have CDs older than
you free and dance mix 96 in thamma
Sigma this is another laugh she like hip
up mom they're number T at some point
when you were younger okay there was a
group of kids that you thought were so
cool they're probably older really
popular and you just wanted to be part
of the cool Club okay well look at you
now you don't need to be part of the
cool Club why because you have a smaller
group of close friends who accept you
for your crazy weird ways in fact people
probably look at you and which oh my god
I wish I was your friend because you're
so freaking cool and now
so you and your friends are like this
like this okay you belong together
you're like freakin Tetris number four
okay get this get this okay high-waisted
pants bathing suits shorts and like
skirts are in fashion now do you know
what this means this means you know when
you were like normal jeans or like
low-rise jeans and like button them and
then you have a little bit of flubber
that kind of cool you don't tell them
with a little McChicken that's just like
you don't need to worry about that just
pull them pants up button right here
right here under your boobies freakin
contain that ish it's like a beautiful
magical illusion tell ya i'll with the
carrots in with the cupcakes my friend
number five my hair is messy smiling is
like one of the only contagious things
you can give someone that won't harm
them right I mean so keep your boogers
okay your STDs your germs
keep your chicken box okay but give me
smile baby watch let's try it okay hi I
know you want to smile I know you have
your selves I know you want to smile you
looking at me like I'm looking to smile
at this weirdo what you wanna smile I
know ya you are this my smile let me see
smile more you use some what you're so
smiley click the thumbs up if you're
smiling
friggin click it number 6
remember that time we did something
really really stupid and dangerous like
I mean that you're Stu I mean like
you're an idiot stupid like when you ran
across traffic to catch the ice-cream
truck or like when you you know you ate
that piece of food we're like I'm pretty
sure this is wrong but I'm gonna have it
anyways or when you got a ride from that
friend of a friend who is kind of like
oh maybe you went on like a midnight
walk alone in Scarborough or something
or maybe you and your friends just did
something really stupid dangerous and
borderline illegal and you almost died
or went to jail well guess what you're
still alive congratulations and now you
can tell other people about it and
they're gonna do the same thing aren't
looking you created a legacy you're
alive and stupid that's an achievement
like this once I was trying to pretend
that I was in a Punjabi music video like
on a farm and stuff and then and then
what happened
fell out of a trunk and then my mom BP
but I'm still alive or am i I have ADHD
what was this video about and then with
the dad's reasons to smile I'm sorry I'm
focused number seven
okay this one is for my iPhone users
because I'm gonna change your life and
make you smile forever you know all
those time to try to take a selfie so
you're all like this but then you can't
properly press the button so all your
selfies end up looking really
constipated cuz you're like did you
really concentrate or press the button
baby Shh listen to me
you don't have to click the capture
button to take a picture you can also
press the volume up button to capture an
image stop being your dingus hello
selfie thank you
your life is changed forever you're
welcome and if you didn't know that and
you learn something new take a selfie
right now post it on Instagram and use
the hashtag superwoman learn me this do
it do it remember the last time you went
to India or look wherever your homeland
is and you accidentally drank some water
and then you have like diarrhea for a
week
I'm talking like serious I'm talking
like your butthole was Niagara Falls I'm
talking like straight Alicia Keys parody
like this bum is on fire I'm talking you
lost 10 pounds
don't be cool you know what I'm talking
about every time to travel to whole nine
places we get diarrhea okay we need a
freakin Apple it's like you Brad it's
like sometimes you can even just take a
deep breath and go oh not pay want to
stay and hear my friend well smile
welcome home friend number nine
summertime is coming which means that
McDonald's will be bringing back their
dollar drink days which means that
everyone can be a baller and buy a drink
with a dollar I am a rapper
hello yes I went to take one coca-cola
Pepsi please young money baby you know
this is gonna do for my self esteem and
confidence just
frig that just went down the vent oh now
we'll never get a drink also spewpa
number did okay won't you stop such
finish a fair Mela bukkake
I want you to think about someone you
really love okay think about them
they're so awesome aren't they that make
you smile they make you happy
they're so damn fine okay I'll stop
someone just thought of you
someone just thought of you oh my god
it's this I'm not crying
that's the mascara the mascaras in my
eye okay I'm not mascara they care about
you love emotions and hey aside from
those 10 reasons there are so many more
reasons to smile if you think of any
others please make sure you comment
below because everyone likes to smile
and hey those weren't enough reason for
you to smile but hey it's another one I
like you
just saying
make sure you rate comment and click
that subscribe button because I do make
new videos every Monday and Thursday and
click the links in the description to
share this video because you never know
who could use a smile today it could
mean a lot to that person as for me
that's a wrap I'm gonna put my hands
together and say thank you so much for
your love and supporting me the world to
me I can't believe I have half a million
YouTube subscribers that is all you it's
all you so thank you so so much I love
you one love superwoman that is a wrap
ends hey I hope you enjoyed that video
as per usual you can click there to
watch my last video right there on my
Facebook and Twitter links and you can
also click that button right there
to subscribe for more videos and just
smile didn't smile be happy FB smile it
be happy yeah yeah I'm gonna I'm trapped
in the box
I'm truck what I'm glad you still like
me
