what everyone it's your girl superwoman
and yes I'm still wearing my Leafs
Jersey what you want to go you want to
go don't don't hurt my feelings
get it together Lilly bring it back girl
bring it back anyways moving on to this
video if that's what you really are
don't get me wrong I'm like a super
happy positive unicorn person who crafts
skittles but you know I'm gonna admit
that there's some things in life that I
just suck at like I think it takes a
real person to admit that you kind of
sell you some I suck me we're terrible
people and like I work hard so I hope I
don't fail in life but like if I do fail
in life these are the reasons why I have
the worst attention span ever like if
thoughts we're boys I would be a slut
never like actually I'm not kidding like
my mind is actually a war I'll sit down
and ready to do my work okay I'm gonna
go through these emails I'll be on
Google all of a sudden ad pops up for
like skincare lengthing oh my god her
skin is so fab as I click on yeah I want
his website I have a gorgeous girls with
beautiful skin I'm like her um as my
skin tones my skin isn't always how do I
get the flawless skin so then I jump on
Google and I'm like home skin care
remedies a website comes up I click on
that a list of ingredients comes up and
that's it I'm gone I'm gone Lily red
drops I'm at the grocery store buying
honey's lemons and avocados like I swear
one thing leads to another thing so
quickly inside my brain is a but on the
outside of like and honestly this hurts
me it hurts me as a human being and also
hurts me with my potential to be a juice
because now cause every juice I could
never be concentrated furthermore I
procrastinate like it's my job I don't
do anything until it's so late that it's
practically impossible to finish the
task on time perfect example or what day
is let me just check my watch because
apparently my watch is a calendar that
watch that I don't have
oh it's Tuesday when do I upload videos
Monday and Thursday why why why don't
talk back to me because I wait until
11:59 every
Monday and Thursday to pick up my camera
why you ask further because I'm doing
this straight up I'm the type of idiot
that evolution is gonna eliminate
because if there is a zombie apocalypse
I'm gonna wait talk about very last
minute to do anything about it
oh look zombies be on my street Lulu
walking towards me I'm just gonna be
here chin chin like this
I love zombies knocking on my front door
oh okay well perfect time to start
watching Game of Thrones zombies be
walking up my stairs right now to my
room Lu where am I upstairs texting
while taking abductees not giving any
type of them because I'm gonna wait till
this zombie is mama claw right here
ready to eat my boot car okay
before I try grabbing and reaching for
that butter knife okay and by the time I
reach you that butter knife half my
body's in begun okay but you know what
joke is on you okay because I'm
vegetarian which means I taste like crap
and I know this because I eat vegetarian
food and I know it tastes crappy I'm
just kidding actually what might rain
food is not that bad
I just missed the sizzle of the grill
you know you and you cook me there's a
self what am i doing you see you see
that's what I got my brain could never
be on one direction because you're
acting like this okay
oh now you're wearing pajamas frag I'm
trying so hard to be classy oh what's
that there's an emergency broadcast on
whatsapp on how to save yourself during
the zombie apocalypse but you have to
update that app do it later 10 page
essay due tomorrow
I'll start at 2 a.m. what's that have to
be across the entire city in an hour ok
well I'll leave in 55 minutes I hate you
I will never learn the difference
between the letters G and J true story
in Punjabi we call brother-in-law GGG
okay so on my sister's wedding day I
signed their wedding portrait okay a
couple days ago I wanted to those who
look at it yeah it says lots of love
both to my sister and my gig on you what
my whole life I have struggled with this
and to be honest it's caused a lot of
pain why because it doesn't look as cool
and I type bond games bond and gunk in
the trunk does not sound as good as
jumping the truck and I have the junk in
my trunk I don't have the gunk the other
day I went to go see grass at Park
sweetie yeah and the dinosaurs were shoo
man they're forgetting gumbo size not to
mention I could never be a gangster
forget being an original one because I
would go around calling myself an OG a
what up second juice reference up I have
phone anxiety which basically means that
unless you're someone I speak to almost
every day or every other day
when you call me yeah I'm crapping my
pants like text me god text me an essay
what's at me
snap Jack me freaking send me an audio
note for the love of God just don't call
me like honestly I'll use every excuse
in the book not to speak to someone on
the phone who I'm not super familiar
with hey I'm in a loud place text me
okay battery low text me and some have
never even give an excuse someone calls
me I've northern call then two seconds
later I'm like hey sup I'm a friggin
jerk I don't mean to be I swear like I
could never be in a horror movie you
know those scenes where like someone
calls and person answers and it's like
someone's scared in the liquor and they
go running hide a little run-in hydrous
with us phone rang the directors gonna
be like yeah hi excuse me really no you
need to answer the phone then cry and
run and hide and I'm just like make it
like straight up egg roll dead chick
living in a well calling me and telling
me that I'm living for seven days okay
checking on flicks okay GUP down my
buddy voicemail seven days okay do text
me seven days you ain't gonna call me
that's a serious problem I'll be missing
like job opportunities interviews like
invitations great news why because when
you call me a kilo the good news is I
can never be constipated because a good
prank call will do the trick
I'm really talking about a lot of poo
today why is that maybe I'm not an adult
can we be real if you have to set an
alarm for two o'clock p.m. use a failure
that is me when I have to wake up by 7 1
4 2 201 203 to 10 to 13 to 21 and my
alarm titles are as follows
Jagga okay seriously Lily get up see
this is why you suck at everything
honestly you're so pathetic
oh my God we're so stupid and this is
why everyone hates you my response
snooze snooze snooze snooze snooze
snooze straight-up sleep is my
kryptonite
I love sleeping in and when I'm sleeping
I will convince myself of anything to
avoid getting up when I used to be in
school and I have to get up for an exam
or to study this is what would go down
rah rah rah okay five more minutes Lily
it's been an hour you have to study for
your exam yeah don't worry I'll study
while driving Lily your exam is in 20
minutes
are you really gonna let society tell
you what to do well there is always
summer school okay well what's your
average gonna be if you don't go to this
exam get up oh it's the next day and
that's just a few things but let's be
real the list could go on forever but
that's okay that's okay you know why
because I'm also really effing good at a
few things for example I'm really good
at the game Biggio Beach bejeweled I'm
really good at the game
bejeweled and I can also braid hair
super super fast so I'm just saying I
feel like these two major assets kind of
offset the rest of my downfalls comment
below and let me know why you're a
failure at life and then we can be
failures together also your weight your
weight you know a date is it is May 14th
you know what's on the 14th today is an
ask Superman livestream that's where
I'll be doing a live show on you now the
link is in the description i will be
giving live shuttles and answering all
types of questions that's at 6 p.m.
Eastern Standard Time
that's 11 o'clock p.m. in the UK 3 p.m.
in Vancouver 4 p.m. in Calgary 3 p.m. in
Los Angeles 12:00 a.m. and Germany
Germany - wait a Minu bye and 6 p.m. in
Trinidad and Tobago and according to
when I released this video is probably
in a couple minutes for everyone so make
sure you join me on my live stream again
the link is in the description just just
do that like just direct Nike anyways I
don't what we're talking about Nike
Adidas adidas three lines three lines
triangle box you - but yeah great
comment and make sure to click that
subscribe button because I do make meals
every Monday and Thursday and I would
love to see you there
one love superwoman is a wrap and I will
see you in a few minutes - Zoop um hi
I'm happy Mother's Day from me and your
future grandchild I'm pregnant just
kidding happy Mother's Day
