what everyone is your girl superwoman
but everyone still girl superwoman
I'm feeling happy great why you ask well
I ask why not just this video have a
point I don't know we'll find out what's
it to you what am i doing
so Mother's Day is right around the
corner I know what you just panicked did
you pee a little you just peed a little
they peed a little why cuz you forgot
and you panicked and I just reminded you
why cuz you're a terrible child do
stupid go for you're even the gunman
right now but that's okay because I got
your back I've compiled a list of
amazing Mother's Day gifts and because I
know use a cheap jeroni I made them cost
next to nothing so here you go cheap
awesomesauce Mother's Day gifts leg up
hi mom
hi I'm happy Mother's Day from me and
your future grandchild I'm pregnant
just kidding happy Mother's Day this is
what you do gather your miniskirt and
short shorts and just gather them put
them in a bag and have a bonfire with
your mom she's not gonna enjoy anything
more than burning a pair of your dirty
blue shorts give your mom a 30 minute
tutorial on how to use her smartphone
because let's be real she's been asking
you since 2005 the teacher hop through
the desk method and you haven't had time
since finally accept your mom's friend
request on facebook because I go she
poked you every day there's like a
drunken pictures body pictures privacy's
at and she just wants to be your friend
and spy on you I have a feeling that
your mom would like it as she walked
into your room right and didn't fall in
bra cup her face because she slipped on
a pile of dirty kitchen so um
clean your room you're nasty did I was
this how long with poles right now am i
wearing too much blush Frank mom here's
a copy of my recent blood test you'll
notice that there's a lack of alcohol
marijuana cocaine and heroin happy
Mother's Day
yep yes I will accept a cash reward mom
I bought you this rose
I mean um I want to settle down can you
please teach me how to cook mom I just
make a really big mess and then I
cleaned it happy Mother's Day mom
I finally separated my white clothes for
my colored pool so that when you do the
laundry tomorrow it'll be easier happy
Mother's Day
now here's a list of gifts that you
should now wanna buy your mom
the toolchain CD
she got big motor so account big booty
bounce turn skirt with moving cook no
big deal she don't like to be mookie
hope she don't like the big booty Oh a
vacuum or like any other cooking
cleaning appliance that's like giving a
chicken a packet of seasoning and being
like you know what to do next
nah don't do it you don't pick your nose
for the love of God after how close and
Chum chummy you think you are with your
mom
don't buy a lingerie aka don't do the
link read hey mom I think you're really
gonna like this happy Mother's Day what
the came to you Bigfoot ha
Harlee he no I I never do like this with
man before I never do dirty thing in my
life I don't I don't do like this you
gave birth to me Netenyahu Papa Cardin
awkward especially if your parents are
Brown don't be stupid don't be stupid
you know Brown parents never have and
never will have sex and honestly if all
else fails you're just like a terrible
child just email Maury and ask them for
a favor ladies and gentlemen welcome
back when it comes to little Lilly Singh
this woman is not the mother will talk
to me she spent some quality quality
with the game time with your mom to
Sunday and if were you living the world
it's not Mother's Day Sunday well still
spend time with her anyways she's
awesome and because she's given us so
much and most importantly because she's
cleaned our crap for so many years and
also our boobs are saggy because of you
honestly you're a burden but wait before
you go and we parked on this beautiful
day do me a quick favor
make sure you rate comment and click
that subscribe button because I do make
new videos every Monday and Thursday my
Facebook and Twitter links are in the
description you can check those out as
well as for now yes that's all we're
done on time until Monday I'll see you
then one love superwoman that is a wrap
and Zoop Zoop so then at night when I
can finally jump in bed I'm so excited
so I go to jump on my bed and then I'm
like yeah I can't fall asleep I can't
fall asleep at night for following
reasons
