what everyone it's your girl superwoman
not you know anything about me you know
I love to sleep I love to sleep but
don't get me wrong like I still work
really really hard and I do a lot of
things like I love standing as well just
the horizontal kind and because I love
sleeping throughout the entire day I'm
falling asleep in a meeting while
driving while eating so then at night
when I can finally jump into bed I'm so
excited so I go to jump in my bed and
then I'm like yeah I can't fall asleep I
can't fall asleep at night for the
following reasons because it's hot okay
so I take the blanket off and now I'm
cold so I'm like okay I put the blanket
back on now I'm hot again so I'm like
okay I'll take my sweater off but now
it's freezing so I'll put my sweater
back on oh now I'm sweating I swear to
god that's what it's like all night I'm
like a confused stripper that's like not
quite sure for values it so she's like
off on me naked no do I believe in this
so then I have like strategize one leg
out of the blanket the other leg in the
blank and now the blankets in between my
legs I'm getting all sexual with the bad
bang breathing stressful I swear to god
it takes me forever to find a
comfortable position like hello hi dear
person who wrote the Karma Sutra please
make one for lonely single people who
just want to sleep I'm going like this
on my left side when I'm not too
comfortable my right side has kind of
hurts my ear like this what about this
not my neck hurts and I'll be doing all
types of positions like literally human
origami
trying to find what my comfortable
position is and can we be real I'm not
even trying to be racist when I say that
if it comes down to human origami we
know that the Asians have less trouble
falling asleep okay what it what are
your problems on kasi both fold up I'm a
crane goodnight wait is it a swan or a
crane Swan great what do I do
how how how this help me figure that out
hey I love horror movies I loved you
like horror movie on a lamp or booth
asked you I asked well I don't know
because I go watch a horror movie I come
home and let's be real ain't nobody
sleeping after that and the funny thing
is I usually have
nothing horrifying on my mind and then I
jump into venom
okay ready goodnight here we go it uh up
here no maturity exercise scream grudge
I know what you did final destination
one two three four Kenny just K I'm
kidding what the last one I know this
nation the only thing scary about that
movie is that they might make another
one like clearly your director or some
stubborn male who won't ask for
directions cuz you might never get into
your final destination
like honestly how many more ways are you
gonna kill people pretty soon we're
gonna have one we're like your
smartphone starts stabbing you initially
enough is enough okay so now I'm lying
there terrified okay I'm pretty sure
there's like ten demons under my bed a
killer in my closet like I'll crocodile
in my drawer over there but not to worry
because I'm convinced okay that if I
just cover my head with my blanket none
of them can hurt me why am I still why
am i stupid like why do I think that
that is the solution when I'm scared
dude do I do this in real life yo give
me all your money
yo hello hello somebody in there no
nobody in there nobody home
maybe I have to wake up early tomorrow
maybe I have a big audition a big event
okay you know a big meeting perfect I
jump in bed okay early being responsible
I lie down a rake here we go perfect
time to think about everything what is
my life how come we don't talk anymore I
could have made more effort when Kajol
and Shahrukh Khan ruined the gazebo
where did that music really come from I
should start working out whatever
happened to Caillou I should probably
start being successful does Beyonce
really have sex with jay-z
oh my god wait is Mowgli from jungle
book and pie from Life of Pi the same
person were there two famous brown kids
who chill with animals
wait hamburgers aren't made from ham
really though how am I supposed to fall
asleep but every time I'm about to fall
asleep something don't range happens to
me good yeah I'm sometimes a tired
feeling sneezes boom falling off a cliff
yeah stop maturing me yeah hey good name
period in white pants I can't even
imagine how hard it is to sleep when
you're in a relationship 4 o'clock a.m.
and it's like hello I miss you like you
miss what you like if I don't miss your
head when I come punch your face okay
you know you're missing some damn common
sense okay this ain't no convenience
stores you know 7-eleven I'm not 34 hour
swear to God you ever stay over at a
friend's house okay and their
interrelationships looks like the middle
the 19 you wake up at like 5:00 a.m. to
go take a piss and you look up and
they're sitting there texting like my
bad
Frigga I didn't know your boyfriend was
selected for the Hunger Games and he's
leaving tomorrow Mike how rude of me
good night is for sleep not gonna be
boss I find nothing romantic about being
interrupted while I'm sleeping I swear
to God Sleeping Beauty you acted up for
everyone anyways that's all for now I'm
gonna go try to sleep now make sure you
rate comments and click that subscribe
button because I do make new videos
every Monday and Thursday my Facebook
and Twitter links into ramblings all my
type of links are in the description
below so make sure you check or them out
one love superwoman that is a wrap and
hello okay so you know what my skin is
brown it's brown here it's brown here
it's brown on my leg over here ladies
I'm just gonna go ahead and say it
so deal with it uh my armpits be hella
dark yo just in case you're wondering
why I'm not in my usual room I'm in my
green room and not my upstairs cool it's
because chefs it's because my parents
are sleeping upstairs and when I'm loud
and my mom's sleeping like she'd beat
the crap with me up in here okay dude
literally making myself a human organ
get it together
