lip is pimples are aware on my face
whatever one it's a girl superwoman I'm
really sorry I know today is Friday it's
not Thursday and I didn't release a
video yesterday but I'm releasing one
now it's because yesterday I came home
from a 12 hour movie shoot and I was so
tired and even right now I'm so tired
I'm tired like I don't even know what
happened is my hair messy did I do my
makeup right did I even use the right
foundation do I look like a Geisha I
don't even know you know this video was
an audition for the Care Bears I would
fail miserably because like I do not
ever care it doesn't matter I'm still
late so to make it up to you I will do
something sexy at the end of this video
perverted uncle's feel free to press
fast-forward now you know as a
professional weirdo I tend to experience
a lot of awkward situations in life and
I'm kind of annoyed that they're awkward
I just don't want them to be awkward
anymore and so the following awkward
situations I would very much so
appreciate if they just became the norm
so listen number one okay so you know
what my skin is brown it's brown here
it's brown here it's brown on my leg
over here um ladies I'm just gonna go
ahead and say it so deal with it ah my
armpits be hella dark and you don't know
it's not even like one shade darker okay
it's don't leave naturally blends in no
no it's lighter lighter lighter by
darker okay it's a straight-up civil war
up in her and I for one I'm tired of
being embarrassed about this kit I mean
a party wearing a sleeveless top dancing
like yeah I'm having a pretty timely
time look okay I'm dying Diane I don't
care anymore I'm tired of having to go
to Instagram going to every eken filter
to find which one makes my outfits look
the lights okay because unless Valencia
okay exists in real life this is the
reality I've been given a F and deal
with it I'm no longer embarrassed about
this
hashtag dark armpit swag I cannot
believe she just said that hey boo
okay sometimes we accidentally touch
each other you know you walk by someone
you accidentally brush their butthole or
boobs minutes this whole awkward
situation really oh I'm so sorry they're
like oh no don't worry about it I didn't
need to touch you there I'm so sorry
like
I mean you accidentally got some action
isn't that a great thing so now why did
you accidentally touch someone the
response should be a series of creepy
faces exchanged because it just makes
everything wait less serious oh yeah oh
hey
when you go to hug someone and they
respond to the and then you're like Oh
Frank now I feel like a creep because I
wanted more physical contact so you're
like and they're like announced like
this whole awkward variation of the
opinion everyone should just hug okay
because that's not reality here's the
solution
when you see someone okay you gotta plan
the greeting you're like a mile away
okay you approach you approach and now
when you like ten seconds away
you need to indicate how you wanna agree
I see you are walking towards you okay
that way a person knows exactly what you
want to do and they will follow through
accordingly
let's try it out right now okay hey how
are you it's been so long
give me a hug come over here how you
doing hey nice to see you I hate you
number four sometimes when we're drunk
we say things that we shouldn't say
sometimes we say those things through
text messages sometimes we wake up in
the morning look at our phone and think
oh my god I texted my ex-boyfriend and
sex did my boyfriend or vice versa it's
best to us and then what's annoying is
people respond for drunk texts by saying
hey are you okay maybe we should talk
and the most annoying is when they
respond all cocky feeling special like
lol miss me a like sweetheart no okay I
had a few drinks at the bar her to
Rihanna song got horny I did not text
you vodka did what up t-shirt reference
so calm your panties okay my honestly
what are you so excited about I made a
series of bad decisions that night and
you were one of them by II when you're
with someone like your mom or your
boyfriend and then some dingus comes up
to you and totally doesn't read the
situation as always hey oh my god so did
you end up getting that cute guy's
number from last night and so then you
instantly try communicating with them
through your eyes and somehow you shoot
them in the face with your eyeballs
something like our girls you have a
hangover this morning good oh my god I
had the best picture of you and that hot
guy from last night
what hey girl you want to study tonight
like we can't fail like last time what
are you talking about
like Hello are you crazy what's wrong
with you in my opinion the solution is
to create an even more awkward situation
to cover up the first awkward situation
my suggestion is to punch the person on
the face straight up they come up to you
say something awful to say Oh possible
excuses to make for punching them
include oh my god I'm so sorry oh I
thought you were someone else
Oh are we not playing that game anymore
oh my I thought you were a bear or
asking them an even more awkward
question feel free to make it up
wait wait before that what did the
pregnancy test a girl hold on who bailed
you out girl forget about that tummy
did the cream work and that's it for now
if you have your own awkward situations
please feel free to comment them below
and I will respond to the most
awkwardest ones make sure you rate
comment and click that subscribe button
because I do make new videos every
Monday and Thursday I'll also put the
subscribe button right here and you just
click that and in the meantime as
promised I'll do something sexy for you
I'm thanks for watching me ASAP one love
superwoman that is a wrap and zip okay
what you wouldn't be a for the rock
everyone would be a for the rock
okay I swear that I changed my name to
scissors if it meant the rock was gonna
slam me okay I'm given F Oh doc no
expired
