what everyone it's your girl superwoman
and this right here this right here is
probably one of the most requested
videos of all time what I look for in a
guy and I'm not sure if that's because
you pervs want to get in my pants but if
that's the case let me just tell you
that I eat a lot of pizza okay so my
thighs already take up a lot of my pants
you know what I mean
so there's definitely no room for you my
friend like I'm telling you I'm telling
I made this oil right not if I eat this
order my buttons gonna pop but I'm naked
oil I'm just kidding I wear boys jeans
there's plenty of room I'm just not a
slut unless it's for Dwayne Johnson well
okay what you wouldn't be a slut for the
rock everyone would be a slut for the
rock okay I swear to God I changed my
name to scissors if it meant the rock
was gonna slam me okay I don't give an F
and before I begin let me just emphasize
that this list is specific to me supalen
Lily okay might not apply to all other
girls because believe it or not
somewhere out there there are normal
girls who just would have a list that
says like roses chocolate
yeah hugs and kisses but me nah ah also
this list is in no particular order of
importance now without further ado here
we go
what I look for in a guy number one all
right that's a wrap
thanks for watching just kidding but let
me just say let me just say this dude
got kicked out of Saudi Arabia for being
too handsome don't have he got deported
for being too sexy I'm over here getting
hit on by Billy Bob Joel the gas station
man's are getting kicked out of
countries for being too hot I swear to
god don't even talk to me if you're not
getting deported out of countries for
being too handsome because now that I
know this is possible this is my new
standard just so mad with my life
choices so far okay obviously I'm
obligated to say that I'm just kidding
no real talk so man I'm really not that
superficial but I'm also known for those
people that lies and says looks don't
matter at all because on your lying they
do but having said that truthfully I
don't think anyone is ugly I'm not
saying I need some knives like a 6-pack
with a chiseled jaw and flawless skin no
I just want a guy who puts effort into
looking the best he can look like when
you need to you should be able to look
damn fine and obviously not
for me for you number two confidence God
confidence cheer me when I say a guy can
all wear anything sexier than a layer of
confidence and cannot reveal them
sometimes I do find myself attracted to
douchebags and I'm like Lily Daphne and
then of course guys always have those
lines that oh all the noise guys get
friends on girls just love douchebags
oh no maybe we don't actually like bags
full of douche
we like the confidence that that bag for
me douche has Nick our friend in the
friend zone showed some confidence maybe
he'd be in the end zone ready to score
if you know what I mean I mean for
example let's look at thousand okay he's
an effort by us when he steps into a
room everybody knows it's him
but at the same time he's a monster he's
horrendous he's such a douchebag
I mean his eyebrows look like a Oompa
Loompa got run over by a truck on his
face okay he bullies nice guys like
Mario and Luigi all the time he
kidnapped peach but what I gave him uh
yeah hell yeah I would date date date
date date date date date date I did it
all over him I'm Bowser oh my god just
cook it up let you out yes Jessica lives
in my moves
now you know you ever been somewhere and
you see a guy you're not really
attracted to him so you're like hey and
but then for some reason you have to hug
him because either you get introduced or
something happens so you hug him and he
smells like what dreams are made of and
suddenly he's so much more sexy yeah
that I need a guy who smells like a
minty miracle okay you know acts
commercials with all I got this X that X
right there is crucial for you to not
become my ex if you wants to be my g-man
then you gots to smell like my dream and
he smells like mint fresh man from
Sparta that doesn't sweat but that's
just really thick you're sweating Ryan
Gosling and John Abraham and it's been
put into a sentence
who's the talking boo ball the biggest
lie ever told in this world by anyone to
anyone is that girls are the only
dramatic ones in a relationship no no
because guys can be equally as dramatic
and
for one and not down I know we got time
for that I want a simple straightforward
guy okay are you upset
yes No if so tell me why in three
sentences or less a mindset oh okay I'm
let me tell you why
let's talk about it for five minutes and
then move on I mean there are movies we
could be watching her places we could be
going there our next you could be
kissing what I'm said that so I'm just
not down to be all dramatic and
emotional I mean let's yell at each
other okay calm each other some names
and then piece it out and laugh like
homies five minutes later but if you
can't do that you're gonna y'all Taylor
Swift on me every time we argue well
then when we use trouble oh hello hey
Kim ladies let me know this is just me I
find it super attractive if a guy not
only does sweet things for me but acts
sweet towards people I care about like
okay guy does something sweet for me of
course I'm like oh okay thanks yeah whoo
but if a guy does something sweet for
like my parents or like my close friend
so I can't even hear your sis that
Lily's up with a party in my pants yes
that so hot six I totally get in respect
that sometimes guys they want to act
macho Kay they want to feel like a man
and in control and powerfully not cool
do your thing but sometimes if I want to
pay for a dinner or treat you or take
you out I don't need you to turn your
testosterone on full-blast I do not want
a guy who's all like oh I will never let
a girl pay for me row row row like
homeboy I pulled out my credit card okay
not a machete why are your balls on the
floor just relax because I am an effin
box okay I'm an independent woman I am
strong and I'm more than capable to take
care of myself need be so that terrifies
you darling okay then stop saying you
want a real woman because you can't
handle one what you want is a fake
fragile girl that could break in that
case the blow-up doll you had is just
fine
Fallon wait wait did your brain
automatically put 11 after thousand
seven eleven you're racist okay this is
gonna sound really deranged weird and
effed up but like everything else
I say I'm gonna say it anyways cool cool
I want a man who acts like he doesn't
want me I better say tomorrow okay wait
wait wait before you call a shrink on me
just wait dr. Phil shut the F up okay
Frasier
bite down okay let me explain I crave
things I cannot have for example right
now I really want a white chocolate
brownie why because the restaurant is
closed and because it's closed I wanted
even more if I want a guy I find
extremely attractive if he plays hard to
get to a certain extent I say certain
extent because that doesn't mean I come
up and talk to you you ignore me and
then go make out with my best friend I
know I want it to be a challenge to
obtain you give me some chase maybe okay
I don't want things to be so easy you
don't like slut guess what
neither do I and finale's and that's
pretty much it let's be real is probably
50,000 other things on the list that I
can't remember right now because my head
is floating the head is forming can you
give me a hug and kiss because my hair
is voting but ladies if you agree with
my list and fellas if you like my list
make sure you click the links in the
description to share this video make
sure you rate comment and click that
subscribe button because I do make new
videos every Monday and Thursday well I
love superwoman that is a wrap and you
what everyone it's your girl superwoman
and today is super Polly me Mom I'm
making a video can't you knock I'm not
your head okay but it's my slipper like
a witch slippers my sleep but my sleep
but you just when I say descriptive
right now I'm asking you witch
