what everyone's a girl superwoman look
at that nail it's not done and the rest
are Sh'ma so you don't really seem to
enjoy the annoying people blank blank
blank type video so you know what I
decide to give you one more you know why
cuz I'm a giver you know that's what I
do and if you don't like them then
thanks for being here anyways so hello
hi how you doing welcome to annoying
people on the telly poor there any
believe you got a buddy
dippy hola everyone who's not brown say
well and you know I got to start off
with the telemarketers okay here's the
thing about telemarketers they annoy the
bejeebies out of me at the same time
like I feel bad for them I knows their
job I used to work at a call center you
know I know what it feels like before I
continue I don't know if you've noticed
but this hair is just not gonna
cooperate just gonna keep falling just
like that
what up your whiskers just deal with it
yeah huh-huh
semen here's the thing I'll be super
busy doing ten thousand things the phone
will ring I'll answer it and it's as if
while the phone was ringing the
telemarketer was like because the second
I answer it's like hi there my name is
Jessica I'm calling on behalf of 30
maybe matrimonial services where your
future wedding is our current paycheck
I'm very excited to tell you about our
new fall promotion that is only valid
for the next five minutes receive an
amazing eighty percent off your next
nerd proposal with the purchase of one
blind date like what I can't even get a
word in because this girl is so on a
roll I can't even interrupt her like I
have a better chance getting into a busy
intersection in India than I do getting
into this conversation what if I'm
married you're calling tell me about
window cleaning what if I live in a
basement you're trying to get me to
subscribe to your magazine what some
blonde oh just a 1.15 percent of our
couples and a pack we married and the
other 85% we can't disclose because of
confidential I'd be happy to send you a
free DVD in the mail like I don't want
to be rude by nobody got time for this
right now so now I'm thinking what do i
do I don't want to be rude how do I get
off the phone I don't know that's where
or you're right now and we'll throw in a
free bottle of pepper spray for your
comfort and safety and did you feel that
I have to poop I'll call you back bye
yeah but honestly worse than the people
who call you are the people you call
customer service phone representatives
anywhere the other day I had to call my
bank for some information and the person
answered was just so fake and I don't
know about you but I feel really
uncomfortable and I feel like someone is
being overly nice to me for no reason I
was like hey are you hello miss this
thing I am fantastic on this fine day
thank you so much for asking me that
question
what like I suddenly feel in danger like
you're probably a perfectly normal
person just doing your job
but right now in my head this is what I
see yeah I just want to transfer some
money from my checking into my savings
account yes miss thing I can definitely
help you with this task I can definitely
do this transfer for you missing how
much would you like to transfer into
your savings account five hundred please
okay miss thing I can definitely chance
for 500 hundred checking's into your
savings account missing just to confirm
I'm going to transfer five hundred from
your checking into your savings account
correct
yep that's all go gave missing I have
transferred five hundred from your
checking into your savings account
savings 4s like sexy a like equity V
like a vector I like an igloo and like a
Nancy G like 8's like spicy check your
bank great thanks give missing us than
anything else I may be able to assist
you with this
uh actually oh you know actually my bank
card is cracking you think you sent me
another one we'll get in this thing I am
saddened to hear this terrible news
about your cracking guard I can
definitely send you a new guard like
you're terribly sorry why I'm terribly
sorry I said my bank card is cracking
not my kid is a crackhead you're weird
okay bye-bye
whoo let's move on to people who text a
sentence one word at a time like clearly
you have free texting my friend because
it's like how send are send you send
question marks and smiley face saying
what the f are you doing like do your
fingers have diarrhea I don't get it
your pepto-bismol that is pepto
pepto-bismol
puck puck dough business my god what is
that medicine called like my phone is
vibrating as if someone is dying and I
want to in a panic it's just you ask me
how I am like heaven forbid you ever
texted me a story
and then we all have those friends that
just won't shut up even though it's very
evident we cannot speak right now I
answer all like hey what's up yo what
are you seeing
yeah I'm just a bit busy boy what's up
what are you doing yo talk to me how is
your day like are you not picking up on
my tone and sometimes you couldn't even
indicate that you want to leave but they
won't care
yeah listen here I should really get
back to work though your oh my god did I
tell you what happened yesterday hey let
me talk to you later okay my mom's
waiting outside okay cool
yo how's your mom doing anyways man tell
me about the fam who you I say people
who leave juiceless voicemails your
chase this is for you though if you call
me and I don't answer my phone will let
me know I missed a call like I already
know that information it will say missed
call from Billy Bob Joe and then I
listen to my voicemail and it's like hi
this is Billy Bob Joe a call call me
back somebody please give this man a
Nobel Peace Prize for his outstanding
achievement why do you waste my life and
then there's people who do the exact
opposite mostly uncles and aunties who
will leave you too much information in a
voicemail like sometimes my dad will
leave me voicemail okay my dad I speak
to my dad on the phone almost every
single day but he will leave me a
voicemail like this hello Lynn this dad
calling today Thursday 237 p.m. call me
back number six four seven two three
four six nine to seven number six four
seven two three four six nine to seven
okay thank you dad why clearly I have
your number in my phone it tells me the
day in time you called dad waha and can
I be real for a second okay it's 2013
Sam y'all need to grow up with your
voicemail greetings because when I call
you I expect to hear that big greeting
that's all hi you've reached the
voicemail of Elise sorry I missed your
call but leave me a message and I'll
call you back
have a great day
I expect that I call some of you and
it's like I'm sorry I remember calling
Prabhudeva and now I'm distracted it
wins a lot I have no idea what I was
gonna say damn in this and then call me
back and sometimes to be honest I just
ain't in the mood to listen to your song
because it doesn't match what I'm
feeling at that moment I'll be sitting
there with a broken leg in so much pain
trying to call you for help but it's
like hey you hear make you get in fuck
that
McCarron gentleman oh fuck what's up but
the people who take the cake are those
people who still have not reached the
era a voicemail technology like what are
you so busy doing playing with your
beeper and pager you've reached the
voicemail of me like who did I just call
I don't know for sure what if I mix up
the names am i leaving a message for my
dad oh my boyfriend what if it's my dad
not being a booty call message I just
don't know because you haven't reassured
me and yeah that's pretty much it
there's many other annoying things
people do on the phone and if you think
of any please feel free to comment below
and let me know it is for me then yeah
there's DVD for you in the mail okay I'm
recording something make sure you rate
click that thumbs up comment below and
click that subscribe button because I do
make new videos every Monday and
Thursday what love superwoman and look
these types of friends we all have them
it's like your lips are magnets
I have buns of steel okay and they are
just suctioned and stuck to my butt
crack sucking out my blood forever hello
hi my name is Jessica I'm calling from
1380 matrimonial services
