what everyone it's your girl superwoman
and today I burped a rainbow out of my
mouth which means one thing it's super
Thursday rainbow I'm attractive and I
asked you guys what do your faces want
to see in a lot you said types are
friends so you know me I'm a pushes come
true I'm not a genie in a bottle rub the
bottle
rub the pot rub the bottom welcome two
types of friends
aka how walruses are born number one
delete these types of friends we all
have the my sector lips are magnets I
have buns of steel okay and they are
just suctioned and stuck to my butt
crack sucking out my blood forever oh
there's a party tonight it starts at
9:00 and it's 8:30 right okay three two
one Wrigley hey everyone how are you can
I get a ride alright can I get a ride
you know my riders arrived as if I'm
here and you're right here and we have
to go there to a similar destination
meaning you just come along for the ride
our ride is not I'm here you're over
there our destinations over there
because this is not a ride this is a
service for example a roller coaster is
a ride and the last time I was on a
roller coaster I don't remember it D
railing off the track okay swerving
through the city stopping at red lights
okay going the speed limit to pick up
your blood clot at the movies
yo yo can you spot me who can I borrow
20 bucks you wanna borrow some money you
offer you buy or you gonna pay me back
you don't pay me back you pay me back
nothing like I don't get am I your mom
am I your guardian look I don't get how
you exist as a human being if you could
not take care of yourself like honestly
if you ain't got seven dollars for a
movie maybe you should not be watching
Jurassic Park 3d in theaters today the
give you should be home watching Land
Before Time in 24 parts on YouTube and I
hope that each of those 24 parts has a
three-minute add that you cannot skip in
fact I hope that ad is about Jurassic
Park 3d ask yourself number G the SPS
aka
this is your panty sensitive SOS from
the ass yes it's like a black cat
eight a broken mirror on Friday 13 and
then you were born hey are you my
boyfriend never understand how are you
my parent I did stupid no Penta
he has good school workers just I mean
I'll be real with you I've had some wild
nights okay but I don't ever recall
giving my phone number to the effing
grudge so I cannot understand how I'm in
this horror movie hello hello goes up
let's check your face okay silence is
effin golden what up t-shirt reference
we're sorry we're sorry we're there
Nereus honestly it's like you have a
contract with vodka and you get paid
every time you produce an alcoholic
two-month bitch like honestly as your
friend get it together okay because you
have so many problems that every time
you call me I feel like I need to bust
out a calculator and a protractor just
listen to you girl if we need to bust
out the Pythagorean theorem to solve
your issues there's a problem okay
let's be real Pythagoras probably broke
up with you last night
number three the bad drunk it have you
ever seen one of your really hot friends
transform into Johnny Weaver or even
like Reverend Lovejoy into Pauly D it's
happened disgusting we all have that one
friend who's super cool to chill with
until a rum and coke touches their tub
this could go two ways I mean if this
friend is a guy usually he's probably
really really cool you chill out with
him you have a good time but when he's
drunk yeah you're gonna wish you could
take your boobies off and put them in
your pocket because he's looking right
at them
whoa he's creepy and uncomfortable and
somehow he is Facebook poking you in
person with his eyes all up in your
personal space and just looking at you
like a creepy uncle the drunken smile
the hope you know what I'm talking about
if this friend is a girl chances are
she's normally very reserved respectable
very very nice proper girl but after one
to kill a shot this girl is a hot even
mess on a normal day this girl couldn't
touch her tolling but she be in the club
right now doing the spray
drunkard gymnast up with her and you
know it's not such a great fine I'll be
all concern for her so I spent my whole
night looking for her drunken self you
know checking the usual spots the
washroom stalls the dumpster behind the
club you know things are really bad you
actually have to interrupt two people
making out and be like sorry hi excuse
me I just want to know you know my
friend is not because you think they see
her but because their tongue might be in
her mouth right now it's just like oh no
no I'll be sorry have a great time whoa
hello no okay
no girl Danny what I've been looking for
girl the tub is closed okay I been
looking for you since Saturday like
control you're all gone don't put that
issue on your friends if I look at you
and I go how many fingers am i holding
up and you say the Olympic logo then you
drop number whore fake the bends oh so I
told you my biggest darkest secret and I
only told you but now somehow everyone
knows but you promised you didn't tell
anyone okay Oh oh my god okay that makes
so much sense you didn't know he was my
boyfriend when you put your booty on his
peepee okay okay something's wrong with
your phone so you didn't get any of my
calls
okay okay that makes so much sense okay
so you invited me to your party in your
dream and then you got confused in real
life okay
thank God so your tweet about your
annoying friends who make youtube videos
wasn't about me
squirt god this was new girls I would
Lindsay Lohan your blood cuts up number
five special guests we all have those
friend that we don't talk to every day
how are they I have no idea
are they seeing anyone no clue what
colors their hair not the slightest idea
and we rarely see them but when they do
call you your heart fills with
jellybeans and you get so happy and if
you ever need them they will come
running and if they ever need you you
won't be there
they hold such a special place in your
heart you might as well call them Jack
cause baby you ain't ever letting me get
it Jack and rosy rose flower
Lily was that the Titanic sorry sorry my
brain farted a rainbow
number six the tard aka me the friend
who is always late ladies free before
11:00 at the club or girlfriend you know
I'm jumping in the shower at 10:45 so
get your $20
is ready you'll be waiting for me an
answer from God I told you because I was
driving not because I'll sitting at home
try to get my eyeliner even girlfriend
I'm always late ok if I was a period
you'd all be pregnant number seven the
Kondik we all have that one friend whose
parents are just a little bit crazy and
hella strict and for some reason all of
us have to suffer you don't have talking
book you know I'm talking what we're all
chilling laughing have a good time then
all of a sudden okay guys my mom shush
she's anything gosh okay enhancer don't
do anything bad okay hello and then of
course we have that one douchebag friend
that's gonna be like vagina yeah mom and
then they're gonna orchestrate some huge
line yeah mom I'm just at Jessica's
house um we're just about to have dinner
right now with her parents like honestly
what are we doing that's so bad that you
cannot tell your parents okay we're
sitting together girls and guys no one
touching anyone we're eating Pringles
and drinking diet coke
we're oh and then we walk into the party
three minutes later you'll see her in
the corner texting her mom because her
parents want her to come home and then
we all have to leave early to drop her
off cuz we're her ride please refer to
friend type number one and then we drop
her home we have to stop at the end of
the street let out all the boys in the
car so they can freeze outside drive up
to her house okay because her parents
are watching through the window and
she's not allowed to talk to boys and
then even still when we drop her off her
crazy parents will come outside to see
who's in the car uncle G's approaching
me I'm stressing pulling down my mini
skirt okay trying to practice Punjabi
because I'm stressed like why this is
not the money but honey la Jenny okay
just let your daughter on the train
already yeah and honestly let's just say
that this is types of friends part one
if you enjoyed it make sure you click
the link in the description to share the
video because share being is
make sure you also rage click thumbs up
comments type something pretty and click
that subscribe button because I do make
new videos every Monday and every
Thursday one love superwoman that is a
wrap and Zoop ie it's me again as per
usual you can click here to watch my
last video and you can click here to
watch my new vlog that's on my second
channel hope you liked the video and I
hope you have a great date morning night
afternoon whatever because you're a
sweetheart and I love you
