what if everyone it's a girl superwoman
okay so I almost never do videos that
are covering reviewing or reacting to
any type of tragedy attack war violent
episode anything simply because so many
unfortunately so many happen all over
the world every day and I personally
don't feel right picking and choosing
which ones to highlight it's just my one
love philosophy so I usually never do
that having said that this video is not
to highlight or emphasize any one
tragedy and make it seem more important
than any other tragedy yes it was
inspired by today's events that happened
in Boston but it's not particularly
about that event it's more so just what
observation of how people tend to react
to tragedies that I think is really
effing ignorant and so welcome to
annoying people after a tragedy number
one when a tragedy happens of any type
and people want to go on about why does
this tragedy matter when things like
this happen all around the world all the
time
rah rah rah I cannot stand that
mentality for example today many people
posted statuses I said you know my
thoughts and prayers are with the
families and injured and people who lost
their lives in Boston okay and then
these people will come on comment saying
oh why does Boston matter
Boston shouldn't matter when this
happens here and here every day what
about these people why do you care about
Boston like are you seriously taking
away someone's right to grieve about
something that's like me saying oh you
know your mom died well you know what it
doesn't matter because people's moms die
all the time every day around the world
what you cannot compare people's lives
in people's deaths like everyone is
loved by people and when is attached to
people if someone dies whether it's in
Boston Iraq India after no matter where
it is it's gonna hurt someone grieving
for someone in Boston is not meant to
take away from the importance of other
people who are dying in the world and to
be honest it's actually quite
hypocritical and again I'll use today as
an example you want to hate on people
because you think they're only focusing
on deaths that happened in a first world
country okay you know that happened in
the United States and you're claiming
they don't care about deaths that happen
all around the world in third world
countries or wherever it may be when
really I'm pretty sure you never post a
status any other day about any other
tragedy again are we to generalize but
most times it's the case the only time
you'll ever post about these things is
when you want to devalue someone's
grieving and when you feel to be
annoying under someone status I mean
aside from right now you say oh why does
this matter when other people are going
around the world what have you done to
help those people dying around the world
not to generalize but most cases you
people have done nothing I feel like you
just think making a comment like that is
gonna make you appear to be you know
well-rounded or humanitarian when really
you're just being ignorant stop that ish
and these are the same people that came
out and did this on Michael Jackson
diagram Whitney Houston died you know
when there's a Batman shooting let
people grieve about the things they want
to greem about number 2 okay this one's
a little bit personal to me so I hope I
don't come across you know making this
video about me but from a youtubers
perspective today and on many other days
when such a terrible tragedy occurs I
will say what would you like to see in
today's video or if it's a Monday and
Thursday you know I'm gonna post a video
and there will be people that say you're
so disrespectful
how dirty posting video today or why you
asking this question there's been a
tragedy and two people who say that I
want to ask did you go to work today
and are you gonna go to work tomorrow
morning because for many youtubers
entertainers and people who do similar
things to what I do this is our job and
furthermore I'm an entertainer okay my
passion is to make people laugh and
smile and I personally in times of
heartache that works really well me
uploading a video is not a reflection of
me not caring about a tragedy and to be
honest with that mentality like I said
earlier unfortunately it breaks my heart
to say but there's tragedies that happen
every day around the world in fact if
you look back at all the videos I've
ever posted if you google it I'm sure
tragedy has occurred somewhere in the
world every single day I've ever posted
video and like I said in times of
heartache when people are upset I feel
like laughing and smiling making people
laugh and smile is not a bad thing so
please don't tell me because I'm doing
my job something I am passionate about
that I am disrespecting a tragedy not
caring about something because I'm
posting a video because if that is the
case please call in sick from work for
the rest of your life
number three y'all know I'm really
straight up right I don't really
sugarcoat things I'm straight to the
point I do real talk this one is people
who deal with a tragedy by blaming
Muslim people
I cannot stand you I feel like anything
in the world can happen a bomb can go up
here or someone can get killed here and
all of a sudden people are here
Muslims are people who they think are
Muslims a bomb goes off in Boston all of
a sudden Muslims is trending on Twitter
and you know I read the trend I read a
lot of the tweets and I'm happy so happy
to see that a lot of them were positive
and in support of Muslim people of
course there are some ignorant people
who are just jumping to uneducated
conclusions and I'm just like how do you
exist how your lungs handle the capacity
of oxygen that are going into them
because your lungs are stupid yeah your
lungs are stupid
that's my educated response to that you
know what after your ignorance okay my
Muslim brothers and sisters in fact my
brothers and sisters no matter what race
religion culture country anything you're
from if any was bothering you please
come to unicorn Island where we reside
because there's no judgments there we
can have a party and bake cookies okay
because ignorance does not exist there
if anyone's bothering you honestly just
it but I am just not down with the
Muslim hating ignorance like just give
it a rest and on a final note I want to
say this is just in general you can
apply this to any situation particularly
I'm going to apply to this situation and
that is you cannot force people to fight
the battles you find are important I
might explain to you why I'm saying that
when things like this happen I guess so
many people messaging me saying make
your video about this not even asking me
demanding me to make a video about this
make a video about this war and this
genocide and racism and all that stuff
and this is my answer to that
respectfully I am Who I am because the
experiences I've gone through so if you
were to ask me what issues are really
really close to my heart naturally their
issue that I've personally gone through
so I would say depression spirituality
those are things I connect with that
doesn't mean I don't care about racism
or don't care about war or hunger or
violence or genocide that doesn't mean
that but that just means that I
personally connect with other issues
more and to be honest I think that's
natural if you have gone through racism
in your life naturally you want to fight
racism if you grew up in a country that
you know was dealing with war naturally
you would be more connected to that
issue and don't get me wrong don't know
I'm not saying that because you have an
experienced hunger and war that you
shouldn't care and help these people I'm
not saying that I'm simply explaining
why people connect to certain issues
more and may fight for issues that
you're kind of like well why you're
fighting for this and all this so I'm
gonna conclude by saying that if you
support a social issue more power to you
but you can't hate on people for not
supporting and fighting the same battles
that you believe it because you know
what baby I'm pretty
your YouTube homepage also has an upload
button and I'll say that's it I'm sorry
I know this wasn't funny I just really
wanted to speak out and say something
because it really bothers me that one
does a tragedy people seem to fall apart
and start hating each other when really
it should bring us closer together I
mean we're all people here yeah okay you
know maybe we can't build a time machine
go back in time and save those people's
lives maybe we don't have the ability
because we're across the world to
physically be there for those people but
the least we could do is try to not be
ignorant trying to be there for each
other and sort of commenting on statuses
and saying all this you know
contradictory stuff why don't we just
hug each other I'm just trying to make
the world hug each other
so no one is cold and yes I want to end
by saying my thoughts and prayers are
with anyone anywhere in the world who's
ever lost a loved one to hate and crime
and violence I can't even imagine what
that must be like you know what there's
so many other natural ways you can die
by disease old age all that stuff and
people to die because of hate crimes and
violence and war I can't even imagine
how heartbreaking that is so to anyone
who's ever lost a loved one in general
but specifically to hate crimes more my
thoughts and prayers are with you we as
the human population are here to support
you if you're wheels on saying please
share the video there's a link in the
description share the video or if you
don't want to share the video don't do
it just hug someone
and lastly nothing in this video was
meant to offend anyone I would not want
to offend anyone I'm just trying to make
the world a better place in my own way
this is my two cents I'd love to know
what you think comment below but let's
try to keep it you know friendly and
nice and not you know kind of thing
right calm and click Subscribe I do make
new videos every Monday and Thursday
thank you for listening to my little
rant um I'll be funny again in my next
video okay one love superwoman that is a
wrap love you very very very much
and you and then the second person wants
to make it a point by writing up the
first person's body okay who episode are
doing that in the end either
