what everyone it's your girl superwoman
first off since you're all my brothers
and sisters bodies and Fannie's and as
an akka
but as and sister let me wish you a
happy siblings day because we all have
familia so what Huggy can see everything
back on bum and as a present to you on
this very special day you know what I'll
dance at the end of this video is that
again I'm not really sure you can decide
you know how to a lot of driving you
know who else is there people you know
what they are annoying so welcome to
annoying people on the road let's start
with possibly the most annoying people
on the road where are they hello hard
where are they
yeah the right beside you are annoying
friends who ask us for rides all the
time because they don't have a license
they don't have a car they're alcoholics
sometimes do all three I'm sorry what's
going really really sick okay right
that's what I thought okay so my
initials are LS okay so my initials
aren't DD okay yeah if you're drunk self
has money for shots
you're drunk self can have money for a
cab okay let's be honest man once or
twice I don't mind giving you a ride I
am nice person I give you a helping hand
but if you're filling out a form and
under a dress you can write Lily's car
he needs to check yourself on top of
that you wanna sit in my vehicle right
here and as I'm driving just like this
you you wanna switch my music and switch
the radio station dot ain't nobody
switching my music when I'm giving you a
ride okay because I Jam into my song
not just somebody that I used to
bangerang
great now the song is about two friends
with benefits who no longer speak thanks
for ruining it I bagged and your boo top
it Ted bangle pattern and then on top of
that you want to leave all your ish in
my car I don't get it I feel like every
time I give someone a ride okay
they get up and there's like ten pieces
of Turkey on their seat like I don't get
it I don't
crapping out use tissues I don't even
understand where this garbage is coming
we didn't even go to McDonald's but
there's a Big Mac wrapper on the floor I
go I don't I don't understand and number
issues all been my cup holders like how
am I supposed to be drinking Pepsi
I ordered fantasy where I'm putting the
Pepsi my cup holders full of good
nonsense when I'm going to put a Pepsi
on my head cup holders is for my cup
okay not for Kit Kat wrapper okay Benji
please you take your garbage and put in
your own cup okay
ain't none wrong with egg or gross
Arthur - I'm a calm person you know the
most part I'd be riding my unicorn down
the road I like Ellen and I know and to
like a pack full of Skittles all happy
but sometimes things frustrating for
example maybe I'm driving and there's an
accident in my lane and I have to switch
lane so I signal and the first person
doesn't want to let me in okay you know
what fine I'm still waiting and then the
second person wants to make it a point
by riding up the first person's body
okay to emphasize that you ain't letting
me in either that's why you know I'm
getting a little bit irritated but I'm
still just like and then the third
person wants to do the same and now I'm
just pissed off and by the fourth person
I turned from calm into chaos okay I
turn from Alicia Keys into Nicki Minaj
I'm go from no one will get in the way
of how Finland - what a pair style
reference you're else annoys me when I'm
super nice and I'm an angel and I'm just
driving in someone's indicating to
switch lanes Oh Michael go right ahead
but they just chilling in that Lane with
their indicator blinking like dumb ass
man either get in my lane or turn off
your signal okay stop toying with my
emotions swear to God and I'm the one
time I actually offer to let a guy in
and he's going ignore me
no sexy times with me in my area there
are left turn lanes longer than Kim
Kardashian's wedding okay so when we get
an advance green left turn signal it's a
blessing and just in case you don't know
that is an advanced green means that you
can ignore everything because there's no
other traffic and you can make a left
turn without fear but can I be honest
with you I feel like every time I'm
waiting and I see up ahead the best
signal is turn to advance green
I feel like twenty seconds goes by
before the person in front
besides to the booty like what the f are
you waiting for you're ruining the
advance left turn signal but what is
confusing is a green arrow telling you
exactly where to go like I don't get it
what are you doing it's like you see the
signal okay perfect time for me to play
with the radio adjust my mirror up in
your tweet something scratch my butt
crack like I don't get it just make the
left turn I mean the signal only lasts
30 seconds and because of you only 2
cars made a left turn congratulations
you found driving I swear to God just
know and anyone you know gets divorced
it's probably because if you let the
railgun be after wedding ok doing
everything construction oh my god hi
hello please slap yourself like I don't
get it there's a pothole in that lane
over there so that you know these six
lanes have to be blocked so they can fix
that pothole honestly this is why the
world needs to be an iPhone game you
know what
because friggin in Temple Run half the
road is missing but I'm still running
100 kilometers now around that ish
upgrade yourself world selfish the only
reason I don't run over the construction
men is because I know you contribute to
the calendar industry ok and I like
calendars you lucky people who park
crooked hi
take a bit take a seat let's do some
talking your parking need braces
straighten that a shell because you fart
crooked and now I have to fart cook it
and now every car in this line has to
park crooked everything is crooked
nothing is straight it's like an episode
of Glee and lastly this one is to the
boys at the boom in system top down AC
with the coolness system hi hello how
are you the boys will have their music
blasting ok base out of this world no
matter how cold is I'll side windows
down hitting on every girl at a red
light I had a serious question for you
ok what are you trying to accomplish at
this red light like we're both stopped
at this red light you're hollering all
types of issue
what exactly do you think is gonna go
down right now like most of you can't
get girls after a whole night of
clubbing but you think in this 30
seconds somehow you won't get a piece of
this like what do you think is gonna
happened you're gonna honk I'm gonna
roll down my window you're gonna drop
some pickup line I'll be like okay well
has a car okay honk check check off
that's heavy material put my car into
park hop on into your car and friggin
make out with you and let you touch my
body while my car is getting towed
mmm-hmm don't be making a wedding speech
saying I met my husband at a red light
I mean honestly don't you have any class
at least wait for like a train crossing
or an accident so you can actually get
to know me God and that's it I'm done
okay cool
if you like this video make sure you
rate comment and click that subscribe
button because hey I make new videos
every Monday and Thursday so why don't
you just join me also if you like this
video click the link in the description
to share on Facebook because that's a
nice thing to do and I think you should
do it have a good night morning
afternoon evening wherever you are I
love you thank you so much for your love
and support because you you the best one
love superwoman that is a wrap end
and my
I find it so damn I like your food from
the Head & Shoulders commercial you got
competition I am coming for you son
