whatever when it's a girl superwoman hi
hello what's going on I know it's Monday
and usually I post a sketch skit a rant
something of that nature
but I'm discovering more and more that
it's really really hard to post not only
for court and in post videos while
traveling and there's only so much that
I can do in advance only so many videos
I can pre record so if I'm gone for like
a week and a week and a half that's two
three videos I have to do in advance
which is really really difficult but I
didn't want to disappoint you not post
something so I decided to post a vlog
type video and I know it's not like as
cool and funny as my other videos but I
hope you still like it because it's
still to work and effort me back is
really itchy and it was editing and
scratching me back like like that I was
doing that um anyways I'm in New York
and this is my hotel room isn't so cool
swag um so I supposed to give you a
personal apology that I'm sorry it's not
like my usual videos but I still love
you and if you do like this type of
video vlog I do have a second channel
called my blog channel which I upload
things like this and if you want to
check out more of my blogs you can click
there and check them out
sorry I'll be back on Thursday with my
normal videos and when I get home I
promise i pinkie promise I'm gonna think
of a way to stick to my schedule
even if I'm traveling because I don't
like disappointing you and going back on
my word because he deserves better than
that you deserve it's not baby baby it's
not you it's me
it's me it's me and my voice is gone and
I look like crap that's okay
got my falafel and rice over there I
love you so much please don't be angry
and I love you so if you could comment
back saying that you love me too
I'm scratching my back again yeah get me
scratching me back but I promise I'm
doing it I love you one love superwoman
that is a wrap check out my blog eevblog
because you know and we can jump in the
bed in the meantime okay I just people
they'll Bowl myself my eat whatever
one's a girl Superman I am in New Jersey
because I have no home but I'm on my way
to world's best bunker Roku gram
awesomesauce time and I've kind of got
my swag on a chaos - ladies I take my
braids else another clashes my hind
shirt this is Jackie in the dictionary
determines Wang this man's picture is
gonna be there just sayin just sayin on
the back we got some super woman
management you know how it is you know
holidays we can have a awesomesauce time
so welcome to New Jersey with Superman
stay tuned so we are on the stage
prepping doing my before performance
walk that I do when I'm meditating -
curtains are closed audiences there it's
filling up I'm pretty excited got my two
cards going over things I'm doing my
whole you're awesome this stage you're
gonna own it
we're gonna have a great time all that
matters is the audience I'm doing this
whole walk thing that I do my walk of
motivation yeah I'm so excited I'm so
pumped stay tuned
I'm gonna take you on stage too because
you know I love you I'm looking like a
little Wayne
crackle pop there's rice krispies
my mom never lets me jump on my bed so I
decided to do it in my hotel with shoes
because I just finished my gig finished
finish my gig and it went awesome
completion of gigs rate comment
subscribe
yeah baby whatup as per usual my voice
is pretty gone as I usually lose at
drinking side to scream and shout and an
awesome time thank you so much to
everyone who came to world's best friend
who was an awesome event I'm so sorry I
get so sad when I can't meet every
single person that comes I love you so
much don't I appreciate all the love and
support and my brother over there right
there you guys see me playing ball and
that's one of my favorite things to do
is jam with him whens playing door and
I'm jumping around congratulations to
all the teams whether you plays didn't
play it doesn't matter you did an
awesome job be proud of yourself
I am at Wrestle Mania big rock baby rock
baby I'm coming for you just smile with
the rock
we're all the way up there
