what if everyone is a girl superwoman
you know once upon my life I was
productive and I went to school and
honestly although it's been a few years
I will never forget the teachers that
took the time to educate me those
teachers that put in that little bit of
extra effort to help me succeed the
teachers that recognized my special
skills and encouraged me to succeed the
teachers who picked me up when I was
down and I didn't believe in myself but
most importantly I will never forget the
teachers who are not the effin crap out
of me you mister missus what's your face
guess who's on YouTube just kidding
no part of that was a joke pull me back
oh oh oh so sit back relax grab yourself
some popcorn and get ready to relate two
types of teachers at school disclaimer
this is not meant to generalize all
teachers or be offensive supermo does
not endorse making fun of teachers any
similarities between characters shown
and people in real life is purely
coincidental
no teachers were harmed in the making of
this video editing makes me hungry I
like to eat somewhere where some now
rainbows Oh
number one the lazy bum honestly this
teacher stopped being a teacher a long
damn time ago is usually found with a
fountain drink or eating snacks during
class nothing exciting nothing new not
ten educational unsymmetric education
was taste as homies class would be a
rice cake all right good morning class
hi I'll do it all right
today what we wanna do is we wanna read
chapter four okay when you're done
reading chapter four a listen here when
you're done reading chapter four you're
gonna make five five challenging
questions okay when you're done your
questions I want you swap with your
neighbor and mark each other's questions
you see after that I want to talk to
silent dream okay your homework make a
summary whatever your silent dream any
questions good and honestly any teacher
that just pure marking you see me I'm
gonna class with my ex-boyfriend five
girls will hate me and that kid over
there that I accidentally stepped on
okay no matter what my answers are imma
fail straight up the class could
function with or without the teacher
their teacher
teacher what about gum in my hair not
popular in front of I'm from shot
preparing for a real one
f10 teach I teach I wave on doing the
real world so pulled on me air one car
from it
hold up easy guy damn homie please don't
strain yourself in fact the next time
you go on strike I behold your damn sign
for you teacher I had a question about
this problem
oh my God thank you so much for
preparing me for the real world the next
time in a job interview
I'll silently read my way to success Jul
right here then smack down on you walk
number two the French Frizzle and this
is the French teacher in fact any second
language teacher
that's just hella strict for no damn
reason eat it miss me mister can I
please go to the bathroom
Oh frog say miss I swear to god call me
neo booking in right now cuz I'm about
to make an art attack on this floor
mangoes an oath Ross a simple plea oh
okay I'm sure the poop dawns on picky
toilet and honestly what the hell do you
want from me uh your crackdowns on
Pantaloon we uh gem poopsie in more
holder bum like fair make your boo talk
you want to play like that okay the next
time you want me to do an assignment why
don't you ask me that's in Punjabi and
honestly I think if you're gonna teach
me a second language K you should teach
me things that are important that will
help me if I was ever stranded in France
okay and I needed help I would have no
idea how to ask for it but ask me how to
order a pizza I'm a person and that form
Arabic champagne your merci beaucoup I
need help
someone's chasing me I'm dying not a
single clue a cop's gonna come up to me
be like yes Gaza and my response is
gonna be format Vonda dealer wazoo opt
for a vas a raccoon SOT Jenny say pawpaw
a booty jump appender shit way to go
education system do the vector F number
three the kid eater
story time a man at a dog went to the
park to go play catch with a stick
this woman was apparently standing too
close with a man threw the stick it's
somehow landed in her bum hole and she's
been horrendous
ever since you got a stick up your booty
this teachers just
right up rude and hates kids her life
goal is to embarrass her students y'all
stupid my name is Teddy okay I don't
take down from no one when I'm talking
you ain't talking when I'm talking you
ain't touch okay why'd you say you rule
you rule
you see me up here talking your mama did
teach you bad no she did because you
root you who like that at home okay you
rude like that at church is you room
like that's your boyfriend no and no one
who like that today boyfriend one what
because you want some Valentimes Pat me
on times raise your hand if you have a
down tongue yeah put your hands down
February 15th final exam okay maybe
y'all should study your books instead of
each other okay there you go
yet nasties and then in the middle is
the plot and so with shakes me just yo
Sandra go side drop you see me up here
talking Sandra I'm a pin telling you
something in you in the back text inside
room one more up here
Oh Santa you better pay attention to me
okay you hear me you got this wrong last
text okay you remember that test when
you fail when she found acid you
remember that signs up you know I been
20% on your test Sandra because your
phone battery on 20% cuz always using it
Sandra class on your thinks that Temple
Run go and pay the bills
well you think Angry Birds gonna pay the
rent sound to me up it tells you
something
Sandra
number four the cool cat this teacher
could be male or female but honestly
don't even matter because they're the
coolest teacher ever
they make learning fun and you can
relate to them alright class we'll check
it the reproductive system let me break
it down for you okay
Bianca sends jay-z attacks with Texas on
like tonight I wanna dance with you and
Beyonce gets excited her hormones start
releasing you're on me her body starts
reacting was she the only one cuz the
whole text back and is that give it to
me Oh give me that sweet that nasty that
good she's stuck and I'm JC's body
starts rapping everyone's rap t I was
getting excited beyond to text back I'm
feeling sexy I wanna hear you say my
name yeah and that's it jay-z's making
her grade he's making a red but here
making a raised dollar bills no no he's
making it rain oxytocin
so now I'm dizzy drinks that purple
drank beyonce brings the fire now you
got purple you got red what happens when
you mix those two together you get boo
Byam baby girl DNA class there you have
it okay it's not only up to Beyonce okay
jay-z also has the blueprint teaching
sex like a bow what t-shirt reference
number five a be teachers aka
autobiography teachers this teacher
teaches for about five minutes and then
turns the rest of the class into her
autobiography like hello my parents
emotionally scarred me enough at home
okay I need to come here and hear about
your dad problems the rice gets imported
from India class how many of you have
been tamed yeah yeah I've been to India
about it those five years ago I went to
India with my husband and that was
before we had kids as well you know a
lot of changes to go apart but when I
when I went to India's when I went to
India I remember I wrote a rickshaw a
rickshaw anyone been on a trick shots
basically a wooden car and a man on a
bicycle takes I was I was terrified of
the rickshaw and of the
but I you know my husband gave me his
hand and then I was a little bit less
scared you know but now it's just we
don't get to go to places like India so
so much anymore it's you know he's
always busy you know with work and the
drinking and I'm busy cheating I've got
my class students and the gambling so
look so do I have hair on my head okay
okay so I'm not a black man okay so I'm
not Maury
okay and honestly that's your husband
and your kids are on that damn exam shut
your face cuz I'm not gonna come in
tomorrow
let them look at the paper it's gonna be
asking me before importing and exporting
laws and that's an all I might be
thinking about is your damn family
matters so number six the weirdo this
teacher just appears to be crazy he can
just see the crazy in their eyes
you ain't sharp you in history class of
Texas Chainsaw Massacre yeah they
usually make no sense no one understands
them and they're like a weird mixture of
like serial killer or sexually
frustrated everything they say sounds
creepy and perverted okay class war many
wars very bad bad thing
fighting knots fighting blood everywhere
blood sea fighting a big guns fighting
what kind of gun big gun very big guns
you know you know what can say boom
boom what they say what is it boom like
that yeah ah it looks like they had a
mouth transplant okay
and their donor was the Grinch they make
you feel straight-up uncomfortable and
chances are years from now you're gonna
see on Facebook that they were arrested
for some deranged crime to make matters
even worse they're usually really
monotone go with this like slight sense
of horror it's like they sound like Siri
being kidnapped it's weird
homework okay do it at home there you
can do it at home I'm going to come and
check in at home you're doing my work
okay and there you have a touch of
teachers at school and if you liked this
video make sure you rate comment and
click that subscribe button if you
haven't subscribed yet they're like what
the f my straightening my hair for you
don't even click Subscribe and stuff I
make new videos every Monday and
Thursday my Facebook and Twitter links
are in the descriptions of triggers rule
out too as for me that is a wrap one
love superwoman and what a bummer climb
me way to listen Erica you like mine
that mine I'm happy yeah now get mine
y'all go to get like watching back with
a moment I walk around with them a car
on buddy embeds budget
