what everyone it's your girl superwoman
Oh MJ did super would just break ask to
go and back no well yes well I know a
lot of people asking you Lily guy gray
asked to pull my back and I'm reciting
pelea I do what live ask super almond on
14th of every month I don't like you
you ready watch my videos you know
follow me Facebook you know follow me
for the hard you got to know what I
drink and that's right homie on the 14th
of every month I've been doing a live
ask super dumb you just sitting there
like getting together with an I'll snap
crackle pop all my Sh'ma it is the 14
today so I thought you did for my
livestream I was a video version of asks
a woman for old times sake so well coach
to ask Superman I shown which a complete
stranger who knows absolutely nothing
about anything answers your relationship
questions I thought just to kick it up a
notch I would answer questions with all
of my alter-ego so this first question
is for superwoman and the question is hi
I am I get ahead what do you think is
the best way to keep the relationship
going after you get through the whole
fresh puppy love beginning of a
relationship where everything is just
all cute and fun oh sure
well honestly I definitely this is gonna
happen in every relationship in the
beginning it's always like oh my god I
love you
maybe I love you too hang up no you hang
up oh my god happy one-month anniversary
baby baby I promise I just want to
cuddle with you and then after all that
pansy crap is done months later looks
something like this honestly i effing
hate you are you stupid
okay well whatever tell me about your
day did you take no honey don't hang up
on me
don't hang up on me Oh frig Matt is my 3
year anniversary listen to dog listen
try to break up with her I want to buy
her anything
she's such an idiot obviously I'm gonna
go back with her after and you just
never want to cuddle any more okay
honestly this around to call to duty
right now one is in my hand the other
should be in yours
see the thing is you become used to each
other you become familiar you guys
already like each other you have each
other there's no more reason to impress
each other so my suggestion is to try
new things go new places go to
restaurants you never been to before go
travel somewhere you never been go do an
activity that neither of you have done
because then they'll kind of be like
unfamiliar territory and you may learn
new things about each other and it may
kind of trick your brain into thinking
hey I'm learning new things this is a
fresh new experience it's almost like
the beginning of our relationship
oh my god and it seems a teenybopper and
you can't do any of those things as a
parents won't let you go hold hands do a
different part of the playground or some
crap like that I don't know the next
question is for patois speaking Lily wah
one question B I really like this guy
but he has a girlfriend and a good
relationship what Mia do help me please
Superman what a woman climbing way to
listen Erica you like my damn mind I'm
happy yeah they'll get man y'all go
together like watching back with a
moment I walk around with them you can
rap about your bed question I mean
listen here my new you going to class
you sit down to read detective another
question you're not the answer with a
bow tie here sit there for their top now
you're f that Toussaint's question 50
pitch I'm about to ask a question than
mine este question multiple choice
question in this blood cutting who's
sitting here over this - mine's going
like too long to go back up heads up
safety pins at ten by fifteen my 20
microwave for your blood clot
well I'm gonna pin you're fishing in DC
I can't waste your time rumbling this
new more than ten times I'm over there
looking for yoga aka move on the next
question is for oh Jessica okay so the
question is I'm in accounting first year
student I'm engaged and I told him about
my ex but not the full story
I'm scared whether this will ruin our
relationship should I say it or not when
I told him he said it's cool cuz it's
the past and you love me now um by the
way we've been together for a year now
oh my god okay first of all hi my name
is Jessica of your counselor for today
honestly like I think that past is the
past and if someone is with you right
now this should be with you but who you
are now and love you for all you are and
accept all your mistakes like I
personally think your past shouldn't
define you in any well unless it's like
something really valid why did you come
I feel like killed
one but okay like maybe but I don't I
don't think so
but in all honesty I don't think it's
necessary for you to tell someone
everything about your past and your past
the past for a reason and I always say
that don't let your past define you let
it be part of who you become I saw that
quote on tumblr anyways it's been fun I
have to go to work now I start my shift
at forever 21 in five minutes the next
question is for my dad hello okay what I
read this one okay okay hello hello hi
you know I've been dating a girl since I
was in grade 9 nothing now I'm 25 doing
my law degree and I kind of like a guy
now what do I tell her what do you what
do you mean what do you mean little what
this mean like guy oh okay okay
okay um yeah okay you I that's fine okay
no problem no I I take everybody nice it
don't matter
I make no difference to me no Lilly tell
them their arm I'm still you know
doesn't you like girl you like I think
you still very beautiful person eyes I
know hit the game okay are pending and I
are really why can't you do not if we
look 25 you know lottery you panty for
anything stupid okay
Lord Gris arm okay thank you okay first
you like Aishwarya Rai and now maybe you
like Abhishek that's okay that's okay
you call her okay you call her you call
her and you say hello baby hello baby ah
first you know first maybe I liking
Beyonce I think you're shaving sexy very
nice okay now maybe something changed
and I maybe know like in Jays and you
know just be honest your everybody
deserve to be happy everybody deserve to
be happy okay good okay thank you all
right thank you
the next question we have is for all my
mom my mom okay hello I am number sign
boy that's a hashtag oh okay okay
hello I am hashtag boy 14 year old I
love
and she's my ex I love her very much
she's in my school in my class but other
section she has boyfriend but I love her
how can I put put pause and he suggested
Fateh move do 14 year old want to put
pot you can't even clean your own dirty
a chunky 14 you don't want a girlfriend
Kim do Kenny failing math okay how do I
have girlfriend hot going to have life
how to play your bloody taxes Lily
you do like this in gas school is for
learning okay not for lovin you she love
her you know
love is working love is cooking love is
cleaning Oh idiot you open it very clear
when I talk you okay you study you do
school okay 14 to young to get married
okay you know when you ready to get man
let me you know when you ready to get
married okay when your daddy mummy daddy
can you you ready okay hashtag Jew
stupid and there you have it that's how
ask Superman rolls alright if you like
this video make sure you rate comments
and click that subscribe button because
I do make new videos every Monday and
Thursday and don't forget today at 7
p.m. Eastern Standard Time
there will be an ask Superman livestream
which is probably gin just a wee few
minutes depending everyone I didn't
upload this video to watch the
livestream all you have to do is go to
my uni channel it's right there is also
in the description it's for an hour and
a half 7 o'clock to 8:30 p.m. Eastern
Standard Time that is 11 p.m. in the UK
4 p.m. in Vancouver 5 p.m. in Calgary 12
a.m. in Germany 10 a.m. in Australia I
forgot about you I'm sorry comment below
with your location in time so people
that live beside you your neighbors can
be like hello also last thing go to my
Facebook fan page facebook.com slash
iisuperwomanii click the share button on
this video and I will pick some people
to give a shout out to on livestream
during the last election during either
one during the luck I'm not interested
now I'm recording a video right now yeah
Superman III suppose I I you Jim
as my same click share and I'll pick a
few people to do a shot do a shout-out
on a shuttle what am I saying I would
give you shout out if you share video be
on my Facebook fan page I can't wait to
see you one love superwoman that is a
wrap and Zoop I hope you enjoyed that
video as per usual you can click here
for my last video click here for my
behind the scenes second channel blog
excellent just let you know a wicked
sight brown without comm has officially
released open launch Rev the word I can
speak today how
released a launch open frame has become
into existence today and you can check
out my personal profile right here make
sure you give me a follow to see what I
like and see what I post and follow me
is a really cool website make sure you
check it out and yeah cool everybody do
the cha cha cha cha
okay bye
