I think my wisdom teeth are coming out
and I put origel in my mouth and now my
mouth is numb if you want to make this
video more exciting you can take your
shirt off and pretend I'm drooling at
you what up everyone it's your girl uh
what up everyone it's your girl
superwoman
hey what up everyone is your group what
if everyone is your girl superwoman it's
over the past two weeks I've had a cold
inflamed ears really low blood pressure
random red eyes I had a period so bad
that it wasn't even a period it was like
I've F an exclamation mark and now I
think my wisdom teeth are coming out aka
whoever is stabbing a voodoo doll my
face on it please stop thank you
here's the thing unfortunately youtubers
don't have dental coverage so I'm no
longer covered with respect to dental
expenses and that's stopped when I
stopped being a student so I haven't
been to the dentist in a very long time
um in addition to that reason I also
effing hate them I remember going to the
dentist and the whole time of you I'd be
over annoyed and cranky because I'll be
sitting in the waiting room okay and I
hated that part I'm sitting there and
there are all these attempts around me
and trying to make me feel better about
the situation there's a plastic figurine
of a tooth over there that's like a
freaking poster over there that's like
brushing is fun like this smiling truth
is pissing me off because I know the
experience is actually nothing like that
you are leading me to believe that my
teeth are gonna come out of that room
smiling when in fact I know my truth is
gonna come out of that room in an effing
wheelchair don't ever lie to me okay
that ish might work on friggin tiny toon
with a chip tool over there but I stupid
that honesty is disgusting is disgusting
I've never been to a slaughterhouse
hey you know what me neither but I'm
pretty sure there ain't a poster of
piglet that's like giving the pigs false
hope don't f with my emotions so finally
it's my turn and I den to this death
chair and there's like 20 weapons of
destruction lined up right you go and
put my boot off but of course you know
what's first a little effing metal stick
thing you know what I'm talking about
you know I'm talking about you know when
you staple paper but then the stapler
fails and it fails and you have a little
staple that's just a feeling it's like
because all crippled that it's all
mashed up basically that goes onto a
metal stick into my dentist hand and
into my teeth but wait that's not even
the worst part
Oh God
worst part you know the worst part is
that little poo suction crap Peng stupid
tang
I hated that pain that one time my
dentists was moving that around in my
mom's can you actually touch my lip
another yeah I know why you think my
lips off fat unser the same thing
probably happened to jay-z you got 99
problems and dentists was definitely one
of them
I swear to god this one time my dentist
like seven things into my mug and the
suction thing the metal things are
drilling for an iPhone charger freakin
x-ray machine I'm sitting there like
this homies like okay I'll be back in
five minutes
I'm not Google free broker walk why miss
ain't nobody had time to five minutes
get one minute in I took the suction
thing up and I'm just rambling this
homie walks back in is like oh no no put
that in your mouth I'm like I swear to
god I'm gonna tell you the same thing I
tell the boys in the club okay go ask
yourself typical men and I'm just like
straight up oh it's um what up t-shirt
reference a freaking took the suction
thing dude on the floor spit on whatever
is in my mouth afraid walked out like a
boss I'm just kidding I apologize and
listen and then he he broke my teeth and
honestly you know what else I hate you
know what else I you know what else I I
hate the person I'd become at the
dentist okay I'm an honest person I
don't lie I believe in honesty but
honestly dentist you've given me no
choice I have to lie oh do you brush
your teeth before bed yeah yeah Irene I
be GG o your gums are bleeding a big he
floss regularly fly yeah I'm on every
girl on one every night I floss yeah
yeah Janine floss came a little suction
thing in your mouth looks like you're
drinking from a straw some effin fruit
punch because you're nasty gums be
bleeding so damn much so who do I do
I'm ready lying if I brush before you
sleep you mean eat a pack of sour
skittles and drink a liter of coke then
homie we good okay straight up I mean
add sugar to my teeth okay I add tea to
my sugar I'm just playing I'm just
saying I don't drink to your coffee no I
actually don't seriously actually don't
believe in any harmful beverages
responsibility and I'm straight up up I
have a question a question for you
mister dentist okay am I your first
patient like have you had another
patient
did you just become a dentist cuz I feel
like you just picked up your certificate
okay Kate went to the office now I'm
sitting on this chair why do you think
that you can have a
merci she with me when you put all of
Inspector Gadget up in my f and mouth
I'm having one quarter away from being a
pinball machine up in here and he was
all like oh you don't ant oh I don't
know I just made a mission embrace it
Frank
so why are you still in school yeah
uh-huh
oh you're in med school uh-huh so what
about boobs no time at all yes yes
two boobs asked Joe I am terrified to go
to the dentist what if you put my keys
Oh once I went to a braces consultation
we guys okay yeah we're all ready to go
except to pull up that tooth I'm like
dog I refuse to have a missing tooth
especially not right there a girl that
videos to make I introduce to do what
what if I get a role in the film okay
ain't no I'm missing that opportunity I
can give me a packet tic tacs and super
glue I'll make it happen
I'm on set just like okay thank you what
if my character okay is a hockey player
you know right it is a hockey player and
her teeth just randomly fall out no no
okay okay okay but you know when you go
to the up you know when you go to the
you know your votes not okay right and
you play a game on you you aim you shoot
and look a big clown clown face and your
teeth and you knock on his teeth I like
that could be me I finish about the
dentist I walk out like look at the
effing plaque
- that's like I'll walk up to the
assistant that's all like hi my name is
Jessica here's a complimentary
toothbrush okay that'll be $200 and I'm
like oh my bank accounts like the
dentist is over there like say yeah say
yeah I've been with his metal tracing
and songs but you don't know no no no
I'm responsible
I'm going to the dentist no I'm gonna
win this I'm gonna switch around they
will provide a service to me okay they
will fix Mike Allen where's my phone
call right now freaking go show them I'm
gonna show you like ring you ring I'll
show you ain't nothing gonna stop me now
son lo say get my teeth my TV Brock
Reiner
do you watch you pick up and watch what
kind of effing place is closed Monday
who is closed Monday honestly the week
has started get out of denial
you know honestly I see everyone that
hates me in my videos please step
forward
don't be shy step 4 okay please punch me
in the face knock my teeth out it's your
time to shine single file please
okay I'm gonna go gargle some whiskey
now for medical reasons of course make
sure you rate comment and click that
subscribe button because I do make new
videos every Monday and Thursday button
also if you like this video and you can
relate and use all like I make sure you
click the link in the description to
share this video as for me that's a wrap
I think there's much else to say except
for one love superwoman ends so whatever
I hope you liked that video as per usual
you can click there for my last video
and there for my second channel for my
vlogs extras all that good stuff but
wait I'm gonna tell you did you hear did
you share your did you hear oh shut up
listen to me did you hear you can win in
free iPads all you gotta do new website
coming out is gonna be awesome sauce
called brown people calm go there and
you can win a free iPad it's super
simple you ain't even gotta do anything
except just go there and you could win a
free iPad are you serious are you
serious
shut your face click the link it's
coming out sooner I will be announcing
the winner next Monday so you have a
week to win yourself a free iPad link is
right there it's also in the description
make sure you check it out win yourself
an iPad I win it win it and okay
