yeah she did what honestly she's so
drama well whatever I just changed my
profile picture to me and her boyfriend
did you see her profile picture you know
what whatever like so cute xoxo smiley
face comment oh my god did you see her
comment she is so mad like a comment no
babe babe babe babe babe no you are not
allowed to talk to her anymore
yo does your boyfriend have Instagram
sure like like like share it to me to
Facebook wall hell yes if you can't
handle me at my worst you don't deserve
me at my best
status whatever I love the way you lie
post status
I hate two-faced people I never know
which side to slap first post people
need to grow up and stop putting their
business on Facebook post status like oh
my god so true comment um what girl I'm
gonna tweet something get ready to
retweet it show me show me show me
exactly what she said okay obviously I'm
gonna print screen' it yeah hold on I'm
downloading Foursquare right now okay
she just checked in to the same places
if she never checks in okay oh my god
there she is honestly this is not gonna
be pretty
girl here she comes she better watch out
Hey hey girl how are you I'm good how
are you I'm great listen we're good
right yeah totally why I don't know I
saw some statuses and I was like her oh
my god no those weren't for you yeah
oh no are you sure I'm not totally cool
I would never do that
okay thank God bro you know I would just
tell you I wouldn't do something stupid
like that
okay cool bath honestly that's what I
thought you cute I'll see you later girl
take care oh my god she is so fake some
people need to take a hint
tweet song lyrics about trust Google
quotes about karma Google and I was like
excuse me I still get it she tagged
everyone except me
good morning class today I did my
assignment on fake friends okay I'm
gonna say that then what you wanna say
okay but make sure your number shows up
private oh my god no you have to make it
a public event and then not invite her
honestly everyone knows you the
homewrecker it's not just me everyone
hates her oh honey I cannot stand her
okay we're way hold on what are you two
even fighting about um honestly whatever
yeah girls hope you enjoyed that video
if you did make sure you wait comments
and click that subscribe button because
I do make new videos every Monday and
Thursday like usual you can click right
there to see my last video and click
right there to see my second channel
vlogs extras all my time to stop so make
sure you gonna do that and I hope you
have a beautiful morning night day
wherever you are in the world I love you
so much
look one love superwoman that is a wrap
and Zoop
