I'm like a Big Mac that went straight to
your booty cuz baby I'm back what
everyone it's your girl superwoman oh my
god hello friends my dad's without
making a video for the past week I was
traveling and I was dying of sickness
and as you can tell from my man like
voice I'm still sick
yes boogers I'm a nosy but none a lil
vixx cat pic so sit at Netflix casue
pull my backup in this word Trish tummy
ASAP
so I spent last weekend traveling to a
Malika and I know that spring aka March
break is coming up for a lot of my
student friend so like oh my god I know
you're gonna go on vacation like I have
to do it I had to do it so welcome to
annoying people on the airplanes first
of all this past weekend I travelled
from Canada to America and I discovered
that apparently a lot of airlines do not
let you have one free piece of baggage
when flying to America so in other words
I can fly across the African world to
India and I can have my baggage on the
plane for free but apparently I want to
visit my neighbors I need to pay 25
bucks a bag
what kind of sense I mean let's be real
America is literally like a triple jump
away from me why am I paying $25 from
egg I mean real talk if I throw my
suitcase from right here in my room
right now as hard as I can it's bound to
land it at least like Buffalo I pay no
25,000 done oh I'm sorry this my $700
ticket only include the gourmet muffin
you're gonna give me the note pillow
there no blanket but no headphones the
no leg room and the bumpy ride so you're
saying I can get on this leg but if I
want to me some fresh underwear and a
razor I need to pay $25 $25 actually no
I say Efrain back that messing up my
ears so I'm already in a bad mood and
that I made my way to airport security
okay airport security stresses me
because I get there and I feel like
everyone else does Donovan Bailey with
their trade and I'm still untying my
shoelaces I did take my laptop on my
back so I could separate the liquids I'm
going through my bag it's cream a liquid
I don't know I'm sitting out reading the
back of it
do liquid I'm holding up the line people
are getting annoyed I'm not even wearing
that many medals but I feel like right
now I'm Optimus Prime and then if you're
walking this little metal detector and
they make you who's this so now I'm
standing there looking like a porn star
so now I'm annoyed and sexually
frustrated I stepped on this be real I'm
an Indian girl long hair wears boys
jeans you know what rubber glove is
going somewhere up in her I'm see I've
had people inspect my hair for drugs
okay
there's no drugs in here okay that ain't
cocaine it's dandruff and it's perfectly
normal in the wintertime okay don't
judge me in my scalp transformers Robots
in Disguise yeah and let's be real as an
airport when your skin is brown you
automatically go through more security
you get questioned a little bit more and
to be honest I find that insulting like
what okay you have an airplane so now I
need you I need you it talking about
airplanes okay
I see your airplane okay and I will
raise you one magic carpet okay no
you're all these are the facts okay Big
West jacked okay once you suck myself
jet just kidding good one of my brothers
works for WestJet and they're awesome
and I love them and last Jack for life
let goddamn at this I'm so far with Air
India totally kid ain't nobody got time
for engine failure I'm trying to get
from A to B without swimming okay the
same rifle pine and then a saw so then I
walk on over to customs and now I'm just
crapping my pants I'm really not doing
anything wrong I'm just going to an
event but I feel like a criminal so many
questions about what's the event
why Malloy what am I talking about water
pump like really give it a harass me
about smuggling cue cards into your
country America I think you have bigger
problems I swear I don't have anything
we have coaches your to card hey
meanwhile you live over there boom boom
boom boom boom boom boom boom boom get
your ish together
I finally get on the plane at once√° at
this point in time I just look like fart
like I'm tired my hair is a mess
I'm just straight up feeling like Shmuel
and then I sit down in this perfectly
groomed pretty beautiful flawless air
hostess person start telling me about
the safety features I think I dampened
not get me wrong I'm usually a very nice
person okay but at this point in time I
feel the need to be a jerk upon goal is
here telling me about the safety
features I'm gonna look over here just
to make a point cuz like y'all don't
tell me what to do to be honest I
actually feel bad for her at this point
because like no one should be that happy
about safety features I mean do you know
how many times just to do that routine
homegirls probably scarred for life I
mean she could probably only watch porn
featuring lifeguards her life is in
ruins mom I'm sorry don't ground me but
here's the thing I've seen the safety
presentation so many times and I'm sure
you have as well beyond all gun safety
belt - were firm ass comes down help
yourself - for we all know but can we be
honest for a second if there actually
was an emergency would you know what the
afternoon cuz I would not I mean my
backup plan has always been the AMA hope
and pray that honey Boo Boo's mom is on
the plane and I'm gonna use her as a
floatation device but if that ain't
possible that son of a died and like
I've heard the instructions I've seen
the presentation if you can read the
little information thing they put in
front of you but like I have ADHD I
don't pay attention to that kind of
stuff I only know what society has
taught me let's be real if a plane is
going down we know exactly what's going
on inside that plane interesting how the
song makes reference to terrorists oh so
now we're getting ready for takeoff and
someone's just like hi please turn off
all electronics airplane mode is not
acceptable
don't you mean airplane mode ain't
acceptable are we on a plane yes is
there a mode for that yes you want to
give me some Crayolas and a napkin I
could draw you a diagram why is it any
more finding everything more for fact it
is more for reason what else I'm not
going to use airplane move for I'll be
going for a jog and use airplane mode to
speak without a job and then if you're
going for a drive and using airplane
mode I'll be sleeping up on my phone on
airplane mode somebody please explain to
me why I cannot use airplane mode on an
airplane I'm just so upset
ah okay now I get when you're taking off
at the table in front of you cannot be
down there's turbulence you might hit
your head you might get broke up I'd get
it table down to some turbulence done
better good ugly bug up and you get back
up leaving like black but I really don't
get one my seat cannot be put back while
taking off and let's be real they say no
lazy boy recliner okay my seat goes from
here to here okay I don't think this two
centimeters gonna end up a difference in
the dynamics of the aeroplane and
sometimes I try and get away with it
before takeoff I go there's a pretend to
be sleeping with my shirt off
hi I'm still I'm so sorry excuse me hi
my name is Jessica could you just please
put your seat up before we take off
thanks so much like Jessica I got back
to forever 21 and let me sleep woman I'm
trying to think of different ways to
sleep on the plane anything from someone
who comes from the culture of the Kama
Sutra I would be good at this I'm all
trying to sit there try to get
comfortable try all these different
tactics trying to hit the seven and go
to sleep but I discovered that the best
way to sleep is also the most risky way
just like the Kama Sutra the best way to
put your table down and sleep on that
but let me warn you like the homeskillet
in front of you decides to put his seat
back your brains gonna need abandon it's
happened you think I was born this will
no airplane table freak accident yeah
I'm done I just like fly yo yo yo you
like my video if you liked this video
make sure you rate comment and click
that subscribe button if you haven't yet
what you doing click the subscribe
button because I make new videos every
Monday and Thursday also if you like
this video I have a whole bunch of other
videos in the annoying people series
I'll put them all right here if you
click on any of them they'll open in a
new window because I'm Indian and I like
convenience cell 111 and while you do
that I'll just dance around for a few
seconds
and that's it one love superwoman like a
Fujita back to the rap ok and
but hey even though I hate flying I'm
still gonna see you later on this month
I'm Anika and I will also see you
meheeco yo quiero Taco Bell Mojica I
mean much Mexico
