look at my shirt it's so cool it's just
like yeah whatever one's a girl's so
porn hi I'm Troy McClure AKA lilly singh
and today i want to make a difference in
the world I am a vegetarian now I
haven't been a vegetarian my whole life
I only became one recently which
basically means I know exactly what meat
tastes like and let me tell you
something do you know what kind of
commitment it takes to know exactly what
a chicken wing tastes like and still
decide not to consume it you think you
have self-control okay let me tell you
what self-control self-control is
knowing exactly what a juicy strip of
bacon tastes like okay and still
deciding
you're never gonna eat it again yeah I
can't even watch The Muppets without
tearing up when Miss Piggy comes on the
screen with her bond booty but you're
not I'm so proud vegetarian I regret
nothing
yeah I thoroughly enjoy going to Burger
King and being like yeah I'll take a
veggie burger going into Harvey's and
being like her I want you to dress my
patty like this hell I can even walk
into Kentucky Fried Chicken and get
myself a veggie burger combo and then
there's McDonald's don't f is not try to
make a point do you know a study shows
that kids recognize the golden arches up
and donald's more than the Christian
cross yet these jabroni 's over at
mcdonald's can't recognize millions and
millions of vegetarians oh now I've
heard in some parts of the world that
McDonald's does have vegetarian options
but here in Canada and I think North
America yeah as vegetarians are
completely faded yes us the vegetarians
the same vegetarians are order extra
large fries is where fat pieces of crap
or a friendly Big Mac combos the same
vegetarians that ordered pizza when you
sold at McDonald's way back when yes us
the same people who stoop so low that we
order a Big Mac no meat a Big Mac no
meat did you know what that feels like
yeah I'm gonna I'll take a a Big Mac no
meat please yeah I'll take a poutine no
fries and a Happy Meals no joy who'd you
get it in do i how dare to mock me
Ronald you
have the nerve to put smiles on the menu
and those mother effers are free I'm
telling you to take my money for the
veggie burger how do you sleep Ronald
how honestly instead of coming up with a
new meat burger every month why don't
you try something new okay epidemic
chicken mcgrill McRib okay before you
introduce up for your make goat McGrew
ceramic bear why don't you get a big
veggie burger
so McDonald's if that is your real name
right now you sound like a whole lot of
but-but-but glass I hate you
Here I am I wake up I'm having a great
day we're going or spoiling my face
trouble I love keep all the way to the
mailbox of my mailbox boom to
commemorate ninety-nine coupon
Depression you think that it is funny oh
my god during summer you have one dollar
drink oh my God thank you so much yeah
okay I'll have a side of coke with my
coke and now they've introduced fish
make a bite which basically means that
Ronald found Nemo and now he's invite
guys that's right kids half the cast a
little mermaid invites eyes straight
from on the gusty into your belly so now
you can have a burger with one tiny 2
pi/3 planning for patty for patties and
cheese for padding some cheese and some
bacon chicken and a burger chicken a
nugget
fishing a burger fishing a bite no
please please continue I'm totally fine
suck in this pack of ketchup over here
opposite on me Oh who needs a meal when
I could drink this sweet-and-sour sauce
so you know yeah I don't have to deal
with e.coli and Salmonella but I can
start a virus of my own on my vegetarian
people this is what I want you to do
click the link in description to share
this video I can't even speak in an
aunty I'm so tweet the video Facebook
the video Instagram if you even have to
Google+ it just get the word up the next
time a man driving Donald opens his
happy meal I want this video to be in it
that's right dear McDonald's stop
clowning around ok sincerely pissed-off
vegetarians and if you don't
the deranged barley gets it the choice
is yours Donald yeah but no real talks
McDonald's freaking upgrade your ich
that's right if you like what you see
all of this right here
make sure you rate comment and click
that subscribe button cuz I make new
videos every Monday and Thursday
although sometimes they're late and the
Thursday turns into Friday but fun
science I'm in fun one love superwoman
that's a wrap and zoom
first of all JLo would you like some
dress with that leg just straight up a
lot but I'm even mad cuz use hot vowels
mark anthe I feel hella stupid right now
cuz first of all he's already Halle
skinny
okay and you gonna give up a chicken
thigh combo like that channel just comes
out looking like KFC and everyone's
trying to McDonald's you're a bunch of
Nick Nene's you wheedies
