oh my god hi what before girls so
provenance Valentine's Valentine's Day
yeah yeah where's my flask look at me I
look all orange because I don't have
proper lighting I have the labs that I
got from Ikea that makes me look like an
oompa loompa why cuz who's gonna buy me
like I don't have valid I'm done I'm not
gonna sit you're complain and be one of
those annoying people that I complained
about on Valentine's Day but I still
want to let you know that there's not an
actual legitimate video for today's
super Thursday because as I mentioned in
my previous video today will be spent
Valentine's Day with superwoman because
I'm doing a livestream so I'm gonna tell
you all about that right now take a
little notepad and thanks a little
rubber remember Valentine's Day make
sense and take notes I love doing a
livestream at 5:30 p.m. Eastern Standard
Time which is in June June June June ooh
two hours so 5:30 p.m. Eastern Standard
Time you can find me on you now doing
ask Superman and guess what today is the
one-year anniversary up ask Superman so
I'm so excited
I have anniversary that's right make
that valid plug there I have an
anniversary with an online show who's
really waiting that's why you can ask in
your relationship questions send your
short and sweet relationship questions
to ask Superman at gmail.com and I might
answer all for considering it's
Valentine's Day during the show I will
be reading tweets and emails if for some
reason you're in a relationship and you
know
girlfriend her boyfriend was a shout out
for me I might be doing shadows like hey
Tanya your boyfriend wants me to say he
loves you Happy Valentines I might do
lame crap like that check it out
the link to watch the you now is
www.unityhouston.org man at 5:30 p.m.
AKA in vancouver 2:30 p.m. London 10:30
p.m. Sydney Australia 9:30 a.m. on Fleur
um New Guinea for ya Calgary 3:30 Los
Angeles 2:30 Frankfurt Germany 11:30
dubia 231 a.m. there's something y'all
to late night for some y'all it's not if
you loves me
you be there lastly before I go don't
forget today is the end of the super
encompass and you might be asking what
the shimmer Obama client is talking
about I'll break down for you basically
a week ago inquisitive illustration and
I start a contest where you can win a
signed illustration of myself that
inquisitive made it well as any
inquisitive illustration of your choice
and we're giving away a total of 20 so
basically all you gotta do to win is go
to my Facebook fan page facebook.com
slash iisuperwomanii and there's a whole
bunch of course so I gotta do is scroll
down my fan page find any post that
starts with official super in contest
post X out of 20 and you gotta follow
the instructions or whatever that post
says some of them are about Twitter some
of them about Facebook YouTube sharing
stuff tweeting stuff whatever we'll be
selecting random winners whoever who
participates and I know I usually said
the contest ends today at 4 o'clock p.m.
Eastern Standard Time but we because
we're so nice have extended it to 11:59
p.m. Eastern Standard Time which means
you have all the Valentine's Day to keep
sharing keep tweeting keep whatever you
can participate more than once just keep
going keep going keep going keep
hustling and you might win and then
tomorrow afternoon you will be posting
the winners on my Facebook fan page so
you know what you might be able to be
like hey baby I know I asked up
yesterday on Valentine's Day and I'm a
douchebag but you know what today I
wanted you a superwoman illustration
that's right so go check on my Facebook
fan page
I will see you in a few hours on ask
Superman the one-year anniversary come
on come with a couple come with someone
that is complicated with come with your
mommy come with your daddy I don't get
just be there so I will see you there
good luck to everyone do the contest
don't forget to rate comment and
subscribe I make new videos every Monday
and Thursday even though this is not
very much so video it's more of an
advertisement promotion for my live show
but really how much super when you want
in a day your lives free mind a video
less Nuria nobody on taffeta yes I
bought this top at forever 21 thanks
Jessica okay would like I said that back
Jumma flasks at your also follow me on
Instagram because all of today I'm
posting really romantic sentimental
Valentine's Day quotes and memes in by
romantic I mean effing hilarious
