what up everybody it's your girl
superwoman whatever is your girl
superwoman but do many things you got
the drongo from glad anything just super
on a blog you because it didn't what's
up yeah so your did you watch the
Grammys did you watch the Grammys you I
watch the Grammys we shall get together
and smacked each other means I guess we
all make bad decisions I'm Marshall
Grammys and I'm just like worst decision
of life though like I might as well just
start wearing Crocs it doesn't even
matter
first of all JLo would you like some
dress with that leg just straight up a
lot but I'm even mad cuz use hot foul
mark and the I feel hella stupid right
now cos first of all he's already Halle
skinny
okay and you gonna give up a chicken
thigh combo like that general just comes
out looking like KFC that was trying to
control the reaction ago oh very nice
very nice Jennifer Lopez huh I heard her
love don't cost a thing but nah up in
the t da we keeps it real and brick was
oh come on that was like damn homie he
was just like straight-up work you buddy
work you buddy the champagne puppy blood
word he was so excited if he was still
in Degrassi JLo woulda cured him I have
a wheelchair stunting wheelchair
standing up no
damn pitbull was there too I don't think
I'm the only girl that's so sexually
confused from Beyonce's halftime show
cuz she was hella fun it should be
illegal to look that good but she got a
lot of heat because of what she was
wearing which i think is stupid because
I think she looked damn fine
but clearly that got her because she
showed up to the Grammys looking like a
fan and jemima I'm talking pants top
ponytail but honestly at me sideways cuz
I still think she was really hot an
actor momma I will take a step at your
pancakes is that provocative is that
seductive I'm not really sure you know I
feel like rappers like 2 Chainz just
make it okay for anything to be a sex
reference you want this cotton candy boy
Beyonce I will throw some chocolate
chips up in your batter crack open that
coca-cola Rice Krispies bang donut
muffin cherry cheesecake your booty
she got hella thick spice so what color
thick sighs no go straight up on behalf
of the entire population a few jay-z
that's what are your 99 problems what
beyond is too sexy
you got too much money too much fame too
many brands too many black presidents
they're just like the ultimate couple
honestly it's so annoying it's like if
the white ranger pink ranger got
together jay-z wins a Grammy and it's
like no big deal he gets up yawns and
leans over she's like baby you think we
should pick up some Popeyes on the way
home and he's just like give it to me
he walks up on see everyone else makes
some sentimental wicked speech and he
just like y'all Missy straight up I'm
gonna use this Grammys and paper wave so
like thank you to this man's hat I own
the world peace straight up I wake up to
our morning as Beyonce I'm pissed off
mommy is no fan I won't think Johnson
and then we have Chris Brown I see Chris
breezy let's have a moment here you're
hella Talent again you can sing you can
dance you can draw you damn fine use
talented black you acted like an
absolute douche duffle bag at the
Grammys nominate nor the fact that you
think relationships are like the UFC I'm
just gonna ignore that fact okay when
everyone else stood up to give someone a
standing ovation
what you were too good to stand up push
back just a little hole Grimes does it
I'll sign your booty be like everyone's
getting up my congratulations Chris
music straight up like done with me yeah
just stupid and you're like yeah you
should tell me everywhere that you go
you see beautiful people why you know
clap okay
used to say yeah yeah you sitting there
you like nah
god I don't like to plug straight up
Rianna you definitely found love and
hold this place because Chris breezy be
a lost cause pretend that okay Chris
Brown you wanting Brown huh gives you
some brown in your face okay Katy Perry
comes up and it's just like straight up
II these are my boobs and I'm just like
what up insecurity she's white as light
green dress I just makes her look like a
stick of the special comfy her feet
brings on the bus to the yard and her
dog is better than girls um your dis you
want beat this cause trying to flip you
want beef let me know bro I love Cool J
and host of the Grammys and I was just
like
since when does LL Cool J do more than
just lick his lips lick your lips oh
that's all we're waiting for ain't
nobody watch deep blue sea for the
storyline okay lick your damn lips
oh mama gonna knock you out mama good
nothing and I am mama
and then Johnny death comes out to
announce I'm collage and I'm just like
confused I feel like his characters that
he plays those really weird ones just
acting with his brain he comes out
looking like Mad Hatter and Jack Sparrow
had a baby and the result was his outfit
and I don't know what he said he just
like drum flourish marshmallow Mumford
and Sons
don't f and the sad part is I was still
turned on I'm going in bye bye y'all
Chocolate Factory Willy Wonka times
gonna come up to him yeah Free Willy is
Willy so free so I cut him free we gotta
give me Grammy Prince was even better
hey Prince comes off looking like a fog
light like walk straight out of
gangster's paradise you just like tap
and coolly on the back walks on all but
in and I'm just like aren't you the same
kind of thing
with a high pitch once why you looking
like the younger less high version of
some dog like it's currently very
dressed as Rick Ross is draped dress and
Adele I'm so confused
that doesn't matter because use F and
prints and he's balls I'm talking bare
minimum requirement he comes on visa the
nominees are the winner is the people
that wonder what is that oh my god it's
such an honor to be getting an award
presented by Prince Prince just rambling
I'm too good for this cuz do the bloody
prints everybody bad cops are trying to
be like you as Prince - good Oh God
Frank Ocean performs and I love Frank
Ocean like I think he's very talented
but ah sure what the bomber has happened
they're like I have so much respect from
especially performing that song that
takes guts Frank baby like I know you're
trying to get to third base with Forrest
Gump ah baby you need a good pitch to
get there his setup was super cool
though at the top of him was all calm
and like Sin City we somebody said yeah
four is good but then his bottom was
doing like p90x I'm sick well R is good
run Forrest run
and his bottom is just like it's gaudy
technology man ready first class and
then I go RiRi did her thing she
performing her I love ball Rihanna's
every time she performs she's so into it
we tell Julie believes what she's saying
but it's kind of scary because when she
performs it seems like she's going
through an exorcism like garnet diamonds
in the sky or demons in your soul just
let me know
but either way you damn fine please be
my friend but the number one reason I
dislike the Grammys because I felt every
performances mad emo Kong lack of hype
and production that's what the fiddle
pool is this day boss if I wanted to be
depressed and emotional I'd watch a walk
to remember the Bob Marley tribute was
amazing it was too short it was amazing
congratulations Bob Marley from winning
the Grammys but my favorite part of the
Grammys has to be Taylor Swift every
single time they showed Taylor Swift on
the camera I was just like yes she was
just a photographer like they show
aerial views of just everyone you would
be able to spot Taylors was clad from a
mile away it's like a white dove on fire
just like somehow home clap for physical
clap is on drugs like when did a little
Wayne die and how was he reincarnated
into your clap someone's performing like
I wish Kanye West was performing he was
just on stage being like yeah yeah you
would mess him with my click click click
on the Twitter's bye y'all Taylor Swift
I won the best class of all time as I'm
saying but I would love to party with
her she seems like such a wild party
animal but I'd probably kill her because
she seems like an emotional drunk and if
she's that emotional being sober after
Johnny Walker breaks her heart like I
can do but in all seriousness I gained a
lot of respect for Taylor Swift because
she was so supportive of every former
and who perform she got gave him a
standing ovation by the time and she's
really supportive like that so I feel
that I respect that
use use cool Taylor Swift use going on
my playlist for game trouble trouble all
around honest I was a bit disappointed
in the Grammys it was a bit of up fast
but you know what everyone deserve to be
there everyone super talented and know I
like be positive so even though I made
fun of some people
they're all super talented
congratulations everyone that one and
really the rest of us are just hollow
jobs mostly because you stopped Katy
Perry's boobs and Jennifer Lopez's leg
but you know what I do Goulding's and
that's a wrap one love superwoman and
Zoop
yeah what's up it's your girl superwoman
and just remind you that the super in
contest is going on right now where you
can win a signed illustration by me and
any piece of my artwork that's right in
this how you can win you could right now
I gotta do is one like this video so
click that thumbs up it's right there
comment below letting us know why you
think you should win 3 you got to
subscribe to my channel so click
subscribe is right there for you also
have to subscribe to mr. inquisitive
illustration channel because it makes
new videos every Thursday that's right
it's all good that's why I'm here every
Thursday
this is dig in the video every Thursday
on test and February 14th 4 o'clock p.m.
so keep commenting until then all right
thanks chit chit chit cheerio
