guy just the meat ASAP what if everyone
is your girl superwoman and Valentine's
Day is exactly one week away yay can you
see all the apps I'm giving honestly I
could be on Facebook's cheerleading
squad and I still wouldn't give her that
hey give me a nap no first of all
Valentine's is a completely made-up
holiday designed to make you and I spend
money on stupid red white and pink crap
to prove to someone that you love them
yeah if I wanted to spend money on
something fake I would have invested in
Kim Kardashian's wedding but I'm not an
idiot box graduate and I look like an
idiot box I can be real for a second
okay we live in 2013 okay a generation
full of Jersey Shore and 16 and pregnant
okay you wouldn't show me you love me
okay
how would you keep your flowers on
Valentine's Day okay and not be a whore
for the rest of the effing year please
don't keep your chocolates okay and for
the rest of the year
just don't insert your peepee into
another girl if my boyfriend gave me an
O on Valentine's Day I said one line one
line it read I still haven't cheated on
you I'd be F in a static you know why
because the world is full of corn dogs
you're a horndog I'm a corn dog broad is
a big pack of corn dogs looking for some
dipping sounds put your hands above my
hip when I dip you dip we dip in selves
furthermore I find the concept of cupid
horrifying first of all he's naked so my
first question is where child services
at secondly he wants people to fall in
love so he starts shooting that I know
who would've thought love equals
violence my parents have been right all
along I'm sorry mom but Real Talk there
was a brown naked baby just flying
around shooting people in the air
they're your terrorist alert but because
twopence what he's allowed to shoot
people in the butthole with arrows and
it's cute yeah white people on the issue
come up I swear that sometimes I feel
like you white people are mocking us
colored people y'all go ahead and fight
for your rights and we're just gonna
shoot people from the sky and slide down
people's chimneys and sell it to all
y'all for $8.99 I'm not saying all white
people sound like that but like in my
brain they do do they not and you know
how I know this is true because if a
brown midget was living in a forest they
called him an illegal immigrant but this
guy does it and gets its own serial dog
F I'm hungry mother talking uh-oh
marshmallows
oh I love the heart one-time times a
getting back on track is a beating a
good meeting yes Valentine's Day I get
it it's cute you know yes I've been in a
relationship once upon a long time ago
on Valentine's Day I woke up feeling
special
but honestly $9.99 for a Valentine's Day
card are you serious the fact that story
like Hallberg still exists who's to me
that our population is gold diggers
I'll do the Danis evening like $9.99 for
card that's us be mine like that's our
magic to me that's stupid and quite
frankly I want to be with someone who
has some financial sense I don't be
stupid daddy nothing an emoticon can say
hey boo happy Valentine's Day let's go
out for dinner
I'll go get sexy for you after that you
might get lucky or I might just fall
asleep okay love you talk about $9.99
for up car Wi-Fi for you
you know another thing I don't
understand when men buy women lingerie
for Valentine's Day unless the grill
works like who is this gift for yeah you
know I love me some matching bra and
panties but you want me to think that
you bought me this broad because it's
good for my back it's a portion my back
because going to every ready so you
wants to break my back not Susie okay
the song say whine and bend over so I
can get you in the sack not whine
carefully bend over and protect your
sacrum playing slowly bend down
some wine Saudis and down y'all all
right y'all back them I never heard a
reggae song like that thanks a lot
vibes up an elephant man this bloody
gift is for you I'm good I'm cool yeah
that's the agreement I am cool I am
there are things that gift bag was way
too small to fit Channing Tatum in it so
I'm just a bit confused I think this is
going both ways I can imagine being
really hard to buy a woman a gift so
like I feel your pain men and lesbians
okay I get it but there is no excuse for
buying a girl gift card what did you are
uncle I hate getting gift cards cuz not
to spend it at a certain store well I
would just prefer the money so now I'm
walking into forever 21 with my $50 gift
card I say what up to Jessica see a
dress ball not okay is $59.99 thanks a
lot for ruining Valentine's Day your
douche bag what I'm not worth is dressed
now Jeremy hear me loud and clear when I
say i pinkie promise if I get another
teddy bear from anyone I will go crazy
honestly I get it teddy bears aren't
cute but you don't so are the sea
creatures from Little Mermaid doesn't
mean I want you to give me crabs great
my useless boyfriend give me a useless
teddy bear now I have two useless idiots
that watch me sleep and pretend to
listen to me great I have enough teddy
bears down okay frickin Toy Story three
could have been shot in my closet I've
been Paddington Bear in my closet
berenstain bears in my closet effing
Care Bears in my closet do you not see
the trend polar bears endangered panda
bears endangered koala bears I'm not
completely sure about koala bears I
think they're endangered I wouldn't be
surprised but endangered you know why
because you idiot keep giving them your
girlfriends okay but you know enough
about the couples cuz you know what the
couples are even the most annoying part
of Valentine's Day you're single people
yeah hi hello use how annoying you're
single we get it we know just shut the F
up about it on Facebook and Twitter and
please continue listening to your Taylor
Swift playlist genuine
yeah hello Dukey Optima shut your face
and honestly stop with the lame name
jokes I'm sick of it the whole oh I
don't have a Valentine I have to go
Ben and Jerry no those aren't funny
anymore
please stop because people like me have
real Valentine real people with real
names for example mine is Johnny real
person Johnny last name Walker new dish
sounds pretty freakin good to me like
why are you so upset that you're single
on Valentine's Day awk sir does that
mean you can do whatever you want today
you have no obligate you don't have to
spend $100 chocolate will be on sale
tomorrow for you
oh my can you go and hit on whoever you
want you poor soul the acronym Yolo was
invented for do my friend okay my
acronym FML and even high schools like
some huge deal if you're single on
Valentine's Day are you quick I have to
send myself candy girls all done dear
Lily love Kevin all dear Lily loves
eight huh dear Lily love your friends
boyfriend a girl I think she's cheating
on you let me tell you when I say is not
a big deal to be single in high school
anything it is better and that is for
one sole reason the Valentine's Day
dance
why because not a single guy in high
school knows how to slow dance I'm sorry
that is true it is fact every single guy
in high school slow dances this key just
sat in the gourd water for three hours
now his legs asleep you got up and asked
to dance and then without fail slowly
but surely he will take his hands and
attempt to grip your booty like this
like baby pass weight 11 biology before
you try grade 12 Anatomy okay because I
ain't down to get attention right now
but you know what Who am I to say
anything yeah okay I'm the smartest
person in the world other than that Who
am I to not let you celebrate your
Valentine's Day so you know yeah happy
Valentine's Day to everyone who
celebrates and I have an important
Valentine's Day announcement you let me
just quickly change my clothes and do
introducing the super incredible
Valentine's Day Giveaway Lily please
help me give something cool to my
girlfriend or boyfriend because I have
no idea what you do on Valentine's Day
contest okay super ink that's right my
homie from the UK Inquisitor
illustration has Illustrated a brand-new
exclusive Superman piece that we will be
giving away more Valentine's Day you
want to see it you want to see I know
you want to see are you ready for this
drumroll dinner and buy them X item
discuss that's X Y that is extra break
up with your girlfriend boyfriend date
this because that's sexy
that's right starting today February 7
all the way until February 14th and
times day we will be giving away 20
pieces of this illustration signed by
yours truly in addition to 20 pieces of
inquisitive illustration art works of
your choice signed by him so like ahh
there's so many ways to win there's ways
to win to Facebook through Twitter to
Instagram but the place I'll be posting
all the instructions and details on my
Facebook fan page which is facebook.com
slash iisuperwomanii and the link is in
the description so make sure you go
there like that page to find out all the
information on how you can win and then
there will be a live streaming something
special when it's on the one-year
anniversary of ask Superman live on
February 14th where you can tune in and
you might be able to win some pieces
live and you might be like you know
having a date with the girlfriend and
boyfriend and watching super maybe your
girlfriend very much so liking super
woman and you can tune an emailing
superwoman
maybe super women give your girlfriend
shoutout that's right it's pen down
times it would superwoman you know I
might even get a visit from a handsome
man from the UK who knows anything that
happened and the first of 20 contest
starts right now so make sure you check
on my Facebook fan page right now her to
see how you can win the first piece I
think that's it is that it yeah I think
that's it don't forget to rate comment
and click subscribe because I make new
videos every Monday and Thursday ask me
that's a wrap one love superwoman has
the other one x day and keep calm your
imaginations free guy so let me get this
straight okay good night now first you
want to take away my Twinkies okay
like beautiful Twinkies and now you want
to take away my penny
dwarf that's right today's the last day
that Canada will be producing pennies so
like this guy inquisitive illustration
like he's so obsessed with me like I
didn't even get he's drawing me and like
proposing to me while he likes sips tea
out of cups it's like really weird I
don't know maybe it looks like a Brett
thing
it's just really weird
