whatever everyone it's your girl
superwoman what up everyone it's your
girl superwoman egg yeah I don't know so
let me get which so let me get this
straight
okay goodnight now first you want to
take away my Twinkies okay my beautiful
Twinkies and now you want to take away
my penny dwarf that's right today's the
last day that Canada will be producing
pennies and for all of you aren't
Canadian or just like what the fiddle
poop is you're talking about let me show
you this this right here this is a penny
aka one cent aka the coin in Canada that
has the least amount of value and ka the
Michelle of Destiny's Child just kidding
I love Michelle and I for one am
devastated for the following reasons
people will no longer say to me penny
for your thoughts now they're just gonna
ask me yo what are you thinking and I'm
ready to tell them for free that F I
look like some sort of charity
everything will now be one cent more
expensive because eventually people
won't be able to give you a penny in
change do you know what this means
mommy mommy I want a t-shirt on me so
nice TJ I want thing just in a people
t-shirt hi how much does a t-shirt mommy
you make are so good only $9.99 t-shirt
mommy best price best only $9.99 t-shirt
has a good water pick it up let's go
that's a good one it's t-shirt time
that's over that's done now is gonna be
like this one we only stand on a t-shirt
so good one we just in a beep but a
t-shirt what turned on attention
you
what rap because let's be real 999
sounds way better than $10 and you know
you buy things based on that um hello
Lucky Penny what the hell am I supposed
to do now
black cats are probably walking the
street just like your sucky oh you oh
you want to be friends all the humans
wanna be friends now uh hells yeah I
want to be friends because I'm mad
available now without a good-luck penny
use bad luck so Holly I want to be your
friend I'm going tomorrow to buy a Hello
Kitty t-shirt from Pacific long okay I'm
gonna convert into Chinese like that to
save my life and that's not racist I
live right beside that mall I know how
it goes down bad Hello Kitty everything
up in there Hello Kitty bandages Hello
Kitty phone cases Hello Kitty greeting
cards where Nikki lets up in there Hello
Kitty condoms ones I'm like this doesn't
even make sense
Oh God wish I made up I need you look
what am I gonna throw into a fountain
usually people throw pennies in the
fountain to make a wish what I'm gonna
turn out a nickel a dime Oh quick a
booty what the hell final I look like a
little way to be throwing real coins
into a fountain anybody had times me
throw real coins into a fountain okay
the day people start throwing gold coins
into a thousand is the day I'm gonna
drown em on my fitted hat and pretend
I'm in underwater level
that's it no more pennies no more wishes
I'm gonna have to start working hard to
achieve my goals and dreams
I've been chaos hi hello let's just be
real for a second shall we
nickel dime quarter you need me penny
now I hate playing the racism card but
let's just take a rewind into history
shall we let's just take a look at the
extinct $2 bills shall Kabam do I see a
trend Canada why don't you just gather
up all the brown people Hawk Canada
since you hate us all so much gather us
all up yeah tell us is a big sale yeah
maybe 50% off mangoes and rice get us
all together then BAM huh why don't you
do like this I know it's coming don't
believe the system okay but oh no gee
golly how will you kill all of us then
how will our doctors and engineers Drive
all your cabs you nasty you will never
pay 1457 for something again everything
super straightforward no more 13:23 1672
nothing honestly I feel like half the
math classes I've taken in my entire
life
it's a complete waste now I mean do you
need any credentials to be a cashier now
wait here Cooper but I've had the song
stuck in my head for the longest time
I'm sorry I don't Superman I've had the
song stuck in my head I can't remember
who sings it it goes like then dude did
you could find me in the club but ELISA
who sings bottle above my Marga what you
need if you who sings that so up $0.49
I'm stole angry I'm so angry I feel like
marching to the Government of Canada or
the Ministry of Finance or whoever the F
runs Canadian economy money stuff which
is once for real Obama I'm gonna walk
right up to you and not leave until I
get what I want I'm just gonna be like
penny penny penny yeah they're gonna
kill me Lilly please save me penny penny
penny
hey Real Talk though I'm gonna miss this
little guy thank you to both your head
and your tail for settling all the
arguments you've ever settle them thank
you for helping me scratch a lottery
ticket so that my nails don't get all
nasty and thank you for making my
wristlet so heavy because NER muscle I
have thanks to you mmm I just really
kissed this but would it be the first
time I kiss something cheap I mean what
quick pretend to have class pretend you
have class
hello if you would like to pay your
respects to the penny and show that you
will miss the penny or maybe you don't
really give an apple Belt opinion really
you watch this video and hope that I
take my top off
either way click the link in description
to share this video because that helps
and I want to do it and like the penny I
am finished make sure you rate comment
and click that subscribe button because
I do make new videos every Monday and
Thursday so yeah do that
one love superwoman that is a wrap and
Zoop Japan kind member hotbed it rolls
you my parent is my baby that my god you
let me stop it still recording up your
morning it mom you want my life okay
shut up of nicotine easily buddy
director bun phobia let me talk okay I
said shut up
honestly cameras already filled with
stupid idiots and you want to take away
our sense
on top of that our most common sense see
that did it
you see right in there he said you know
you know what I did there
