previously on Super Tuesday lanique
yo-yo ma you gotta make it Pia why
nobody heat the Joker ha a new bond a
carjacking me like a bad sign put this
daya
I'm not even biased when I say yeah I am
not nearly as annoying as my parents but
he said he liked Coraline Monteith
acquainted oh no no no boy no Japan hi
mekka hot dailyroads you might parent
this my pen is that what you want let me
stop it stop worrying up you won't
anymore you want my life okay shut up
of nicotine is after sexy buddy director
bong Cydia movie looker eh I said shut
up
I said shut your bloody mouth go get
today I am Bikram Yoga I'm making video
about those stupid face it in fondant
boutique idea no Nick dr. Kim Masseria
to the Sahel oh sorry Nica Claudia John
it's recording maca to check on mummy
it's recording a chalky you think I'm
stupid I don't know this things I know
everything okay honey hello CD the
recording you two please stop Ottoman
okay tad okay Monty Google to watch you
go see record and get that I don't ah
okay i thik movie Benari Arden hey Kenny
movie
McNair mother mania I discussing many
kids mata Qaddafi Maggie Scott bitch all
about you know Jamie you don't remember
oh jeez buddy Helms
ala coushatta mana man American land but
on it picked it up you're acting major
positive of N and i'll get bettina in
the a big chick guitar haha
mommy is recording everything but okay
who's up what the hell you do
I'm Lily's mother kinda everyday jus
laughing I mean Lily makarov mom stupid
mom down watching YouTube living Brown
family my parents do this everything we
stupid immigrant I know everything today
I thank you but Lily okay monkey is no
don't you can take on pocket because I
am super mommy okay not like this super
yeah pop Santa please if you're up there
I don't know this stupid thing she don't
get mom please stop but I know this one
very good okay Lily's face no this one
to mom I won't get married if you stop I
will get married right now
rich stop me right now okay no hello
hello welcome to my kids do this
my daughter stupid she lazy she idiot
she never do cleaning okay that's what
you think that crazy that you telling
them about Joker she telling you dogged
like Santa Lizzy did she tell you to
tell in demography for nothing mom I
said I was sorry
sorry these are the air she calling me
she among me I want a nugget I want to
convey my one burger I come home and
tired me to market in grocery bag but
you say to me I stutter with a shut off
Italian she come I come up she said
mummy I am going to be vegetarian
microcode finna but your daughter I
trouble you are vegetarian Zeelandia
food iboga mid-market Macri gang I just
telling them token you telling a joke
halwa from okay CD you do play grocery
mom series only on the iPhone why huh
why everything only are your core
because you get it selfish Chopra fee
regard skirt
Thalia cha ok done it is not have to
commit grossly coming Lili lemma one
second I'm coming I am going to say
Arabic jump jump jump jump jump jump
1 2
yeah coming
yeah ma put yogi back on I dare sorry
else do my work again
okay come eat sleep mom where's my Froot
Loops key my Froot Loops
when must you stay for breakfast now did
you can be 15 oh did you write food
databank Rosalind well you should know
man I should look in there suppresses
their the moment always ask for full
oops why can't all see this body have
this drama cheerios touching my junk ok
on midnight lemma 32 do you okay to pick
what you want okay don't tell me later
again let's go okay Ted IKEA this is
yogurt I love yogurt you eat this one
Michael can you for once not nag me why
would I pick it up ma can eat it I love
yogurt a long time okay there's me -
okay thank you
that cap she showed you this ID show
them this one do you think I'm crazy for
joking my yogurt be mine okay mom start
now honey
nokia not an abuti matha bus is the
better super find unity video kid you
can't hear too can't buy the stupid
hello gee when you think 10th eager
Punjab sector 70 oh my God my life is
over
I know what you're thinking literally
dead stupid nearly dead don't know
computer don't know nothing are doing
but if I want you Lily what about the
rooms you know okay dad it's my room
it's my bloody house you pay here you
pay that she not even pay her own bloody
phone well I'm not stupid okay I'm on 10
Facebook everything okay
I know maybe I don't know computer I
don't know test message email I'm stupid
I don't know
I came India years ago I can do three
job okay I already do up to grade eight
India I come here
free job what God's you silly huh you
just selfish let me show you let me show
you this one self fiction mom honey said
to beg dammit it is not working mom is
the turning Schieffer mom how much
should i heated up on a pole mom can you
iron this mom
dad Lily pasta recommended that up dad
and busier
yeah dad can you help me open funnyman
oh god dad right now I'm busy
Lily please recommend okay honestly how
you still more get this
there's wizard where I shall show me
honey I'm doing something out of time no
no no
oh god stop God you didn't feature in a
music video just because I didn't teach
you how to open an email how do you know
how do I move it I got it
okay he's my friend he's right then okay
then - cockney without gay she don't
know sure this young internet you two
boys on the phone yup yup 100% always on
fucking could be bloody dying she want
to share the big head for home they
bought a headphone bottle milk
yeah pick up your the headphone guy yeah
the music song song get Harmelin sauna
pin Puff Daddy poof daddy but always on
the phone that's not you - I am NOT
always on the phone yeah yeah look this
my look this 1:03 press enter mom jido 3
mom you have to press enter the button
next to home hey you don't tell me home
in my house ok you leave get me butter
mmm
butter butter get me butter yeah I paint
and shit but
or you need this butter you said milk
much to my father gap do you know what
they won this number 10 kg make sure
doing the Joker but you hit me Amazon
cos theta no friend today no annoying
tomorrow how to make a fiber crop again
nothing to not you watch this much
content
okay boys are nothing okay idiot hello
I'm GT birthday ever daya
honey honey but get the buzz bar to the
mystique
why
that was one time okay I never said
anything on fire after that hi boo
ace queen metal shopping can't you thank
you thank you very much for Rock setting
fire okay I get it
I'm sorry okay I'm annoying you are not
annoying I'm annoying they do come here
get to done what if everyone it's your
girl superwoman just want to say that my
parents are not annoying I'm annoying
and I'm ashamed of my behavior hard work
can I at least tell them to subscribe
no get off I do this one hello
Manjeet Singh tentacle Punjab's after 17
thumbs up you click give me thumbs up
you like it you give me thumbs on don't
give me the fandom you give it a thumbs
up don't give me that Limca you give me
the thumbs up okay dad black people
aren't gonna get that joke what you mean
we need a seat by watching this uh oakna
that's okay I don't know I know there is
a guide on what all the time that
wondering what it's called kala Oracle
stiva I watch a steelworker all the time
my good store you like the video maybe
to write a comment down so you write
something idea your Daniel Tosh shit
mark sighs thing and you make sure you
subscribe you making new video every
Tuesday time every Monday and Thursday
ok inverse sleep now what did Cathy no
never mind
you're too stupid to understand it
doesn't matter uh it's so matters I'm
just gonna pretend like it doesn't
matter right now so I can bring this up
later and be mad then use your judgment
yeah I don't wanna tell you what to do I
want to see what you do because that one
F up it's all your fault I am testing
you meet at guca Eli yeah
