whatever everyone it's your girl
superwoman da f did this juice really
just rain have her head uh-huh yeah
uh-huh yeah I did you know why cuz it's
a metaphor uh-huh for this video what
girls need because when you hear it you
think it's nice and smooth and straight
forward when actuality it's a wavy hot
mess
also my arm got really tired man look at
this unicorn Taylor nobody got time for
that
he's sitting there like a sucker strain
amendment I don't care man hey show
Kevin root with my culture I don't care
okay show that I can do the frizzy no ma
the addiction Angela oh I could do the
Megan Fox transformer that this is my
thing I'm starting this this is the
trying okay set me straight and swag
video was about something else right
what girls really miss Austin's video so
damn selfish always needs a topic all to
itself now I wouldn't say I'm a dramatic
girl I'm pretty straightforward if I'm
upset I say I'm upset if I matter don't
like something I will say it let's be
real no matter how cool or straight boy
or girl is there still a majority of us
who say things that are confusing is
help
so fellas sit the F down grab a pen and
paper and allow me to make your life
better or possibly worse as I tell you
what girls really mean a leg oh never
mind you're too stupid to understand it
doesn't matter
oh it's so matters I'm just gonna
pretend like it doesn't matter right now
so I can bring this up later and be mad
then use your judgment yeah I don't
wanna tell you what to do I want to see
what you do because that one F up it's
all your fault I am testing you my
stomach hurts I have my period and back
hurts I have my period sad period sad
period
keep a tape of Mars bar on the way home
effing period you don't get it period
you always get me I'm on my period you
don't love me I'm on my period and I
want you to hold me and make me feel
sexy you don't love me I'm on my period
all you can think about it's touching
you get off me
okay then go at yourself wait what hi
you're in danger
yeah okay you need to go back in time
and reverse the sentence you just said
or everything you own is gonna be in a
box to the left whatever
honestly just an F an idiot in the
middle of an argument
uh-huh huh yeah you know I'll try that
then I'll find out oh hi my calling
friend and
girl get this this mother effer wants to
sit up here tell me this was an accident
I'm not oh yeah it was an accident right
this hole just out booty first into you
lucky and don't be playing all innocent
okay because the only thing you plane is
twister with this ratchet slut no you
don't even want to know why so let me
tell you every detail he called me he's
like hi I'm like hi how are you I'm like
fine how are you I don't really give a
damn he's like what's up I'm like
nothing I would ask you myself but we
all know the answer to that is way too
much okay you're nasty I'm tired I'm
gonna go to sleep okay you just pissed
me off and now I'm gonna go to sleep in
hopes that I can dream about drink and
forget about your nonsense what do you
mean you're wrong shut the F up okay oh
my god I look so cute girl that is so
you this store is a slut that dress is a
slut and it's perfect for you you slut
hey I'm gonna go for girls night my
friends and I are gonna get drunk act
like lesbians and complain about you
although I don't get it
you're obviously Wang Kiana see I don't
want to talk about it okay doesn't even
matter what you have to say right now
I'm right you're wrong and you better
start making up for it right now I don't
mind your friends your friends are
obnoxious and disgusting okay I love
your friends I think one of your friends
is hot and you should be more like him
get the opinion on you thought I was
asking you a question that's so cute you
don't have a choice yeah do what you
want okay what you watching exactly what
I want and if it's not you don't care
about me why would I be mad
well obviously since you've called me
out and now it would be stupid for me to
be mad so I'm not mad right now but I
promise you'll pay for this later blah
blah blah blah blah blah but okay the
first part of the sentence is so I don't
sound like a stuck-up douchebag but
everything in the second part of the
sentence will contradict the first part
but that's the part I actually mean for
example I have never been the jealous
type
but you're not allowed to talk to her
anymore okay I rarely ever show because
I'm not that kind of person but you're a
moron I'm tired I didn't shave don't
touch me it's fine
ah it's not funny okay clearly it's not
fine but I don't wanna have to obviously
stay to you that it's not fine because
you should know okay want you to draw a
diagram it's like every time I was that
when you play a game of draw something
for you to get okay if you don't tell me
it's because you talk like me oh I like
that okay remember this remember this
moment
what you did and do this again and don't
do anything else that's dance yeah I
don't care if you want to dance or not
okay I just want to show you how sexy I
can because I've been practicing in
front of the mirror chomp oh you missed
you
well you know if you touched me right
now may not be a bad thing oh my god
this guy is so funny
this guy hate on me and I'm telling you
indirectly so you step your game up babe
come meet my friends they already know
everything about you but before we can
proceed they need to approve you you and
your girlfriend are so cute you're cute
I'm jealous of her girl I am so wearing
flats
tonight I'm gonna Schmeichel can I
somebody hold my her no I did get you go
I don't want to talk to you okay
please explain to me thank you I do not
want an explanation here because
everything you say is wrong arm you have
12 pieces of evidence against you laugh
away because this is a game of Clue I'm
about to kill you in the kitchen with a
wrench and there you go I'm not a saying
this applies to all girls me maybe
there's girls that aren't like that and
to you I say you're in denial to the
rest of us we're gonna enjoy the cookies
in crazyville whoa and that's a wrap I
hope you liked this video tell me a
funny so make sure you rate I need your
approval comment tell me like my hair
and click that subscribe button listen I
really need you to commit right now
because I do make new videos every
Monday and Thursday so make sure you
check them out yeah and if you liked
this video make sure you click the link
in the description to share because
Yogesh helps to put woman needs to eat
dessert you know one love superwoman
that's a wrap and Zoop
hey what up I hope you liked that video
I know it looks like I'm naked but I'm
not I'm wearing clothes I promise now
that I have your attention I just want
to let you know that I've started doing
something kind of long lines of daily
vlogs not daily because I don't do them
everyday but clothes every other day
kind of stuff so you want to check out
my blogs on my second channel there
right there just to see what I'm up to
when it's not Monday and Thursday and of
course like always to check out my last
video you can click right there I'll
just let you go ahead and do that do it
do it matter how confusing is this come
on
