haha uni dummy
you know why nobody need to go over I
don't know I always try to enjoy I don't
really like yogurt look look this one up
look this one do this one okay it's
number ten day okay look look lip up
Lucas buck you keep the bloody Joker
I'm okay hey mom holiday I'm getting
yogurt everyday togurt you see I'm
making protein at every day Joker no
such a joker coach hot handle why why
I'm getting cocky everyday but you throw
me the Joker
I'm eating yogurt every day Joker down
in McDonald a Burger King I'm meeting
the Joker you took it back
the joghurt cut karate holla do you are
the kids all across the land there's no
need to argue parents just don't
understand
what everyone it's your girl superwoman
your mom dad I love you I really love
you you are the apple of my eye and
aren't the uncle if you're watching this
your children love you and you love them
and I love everyone we all love each
other well if one big Brady Bunch happy
family I mean look at us but sometimes
man you just sometimes parents act crazy
yeah I said it and I know it's not just
my parents who do things to irritate me
I feel like God controls all parents if
you will with a universal remote that
has no new button and if you think God
is brown and that remote has plastic on
it let's check it out shall we
oh and play I don't move like this got
it
daddy you come here for a second I need
your help
got it honky Dana oh sorry
subtitles play hockey Dana
I can't just down here you focus the
camera I chop Mindy how you meet gotta
get bonded by line okay Dutch please a
model happen you gotta make it the up
dad final one but I reckon you like
every bar so I put this dial it that all
be okay give me buddy camera hi Nikki
someone going to trip over this table
it's dad just stand here so I can focus
please it's it okay hello dad this isn't
recording I'm just focusing what's it
that here with this Jumeirah party I'm
just focusing to internet the pollen do
do not tell - but what can learn them
you know I take out my part but I can
assure you Mia Internet the pocket
credit card numbers and I realize it but
in the doctor I'm not this no I don't
just cry don't even like this please no
nobody
lynnie touch me okay internet it subtour
iyanya okay I'm done no get a 4k you
don't trust me
you to the jeopardy upon the earth alone
and I'll our passport no get on it
because I went to passport duplicate
consider I'm good please leave please is
it every time my dad walks into the room
he complains about fifty thousand things
dad please it's my room okay that's
annoying and it's irritating and I'm
already frustrated okay cuz I did get a
lot of sleep last night oh oh why why
didn't I get let's check out what's on
channel 14 shall we
Lily Kyoya I kinda channel or a Kia Club
yeah he took our daughter
luckily the son who do me you piss off
okay
only a good night I will get I get all
test messages Tuesday for people Lily
what but that's all for me I make new
videos every Monday and Thursday so make
sure you rate comment and click that
subscribe button
yeah and you know what I don't know what
parents do this stuff I don't know why
this zone I'm not even biased when I say
that I am not nearly as annoying as my
parents
Lily key card eat oh uh I'll just making
a video YouTube it's Thursday Mama's
Thursday what do you say you're not
going Monty that window no no come on
whatever going to girl superwoman but a
lot of emails and messages from people
telling me that they're sad that they
need advice so that they don't know what
to do fuck what I need okay
