groaning you're crying what if everyone
is a girl superwoman but a lot of emails
and messages from people telling me that
they're sad that they need advice so
that they don't know what to do and as
you can imagine I get a very
overwhelming amount of those emails so
it's impossible for me to reply to all
of them although I would love to I can't
there's just like there's so many so I
thought I would make this video on how
to stay positive and I thought what
better time to do this in right now
because if you marry me I know I'm
having a teen seat when you see B and C
with bit of a tough month so I thought
what better time to show you that I
practice what I preach
amen before I start I just want to say
that I'm not claiming to be no wise
know-it-all spiritual leader and stuff
I'm not that but I am a unicorn so you
decide okay you decide if you trust my
credentials so welcome my friend to have
the same positive I have for you five
tips and let go this is a no-brainer
surround yourself with positivity hello
let's put all of your life into a
classroom shall we your boyfriend is
cheated on twelve times yeah that's miss
little caught miss girls do children
through gossip all the time yeah this
miss your parents who just always put
you down and never support you you can't
dismiss them but seek them at the back
of the class friends who support you
front row your iPod with your favorite
music F an a-plus
Superman video on the projector what I'm
trying to get is that you want to be
positive be around positive it's
actually a really simple concept there's
nothing complicated about this okay
positive negative is black or white
there's no colors to confuse you up
infer okay there is no Clipper the red
dog this is just straight zoboomafoo be
around people in things that make you
feel good why are you feeling down well
it's quite simple happy fact mean is hot
joy laughter huh okay it's beautiful mmm
come to mama don't bring straight up if
you're tired of dealing with slap
feeling like cross and being treated
like crap then homie get out the damn
toilet
to send out good vibes aka don't be a
douche duffel bag kill your pissed off
for having a bad day you just feel like
the universe is against you and
everything's going wrong let me break it
down to k the universe is not given ask
about you my friend nobody cares to piss
you off uh hello do you think you are
Mother Nature Zeus
Gandalf friggin Dumbledore that other
issue okay they're not spending their
time plotting against you ain't nobody
got time that it's simple if you want to
have a good day acts like a good person
what do you think you could just be rude
everyone and be obnoxious everyone
they're gonna treat you well you should
write a book how could we dummy for
dummies tell me let me break it down for
you if you send out bad vibes by lying
cheating stealing anything making fun of
people gossiping posting a hate comment
into my YouTube videos you my friend are
putting your focus energy and attention
on negativity so throughout your day
what do you think you're gonna recognize
you're gonna notice that fat girl that
idiot guy that scratch on your car that
person that cut you up and you're gonna
totally ignore that fine guy that person
that held the door open for you or all a
friend that you haven't seen in 10 years
walk right by you but not the food you
might be stressed out and everything in
mind yeah really how can I send out good
vibes leave than me which number I
should test a message a good Bible
because you're so used to being a
shawarma face it's really simple
stop right now pick up your phone spend
a nice text message to someone tweet
someone a compliment me a tie soup on my
hand just say message an old friend go
hug your family you know stop the video
right of that stop the mirror pause the
video positive I'll wait right you're
going are you back are you back okay
well now that you listen to me anyways
click thumbs up like the video hey cool
moving on
know yourself Tommy yeah the day my
hairstylist now we're having a hard time
because you don't wait that's right
about to pay $60 through blow-dry my
hair I'm expecting that comes with some
therapy like this very real man is not
back in jail call wash cut and don't cry
hang awake I'm sitting down she says
something amazing to me she's like the
highest knowledge you can have is
knowledge of yourself and I was just
like wow and it's true because one of
the reasons I'm able to stay so positive
because I'm
in tune with myself and when I say that
I'm not talking about when we say this
and girl I'm the type of person that
always helps people I'm not trying to
brag but I'm never wrong I mean I'm not
like that
that's real every time I've ever said
that were to try to convince other
people and ourselves that we are a
certain way but we're actually a hot
mess I'm talking about really honestly
get to know yourself because baby you
can take Instagram pictures for the rest
of the world but when you're looking at
yourself in no filters are you sensitive
are you stubborn are you silly are you
positive
are you negative are you mean are you
nice what are you figure it out and
figure out why you are the way you are
and then improve what you can change but
then accept what you cannot and then
spend the rest of your life and loving
yourself for who you are mmm because
sweetheart look at me look at me how are
you ever gonna live in peace when you
have your old wars going on inside you
need to deal purpose don't just get by
in life don't just be mediocre mediocre
don't just let the days pass on that
life is a privilege you better treat it
that way make some goals no matter what
they are how small they are have some
targets you want ads you want good race
maybe you want to sit in the Gurdwara
for three hours and have a sore your
legs don't fall asleep whatever is baby
more power to you I'll comp listings be
productive have purpose have a point in
other words don't be but you'll be movie
okay be like Harry Potter or something
gay and get ridiculous up in this mother
wall gosh what did you hear that did you
you hear that get a little droplet
saliva from every Harry Potter fan love
me number four hey you might think this
is the hardest but baby I promise once
you get it it will be the easiest and
that is to black it off don't take life
so seriously of course there are
exceptions and some things in life you
should take seriously but for the most
part to know I said it before and I'll
say it again life is a tragedy for those
who feel and a comedy for those who
think choose your battles my friend your
friend didn't come to your birthday
party chocolate and pop they come every
other year someone cut you off on the
house I don't know why you mad
to really be a pervert about 200 you
want or you want to cut me out I know I
on the problem region movie tell your
mom but anyway you see I have lots of
junk in your trunk up bro all wrong with
me no problem no problem that t-wayne
ma√±ana shoe on you walk down i carried
some stuff and rap for nine months got
stretch marks wound my finger i get at
that pool to take it easy peasy lemon
squeezy
and those my friends are my five tips on
how to stay positive and remember a lot
of things i mentioned may not be you if
you are a negative person if you don't
like sending your good vibes but you
know what that is a decision you make
and positivity just the same is a
decision you can make so the only thing
stopping you from being positive really
right now is it's just you because all
you have to do is decide to be positive
so you my friend right now let's this is
your opportunity
you can either roam in the badlands okay
or you can come to unicorn Island my
friend cuz we have cookies up in her
choice is yours
make it and you know what a really good
way to send out positive vibes is IP you
could share this video click the link in
the description to share this video if
you liked it and before I go I want to
ask you 14c we need a favor so I have
this thing called a Shorty Awards last
year and I didn't go for it but this
year I thought you know I'm gonna go for
Shorty Awards don't really care if I win
or lose just a new experience and I
think it's cool and I want to try it out
and stuff so basically what it is is
awards for social media stuff and I'm
going for best video blogger on the
different categories and love mutation
and stuff like that so if you want to
nominate me for best video blog
or anything else the link is in the
description and right now my like eight
or seven places something like that but
if all of my subscribers would just vote
once then it would be in the first I'll
be in first place
I do go to website and directs you to a
place where you just tweet your
nomination using to say I know a high
school I the best video blogger because
she is a feudal corn or for whatever
reason you want to put I've been
appreciate it if you can spare two
seconds and I'll get me the links again
in the description and that's all I'm
done all talking
my name is super meteora Maya nice to
meet you bro daughter son stop okay I
make new videos every Monday and
Thursday so click that subscribe button
rate and comment as well and I will see
you next time one love superwoman stay
positive my mother's love you guys you
want soup and I remember I used to hate
going back to school particularly back
to university after the holidays because
all my beautiful holiday money would go
but by in the first week of school
Queen Elizabeth mines won't believe me
