what everyone it's your girl superwoman
it's been a little while has it not um
hi thought I would post a video today
not really a new video um first off for
those you who don't know the reason I've
been so am I and not making videos and
stuff is because unfortunately my very
beloved Nanaji aka grandfather passed
away on New Year's Eve um you guys may
recognize him from the rapping with my
grandpa or chillin with my grandpa or my
12:00 cloud was a Christmas I know a lot
of you who are very familiar with him
and you've expressed your kind thoughts
and prayers with me and my family and I
really really appreciate it I've gotten
so many comments and emails and whatnot
of support so I really really appreciate
that you've really been there for me and
helped me through this difficult time so
thank you um what had happened was I was
supposed to release a video on New
Year's Eve because it was Monday I
believe Monday yes um but while editing
that video my mom called me upstairs and
told me that energy was passing away so
that's why that video never went out and
even editing it right now has been quite
an emotional roller coaster
um but nonetheless I believe in
positivity and I promised myself a long
time ago that no matter what happens I'm
going to maintain that mentality so I
have found positive in this difficult
time and that is that in the video it's
actually pretty weird in the video
towards the end I mentioned that this
year you may fall and you should pick
yourself back up and I feel like I'm
actually been talking to myself because
the reality of the situation is that as
I was recording this video when you're
watching it that very moment I was
recording it I wasn't aware of what was
happening downstairs and it's very
possible that energy was passing away at
that time as I was recording it so
appreciate every moment I guess I'm
trying to say I'm not trying to be all
sappy an emotional appreciate every
moment and you don't know what you have
until it's gone so like I say the best
thing to do is know what you have while
it's still here so make sure you have
hug your loved ones and um in terms of
me making videos I like I mentioned on
my Facebook fan page I'm not completely
sure when I will start making regular
videos as I was
very close to my grandpa and he's my
closest friends and so I don't know
might be Monday it might be Thursday
might be next week I have no idea how
I'm gonna feel I appreciate your
patience and support so until I make
another video knows when thank you and
this right now following is the video
that was supposed to be released on New
Year's Eve what one love superwoman
thank you so much from bottom my heart
suddenly and camera-shy what everyone is
a girl superwoman New Year's Eve oh snap
crackle I thought for New Year's Eve I
would make you a sentimental video just
expressing my gratitude to all of you um
so it's from superwoman and Lily
although they're pretty much the same
person but Lily has much more emotion so
I'll just yeah let's do it
I honestly want to say that 2012 I can
say has been one of the best years of my
life and I know that a lot of that has
to do because of all of you it's a year
one made a lot of decisions I decided
you know what I'm gonna do the
entertainment thing I'm gonna take the
risk I'm not gonna follow the whole go
to school become doctor lawyer get
married I'm not gonna do that I wanna do
something different I decided this year
I was gonna make two videos a week and
I've been doing that that's just this
year that happened and although it's
been a really risky move you have shown
me nothing but support and I couldn't be
more thankful and grateful nothing I say
in this video is gonna express to you
how thankful I am but hopefully you see
it in my face and my word that I really
appreciate your support so much honestly
this year has been so amazing and the
experiences I've gone through the people
I've met London I've been privileged to
go to Vancouver Calgary Philly New York
New Jersey Montreal just to name a few
off the top of my head and when I go to
these places it's absolutely amazing to
meet people because every person has
that story you know they have that past
they have that present they're gonna
have a future and I feel like when I
meet them and I see them and I shake
their hand or I hug them and talk to
them even if it's for a minute I get to
be a part of that I get to be a part of
their story and to me that's really a
it's a blessing that I get to meet all
these wonderful people and it's a
blessing that they connect with me they
connect with what I do and they
appreciate it and they show that
appreciation I so enjoyed as an youtuber
we see all your comments you know I read
through all the comments you read under
my videos and I appreciate them so much
but it's hard to actually put a face to
those comments you see a bunch of words
and they still mean something to you but
when you actually meet people in person
and you can put a face those comments
and it wow those are real people that
write those comments the feeling is just
amazing to see that you could connect
with people across the world just
through doing something on the Internet
and I genuinely want to tell you that
for the first time in my life I feel
like I properly belong somewhere and I
properly belong in this and I feel like
what I'm doing is what I'm meant to be
doing and I know I keep doing this a lot
but this is what I do when I'm being
genuine so and honestly it's not just
the website I'm not talking about a
website ww2 calm forget them it's not
about that it's not about me uploading a
video on to a website it's more than
that it's about what that does it's
about connecting with people connecting
with you connecting with you has been
one of the greatest things I've ever
done in my life okay the bucshon up here
from the bottom of my heart thank you so
much for supporting me because without
you I would just be a weirdo with a
camera which I still AM but you watch it
so that makes it okay you supported me
on Facebook Twitter YouTube just do
everything take the time to send me
messages and comment on my stuff and I
just love you and look I know I don't
know you personally I don't know your
name or know what you look like but I
can honestly say there's a part of me
that genuinely loves you because you've
supported me so blindly you don't know
me personally either but you see me and
you support me and wrong and just today
I hit 175 thousand YouTube subscribers
Oh what I never even imagined I would
hit that and that's all you you little I
composed like Beethoven I just want to
end on a note of something I've been
thinking about today and that is
regarded New Year's resolutions I know
December 31st every year we write down
all these resolutions and things we want
to do
what I want to say to you do not like to
be real I like to be real what I want to
say to you is that in 2013 you will fall
you will get upset you will get
heartbroken things will go wrong and
what I want to tell you is that you
don't need to wait until the end of the
year to decide it's a new beginning
every single day any day you choose how
you go into Rupp this Kodak moment
phoo what I want to say is that any day
you choose any day you choose can be a
new beginning so in 2013 if something
doesn't go your way don't think oh
that's it the year is done I can't do
anything no wake up the next morning and
make it happen
2013 is your year I believe in you
follow your dreams and when I say follow
your dreams
that doesn't mean dream about them that
means wake up and make it happen okay
stop wishing start doing I believe in
you 2013 this is your year you're all as
for me I'm gonna get going um thank you
so much again I'm a bottom my heart for
supporting me in 2012 but I can only
promise you in 2013 it's gonna be bigger
and better with bigger projects and
merchandise and of course every Monday
and Thursday we don't have a cesky party
so my lovers have a very safe and happy
new year I wish the best for you and
your family make sure you're safe
tonight
drink responsibly if you're gonna drink
don't drink and drive and smile lots
embrace the moment don't Instagram it
although I will probably Instagram it my
I love you so so so so much best wishes
one love superwoman 2012
that's all wrap and Zoop
