yeah
key pains in love with me what everyone
it's your girl superwoman and look if
they mouth got kicked out of one
direction this is what it would look
like white as f t accept that patch over
there near the patch and the tires go
over the snow turns all black yeah
that's Eminem Slim Shady moments not
personally not too fond a winter okay I
hate it and I know the tattoo on my
wrist says out hate but straight up I'm
thinking about going back and telling
them to change it to put bracket except
winter and bras winter and bras I hate
winter and Ross both things that you
rotate my nipples Sally Mumm people are
walking around I think I'm crazy yeah I
don't like winter I don't okay yeah okay
it looks pretty looks pretty but I'm a
girl let's be real everything that's
prettier than me is a slut so logically
winter is a slut here's why snow is a
slut shoveling snow is like a hot girl
out of club she walks into the club
looking all fly off sparkling you're
like
yeah I want to look at that send the
chill up your spine but it feels good
not so good it's a good dice gellick
type pain but as the night progresses
the girl gets drunk and she starts
falling everywhere she starts going out
of control snowstorm it's fun to watch
it's exciting but eventually oftentimes
the next morning you realize all crap I
need to tend to this ish and pick this
hot mess up shoveling snow is horrendous
especially when you have brown parents
because for some reason Brown parents
feel the need to compare themselves to
everyone else put everything like this
is how I see it if we don't have to go
anywhere I don't have to reverse my car
go not to drive why am I gonna shovel
the driveway just leave it let it melt
on its own right
no when uncle-ji neighbor comes out to
shovel his driveway that our driveway
doesn't look nice and by the way uncle G
I know you watch my videos I'm not
talking about you I'm talking about the
other uncle G
the Chinese uncle G cool the COO is
grading our driveway who is judging or
driveway right now honestly is this just
another stupid rich tux use hanji your
daughter looks good you know look it's
good smart brain school education but to
move outside drive where hard key
actually drive with a slow fire CNG I
don't know we want our fund in this kind
of family what put a motel
it's not hard
hello murder next driving in the winter
my yard the stress I get it
driving in the winter is scary I
understand but honestly sometimes it's
just not that bad I mean if there's one
millimeter of snow on the ground I'm
talking like so minimal where it looks
like God just scratched his head and a
few flakes of and Rafael and you are
driving five kilometres an hour with
your emergency lights on you need to
check yourself before you wreck yourself
hey what what you don't record yourself
on the camera on your driver
well oh I know I'm crazy hello daddy are
you going to beat my mum mum the cut
cheese me and honestly forget about
driving let's talk about having to clean
your car when it's left outside after a
snowstorm cannot get an amen in the
summer it's bird Pepe and the winter had
snow aka angel duck beat I feel like I'm
always cleaning some crap out of my car
give me a big so I'll be standing there
freezing as I am now trying to clean my
car rushing the front brush in the back
and then I'll realize halfway through
that my wipers are frozen I'll struggle
with that for a while but due to
frostbite I'll give up sit inside my car
and drive home anyways then the whole
way home my wiper which is half icicle
which beard it's pain every time I wife
it's like diarrhea ice edition
you know what also knows me when I'm
angelic enough to give my friends a ride
in the winter like you know what you
don't have a car you need a lift
we are friendship I can give you a ride
no problem it's fine my friend but then
how is it that one is cold you are
sitting in my warm car and I am cleaning
the snow of my car and outside pumping
gas Oh what I do not care if I have just
one brush you better be standing beside
me with a nephron megaphone and sign for
moral support I mean at least offer to
help or pump the gas I'm no taxi do I
look like taxi if you think I'm taxi
then Jew racist and honestly I hate
being cold you know those days where
it's so cold where you step outside take
a breath in the first breath your nose
hair / boogers freeze I'm talking
instantaneously please stop wind thank
you and my no just gets iced out I step
outside take a deep breath just
bling-bling every time I come around a
steady bling-bling I start workers
freaking to change my nostrils it's no
fun to be done ready they're ready to
fun to big arrive upon I'm a rapper Sun
Luang ain't got nothing on this bling
bling every time I come around you're
selling bling bling it's not a car over
there I'm sure they're gonna call the
cops soon or animal control but can we
just be real for a moment let's be real
let's have a hard talk Shh let's have a
heart-to-heart
I feel like it is acceptable in the
winter to have your book or showing
Kashmir a lap can we be real in the
winter you see your friends booger you
see your friends boogers don't lie today
you probably saw your friends booger
it's okay I feel like it becomes
acceptable in this season where you know
we can control in the summer put that
issue away but in the winter we see each
other's boogers you probably see mine
I'll probably see yours it's fast
embrace it bugger it up in conclusion
winter I just like you and it's not just
the major things I've mentioned already
it's the small things okay it's the fact
that I can't take my boots off without
my socks coming off in the process it's
the fact that I can try my best to
triple jump across the floor but once I
take my boots off I know I'm gonna end
up stepping on that wet mat resulting in
stank
dank smelly wet socks but
you know I'm a happy unicorn and I
believe in being positive so there is
one positive thing about winter that I
discovered this morning are you ready
for this
have you seen the way Instagram filters
look on snow you're on that no follow me
on instagram you'll check it out
Instagram and Twitter and Facebook all
those social media thing I am a social
media whore are wrong check it out right
there daddy stop making the noise please
I'm trying to make living off youtube
thank you but I kinda just come McCarthy
I boom to come not interrupt my friend
please click thumbs up it's right there
click it because you know why my thumb's
are frozen like this so please just do
it make sure you comment and click that
subscribe button because I do make new
videos every Monday and Thursday I
promise it won't be this dark
every time can you even see me no no you
cannot damnit boom I'll see y'all on
Monday walk one love superwoman and I'm
doo doo doo - thank you
my dad was reversing daddy do you see me
daddy did that you see that you think
that Dad you see me right now please
please reverse right onto me in my video
please that'll make a viral hit you go
bail me out
family's on their way wait here pretend
to care with a runaway
doorbell rings they'll come in let's all
be the snack the Mustang and some dough
stand out
