macton whatever one's your girl
superwoman and I've had a long tiring a
straining day so I decided to be
mediocre and make a question/answer
video but I still love you and you let
me tell good time everybody
work work work my question is vaisyas
here we go question number one will you
marry me I do not do marriage okay I do
video games if I want to do marriage and
even if you were Mario you would not be
getting none of these pictures right her
all right
the first time I recorded a video with
one of my friends in the room there
being a nuisance
she's a question number two who's your
celebrity crush yeah I also don't do
questions I only believe in realistic
relationships for example I have a child
chatting Tatum and um I'm dating Orlando
Bloom I'm not like forgetting delusional
number three Where's Waldo in your
mama's wind poo home right cuz your mama
a whole without the beat number four do
you watch Gossip Girl I do not watch
Gossip Girl because I feel have too many
girls in my life as is but my friend
apparently looks exactly like Mona from
Gossip Girl you can check out my other
videos I've never been any wetter feel
like that's pretty the next question um
in transition do you really have all
that Crown Royal in your house yes I do
have all that crown Romano's called
being Punjabi and it's because my dad is
trying to go throw gum at me homie
number seven wait number six number
seven one two should I eat this slice of
cheesecake or an apple always the
Cheesecake no one wants to eat Apple
doctors are hot you don't want to keep
them away number eight what would you do
if your daughter dressed up like Lil
Wayne like you do number nine
someone has why do you talk too much why
are you such a smelly cat submit Li care
when feeding you why does rain drop and
snow fall because Mother Nature is a
drunken hot mess he tries a different
way to pass out every season that's why
that's why ya will be +5 money to zero
the next question why do you dress like
a man because your boyfriend likes it
now because my lady balls are too big to
fit into your mini skirt okay that's
like your friend threw this at me you
want me to wear this click like comment
below taking advantage of props being
thrown right here just kidding mom don't
sorry don't watch this why are you
asking people to ask you questions if
you're not going to answer them not my
friend I just don't do what I'm doing
right now get on that buddy boy I'm in a
bad mood today would you live with the
gorillas who know sign language or dog
who sings lullabies I don't know other
guys who sing so let go right now with
sign language what is your makeup
routine cover pimples clearly I feel
cover upper lip hair cuz I haven't got
it done number three create eyebrows how
many boyfriends have you had
how many members were there on
Backstreet Boys how many members were
there and b2k nine veg or non-veg Big
Mac no meat son what is an average day
of your life like it went up eat get
ready go out eat get sleepy promise to
be more productive the next day fall
asleep while eating number nineteen why
don't you go with it get it getting cuz
I would want my boyfriend to call me
more than every six months oh-oh-oh
working out the money
are you into white guys um I think I got
a Cuba my friend is so into white guys
she's all like let me clone myself stand
here you stand here I stand here would
be a Oreo cookie bro do I like hot
cheetos hot chick
there's hot cheetos apparently there's
hot shirt she's like I depends you with
spices these are the spices I'd have me
like tolerance I'm like a white girl
does that racist I'm sorry I don't think
it is but I can't do any spices I'm
really pansy so I probably wouldn't like
hot cheetos I'm probably just like the
normal cheeto and that's all the crazy
question that would be add to
unfortunate what I want y'all to do
right now I keep hitting the wall keeps
hitting Mike huh what I want y'all do
right now comment below let me know what
Christmas themed videos you want to see
from me you want to make noise over
there the corner you want you brother
while making a video get new friends
applications be accepted from your
friends because you jealous I'm sorry
she's terrible I kissed her forehead I
just ate with little beads i buddy boy
yeah comment below letting me know what
Christmas these videos you want to see
because starting my next video I'll be
doing onto the mandala in my videos and
it's gonna be Christmas and be awesome
and I'm sorry videos late and this is
every time so soon normally wait
comment and click subscribe because I
make new videos every Monday and
Thursday I love you to be
and you're great and you're wonderful
and I love you and thank you so much for
watching
maybe do one love superwoman that is a
wrap and Z is you o people o Z evening
so welcome to super mr. coil on how to
dance at parties like a number one
family parties now chances are you don't
even want to be at this party there's
unfilled uncle's is annoying cousins
there's people judging you your pajamas
probably so tight and if you do a proper
move it'll split down for you this is
what I do I stand by the camera and wait
for me to think of something to do I
thought of something
