I've been epic swag guy what if everyone
it's your girl superwoman hello
everybody and time and time and time
again people ask me superwoman make
dance tutorial video make money with
song video make video of dawns you
wanting dance working dance so welcome
to Superman's tutorial on how to dance
at parties like a number one family
parties now chances are you don't even
want to be at this party there's I'm
teasers uncles is annoying cousins
there's people judging you your pajamas
probably so tight and if you do a proper
move it'll split down the boot email
Facebook or to get you guys how you
wanna dance girls what you want to do is
act like you just got hit by a truck but
in one leg you want to do the lip but
for some reason you're awkwardly happy
that this truck hit you so you have a
bit of a perv smile that's today
yesterday then what you want to do is
play pattycake with yourself now years
of your mother forcing you to make it'll
be have prepared you for this moment
this is the moment here and now
make it count girl Miki count you want
do this you want to do this none of this
none of this don't be a fucking weirdo
what's it no you want to the 45-degree
just like that just like that and yes
there's a high chance that you'll get
sucked into one of those circles of
death go with it
I understand it is the merry-go-round of
lameness but if you try to break that
Reynes you die so you my friend ring
around Rosie auntie like your life
depends on it
I'm the wrong type of Indian right now
and now for the boys now chances are
every uncle at this party is drunk so
all you have to do is match those drunk
uncle's that's what you do I want you to
lower your IQ a bit take off your nerdy
glasses unbuttoned your shirt a little
bit if you could borrow your mom or
sisters hair
tape it right there plus points within
the next five minutes tried to gain a
beer belly I need you to dig deep down
to your inner pervert right now just
magic fingers and unlike the girls you
have many options
number one the armpit sniff and stretch
number two with a boobie slam
number three the Rishta and you want to
goo your head to your shoulders here for
bonus points number two you can find me
in the club
jailings out my friend it's not that
hard almost all songs tell you exactly
what to do just listen to the words and
act accordingly
Oh
but hello be careful this isn't always
the smartest option this doesn't apply
to every action song
Oh
because if you do that your mommy sees
you shouldn't take a wooden spoon and be
like at this let me beat this girls
behind the tongue - Tong Tong tongs
Jorge boss or selling everything's a
threat everything's effectual dose or
side flip your burger that's right
you'll turn your heart up Norman ah
digging myself deeper in the hole joint
on the table are you my friend right
there
worst-case scenario if you feel really
awkward because it still can't dance
just pretend like you're more into the
rapping and singing of the song and rap
and sing along and if you don't know the
words gay he'll just say watermelon and
that's blue sorry give me one second
sissy got a PG yeah I know your stutter
daughter's watching right now just
wanting unti can you make me some job
your job is the best could you make me
some please
thanks anything love you so much thank
you we'll be right here
Oh - Dirty Dancing so drag the party and
then some guy you think is really hot
I'm you dancing he dance he comes up -
all of a sudden whoopsie Daisy has pee
pees on your booty you both dancing you
don't know what to do the key here is
synchronization from both parties that
means that the girl is grinding her hips
all like that boy you best not be behind
her - Macarena like this key
synchronization you are not putting the
jumpy so if you don't know what to do
Smirnoff my friend the key sure is
acting like a unit come on
what up math class one plus one equals
two people say movement common
denominator and it's getting happening
here degrees degree Celsius that is the
unit of measurement so he starts busting
out inches you be like hold up put your
ruler away before I divide my friend and
that is what you do unless you trying to
get into his bed mass and buy your f you
math teacher I deserve to feel that
tribology test
hungie thank you okay yeah Angie we're
studying sorry for math yeah exactly
ah number four crowded parties
I'm kidding there's nothing in here it's
just a frog I don't drink da da da da
this is the fifth time I've tried saying
a line that's $8 every time so it's now
Tom honey da ha you ever been to a party
it's a hot FMS because it's so jammed
pack is just a few minutes Anja and
there's noodles everywhere and this
might jam and I want to dance but I
can't cuz there's seven people all up in
my personal space what do you do I'm
gonna tell you right now I be obnoxious
through dance
if people don't move you make them you
don't give them a choice but to move oh
my god it's my jam oh my god oh my god
right yeah it's my jam right it's my dad
this is my child my child and if that
doesn't work just fart and that
concludes my very useful guide on how to
dance at parties vol 1 this holiday
season oh you get them banquet halls
with your beautiful moves and if for
some reason you still can't dance
don't stress just keep calm and you oh
what up t-shirt reference you like my
shirt I don't you like my shirt keep
calm and blood that's right big shots at
Urban Ink for sending me this shirt they
got this shirt and a whole bunch of the
awesomesauce shirts make sure you check
out at www.regulations.gov purchase you
my friend will say 15% off my young 15%
off make sure you check it out make the
perfect gift red and white for Christmas
and for coca-cola so make sure you check
it out there's your Christmas shopping
right there turban ENCOM to shout out to
them all their information and the
coupon code and all that cool stuff is
in the description below is that still
there or did you to change that is the
description still blow I believe it is
and that's it make sure you rate comment
and click Subscribe because I do make
new videos every Monday and Thursday and
I
to have you here so you know just just
click it one love superwoman and as soon
and somehow it's F in December 10th
which means Christmas is right around
the corner
happy happy ho so interesting so
interesting what if Santa Claus dressed
up as a thesaurus for Halloween smoke
floats look I just want to say that I
just noticed that my heater was on that
whole video which means you heard a lot
oh sorry yeah I'm bad at everything
