I gotta fucking gotta fucking Phil
ascension whatever one is your girl
superwoman and somehow it's effin
December 10th which means Christmas is
right around the corner
happy happy ho so interesting so
interesting what if Santa Claus dressed
up as a thesaurus for Halloween sluts
looks look wait this video at a point
right now hold up wait a minute put a
sock in it I know happy you're gonna be
like like your Indian you don't
celebrate Christmas rah rah rah okay
fine I'm not Christian but I still like
to celebrate the festivities of
Christmas and I personally don't think
there's an issue with this so yes I have
a Christmas tree yes I believe in Santa
Claus and yes I watch authors perfect
Christmas every year he's my favorite
author Berk so stop telling me what I
can and cannot celebrate okay I just
want the gifts if Pussycat Dolls could
sing jingle I can sing jingle bells okay
it's a very good what what is happening
here and on behalf of every person that
celebrates Christmas tis the season to
be a broke mother F up first of all you
make a Christmas list and let's be real
our Christmas list is like our Facebook
list okay half the people on this we
don't even like what up social
obligations so you got family friends
co-workers boyfriends girlfriends pets
and that's the problem with the holidays
everyone's so happy and joyous that we
begin to think people actually matter
briefie I didn't put her birthday I
didn't go to her going-away party isn't
she married Sheeran I'm not even sure
haven't you talked to pretty but it is
Christmas okay Rieti something small
Michael Kors watch couldn't get Michael
Kors a few with Michael cause my visa
begs two different priorities people the
only people that should be on that list
are your parents and your pets don't
forget about the pets monkeys be
strolling to Ikea wearing fur coats and
ish and your dogs probably licking his
balls in your kitchen right now upgrade
your pets son Merry Christmas that puppy
do not get me started on Secret Santa I
know people do that to save money where
it's like oh don't buy all of us a gift
just buy one of us again no no okay I'd
rather buy ten chocolate bars from the
dollar store than have a $50 limit for
one of you that I probably don't like or
no and then on top of that I got about
one person a gift we're gonna open in a
little circle I gotta be creative and
thoughtful and go the extra mile
time is money people secret santa
selection times coming around that
basket that had that whatever the thing
i'm evolved is coming around on please
pick my name please pick my name man I
got my own name
how easy would that be a friggin bottle
of wine Magic Mike on DVD I give myself
all sorts of presents Santa Claus just
moved me from the nice to the naughty
list I'm okay with that
I know Shonda Claus not real I know
Santa Claus my mother yeah I figured it
out when I was younger when I love the
Spice Girls and when the Spice Girls
came up with a movie called spice world
and I was all like I was buddies they
were doing all types of chores so I
thought I'll get me spiceworld angry
worried the didja because I learned in
fights were good bloomin I won't expire
friend
Shanta plea I wake up Christmas morning
super excited go look under the tree and
find this mom golly marriage is not the
same as Scary Spice okay
Jew racist speaking of shopping let's go
what's the easiest present you can buy
some one little shop for that chocolate
but do you see how expensive chocolate
is during the holiday season Ferrero
Rocher 1099 oh why don't you just relax
for rare role have you ever seen a
Ferrero Rocher commercial on TV it's
like an effing short film there's angels
there strippers as a mansion there's
people acting all dramatic for some
reason this is my motion for dramatic
there's a story line there's a climax
and then out of nowhere it will start
raining chocolate and some creeper guy
will be like fuck laughs fuck world's
Russia why don't you just relax with
that not make a porno commercial okay
and then sell those little balls of
chocolate of peanuts for 399 that way
I'm happy because I saving money and I'm
not sexually frustrated watching your
peewee what were the blood the bloody
man pot of gold 14.99 what really okay
you know what else has a pot of gold
Lucky Charms that issues five bucks okay
in every marshmallow and that tastes
good
where's your three chocolates will taste
good and the rest of the chocolates will
taste like leprechaun diarrhea relax
with the cherry mango lime cream
smoothie little chocolate fudge thing
okay
peanut butter on that thing but forget
gifts I don't even spend all my money on
gifts you expect me to walk through them
all and not buy this decorative Kleenex
box that's shiny and Christmas for
$14.99 oh I love those effing things
it's the holiday season we can I expect
me to do some generic Kleenex box from
the hall
do I look like some sort of rational
person my boogers deserve to celebrate
Christmas walking through the mall
there's a direct correlation between the
number of Christmas carols I hear and
the number of times I opened my wallet
$9.99 for a Christmas card I could just
go home and print it jingle bell jingle
bell Jingle Bell Rock you're gonna honey
and that's act here Christmas Carol
another longish all my heart call turned
all the way to the cashier I'm like your
give me phone would you like to donate a
dollar to the Christmas Kids Foundation
I don't know I just don't in the rudolph
the red-nosed reindeer all sports are
for kids here's my visa Merry Christmas
and I do not care how broke you are okay
you do not have a heart if you walk past
those people in the malls and all the
streets that are part of the Salvation
Army they're sending then I could be
broke as hell I'm walking by a boy I
contact avoid I can't I keep going keep
going keep going
Undertaker joke's on some girls
chokeslams of guiltily mm be broken go
to hell those options you know what I'm
really sorry for walking by you are
hazards have a Merry Christmas I just
caught the watch with the other hand
holy crap I'm wicked and the waste
stores are decorated the way products
are sold everything just seems better
during Christmas I bought deodorant the
other day I looked at it okay okay fresh
garden scent
now with more joy uh hell yes I want I
want more joy are you am I the only one
not getting I want more joy don't get me
wrong I love the holiday season but
unless the North Pole is some strip club
in which for some reason they're hiring
funginner dancers I my friend cannot
afford so please keep greetings come and
have a happy holiday season make sure
you rate comment and click Subscribe
which is for some reason down there now
when I guess a la YouTube because I do
make new videos every Monday and
Thursday and make sure you check out my
twitter and my facebook which are in
description let in the description
because i'm gonna have a bunch of
awesome contests for the holiday season
in which you get free stuff or do click
you can flee click and free very simple
as for now like a turban that's a wrap
one love superwoman and soon to too
yeah
defeat Oh - Kavya to be to do guardian
