dude what about you wanted your girl
superwoman and it's been nice knowing
you goodbye that's right because the
world is ending my superheroes
apparently on December 21st the world is
ending which I personally find really
annoying and are selfish because I would
get to go Boxing Day shopping which
means I'm gonna have to die in clothes
that I paid full price for
thanks a lot world I don't want the
world to end I'm just starting to like
it but just in case I've compiled a list
of things to do before the world ends so
listen to it okay thanks watch the
entire Twilight series and then watch
Sesame Street to see Count Dracula turns
me on
giggity-giggity apologize to my parents
for last 24 years hug rebeccablack make
a big aunt attack burn all my bras
I hate bras on December 20th I'm gonna
start working out so that way for the
first time in my life when I don't work
out the next day I would have had a
valid excuse as to why do you want go I
was gonna do a dripper but then the
world ended dressed as a black cat and
then walk by people like this eat all
the red Sparty's first call Meg from
Family Guy and compliment her watch an
old episode of mr. wrestle get Daily
Grace to comment on this video because
she's my long-lost twin yeah our parents
were interracial my mom was previously
married to Justin Timberlake that's
right baby bye bye bye coincidence I
think not sexed all my exes and say bet
you wish you could die with this boot
hey find the man that says now available
on iTunes and kick him in the balls get
rock bottom by the rock and by rock
bottom Remi take it out to eat at a sexy
buffet after Smackdown hotel
oh is it hot here actually send a cookie
to the person who comments first on
something for their outstanding
achievement finally update whatsapp get
no world problems trending on Twitter I
want to go to every rude person draw an
X on their forehead look up in
first I want to go into McDonald's order
a bag full of smiles and then pay them
with a blank cheque I want to buy a
samosa take on all the inside that eat
just the crust hello tell your friends
would you really think of them honestly
man you're a really good friend like
you've always had my back you just
you're awesome ask your friends what
they really think of you your video suck
this one first drive a Lamborghini while
listening to mercy Lamborghini man hey
yeah Texas affinity something something
something something where she oughta
fish with us all the right song watch
the movie it again and try not to
urinate watch the movie Inception again
and figure out what the f is going on
Jenna calm down it attached work have a
thumb war with her thicker ocean have a
dance-off with honey boo boo go through
a drive-thru on a horse order a veggie
burger with bacon have shots with
muscled glasses from Epic Meal Time
finally learn how to use Excel take off
all privacy settings on Facebook and
finally accept my mom as a friend find
juvenile and back that gang up drink a
bottle of coca-cola with a polar bear
during the holiday season actually learn
how to play minesweeper instead of
clicking random boxes and killing the
smiley face tweet and Facebook share
this video because it'll save your life
but ask me that's my list of things I
want to do before the world and do
comment below and tell me what you want
to do my friend make sure you rate
comment and click that subscribe button
because I do make new videos every
Monday and Thursday I love to have you
here we have a ski yoku cool and I just
wanna let you know if the world does and
I'm very glad that you wasted your life
watching my videos know what must all of
you one love superwoman that is a wrap
and Zoop
what if everyone's a girl Superman hope
you enjoyed that video like always click
there to watch my last video and if you
click right there there's a subscribe
button it's right there and if
haven't subscribed to me yet what are
you doing I have awesome songs videos
and awesomesauce friends and we're gonna
convince you to click that subscribe
button by making faces at you click
subscribe do it just do it
ya know world and people makes Lily go
something something crazy don't mind if
I do
what up t-shirt reference mr. Sokka
