what everyone's your girl superwoman
guess sort of guess what I'm doing right
now I'm just I'm chillin like a villain
definitely not like studying test exam
nor me over you oh yeah you might be
studying for a test or an exam don't
feel bad that just means you're less
cool and me just kidding no but really I
know a lot of y'all going through your
final tests and exams and I feel for you
I remember being in school those few
times I went to class what huh role
model role model and honestly there was
no force in this world that could make
me study for a test or an exam earlier
than the day before what took evolution
years to do I'm about to do it one night
biology human anatomy chapter one leg
gap and I remember the hardest part
about studying is getting started and if
you're anything like me you spend 99% of
your energy preparing to study and 1% on
actual studying ok I need to tell you I
don't have a desk with my dad ok my desk
is messy have to clean my desk ok clean
my desk now I have this pile of crap I
need to put somewhere have to clean my
closet I think my drawer ok my mom's
gonna be home soon I have to wash the
dishes I don't want to make her upset
don't be selfish ok done cleaning out my
desk before I start studying I need to
eat I don't want to be distracted
halfway better eat something sandwich
nah I need more energy than that I need
like a gourmet pasta with some Caesar
salad and some garlic bread do I know
how to make it if he's no boob Network
ok but study I need a pencil or a pencil
don't have a pen so look at the time
staples as clothes don't have a pencil
up but I have a tree in my backyard oh
my gosh oh this reminds me of Jason
finders 13 now I have watching with you
find the finish eating it down to
studying open my book hello my name is
professor nation deep saying why you why
you stressing I'm going to teach you how
to study teach a teacher has to teach
you how to teach teach how to study
number one 80% of this is BS so make
like BS be and quit playing games you
need to learn how to filter through the
boss my friend paragraph 1 reads what is
the human body the human body is a
fascinating creation that has evolved
over time our reproductive system allows
us to further populate the planet
through complex neck and
when a man and woman fall in love
hormones are excreted and our genitals
become alert and excited it's a process
thousands of years in the making and
over the next 30 chapters we will
explain it in detail
nah nah you can't be taking notes on all
that garbage I don't care what the
textbook says this is what you should be
reading listen Erin it's a joke
evacuated care mind monster bumper
Internet let it all be much to see
remember it took a guy hot you wanna
have a picnic she then you turn her
around your Masha front off nine month
ni out cover you would never but man
show you how to warm but Clyde shot
supportive way Buddhist cheesy you need
to read everything like a Jamaican
because Jamaicans get straight to the
point they don't mess around what is pi
tree what is one plus two Trey what
medication would you prescribe trees
number two acronyms are your BFFs see
that in there you see you see you see
what I did there shut up you see Wow any
time you need to memorize anything make
an acronym I used to like the stupidest
acronyms but I would always remember
them that nacio because every day my
Apple slips Bert Ernie do much anal
stuff but lay eggs do music all Saturday
the periodic table na the period symptom
table H hurting H e he doesn't
understand Li little devils have my
stomach ee be careful what you say to me
you freakin douche bag B you're such a
bore on C and oh oh oh he's guy sounds
stupid f I think I've made my point and
Eve yeah and a not good not good
mg my yeah number three don't be a jerk
and you might be wondering what the
bumper off does that have to do with
you getting good marks and studying let
me explain these days teachers are hella
lazy and a lot of times they'll do that
whole pass your paper one back what up
peer marking and you won't turn around
and give your paper to the same girl
whose boyfriend you accidentally kissed
let's just say it's America's Got Talent
and you can't sing baby question 1
question 2 question 3 5 and now because
of your slutty history you fan this week
I see a swastika did I do bloody number
4 prioritize your time I can't tell you
how many times I spent 20 minutes on a
question worth 3 marks what organs are
required for reproduction I'm sitting
there quote nish from the Bible making a
storyline frigging writing a Bollywood
song referencing jism throwing in
references or Magic Mike soon enough
there's five minutes left in the test I
turn the paper over and there's three
essay questions worth twenty marks each
yes yes note three marks three points
three sentences what is required for
reproduction sentence 1 a 1 2 A 1 2 3 a
1 2 seconds - a 5 6 a 3 4 5 a 1 2
seconds 3 7 7 7 7 . what out friends
reference if you do not get that joke
you need to make like the Twinkies and
dismiss yourself from the planets all in
all - all my students I feel your pain I
used to hate exams I wouldn't remember
anything the whole test in the last five
minutes suddenly I become an
encyclopedia and remember to answer
everything and then start writing so
fast my hands are turning in my hands
all cramped up and I walk into class
looking like Abernathy and dancer but
you know what I woke up feeling good
being oh my god totally aced that
biology test I see my friends are like
what up y'all like yeah brother Wu and
they're all congratulations man we
finally done math I'm like sure you mean
to tell me hypotenuse is not an organ
summer school ain't all bad
no a real real tall good luck to all my
people studying for your test exams make
sure you study hard concentrate get off
the put down in the Facebook YouTube
school you can stay on YouTube cuz you
know like yo I think I think I've made
my point and hey to help you or possibly
make you fail I will be posting some of
my old videos every
from the release of this video and hopes
that you can take a break every hour let
me beat up KitKat kids get get get get
ma no bees will do what what what
happens up here look what what happens
up here
I don't know and hey if you're supposed
to be studying right now but instead
you're watching this video click that
like button make sure you call it and
click Subscribe because I do make new
videos every Monday and every Thursday
good luck my sexy things one love
superwoman that is a wrap and Zoop
hey what if I hope you enjoyed that
video as always click here to see my
last video and look over here to see a
handsome UK man huh what straight
classic that is my boy inquisitive
illustration he's here all the way from
the UK in Toronto for his first
international art exhibition happening
this Sunday December 2nd at creatures
collective in downtown Toronto make sure
you're checking out all the information
is in the description below I will be
there he will be yeah he will be there
zoo babies will be there a whole bunch
of sauce people will be there he has
that colorful ink spilled work that
you're always like oh my god so pretty
and I can see it in real life for all
information click below and you can
check it out yo Keep Calm my imagination
is free Oh what
