camouflage what if everyone it's your
girl superwoman right right so if you
know me I'm a happy person I'm a
positive person but there's some things
that don't like there's a tag called
that's the stuff I don't like video and
so I'm like ah totally gonna do it
number one stupid people that are
interfering with me opening my car you
know when you're unlocking your car
those annoying friends you have there's
like I'm trying to unlock and they're
just enough in elephant it's not open
why are you trying to open the door as
I'm unlocking your effing up the whole
process the poor door is trying to
unlock in your effing with the mechanism
I can't do it your mechanism and by that
I mean your peepee stop tormenting my
door just wait for me to unlock it and I
know about yet
number two resetting my car radio
stations come on you know we need to
switch your car battery or your car
battery dies or something happens and
you have to take the car battery out and
all your settings get erased the most
annoying thing and knowing my priorities
I'm going to be driving to a busy
intersection resetting my stations
because it is absolutely mandatory that
I hear no don't wake me yeah like Chris
Brown 59 times before I get to my
destination so crazy
number three big plugs like this hot
hello how are you
why do you think you can take a poo
spots on my power bar this ain't no I've
been handicapped parking this makes no
sense
after an attention whore that landed on
my iPhone number four store sales reps
okay now let me be real with you I used
to be retail ain't mad all of you but
some of you are hella anoying you just
need to relax with your store promotions
I walk into a store it's just like hi
how are you just to let you know that
all of our jeans are buy one get the
second half off also all of our t-shirts
are buy one get the second free
including that wall that wall that wall
that well not including that wall also
all of our accessories are 10% off on
that wall that wall that shelf that rack
but not that rack if you have any
questions let me know I have question
when did I sign up for this store guy
from hell it's just so awkward because
they look directly at you into your soul
to me and I'm just like I feel like I'm
gonna get tested I'm taking in all the
information okay that right okay right
uh-huh and then I end up saying
something stupid pardon
just let you know all of our genes are
but moms are 5 olives particularly green
olives and if you like olives I'm really
sorry to tell you this but all of us
look like grapes on their period I'm
sorry I just kid on prepaid gas for the
love of God save your prepaid gas for 30
bucks okay you stand outside you're
pumping the gas as soon as that bottom
on his $29 that is slows down like it's
its job every cent after that is 1 2 3
no ok no I know what you want I know you
think I'm gonna cave you think I'm gonna
cave and stop pumping and lose my
daughter bloody no ok I rather get
frostbite and die then give it to the
system you don't I play phone say snow
plows mr. plow that's my name my name
again is mr. plow is I have a song when
I think so let me get this straight
I just spent the last hour shoveling my
driveway breaking my back wearing my
ugly mugs ok and you're just gonna
casually drive by and block the bottom
of my driveway
call me back point racist monthly room
number 8 for batteries okay so my
battery's at 20% and my phone thinks
it's a good idea to keep beeping and
vibrating because that's going to help
the issue every three seconds me me me
wait you're killing yourself have you
not learned anything from shadow
Kanagawa no ho if you're gonna die shut
the F up and do it quietly
number nine these new LCD plasma LED Oda
addict TVs that they have yeah I'm just
not down you might be all high-tech and
beautiful and colorful but I swear to
god it's easier to turn on a nine year
old man that
is to turn on one of those you press the
power button it takes five whole seconds
for the TV to turn on and I'm not
talking just 500 people I know I'm
talking Mississippi seconds and those
seconds are serious I press the button
no no no I don't care if you have a
fancy time when you turn on just hurry
the F up because by the time you turn it
on
can you already died and I don't know
how you're stupid you're stupid
the sponeck again either leg II did it
it it in it number 10 laundry
I am so f empathic laundry I just don't
do it
Nike would be so disappointed it's just
such a time-consuming process I will not
do my laundry until I have no more
underwear to wear someone please please
invent at just sketch underwear take it
under words couch couch clean check your
panty shake your ponte someone could
definitely make a records on out of that
the ponty shaker endorsed by by its
cartel what more do you need
but lee plus the ballet called number 11
my friend taken to that's the stuff I
don't like how you're gonna give me
taken one which is effing epic legendary
mind blasting and then you're gonna
excite me for a sequel and present me
with a pile of VCS how dare you it was
so bad it was so bad that I was in your
theater know that no leave them please
pick me the chunky salsa okay I know
this is a little bit weird but this is
my personal preference when i dip my
chip into salsa i don't want all that
collage to be on the chip I just want
the sauce part to be on the chip I want
the flavor only I don't want all those
vegetables I'm not down for all that
gunshot D Sub G to be on my chip number
13 I don't like that India is the first
level in Street Fighter the act dolphin
is not because I think it is better than
any other country but for a country
that's already so corrupted you couldn't
corrupt your way to a better position in
the video game ah hello priorities
number 14 I don't like people who don't
write comment and click that subscribe
button because I do make videos
every Monday and Thursday just kidding I
like you I think you're beautiful cuz
you are amazing just the way you are no
but for real if you don't know who I am
and you're seeing my video for the first
time what's up let's be friends I make
new videos every Monday and Thursday so
make sure you do click that subscribe
the scribe button right there and if you
like this video please feel free to
share it and I'm really sorry as of late
my videos have been super super late
I've been super busy with a whole bunch
of events there's a whole bunch of
things went on and hypnotising you into
you know forgiving me forgive me that my
videos are late I promise I will make
more of an effort to make sure they're
on time starting it's evil I'm very
sorry ma lots of love one love
superwoman that's a wrap and it friday
friday
moshing yell on friday which that TC
it's may I take no take now me a state
party front seats at Ponte pocket be
Friday my neck my back do you like this
hat I don't know if you like is it's not
100% style but maybe do let me know
comment you like the Hat you know like
the head shut up your face and tell me
what that what did I say I why I need to
sleep
