- horns what everyone it's your girl
superwoman so one of my facebook and
asked people what do you want me to make
a video about and a lot of you said
Black Friday hello
I'm Canadian eh we don't have Black
Friday we have Boxing Day so when you
say black fighter to me I'm thinking
Jamaican Rebecca Black it Friday Friday
mushing Yellin Friday which that TC to
me I take no tick now yes tea party
front seats a panty bucket be Friday my
neck Maybach budget my pride but yes
Black Friday here in Canada we are
something called Boxing Day which is the
day after Christmas which is December 26
for all just opens and it is the day to
buy a sack full of crap you don't need
just because it's two dollars cheaper
saving teenys like a buzz mmm it is also
the day that every brown person starts
their Christmas shopping and yeah you
heard me
Boxing Day is the day after Christmas
but does that stop brown people ah
Christmas morning I'll be opening all
types of gifts for my aunts and uncles
now I see our io u--'s du monde or like
don't worry I know she one thing like
bad dog nobody what is the difference
between Christmas morning and Boxing Day
morning Christmas morning the first
Nowell Nowell Nowell god bless you all
season's greetings Black Friday / Boxing
Day morning ed you're stupid I was here
first to bottom okay hey move it you
bloody Indians go back to your own
country where did you learn how to drive
I am ready I am ready I you said I am
ready you bloody okay
you like I'm ready waiting here 20
minutes apart you get da fok and shut up
your face so get this mother effer my
mother no Jordan mother don't get your
mother she come into my house okay she
making me wrote the everyday to tell me
as know I tell Jo fo can tell you have
you say after me no after you damn
immigrants s to print photos in my
passport guys yes in here you come tell
me okay I play the bloody taxi dirty
deco gorya become the fights in the
parking lot did you ever follow someone
walking out of them all to their spot in
hopes that you can deck a parking spot
finally and
just following them I'm saying right
from the exit of the bottom arch you
just falling down like a creeper uncle
right behind them they're just all like
you walk into my spot and they're just
taking their damn sweet time walking oh
what a wonderful days welcome to my
parking spot and then they put their
bags in the car and they take 12 years
to sit in their car and I know what
they're thinking we see it me a tick
trumps epoxied I'll never see them they
finally get into their car and they
decide hey it's the perfect every time
to start a bonfire and sing Kumbaya what
the f are you doing in your car for so
long in the words of every grinding song
back up back up back top now reversed it
ain't nothing reversed eating make like
a slot back that a shot bruh and then
you're sitting there waiting for them to
reverse and then ten minutes later they
have the nerve to casually be like
that's like Google best view since the
Macarena
that card because if this means you
ain't moving up I have a feeling mikey
is gonna accidentally scratch your
entire effing card my house is here the
mole is here I finally find a parking
spot right here
I start my flight to mall and it's just
chaos it's bloody crazy I step into the
mall forget I wanted to surprise spicy
mobile because if mother-effing jungle
book up and this ish forever21 is
looking like Jumanji up in here and you
know me I begin to panic I forget all my
goals I forget the mission I start
sweating I just stop picking up things
I'm panicking I came for an iPod Touch
I'm gonna go up with three blenders a
pet lizard a scarf and a categories
these Punk's that future shopper just
like give me a commission they're
capitalizing on all us idiots and I'm
allowed to say that because I used to
work there so I know this printer used
to be $99.99 but today only its $49.99
what a bargain homie that printer took
three skittles to make don't be stupid
if you want to be successful at Black
Friday slash Boxing Day shopping this is
what you gotta do I live in Markham the
Chinese people in Markham they get all
the best deals why because every morning
while I'm getting Froot Loops scratching
my bum
they're outside speed walking and you
know what I'm talking about Asians don't
just walk no no they make walking and
extreme sport you know this walking
right here I'm talking about you see the
Asians doing this walking speed walking
yeah
that
so I'm Black Friday and that is why
sighs gonna gum no-style his way all the
way to the last iPod I'm gonna be
puffing puffing over there like
definitely the mother effin dragon
number two wear tights and a tank top
underneath your clothes when you shop
because 99% of stores do not let you go
into their dressing rooms on Boxing Day
so let me get this straight
you're not gonna let me try on this top
but you're not gonna let me return or
exchange it either and I already know
one that go home I'm gonna be like so
not ask that you create your own change
when you start changing in the middle of
the store doesn't they're okay exactly
there you go I'll take four I'm always
having kids or purses or anything else
that hangs off you because when mama has
to jump in that pile of sweaters baby if
you can't keep up in your stroller
Mama's not going here mom we need a new
Pew my sweater you come home all
stressed sweating hungry happy or
confused
excitedly go through all your stuff and
you start crying because it's also I
believe so you put it by the door to
remind yourself to return it all the
next morning but don't worry tomorrow's
a new day because yesterday was Tuesday
who did it is Friday tomorrow it's that
I dare every day all day let me hear you
say fun fun fun fun make sure you read
comments and click that subscribe button
because I do make new videos every
Monday and Thursday and I promise
they're always this fun fun fun fun and
that's a wrap one love superwoman oh
well I have many problems I can't spell
my eyeliner is never even gas prices are
just do bloody high speaking of gutti
hi-yah I have a bit of an addiction
