cool goods l what everyone it's a girl
superwoman and i have a problem well I
have many problems I can't spell my
eyeliner is never even gas prices are
just do bloody high
speaking of bloody high yeah I have a
bit of an addiction and honestly who
just be real for a second it's really
not a big deal this doesn't make me a
bad person
no judgments like it's 2012 and I
honestly wasn't gonna make a video about
this but then I decided I should make a
video but er because I feel like these
things should be discussed I'm gonna say
it's okay I have an addiction and I need
it like 20 times a day I mean let's just
be real for a second it's part of my job
and for all you are judging because you
never tried it just it really does just
make everything prettier everything more
colorful and we think just better I
don't care you can judge me hold it in
my hand just doing that filter in there
yeah I just love it I have a problem and
yeah I know I get it in grams instagrams
well what the hell were you thinking
Jimmy's mana daza Tess I am addicted to
Instagram Twitter Facebook Tumblr
Pinterest all types of social media
let's start with Instagram I swear to
God instagram has become the only reason
i by desert anymore and it's scary the
way my brain works I feel like I need to
take a picture of that cheesecake but I
know I'm having the cheesecake right now
but I feel the need to prove to people
that I'm in fact having this cheesecake
right now you need to understand how
beautiful my cheesecake is and nothing
else matters
imagine someone calling me be like yo
man I had the best cheesecake ever trust
me so no wait prove it did you Instagram
it geez no you didn't Instagram it then
it never happened I can't take the risk
of people believing that I'm not having
this cheesecake because I'm having the
cheesecake so stressful
I am willing to risk my life for an
Instagram picture I am one of those
people that would choose taking a
picture over basic survival instincts
the other day I cut myself and before
getting a bad name or tending to the
wound I went off and took a picture of
it if I was in the movie saw I would be
the first to die 30 seconds for me to
escape this face mask that's about to
close and kill me okay welcome take
twenty seconds
you take a picture of the situation and
find an appropriate filter jigsaw hey
don't blame me I once pulled out my
iphone at the top of a roller coaster
track taking a picture and I know you
have to and it is so stressful because I
feel like if I don't get that picture to
prove I experience something it's just
always wedding day last time walking
around didn't get a good Instagram
picture game or not passing it up
divorce papers let's walk backwards
three times and do this again cuz girl
ain't trying to play
oh my god this Bluebird from hell
controls my life and as far as I'm
concerned you're not a real person if
you don't have Twitter getting an app
mention like being on cloud nine it's
like being in a world full of gossip
except you can see and hear everything
is that being in an Indian drama you
know that crucial mention that's in
every drama we're all in there you got
the haters the drama queens the
perverted uncles we're in that drama
except the mansion has no walls so I can
hear everything my sauce is saying and I
want to say something back it's just
okay tweet tweet tweet Kabuto Jeff Jeff
Jeff Facebook you are like that evil
boyfriend that I cannot escape you've
changed man time and time again you
never remember any of my preferences you
have no respect for my privacy you only
asked with on my mind but you don't care
but for some reason I come crawling back
to you every night try to tell you know
but my profile keeps on telling me yes
trying to tell you no but your timeline
got me acting a mess I'll be waking up
in the morning probably hating myself
I'd be waking up sleep-deprived checking
my friend requests imma see her so yeah
I have a serious addiction and contrary
to what you may believe in the fact that
I always do act like I'm drugged up I've
never smoked weed in my life but if you
put me a nice profile picture I'll just
hold that right there
sprinkle in some grade a hashtag throw
in an Instagram filter roll that ish up
and just go Oh bug gun just ah oh oh
what up t-shirt reference Oh bug and
just stop me let's be real social media
is full of subliminal messages Twitter
bird birds live in trees
what's on a tree leaves
haha Instagram filters one of them is
called rise high one of them is called
early bird but you're on that Knoll
follow me on Instagram guy my Instagram
and my Twitter and my facebook and my
tumblr and this is my second blog
channel yo do that real grill quit just
crack as hot well actually you can't
click the screen but all the same
information is in the description below
if you're a social media addict like me
click the link in the description to
share this video because hi hello my
name is Lilly Singh and I have a problem
bus D video Pandey left hand side but yo
wait I'm not done yet
see this is why people think I do drugs
but this is just how I am this is me
being normal but if you one more thing
all you people that live in the Brampton
or surrounding area I will be actually
other Jumba on November 25th that's why
I will be co-hosting major swag it is
presented by folk Rd I will be
co-hosting and it will also feature the
very talented inquisitive illustration
all the way from the heel okay of the
way from UK this year the focus will be
on bullying its effects how to prevent
it hope under positive good vibes for
more information on how you can get
tickets how you can have a meet and
greet
can I speak how you can have a meet and
greet with me and see me and just be
part of a great cause bring the whole
family out everybody Jack Jack G must be
Foster everybody tell them to come all
the information is in the description
right fit just make sure you check ur it
out as to me like a turban that's a wrap
make sure you rate comment and click
that subscribe button because I do make
new videos every Monday and Thursday one
love superwoman that's a wrap Zoop oh
snap change of attire whatever one is
your girl superwoman so Selena Gomez and
Justin Bieber have broken up she's all
like I'm a wizard mother effer Movember
yo
