oh snap change of attire what everyone
is your girl superwoman so Selena Gomez
and Justin Bieber have broken up she's
all like I'm a wizard mother effer
I'm gonna date mad guys in Hogwarts you
expel yamas you be butter then he's all
like baby baby baby no I said whatever
I'll just - Nicki Minaj and I for one
I'm devastated I'm hurt I'm scarred and
I'm also the reason it happened yeah two
days before the break-up I had a dream
that Justin Bieber cheated on Selena
Gomez with me and I made a vlog about it
and if you haven't seen it yet uh the
Fiddlesticks clickety click click so I
decided to make this video this video is
for couples to let you know the most
common reasons that people break up it's
also for you delusional single people
who are sitting on the couch grab some
popcorn alright let's have some fun
laughs of these people breaking up while
we're in denial yeah
number one the basketball game a common
reason couples break up is because
people play basketball girl has one
player up against the backboard just
sweating intense game hole type of fouls
going on he shoots he misses girl
travels elsewhere gets the rebound
school but let's be real what happens
five minutes later no one gives an F
about the rebound okay a rebound ain't
no slam dunk Sun Keys not the brand
James or the Jeremy Lin he's the
junkyard dog for reals
female break off get cheated on get
dumped whatever their devastating lonely
and her so what do they do they find
someone else to get into a relationship
with so they can also make them
devastated it's a deadly virus called
horny they date for a couple weeks
months maybe and then they realize how
like I have been hate this person done
do the rebound
girls and boys when you are sad and
lonely and hurt and not in the right
state of mind that is not the right time
to start a new relationship okay for
God's sakes get off the court or at
least put your damn arms up defense
finish number two the best friend I
cannot tell you how many emails I get
about this exact situation either the
girlfriend or the boyfriend or whatever
however you roll has a best friend of
the opposite sex that is really too
close to that person
be wrong you don't have to stop talking
to your friends or lose friends because
you're in relationship but certain
behaviors do have to stop once you're in
the relationship mine is that just me is
that yeah okay kangas's and a lot of the
time the situation is that the girl
friends very own best friend becomes
super close with her boyfriend like hi
can you just sit the F down girlfriend
like your kind is super annoying you
should be called a sergeant because all
you want is at ten shot you just need to
like are you confused you're his BFF
because right now seems like one app is
missing your justice be absent to me
that's be as if you weren't gonna give
that last that I will give the F to you
reading between the lines okay so inform
at her homes number three the father
boyfriend it's one thing to be
protective about your girlfriend it's
another thing to become her father dudes
chill your boxers bro I know some guys
won't allow their girlfriends to go out
I won't allow her to speak to certain
people and won't allow her to wear
certain things cuz can someone just hold
my hair will because I throw up that's
disgusting
like my boyfriend told me Lilly please
please don't jump off that cliff
like I would consider it I'd love hear
me but if you ever told me you're not
allowed to go with your friends and
you're not allowed to speak to your guy
friends I would laugh in his face I
would direct every squirrel in my
backyard to warn sasquatch
take a picture post it on Instagram
hashtag nut cracker swag son she's not
allowed people already have parents they
don't need a third parent like boy I
think you misunderstood JLo and she said
dance for your papi not your papa so
much so much wrong gun and the month got
the gun incorrect number for Facebook I
thought this one applies more to girls
because we're dramatic and Facebook is
also dramatic and to prove my point have
you ever seen a Google girls going
through a high school yearbook oh my god
me so hot oh my god remember how money
happy already
oh my gosh she's such a hard you know
two dicks that guy in the bathroom oh my
guy totally did something to us
I in the bathroom and what is a yearbook
a book full of faces Oh
correlation this is collation dance
people overanalyze everything that
happens on Facebook why did she help you
why did she comment on your picture she
posted on your wall what's that about
I don't know why I'm a girl sound like
that I'm really I don't I don't think
you sound like that if you do then loo
sorry why did you cut me out of your
profile picture I'm sure it wasn't
because you look like a drunkard help
miss blue bag it's probably because he
doesn't love you and he cropped you out
of his heart as well
raaaaaah what the sad thing is that I
don't blame these psycho girls because
they're opposing psycho girls or just a
psycho she probably did comment on his
picture for a reason she probably has a
whole strategy of how to break you two
up it's probably gonna work and it's
probably gonna go something like comment
comment post like life status comic
event invite poke
giggity-giggity so-and-so is no longer
in a relationship and that's just how it
is today why why you ask because our
generation is garbage garbage Cup boo
much good option and let's just say this
is part one because let's be real
there's a million reasons why couples
break up today so don't be stupid be
smart don't date people date video games
you can control them you can dance with
them and in this case it's okay to press
their buttons well that's a wrap I hope
you enjoyed the video make sure you rate
comment and click that subscribe button
because I do make new videos every
Monday and Thursday and love for you
join me soon creatures little-little
dosey doe is this a dosey doe I'm not
gonna supposed I don't really know what
a dosey doe is Facebook their Twitter
links are in the description so make
sure you check our lols out as well and
as for me that is nothing one love
superwoman that's a wrap
