Barracuda piranha sorry Jana Catriona
happy Diwali
I'm a grand people say yeah oh my no I'm
around people say what that's right it's
the only know white people if you don't
know what the valley is don't feel bad
you're clueless don't worry about it I
have no idea what's st. patricks days
about as far as I'm concerned that's
today that the Leprechaun from Lucky
Charms was born and it happens hey buddy
My dear nan brown people you know how
you're always wondering why you're
annoying brown neighbors never take down
their Christmas lights it's because
tonight we turn our Christmas lights on
to celebrate Diwali the festival of
lights
yeah that's right the festival of lights
the first and last time in a year that
brown people don't care about their
electricity bill our lights are on
we like candles we do the fireworks we
take little clay pot thingies
throw some oil in that issue of grab
some cotton scratch that itch like
dhalsim roll that up throw that in the
pot like that h on fire just go Moody
PEP diwali is also a kind of tradition
now it is a tradition to clean your
whole entire effin house on Diwali and
I'm not talking about how you boys think
clean is clean like a little bit of ax
call it a day that's your shower nut nut
now I'm talking about our thorough
cleaning I'm talking drawers closets
rooms everything it's like giving your
house a shower but not one of those
rushed showers where you're getting
clean your pits jump out and call it a
day no you got to get into the duty of
your house and just clean that ish from
all directions in this case one
direction don't make you beautiful son
because your mom going to get into the
repair and to be obvious I feel like a
group of Indian parents got together one
day the Indian parents council and
they're like okay today it is the
festival of light what should we do to
celebrate why don't we make them clean
bloody perfect amongst your little games
okay this is burning my neck and on
Diwali you get to eat so many awesome
sweets which we call my time or as you
white people say Matt I type some gulab
jamuns with some laddu shall we
little side a little chat papper II my
favorite part is called Obon it's the
brown one that
little line going through it it looks
like a butt crack yeah so I feel good
comment below let me know what your
favorite Matt tie is is if the rats go
up
is it the July be maybe it's the barfi
yeah that's not a very appetizing then
if your Mele butterfiy maybe I should
just kick you in the chick turns and get
this funky body kids get money what I
get money
what sweet effing deal okay I just
grabbed that 20 um okay thanks there's
so many for my fans right now Thomas
Edison asked you you baby created a
light bulb to my dreams I gotta thank
the Lightning Thor Thor Thor where you
at bro all natural things right there
it's all about you know bro it's all
about you today who cares about the rest
of the Loki the real talk happy Diwali
to everyone celebration of lights let's
celebrate because if it weren't for
lights we wouldn't have rains dip dip
dip dip dip dip without lights we
wouldn't have birthday candles I mean
think about it
my parents already don't know their real
age without the candles on the cake
wait we screwed your dad when's your
birthday birthday the mirror then paper
to paper back to September numbers which
are sucky the photonic Okubo John
generate they generate now today New
Year's it at the appropriate rip haha to
pretend we are athlete October jump
efforts it is a stumble care how do you
hearing how our 50/50 for my husband in
the 75052 Tom he city's
fifty sixty sixty and most importantly
without light we wouldn't have light
bright so let's celebrate by doing the
only thing that makes sense you're ready
for this love stuff is your body rhythm
down you know what happy yeah so happy
Diwali to everyone today and happy early
Deepavali Tom my tamil people for
tomorrow because it's just like you to
take a word add more syllables and make
your own then in SA didn't get but wait
it's the valley which me
it's a special someone's birthday that's
right happy birthday mommy it is my
mom's birthday from me Lily
to you mommy I love you so much and this
next song is dedicated to you we'll move
on to the rest of you one loves Superman
that's so rad be safe have an
awesomesauce time
you know most kids that just get on the
bus and act like they own the place just
the boss of the bus well the whole bus
could be empty there could be 70 empty
seats but they will stand anyways and
not only that they will make it a point
to not hold the pole that is providing
for safety
