get dumb what everyone it's your girl
superwoman back after just one day of
missing a video I'm sorry but hey I
thought I'd kick it old-school stylez
put on some shades so welcome to Shady
moments which is pretty much the same as
all of my other videos
except I'm wearing shades you all seem
to like it okay we're all enough to be
honest I don't take the bus much simply
because I'm directionally challenged and
unless I'm steering that wheel myself I
don't know what the f is happening oh my
god she said Direction ah please don't
do it don't don't do it that you already
comment you did it okay I quit the
internet on top of that buses give me
anxiety you know how you feel I push the
button or pull the cord when your stop
is coming at that right there that
situation way too much pressure for me
it's like saying here during attendance
I'll keep waiting okay seven more stops
okay seven more so I push the button
buttons right there okay cool how do I
look
I was gonna look at me when I push the
button how do I look okay one stop left
okay cool the button right here around
the corner we there yet oh my god was
all boom mr. by seven stops it's too
much pressure so much but those few
times that I have taking a bus and train
the subway honestly I have mad respect
and appreciation for people who take
that ish on the rent because let's face
it there's a lot of annoying effing
people on the bus I feel like as soon as
people step onto the bus they lose all
their social etiquette so let's get to
it shall we
let's do it here we go number one cool
kids cool with the K cuz their dad can
cool you know most kids that just get on
the bus and act like they own the place
just the boss of the bus but the whole
bus could be empty there gonna be
seventy empty seats but they will stand
anyways and not only that they will make
it a point to not hold the pole that is
providing for safety she'll need no
effing Pole bro I look like some sort of
punk yo like hi hello I do not
understand your genetic makeup right now
like is your coolness measured by your
stability on the bus yeah you're real
stable on the bus the financial
stability stability in a relationship
job stability
ah you watch me handle this next turning
boss bro and then like girlfriend what
are you trying to prove three nights ago
at that all-ages jam i saw you handling
that pole like it was your job and now
suddenly you're too cool for the pole on
the bus you my friend out giving me
anxiety because as someone who plays
Mario Kart I know all it takes is one
banana peel for this whole bus to turn
upside down and for you to fall straight
on your FM face cool kids hold pull on
the bus the pole on the bus you kids
these do anything I say you turn into
something disgusted don't be disgusting
that's nothing look number 2 the
scammers I feel like people have made a
profession out of scamming bus drivers
fake bus tokens trying to put in less
money than required
now here's my thing how the bus drivers
instantly know if someone putting less
change once I was on the bus and this
Effinger goose bomb in front of me put
in 25 cents less and you're supposed to
try walking away the whole bus just X
and transformed into optimist calms you
Oh booty boobs ins like the kid dropped
40 pieces of change how did he know how
did he know I'm top of that you little
piece of disobedience how dare you try
walking away and try making me pay your
extra 25 cents I got changed okay I
don't need to worry I got plenty of
change I got so much change I got Obama
okay 50 cent and even in the club
anymore cuz he's in my pocket so don't
you try the bread fool okay number then
I feel like every bus comes fully
equipped with one driver one steering
wheel four wheels and one weird don't
ranged person you know that person on
the bus that doesn't say anything no one
really knows when they got on or when
they got off they're just there and they
just stare at people they don't even
move you're not even sure if they're
alive they're just part of the bus and
you know when you realize someone's
looking at you so you look at them and
then they quickly look away does this
person look away hell no you can look
right at them they will still look right
back at you and just stare into your
soul number four PDA public displays of
affection you know when you have a fully
packed bus jam-packed and people decided
this is the perfect opportunity to
become porn stars I'm sorry I hope the
hell do you think you are because unless
you're John Abraham have abacha basu
no reason you should be making love in a
public moving vehicle I'm just some
Aryan just understand like the bus is
full we all see you you're right there
we're right here we're all looking at
you like you think you're in the effin
matrix right now because girlfriend your
birth control pill is not the same as
that red coat I mean it's not gonna show
you how far the rabbit hole goes ah well
maybe it will huh this guy knows what
I'm talking about
Efrain guy number five loud people
people who think it's okay for everyone
else did your there conversation on the
bus because they're so loud usually
girls usually gossiping oh my god did
you hear what he did to her and can you
believe she fell like half and I'm
sitting there literally becoming dumber
I am losing brain cells listening to
this idiot yeah I got a lady slap retire
alright hi hi oh my god I know you're on
the phone I'm really sorry to bother you
I think yeah I think you just dropped
your IQ on the floor please take a break
from eating my brain and drink a nice
tall glass
I'll shut the app up just stop button
number six the walk-in closet hi
sweetheart darling how are you did you
know you were getting on a bus today
yeah okay why the f you have a huge TN a
bag a backpack another purse a suitcase
and effing puppy with you I mean you
step onto the bus and I feel like I'm in
Ikea just walking down the aisle leaving
a path of destruction and then you have
the nerve to give attitude hi sorry yeah
I just need to get around just gonna
step over your stuff here hey what you
wanna kiss your teeth at me I'm sorry I
think the song goes everything you own
in a box to the left the next line is
not in a box to the left on the bus
don't be showing me after I swear to god
miss Frizzle homie back there's about to
be some magic on this bus honestly yeah
honestly I've loads of respect for
people who take the bus on the regular
because sometimes it really stops
especially when the bus is really jammed
path you ever been on a bus so full when
you have to grind with people against
your will you're just like pressed up
against people you go over one speed up
you're like oh oh my god I'm so um I'm
so sorry I'm so sorry it's hectic and
now I want to ask you guys to fill in
the blank in the future what kind of
videos would you like to see annoying
people at the
in the on the whatever fill-in-the-blank
leave a comment below and let me know
I'm sorry for not making a video on
Monday I'll go do some things some
things that like you know thanks you
don't you know thanks make sure you rate
comment and click that subscribe button
because I do make You videos every
Monday and Thursday and it's not every
video that I have frizzy hair and wear a
car stuff but when I do I definitely
like a box that's wrap one love
superwoman and Zoop hello hi how are you
make sure you click here to watch my
last video and click right here to watch
a vlog or just made about a dream I had
about making out with Justin Bieber and
stuff make sure you check it out and
make sure you make comment include
subscribe
