hello and welcome back to my youtube
channel
wait why have it all Christmas lights in
the background hello I'm making a
lifestyle video what kind of trash
lifestyle do I have though lights and
it's August which means back to school
videos yay and I know there is a huge
lack of these on YouTube right now so I
decided to help you out with some super
cute super fun super adjective adjective
DIYs but before we get into it please
enjoy this supersaturated montage of me
smiling with school supplies
with laws more saturation
before I tell you anything of value
please make sure you subscribe to my
channel comment below and give this
video a big thumbs up without even
watching it I'm also probably doing a
giveaway and my links are down below for
my Twitter and surround Pinterest
snapchat Facebook by myspace so make
sure you follow me now let's get into
the video by queueing to another super
cute montage where I somehow use
copyright music was stronger together
then we ever
normal highlighters are so boring
they're literally just neon bright and
colorful so here's a fun DIY that you
can do instead of paying attention in
class bleed ink from one highlighter
into another highlighter and then get a
multicolored highlighter that will last
literally for nine seconds it doesn't
really matter what you're highlighting
as long as it looks cute to make your
new highlighters even prettier place
them on a desk next to a bunch of other
random school supplies like a roll of
tape single hole punch and stapler all
the things you use every time you're in
English class I definitely use my single
hole punch every time I need to hole
punch a post-it note because it's
useless for a normal sized piece of
paper
another fun DIY is post-it note earrings
you can even write your to-do lists on
them it's super cute normal note books
are so boring and plain and cute ones
are so expensive like this glitter one
is $19.99 but don't worry you can DIY it
I bought this glue gun notebook and
glitter off Amazon for only $30 so go
ahead and make a cute design with the
glue gun on your notebook and then
sprinkle glitter on top as you make a
huge mess three hours later you'll have
this super cute glitter notebook that
will 100% ruin everything else in your
backpack now if you don't have a credit
card to order things off Amazon because
you're too young
chances are your parents won't let you
use theirs either because they're scared
of the intranet so just go ahead and
steal their credit card to make the
purchase it's super cute if that doesn't
work don't worry an easy life hack is to
just check your priorities because this
doesn't matter at all
agendas can be really overwhelming with
all the numbers and dates and similar
squares Oh so make your agenda more fun
by cutting squares of decorative paper
and pasting them in every other square
then use colorful gel pens that will
instantly smudge to writin it all your
friends will think it's really cute
your agenda makes me feel really happy
like a cake baked of rainbows she
doesn't even go here wait do you even go
to the school no but I just have a lot
of feelings okay go home you don't want
to be the only person in your school
with a lame backpack so get super
creative and put a whole bunch of pins
on it
this lets people know that you have an
important point of view to make your
backpack even cuter while you wear it
candidly laugh and smile at no one
people will definitely notice normally
pens are really basic and all they do is
write but if you want your pens to be
super adorable shoot them on a really
expensive lens like I'm doing right now
I mean after all we want everyone to
swipe a right for your pens on tinder
it's also important to have a full face
of makeup and wear a super extra outfit
when holding your pens I mean you want
to bring out the best in your station
lockar organization is something that is
just as important to me on the first day
of school as it is on the last so here's
a fine DIY locker to-do list buy a piece
of decorative paper and place post-it
notes on it make sure you write to do at
the top to avoid confusion and don't
worry about running out of post-its
because you'll only use this about two
times that's because your to-do lists
will never be where you need it it'll be
in your locker looking super cute wait
what was the assignment my last DIY is a
washi tape and you can literally just
put it on everything I mean you can make
a DIY watch DIY eraser and even a DIY
Pape socket it's super cheap and super
cute and everyone will love it I mean
that's literally how the real world
works what is the capital of Canada the
capital of Canada is the letters seek
well let me should cover this with washi
tape so alright that's all I have for
you guys today thank you so much for
watching this video I shot in front of a
really intense ring light please go to
baked up because my retinas are
literally fried and don't forget to
subscribe down below in case you forgot
all the other times that I told you you
can also follow me here okay bye
okay fine one more montage
just kidding this is harm which narrows
to all the DIY room actually friends
with no shade I think you're so creative
and innovative and I'm just jealous if
you want to watch the videos just like
this one click over there my second vlog
channel which is awesome by the way is
right over there and make sure you
subscribe because I make new videos
every Monday and Thursday one love
superwoman that is a wrap and Zoop
