what if everyone is a girl superwoman yo
sandy what's your beef bro this so
clearly mother nature's on your period
because we got a hurricane fa not the
whole place but not to fear it because I
am here to give you advice on how to
survive a hurricane or possibly fail
miserably either one this time listen I
reveal video with real advice and mimic
permissibly sorry not gonna be okay
first of all you need to understand the
hurricane a hurricane is just Mother
Nature PMSing she's upset maybe her
boyfriend cheated on her maybe she found
out Thor has a girlfriend I don't know
but either way she's doing what girls do
when they're upset she's throwing things
around she's making a mess and she's
creating a scene double-o uh hello it's
not a coinkidink that both women and
hurricanes can be described as home
wreckers duh Hey
okay and when women are PMSing what's
the number one mistake you can make not
taking them seriously the same applies
for sandy don't mock her don't think
she's a joke but at the same time don't
be an effing idiot about it half of
y'all douche baguettes are sitting on
Facebook posting ish like this with yo
my picture of Hurricane sandy oh who
retains head
yes hurricane sandy is a serious strong
but please use your brain like don't
believe everything you see please the
love of God take a trip down to
Photoshop and buy yourself some common
sense here's a useful tip and Johnny
Depp is in the corner of the picture
it's probably fake stick to the facts
okay be smart stupid
step 1 if you see a hurricane get your
priorities straight because I know 99.9%
of y'all are gonna do this yeah so you
sure about the storm that supposed to
come in oh my god
step2 if you have a brown family
convincing your dad in particular that
there's a hurricane is a hard task to do
dad there's a hurricane coming gee what
hurricane when I was young I used to
walk to school 50-kilometer and
hurricane okay without legs uncle auntie
I understand you don't want to buy
unnecessary things for a storm you
probably don't believe exists but you
need to buy candles and flashlights
think of it this way Diwali is just
right around the corner consider a good
one I look at the bright side if the
lights do go you'll save some money on
that electricity bill because your
stupid kids never turn off the light
step 3
when I was like 15 or 16 I used to work
at Harveys and there was a storm warning
similar to the one we're having right
now I'm going to work at Harveys true
story I've never seen a bigger lineup in
the store and in the drive-through let
me get this straight your life is in
danger and you want to leave your house
for a cheeseburger Harvey's not even
McDonald's let the smiles ain't even
free get yourself some canned goods I'll
forget bottled water miss lady up in
this mother what what did that tell you
for pissing off Mother Nature there is a
storm coming and you're sitting up not a
drag - asking for a McFlurry going
Derrick we asking for a blizzard I can
just imagine mother nature a choco
McFlurry lady see a child blizzard an
idea to the government and wizard pretty
muted in my office now
what up hurricane Sandeep step for a lot
of people don't know this but my rule of
thumb unlike brown people a hurricane is
not allowed to attack another hurricane
it's like the bro code but with storms
it's phat Wikipedia so if you see a
hurricane approaching you want to in
fact become a hurricane yourself a
hurricane is coming or your friends
start running no no no no you get into
character yeah anyways
but you're also just one person if the
hurricane is large it may not believe
that you're a hurricane you might have
to start a flash mob this is your the
step 5 a hurricane can cause all types
of destruction in your house which means
everything you have hidden in your room
could get exposed the vodka bottle under
your bed the birth control pills in your
dresser connected pictures of Zain muck
in your closet fake ID under your pillow
the secret of chambers in your backpack
all these items could shift yeah you may
survive the working but will you survive
the world war that will start when your
parents see all that what you need to do
is gather all that ish put all together
in a bank grab some matches throw the
matches in the bag and throw a lot bags
your sister's room mommy look what didi
has excellent step 6
make sure you secure all your yard items
garbage cans disobedient kids etc etc it
would be really sad if people were all
relieved because the hurricane was over
and then they get injured by a flying
recycling bin oh gee golly the storms
done we made it a launcher
I've had a lot laws by Mark Home Depot
I'm talking to you you better secure
your yard items and your shopping cards
I mean yeah I've always wanted to take
one of your shopping carts home but not
like this not like this man and if none
of those steps work just look at the
hurricane and go super saiyan
no more Real Talk for everyone who is
being affected or will be affected by
the weather conditions please stay safe
listen to your local authorities and
prep yourselves and don't forget that if
you have an iPhone you can download a
free flashlight app in times of need
and if you have a blackberry I don't
know what your life's about from the
absolute bottom of my heart best wishes
safe wishes to you and your family make
sure you rate comment and click
Subscribe because I do make new videos
every Monday and Thursday and one thing
you definitely don't want to do is mock
mother nature by wearing shirts like
this I don't want to fly and like a
turban that's a wrap one love superwoman
and Zoop but wait attention attention
everyone living in the Greater Toronto
Area I am having a meet and greet in
competition and a party
we also that's right on Saturday
November 3rd which is this Saturday I
will be having a meeting we at York
University at 4 o'clock p.m.
before Twp on a competition the medium
grid is only going to be 45 minutes to
an hour so if you have a ticket to Twp
hunger or teed up on an app Riccardi you
get the line my fast speed you just buy
faster like my leg and that's why I will
be hosting the competition and the after
party the after-party is all ages and
you know how I love those jams make sure
you get your tickets $10 in advance all
the information you need for the
competition meet-and-greet and the
after-party are in the description
this will be my last all-ages jam in
toronto for a very good while so make
sure you get your tickets asap visit
triple w dot t-- para comm for more
information you can also click on my
face right now and you run this box
right now for more information about any
of these events because I did make a
video on my blog lovely blog channel and
I will see you there
you want yeah here are some last-minute
cheap costume ideas put on a hat
anything that feels warm makes you look
at cold outside get a thermometer in
this case I'm desi I don't have a
thermometer we don't believe in sickness
grab a pen
next grab either a DVD or VHS
trick-or-treat
I'm a viral video oh oh
