this video is more late than a pregnant
woman's period whatever one's your
girl's super what's the type how you
doing
happy early Halloween now if you're like
me and you still don't know what you're
gonna be for Halloween because you're
lazy you're cheap and you know you think
doing things is overrated then welcome
to my tutorial on how to make these
cheapest last-minute costumes one of my
favorite youtubers by the name of Daily
Grace has been doing this cheap dumb
last-minute costume thing and I'm like
what a great idea so I decided to jump
on the bandwagon this bandwagon even
have a wheel does now boom boom so there
you have here are some last-minute cheap
costume ideas put on a hat anything that
feels warm makes it look like it's cold
outside
get a thermometer in this case I'm desi
I don't have a thermometer we don't
believe in sickness grab a pen next grab
either a DVD or VHS trick-or-treat
I'm a viral video oh oh oh
for this costume you're going to need to
dress completely in black black hat
black sweater black ear tag and this
song the eight know yellow start acting
really weird start twitching stopping
randomly trick or trick I'm a blackberry
drop for directional arrows with an SS
bottom taper to yourself
throw on a junior scarf if a message or
shirt that's just POTUS points get some
halls medicine and tape it to yourself
underneath the sign trick or treat
I'm South Hall but take a piece of paper
and draw as many hearts as you desire
then draw a whole bunch of arrows
pointing from heart to heart and that's
right taper to yourself then find as
much sequins shiny fabric as you can
find and put it all over your body
lastly grab an iPod full of music trick
or treat
I'm a Bollywood movie a Dunedin that a
good next wrap any type of junk food I'm
talking anything that's high in calories
grab a ball or pad though lastly grab
your phone and start yelling into it
I took a treat I'm p.m. pass oh what's
scarier for this costume you're gonna
need a picture of your ex-boyfriend yeah
that's right that effing douchebag
reluctantly tape it to yourself somehow
give yourself a tail if you don't have a
tail wrap a scarf lastly if you have a
cherry throw it in your mouth if you're
like me and don't eat anything healthy
ignore this step trick or treat
I'm a cocktail for this costume you're
gonna need a six pack of light bulbs and
a marker across the six out and put a
two next to it grab a flashlight and
pretend you're at a rave check your
treat I'm a Tupac hologram for this next
one you're gonna need a small bottle
alcohol you're underage good ear room
wrap a pair of ears and throw it on yo
head chick or treat I'm Mickey Mouse for
this next one draw a Facebook poke
button on a piece of paper and tape it
to yourself next somehow someway find a
Rasta hat a trick R treat I'm a pokemon
for this next one you can keep the Rasta
hat on because it makes you feel like an
effin boss but this costume all you
really need is a piece of paper and then
it's three simple actions trick-or-treat
I'm Rice Krispies was that fun or what
lads mess is so much warmer clap for
distance and there you have it cheap and
easy last minute Halloween costume for
you or them every night wanna stand
alone you could go to the store and
spend more $90 Potter no costume
Bridgend i'ma sit here watch to bomb
when you video read come and subscribe
make sure you're gonna stay because
every Monday and Thursday
this body gotta make a new video and
listen here Irie man I'm trying to
disrespect nobody saw respect on good
tenure in case you didn't understand
make sure you read comments and
subscribe because I do make meals every
Monday and Thursday
one love superwoman that's a rat soup
one
listen you need to tell me McConkey how
should give me a one piece of Candida
you mean to tell me give me one piece
okay mancom me pick me pick me
we're very menu they put the costume on
become a ring in a lot of them you give
you one piece of candy one piece of
almost like candy I want this baby like
this better higher guac in this respect
now make me Masha Bamba you Bessie me to
Kit Kat right now I need to evaluate my
life right now
