I'm so cool whatever girl superwoman I
thought today you know I mix it up a
little switch it up a bit you guys been
asking me for a really long time to do a
question and answer video so that's what
I'm doing
why is because of a stupid idiot I
usually don't do question hello hi Daddy
I'm making a video because I like to
interact with you I love interacting
with you I'm like the debit machine
let's do it
red asks if you have ten apples and 11
oranges how many pancakes are on the
roof duh ten tequila shots Brittney KS
would you chop up all of your hair for a
lifetime supply of samosas you know what
no I think the question should be when
samosas cut off their hair for a
lifetime supply me but that's my answer
a straight I hope I said that right asks
what's your favorite thing about being
human okay honestly this really annoys
the crap in me I'm not a human I'm a
robot
don't make me tell you again good lie by
asks Lily if you could be any dinosaur
what would you be okay honestly do you
guys even watch my videos I am the pink
ranger pterodactyl if I could be any
dinosaur Kuna asked if you had a reality
show what would it be called and
superwoman doesn't count
your face doesn't count kidding if I had
a reality show I'll call it Brampton
couples cuz I don't know of anything
more dramatic than that Mahela asks if
you were stuck in a room in one
direction and you either had to rape or
kill them which one would you do to who
bro for this is my answer this question
lyza Khan asks if you had to choose a
type of fart what would it be
loud quiet silent or bum flapping mom to
choose a fart oh my god I get to choose
bards
probably choose like silent because I
don't want people to hear my farts but
like not the silent ones that make
people faint I mean like you know those
ones that like you feel like you lost 10
pounds after one of those I am so hot oh
my god Vicki KJ and asked if you were to
hook up with one celebrity who would it
be out without a doubt it would be the
rock Dwayne the rock Johnson uh yeah I
don't know me if what's gonna happen
thomna ask Harry Potter or Twilight well
I've never seen any of the Twilight
movies and I haven't seen Harry Potter
I'm gonna say like expelliarmus Jacob
Edward although you damn fine yeah yeah
yeah yeah maja mask if you could be a
doughnut what flavor would you be and
why I would be a maple dip doughnut
because I am Canadian
a simple ass if life gives you lemons
what would you do with them okay if life
gave me lemons I would take the lemons
and draw little faces on them right and
then carry them around like this dude
mom look see there's really no need for
me to get married and have kids
Akilah asks will you marry a Jamaican
from Brampton uh I would marry a
Jamaican from anywhere as long as his
roofies around question from 69b knees
you know I don't appreciate you making
Beauty babies vulgar like that would you
rather eat 300 nails or be in a cage
with a tiger I feel like I do the tiger
just because there's a really good
chance he might think I'm Princess
Jasmine anjali asks do you ever get
called a slut by random brown guys I
don't think there's a single person in
the world who hasn't been called a slut
from random brown guys or not when I do
get called a slut I just you know it
makes it does make sense if they call me
a slut like I understand brown guy calls
me a slut I probably look like a sister
ah just kidding that's not very nice
don't don't say that people kuru kuru on
cross got in karoon asked what's the
funniest punjabi word you know
funnies Punjab you were I really like to
go Dewey Dewey I also like bangin
Baggins what do you do TIPA TIPA Devon
asks can I be your Superman okay I'd
like to be right the thing is I don't
believe in fictional characters so uh
yeah I'm tired of dating guys who don't
exist
honestly Michael stop touching me stop
stop touching me
no means no okay stop Balak it be a
garden Gil asks where do babies come
from when a man and a woman love each
other and they're happy God decides they
should be punished so he sends a little
birdie into their life and drops off an
annoying bratty snotty poop tastic child
that you would love for him Nupur asked
what was your first reaction to Gangnam
style answering two main questions Hydra
asks do you find your own videos funny
I think I'm freakin hilarious I laugh at
my own jokes probably more than any of
us it's so bad asks can you tie your
hair up to make yourself look like a
unicorn I will accept that challenge
I guess wait wait I guess so hey
honestly no I look too ridiculous that's
better
thank you for your questions I hope you
had a great time because I had a
fantastic time make sure you rate
comment and click that subscribe button
the button yeah because I make new
videos every Monday and Thursday I need
every Monday and Thursday you can catch
me right here on the dude - okay thank
you so much one love superwoman that's a
wrap
so gritty Gupta asks where did you learn
how to speak Tamil ah Prabhu Deva's my
dad your little cousin nephew niece or
whatever other devil child you are every
time you ask me to play with my Nintendo
or Street Fighter I'm tell you it's
broken it's not broken I just don't want
you to touch it dear dad I know exactly
why my phone goes Oh
