what if I wanted your girl superwoman do
your little cousin nephew niece or
whatever other devil child you are every
time you ask me to play with my Nintendo
or Street Fighter I'm telling you it's
broken it's not broken I just don't want
you to touch it dear dad I know exactly
why my phone bill is over every single
month it's because I tweet like it's my
job I roam like hell and I call boys the
phone company did make a mistake dear
doctor every time you've written me a
note so I could defer a test or an
assignment
I've actually been sick sick of studying
bazinga I don't know what's better in
those moments my health and my acting
you can call me Govinda if we're talking
and I say be right back and I don't come
back within the next 58 seconds that's
my way of saying you wore my life
goodbye when I'm driving and I'm waiting
to turn and my visions kind of blob so I
can't really tell if a car is coming in
I usually just turn when you see me at a
family party and I'm on like sassy got
uncle Andy how are you on I usually have
no idea who you are
I need my neighbor are you pinky
Machiavelli are you from the same
village as my mom no clue I have never
read or seen any of the Twilight movies
I have no idea what that whole
situations about I have no idea how to
spell the words itinerary accommodate
phosphorus and occasionally sometimes
the word tomorrow and occasionally in my
third year of university my laptop
crashed and lost all my gold so I had to
go into class and find someone else and
so I asked her to send me her notes and
then she did and then I wrote the test
and it was all good my laptop never
crashed I didn't take notes I wasn't
there what who you did it I sweat no I
never got the call bro I never got your
call I swear while I look right now
I'd get it I got the call I just wanna
talk to you I only know how to count up
to 13 in Punjabi because that's as far
as a song one a good thing dad fighting
she said that live thus again
but I know nothing after that I have
stared at pictures of Justin Bieber
shirtless way longer than I should have
dear my old neighbors I used to steal
berries from your tree I don't like
berries I just wanted to throw them dear
mom whenever I say I'm gonna do
something later I never gonna do it oh I
got a Facebook invite okay
attending anytime someone's telling me
something and then they mentioned
someone famous and then they kind of
pause they're like you know who that is
right I'm always like yeah yeah I have
no idea who that is empty Home Depot no
like bombs every day when I'm late for
every single thing I have to go to I
always say it's because the traffic
because there's so much traffic coming
from my house I sleep in every single
day sometimes I don't see pedestrians I
get confused with the two terms thunder
and lightning I usually say oh did you
hear the lightning and did you see the
thunder apparently there's a difference
I don't get like 40% of the jokes made
in Family Guy but I laugh anyways I
never fill my gas tank unless my gas
light is on I like to be risky
aka irresponsible when I go through a
drive-thru I purposely make sure I pay
first and then as I'm handing the debit
machine back I casually say can I get
some sweet and sour sauce with that in
hopes that they won't talk to me because
I just finished paying and then
sometimes they do charge me I think it's
a huge inconvenience even though I know
there's like seven quarters in my pocket
right now 15 cents for sauce this is an
outrage when I was younger my family
would stand separately in line each
holding two pots of toilet paper because
there was a limit on the sale hello hi
yes two per family it's great that I'm
here as an individual and not as
anything else thank you I only shave my
legs if I need to and the amount that I
need to if I'm going capris yeah it's
gonna be desert forest this one time I
was right open-toed shoes and you can
only see two
my toenails so I only painted two of my
toenails and left the rest I'm like so
attractive and every time I make a video
I put my heart soul and glitter into it
so make sure you read comment and click
that subscribe button because I do make
new videos every Monday and Thursday
ramaa also I will be hosting Toronto's
only annual boner competition on
Saturday November 3rd in York University
called T dot Thunder hair and it
features 10 awesome sauce hunger teams
from all across North America tickets
are on sale right now what are you
waiting for you can buy them online by
phone and in person all the information
you need to do that is in the
description and of course I will be
having a meet-and-greet before the show
so if you live in the Markham
Scarborough Brampton Martin Ragsdale a
saga what I would dump on you live in I
want to see you that my friend and like
a turban that's a wrap one love
superwoman so there's really only four
major components you need to make a
scary movie number one a mirror see
everybody knows that in a horror movie
when some poor sucker is standing in
front of a mirror Casper's gonna come
out and kill that fool
Oh
