what's up my name is Sisterhood of the
travelling pimple what everyone is a
girl superwoman now I love the movies
and I especially love scary movies
paying 15 bucks to go watch a scary
movie hunting like iron scared then
coming home and not being able to look
in the mirror for four weeks yeah
story of my life oh and it's almost
Halloween you know what that means scary
movies are gonna be popping out like
this on a greasy teeny bopper now
although I'm a scary movie fan I'll be
the first to admit that they have an IQ
of G no because most of them are really
really dumb I bought a climax and ending
that makes sense
shhh hint a storyline optional there's
really only four major components you
need to make a scary movie number one a
mirror sleep everybody knows that in a
horror movie when some poor sucker is
standing in front of a mirror Casper's
gonna come out and kill that foo I mean
either face is gonna appear okay a hand
is gonna come out of your head or a
killer standing behind you and you're
just standing there flossing your backup
teeth and I'm sitting here stressing bro
but then 99.9 percent of the time
nothing even happens it's an illusion or
a dream and it turns out not to be scary
at all I was imagining things in front
of a mirror in your life you want me to
be scared show me things I can relate to
I standing from the dam you're I'm
terrified of the frickin Mount Everest
pimple on my face I would like it for
the actors to look into the mirror and
realize that hey maybe she only did one
of her eyebrows and left the other one
her freakin nightmare
maybe she woke up with a dumb tattoo
these are real fears I mean let me paint
you a picture right now maybe it's her
wedding day
okay she just had her photo shoot she's
alone walks into the washroom and it's
dark she hears noises looks in the
mirror and realizes that her face
eyelashes are in the wrong spot
Oh number two the nosebleed scene now
when I was younger I used to be one of
those nerdy kids who had nosebleeds very
frequently so I personally find these
scenes very offensive but I totally
promise I'm like cool now you'll swear
swag son no but really what is scary
about a nosebleed I feel like every time
a director doesn't know what to do in a
scary movie
someone knows nods waiting and it's
always completely out of context if
context was right here the nosebleed
would be in Japan I fail my test someone
poked me on Facebook like why is the
nose bleeding do you have a medical
condition because if anything is scary
about this movie it's the lack of health
care in it get fixed yourself people you
mix yourself number three the sexy
everytime characters in the movie decide
on Boogedy Boogedy you know someone's
peepee is getting killed these idiots
are upstairs for playing and that killer
is just sitting downstairs sharpening
his knife length and go beat the beat
the air and to be honest I feel really
awkward during these types of scenes I
feel like there's just way too many
emotions going on first of all the
characters are usually really cheap and
filthy and so like there's the added
fear of getting an STD but then at the
same time they're making love and they
seem so happy and like I know she puts
so much effort into shaving her legs
looking good matching her bra baggies
and he's all probably that yeah man yeah
they're killers just walking upstairs
Kill Bill style the guy's probably
feeling so good that I was getting some
I was get you so head goes flying across
the room he did and then the girl is
sitting there screaming half naked and
let's face it she's in a horror movie
which makes her stupid so she runs over
to the head picks up just the head I'm
gonna say you're really okay then the
killer comes just chops are up magic
bullet Styles in just three seconds and
the shower see I'm not in your life ever
since I saw the first final destination
yet
I have been horrified of slipping in the
shower I'm is not a joke I wear cleats
in the shower it's not joke but then
there are some shower scenes that are
just redonkulous the water turns into
blood snakes coming out of the faucet I
mean you want to scare me give me a
scary movie where the girls in the
shower lathering her hair she's got all
that shampoo in her hair she's lather me
real good like a Pantene pro-v
commercial she goes to get some more
shampoo looks at the bottle it says Nair
teeth no water turning into blood thing
I never understood that well how was
that scary how was that scary like how
would a killer affect my city's water
like unless a whale died in the ocean
that's the only explanation uh hello
whales are important they stabilize the
population of Pinocchio's fucking idiots
throw in the occasional little girl in a
white dress maybe a creepy little boy
maybe a full moon a broken bicycle for
good effect and you got yourself a
blockbuster son and the ending anything
goes a car crash everyone dies and maybe
there's just no explanation at all or
maybe some insignificant little thing
from earlier on in the movie that you
totally ignore ends up being the whole
conclusion on next time I poke you on
Facebook don't ignore me this is an uber
man that's not fan somebody give me a
french fry make sure you rate comment
and subscribe because I do make new
videos every Monday and Thursday one
love superwoman that's a wrap look I am
proud that I can almost complete a full
night of wearing heels yeah I may
stumble it may look like there's a gun
she up my bum when I walk but you know
what I get it done and I look damn good
doesn't matter baby
