so clearly my pimple has moved from here
to here let's give it a name can't be
named Waldo because everyone can find it
whatever everyone it's your girl
superwoman and today is International
Day of the girl boom a little curly
wearing boys jeans the last time I
checked I'm a girl and I'm damn proud
wait till stop man before you run away
cup Ben gig this isn't some video
bashing men contrary to popular belief
I'm actually not a feminist because a
feminist bites for the Equality of women
I believe in equality of all people so
aren't I feminism like a like a like a
equal list is that a word it is now I
know there's a better word for that for
the two more times
equalist there it is I believe in
equality for everyone men women anyone
in between and animals like but yes I am
proud to be a woman especially today I
am proud because in today's sick and
ignorant world where women are often not
treated right there's still fearless
women who look at the world and go yes
you or in the words of Chandler what up
friends reference
I am proud that I can almost complete a
full night of wearing heels yeah I may
stumble it may look like there's a
country of my bum when I walk but you
know what I get it done and I look damn
good I am proud of every single washing
picture I've ever taken and for everyone
who makes fun of me for that
suck on this and I'm so proud of every
effort of emotion I feel when I'm on my
period no one wants to ride the calm
swan Devon wants to experience the
roller coaster so if you can't handle
the ride get out the park and yes those
Hot Mess girls in the club I am proud of
you because I know without you such a
social establishment could not exist
which is why you get in free before
11:00 you get lined bypass and your
drinks are free and oh yes I am so proud
that my butt looks so damn good in yoga
pants that someone had to make a website
about it and yes as a woman I'm always
cold but I'm proud
why you ask cuz I look fabulous in this
freakin Snuggie I
so proud of my hand coordination that I
can put my hands behind my back and
complete three little small hooks
without even looking I am proud of my
complex emotions because no one would
think of Rubik's Cube is fun if it was
easy to solve
I am proud that sometimes all it takes
is a kick cap to turn my day from bad to
good and yes I am proud of the fact that
I spent $49.99 on a fancy bra even
though I'm single
just because wearing it makes me feel
good and I am proud of myself because
sometimes my panties match because I am
a woman and I am proud happy
International Day of the girl to
everyone because it is a day that
everyone should celebrate and to the men
out there who treat women right I like
you you day I'm fine
but for men who don't treat women right
and you think they shouldn't have equal
rights and do me a favor for you just go
to Google Google type in Google n tools
you should know this they look like
boobs and just search for the nearest
yoga center by your house square you
find it okay good go there participate
in the yoga just limber up you know the
yoga going get flexible okay great come
home okay now watch this video just
watch the video
okay now you're all loose and flexible
record you lose your newly attained yoga
skills now okay just bend over and F's
yourself and then make me a damn
sandwich effing cavemen no real talk
huge respects to women around the world
I know the struggles you face especially
in countries that do not have equal
rights for women just wanna let you know
that we do stand behind you we stand
together we stand strong I'm totally
proud to be a woman and you should be
too and I know we can change the world
for the better one positive day at a
time this is my little way of inspiring
women and making them feel proud and
strong but hey it's not just for women
because men you have women in your life
too so if you're proud to be a woman or
maybe you're a man who's proud of your
wife your mom your sister your daughter
your girlfriend your whoever share this
video and make sure you rate comment and
subscribe because I do make new videos
every Monday and Thursday one love
superwoman that's a wrap but wait
there's more good causes I will be at
the heart breeder
Memorial Basketball Tournament happening
on October 27th in Brampton fuckery was
a great community member who took his
own time and effort to try to help kids
get on the right path he recently passed
away there is a memorial basketball
tournament happening three-on-three
competition for kids aged 10 to 16 you
can register your team for free in the
family bring your parents bring your
siblings bring everyone to either play
or to just support the cause more
information isn't a link and I'll be
there so hey I would love to play some
basketball with you hey I might even
school you a little bit home sweet home
okay cool peace I'm so alone right now
sweetie my god
let's move tonight over
