I have a pimple whatever one is your
girl superwoman it's October I love up
the word jumpy October the committed and
even a buddy
onion I love October because I love
Halloween when I was younger
approximately ages 4 to 15 I was at
which every year because that way my
parents didn't have to buy new wig
natural Tings Jenson's that I've rarely
ever had to buy a costume because hello
the possibilities are endless
seven days minute and then this this is
Whitney again for 10 easy payments of
$99.99 I feel good about myself
maybe it's middly where did you come
from worried you don't want it to come
from get Nigel trick or treat
running Simba but you know what I don't
like about Halloween the chaos that is
associated when you do have to buy
costume Halloween costume shopping I
hate your face without fail idiot box
people such as myself wait till last
minute to get their costumes you go to
any store and there's a swarm of
annoying snotty but wonderful kids and
their stressed-out parents look even to
be too good you need room to be princess
running around grabbing things stepping
on my shoes crying mummy I won't do
bitter would like no fool points to be
something that you aren't already well I
don't get it twisted
I am the pink ranger it's walking time
gentle and the lineup actor cash
register G bus you would think like
Justin Bieber in one direction had a
baby together the way these kids are
swarming the place just straight Animal
Kingdom's dog yeah yeah yeah
I'm really where today huh no but for
real Halloween costume lines are in the
book of most annoying lines number one
banquet hall party food line number two
why didn't shove in line and that one is
tied with taking pictures with the bride
and groom at a time a wedding number
three rollercoaster line talking about
the bee nut the Leviathan number for
Dragutin boy line up at number five
Halloween costume line up
all y'all five you please jump in the
bag and F's yourself if patience is the
virtue there is no virtue here not take
nowhere lack of virtue and the funny
thing is parents are so annoying these
situations that they don't even bother
saying no they should want to get the
hell out what do you want what do you
want will be zombie chocolate
everybody's pick up and go you want
lightsaber you want this give me a night
plate of rice ever what you want tiara
okay pick up one tiara for you pick up
one for your brother let's go and kids
get too carried away they get so excited
by all of masks and different costumes
they forget the goal right baby you want
to be a transformer you need to focus
right now okay why are you looking at
swords huh why are you looking at fake
teeth you know what Optimus Prime is so
prime okay cuz he's goal-oriented riding
all types of issue want to be a
transformer you want to be a
questionmark get Joe is together son
your kid could be acing all types of
tests in school but if he wants to be a
transformer and he's looking at fairy
wings yet he fails the tests of the life
and then you finally get to the front
line hi there my name is Jessica your
total is $239 I want you just get me I'm
sure here's 315 faith no but why are all
students so expensive I mean the most
basic stuff like a referee costume a
plastic shirt and a whistle
$79.99 uh hello yeah I could get a job
at Foot Locker
for free just stop or face like I'm at a
dumber if we do I look like an NFL temp
and then the sizes don't tell me one
size fits all because you're lying
you're lying
what if I was looking not you're telling
me you're Princess Jasmine pants are
gonna fit on a disc but I'm gonna wrong
right here
no it's gonna look like there's a poo in
my pants
so this Halloween don't be dumb and buy
your costumes bull be smart and make
them and worst case scenario you can't
think of anything want any three random
items from your house Andres is Lady
gaga
sister treat Trick or Treat trick or
treat make sure you rate comment and
click that subscribe button because I do
make new videos every Monday and
Thursday there's always an awesomesauce
one love superwoman and that's a wrap so
because it's that beautiful time of year
again parent-teacher interviews let's
take a walk down memory lane shall we
let's do it come walk with me I'm
walking
