what if everyone it's your girl
superwoman it's all good in the hood
or is it because it's that beautiful
time of year again parent-teacher
interviews let's take a walk down memory
lane shall we
I'm walking possibly the most Awkward
uncomfortable nerve-wracking experience
of your student life everything about
parent-teacher interviews is absolutely
disgusting the awkward introduction hi
mrs. Smith this is my mom hey ceci pedal
they're all two worlds clashing together
that don't belong together the awkward
smiles your parents trying to act
different proper and unab uses kind of
an abusive is that word it is now not me
ma'am ah nah hmm if your parents don't
speak English you're golden never do
your homework again just kidding no I
really
oh hello how are you mrs. Daley wall
yeah hey somebody already came here
Oh actually mr. Smith my mother doesn't
understand English oh that's no problem
at all mrs. Daley wall Lily if you could
just kindly tell your mother that you
need to participate a bit more in class
maybe raise your hand a bit more yes
certainly mommy can be a man in need
jeonggi student did own a pair huh not a
sorry - Jonathan mmm the boss
better there
exactly I told you yes thank you
good good okay thank you but beware
because that goes both ways once upon a
time I had a Punjabi teacher yeah you
know nothing good can ever come of two
Punjabi women in the same room let me
show them what happened okay I'm gonna
show them all my imaginary Keep Watch
hello mrs. Van Leeuwen Harlan yes good
oh I'm disappointed people live no no no
she's fine in English she's tiny hundred
a girlfriend every one of these no no no
no it's fine honey I'm digitally
boutique um McCarthy very important ah
Amy juiceless
homuth Academy katana but Jonah to
homework chat East Avenue dog Bandar
ghetto
John Diggle RIA Lilly homework Kiana a
tactical injuries at the move it is very
well managed soft carpet appear via
chemical now but Fanny Lily look
boarding school page then yeah I agree
Jack 100% agree it's just an awkward
situation and to be quite frank it's
rude it's rude to discuss someone or
their work well they're right in front
of you imagine if we applied that to
other situations oh my god I had such a
good time yeah one second okay this guy
is FN horrendous there's a better time
to be jumping your sewer and finding the
Ninja Turtles they go ahead a second
although you tried kissing me it was so
bad I don't think y'all babe anyways
okay yeah I'm cool
I promise I'd love to go on a second
date with you these are all good a
little bit now a few days before your
parent-teacher interview I suggest some
sit your parents down by the community
as well as you know I know I'm in grade
four and you may think I'm irresponsible
and the latter what you hear over the
next two days whatever is gonna happen I
think I'm gonna get my lecture I want to
become a doctor I would love for you to
pick my spouse okay
my don't these round let's be real
you're gonna get beat either way so hey
good luck to you enjoy these experiences
because you will laugh or possibly cry
welcome later so I think want to be back
you just behave in school just shut up I
mean you know if you misbehave your
parents are gonna phone oh yeah get it
what t-shirt reference huge shoutouts
for the birthday gift thank you so much
lemon don't forget make new videos every
Monday and Thursday so make sure you
like comment and click that subscribe
button son daughter Facebook and Twitter
links in the description so make sure
you do all that stuff to make if you
like this video there's a link in the
description as well to share it because
sharing is caring
yeah that's a wrap one love superwoman
so and one who's not great last time to
let
don't try this at home leggo stupid
hello
rate comment and subscribe okay don't
make me beat your face
