what is my life what about when it's a
girl superwoman so in my last video I
mentioned that I hit 100,000 subscribers
and honestly this is a huge deal for me
so I did mention that I will do some
sort of challenge silly video to thank
you so for today's video I'm putting the
rants the comedy skits and the wings
aside for a moment and I'm gonna do
something absolutely I can ridiculous so
if you're looking for witty punchlines
or intelligent humor or even a well
structured video this is not for you my
friend you are the weakest click good
boy
so I wanted my Facebook and Twitter and
I asked how can I thank you for hitting
100,000 subscribers what kind of
challenge ridiculous thing do you want
me to do and apparently if you hit
100,000 subscribers you have to torture
yourself I'm down I'm going through the
comments go into the comments I see
three things that are continuously
repeating themselves Gangnam style
Bhangra and cinnamon challenge and my
conclusion use all EFT and I love it so
dumb when I dance Bhangra to Gangnam
style after doing the cinnamon challenge
dressed as a robot how does this equal
thank you I have no idea sometimes it's
okay not to ask questions
before I attempt this I want to say that
a lot of people told me not doing
cinnamon challenge because it's
disgusting and it can be a little bit
dangerous and yo gives you a sore throat
yah yah also not to mention I'm a huge
pansy when it comes to anything spicy I
can't even eat Maggi noodles because
I'll die this is a bit stressful for me
right now so I did do some research and
um I kind of think I know how to
complete the cinnamon challenge but you
know we'll see I could be totally wrong
said the stupid lady before she died
from the cinnamon challenge but you know
what I like experiences and I have to
say please I know this all challenging
you've seen a million people do it do
not try to do this at home this is the
most uncool thing I'm doing please don't
try to eat some cinnamon at home learned
it okay so here we go are you ready ahh
dancing funginner to Gangnam style after
doing the cinnamon challenge dressed as
a robot this is apparently a robot I
just want to say that if I die while
doing this please throw rocks at my
corpse because I died an F an idiot so
we got some ground cinnamon Cool
Runnings Caribbean Tings them oh my god
what is my life can't even open the
packet I feel already
oh that's hectic right there 100,000
subscribers is the price you pay Lily
okay so I'm a really big believer that
you're gonna do something don't do it
like a pansy do it like a boss so I'm
gonna try to not even hesitate and just
not gonna flinch I'm just gonna do it
I'm sweating right now
I'm just gonna do it are you ready for
this okay that we should make sure
Gangnam style's ready to 100,000
subscribers thank you um don't try this
at home
let go copy enjoy your honor you're in
the yota
buy me oh gods in the in the judge
Oh
Oh
one important role in Georgia be better
cheaper money
pulling your job guy achievement when
why don't you for that
okay refresh everywhere show my locker
I may be a year late but I just
completed the cinnamon challenge
I'm gonna go hmm I'm very mad at you
right now
I'm more sentimental no all stupid
challenges aside I have to say that
truly means so much to me hitting
100,000 subscribers it's such a big deal
to me
and the most beautiful and the most
challenging thing but being a youtuber
is that you can do whatever you want to
do and it can be amazing but if people
don't watch you you're absolutely
nothing so the fact that you take time
of your day to watch my videos like or
dislike them comment them and click
subscribe it means so much to me because
my success is heavily dependent on all
of you so thank you so so much from the
bottom of my heart
I'm so grateful for all 100,000 of you
thank you so much for accepting me for a
weird wacky and crazy ways and here is
to a hundred thousand more mmm
and hey if you haven't joined us yet
what you waiting for click that
subscribe button because clearly I'm a
psychopath well you can just close this
window and ignore me and just move on
with your day that's totally cool too
one love that's a wrap
superwoman I'll see you on Thursdays
because I make new videos every Monday
and Thursday
eep-eep eep-eep now for a celebration
dance
Oh
