what everyone it's your girl superwoman
not for the longest time I've been
telling myself I'm going to get back
into shape I say back into shape because
I used to be in shape back in the day I
used to do a gripper I used to do
weights and used to dance I used to be
in shape not to say I'm not in shape now
but now I'm more of a pear shape
don't let these videos fool you I know
sometimes you guys come and say oh my
god superwoman look so fit you I know
Rick Rob's lives in my belly mm-hmm and
honestly my fit I don't mean thin or
skinny or blah blah blah I know people
come in all shapes and sizes and that's
totally cool I mean healthy me I'm super
unhealthy and yeah I know sometimes I
feel bad about it
but then I think like okay let's be real
it's not my fault like there's so many
reasons I'm out of shape okay first of
all I don't know about you but is really
weird every time I work out I get this
really weird sensation like it hurts
I'm not down Cinnabons have you smelt
that store what a godsend a bunch
replacement there's so many other things
to do besides working out eating lying
down sitting down not working out Burger
King cost like five dollars and it keeps
me full for many hours
subway costs ten dollars and I get
hungry like an hour later you do the
math honestly I wake up at 2:00 p.m.
then I go to bed at five years so that
whole don't eat after 8:00 Canada's work
with me how Michaels that lunch linner
dinner and a midnight snack
Casca what winter is coming
I figure that it's always so hard to
find a nice winter jacket so I might as
well just have one under my skin and
honestly I can't work out for the same
reasons I'm single I have commitment
issues do I prefer every other day okay
that's way too much attachment for me
working out is just like a clingy
boyfriend it's always just like do me
just do me lift this squat there in most
situations like you'll just let me lie
down and go to sleep and dieting okay
see ya that right there is against my
spiritual beliefs like you have all this
great amazing food and you're choosing
not to eat it sounds I'm grateful to me
and then there are the stairs as an
escalator like if you're gonna give me
the option to have moving stairs
why would I manually lift my leg to do
something that could be done for me it's
just common sense
ah I live in an Indian household you
could squeeze enough oil out of our food
to power a motor vehicle you're doing
jumping jacks with boobs just seems so
naughty and it feels weird weird there's
little people that live in our boobs
every time the jumping jack is like an
earthquake for them I don't know where
this is going
aside from the physical labor working on
beans you need to keep your iPod
up-to-date now the absolute worst at
that I mean I also work on right now I'd
be doing jumping jacks to quit playing
games matter Hey playing games with Ma
people in the boobs giving it the de
Kraft Dinner becomes a good source of
vitamin C protein and ass imma be F and
Ciara but until then all of my meals are
gonna be made at five minutes in the
microwave a lot of students work at
fast-food restaurants because they need
to work to pay for school
so anything by me eating fast food I'm
actually donating to charity be healthy
go to hell whatever your choice when
someone asks me do I want fries with
that what kind of silly question is that
I never say no I say yes the side of
onion rings
not just fries I need the onion rings
hello I don't want my happy meal to be a
cock fest this isn't a brown party
meeting social gatherings birthday
parties they happen in restaurants and
bars not in the gym no one says okay oh
six o'clock by the treadmills see you
there I vote any food establishment and
say light pale light mail they just
don't get it like hi hello would you
like to add some burger to my mail in
conclusion it's not my fault but I'm out
of shape I tried my best
skinny no real talk I've made this video
to publicly commit to working out again
that's I hate them I get a lot of other
people in the same boat that need a
little extra push and motivation so hey
my family life
India let's get into gether let's get
healthy together let's do it together
you're ready pinky promise okay if you
see me somewhere and I'm holding a
chocolate bar I'm gonna select me no
more excuses
make sure to rate comment and click that
subscribe button because I do make new
videos every Monday Thursday and I love
down here now excuse me as I go to
Agrabah or go to sleep whatever please
even if the camera wasn't here I'd be
eating this exact same way wants to
marry me now hey I hope you enjoyed that
video click here to watch my last video
and if you may have noticed I kind of
sword I hit a hundred thousand
subscribers so I definitely do want to
make a special video for that but I
thought I want your opinion so if you
want me to do any type of funky video
challenge there something comment below
let me know what you would like me to do
to thank you for hitting 100,000
subscribers mmm ah one the
