whatever one is your girl superwoman so
I literally just came back from the
airport I spent the weekend in Calgary
and Vancouver I went there for several
awesomesauce events and it just got home
so I'm sorry this videos late but I did
promise I no matter how late I get home
and how tired I am that I'll still make
a video so here I am and my ears are
still plugged from the plane so I don't
know how loud I'm speaking or how softly
I'm speaking because I can't hear myself
and yes I took my camera to Vancouver
like a keener thinking I was gonna
record something but nope but doesn't
matter because ll new video so it's my
happy birthday tomorrow September 26 so
I thought what better time to make this
video birthdays birthdays are great and
terrible very terrible I grew up in an
Indian family clearly since I just did
this I grew up on an Indian family and
so I had to deal with some Indian
tendencies on my birthday's every year
fresh fruit cream cake or mango mousse
cake like Hello for the fifth hundred
time on me I'm allergic to cantaloupe it
hurt my throat happy birthday mummy why
do you want me to die on my birthday I
know it's yeah like it'll make a cool
tombstone and stuff like you love me and
stuff I want some ice cream cake up in
this thing mom I know it's expensive
like tap into my education savings or
some things priorities family birthday
parties okay so get this did you know
it's only a desi thing for people to
take turns feeding the birthday girl or
boy yeah once I went to my friend's
party and obviously common sense she cut
the cake we all took turns feeding her
and all of our white friends were like
oh my ma I know she are you yes us brown
people take turns feeding the birthday
boy or girl and people take pictures of
that oh we pose like this and we take
videos of it and then that future
parties we watch those videos it's like
Food Network India cake-cutting alone
takes 40 minutes cuz you cut the cake
and then everyone comes and feeds you
one by one and then all the undies and
uncles are gonna try putting cake on
your face because they're so funny like
hi hello last week at a family party you
were looking at me big like haul MOOC
and nut crop gonna get you special
creams from Indian dish
now just Duncan Hines in my booty like
it's nothing blend look like the Betty
Crocker
look at this I'm still recovering from
last year they see come and then you
blow the candles but you don't blow out
all of them no you don't blow that one
extra can
that's been put there for good luck you
never blow the good luck you only shake
the luck especially if your luck is one
beard
sorry that was a Punjabi joke and I
don't like making jokes only certain
people understand so white people why am
CA I'm really tired well yeah that one
candle is for good luck and if you don't
blow it out
you're golden for the rest of the year
in fact if you don't blow d'you also
have an extra thumb perfect
don't blow it out have an extra thumb
and your left eye was twitching horse
claws birthday gifts money
always and forever money creativity
thinking of someone wondering what they
like and try to put effort into it
always and forever money never $50 never
$100 50 101 you talking about four-leaf
clovers son I got loonies as good luck
for days
dear Sunita stop ruining my birthday and
stealing my spotlight every year
just kidding that's rude I'm sorry I'm
so I'm sure the fact that you're an
attention whore has nothing to do with
your sexual behavior I'm sure you're a
very classy lady and if you do give me a
gift uncle and undo please at least try
to hide the fact that you're reusing the
bag oh thank you so much for the gift
for kid happy Anniversary Balu also
sleep with that little tag thing off the
bag man that way at least I can reuse it
to Betsy Kong so happy birthday to me or
in the words of town people Cappy
birthday buddy Cappy birthday once again
I'm sorry this video was late but like
yo deci come back to ask you for one
birthday gift that would be for you -
please vote for me my online competition
the link is in the description I'm
running for vlog and film king of the
web and you can bow just log on via
Facebook the link is in the description
you can vote 10 times a day until
September 30th and it'd be a great gift
if I was to win that and stuff so please
winning that competition would
definitely make my birthday it'll also
make up for the allergy attack I'm gonna
have tomorrow when I eat a piece of
cantaloupe happy birthday to you happy
birthday to know yo
