what up everyone it's your girl
superwoman now I get a million and ten
emails from people asking me how do I
approach the person I'd like how do I
talk to them Lily help me so I decide to
save the day and make this real easy for
you shy don't just wear a cape cuz it's
sexy okay I'll work it the F is my kick
wet that so if you're watching this
video because someone sent it to you
text it to you emails you posted on your
wall hi you how you doing
let's talk okay so the person that sent
you this video has a bit of a thing for
you but wait
don't be an effing douche duffel bag
okay don't go message them right now
block them and friggin take your pants
off just sit down and listen to me yeah
jerk chicken okay so the person that
sent you this video is a bit shy you
know they don't want to creep you out
they didn't know how to approach you and
honestly it's probably because you're so
damn fine I mean I'm looking at you I'm
here on their behalf we're just looking
at you imagine like Mike Tyson you just
bite your ears with your fine self maybe
you work with this person maybe they're
one of your best friend maybe did that
perverted creep that this behind you in
class maybe you have no idea who left
they are but the point is they like you
they fancy a mate they don't leave an
ugly Joe to you hey boo boo boo shit and
let them since one or cry for whatever
reason you have nice eyes you're funny
you're muy caliente maybe when you laugh
your booty jiggles in they like it I
don't know
I ain't Miss Cleo but I am the messenger
and this isn't sparta so let's have a
word dude okay if you're interested or
intrigued by this person and what
explore the option of getting to know
them send a message right now come on
this is your greenlight message um you
know how you okay you're good you fancy
me is it is it
let's talk do it now but if you're not
interested there's really no need for
you to get donkey days simply and
politely reply back with only a smiley
face only a smiley face and that
basically means
I saw the video I'm flattered not really
interested but hey a for effort
this body first class aren't things just
so much easier this way you know we can
really learn a thing or two from those
random creeps who messages from overseas
every day on Facebook they're just
strike the F up hello I really very much
so like in your photographs on the
profile maybe you want to do romantic
with me sometime you wanting to do the
French kiss you want ready to go cinema
with me very nice popcorn very good film
first class or get in the hot car the
Lingle listen here again we offer mush
up your bumper real good you know
nana-san ahead not a no no not asado
uncus i so yeah don't be scurred all
lame acronyms aside you only do live
once so live in the moment then just go
for it
hope that helps lovers and make sure you
rate comment and subscribe because i do
make new videos every Monday and
Thursday so just click on that button
because I want you to do friendship with
you here's to life because it's for
living
that's right one love all right well I
hope you enjoyed that video click here
to watch my previous video so quick know
if you don't know yet I'm running for a
block and fill the king of the web
hoping it'll be a queen of the web you
can vote for me it's an online
competition you can vote 10 times a day
the links are in the description so if
you haven't voted Shane hey just click a
button 10 times not her they finished my
Jewish
