what if everyone it's your girl
superwoman girls on periods possibly the
most requested video of all time right
after take your top off
well you're in luck I do not think so
now if this video was a tampon or pad
commercial it would go something like
this
it's that amazing time of month again
when my soul and femininity is pouring
out from in between my legs
into a beautiful Lotus tampon when I'm
superwoman and I keeps it real so allow
me to say there is blood constantly
pouring out of us for five effin days
it's like a game of God War down there
and so fellas let me teach you about
girls on their periods because most of
you are clueless and I'm gonna try my
best to make this as pleasant as
possible for you but to be honest if you
can't handle little McNasty then take
your Mickey D and close the box if
you're still here congratulations if not
typical typical man what things got
messy things got hard and you just went
running to that X story time once upon a
time a guy asked me if girls use
bandages when on their period yes yes we
do we do use bandages on her on her
period but only Sponge Bob bandages it
makes sense you know he's a sponge just
smack you may be the friggin band-aid
was made for Godzilla like do you use
ziplock bags of condoms like what kind
of question is that
don't stupid girls either use tampons
and pads and for all you guys dingo pads
they're like diapers huh don't laugh
that's not funny because they are pads
are uncomfortable and they are
irritating his f and just like a child
in an Indian family if they're not
straight they cause a mess tampons are a
little different if you're an Indian
girl you've been taught since birth not
to use tampons because apparently
tampons make you a slut uh hello how
dare you stick anything in that area
don't you know that's reserved for a
complete stranger on your arranged
marriage wedding day ah
and yes it's no secret that when girls
are on their period they are an
emotional roller coaster we're not
stupid we know this hormones are just
all over the effort lace and baby I
promise baby I know it's frustrating but
believe me it's frustrating for us too
we cry for no reason
we get mad we get sad we get happy we
get glad like I swear to you emoticons
were created by women on their periods I
mean who else will think of this many
effed up emotions this right here
cramps one a chocolate bar I'm so in
love what and we will never get used to
our periods I'm 23 years old and even
still till this day
I get shocked as f when I get my period
I'm in some next-level denial no no
don't worry all right sorry I probably
cut myself I probably cut myself yeah I
don't know it's fine I'm fine it's fine
nothing's wrong okay let's go swimming
where's my white pants it is exhausting
every month carry pads and tampons
everywhere you go are you going on
vacation f checking your work schedule
check your period schedule cuz you
better make sure you ain't bringing your
own ocean on to the cruise ship cramps
chest pain back pain bloating nausea
it's like a pepto-bismol commercial from
hell cramps back pain jesseman room
nausea I bet emotion it's a very humor
and water guns who needs water guns when
you're on your period just stand still
and sneeze much more that TDOT TDOT
Atilla and here's a fun fact
girls periods do not flow when they're
in water and if you're a girl and you
for some reason and all that eh what the
f & b grab a hose and like a lab coat
experiment girlfriend so in the shower
we are fan-freakin'-tastic hot shower
relaxation all up on the ovaries singing
a song do a little dance but the second
that water stops let's just say that the
reality show ain't got nothing on that
amazing race don't race to dry yourself
and get a pad or tampon back on before
your period starts now you're falling
everywhere it is stressful you need a
game plan before you turn that water off
okay turn the water off okay tell her go
arms arms face okay there's no time in
the back no time
legs okay you can go on okay whoa you
look at your white towels at the F in
Japan flag also note that it's okay for
us to say we're crazy but you hi you can
never say that to us
in fact don't ever base any of our
actions or behaviors on the assumption
that were on our period and that's just
physically seeming opening a pad
don't just assume that because I'm angry
about my period because that ish is
annoying and tonight when you're
sleeping I would assume you're dead and
bury you in the backyard lastly at least
once in her life a girl will ask the guy
to buy her pads or tampons from the
store
it is extremely attractive for that guy
to agree and buy her those pads and
tampons because the shows do care about
her feminine needs and as much as you
don't want to be seen in public buying
those pads and tampons just think about
it her period only lasts 5 to 7 days
there's still the rest of the money to
be on her good side
and yeah that's pretty much it this is
not me complaining that girls get their
period oh no no feel sorry for us I'm
not down for that but I'm just letting
you know like no yeah we get crazy and
we got delusional and we're emotional
role clothes just we just accept it and
move on sally-ann David up this video I
make new videos every Monday and
Thursday make sure you click that
subscribe button write and comment and
click the link in the description to
share this video because hey sharing
what's up that's my answer that's that's
my justification sharing was up
subscribe was up and I hope you have a
beautiful day because you're beautiful
and I love you so much
mmm not for my heart and my soul I hope
you have a wonderful day afternoon
evening morning whatever else
what I love superwoman that's a wrap
period
