what if everyone is a girl Superman I
have a sore throat and I thought hey
since I sound like a man maybe I can
think like one too
now last time I took a piss I don't
remember being a guy but you can let me
know a cure this is the best of my
female ability I'm gonna let you know
what men want
leggo boobs booty skinny Nam playing I'm
not gonna make one of those typical
videos bashing guys although you know
I'm so good at it
okay yes most men like the female body
but if all they cared about were big
boobs at a fat booty then they'd be
dating Peter Griffin right now so
clearly there's more to the story men do
not want a woman who's gonna try to
change them don't do that crap I mean if
your boyfriend ever tried to change you
you'd be PMSing all of the devlins I
think I'd you don't love me for who I am
hi oh you know who he was before you
said yes to be his girlfriend so
girlfriend why try to change him now
that's what dating is for your me people
hi hello how are you to see if you're
compatible with them then if you are
they ask you oh you say yes you don't
try changing them after the fact you had
the chance to say no before if you're
looking for an Optimus Prime girlfriend
don't say yes to an effing ricksha what
trying to mold and don't play doh
he ain't play doh men not only want but
they need time to themselves guys time
you know guys night up just chilling
with the boys let me get this straight
you're gonna get mad at him when he's a
dirty nasty perverted crap to you but
when he wants to go to with his boy so
he can do with them you're gonna get mad
he's gotta be at perv somewhere don't
get mad at him cuz he wants to show this
boys don't be blowing up his phone you
just make like a keyboard and give him
some space I don't feel like a lot come
with you chill the boys no don't do that
imagine if he was with you every time
you were having Girl Talk oh my god I
have such cramps oh my god girl me too
all my boobs my boob my boobs are
hurting oh yeah yeah mine too
oh okay hear me and cheer me clear your
boyfriend is with you because he likes
you men don't want a girl who is so
insecure and needs constant reassurance
imagine if a guy needed as much constant
reassurance as some girls your girl my
fat brother fans Jersey your girl girls
my line up straight is a straight man
this one spot right here won't grow man
I don't know what is that a pimple I got
girl girl get me something cheesy oh
right
girl you couldn't love me if I have acne
talk don't lie to me be honest do these
boxers make that package like smoke beer
does my package look small which would
you sign for it
don't play girl and you know it wouldn't
hurt to compliment the man every once in
a while I know how much women love
compliments well we are so effing
selfish I mean think about you're going
out right this effing Julie probably
waited two hours in line to get his hair
cut from his favorite bar bears a nice
fade or whatever got nicely lined up for
you drove to the Chateau paid way too
much from matching ties you're drafting
he went home he shower you did the whole
acts excellent he flexed in the mirror
for like 20 minutes just to boost his
self-esteem
he drove picked you up in his car all
cologned up ring the doorbell feeling go
and open the door first thing in here
that's my dress like a baby to us pretty
no no okay don't be start bad selfish
next time you rings your doorbell you
open the door before he even says
anything sheesh
baby you look really good would it kill
ya man you know all those times he
chills with your friends watch his chick
flicks with you freakin gives you his
jacket when it's cold yeah he does that
because he loves you you think his
nipples don't get cold no his nipples
get hella cold but he'd rather have
friggin snowball nipples that make you
feel anybody cold so sometimes would it
kill you to show them that you care
maybe pick up the remote in the middle
of Pretty Little Liars and say you know
what baby let's watch the basketball
game and honestly would it kill you to
Wikipedia that ish I mean I don't know
anything about sports either but you are
not like your man to be sitting there
you know with you watching Sex in the
City and be like oh baby when are Edward
and Jacob gonna come up so for God's
sakes don't be sitting there asking how
your periods are letting the game of
basketball
lastly not every guy is a douchebag so
don't be so damn defensive all the time
I mean if your man is an ignorant
arrogant selfish sexist douchebag Pig
then yeah he's hungry baby there's a
subway just around the corner feel free
to go for a walk when you come back the
locks will be changed but if your man is
a sweetheart and he just had a long day
he comes home baby sit down I will make
you a sandwich okay baby we are awesome
we are sexy we are nice compassionate
being but we're also the biggest
hypocrites in the world you want
compliments compliment
man you want the door held for you you
hold the door for a man you want a back
massage and you better massages at them
back because to be completely honest to
sum this all up besides booty and boobs
men want everything we want
except they won't make a big deal about
it like we do for the most part that was
a generalization but for the most part
oh and that is what men want now excuse
me as I put my vajayjay back on what men
suck
one love that's a wrap superwoman make
sure you rate comment and subscribe and
if you like this video click the link in
the description and I make new videos
every Monday and Thursday so every
Monday there's a see you right here
because we don't have a sex it's good
and have six power whoa is this so
cooling
