hey what if everyone it's your girl
superwoman oh yeah
super Monday or Tuesday depending on how
late this is gonna be so a little birdie
told me that tomorrow a lot of y'all
going back to school and I know I
already made a video about back to
school but this one's a little different
so when you're going to school tomorrow
this will be very educational for you
let's go deep into school and you're old
like me you just sitting there don't
know what your life's about you popcorn
on YouTube and hey let's take a walk
down memory lane
shall we not on the outline types of
kids at school but this is no way
encompasses all the types of people at
school and you know I'm not trying to
generalize and disclaimer disclaimer
some some duckie comment insert here
don't be mad
number one the know-it-all this kid is
probably the most annoying part of being
in class now you would think homies on a
basketball team playing defense always
hands up the whole times what's the
population of Tibet I am what's the
circumference of Jupiter I know at
school dad said look Jack enough what's
the name boys like I know I know shut
the F up but stop lowering my
self-esteem okay on top of that not only
does this person know the answer to
every question but they want to sit
there and start teaching the class about
things and students debt is called a
membrane oh oh there's also actually
different types of memories for example
semi permeable memories that allow
things to pass through be a diffusion or
such things as a sodium potassium pump
oh oh I'm sorry let me just just turn my
desk your chair around here I didn't
know you were the mother active teacher
you just add more education into the
classroom by choice break your membrane
okay I got muscles number dos the older
sex bowel
there are always one or two older sex
bombs in every school a girl or guy in
your school that you know absolutely
nothing about I mean you've never
chilled with them you've never spoken to
them for all you know they could be big
human costume do not not take but
whenever they peek at you yeah boom
lightning in your pants they are so hot
and check this out in a few days of
discovering this older sex bomb you and
your friends will create a code word to
identify them now my friends man where
idiot so we use the word alert because
that's not obvious at all when she's in
the home of us alert alert alert alert
alert alert alert alert alert alert
alert alert alert alert we have the
stupor true story and alert if you're
watching this what up baby how you doing
Joe fine so suddenly had Tourette's the
I suggest more smooth things like sexy
noodles
glitter bomb ready kitty panty dropper
boxer boxing
squirtle and trust me my love's you will
have a dandy moment of silence whenever
this older sex bomb passes you oh my god
no I went to bed so late last night
I need to a washroom squirtle number fin
the hot player the hottie of your grade
because he's sexy and he knows that do
anything you need community
he is mr. cool mr. popular hair always
did fresh lineup for his dress cute
impressed
yeah the way with the ladies he's so hot
he's a total douche berry everyone knows
he's a player honestly he's like a
tampon one time you springing FCU leaves
a mess and leaves you alone craving a
chocolate bar whatever we do it what I
keep doing is the highway what I keep do
why don't you doing this
he's like a magnet from hell because
every girl stole off me in other words
all girls hate him but secretly we love
his soul and want to tackle space
because he's so epic gorgeous
he is the Apple from the forbidden tree
who doesn't like it there at the cells
you want for her majesty
hi I'm sorry I think you're actually the
wrong place yeah yeah this is actually
our crappy high school not Miss World
pageant okay yeah chill F up high heels
fancy purse big earrings hair did makeup
did this girl comes to school every day
as if it was her effing wedding day then
let me know what your wedding let me
know let me know if I should be a junco
just as soon as you walk to the hallway
just John go I let me know like you
don't I did it warmer like don't test me
like just let me know stripping I'll be
there she is an effing disturbance I'll
be sitting in class in the hallway you
know she's coming with her damn rhinos
like haha why you're a joke really funny
joke is joking you you don't make me
feel bad but wearing my same Walmart
trackpads every day but you know what
joke's on you because when everyone sees
you at prom even look exactly the damn
same but I however mind
hot myself yeah bringing prom there I'm
gonna go from bring in jay-z to Beyonce
from faking bumped bootylicious right
here number 5 the a/v crew these are the
techniques the audio-visual nerds the
people who control assemblies talent
show the lights and the sounds in a
study I just made up right now it's been
proven that these people are most likely
to grow up to do the most arrange things
so be nice to the a/v crew because in
the future when they become murderers
criminals and pedophiles yeah for your
future children's sake you might want to
don't flirt with some very stylish the
hey AV crew remember me 20 years from
now but I'm variable what am i doing in
this video I I don't know I didn't even
have
like I just you know what the floor has
just been varnished I'm gonna talk okay
with crazy fumes never making me crazy
all over the crazy floor spaghetti
meatballs don't do drugs subliminal
messaging number I don't remember the
waterworks this person is almost always
female and her cray cray makes me
embarrassed of my vajayjay she falls in
love like it's nothing it's like Cupid
has a dartboard and it's hanging on her
face oh my god like oh my do you not
understand I love her you know song by
Taylor Swift we are never ever ever ever
getting back together
good song if she's never heard it never
always crying always heartbroken always
an epic hotness tears are just part of
her face Monday Tuesday lunch picture
Digg prom cool dance like girlfriend
please please take on his teachers 20
bucks take it take my 20 bucks okay and
go buy some effin waterproof mascara
okay because I can't be seeing a horror
movie every time I see your face a
girlfriend
seriously imagine you just have one last
booty of ropey left in life and you have
a whole bunch of other go be still just
friggin get it together and last we have
puberty parm parm can be a girl or a guy
why not doing a sex been dumping names
first year parm
who the hell is parm second year Oh pom
pom I think he's in my English class
third year no guys what do you think
alarm fourth year okay I want parm to
have my effing babies like I don't care
from two young at least needs to like
father my Tamagotchi good all puberty
parm the person no one notices until
they get a little bit taller a little
more muscle a little more facial clear
stop sounding like Dennis the Menace a
little more
Buie respectively further for their
individual sex slow clap for puberty but
honestly it's important to remember that
although some kids at school are
annoying dramatic me and Craig they all
add to that unique school experience and
I promise you you will miss it this is
just a fun little video for all of you
going back to school tomorrow honest
don't go around labeling people and
judging people is just for fun I hope
you have a great first day at school
tomorrow comment below let me know which
school you're going to tomorrow my give
it a little shadow on Twitter or
Facebook like I did in my last
back-to-school video so yeah comment
below with your school name and let me
know what kind of kid you think you are
be honest honesty our let's do it are
you the waterworks are you the
waterworks are you the waterworks try to
the waterworks are you the waterworks
you're the waterworks ah there is a
flying bug in my new videos every Monday
and Thursday so watch us go ahead and
click that subscribe button also if you
like this video there's a link in the
description click it to share it on
Facebook while you do those two things
I'm gonna just talk nerdy to you I want
to just kiss your esophagus and caress
your epidermis I wish I was a
neurotransmitter jumping through your
synapses just for the presynaptic
postsynaptic all up in that nervous
system just like a steady permeable
membrane letting in what's good and
keeping out foreign agents creating
molecular bonds for days give you all
the ATP your system needs I want to feel
the ribosomes on your endoplasmic
reticulum my mitochondria is a
powerhouse and I just I have a BP
