what up everyone it's your girl
superwoman okay so recently I made a
vlog called what songs really mean and
basically it was about me trying to act
like a six year old kid trying to figure
out what a kid would think today's dirty
songs mean and this video is based on
that vlog so if you haven't seen that
blog yet stop right now stop I don't go
any further click right there click
right there watch it because you won't
know what's going on so stop I'll wait
click the vlog watch it come back it'll
open in a new window so you know I've
conveniently just today my nephew happen
to be at my house so I thought what
better way to experiment PS I hope I
don't go to hell so welcome to my video
with my nephew and random interview and
off okay enjoy hello this is my nephew
Dylan Dylan say hi hi everyone why are
you so upset
you guys cuz what my first time being on
a video you're nervous you're not with
me to screaming you still doing it
talking about good good candy shop since
I took you there one time which card you
saw a shop with lots of candy da ya da
gummy bear the worm candy jelly bean
that's Malay
hey what you eat what you eat
why would you make a song about cake
maybe it's for your first time hanging a
song so she's singing about cake what
kind of gig apple cake you get I see and
you put apples little pieces of Apple in
the middle okay da da what was that song
about all these feet away from God
always feet away from cops there you go
thank you a monk on for that valuable
essence yeah she said take a ride on I
want to take a ride on and disclose it
what's this envelope anything down on me
like her a huge I rock to see a tower a
car uh bad anything why why would he
want something on her oh my god Mamma
Mia buh buh be a judge a deal roll it
all or roll anything around like pasta
cook you don't or a testing go oh yeah I
finger a jackdaw yeah you can know like
you know those strings with you with you
get your hand and you just spin it
around yeah yeah that's called the
jackpot okay so she's saying to roll
that around yeah yeah
make sense yes it does make sense mr.
officer
yeah what is your looming you all know
yeah ah wrap I don't know it you know
I'm I am great to now oh okay um what
does swag mean way as I saw me uh back
your car Oh doctor never pet name people
you tell me if you like them you don't
like them like a new key manoj uh kind
of hey here's some times
purple okay no I do not like Drake love
I like turmoil huh the Moto song yeah
okay Lady Gaga she said girl he stopped
and boy do not like really stuff Selena
Gomez
she talked flashing Megan Fox and more
hotter
Oh Megan Fox is more hotter yeah okay
how old are you seven Oh what about
Rihanna oh did he it but c'mon make sure
you rate make your due date people and
comment
cheers order you've met better make a
comment for then tell them there's a
button over here they have to click it
to subscribe tell them there's a button
over here people up there and you have
to click it do describe our halls gonna
come and beat you up click it to
describe top comments should be that
Dylan so cute say that and comment God's
want to be so cute playful we're gonna
make weird faces for the rest of video
here we go
and go
if I give you $5.00 will you give me a
kiss on the camera
uh no hey I hope you like the video
isn't he so cute there's lots of extras
behind the scenes footage to see it
click right here go to my blog channel
and you will see it um and thank you
Dylan Dylan from Lilly boo boo ah thank
you for being in my with you love you
baby hi
