look at my muscles what if everyone it's
your girl superwoman and I don't know
how to date I know this is just a brown
thing because you know everything I was
supposed to learn about dating has been
replaced because I learned how to make
job but you know I'm not even that good
at that so just ask me sideways and call
me Sally I fail in the Department of
Life
did you know what I don't think it's a
brown thing it can't be a brown okay
because okay we must know something
about mingling I mean look at our
population even on the Simpson the pool
has a million kids and all he ever said
was thank you come again and she did Bow
Wow Wow
honestly it's just you need me as a
person I don't know how to date I hope
the fiddle sticks to do what to say I
don't know the rules like if dating was
a game of chess I try to collect free
parking okay first of all I might love
to Instagram during a date because I see
myself doing that so tell me about
yourself
uh-huh uh-huh shut up for a second okay
do it like low fire early-bird caption
my date looks like Kermit the Frog
hashtag Yolo hashtag burn hashtag please
turn into a prince you were saying is
that offensive is that wrong like what's
acceptable social media like am I
allowed to tweet about how to check in
am i let's check in with you should I
tag you are we at that level paying for
the bill or what's that mr. weatherman
there's a tornado of confusion coming
okay honestly I understand who I'm a man
Dominic the red the winner I'm a hustler
baby what do you think never but I
really don't think I'm down for a guy to
pay for all the days you ever go on you
know if you want to do the whole first
date thing you'd pay do your thing well
I don't get my guys make such a big deal
if occasionally a girl wants to pay for
a day it's like the second I pull out my
credit card they get neutered on the
spot like hello hi sweetheart are we on
a golf course right now you know oh no
we're not
oh okay so pick up your balls okay
before I Tiger Woods just sucks itself
would you hate Thor Oh
because if you respect me as a person
you'll let me pay some time it's not a
big deal
and if you want to refuse and go ahead
and continue just showing off your
wallet you know that's fine let's go
let's go
that's down all our five steaks right
now I'm a vegetarian I don't gives an F
and X will not be given it's a table a
bit wobbly make that six we'll shop one
under come on now I saying I'm a gold
digger but do big stupid my friend idiot
face okay and then dressing up for a day
honestly is there a manual for this how
do I pick an outfit that says hey look
I'm hot pay attention to me possibly
undressing me with your eyes but not too
hot so that seems like I'm desperate
lonely and sexually frustrated which I
may or may not be don't judge me
I'm gonna go watch in one direction now
easy easy please just take me to jail
take me to jail now honestly my first
date how packaged in my bra be how do I
find the balance between 13 year old boy
and porn star these are the mysteries of
life how do you know when you're
exclusively dating someone like is he
dating other people
should I be dating other people are we
both are we sure what's a date I don't
know a date what's a day wasn't it is
the only way to have that awkward
conversation where you like hey by the
way you don't like dating anyone else
right just because like I'm lost I
thought you know right and then he's all
like mine what you talking about I'm
dating four girls at the same damn time
same damn time
I'm standing too close to that dad wall
moving the mother up getting money
anybody back an emergency bag hangs and
money and honestly I don't like hurting
people's feelings I don't know how to
date and I won't know how to date until
real life is as easy as Facebook do you
like me like status date sometime
attending wall post happy face wall post
happy face some random in a club pokes
you block delete pepper spray there's a
pepper sprout Facebook read there should
be it is 4 a.m. and you wants to poke me
most importantly is everything you hear
true when you're dating you know ok if
you're not Drake and I let you will you
take care of me
somebody please teach me to dig teach me
how to date teach me teach me how to
date her buddy humping her body humping
so I feel oozes me let me know so we can
be failures together man your friends do
the rest dearly we could be like the
Care Bears except the lonely depressed
like the luminol version I will be
regret there I shouldn't have made this
video depression so comment below and
let me know what your sad lonely Care
Bear name would be and bikini ice cream
together forever yeah I'm making videos
every Monday and Thursday so make sure
you rate comment and subscribe because
y'all that's the nice thing to do I'll
see you later alligator check this check
is a rapist Gary oh my god I'm going to
show you something cool Bam Bam Bam Bam
see you later alligator can you see that
he's gonna tumble all here looking like
Leo Laura da Vinci but like the hands
just like just like friggin turning on
friggin shadow puppets all days one love
superwoman
seem so much longer
