where in the world is superwoman today a
throne goal which means my part of this
old while your line mister old while you
wait for me to get food you won't pay my
legal bill whatever it's a girl
superwoman and the other day my girl was
talking to me about this dude she liked
and then we proceeded to talk butter for
like 19 hours and in those 19 hours I
realized you this is rocket science
talking to your crush is so complicated
like Serena why don't they teach them
some cool but great yeah I know how to
make a paper mache volcano erupt but my
love life remains unexploded thanks
education you really pulled through for
your girls so that is nothing long
division but oh yeah I can divide the
number 2374 yet your legs remain
undivided don't piss me off zoomed in
Lily okay we don't even have that much
space in this old room so we're almost
the same person shut up
crushes first of all you overthink to
death when you text them right you're
like I wanna come on too strong but I
also don't want them to think I'm not
interested so it's like how do I be 2010
and 2016 version of Beyonce at the same
time he hasn't texted today well don't
text them first
honestly don't be so petty okay if you
want to text in just text them yeah use
a thirsty ho you got to make it seem
like you're busy and you don't have time
to waste but you don't want him to feel
like you're too good to think about him
well when's the last time you thought of
you check the time stamp girl he texted
first last time okay then you text first
this time what we all here keeping score
now
oh he texted we're wait you're just
gonna instantly reply like a parched
hole like your thirst is unquenchable
you have to make him wait a while I
don't care how much sure responsible and
woke I become as a person okay the
version of really that texted you back
will remain Peggy's that all you took
three minutes to reply to my text
message because you're at work okay yeah
will you'll hear from me next week okay
so what's up tweet what I get your
brother and that key your car what too
much too much Leary why everyone oh well
I date your brother and key your car
damn it
when the pettiness cannot even be edited
out when Final Cut cannot even remove
oh no for real this ain't a joke it
could be like our two year anniversary
and I'm still going to be like in the
old style according to our excel sheet I
think I had the first kids on this one
this one's on you oh don't forget your
uterus installed why is this video even
about I don't even know what's happening
what's Saturday awesome just kidding
okay don't think I'm a horrible person
I'm totally not like that
so then you start consistently talking
to your crush right things are going
well you're yours I might actually be on
the steady path towards a relationship
and tell what happens every sexy man on
the planet suddenly wants to notice you
sick but why do that when you're about
to be in a relationship or you're in a
relationship
suddenly you're a magnet for people just
like oh now that I'm potentially in a
relationship every sexy guy with a good
heart and a six-pack just going to hit
me up suddenly what's his fake broke up
with a girl suddenly the amount of my
new neighbor and he wants to borrow
somebody's sugar like where were you
when I was drinking and watching Netflix
alone two months ago you were gay or
taken that's where you were but now that
I'm texts too reactive with someone
you're going to come out of nowhere with
the text like hey long time no talk
check out my bloody face it's like God
is playing some sort of cosmic joke just
like okay let's make all those boys
available olive oils any you know
actually tonight I'm even feeling like a
solar eclipse something real beautiful
but let's make them all get special
glasses or else we'll go blind what do
you think you are okay and then there's
the absolute worst part about having a
crush or talking to someone that is that
moment where you're like wait are we
dating like I don't know the rules you
know what I mean like I don't know how
to tell if I'm dating someone and I
honestly feel like there's this time
period where no one knows and everyone's
just playing along and I'm just in this
awkward gray area where I'm like what is
this
am i Pinocchio did I get followed by
will like where am I just really got an
application like okay name yes
relationship status
it's complicated so I call this a
Facebook okay you at the doctor's office
is either in a relationship or not in a
relationship okay they're trying to
check your blood pressure not comment
understanding get it together
I just want to know are you flirting
with other people like are we exclusive
are we intrusive are we inclusive and my
rapper doesn't matter this is blabber
just chatter unrelated are we dating if
you plan I'm just saying tell me that's
all super a saying aka
super saying we're pretty sure reference
yeah you can go ahead and click
subscribe now you know I know it's not a
diss track or a reaction to a discharge
but I promise you'll survive
no for real but I don't know how to tell
if I'm dating someone can you comment
below and let me know because there's
been so many times in my life where I'm
like am I in a serious relationship with
this dude or does he just take me places
that's not a relationship
that's called an uber don't wait before
you go pay attention to all these
promotional things I'm saying cuz look
at all the hand motions and doing it how
animated I am which you should
definitely stay yo if you're not
subscribed make sure you subscribe to
our choreography videos and if you are
subscribed and makes you click the bell
to be notified when I upload does that
actually work I don't for you know
sometimes you to figure it out but hits
the bell anyways why not look how nice
it sounds okay go ahead yo hope you
enjoyed that video if you did give it a
thumbs up actually want to see how many
thumbs up I can jack and it's like I
just say that but maybe like it doesn't
have it do it one watch more videos like
this right over there my second dope
blog channel right over there make sure
you subscribe because I make new videos
every Monday and Thursday one love
superwoman that is a wrap end
