what everyone it's your girl superwoman
can you believe it summer's almost done
I've only worn shorts like three times
man in a week or so that's it zero gone
my legs are went back into hibernation
straight chia pet swag just subjective
jeah no seriously though I think I'm
gonna shave like maybe one more time you
know maybe go on a cute dress or
something one more time
everything I've nowhere to go though no
yeah I'll find an excuse oh hey I didn't
see you there and that's a wrap piece
Venis yours were my least favorite on
Sailor Moon just kidding I never watch
that show Tuxedo Mask gave me weird
feelings in my peepee ooh I ride along
when summers done you know what that
means it's back to school and although
I'm done school I vividly remember the
feeling of going back to school
especially high school I remember when I
saw the first back-to-school commercial
of the season I want to freakin Falcon
punch the TV well going back to school
shopping I would always buy the most
useless crap pens pencils erasers line
paper graph paper chart paper more paper
paper paper
welcome to the freaking cashier feeling
like Rick Ross mmm buying things I don't
even need three-hole punch to punch one
hole punch punch you do have art this
year no let's pick up some paint brushes
pencil crayons markers geometry set of
course I'm with a virgin on the first
day every year back to high school I
remember having my outfit planned weeks
in advance just effing laid out on my
bed matching shoes accessories for days
I mean even my underwear was iron so
crisply that if I picked my wedgie oh
good I've never left hair straightening
eyebrows did and then within one week I
realized that all the same douche bags
were laughter go to my school this year
I'm back to my Walmart trap pan huh Glee
stained t-shirt frizzy hair and unibrow
and from that point on unless Ryan
Gosling is my supply teacher yeah this
upper lip is staying over me and that
beautiful year when you go back to high
school and you have your license and you
beg your parents please mummy daddy let
me take the car to school it is like the
biggest deal in the world
rolling up in a car first day of school
friggin CDs specially burnt iPod newly
updated
it doesn't matter how cold it is the
windows our dad you got 15 of your
friends in the battle game you barely
even know how to drive you just cruising
cruising first days group fools
what was that okay was either a speed
bump or a human okay either way doesn't
matter keep on cruising right you're
okay my wipers are on don't know how to
turn the look and pull over okay that
was a cat no problem moving in park okay
oh and your bumper balls off but does it
matter cuz you pulled up to school in a
car use that bounce you're just like
Bowser you're just like it all these
pretty memorials and the wages are at
the bus stop like suckers like oh you're
gonna get that princess peaches and
cream in no time son
but then one week later when you got
grounded and your parents take your car
away your boo is gonna go ghost whatup
Nintendo reference dust on my shoulders
guy on that note high school can be a
very cruel place I mean people can
backstab you people can start rumors
about you people can run over your cat
in the parking lot you know anything can
happen but hear me when I say there is
no bigger offense then failing to
decorate your friend's locker on their
birthday can I get a amen
something's up me something Church that
is the biggest slap in the face if you
go to school on your birthday and your
locker is not decorated go home go home
now open your laptop Facebook and just
block and delete block and delete just
block and delete Straker's baby you
ain't got no friends decorating
someone's Locker is the true test of
friendship and I don't mean decorate
someone's locker with one piece of FM
streamer no no I want some effort put in
that age I want by Walker to look like a
lady Gaga costume exploded on to it I
want to tell the wine to me I want
people to stop on their way to the
washing we'd be like god damn that's a
fine Locker freakin clothes their
iPhones Instagram hashtag hy Akbar don't
mess around and how could I forget high
school talent shows I can honestly say
till this day there has not been a more
stressful important and serious event in
my life that
International Knight high school talent
show it's like the Olympics with overly
dramatic you think it's a game of ever
and risk the way people are talking
about each other did you shoot the
town's urban garden the tunnels are
doing gone okay this happen better than
them
talent show performances are
make-or-break life-or-death situations
they shape you for the rest of your life
so give this a okay listen don't forget
to spin you always forget to spin I
swear to god forget to spin I'm never
talking to you again don't forget to
smile you guys we have to be the best
okay India's counting on us
hey sweetheart really you're gonna do
the same eight count to all of XI look
use your knee like I don't lose any
matters but honestly from group
presentations with people that you just
don't like taking advantage of supply
teachers and skipping class and then
running home to answer the phone when
your teacher calls that's high school
and it's an awesome experience but
remember that school can be both fun and
rewarding so while you're having all
that fun don't forget to balance it out
and work on it for all of you that are
going back to school superhuman wishes
you all the best I hope you have a blast
work hard be safe have fun and they make
lots of memories and hey I want to know
you're going back to school comment
below let me know the name of your
school and hey I might just give it a
shout-out just a little on Twitter on
Facebook who knows I don't know don't
forget to rate comment and subscribe
because I do make new videos every
Monday 3rd it's a lot button right there
just click it just click it I frigging
wore a dress for you ok I have an
awesome dating you want that's a wrap
one love superwoman out and sign so much
complication complication quicker
kourin oh ok I'm done No ok hey sexy
such a girl superwoman here this is more
of my face you like it like that face so
I'm to let you know that I do have a
vlog channel which is my second channel
if you click on right there that little
well-edited little little thing I've
done over here little shindig if you
will over there you can see more of me I
make vlogs like every day every other
day whenever I feel like Willy just of
my day and ran
thoughts and stuff so if you want to
have a sexy party to click right there
my friend okay not boom
