what up is she boring humble the poet
humble I'm small age what's going on
it's your boy humble the poet as you may
or may not have heard yesterday morning
early in the morning a super woman aka
Lily's MacBook was stolen while she was
at York University rehearsing a dance
for one of her friends weddings more so
than just losing a computer she lost all
her footage for all future videos
needless to say she's a little bit down
a little bit sad panda because of what
happened I can relate to what happened
to her beginning of this year I suffered
some major losses in terms of people in
my life some financial setbacks as well
what helped me get through it was my
team who believed me music team
everybody on the squad all my friends
but they all kind of picked up the load
today's Thursday Lily should be coming
out with a new video today and she
doesn't have anything to make a video
with so who else can we turn to to make
that video happen a team superwoman oh
no how she does that shine
hey Roman
yo surprise surprise Lily face it going
hey suburban hey superwoman hey sis
along with pace of woman hey super oh
man
what up superwoman case of women hello
sue
what up some woman's making this video
right next to my sleeping husband there
is so ever dream that books been stolen
but don't worry about it I'm sure you'll
make it through stay positive keep your
head up keep doing what you're doing and
keep doing what you love and I just
wanted to say about your videos alright
the best they make me laugh they make me
get through my hard days absolutely love
you and I believe in everything you
stand for it I love how you're always so
positive and happy in your videos your
videos are so quirky and hilarious and
your office might be laughs you're
honest you're funny and you're nice so
keep it up I really started here
russian-backed book maybe you can solve
some Thunder buddies to buy a new one
I'm in my Twitter account for you your
videos always mentioned put a big happy
smile on my face and you're that older
sister that I've always wanted in my
life and I have you even though you're
not here physically I know you're here
mentally and I want to say thank you
your fans are always here if you are
always going to support you because
you're truly a great inspiration we both
love you and make amazing videos
fantastic pretty also stay the way you
are I don't want you to change because I
am Who I am today because of you so
thank you thank you for always making us
laugh I love you see the woman your job
and I've already seen your videos helped
me so much with all these crazy things
and going through living in a crazy
Brown Punjabi joint family
you've got swag you mean the world to us
you know one of the best youtube uploads
in the world coming up I love your
videos keep them coming from the Chicago
Chicago - girl Jasmine from New Zealand
and I just want to say that I love you
so much
I've tried I get uni always they're
really very shy just want to see your
awesome life i watch your videos all the
time when I'm upset and I could always
count on you for putting a smile on my
face
so I hope you can count on me for
putting one on yours and I love you in
your hilarious can expect
delete mustn't a notary Macbook me Emily
don't worry use the summertime so feel
little chilly
voila we love you stay strong we love
you good luck peace one love without
here without hey I love you
