25 years old and still scared a little
Thunder know what not have you ever
found yourself in that situation
waiting for your Thunder buddy to show
up and then you realize you're a loner
that has commitment and trust issues and
you'll never have a Thunder buddy
hi I'm Troy McClure you may remember me
from other YouTube videos such as stuff
when W mothers say and why I can't get
married I'm here today to tell you about
a revolutionary product that will change
your life
introducing the Thunder buddy 1000 your
personal fully customizable Thunder
buddy and best friend during those
stormy nights the Thunder buddy 1000 has
1000 settings to satisfy your every need
when the sound of thunder don't you get
too scared
just grab your Thunder buddy and say
these magic words as you Thunder you can
stop my eyes and you can't get me
uh kitchen just got spark God's far far
far far far far far far order right now
and we'll throw in the special edition
Thunder hubby for your miss teeny bopper
and I was like scary scary scary now
hold you when the Lightning shows you're
terrified don't know what for you care
Thunder I come running through the duh
the world's best engineers a program
Thunder buddy 1002 not only help you
join those terrifying storms but to help
you through various stressful situations
hanji okay okay Lily to Tiago yeah one
Donna Gary stay for our what mom or
whatever what not Thunder buddy if your
parents tell you that you must tie the
knot just grab your Thunder buddy and
let them know these thoughts you can
pressure me but just hear out my plan
tonight I'm going to run away and marry
a white man hey Thunder buddy
listen baby um I think we should start
seeing other people oh my god you're
breaking up with me oh my god this is
the worst day of my life such a
douchebag all guys are the same Thunder
buddy you look crazy stupid psychopathic
I can't stand you I've been sleeping
with your sister and I be in your
shampoo thanks Thunder bunny with over
100 built-in languages you're sure to be
protected in every country
yo V - Fernanda two-seater una applicati
Dawson on a Hogan ago a little 800 you
can suck my candy Narvel from Elaine
Engle is born clatter nothing wrong with
me rule Dwight far away actually a blood
type is the Thunder buddy has been
changing lives across the world check
out what these real people have to say
about their new best friend what to do
is your boy Drizzy Drake man I used to
be up all night whole crews in
but not Kampala sleep just fine thanks
to the funny buddy do is your boy using
my wine see the young when I lay there
you talking about Thunder buddy is like
thunder but if a they hear me choose a
green man Weezy F baby the f is for son
all day Metellus under begging I love
skirts skirt maybe yeah it used to be
wide awake but I can sleep now thanks to
Thunder buddy
I created the Thunder buddy one day when
there was a terrible storm outside I did
what any lonely scared woman would do I
put on some lingerie and I waited for
Thor he had come he didn't come you
don't deserve to cry you don't deserve
to be scared help is here for just seven
easy payments of one hundred and forty
three dollars you can own this best
friend today if you call right now we'll
even throw a little bond to guard a ton
everybody deal on Adia got my color okay
so I need to show you the bruises I got
if you don't like disgusting things you
don't want to watch it but if you see
the bruises all over my body yeah
they're hella disgusting so if you want
to watch them brace yourself are you
ready to figure ready
