what if everyone is your girl Superman
hi how you doing hi dude now I know I
say this time and time again but I'm
gonna say it again if you know anything
about me you seen any of my other videos
you know that I likes to keep it real
yes I'm still sick I feel like there's
so much going on in the world right now
and there's so much on my mind and I
think you can relate to me so let's be
cousins so welcome to five minutes of
real talk yeah yeah now it's real secret
that recently there's been a rise of gun
violence especially in my hometown of
Toronto there's been so many shootings
over the past weekend and obviously the
big story right now is the Batman movie
premiere shooting that took place in
Colorado now I don't want to get too
much into it because it is a sensitive
topic but there's some things that need
to be said
in both Canada and America it is legal
to own firearms and correct me if I'm
wrong in America it's even legal to
publicly be armed how much sense does it
make to say it's legal for you to have a
gun but just please don't shoot anyone
because then it's illegal stop wait wait
wait shh I know the common argument is
that guns are a form of protection but
I'm sorry don't we invade several
countries based on the opposite of that
logic because I can think of many
countries that have been invaded because
they were just protecting themselves if
guns were illegal there would be less
people that you would have to protect
yourself from that had guns less guns in
general means less people need a gun
direct direct correlation no Wi-Fi just
direct and some people also argue that
either white people will illegally
access guns so there's no point of
making them illegal true that true that
that must mean weed is legal oh now hold
up wait a minute let me put some up in
it we need to crack down on those
druggies who get high in their basements
and harm nobody oh yeah and Firearms
just make those open to the public
we illegal gay marriage illegal crossing
the effing street not in a crosswalk
illegal owning a shotgun that can end
people's lives oh wait sorry Swanson
okay uh-huh
background check down here you go we
trust your judgment look around there's
no reason guns should be legal that's
real talk but at the end of the day guns
bombs knives don't kill people people
kill people because they use stronger
weapons like greed power oh and the best
one religion remember one religion used
to be a beautiful thing the day our holy
scriptures work
created when Jesus gave his life the day
Guru Gobind Singh ji graced us with an
everlasting Guru the day the
bhagavad-gita was created the beautiful
first days of Ramadan and thousands of
other important milestones and thousands
of other religions but today today look
at what religion has become we're too
busy argue of the nitty-gritty of
religion and we're forgetting the
overall message equality
compassion forgiveness reciting the name
strength sacrifice forget all that
instead let's just argue about how
someone ties their turban
oh my god you'll look at that random
stranger over there we don't even know
who's drinking
let's go judge him you my friend are a
religious leader the sad reality is the
only time we want to be religious is
when we want to talk crap on Facebook
and Twitter stop using religion as a
weapon it's not a weapon it's a journey
it's a pathway that people will follow
at their own pace in their own life and
if you believe in the power of God so
much then you don't need to go around
being the religion police for all of you
who do like to use religion to attack
other people here's a question for you
how many good deeds did you do today in
the name of God or are you too busy
being religious under kyla powers this
video hmmm that's real talk
lastly I'm going to end on a positive
note because you know me I like good
feelings and sunshine and Happiness on
another unrelated topic McDonald's gets
yourself a vegetarian happy meal
no but real real talk if these tragedies
can teach us anything it is that every
moment is a blessing you know I see
people stressing all the time about this
about that and what problems in their
life and I'm here to just keep it real
and say your problems are so important
but really they're not important at all
and let me explain something might be
bothering you right now and that's
totally cool it is important in your
life no one else understand it that's
fine but baby look around life is
waiting for you to live it so go ahead
smile be happy make a new friend take a
trip
treat yourself get up randomly dance
right now so be happy because I promise
you as important as your problems are
they are not nearly as important as all
the good things you got going on and
that is real talk
and hey like always if you agree with
this video click the link in the
description to share it it's right there
click click it like it's hot
and if you like my face and what it does
click subscribe because I make new
videos every Monday and Thursday and I
promise on Thursday shimmer's it up
please be safe god bless be happy and
don't forget to think critically and
keep it real that's a wrap like always
one love one love you all
