what up everyone it's your girl
superwoman hey so clearly I'm sick as a
dog and I was really time to just not
even do a video today but then I'm like
that wouldn't be me keeping my word
that's not swag because they in this
world I only have two things my word
Emma hi so I thought I'd just do a quick
little video to the best of my ability
about why I hate being sick comments
I hate pre sickness you know before you
actually get sick the day before you
feel a little tingle in your throat it's
like all the germs are gathering up and
they have little swords and they're
sitting just right there waiting to f
your ish yeah I hate that feeling and I
can imagine that the germs look
something like this
you know and then the next morning when
you actually are sick and you wake up OH
mornings are the worst when you're sick
it literally feels like there's a layer
of glue just on your face because your
eyes are shot your nose is plugged your
lips feel disgusting and you wake up
like and like opening up your eyelids
becomes an extreme sport you I booked
her is you and just wake up feeling all
slimy and disgusting it's like you just
been born into the matrix except in
Reverse because now you have to start
taking the pills
okay good joke I hate when my nose is
plugging I can't breathe because
throughout the day when I'm doing things
I have to take breaks just to breathe
through my mouth I look so stupid for
example brushing my teeth eating
and sometimes I'll just be sitting there
making the stupidest face and then when
you're sick no matter what you have a
common cold a flu a fever whatever I
want that go to the doctor's got the
doctor and even though I'm probably
related to every doctor out there I hate
the doctors my doctor is such an effing
jerkface he thinks nothing's ever wrong
with me I can literally walk in and be
like doctor I'm like spitting balls of
fire please help me I'm dying he be like
oh we had just go save the princess he
doesn't care hi hello appointments why
do you exist why are you here because my
appointments I want to clock but when I
get down one o'clock
I'm never wait until 2:30 to see the
doctor but if I get to my appointment at
2:30 I'm late for my appointment
you want to take this outside I'll be
sitting there forever that small little
waiting room you know 50 crying sick
kids and like people coughing in 30 old
magazines and I'm just sitting there
like and don't even get me started on
when I'm sick and then I get my period
yeah fellas just deal deal like I was
already feeling crappy and then on top
of that you want to start shedding
uterus oh you want to start shedding
like a mother effing dog you ain't
girl's best friend like my nose is
writing I'm sweating because I have a
fever you're doing your itch down there
like how much stuff is coming out of me
I might as well just be an attraction on
wild water Kingdom is that getting hit
by a car
you know you survive you're okay you're
in the ambulance and then a truck runs
over the ambulance and then the home
remedies that people tell you effing
ginger F in salt water F in honey F in
two shots of brandy bro
I'm ready get drunk or two shots of
brandy so not only will I still be sick
tomorrow I'll have hangover so the
question of the video for you is what
who memories of people told you to do
when you're sick
comment below and let me know what crazy
things people tell you to do also I know
a lot of people are sick right now are
you sick right now I'm hopefully not
sick right now if you're sick I hope you
feel better I'm sorry if this video was
short okay I tried my best but you know
what else is short boom balloon buzz and
they make candy so I behaved this video
really much thing is you hate candy what
a perfect correlation
lastly I'm sexy and I know it I'm sexy
and I know it fellas fellas please calm
your pinkies I know one day if you liked
this video make sure you click the link
in the description to share it
make sure you rate comment and subscribe
because I do make new videos every
Monday Thursday even if I'm dying of
sickness oh and also but I also have
like tomorrow morning to Washington DC
so my Washington DC people I will see
you very shortly
whatup White House okay then bye
hey ese you got the goods man you got
the goods hope we can still be friends
ah
