what everyone it's your girl superwoman
how's it going muffin tops I'm having a
good day I hope you're having a good day
so I get a lot of emails for example are
you dating Arjun are you dating a K I
think you should date a K I already
emailed a K about you dating him why do
that black
I heard you married too humble do you
love Bragg man thanks is that a wig my
friend and I think you should marry
inquisitive can you hunt Bilal Abby's
leg let's just make this easy to all of
them yes but sometimes I get emails that
have some good substance to them and I
got a lot of email saying please make a
video about homosexuality so here it is
let me start off by saying people are
gay if homosexuality was in a briefcase
and you are on a game show
don't pick that one because it's not
gonna be a big deal I personally don't
understand why it's such a big fuss
about who other people like I mean why
would you possibly care about who
someone else wants to be with when two
gay people are together and living
happily here's a list of the people who
asked for your opinion Oh
attention homophobic people are you so
insecure that you need to evaluate
someone else's relationships like you
can feel right better and more powerful
yeah do you feel like a power ranger now
by the way red ranger gay there's other
ways to feel better about yourself do
p90x take a nap in vacation watch a
Disney movie just not Lion King not
liking for little princess don't do this
to me dude you don't do this to me now
forgive me for bringing up Indian
culture but naturally that's what I'm
most familiar with so I think that I
need to call us all out I don't need to
generalize the Indians for the most part
you are ignorant as f when it comes to
homosexuality and my question is how do
you have the right to be so ignorant and
macho I mean hi have you seen our movies
our thick Russian spans are tighter than
mine this is what we find manly did you
Jin Jin Jin didn't engine we sing and
dance and fields wearing your own colors
we aren't even allowed to speak to the
opposite sex until we meet them for the
first time on our wedding day do it in
your hold hands all the time and really
you want to start acting all macho and
tough guys gay you're a guy so gay oh my
god yo you want watch Kahuna Hogan
I work in the in Paris listen to me
don't ignore my hat you know this is
listen to me okay
uncle Andy if your kid is gay I know
that's a hard thing to digest okay but
you know what in this day and age your
kid could be many other things it can be
a criminal they can be a druggie they
could be an effing zombie so if your kid
is gay be proud and the courage to come
out and tell you that because they know
the hardships associated with that it
makes me so sad to get emails from so
many people saying you know I'm Indian
and I'm gay and my parents would kill me
they'd disown me wake up I mean if you
don't want to accept your kids for who
they are that you should have never had
kids in the first place kids don't work
like this
you don't have an effin scantron during
labor like okay John brown eyes good
yeah dr. hunt after fair-skinned wanna
try that chocolate good at math spelling
on dirty
okay good ha please please no gay it
doesn't work like that I mean I know
you're used to bargaining for things but
humans are not products it's not like
when you get twins buy one get the
second please okay I'm gonna say
something in a super real and a super
honest and it's super blunt so if it
offends you are really super sorry um
for all those dudes that are super macho
not to generalize if you're one of those
do they're super macho you like to make
fun of gay guys and you know that's just
who you are you know people like this
let me break this down for you get have
you ever gone to a club and seen a gay
guy grinding with a superhot girl yeah I
have yeah in fact if you follow Kingsley
on Instagram he's always with hot girls
and you might think that's because Oh
cuz their girlfriends and other girls no
no no no that because girls are
attracted to confidence and I can assure
you that a gay guy is ten times more
confident than someone needs to tease a
gay guy so hey you can call mocha
changing would he be getting that
vajayjay if you wanted to yeah I'm gonna
be real there's so many guys out there
that depress me because they're gay
because I want them for myself and I
want to have babies for them I wish I
was a spatula and just for one day who
school look how you doing cuz a lot of
gay guys are super hot hi Ricky Martin
how are you living to be that up sorry
my pennies just dropped I get he knows
from girls all the time saying they're
attracted to me they go lesbian for me
and you know what I'm frickin flattered
have you ever been to a pride parade
break-in so much fun I don't mean to you
know generalize make one who people see
better than the other but gay people are
so much fun
Ellen DeGeneres effing boss Lance from
thank ya we all know we had a crush on
him Kingsley effin orgasmic or humanity
man who hates gay people what time is it
I'll check on your DNG watch okay who no
your wrist is gay no Neil Patrick Harris
such a pimp Adam Lambert friggin hottie
I think I threw my point lastly the word
gay means homosexual don't be stupid
you're gonna come up to me and say your
shoes are my gay oh I'm sorry are you
implying that my shoe has sexual
intercourse with the shoe of the same
sex if you are implying that then please
never speak again
stop using the word gay for everything
lose your damn brain and now I do need
to throw this disclaimer here this is
just my personal opinion to each their
own or not here to tell you what to
think I have no right to do that all I'm
saying is that I believe that people can
have their own religion own cult your
own beliefs granted you have every right
to but that's about your life I don't
think it's right for people to think
they have the right to tell other people
how to live their life to each their own
men so if you agree or disagree with me
totally cool if you do agree with me
click the link in the description to
share this video if I offended you I'm
sorry here's a rainbow double rainbow
and yeah that's a wrap sorry if that
wasn't funny actually no no I'm not
sorry if it wasn't funny because it was
real and positive and that's what I'm
about real positivity so if you like
that like my face like my words and
stuff click subscribe because I make new
videos every Monday and Thursday Hey
real and positive that's how I roll yeah
I also do awkward things like this all
right
the bottom here
