what I'm going to grow Superman I'm so
sorry I know this video is late yes my
videos are usually late but don't go
please please please go ahead
insert stereotypical ground lake joke
here you're really nice watch yours a
set today C standard Daniel your Lily
you're so late I hope your tears to suck
your you'd set bombs to infinity your
Lily give me a patio
no I never mind your parents ba ba f ba
okay this is what happened I was writing
my video idea and then I fell asleep
it's not my fault the people who are
doing renovations on my house wake me up
every morning at 8 a.m. with the rills
hammers and for music you want to see
by
and now an interpretive dance
no no
thank you thank you thank you thank you
let's get into the video now shall we so
a lot of people asked me to do a video
on interracial dating and marriage they
want to know my opinion on it and here's
my answer
I love Oreo cookies I love Indian
Chinese food I love Bob Marley and if I
ever met up when JEB the Italian Mix guy
my ovaries rates low
I personally have no problem with
interracial dating you know I don't find
anything wrong with it that's not to say
that if you disagree with me you're
wrong you're just different that's cool
but I just I just don't understand you
or why you would have a problem with
that like you might as well be calculus
cuz I'm just looking at your no lecturer
okay first of all have you seen
mixed-race babies those babies are
effing beautiful those are the kids
those are the babies that make it onto
Huggies commercials I mean culture and
race is beautiful what's better than
fusing two together I wish I was mixed
race I mean on Friday I'd be and then on
Saturday I'd be on Sunday morning I'd be
friggin using Shikha on one hand and
doing origami in the other we place too
many restrictions on relationships and
parents are like no you need to make it
fun jumpy who has a turban who's from a
good family from a high class from the
right side of the river on Punjab with
this many cows like bro it's hard enough
to find a guy that doesn't have STDs
doesn't have a criminal record has a
degree and isn't a complete whore and
fellas this applies to girls as well
please don't feel attacked
this isn't sparta or is it yeah I mean
yeah there's some cultural differences
white people hold it okay in their hands
you're liking people have a bouquet in
their hair Indian people put a bouquet
around their neck white people do the
chicken dance
black people Dougie Asians breakdance
chill Rankin's pelvic thrusts and
Indians do the nail gun deep but in the
end we all look stupid except for the
Asians search is really friggin good at
everything is that racist it might be
but the good county races sure I mean in
the end we can all get along think about
this picture this Kodak moment a brown
guy marries a white girl spill some wine
on your wedding dress and bam cultural
connections get their suit their
baguette baguette
boom Shakalaka live happily ever after
I mean yes I understand races report but
it's not more important than loving
someone and being compatible with them
for example so you have an Indian
MacBook Air and then you have an Indian
windows95 it doesn't mean they're gonna
be compatible with each other because
Windows has older views whereas the
MacBook Singh in a penthouse suite
what up word please see what I did there
the words are just sitting right there
it's right there and I'm like yes see
now obviously it'd be nice to be with
someone who understands my cultural
traditions but I'm not gonna not be with
someone just because they're of a
different race because that's just black
sauce and I know for some cultures this
is totally unheard of I'm pretty sure if
I type into Google interracial dating
Indians
Google's gonna apply with the lol here's
a list of local shelters and it is so
dumb think of the poor Punjabi Sikh
teenage girls you probably have to hide
pictures of Zayn Malik underneath their
bed and if daddy finds that is gonna
whoop you on type of direction
bring but Direction one love people but
honestly this is my opinion please don't
go effing date Rick Ross and then tell
mommy daddy I told you do that boom
if you agree with what I'm saying click
the links in the description to share
this video and if that doesn't make you
share then you'll share it if you love
Zayn Malik but up internet trolling and
I know I said I'd make ash marshmallow
but hey I'm not the only one that's late
cuz I just got fifty billion more more
pictures that just have to be included
and cannot be excluded and you guys just
sent them so I'm gonna do that in the
next video i pinky promise I promise
next video more sugar up and don't
forget I make new videos every Monday
and Thursday don't forget to rate
comment and shinsen your own chunks huh
peace out my good point devar and susta
karna masta Qaddafi's adios ciao au
revoir insert different languages here
hand cutting for amateurs Chung Hong
Kong I kind of make that my ringtone
anyone knows what that song is called
please let me know pretty loving Oh
don't you buy me time
