what if everyone at your girl superwoman
just chilling in my pajamas my hair not
done why because that keeps it real and
I'm lazy now I had the point of my life
for everyone that I know is getting
married
my friends cousins people from high
school some of them even have kids I
feel like everyone else is progressing
in life and I'm like the Pillsbury
Doughboy on a water slide I ain't going
anywhere I stay on Facebook creeping
peoples wedding I stay on Facebook
creeping people's wedding pictures and
they look so happy so dressed up on
vacation so cute with kids and I'm just
sitting there like SH MA sure now it's
no secret that a certain age brown girls
and boys get pressured into getting
married and I am no exception to this so
this video is dedicated to my parents my
aunt's my uncles and anyone else I want
to tell me to get married because on
behalf of everyone just like me I'm
still a kid I'm not ready to get married
so here without further ado are the
reasons I can't get married I spend all
my time watching Family Channel slash
Disney Channel like my closet for
reality is Hannah Montana so if that
limos out front it better be going to
the movies and not to our wedding okay
thanks I have no idea how to cook Indian
food the last time I made roti which was
like years ago it turned out so hard
that it's now Thor's hammer my version
of cooking is like macaroni and cheese
with the juice box and even still I
overcooked that sometimes I still
secretly believe no no I know that one
day the wok and I are gonna fall in love
and then we're gonna have a honeymoon
that that's Smackdown hotel like I still
have so many things to achieve in life
like I haven't even hit a million in
Temple Run yet like I have priorities I
have a hard enough time playing two
videos a week I'm not down to plan a 14
day wedding that's gonna cost me
$800,000 let's just be real I'm a
youtuber and you know if you marry me
then you marry my mom you marry my dad
and you marry my
rather than endure so on our honeymoon
if it's a Monday or Thursday you're not
what's gonna show up Sh'ma I feel like
when you're getting married part of the
marriage license is giving an F about
gardening right there and fine print
till death do us part forever buying
fertilizer together and I don't care
about gardening I don't care if my
backyards full of week I love it call me
snoop dog and listen I'm gonna dancer
okay anytime I do door with my daughter
partner I'm gonna be emotionally
cheating on Madison I like to sleep
right in the middle of my bed I haven't
made enough stupid mistakes in life yet
to stop doing stupid things yeah
wedding mehndi won't look good with my
wrist tattoos I sleep in every single
day do I really look like someone who's
about to wake up at 5:00 a.m. for a
wedding ceremony it's gonna start four
hours late anyways anytime I want to do
something for example buy a doll my mom
says no you're not allowed to buy a dog
for as long as you live in this house
when you get married do what you want
um that's stupid when I get married why
would I want to dogs and that if my
husband doesn't like dogs it doesn't
want a dog great I've spent a hundred
thousand dollars getting married and now
I need to spend thousands of more
getting a divorce mom really I'm trying
to save you money I don't think I could
take wedding related ceremony seriously
like in the indian culture is one
ceremony where they rub yellow sticky
stuff all over your body like I'm
getting married not moving to
Springfield
what up Simpsons reference someone bling
my dog bed and the middle of my video
thank you thank you
gosh don't you what if I want to band
then we start playing volleyball I can't
do that if afterward these for 40 some
odd days after rooting my sway groceries
frickin shower friggin bog mark imagine
trying to Doug you with this mmm teach
me how you just done it work I'm not
down to let some other dance to perform
at my wedding I mean I'm gonna have to
perform at my own wedding and that's
gonna be hard in my 60-pound outfit I
mean with technology these days is
really necessary yet married I mean
play like an intimate game withdraw
something I enjoy first with other
youtubers way too much hitting on humble
the poet okay Arjuna etc etc may Bobby I
refuse to get married unless not my bow
I am NOT one of those Mary Richy girls I
need to be able to stand on my own two
feet so let's not have an awesomesauce
career or somehow possibly win the
lottery it ain't happening
so Anton I can support myself get Laos
rig towels
Rick Rao's dental flops I'm a rapper I
really enjoy catchphrases and I would
like to be able to stay forever alone I
can't get murdered because I have high
expectations don't tell me I'm being
unrealistic if the Avengers can do it
then you're just making excuses I
thoroughly enjoy being a bitter jerk on
Valentine's Day and I don't even like
chocolate so it works well this is
serious
I refuse to change my last name because
then I can no longer say yo yo Lilly
Singh if I get married then people will
think there's a Superman and I I don't
want to be the reason people believe in
a fictional character I only have one
n64 controller left I'll never be able
to use the two condign for 399 coupon
for McDonald's with my husband I'm a
vegetarian anyways this is my creative
way of telling you guys that I'm getting
married if you believe that smack
yourself the only thing I'm marrying is
you every Monday and Thursday
so click on that subscribe button if you
agree with this video click the link in
the description to share it sharing is
good beats getting married I'm just
kidding honestly congratulations
everyone that's getting married and if
you're married and the audio out a
political correct statement here insert
but wait someone on Twitter had a super
awesome idea now you guys seem to like
the way I say something me and my
friends did actually one of my friends
coined that term oh we're playing pool
with a K playing biplane
I mean beating beating I said I didn't
lose okay
what does shimmer mean everything and
anything what up man hello sure I'm
getting married
shimmer if you have too many Smirnoff's
and then you get like smashed and then
you're just like smile tweet me a
picture of your Smurf face with the
hashtag twit picture from her face very
simple in my next video we'll take all
your pictures and make a mashup or a
smash-up make sure you rate comment and
subscribe and don't forget I'm yourself
a lovely day evening
afternoon morning wherever you are
whatever you does have lovely one as it
doesn't I just want to say genuinely
from the bottom of my heart I do
appreciate you taking the time out to
watch my videos what you are awesome
that's a wrap one love superwoman I will
see you on Monday
Oh
