whatever with your girl superwoman and
what a wonderful day today's a beautiful
day like every other day you're with
videos where Dalmatians I would have 101
oh snap I hit a milestone I hit a
milestone that before you watch this
rant I must warn you if you want your
parents to ever let you go to an
all-ages jam party club event etc do not
show them this video so stop right now
if your mummy or daddy is beside you
suss Tegel namaste not good office Salam
alaikum what a previous video correction
hello I'm the uncle if your kid has ever
been to an all-ages jam please proceed
to take your juicy a jumpin off now to
hit the net because I'm going to tell
you bad things now I know where you're
from which part of the world you're from
but you probably have all aged events
with parties club events jams whatever
you want to call it that are all ages so
you don't have to be 18 19 whatever the
ages to get it so few years ago I took
some of my younger friends to an
all-ages gem and it was called like
booty pop or like bump and grind or
shake and drop or something F in
horrendous like that I am still mentally
and emotionally scarred from the events
that took place that night I would
rather go to a hall party with an open
bar with people from only Brampton and
South Hall in which the dress code is no
deodorant
instead of ever go to an all-ages jam
again in my life no don't get me wrong
there's a lot of all agents that are
really cute like the formals and the -
things like that would have more power
to you but these like club rave events
yeah hold my hair for a second really so
I'm standing outside waiting to get into
this orgy fest and I'm thinking what did
everyday see kid tell their parents
parents wake the F up the library is not
open till 2:00 a.m. in the morning the
only math that just brief a number are
doing our bump + grind equal WPP action
develop EP action and as I'm thinking
this I see some white kids pull up with
their parents and I'm thinking okay new
parenting tactics for the white people
you know they don't want their kids to
lie to them so they're being open you
want to go I will take you I will drop
you off maybe then they won't lie to
their parents you know I don't know
I don't have kids I'm still a kid so I'm
like yeah more power to you white
parents and then I see his daughter step
out of the car in a bikini I kid you not
wearing underwear and a bad note if you
don't know what a bandeau is it's a
piece of cloth that goes like this so
this plus underwear and then she steps
on she's all like bye daddy and then her
dad is all like bye sweetheart let me
know when you need a ride home okay
sugar plum and then she's all like
thanks daddy you're the best have fun at
Nana's and then he's all like of course
pumpkin I'll save you some shepherd's
pie
and I'm standing there like sh woo okay
hi let's evaluate the situation you just
dropped off your 14-year old naked
daughter to an event at a club in
downtown Toronto there's clearly a line
of perverted boys that are look at my
unicorns over there
via magic there's a drug deal going on
over there someone's getting arrested
over there and you saw no problems with
this like I'm surprised you didn't give
her 20 bucks plus a box of condoms like
what kind of father are you have you
lost your mind first you want to do
stuff like that and then you want to
complain when your daughter goes crazy
and no time you'll be shooting your
daughter's laptop in a field
what up the viral video reference what
if friends like what do you think she's
gonna do in there she's gonna pin the
tail on something alright it's not gonna
be a donkey what does that even mean
I don't know but it's provocative no it
isn't yeah he's it gets the people going
ding ding ding ding ding ding ding ding
forget frenzy okay so I finally walk
into the club and I swear to God it
feels like I just walked into a really
bad porno featuring the Rugrats I mean
Tommy Angelica over there humping each
other Chuckie has some girl bent over
ding ding ding ding ding ding my mom
just walked in while I was doing that by
the way hi mom
I know you're so proud of me I mean kids
you are 14 15 16 years of age how are
you that sexually active when I was that
age I was concerned with saving Princess
Peach not peaches in green and I use the
joystick on the controller muffed the
one on Mario I mean kids I know you're
used to pressing down and getting in
that tunnel but this is real life you
can't be doing that those consequences
first time I ever went to an all-ages
jam I think I was like 16 and some
cousins took me I
where to God I think I saw more of my
uncle's at that Jam than any family
party I've ever been to Brown kids don't
ever think you can sneak out of your
house and go to an all-ages jams because
either the promoter is your cousin or
don't Nyong'o is gonna be there hitting
on all the white girls and can you
imagine the awkwardness of that
situation hey hey hey Oh sassy girl ji
hun ji hun GT Catoosa get the honey mama
tiga and you buzz scratching buzz
bumping right nigger DC slaw and of
every race there will be old uncle's at
the club and they are so awkward they
are whore and this and it's like they
don't even think anything's awkward
about the situation they feel they fit
right in it's like no one's noticing
their saggy boobs yes I'm talking about
uncles they had this weird thing where
they make direct eye contact with the
girl for trying to hit on her so try to
hypnotize you into being down for uncles
uncle transformation do the pedophile
on top of that I feel like kids act how
they think they're supposed to act in a
club like there's no alcohol this party
there's just overpriced water bottles so
what exactly are you drunk of like
you're getting high off Lucky Charms
just like you'll Lucky Charms cereal
swag Sun straight leprechaun swag yo you
you so hot and got gold in your nose son
swag sniffing the marshmallows that was
awkward for the both of us I mean it's
disgusting every kid is making out
everyone is so sweaty because their
hormones inside are doing sprints must
bank must bump and grind and it smells
like absolute butthole it's all I want
to say is kids act your age don't think
that these nasty grimy clubs are what
real clubs are actually like they're
slightly less disgusting than that and
just be safe and have a good time just
be happy and don't worry about it if
anyone got grounded because of this
video I'm really sorry but you know what
serves you right and hey that's a wrap
as promised Project positive results
will be up to date click right there to
check the results and see what's wanting
and the results and the cool stuff from
Project positive my content if its
upcoming souvent links not there yet
it's because the video is probably
uploading right now but don't worry that
will be up tonight so I don't know what
with what that meant but so oh really
way today and every day don't forget to
hit that subscribe button because I make
new videos every Monday and Thursday and
hey if you liked the video please share
because this is my job and I don't want
to be homeless also the right to follow
me on Twitter I I super oh man I I that
super one with an A and not an e I don't
get don't be grammatically incorrect I
tweet funny things I also want more
followers and just a quick message to
tell you that you you right there you
watch this Shh
you right there you are beautiful just
the way you are and don't ever change
because you know what who cares what
they say they say you are awesome sauce
and don't you ever change cuz you are
beautiful in every single way
sang this song last time - sorry that's
a rap soup woman mwah one love peace
peace I'd love it where we're gonna do
peace and love no I don't want to finish
the video I just want to quickly say
that um this is my 101 and if you have
watched any of my other reason you are
yet to click that subscribe button
that's right there that's right you can
just click it you know I'd be happy
you'd be happy I mean it makes use of
your internet connection which you
probably pay 50 bucks a month for anyway
you just click that you'll use some
kilobytes in megabytes and you'll have
to load and you'll make
