what everyone it's your girl superwoman
honestly for this video I want to do
something close to my heart so you know
what you know what I am NOT superwoman
I am Lily nice to meet you my name is
Lilly Singh and this is my 100th video
this is a huge deal for me
I cannot believe I've already done 100
videos and I cannot believe that you sat
there and watched my ghetto hoodrat
scarbrow wannabe thug self 800 videos
you're a true friend
and I really appreciate that so I want
to take this opportunity to not only
thank you the viewers but to thank my
friends who have been there since the
beginning who like my videos who post my
videos on who deal with my wacky ways
and honestly I have to thank my parents
who just supported me and everything
I've done and no matter what I want to
do they just always support me who is it
I'm making a video hello pickle
dad I'm making a video right now fair
brigadiere video well yeah it's my
hundredth video give 100% a 30 marks
what are you talking what you mean Josh
how's the new Brown University wretched
what sorry G da la vela not yeah you do
bad press button you always do this are
the club actors but natandy up on it on
do you dishes have to do with this so
they saw the obeah wanna see I'm in the
middle of recording video doesn't gamma
Sharda please I don't I don't like this
Jovi song that uh the other dumb
gardener okay I have not getting married
keoki hi Arun Danny lava why we go grab
another business for that you did not
picture like a Charlie calm Takada
shaadi.com did they each idea is simple
shortage in the body internet the nice
simple froz simple suited what color is
fuzzy dharma now on recording okay my
Bart Elia Sam Gianna Barney Jake Johanna
yes go do that
camera crew brother come shanty okay I
don't like this okay pour the other
company okay hello
no fair man how many gets to do it
aka resurrection
Real Talk though this is a very special
video to me and I was trying to think of
how I could possibly recap my 99
previous videos you know like a
superwoman mashup and then it hit me may
I present to you the very lame very
dorky very way I'm going to embarrass
myself though what up t-shirt reference
official song leg up what up everyone
it's your girl superwoman got an S on my
chest s on my chest larger-than-life
swag like Tyrannosaurus Rex and imma let
you finish but I got the best shirts of
all time drink is on my boobies that
Young Money all mine wear a Superman
come at me bro cuz love is a highway so
let's share the road even though it's
usually hos before Bros is all about
love true story bro I got that Super
Bass don't need nothing else don't need
Mario dis princesses yourself yeah buddy
haters love me oh you mad bro whoa go
hard or go home
here take this I'll let you borrow
screaming young guys hanging huh you
don't get under my skin you ain't a
splinter winter does that make sense
yup Ninja Turtles what up t-shirt
reference roses are red and violets are
blue I hate rhyming vacuum purple zebra
huh I'm too cool for school but a nerd
still make me drool and I feel fantastic
because I recycle plastic I ain't playin
poker but everyday I'm shuffling Mondays
and Thursdays you best believe I'm
hustling hey you you look like you're
winning everyone else to slip and call
them butter chicken and butter chicken
and butter chicken and butter chicken
and butter chicken now I'm playing
that's bad for your health eat right and
check yourself before you wreck yourself
word Pando with a bow tie like a bow hey
I'm on a shirt like a boss hey I'm on a
shirt get lost
Oscar the Grouch oh how I love you
because it's one love and monsters are
people too I am VIP adverb and is with
me the shirt is tight but I still love
NYC I love you superheroes I got you on
my shirt you
be my Ernie and I can be your bird I
promise you'll never say Lilian change
man 100 more videos and I must still be
here rocking ray-bans CTF Oh hugs not
drugs yes my ties fake and what whom
does got an S on my chest
ha got an S on my chest ha you got an S
on your chest
yup superheroes you're the best all that
s on your chest and now in dubstep
sure I hope you enjoyed that please
comment below and let me know which
t-shirt is your favorite before I go
though I really and truly want to send
this message you know I know to other
people YouTube's not that big of a deal
but for me this is a way to get to my
dreams it's my full-time job right now
and it's a huge huge part of my life and
I want to genuinely truly sincerely from
the bottom bottom of my heart and
Superman's heart
both of us are we the same person I
don't know but from the bottom of my
heart
thank you so much for joining me on this
journey I can't believe it's been 100
videos and I can't believe you guys have
sat there and commented rated subscribed
sent me messages that we tweet send me
emails you you sitting right there you
all of you have truly truly touched me
and changed my life so thank you so much
honestly this is just my way of making
the world a better place
and I truly genuinely love making people
laugh smile and feel good about
themselves so I hope in some little
teensy-weensy way once upon a time I've
made you smile and I can only hope and
pray that I'm privileged enough for you
to continue to join me on this journey
because I can assure you there will be
hundreds more videos where that came
from
so this video is dedicated to all of you
because without you I would just be some
wacko with a camera which I might still
be but you know what you make that okay
so thank you so much this video is
dedicated to you the super heroes of the
world here is to 100 more thank you
thank you thank you thank you
mwah I love you all one love yours truly
Lily okay
superwoman face I made a hundred videos
I made a hundred videos made up hundred
videos made a hundred days yeah also
thank you so much to everyone who sent
in a video response for project positive
the due date was today so I will be
going through all of them and I will be
announcing the winners in my next video
which will be on Monday
ciao don't forget I make new videos at
Monday and Thursday kay bye Rosie hey
Brody
