whatever voted your girl superwoman I
got 99 problems in the video a one son
welcome to my 99th video I'm a bit of a
sore throat I sounds a bit like Superman
but but that's okay 99 problems and a
sore throats one welcome to boys should
note you can read what up literacy rate
is actually really bad parents read your
effing kids the following is a short
list of things boys should know number
one if I shave my legs in the morning I
will be a smooth sex bomb you tell 7:00
p.m. because after that I need to shave
again yes just like your face our hair
grows back the same day
what up home renovations need some
sandpaper save yourself five dollars I
here together now I don't care if you to
grade 12 biology or grade 12 english you
do not know what a period is you will
never know so as far as we're concerned
you can't judge us while we're on our
periods period imagine you had your
period yeah yeah I'm all right
yeah do my kind of nosebleed down to her
bra just pitch it check pitches just sum
it up my hormones are hot and that's my
stomach hurts my back hurts my chest
hurts and I want chocolate so you just
give me Advil a hot water bottle a
handful of change in of any way she and
we good fellas buying me a drink at a
club does not mean I owe you something
in return I didn't tell you to be all
gangster baller status at the bar that
was your choice that's the chance you
took and if you learn anything from
monopoly you know that if you take a
chance yes you may advance to go but you
may also have to move back three spaces
so one a to buy this ain't no Community
Chest I'm sorry does this look like free
parking
uh uh uh believe it or not sometimes we
like when you get jealous
it's cute sometimes now some of us may
not like sports that much but hey we
love it when you play sports giggity
I'm gonna let you in on a little secret
the recent girls expect such romantic
sweet fairytale-like things from you is
be
as we all have that one effing friend
whose boyfriend just stepped out of a
Bollywood movie and that guy's acting it
out for the rest of you and nine times
out of ten that friend of ours is a
stuck-up princess douchebag and her
boyfriend is still super sweet to her
it's so annoying so my advice to you is
to step up your game go hard or go home
bro what up t-shirt reference if I just
spent five hours getting ready and then
you come up to me and have a drink
moment and you're like sweatpants hair
tied to the window make a bone that's
when you're that pretty yes I hope that
you don't take it around yeah I just
took it wrong because that line is only
sweet if I am in fact in sweatpants with
my hair tied and chillin with no makeup
on don't assume it okay I will nice
sometimes when you put your arm around
us at a movie it's hella uncomfortable
please do that ish in doses I don't want
to feel like I'm gonna friggin pokeball
the whole movie especially if you're
trying to poke a ball because honestly
I'm watching Toy Story and the only
Woody I want to see is on the screen
okay so calm yourself and I guess in
this case my t-shirt doesn't apply this
is getting bad I should stop but I do
90% of us don't know how to dance that
the girls in the Sean Paul videos but I
promise you we practice every single day
in the mirror a confident woman does not
equal a stuck-up woman okay there is a
difference stop being so damn insecure I
am NOT down to do my eyebrows an upper
lip every day so please just pretend
like you don't know this okay thanks
as much as you think all girls and I'm
sure including myself
hey guys think they're douchebags think
they're jerks that's all an act
girls are natural-born actresses that is
our trade I know we're all like oh my
god guys are such a douchebag
oh my gosh what's a boyfriend I think
Sena my dad it's all an act we're just
looking for someone awesome enough to
drop the act for it's not the pan as you
want to drop it's the act ricochet
effect boom boom boom and there you have
it that was a list of a few of a million
things a boy should know and yes in case
you're wondering this video was inspired
by jenna Marbles calm yourself relax
with the comments Ashish my next video
is my 100th video
blow tell me what you want to see for my
100 video throw in hundreds hundreds
also don't forget on Thursday is the
conclusion of my project positive
contest if you don't know what I'm
talking about when you didn't wait
what you doing click right there for
more information that is due on Thursday
dude a look like a project for school
and stuff but more fun click that
also don't forget I make new videos
every Monday and Thursday so don't
forget to rate comment and subscribe
because I'd really appreciate it and I'm
making smile I'm sorry I sound so ugly I
tried my best okay I love you have a big
day and you're beautiful in every single
way that's a wrap superwoman
