what if I wanted your girl superwoman
and welcome to shady moments prom
edition Wow prom good old prom it said
wedding receptions for teens I get it I
know it's exciting I also went to prom I
get it I know but I feel it is my
responsibility to tell you highschool
kids to chill that far let's start off
with how you look ladies let's let's
talk take a second just just look at
your hand your left hand take a look
take a look right now is there a wedding
ring on your head if yes sure if no why
the F are you buying a wedding dress for
prom please keep it simple and classy
some of y'all we weren't the most
over-the-top done up dresses that do not
belong at a high school prom
if Madre Dikshit can wear your outfit
and they does there's a problem
I'm sorry tomorrow you with the truth
but girlfriend that's the reality of the
situation I mean just let the prom
committee know from now that they don't
need to buy a disco ball you and your
sequins dress to stand in the move the
dance called the flash lighting you
can't see me no no we can't see you
because you're mr. sunny with an updo I
mean if I was to stand in front of you
right now there would be a solar eclipse
raining yourself towards me and take it
easy
what up tamil song reference the ladies
I cannot express the importance of
makeup at prom if you don't want to wear
makeup more power to you natural beauty
all the way but if you are gonna get
your makeup done by an artist it is
essential that you have a trial done
first because a lot of makeup artists go
overboard so unless your prom has a
theme and that theme is serial and
you're okay with going is to Cannes and
you need to get a trial done because
rainbows are for the sky not your face
also ladies please make sure the makeup
artist matches your skin tone properly
unless you want to be doing this all
night because that's the only way you're
gonna be able to explain one F you look
like a mime you might Kasper moving on
hair styles once again ladies it is
essential to keep it clean simple classy
and elegant because a lot of hair
stylists will ask your ish your ish
being this and effing being this that
awkward moment when your day
says he likes your hat but it's really
your updo I mean some of these up news
be looking like a raccoon was crossing
your head the Tooth Fairy was drinking
and driving they got into an accident
right above your head now the dead
raccoon is on your head covered in very
dust what up accurate description wipe
upper lips wet whoa
don't judge me it's hot okay gentlemen
what did you think I wasn't gonna have a
word with you you hi sweetie let's go
about now I know you're used to walking
around with your pants at your knees
with your butt hanging out because you
like gangster use a G you 51 cents son
just in the club son just like in the
club yo sup son but at prom if your
dress pants are sagging that same way
where it looks like there's a pile of
crap that's weighing you down you need
to sit yourself down and evaluate your
life on an effin scantron I mean you're
wearing a black-and-white tuxedo and
wobbling around if I wanted to see a
penguin I'd be watching Madagascar let
me know let me know if I should put on
my 3d glasses maybe a little better in
three dimensions cuz right now in two
you're looking like an effing hot mess
you're looking like hella ganda month Oh
fellas this isn't 2001 if you're rocking
white shoes a white belt and white
suspenders your prom ticket needs to be
revoked you are a disgrace the Chateau
would be so disappointed now boys I'm
gonna give you the best advice you will
ever receive about prom
you should go them all right now right
now go to the mall buy yourself a sixty
four pack of Crayola crayons and study
that ish because when it comes to prom
there is no blue there is no brown there
is no pink I know what you're thinking
oh my girlfriend got a blue dress score
I don't know why one already got a blue
dress shirt what not because her dress
isn't blue it's midnight blue and you
better believe that she will make you
buy that dress shirt for $70 that's just
slightly different from the blue one you
already have don't question it you will
die during prom there is no brown
there's beige tan and tumbleweed
there is no pink there's you shun
magenta and Kimberly what a Power
Rangers reference and honestly I know
prom is a big deal but couples pleased
with the match
and the public display of affection and
the slowed ads and try not to be so
cheesy I mean if you're gonna be any
type of cheese at prom
you should be a craft single cuz I know
that single people have a way more fun
than couples that run best ways to kick
it with your boys the best ways to kick
it with your girls
hell if you have a boyfriend or
girlfriend I suggest you break up for
prom because they'll just said what the
crap are you just kidding no I mean as
from my experience prom is like the
number one place that couples like to
fight I mean I'll be over there Jan with
my girlfriends and doing the right
events and that probably over there
running tour men if your girl doesn't
win prom queen she's gonna be whining
all night me I'm over there with my
friends we're dancin queens are we
wanted all my I mean not only are you
fighting while I'm having the time of my
life which is standing their matching
looking like Zack and Cody
who's really winning rhetorical question
Real Talk or no prom is such a big deal
and that's totally cool I hope you have
an awesome time if you already had your
problem hope it was awesomesauce and if
you're about to have yours hope you have
a great time make sure you'd be safe and
don't do anything stupid hugs not drugs
ile word so congratulations happy
graduation to everyone who just had
their prom finish up their exams act
yourself on the back now in dubstep and
I gotta give a massive shuttle to some
of the graduating classes that commented
on my Facebook fan page congratulations
shoutouts to CY Falls High School
lakeville North High School Princess
Margaret secondary Stephon Lewis
secondary school British School of Paris
that seems really made up of Russia I'm
do making a fool out of me my friend if
you exist my dad
turner fenton same brother Andre
Catholic High School Upper Darby own
Pope John Paul I see you baby Holy Cross
Regional High School what a Thomas
Edison High School north
albian CI sandalwood Heights Riverdale
high school to Wilfrid Laurier Secondary
School in Ottawa
Edison High School Royal High School
West Humber Collegiate Institute st.
tech at W a Porter Louise Arbour SS I
don't know if I said that right I'm
sorry Woburn mother Teresa and last but
not least my home high school what up
ICU
congratulations to everyone at Leicester
B Pierce on don't forget lovers you
we have one week with just seven days to
complete project positive which is the
contest I'm holding for more information
check out the scripture check it out
only one week to complete your wall of
happiness don't forget to rate comment
and subscribe because I do make new
videos every Monday and Thursday and I'm
equally as crazy crazy can't speak can
you speak I can't who speaks that's not
cool every time equally as crazy crazy
Ciotti
I will see you on Monday 1 1 not
superwoman that's a wrap love you you're
beautiful and I love you
