member
whatever everyone it's your girl
superwoman and welcome to ask Superman a
monthly shown which are random no one
who knows absolutely nothing zip zero
nada about relationships gives you
relationship advice look at my hair it's
so big it's so frizzy long her and ochre
just kidding I care sometimes let's get
into it shall we
question number one my best friend's
boyfriend is cheating on her should I
tell her or should I keep it a secret I
don't want her to be broken because
she's sensitive but she has the right to
know the boys a jerk but he treats her
right what should I do
the boys a jerk but treats her right now
that sounds like a song a boy band name
the wack street boys would sing my
friend I know what I do to make you cry
and I'll never make you smile yah yah
yah yah sweetheart you were being a
terrible friend right now
I mean sweetheart she's your best friend
yeah she's gonna be hurt but don't you
think should be more her when she finds
out and then finds out that you knew as
well time to use your nog and I think's
common sense is knocking I made that up
on the spot diam Louie I mean if you
love your best friends you wouldn't let
her date a kind of whack sauce ain't
none of my girlfriend's deal with no Ken
or wack sauce only dating awesomesauce
next question hi Lee namaste about three
months ago my girlfriend dumped me in
the day after she started to mess around
with my best friend and they started
dating I'm still heard about the fact
that the same guy I grew up with would
diss me like that and I totally didn't
see it coming I don't know what to do
let me tell you a little something about
the bro code okay the bro code gets
overwritten by the ho code thou shalt
not disrespect Dai brother and les an
opportunity arises to fondle the bosoms
of a fair lady people in the world I'm
sorry to tell you but one's girls guys
relationship and peepee feelings get
involved sisters for life brothers from
a different mother best friends forever
none of that matters because when people
are horny they're douchebags they're
like evil unicorns thou shall never
befriend the woman who breaketh the
heart of thy brother unless Dai beer and
her posterior insist
to be done there's nothing you can do
about it except to learn a lesson trust
me I know sucks now it hurts but
experiences like this make you strong
and like you will meet two types of
people those who break you down and
those who build you up and I promise you
sweetheart in the end you will thank
both hey there's a positive to
everything hey positivity hey positivity
next question sup homie chillin
um I made out with a guy at my friend's
party but he was already dating someone
else but he said he liked me more what
should I do
by the way his girl is my best friend
now just from the way you've worded this
sentence he seemed like a pretty crappy
friend already I went to this party I
got drunk I made out with this guy and
then we like started dating do a few
ones that we like to Vegas nobody got
married like I hope to do by the way
he's my brother-in-law way to leave the
crucial details tell the end that's what
I call procrastination free unloyal if
you really cared about your best friend
you wouldn't have made out with him in
the first place
but let's for some cracked-out reason
give you the benefit of the doubt let's
say you're walking you heel broke you
know you tripped your phone and your
tongue landed in his mouth oh my gosh
yeah mmm whatever but you haven't even
confessed object not only are you being
a jerk but you're letting your friend
date a jerk your double jerk I mean you
ain't chicken why don't need to be so
jerk I mean confess up yeah it's gonna
suck she might not even talk to you but
you made a mistake and if you know your
conscience is gonna haunt you so confess
up and do what a real woman would do God
beyonce is saying we run the world but
you just being a new boy up in here and
we're gonna be the next question that's
why I went to a party with all my school
friends I got drunk and kissed one of my
really good friends it was not on
purpose and I really regret it but the
thing is it's very awkward when I see
him what should I do so it doesn't get
awkward okay I want the Fiddlesticks you
people need to stop turning into horn
dogs every time you go to a party like
don't you dance I go to a party I dance
I listen to music you might I take
pictures
y'all just walk around like with your
antennae sticking up are you walking
doggy
if you're not a walkie-talkie why you
walk around like this friggin Thor swag
just have your hammer swing y'all
waiting to nail someone shut um car okay
I see a smile
very game okay pop back to the point you
horn dog don't beat yourself up okay you
made a mistake things happen you're
human
I wish their situation is always awkward
as you make it so he handled that like a
boss okay so vote last night we're cool
right okay awesome cool by the way so
like what's up the best river head or yo
chakra you won the lottery last night my
god Zeo last night was jokes that's hug
it out
yo bestie average you got some action
last night oh yeah me too me too was on
that gap brought props foot prom so like
round two next question can a guy and
girl just be friends
a hell's no now you can disagree with me
and continue living in your little fairy
tale land there where there's no cookies
but here in reality where there's lots
of cookies we knows what's real I don't
care we wore and what you say past a
certain age let's say the age of 15 give
or take a few hormones a girl and guy
cannot be friends because somewhere
along the friendship one of the two will
have feelings and have a crush on the
other whether they want to admit it or
not it is inevitable because why why why
why monkey why because we're all
horndogs drama and especially to you
friends are like oh my god he's like a
brother to me she's like a sister oh my
god I couldn't ever even think of him or
her like that this is for you yeah hi I
have two syllables for you remember them
well in cest I know what you think you
right now you're sitting there shaking
your head VM she'll soup woman is so
wrong you don't like me right sis not
even bro exactly there you go wait what
why are you naked I hold up let me just
pull a little grudge style here jump out
of the computer screen you mad bro oh
it's not your little sister all up on
your booty right now though I haven't
seen your sister in a while where she oh
oh oh she's under you okay yeah you want
her to send on your sister's birthday's
coming up you'll follow have you in your
sister been exchanging saliva you mad
bro next question I'm not forgetting
something what up t-shirt reference a
year ago one of my best friends kissed
me at a party I previously liked him so
I was glad about this then we had a
friend with benefits situation photos
were exchanged a detail
then he cut mean all of our friends off
a year later he wanted to become friends
again and has started talking to me and
all my other friends I feel like I may
start to like him again but I'm not sure
what I should do
Hornet model 8 the f is wrong with you
people
we're going to the barn taking shots of
hormones like hi-yah can I get one coke
two waters in one primary estrogen calm
your pee-pee
Rihanna this is your fault you keep
making all these damn sexy songs what do
you SPECT out but I mean people be
eating that cake kick kick kick and it
ain't even a birthday part of you well
if you want a substantial relationship
with him it should be pretty easy to
discover what his motives are go on a
date with him and ask yourself the
following questions number one are their
hands on your buttocks take a look if
yes ask yourself are they his if no
question your life if yes proceed to
question number two is he on top of you
if yes ask yourself are you possibly two
pieces of wood and in the middle of a
game of Jenga
if yes good luck if not proceed to look
at the dialpad
on your butt because oh use a booty call
calling booties all day I'm currently
with my boyfriend of one year but I'm
secretly in love with the single dad I
know it's wrong but I can't help how I
feel what should I do okay here's what
you do unless his dad is Ryan Gosling
I say act the whole thing because unless
that man is Ryan Gosling I can't see how
all that effort and energy is gonna be
worth the trouble time for the question
of the month
Nakula I got a baby good should I throw
the quam on the ground well mom Guam
Famicom I'm getting married in a few
weeks and I have a big dilemma my fiance
has told me that he's planning on
staying with his parents to take care of
them because you're the only son how do
I tell him I understand his need to take
care of his parents but I can't live in
that house with them for the rest of my
life and might be selfish or thinking
this what do you think question of the
month comment below below below syllable
breakdown what up enunciation comment
below let me get down get
down and calm and all-around huge
announcement huge this will be the last
time I do an ask super almond video but
wait no wait no way and what you
thinking I'm just experimenting don't
worry I got you I got you what I'm gonna
do from now on is on the 14th of every
month I'm actually gonna be doing a live
ask soup woman or you can still send me
your questions I'll answer them on the
spot live no preparation time I have
pressure pressure and then you can ask
me questions live as well
it'll either be through a new stream or
you know or something like that the link
will be in the description soon I know
right now this is coming soon but it'll
be there to keep up to date with all
that information you got to follow me up
on Twitter and on Facebook all that
informations also below in the
description thank you so much once again
for asking Superman it's been an
absolute pleasure oh you mad bro don't
be mad be happy don't forget to send in
your questions to ask super at gmail.com
please make them short and sweet thanks
a lot you have an awesome day don't
forget to share share share because
Terry is Gary
