what about when it's your girl
superwoman another video about Facebook
I know I know
trust me I know before I hit record I
smacked myself so hard I forgot my name
but honestly this needed to happen
Facebook has transformed into a playpen
for the socially awkward it's a hot mess
this will be my last rant on Facebook I
will never again make a video on
Facebook pinky promise and you know what
I probably won't even be able to because
it's only a matter of time line before
Twitter knocks off Facebook but it's
gonna have to be a UFC match because
let's be real with boxing and what a
fight between Twitter and Facebook here
are the results and the winner is
myspace champion sports reference Boise
are you impressed
first off hi hello promoter how are you
good ok great
your event listed here um desi mashup
club banging get that roof where is it
is it in outer space
oh so it's not in the Milky Way okay cuz
your event title has so many stars I
feel like I'm looking through an Afghan
telescope watch this this white why pork
why does this make your event cool is
your event on the Mac now yeah only map
your event design is character map son
and your character Matt Bauer
yeah the bowels of character Matt tell
em bout the stars you're not Captain
America and if you are movie sucked
burn reactor Chopra on the poster of
you're a vet I'm sure she's gonna be
there just in the club in the mill of
luck see just like Elon but did ding
ding it didn't pencil sharpened turn I
think I've made my point
check that go to face book burn people
laugh face book and don't use it if you
don't want face book that's a different
story you continue to be excluded from
the
and plate brickbreaker on your Nokia
flip phone but if you do have facebook
and then you don't have a profile
picture
everything's on private you don't have a
wall never post the status what why do
you exist what why are you the point of
Facebook is to connect with people if
you are antisocial why are you on a
social networking website why are you a
contradiction
do you have photo albums in your house
that have no photos in them you go to
Burger King order a veggie burger and
add extra bacon on it if you do then
awesome continue to waste oxygen but if
you don't pick your profile son because
unless you look like this in real life
you're annoying if I see you when we
like you better looks like this and if
you don't I'm gonna poke you in real
life with a baseball bat in your peepee
oh all these socially conscious pictures
that go around I get it I get it
they're real issues they're sad I'm not
taking anything away from that
but clicking share on a picture does not
make you an activists kind-hearted
person if you're a douche duffel bag and
real life lies cheats steals hurts
people's feelings never hold the damn
door open for me to just lands right in
my face
firm and then come home and click share
on a picture of a dying duck it does not
make you Flanders
okay mr. burns accident clothes are
talking about again getting back on
track to be a people who talk crap about
their parents on Facebook you do not
look cool with a K okay you look like a
brat I mean it's actually quite cowardly
if you think about it we're talking crap
about your parents on an account that
they have no access to if you really
wanna level the playing field you talk
crap buncha parents at a family party
the meantime I'm going to go to forever
21 ask Jessica to help me buy black
dress and I will see you at your funeral
because unless you want to be in a
coffin doing the permanent Macarena you
know your role I was a parent and I
found out my son or daughter was talking
crap about me on an account Facebook
account that I can't even see and have
no access to when it's all private and
stuff I would go to the bank and be like
hello
I you know that education savings
account yeah
I'm gonna need that Mama wanna see Vegas
but throw some fresh ones I'm just
kidding I'm Canadian we don't have one
Bradley throwing boonies for days ah
question am I in the sixth sense can you
can you see me right now okay
okay so I'm not invisible so what okay
so I am a person okay I don't know why
you're tagging me in pictures I'm not in
where am I in this picture look am i the
plant open up left and I plant let me
know the plan but let me go maybe I've
done something wrong photosynthesis all
about that where am I in this picture
we'll learn my a my the taxicab
if the bond to taxi clap you're a racist
after all people that just need to
comment something annoying I know
Facebook is free okay I know complaining
about something that's free is useless
but I'm not complaining about Facebook
I'm complaining about the Jersey Shore
people that are on the Facebook and
Darwin please i don't natural selection
takes place on facebook and person to
everyone like for to be honest status
yes first ago confession static extinct
and i pray that if there is a zombie
apocalypse they like ducks girls beware
so know your role and shut your mouth
you roody-poo candy PS you like my
facebook fan page on facebook.com slash
iisuperwomanii like I'll blow us one
yourself
oh okay if you want to miss all I
thought you were cool became if you're
not too cool the season is both fucking
cool Kevin wake up son don't get to
check out the awesomesauce contest I
have going on over there so cool people
making video responses all day but your
responses this is my video response
dance hey hey hey I make new videos
every Monday and Thursday because I'm a
successful graduate I'll see you on
Thursday for now
that is a rax is the woman I love you
you're stupendous have a great day why
not I'm hot and sweating sugar sweating
everywhere still make the video many
many share it can you share it can you
share it can you share it can you share
it share it scan your head and he is
making me delusional oh you know so
blues you know cuz for did Greece s is
he bird
