what if I went to girl superwoman
parental fears back in the day what the
daughter go to the club someone's going
to love you put the dog godly someone's
going to shot you what the don't wear
that dress boys with harassing parental
fears today but the don't go outside
some crazy naked man may eat your face
ma people the zombie apocalypse is upon
us over the past few weeks there has
been numerous accounts of zombie attacks
and cannibalism numerous meeting more
than zero
a guy in Miami ran around the streets
making an eight a homeless man's face
cops shot him and he growled at them and
still ate the man's face a mother ate
her baby and then killed herself someone
ate the roommates heart and brain this
one guy called the cops when they
arrived he stabbed himself took out his
intestines and threw about the cops I
get a paper cut in my remaining that all
their people withdraw their intestines
uh people ha my theory on the zombie
attacks is that the dead just got pissed
off at the model and they're like Oh
young money I bet your face is quite red
maybe cuz it's all meat eating your face
wine MCN Sambi I don't even make sense
right now but not to fear super ones got
your back I'm going to teach you how to
survive the zombie apocalypse
don't get me now if you're going to
survive a zombie apocalypse step one we
need to learn how to identify a zombie
I'm gonna help you out with that know if
you have dumb friends this is gonna be
hard because you may think they're
zombies and accidentally shoot them but
you know what that's the price you pay
for making dumb decisions community now
you can identify a zombie because they
make weird effed up poisons but make
sure before you shoot someone making
weird
you ensure it's not Nicki Minaj because
she's not a zombie
she's an epic boss please don't make him
knock maybe the boss of zombies that is
a Bach Iggy
but if you see little Wayne shoot that
mofo definitely a zombie I mean he's
been talking about getting brain since
time yeah you know me I smoked blow one
damn brain one lastly if someone is
eating your face and you're not sure if
they're a zombie ask yourself this
question are they Mike Tyson if so pull
out your phone take a picture and tweet
hashtag zombie celebrity oh my god
hashtag where's my ear if they're not
Mike Tyson there probably is on me
they're probably in your face and you're
probably gonna die West Indies for your
convenience I've also compiled a list of
people that are for sure zombies Lady
gaga
mother zombie girl from new girl new
zombie guy from house surgeon zombie
LeBron James zombie AC Slater saved by
the zombie babe and Baxter
that's hose on P Neil Patrick Harris how
to mentor zombie Arthur having fun isn't
hard when you're zombie
Arjun artist why this kolavari zombie
people with sunglasses superstar without
zombie Ron Weasley zombie bill 9 song
Govinda Raja zombie goldust zombie Kanye
West imma let you finish picture Islam
Lambo Doosan when he comes to Sandy gali
as a zombie Rob Zombie not a zombie now
in case of a zombie apocalypse follow
these instructions and you'll be sure to
survive or possibly die step 1 stick
with a friend in times of need when that
zombies coming towards you it helps to
have a friend to push in front of you
and rub the F away I personally suggest
a feisty black crow I mean if anyone's
gonna save the world it's gonna get
fighty bathroom so ya go key whoo octo
this he thing he don't eat Oh girlfriend
homie the zones all up in my face k what
you need is a tic tac boo I mean either
a black girl or Kingsley I call dibs on
Kingsley zombies love eating brain
and they're attracted to smart things so
throw your iPhone and stuff out the door
don't have that stuff on you
blackberries are fine in fact if you
really want to survive hold a playbook
because that is too slow even grows on
dude if you're a woman and you're
sensing a zombie apocalypse try your
best to have your period because nothing
is scarier than a PMSing woman wanting a
chocolate bar song yeah populist it's
all about that period apocalypse fun hmm
now white people I love you I really
really love you but if you want to
survive a zombie apocalypse you're going
to take some advice but must brown folk
for example during a zombie apocalypse
you're not going to to scroll into a
Swiss Chalet you know summer brunch
McDonald's drive-through no you're gonna
need to start stating your containers
and Nutella ice cream everything you can
find that ish is storage but on there by
the stack Nokia everything you can find
oil paper that during the zombie
apocalypse try your best not to be a
minority I mean you've seen war movies
right I mean in fact your Jamaican
Indian sure Lincoln Pakistani Mexican
anything that isn't white there's coffee
zombies outside your house right now -
ah yes
no I'm not kidding you're gonna I mean
look down so much probably eating your
arm right now I mean I didn't I didn't
make the rules if you're brown don't
trust any uncle's or undies I mean think
about it
all-you-can-eat buffet free uncles and I
guess they're just gonna be like shell
bite me on down last word you can't beat
them join them
I mean you eat McDonald's KFC got a
month every other day I mean just come
some effed up ish in that food friends
can't be so bad if I was a zombie the
first personality is Drake
yep baby I think it is a something
comment below and let me know if you
were a zombie who was the first person
you wouldn't be safe don't get in great
comments subscribe and make sure you
share this video don't be selfish don't
be something you're here trying to
survive trying to you know not being by
zombies not going to share the videos
everyone else and eaten by zombies how
we gonna be populate the earth in fact
that is taking this video and posting on
the wall of someone you like and think
is hot who knows you may be the last two
people on earth and then you know really
population to also remember I was
telling about that awesomesauce contest
and would be holding quick right shoe
right there yeah click right there all
the information with the contest is
theirs awesome sauce you can win some
free stuff some cool things it's
positive it's good vibes it's good fun
click on that to find out you can enter
the contest anyone can enter anyone can
participate especially you your zombie
no problem click the link make sure
don't finger no fallout though and
remember I do put up new videos every
Monday and there's this I will see you
on Monday that's a wrap I actually don't
want to kill zombies because on these
are people to smear sugar
