what about going to girl superwoman what
up straight forward reference forward
foot forward
what up straight forward wet Wow what up
straight forward reference that's as
good as it's gonna get now before I
start this video I have to say I love my
parents this videos not about my parents
in particular is all parents in general
and I feel like it'll apply to parents
in general everywhere all times parents
but I've catered towards brown for lack
of better term parents on South Asian
Indian they see black water so for all
you negative nancies out there stop stop
right now stop stop right now
take off your cup cheat take it off hold
you in your hand and just just iron it
and keep that ish unpunished I want to
say no comments like she's so ungrateful
making fun of her parents and it doesn't
so much I know I love them chill beth up
now there were just some things that my
parents do not understand for example
many parents these days are trying to
get on that Facebook to learning how to
computer learning how to Google a lot of
them try to creep their son or daughter
to see what they're up to you slide w
uncle unti do you know my response that
is love laughing out loud
haha what up privacy settings uncle I'd
be the only thing you're gonna see is
your son or daughters cover photo why
because you're more limited that
boardwalk and McDonald's Monopoly do you
really want to ask them over you check
their cell phone and I bet you in their
contacts every Priya is actually
appalled and every Janani is actually a
Jason can we have a heart-to-heart here
if we have our Turner uncle auntie mummy
daddy on behalf of kids everywhere we
understand your need to compare us to
other kids but what you fail to realize
is that those kids are in fact aha FMS
Lathika nice only Korea what up everyone
breathe these in the house in Iike me
green shit
got any more than you
Jabberwocky sorry God barnyard in
Accardi logic are a Leo
but imedschool Taleo buta shush this
time I'll be the doctor okay
and you Ruben I know you do buddy okay
oh you mean pretty that hot mess
crackhead girl wears dresses made of
saran wrap
oh okay subsidy a call is not the only
thing she is doing with those hands and
it was just me or will my parents never
understand how to take a picture with a
digital camera okay ready yeah oh yeah
nano ass hey wait wait Jen a name I'll
hold it down a little bit let it focus
and hold it down all the way and just
press it mom pressing the book that by
the whole day fuck it
okay this is their dad oh yeah okay
Nayla I feel like this has been the
problem since the beginning of time we
had a trip to India we came back with an
empty memory heart I don't know if this
is just brown or desi parents maybe it's
all parents I know maybe it's something
in the prunes but no matter what I do
what I say if I just want to have a
normal conversation with my parents they
don't get that they don't use every
opportunity to emotionally scar me like
today my mom says something absolutely
hilarious and I'm just like oh my god I
am totally tweeting that hey you girl
aankia hard at each tweet to opioid card
at America dissolving cards if you swear
it'll take it easy open to it karma
photo cuchara Google to the street we
curl up I'll change to it crystal
Cotton's of across you can re put up
such a pan my cheek the sir OT Kui kisi
company okay mom I'm leaving us you know
Becky I'm ready
Brian admit what they took um ATF over
here Kelly Thea to the castle is with
Timothy not touch it the Dauntless hokey
could you Marsha for mana see make a
book up to Mary putting you all agree
Giroux
which quite mix-up see mom I'm having a
bad day everyone's being so mean to me
ah what a lucky me know away to Kia
leave me
- Mia Becky I'm um not right now please
just listen to me - listen car dear to
my soul buddy care to homes after huh
Margie laundry kinda markup on date or a
spoon - what's a lot yeah
oh my god can you not have a normal
conversation a child what normally
Caesarea no normal people companies are
car they okay human work another okay I
don't get mom I think it's a bit loose
isn't it
child want a sore loser but young Rosie
Korea Hadji pact Empire I just go to
lose here but us all right okay
what the pass our money now I can this
would lose their cannot the mom you say
okay Joe put that kid doctor 20 acara up
petty holder hey mom hi work what catchy
policy Java Capri neo even bring yet ad
allopatric a menu Katya Ikea ed Gracia
you loose khadiyah
dad gave me some Advil my head is
hurting hanky hurt my head is hurting
porky gonna sauna didn't compute that
Blackberry iPhone yeah actual open
bonded mighty booty that he said doc
hiya
cook they were d-dad Nakia what does my
beard have to do with my head hurting
did that an epod I said don't look down
I need to be slowly to cope Teddy punch
let's just be real we love our parents
for the most part you although they
emotionally mentally maybe even
physically scar us and you know they
bash us and sometimes crush our dreams
and stuff I saw from all of that they
loved us very much and they've always
been there for us and there's a piece of
hair on the wrist they've always been
there for us so mom dad this video is
dedicated to you thank you for being so
supportive of all my YouTube stuff and
everything that I do and know I'm crazy
and I love you very much and on behalf
of kids everywhere for your mummy daddy
your kids love you and I'm sorry we do
stupid things you uncle auntie mommy
daddy i soup woman loves you you're
doing a fantastic job thank you for
watching my channel make sure you rate
comment and
scribe why because I make new videos
every Monday and Thursday and on
Thursday I will be announcing a super
awesome sauce contest for you guys
make sure you check it out if you want
to see the behind the scenes extras
bloopers me harassing my parents video
right here good the flu clinic they
don't forget you're awesome you're
beautiful have yourself a fantabulous
stupendous day that is as awesome as you
my friend love you
superwoman bad so we're at it should you
rate comment and subscribe to get the
dead and danten danten dipped at La Nina
make sure you rate comment and subscribe
this is the rating commenting
subscribing to my videos every Monday
Thursday hi hi hi hi hi oh
