toddlers and tiaras up next 16 and
pregnant of blackberry drug drug drug
Scarborough ADHD kony 2012 kony whoo
what's a coney virgin I don't get it
prom dress yellow pop 4:00 p.m. phone
dead $50 stay tuned up next we have Real
Housewives of everything the Kardashians
you know he's dying man yo yo they're
really cool
show you look bad and that's why she
said what's about replace movie names as
penis the worldwide trend swag swag swag
sweat sweat
Illuminati over your axle all day
earning drunk whiteout wasted yeah girls
in yoga pants calm what happened I don't
worry about it
Xbox what can't you be like Edward
you're such a jerk
Rexdale cap winning why this kolavari
kolavari kolavari do for you hy f bar hy
f r hell yeah hell yeah hell yeah
marry know why not you wasn't with me
shooting in the gym are you used to me
how clever how do you want fries with
that Salmonella your how many hotdogs
should I play no no how you doin oh yeah
what about milk
no homo bro I'm gay no home what seat
should I take yo imma let you finish
oh my let you finish well yo this is one
of the sickest videos of all time
oh did you see did you practice your
spelling
practice we talking about practice hey
y'all can I have your number
can't can't haggle over cool but can I
have your number now watch me you crank
that Soulja Boy you crank that Soulja
Boy yo hey Superman down come at me bro
1 2 3 right now hide your kids hide your
wife and hide your husband please donate
Shh
I got that kind of money hey yo what's
up everyone my name is BJ boombastic the
hottest 40 yo DJ but you check out my
mixtape racin zombie apocalypse yeah uh
Thomas I'm not a creep I just need help
studying man thank you
all right so check it square room to 69
is a something right cuz I've been
trying work it out oh so you're
according to Wikipedia status update
update status come on draw something
read or tweet hashtag just sing by the
way in my opinion in real life you're a
hole to be honest you ready are you
ready
yeah can you put the nitrous on on one
side 3d design the other new belief
right here challenge challenge challenge
Everest pool what if I wanted two girls
Suppan I'm sorry this videos super late
it's like something in the a.m. my baby
nephew is over and his cuteness
distracted me and I procrastinating I'm
Sally but I promise every Monday and
Thursday from now on my videos gonna be
on time i pinky promise my friend hey
let me know what your Hot Mess score is
and if it's hi welcome you're a hot FMS
comment below click that thumbs up all
that good stuff have a super-dee-duper
day make sure you check out my next
video which will be on Monday because
I'm gonna have a super awesome contest
announcement at the end of it Hey raise
the roof contest what up okey Joe
