what everyone it's your girl superwoman
it's summertime oh god me too
so last week I released a video called
annoying people at the movies and on
y'all loved it or like some most dear to
some you hated it but but mostly Bose
you liked it yeah haters go hey so
without further ado welcome to shaky
moments annoying people in public
washrooms first of all I do everything
in my power to avoid using a public
washroom not be sitting like this
meditating dehydrating myself jumping
into a swimming pool instead just gang
dirty but sometime you know things
happen nature calls you got a poopy not
first and foremost I do not understand
people who do not flush the toilet after
using it think about all the things you
do throughout a day okay you dry you use
a smartphone probably you use an
elevator you know you press a button at
a crosswalk how hard is it to push down
a handle so that your feces doesn't have
to be in my face no poopy in my booty
please I'm sorry is your is your carpet
Picasso also it's not a Mona Lisa oh
there's no bother oh okay oh I was just
wondering as to why you leave I enjoy
the rest of the world stare at do not
even get me started on girls who have
their periods and do not flush the
toilet
you my friend are horrendous and fellas
I know that's disturbing to hear but
trust me it is even more disturbing to
see I don't want to walk into a washroom
stall and feel like I'm in salt flats
the damn toilet I don't even understand
how people get that much piss on a
toilet seat that girlfriend how many
holes you got down there
girlfriend you probably don't even need
to water your lawn just drink a jump a
water stand on the grass and that nature
do it thanks and some super soaker 10000
I need you're gonna go all Free Willy on
the toilet see it at least clean that
ish up I'm sorry am i wearing a bikini I
know oh I'm good I don't want to be a
wild water Kingdom okay lean yo ish and
the methods we use to not sit on the
toilet see I'll be crouching hovering
over my abs or flabs will be shaken up
again trying not to sit on the seat but
somedays we're just tired
some days we're shaking some days some
days our butt makes contact with the
seat and great oh oh great now herpes
and don't even get me started on the
toilet
paper and public washrooms I mean it's
not to play it's not even one play
it's like 0.5 ply you might as well give
me pig rushing that he ain't doin
anything
I mean Rihanna's accent is thicker than
that damn toilet paper in today's day
and age it doesn't matter how far
humanity advances you know we could be
flying in the sky doing all types of
cool things but my faith in humanity
diminishes the second I step into a
public washroom when I see an explosion
of crap and piss everywhere when people
cannot crack in a toilet and there's
crap in the floor I fear for Humanity
but one thing restores my faith and that
is washing graffiti you ever sit and
read washroom graffiti it is some of the
most mind blasting boombastic genius
things thought-provoking things written
on those bathrooms owns and I'm pretty
sure for like a year or director just
went to China went to every public
bathroom copied and pasted everything
you saw at the back washroom stall by um
Memoirs of a Geisha and the stress went
we'll only decent clean or said me clean
stall is the one with the broken lock
you know where the lock is missing it
has that whole gun how many holes I
gotta worry about during this process by
covering you with my hand hovering it's
like some coal experience now I assume
this process is just easier in the men's
washroom no guys go in they aim their
tool they do their thing they wash their
hands thumbs on and then they walk up
but the girls washer was just hella
complicated cuz girls have to bring all
their friends to the washroom doctor
gossip you know they have to retouch
their makeup fix their hair the amount
that girls check themselves out just
strip blatantly checking their booty in
the mirror to make sure it's okay girl
why don't you take a picture and post it
on girls in yoga pants calm it'll last
longer like oh I'm trying to wash my
hands and you made the counter into the
freakin Mac store what is your
self-esteem so you finish taking your
tinkle or whatever you go to wash your
hands you turn on the water
if it works it's either extremely hot or
for a reason gold you're washing your
hands go for soap obviously empty next
think obviously empty third think has
soap but obviously the faucet won't work
so use the water from sink a runner over
to sink see get the soap lather run back
over to sink a you know rinse your hands
paper towel empty run back to the stall
use the 0.5 cheap flight toilet paper
you know and after you're done doing the
cha-cha slide and wash them walk-up
toilet paper on issue and if there's not
paper towels with those stupid hang Oh
dry thingies and those are either one or
two things that either suck you're
standing there forever because the bug's
life characters that are in dove and
it's doing nothing or two they're really
good at how often you're like this and
they suck the skin whenever you're like
oh okay what is it so difficult I beg of
you if you use a public washroom flush
the toilet and crap and piss in the bowl
provide it in rocket science if you
haven't already check out my video from
last week titled annoying people at the
movies it's right there click on it you
can also follow me on Facebook Tumblr
Twitter Google+ and Pinterest and people
always ask what your user name is it's
the same for all of Superman I ice we
keeps it simple don't forget on you
videos every Monday and Thursday so make
sure you rate comment and subscribe I'll
see you on Thursday yeah it sure has a
monster on it cuz monsters are people
too
