whatever wouldn't your girls super open
what's up lovers how you doing
what did Judy go good you're by the way
welcome to shady moments dig DDD what's
up my hair is straightened I look a hot
mess I'm sweating and stuff on my watch
and it's hot now if you know anything
about me you know I love going to the
movies you know sitting on a laptop you
know illegally watching a movie waiting
for it to buffer - no I'm not done but
actually going to the movies at the did
the surround sound and big screen
colossus Cineplex ain't MC swag I love
it
but you know I don't love I don't love
the trailers I don't like the trailers
because the trailers are oh hey look at
me he was born he was wicked
he was awesome this is the best joke of
the movie this is what happens and then
he dies come pay $15 to see it and the
movie just ends up being an extended
version of the trailer why'd you tell me
everything in the trailer man it really
upsets me personally I feel the best
trailer would be a black screen just
have a date and have someone whisper and
just be like come see for yourself
but the real reason I'm making this
video is because the other day I saw
Avengers for the second time because um
it's been awesome so I'm sitting in the
theater you know wearing my 3d glasses
looking like a douche bag honesty I
don't care who you are if you were to 3d
glasses you look like a douche bag it's
like they were designed so couples don't
make out in the theater please put on
your 3d glasses or not baby I think we
should see other people
they're horrendous moving forward I was
sitting there with my 3d glasses looking
at douchebag all excited for Avengers
and you should know me I'm Jolie rainbow
sunshine I don't get mad I'm so
easygoing but the two most annoying
effing people I have ever witnessed in
my entire life we're sitting in my room
definition of obnoxious I'm sorry am i
wearing pajamas oh no I'm sorry
am i braiding your hair and oh also
we're not at the slumber party okay shut
the F up then throughout the whole movie
they're commentary
but to put a zipper in my ear and my
left gun my right gun my every gun you
know I'm sitting there in tensing in
tension over hulka's transforming for
the first time I'm so excited what is he
gonna look like yeah I don't know I'm
sitting there tense I'm shaking my
panties are in a knot and all I hear in
the corner of my ear girl he oh he big
oh he getting big girl friend girl
that's a man right there that's a man
right oh he getting big he big I'm sorry
are you having a threesome with the Hulk
right now I don't I don't understand why
I'm watching The Avengers and you are
directing a porno in my ear bond stopped
commentary I feel like going up to Lucy
oh hey excuse me hi stuff alright one
second do you know where you can get the
soundtrack of this movie no oh you're
not sure oh I'm sorry I just thought you
know maybe I could buy it from your
vocal cords I mean now I'm sitting there
all confused I'm like well should I be
getting turn on my log something wrong
with me I don't know I'm like sitting
there confused
internal conflicts I don't know what to
do them it should should I try staring
at his bum I don't know anywhere these
mmm please ignore it everyone in
theaters ready to lay it smack it down
on them but we ignore it you know epic
battle scene at the end you know freakin
just finds it explosion there and it's
amazing and you're Iron Man just found
teaser alert story I'm waiting to see if
you know he's gonna wake up and stuff
I'm sitting there like oh my god
everyone's quiet it's so intense I'm
sitting there waiting and then I hear
monkeys I'm like sick okay honey moms in
the movie so I'm sitting there waiting
for a honeymoon to come down all proud
brown people represent what's up just
you know ready for him to show people
what real powers I'm waiting there and
then I realized it's not hung on because
I turned to my left and the girl is
playing temple run on the loudest volume
she's playing temple run at the climax
of the movie full volume full screen
brightness of all are you a joke like
are you a joke book right now
are you human when I'm not understanding
Shh
Shh back in my dick can tell you when I
was five six seven some years old you
could legitly see a movie for two
dollars now popcorn cost $22 I don't
even go to see the movie the first thing
I think about my friend sounds gonna
move in like hell yeah I want me some
buttery popcorn popcorn its kernels and
hot air like here's a to me give me the
kernels I'll bring my own blow dryer I
don't understand
and I'm just such a dumb consumer where
I buy anyways I feel Kassadin I'm sorry
what is the popcorn $20 oh you know
because the butter and stuff oh yeah
okay make sense I am the stupid and I
don't think I comprehend how much I eat
during a movie because like I be
carrying the bag like this because it's
huge
but by the end of the book it's done and
I went alone so why am i paying $15 to
see the Hulk when there is one in my
stomach like I can imagine myself
looking like this in the theater
vodka bellavita building operations
about Syria una grande the pradhan
mantri dr. Manmohan Singh called a sham
guru never EMS at Fujitsu granular Joe
isolated a nice retirement and it
doesn't matter which movie I see because
at some point of the movie I get
depressed
why because there'll be some hot I think
popcorn flew out of my mouth because
there'll be some hot girl with perfect
boobs and flat stomach it I'm just like
why can't you be like that I mean
Avengers it was Scarlett Johansson in
transformers it was Megan Fox and Never
Say Never it was Justin Beiber just
kidding oh my god please don't kill me
I'm scared of believers please please do
not try and believe her say it Superman
don't please don't do it I'm sorry I
love him I swear you know you can hate
on Justin neighbor all you want I love
him and we all know that the believers
they should have been in the Avengers
can you imagine an army of teenage girls
who just got their period for the first
time look what is Vonage hands do she
and I will be the first to admit that I
get so influenced by movies after a
movie I walk out feeling like an effing
pimp like the actors did nothing it was
all me walking out feeling like Iron Man
feeling like Black Widow I came home
when the Avengers went to my room and I
like didn't dinner - didn't it quick
there's trouble in a minute
it is a hot after avatar for months I
was trying to connect to people with my
brain I love the movies good good job
movie making people just a few things
please don't give away everything in the
trailers do not sell tickets to sexually
frustrated Temple Run playing people
please don't make me insecure about my
flabby flabs and please stop randomly
ending horror movies without tying the
plot together I mean it's just really
freaking er Wow that's a wrap shady
moments make sure you make comments make
sure you rate comment and subscribe if
you liked that video please share just a
reminder that we making two videos a
week every Monday and every Thursday I
will have a new video if you want some
input on what you want to see my videos
you have to join my facebook fan page
which is facebook.com/buzzfeedmatt you
and then people type and then I record
and then that that's like--that's this
happens also make sure you check out my
brand new vlog that i just made right
right now same clothes laughs right just
right now my turn to brand new vlog
which it's interesting stuff I I speak
Sibel and stuff also check out my
interview with two mangoes Khan get to
know the woman behind the assets very
Lily really kind of so the interviews
right here click you're gonna see it
after you a huge shout out to my boy
Page who sent me this jackets awesome if
you want more information on how to get
yourself a custom jacket information is
in the description on the websites right
here as well check that are you ready
check it out biome oh snap
print screen this pop got that one good
okay peace that's all right
