everything has to be perfect it you took
seven birthday man no no okay listen I'm
gonna go to the guest this right now
okay I want talk security I swear God
with me Oh better not show up
listen to me no more than three hundred
and two people at the party you don't
you two doesn't like more views than
that or we right are you sure all
systems go here we go lights camera
action happy seventh birthday YouTube
what damage by Koreans and cool finish
last in transition
wears a cape
hello I said where is a que
hello and welcome to YouTube seventh
birthday extravaganza you all are very
important people in the world view and
it is an honor to have you as my guest
let's get right into it shall we get up
here with your speech buddy
whatever wanted to boy a kid happy but
they do poop long time no doctor don't
be mad my friend I'm a young guy I just
want to live like I don't want to be
working on a video every day some of
these people be messaging me wanted a
video more than twice a year what that
man told me I could get this and what is
this party on my birthday I didn't even
get a proper cake every year fresh fruit
cake down why one year ask my dad for an
ice cream cake he came home with some
coffee and some icing I am sick of the
mango mousse cake please know what my
friend this one year I don't even get a
cake my mom put a candle in a stack of
her own head and she was scatting put on
pick for the fam son anyways she boy it
get it get amazing I'm tired of the
speech see you in seven months it's a
wolf boss creamy rooms headed hot today
we're in a birthday party you want to
push mr. YouTube over there a happy
birthday
no we want to let your pee-pee instead
okay because you're a silver unicorn me
happy birthday YouTube I hope you get
smashed I hope you get white girl wasted
but make sure you don't end up like oh
my god where's my puke Anna look it's
frozen oh my god I'm so horny look at
Twitter he's so hot oh my god he's at my
- cuz nobody likes whores I'm just
kidding everybody loves whores be sure
you need booze coming test and tired of
this birthday party you know we like to
go for a walk now please and have some
doggy treats
in conclusion happy seventh birthday
YouTube and now your landshark be by
Wi-Fi ring by segment hey boy but okay
alright fine Oh didn't see you there
hello there
howdy how are you welcome to
YouTube's seventh birthday bash good
name buddy pal Mickey cush in the bill
Jim getting good am I right or am i
right ladies and chica I mean you're
looking at these spiffy in your shirt
there YouTube with your your fans
looking sexy sexy good sex sex
deliciously sexually should be good save
the pandas working on a brand they
weren't they participate but there are
some things about with a small tiny
Justin Bieber size things that I am not
particularly fond of
for example the Hindi version of the
song happy birthday I am NOT Sunita my
name is not Sunita my point is you don't
play Christmas carols during my
cake-cutting why because that is Jesus's
birthday Sunita is Sunita birthday and
just rains is just range blithely so
please hey we have to meet da song it's
wrong it's right as it should not happen
it won't happen it wouldn't happen and
now a dance what if every two girls soup
Roman YouTube happy seventh birthday
thank you so much for giving me a
platform to be crazy silly stupid
creative and just myself on means the
world and I also gotta give a huge shout
out to all the youtubers around the
world you being crazy makes it okay for
me to be a psycho
shut up - you keep doing your thing out
the utmost respect for all youtubers all
creative people you don't know who those
people were in the previous parts of the
video check out the description all the
links are in it they're all awesome
they're all making you laugh and it
should all be supported so make sure
supportive support it's okay just to
conclude the speech if I can just take
another second here sorry I know we want
to get white dough I said behind the
scenes footage of this video I know who
yes there's lots right here click right
down my vlog channel make sure you
subscribe to that as well and hey happy
birthday YouTube to everyone who's
watching have a very
very very wonderful day I love you all
cheers to you thanks what oh my god oh
my gosh
butter butter to me yeah yeah but apart
in the air
