you
what everyone it's your girl superwoman
welcome to ask superwoman a monthly show
in which a complete random who knows
nothing about anything answers your
relationship questions again this month
surprise surprise I've got hundreds and
hundreds of evils so many that I could
go like this for days and I still would
be able to tell you how many years I got
and I G I like it so much let's jump
right into it shall we
question number one okay so I met this
guy in November and we started talking
but he told me he has to get married to
a Mexican girl to get his green card
should I be okay with this should you be
okay with the guy you dating marrying a
Mexican girl to carry out illegal
actions hmm hmm well I guess if he needs
his green card
hope you guys are just talking no now
don't get me wrong I'm not being
insensitive to the fact that this guy
needs his green card but you know I'm
just thinking guessing I had you know a
hunch that this might be problematic in
the future I mean what happens to him
what happens to you what what happens to
the Mexican girl Yukie taco bet that's
the only Mexican I know this is where
there's ago any words on to the next
question I'm in love with the bollywood
actor Hrithik Roshan but he is married
and has kids which really depresses me
what do I do
just excuse me one second sorry yeah mom
you're right I think I want to start
making YouTube videos but you telling me
who the grocer is married with kids are
not with you
that's selfish bastard but you know what
just tell Justin Bieber to throw in some
pink tights going extra thumb and I'm
sure he'll be gone I was like baby baby
baby Gina some things I'm P waiting
order to give this questions with my
life above I don't know I'm just curious
what is your take on guys who have feet
fetish I don't but some of my friends do
and they're afraid to tell their
girlfriends
despite their girlfriends having nice
feet due to pedicures well that's just
deaf and weird I mean if you find a girl
that's down and you're down you to do
your thing
I mean I'm no one to judge you live
happily ever after in footlocker but to
me personally I don't want to have my
first date and although so yeah
to me that's effing weird because feet
are for walking and running if I had to
buy sexy lacy socks to turn a man on the
end baby hi saboom hello there
my question is how do you get over guys
like this Oh
once upon a time someone broke your
heart you cried you watched volumen
movies you hated every couple you saw
you listen to Adele like it was your job
time passes you heal yourself you loved
yourself you rebuild your carpets and
then you find someone harder than the
person who broke your heart in the first
place
true story bro what up t-shirt reference
I'm 25 years old going back to school to
do my MA my parents want me to get
married but I am gay this culture and
being a lesbian tears me apart every day
I respect my parents and would do what I
can for them but when it comes to
following my heart it is something I
have to do am i selfish you know
honestly every month I get dozens and
dozens of questions just like this and
honestly on that note people people
society especially brown people you need
to get over the whole gay thing okay I
mean it's 2012
Ellen is gay Rosie O'Donnell this game
or the guys from NSYNC is gay forget the
guy from How I Met Your Mother is gay
Kingsley's gay people are gay get over
it
I mean I personally don't give a flying
fuck Gio who someone likes I don't know
why you do I mean what don't you have
things to do in your life I'm too busy I
can't concern myself with who someone
like I'm really trying to you know not
be homeless trying to think of my next
YouTube video trying to live my life
trying to figure out the new Facebook
lay up I'm here trying to win Temple Run
I don't have time to care about who a
and B like my business I'm just just
mugged
I just mind but just mind your business
I love your business hugs and kisses for
whoever got that Fresh Prince reference
papers magically becky
next question you got swag BAE but by
the way I like your hair oh thanks for
the question next question I'm a white
girl dating Indian any advice to help me
to understand him a little bit more well
indeed he do his parents will likely
hate you you need to deal with that for
a bit you better bet your fennel sticks
that every time you go out he's gonna be
drinking Crown Royal mixed with water -
sir let me tell you right now in our
culture our families never go away ever
they will be there for ever and ever in
your business in your house on your
college haft already there is gonna be
one of these in his watch me and I was
type of a question of the month the quam
my question is I'm a single mom of three
boys girl-power my soon-to-be ex-husband
cheated and I had a baby with another
our babies are four months apart I left
him and now he is only a good dad when
he thinks we're gonna get back together
how do I tell him that we will never be
together without him leaving my kids
without father that is some deep deep
stuff what do you guys think comment
below give your feedback what would you
do in the situation what advice can you
give this super woman of a single mother
my personal advice as hard as it is
gonna be for child must have a father
child is still relatively young so if
you were to meet someone new I managed
to get remarried it wouldn't be as
detrimental as
doing that later on in the kids life
where they're actually aware of what's
happening and I said that I don't think
you want a father to your children to be
a douche bag and only be a father when
it's convenient for him you know in the
long run I'm gonna be hard now I think
be more beneficial to have someone who
is gonna be a good dad regardless of ups
and downs that's my two cents sister and
tell me what you think comment below and
that is it for episode 3 of ask Superman
if you want me to answer your beautiful
sexy question this is a thing I do email
right here ask superwoman at gmail.com
please keep them short and simple I say
this every month and I always get a
novel I think next at 19 next month I'm
gonna just show you screenshots of
people's novels act I can't do it I'm
sorry can and make sure you rate comment
and subscribe if you haven't subscribed
me yet honestly I straighten my hair I
do what
make up I got a new t-shirt every video
I try to make a laugh just hit a yellow
but actually it's not yellow anymore as
you've pointed out it's great I think
somewhere here just hit the subscribe
button like this comment share do all
that good stuff thank you once again for
asking Superman I will see you on June
14th that's all rap superwoman you also
have a good day okay
