what if everyone's a girl superwoman so
I told you guys in my last vlog I would
be doing a response to the video brands
and problems I know a lot of people have
already done the responses and I don't
know I hope it's not overkill but I
really felt it was important for me to
get my response out there now if you
have no zip zero idea what I'm talking
about where have you been the link is in
the description now if you know anything
about me if you never watch my videos
before or if you even know me personally
you know I'm not about to make a video
bashing the girl I'm not about to make
fun of her I'm not gonna make fun of the
way she looks and not about bashing and
hating on people no matter what mistakes
they make so if you're expecting that
I'm sorry it's not the video for you now
you know I'm a very one love one heart
one race type of person and you know
somehow I'm gonna make a rainbow
sunshine response to this but that's
just how I am and I guess I just want to
show you guys a different perspective um
but before I do so I do want to say when
I first watched a video obviously I was
enraged I'm sure anyone whose skin is
browner you probably not it's not even a
brownish more of a human issues I'm sure
anyone watching the video would be very
angry by do I think she's very ignorant
yes definitely do I think it was very
stupid of her to do definitely we're
people totally justified to lose their
mind and get angry definitely I want to
get that out there because I don't want
to seem like I'm justifying her actions
I'm not justifying her actions
disclaimer I'm not justifying her
actions but I do kind of want to talk
about the response the video gone how
people reacted to it I start with a
little short story shall we imagine
there was a guy named ball and then
there was a guy named Joe so there's Bob
and there's Joe I don't know I had to
pick easy names I'm not being racist so
Bob and Joe let's say Bob gets pissed
off when Dave's doors a fireball towards
Joe now Joe has one minute and 50
seconds before this fireball hits his
face and destroys his world the sad
thing about today what bothers me is
that most of the world they were
standing the position of Joe they would
stare there and glare and get very upset
for that one minute and 50 seconds and
their response would probably be to take
a fireball and throw it back and you
know what happens in the end a fireball
with a fireball Bob and Joe both burn to
death
because you cannot fight fire with fire
now I pray for a day wherein that one
minute and 50 seconds by the way that
was the length of the video 1 minute and
50 seconds people
they took in what was being said in not
actual impossibly yes like I'm saying
you totally justified to be upset but
really got to me is that when people
were responding to the video saying
you're a slut
this girl's a whore I'm gonna kill this
girl go kill yourself my question to you
is she is targeting a group of people
making racist comments how was calling
her a slut or a whore or telling her to
kill herself relevant to the point she's
making in her video all I'm trying to
say is to all people that were offended
by the video you are smarter and more
intelligent than to just respond by
saying slut swear word swear words swear
word go die
I feel responses that are intellectual
and thoroughly thought of targeting what
she's saying the video would have
contributed to a way better solution I
mean again I'm not justifying her but
think about it she's a 16 year old girl
okay she's in high school
clearly she's not culturally aware so I
personally feel our response such as
this would have gone way further it's
really sad to see that in such a
multicultural country such as Canada
that there are people that are still so
culturally unaware the turban is
actually a symbol of respect strength
and unity and it's unfortunate to see
that so many people are still so heavily
impacted by the media to think that is
associated with terrorism the responses
like that just have so much more impact
again not justifying her but at the end
of the day we all do make mistakes and
fortunately there's a 16 year old girl
who's very confused obviously I heard
that she's also going through counseling
right now you know her dad made a public
apology she also wants to make an
apology but right now is not the right
time she feels that she made a mistake
yes a huge mistake to publicly say you
think brown people are terrorists in the
terminal finish yeah it's a big yucky
mess for sure all I'm trying to say is
to smile when they least expect it when
you are enraged and you are angry in
moments like that that test your
integrity if you can take something in
be so enraged but still produce an
intellectual intelligent and thoroughly
thought out response that my friend is
true character and I'm not taking away
from anyone who responded you know I'm
not pointing fingers at you at all
everyone reacts to things differently
again it's just my own opinion and
you're totally entitled to your own I'm
not telling anyone what to do them to
tell you my personal response I know a
lot of people calling her a white racist
BB B the same time I personally I don't
want to use the word
white in the title because that's just
seeing her for her skin color and I was
to do that then my name would be Kyla
you're better than that
lastly although I don't personally know
her at all I have no association sure
but just as a one-race on behalf of
another human being I would like to
apologize to all people who were
offended because it's a terrible thing
to feel particularly just skin was brown
my braid is for you dedicated to you I
also want to give a huge shout out and
apologize on behalf of her to all people
who do wear a turban I won't let you
know that I personally think that people
who wear turbans are just so strong
especially in a day and age such as
today where there's just so many
challenges associated with wearing a
turban I think it's totally awesome I
think it's a symbol of strength more
power to you and hey just to be a little
more lighthearted I want to say I think
turbans are mad ah yeah if you have a
turban if you have turbans way you can
howl at me any day so I just pray that
the next time bob was a bob or was a Joe
I don't remember whichever one is the
fire ball thrower throws a fire ball to
in that one minute in 50 seconds you
pull out a shield and you pull armor as
opposed to throwing that fire ball back
and you may be asking what if you don't
have a shield what if you don't have
armor no my friend you are wrong because
the best shield I know is right here not
my hat my brain pointing to my brain
yeah that was my response to hoping it
offend everyone you're all beautiful
regardless of skin color I don't even
notice skin colour to Gardens I think
cultures are all great for sure they
make the human race more flavorful but
at the end of the day we're just all
human and we're just all beautiful and
sexy and we should all be Firenze have
an awesome day if you like this video
rate comment and click that subscribe
button okay guys that's a wrap
superwoman
have a splendid day cheerio
