I have a tail whatever went to girls
superwoman and let me just preface this
video by saying I love my body I'm proud
of my body I love every curved and flat
place and pimple and stretch mark and
bruise on my body but sometimes my body
is F let's talk about it number one my
hips do lie pacifically when I'm
shopping for jeans because here's the
thing about my lower body right my hips
are wide and my thighs are thick my
waist is not as wide on my calves aren't
that thick so I basically needs like one
pair of jeans and another pair of jeans
cut in half and then sewn together you
know I need to look like basically have
a scarecrows outfit full of patches
because no pair of jeans fits me I
sorted everything below my waist is a
struggle okay because in my life I'm
constantly constantly thinking of three
things I'm thinking okay number one is
my phone in my pocket number two is
there a mother effing spider near me
number three do I have a gene penis
right now
because a hundred percent of the time I
sit down I have an artificial gene penis
it's literally the fastest and cheapest
sex change
Justin Jessica Justin Jessica here's the
thing about my body in jeans okay my gut
doesn't fit into my tight jeans so it's
hanging over the edge and that button a
god bless that button a God knows it's
triangle Big Ups to that button because
it has a rough job I don't know how to
hold all of that ish in suck and that
button is a real one I'm just saying
that buns probably up is therapy just
like I don't she just keeps eating like
a little Hawks is moving the bun just
keeps eating like a little oh I just
feel like I have the weight of the
entire world on my shoulders Wow okay
it's not my father I'm just forever
hungry what up t-shirt reference and
also I don't that buttons talking about
my liver genes it just looks like I
crapped my pants because now the butt
area is too big cuz there's too much
space in it why does my butt can't fit
all that space I don't do squats okay I
have my average butt cheeks they not
much junk in my trunk
so really the struggle is that I gotta
feel all of this into my G my liver my
uterus my intestines are scramming in
these jeans just like this in my G
behave toward I can't even part what I'm
wearing tight jeans that cuz there's
nowhere for that air to go just this is
my butt you surfing mmm stop do not pass
go do not collect $200 you stay in the
booty hold this I can it's a struggle so
that's to say whenever my apes are in
jeans I can't even pay attention to
anything else okay I am consumed by
making sure my jeans look proper so I'm
not even listening to what you're saying
I don't think it's working out I just
don't have feelings for you I hope you
can't tell my gut is hanging over my
jeans wait is my Superdome oh I better
cover my Jean penis with my shirt sorry
what on let me to number two
eyebrows every morning when I'm doing my
makeup I shaped my eyebrows with my
little brush and I filled them in
approximately 20 minutes later and
beyond my eyebrows will proceed to do
whatever the ass they want I can imagine
it's like being a parent and you put all
this time and energy and money into
making sure their child gets raised
right it becomes a beautiful human being
and then they end up being a mother
effin serial killer anyways that's my
eyebrows just like whole I got the right
color feeling for you I even got some
eyebrows yeah I have this special little
brush so call me and you still gonna
betray me like that so come lunch time I
look in the mirror and straight up my
eyebrows are just drooping they look
discouraged I don't even get how this
been like how are you defying gravity
and going downwards is this wicked the
play is it the cue in which Colleen
changes into Miranda and it's a problem
you know why because I could be
confident as health of my eyebrows
straight up look like victims my rows
are that girls in the club crying inside
the washing where you just need to let
girl listen to me okay you need to get
it together you don't gotta be like this
pick up your heels get up off the floor
take that stupid talk not out your hair
and get back out there that is me to my
eyebrows my eyebrows always look like
they just found out Trump is president
just like you what do you mean and
because they look so sad I noticed that
when I brush them and fix them 100 times
a day
I literally give them a pep talk y'all
out here acting like you're depressed
widows okay
looking like we just watched a Fault in
Our Stars it's not that serious we're
not sad we're at a birthday party okay
get it together you're better than this
number three ashy elbows my elbows look
like someone just made smores on them
like two minicamp
fires took place on my body no matter
how much moisturizer I put on my elbows
they look ashy dark and dry no matter
what yeah sorry to interrupt the
Simpsons are on the phone they want to
know if your right elbow could fill in
for Krusty the Klown this Tuesday shut
up zoom in Lily no go straight up if I
elbow you in the face you wouldn't just
have a bruise okay you would be
exfoliated which is why I started to use
these home remedies girls I know you can
relate go online to read some magazine
and they have all these home remedies or
the random ingredients you were sitting
there and you were telling me that you
have not once tried a home remedy to
improve some part your body
yeah lying the ingredients are so random
but here's the thing I trust them
blindly I'm like oh these random
household items that contain lots of
chemicals sounds great so I'm just
sitting in my kitchen like little bit of
honey - pineapple
a little bit of toothpaste like how do
these ingredients make any sense they
don't I remember one time with a baking
soda and I'm like how could baking soda
improve this actually baking soda
produces dark circles word - a baking
soda baking soda I got baking soda I
remember one time this home remedy was
like oh you want to reduce dark circles
kind of potato in half and rub it
against the area it's almost like I
didn't see any results but you I had a
lot of hashbrowns number four baby aka
the bane of my existence these little
fetus hairs on my head that want to grow
in the exact opposite direction of
everything else they took all the rest
of your hair is doing this let me just
do this any the enemies go everywhere
and just make sure Lily doesn't get a
boyfriend let me just make sure she has
no friends she never takes a nice bitch
I'm just gonna have you walk around
looking like Satan
hi thank you so much for taking this
meeting the power of Christ I always
have baby hairs on either side of my
head all the time my back up occupation
is that goddamn rodeo bull you're the
one that you put a quarter in do you
have to ride that's my backup plan
mmm yeah then you'll start getting some
action I'm gonna actually a bloody fist
and then on my forehead Jordan get me
started I put my hair in a ponytail and
my baby hairs here we'll just be like
look like a peacock like that dinosaur
from Jurassic Park that is my baby hair
in the wind and I know what people who
don't have baby here are gonna say they
like
Gillette or use hairspray no yelling
baby hair makes the situation so much
worse cuz then you're just gonna be
walkin around like a mother effin hazard
because your hair just gonna be taking
people's eye out
no but I swear to god this should be an
inspirational quote but be as Brazilian
as your mother effing baby hairs that is
the quote because I could literally take
wooden planks and nail them to my head
and still my baby here would be like hey
then what do you do what do you do
obviously you do stupid things like mean
you cut it bus fuelling the downward
spiral
number five leg hair here's the thing
about shaving I'm not good at it like I
don't have patience for that nonsense so
very often I'll shave my legs no wear
shorts and I'll realize that I actually
missed an entire section of my leg like
a legit patch or better yet like a
script down my leg that is hairy as if
my leg was the set of a movie premiere
and they just rolled out the carpet okay
here's the thing though I always feel
like I notice but I don't think anyone
else notices yeah no no we all know this
we call you leg mohawk and one time I
got caught in this scenario with a patch
of leg hair and I had to play it off Oh
baby I missed you so much oh oh no I
just want to give you options you know
in case you were into that because I
know you like puppies right just like 9
no I'm not bad at shaving no holy I was
just trying to be considerate in case
you had some like weird kinky thing
going on the body struggles are real and
we all have them so honestly who cares
you're beautiful love yourself live your
life wait before we go to the endcard I
want to tell you did you know I post the
bloopers for my videos on this main
channel now so 10 minutes after this
video comes out there will be bloopers
in the description and at the end car
check them out because they usually
hilarious all 100% of the time they're
usually absolutely crucial for your
happiness and semester the end card
thing no no did you like that video well
then why don't you watch some more like
this video by clicking right over there
you watch the bloopers for this video by
clicking there and make sure you put
that little bell to be notified when I
upload because you
left behind I make new videos every
Monday and Thursday one love superwoman
that is a wrap end
