hello and welcome to ask superwoman a
monthly show in which you ask a random
no one who knows nothing about anything
for relationship advice this month again
I got hundreds and hundreds of questions
but just leaves me to ask one thing
what's wrong with you I know nothing
let's get into it shall we
I'm 16 and I'm with a 22 year old guy
hey dude I'm 16 and I'm with a 22 year
old guy he hasn't done anything for me
not to trust him but my intuition tells
me he's unfaithful I don't want to
confront him without any evidence but I
feel like I can't love him until I know
if I'm the only one what do I do I'm not
gonna lie
I'm really tempted to put the kids help
phone number right here can I be honest
your situation scares the F out of me
when sweetheart you take cootie shots he
takes tequila shots
you play see see my playmate and he cc's
that blamin in your spare time you
probably play handball and he plays well
see you see you go don't be offended I'm
not calling you a kid but really we
evaluate this relationship and if your
intuition gives you a sign listen to it
it's there for a reason
aka I've been with my boyfriend for
about a month now and I've known him for
two months overall however last week I
found out through a common friend that
his older brother is a player aka
male whore etc does that mean my
boyfriend could have a shady character
too what do you suggest I do about the
situation my friend has Zack & Cody
taught you nothing if you like the guy I
suggest you give him the benefit of the
doubt because you know what you can't
penalize a guy for his brother being a
douche bag I mean we're like scar and
Mufasa brothers I don't know were they I
can't but morally I think I think they
were I don't know you wanna watch the
movie it hurts
hakuna matata hakuna matata hakuna but
fat what age should someone give up and
get an arranged marriage marrying
someone my parents choose based on their
edge
income religion etc seems a bit shallow
but at least I will end up with someone
who will use me for my looks brackets I
am gorgeous you must be really modest
personally I don't think anyone should
give up and then choose an arranged
marriage like I have nothing against
arranged marriage but as long as you're
content with that decision but don't
give up and then settle for an arranged
marriage that's just black sauce if
you're gonna be any kind of sauce you
should be awesome sauce and that may
mean that you will have to go through a
few sweet and sour sauces and Mac sauces
soon I did their math cause in fact
daddy's sauce Big Mac sauce you know you
know you know what I did what up sauce
reference Oh
broke my boob don't give up don't settle
because when you find that person even
if it takes a long time in yours you can
go gat damn you were worth the wait
cuz you damn fine hi Lily hi I saw my
boyfriend making out with my best friend
and now I don't know how to break up
with him help you know I think I'm gonna
let Nicki Minaj take this one
okay but really though ask him if he
wants to see a magic trick
what a previous video reference girl
really he made out with your best friend
you need to do two things right now
number one hey boyfriend I was thinking
you saw these deuces number two hey
bestie you know no honestly I know what
happened I'm not mad if anything I think
you're really sweet that you're with him
even though he has herpes and you handle
it I go goes what up t-shirt reference
swag
I've been having issues with my man
lately who doesn't I like to keep
everything simple and the type of person
is not a big fan of kissing etc other
stuff I'm afraid it might lead to
certain things I'm not ready for it but
my boyfriend doesn't understand that
blames me says I'm not a girl and other
hurtful things I feel you should
understand me yada-yada yada-yada AKA
she doesn't wander the boogity boogity
he wants to do the boogie woogie he's
all that yoga the boogie woogie she's
like now I'm not ready to boogie we do
it well let me ask you sweetheart do you
eat chicken if it's raw no why because
if it's not ready
it'll make you throw up now should you
have sex if you're not ready no why
same reason people of the world if
you're not ready to get jiggy with it
just say nein nein and then a penis how
do I do it and if the person you're with
cannot understand that tell them to
relax their hormones I get with someone
else they should understand what do you
feel comfortable with there's nothing
wrong with you don't need to change
yourself you don't need to improve
yourself you are perfect just the way
you are
don't let them sexually frustrated
douche bag tell you otherwise just bleh
yo I want a rope waiting more questions
I recently had my friend over and we
slept together since then we've been
talking about maybe doing it again and I
want to but he doesn't want a girlfriend
and I like having him as a friend even
though we both have strong physical
attraction does this make me a bad
person for wanting to maintain a friend
with benefits type of relationship first
off sister I believe in zero judgement
so you do whatever the f floats your
boat as long as you float that boat safe
and it's not
and you don't drown and dad I don't cur
but have you not seen friends with
benefits have you not seen no strings
attached because chances are one of you
will fall for the other and then two
things will happen one they'll get
married and live happily ever after
- you'll hate each other and never talk
again so hey no pressure
hey super omen was it I like this guy
and she hates me
CAPITAL LETTERS exclamation point like a
lot and insults me what do I do
let's find X should be pussy Sufi to
carry the two then we add a backbone
subtract pain and suffering I'm sorry I
can't seem to figure out why he's not
your ex crush sweetheart if he insults
you a lot and he hates you and he makes
you feel like crap stop liking him make
that parabola a happy one I haven't
agreed
Edgar psychology Oh makes it rain one
piece of paper
no my man baby but next question why are
beep words so cray I think by that beep
word your meaning women ladies that's
inappropriate my friend why are girls
credible let me answer that question
with the question I received right after
that man writes to me why Wan boom ting
I'm from Britain and I have a six-pack
and lots of money will you marry me
Lowell I'm not a big fan thanks but I
think you're gorgeous and so funny I'd
come to see you but you're in Canada now
get stopped in customs because I have
criminal convictions for kidnap and
assault
sad face so I guess we'll chat online
only unless you want to come check in
here
holla back dawg I think it's safe to say
that everyone is cray all right let's
get to the question of the month the q
om Guam I'm 23 and my boyfriend and I
have been together for five years we've
been talking about getting married for a
while now however we're both of
different religions he is Muslim and I'm
sick neither of our families know of us
being together and they wouldn't approve
of it but we know the truth needs to
come out soon I love my boyfriend but I
want to please my family and how
gonna be happy as well what should I do
I tell you this is the most common
question I receive about religion but
comment below what would you do if you
were veer Zaara in this year to daughter
situation would you be with you nor
would you listen to VG lastly a lot of
people have been asking me about careers
and school like doctors and lawyers and
becoming those things and I make youtube
videos why do you think I know these
things but sure enough superwoman to the
rescue quickie dink actually did care
about something recent for all aspiring
doctors there's actually a new school
opening up in Canada that prevents you
from having to go abroad for so many
years they're opening a certified school
in the Greater Toronto Area that will
help you achieve your MD and out of
rubra and you aspiring doctors that are
interested just send me an email tell
you more about it ask superwoman at
gmail.com OOP having said that if you
want me to answer your beautiful
question in this useless work with what
entertaining video sending email right
the same place we don't we keep it
simple ask super Owen at gmail.com
please keep them short and sweet I'm
trying to read a novel and that's it for
this month I will see you on the 14th of
next month which is Jennifer every March
8th May May 14th rate comment subscribe
and don't forget I love you like a bow
