so my last video sucked last few videos
have sucked and you didn't like it
we freaking threw eggs at it this light
bar looks like an effing lightsaber
madam TV which was the guy in the video
posted the exact same video on his
channel and his fans loved it but y'all
y'all just ripped my cookie apart so f
that video
f those ideas the fans have spoken and
it's sunny is F outside welcome to shady
moments not about where you live but in
Toronto it is F in summer outside it is
in love summer I like if I had to write
a bio for shaadi.com which let's be real
look at me
it's probably my only chance I would
write like Punjabi 23 female who dresses
like male F in love summer gets turned
on by the sound of ice cream truck
now click that thumbs up button if you
are over the age of 12 and you still run
like an epic douchebag everytime you
hear that sound
I'm 23 I'll be running through busy
intersections risking my life for that
friggin vanilla chocolate cone didn't do
didn't today today back in my day we
don't really have the ice cream shop me
had something called the dick ID yes
the Ditka D he was a man a little man
who wrote on a bicycle one good evening
I bought popsicles from the dick Eddie
it's like porn for Willy Wonka ba-doom
ba-doom / T to Ditka D man has popsicles
for you but let's just be real the best
thing about summer ladies is the
shopping it's time to put a down dress
code into the closet and bring out the
inner Brianna you know what I'm talking
about time to go to Walmart and buy that
Venus razor kit for $9.99 you know
what's up on that note hi hello hello
shopping stores malls whatever the F of
2012 let's have a word how is it that I
can go into your store and literally
purchase goods with like credit card
debit American Express MasterCard Visa I
can probably frickin give you a lap
dance to purchase a dress girl you fancy
huh are you fancy you fan why the F can
you now put a mirror
in your damn change room I'm sorry
doesn't look like I go shopping all
shaved lotion and ready to expose myself
to them all no why because I'm hella
hairy the only difference between me and
a magic carpet at the end of winter is
on fatter and unfortunately Aladdin is
not on top of me and I'm not a white
girl if I haven't shaved I haven't
shaved it's a problem I'm not trying on
a dress that has extract your lace here
friggin don't even know what at this
party I could walk into that change room
and my butt cheek could very well be
hanging out the back and I wouldn't even
know and then the sales associate
sweetie I get it I used to work in
retail I know there's Commission I know
you got to keep your staff looking good
but I do not have half an effing brain I
can remember your name girlfriend hi
welcome to forever 21 my name is Jessica
can I help you with anything no I'm good
thanks initiate fake phone call okay
just don't you know we have a
two-for-one offer right now my name is
Jessica hi did you want me to start a
change room for you okay great my name
is Jessica is just gonna be right over
there how many items three okay perfect
my name is Jessica let me know if you
need anything
and then when clothes look so effing
sexy on the mannequin and you tried on
and it's just straight natural disaster
have you ever just straight-up gotten
stuck in like a top hmm how's everything
going in there I'm good thanks okay
loudly well my name is Jessica let me
know if you need another size just
straight potatoes way
yeah I'm fine no I don't need another
size what I need is one less arm to fit
in this catastrophe that is a shirt and
then when you see outfit but you're not
really sure if it's nice or friggin
horrendous and you want to ask a friend
but you're a loner and you have no
friends so you want to show them a
picture but you'll want to publicly take
a picture of it so let me pretend to
text and then take a picture of it oh
yeah oh yeah
okay I'm gonna text you Reina okay go no
what you think you is fugly try on like
50 things only two things fit you cry
about your life go to pay for them okay
was anyone helping you today yup
Rebecca hey y'all I hope
return of shaky moments on last few
videos I was experimenting a few
different things I appreciate your
patience while I was trying to do
artistic and stuff somebody liked it
some you didn't the video I posted
yesterday y'all hated it freakin hated
it so much I was gonna take it down but
then I'm like no top put it sweet very
much fun and all with it it's right here
go ahead click it um go ahead and put a
hate comment on that everyone hates it
you can go ahead and just thumbs that
down put a head comment but you'll just
make it creative make it a good-good
hate comment and I sound I also make a
new blog long it's right there it's on a
much much needed serious topic up good
to be in love versus forget enough some
light so make sure you check that out
I'm do that rate comment subscribe bang
and you know if you like the shitty
movements the best way to let me know is
to make that view count over there go
off subscribe thumbs up is only way I'm
gonna no um I just want to make y'all
happy make my fans happy with you guys
like thank you so much for the criticism
honest it only makes me better because
y'all it's all about love I love you all
mom hope you enjoyed it
have an awesome day you're beautiful I
love you okay that's me okay bye
