hello and welcome to ask super Owen a
monthly show in which a complete Randall
who knows nothing about relationships
answers your relationship questions you
might be asking who that F in the right
mind would ask Suppan for relationship
advice when clearly she's a failure 442
people would that's right this month I
got a whopping 442 questions so if I
didn't answer your question Sally let's
jump right in my girlfriend in me had
sex last night okay and after she wanted
me to let her hair down so she tied it
in a bun and told me to let it down I
got all scared and told her I had to go
home how do you let a girl's hair down
from a bun well first of all girl if
you're watching this clearly this is
such a specific story and you know it's
for you so hey how you doing superwoman
I'm gonna teach your boyfriend how to
let your hair down after you're done
doing the boogie woogie to be honest
that's kinda awkward I mean depending on
how she actually ties her button it
could be really hard to let it down for
example yeah you'd have a better chance
solving a Rubik's Cube to turn me on the
dating the bad boy down it's really just
about taking off the hair tie
demonstration time hair tie who woulda
thunk it but honestly it really depends
on how she ties her buns vo I wouldn't
worry too much cuz clearly she likes
yours hi hi I think my best guy friend
likes me but I don't like him back how
do I confirmed that he likes me and how
should I deal with it okay if they're 12
years old get your cootie shot ASAP if
you're older you should be able to have
a mature conversation and just be honest
and yeah it's probably gonna be really
awkward but you know what I say well
there's an awkward situation you solved
that situation by making it more awkward
yo Bo
do you like me you know like you're
right you're from don't do it don't do
it because if you like me wrong did you
like do you like me rope rope you like
you don't know don't it
what do you do with the feelings for the
other person are gone but he has
feelings for you what do you do if you
find out you're the rebound girl but you
have feelings for him uh yeah step one
get off the set of Jersey Shore I'm 16
years old and I've never had a boyfriend
before is something wrong with me oh no
nothing is wrong with you anything
you're normal and not a hot FMS be proud
pat on back patting people on the back
what do you do what a person you love
says you mean the world to them but then
later you find out they're dating
someone else if it was like that you
imagine me in the world to me oh you
mean the world to me a daps hugs prop
finish then you shouldn't be mad was
probably just a compliment but it was
like baby you mean the world to me and
he's dating someone else yeah a douche
duffel bag dispose immediately don't
even recycle that just straight
Greenberg decompose why are some girls
so dramatic in relationships especially
knowing that guys don't prefer a girl
drama it just pushes them away when you
overreact about something that God used
as no big deal might as well be more
calm about it
what the hell do you make picture this
if it's the last 10 seconds of the NBA
Finals and both teams are tied and
you're watching with all your friends
and I come and switch the channel to
Gossip Girl to me that might not be a
big deal calm prende why do men find
lesbians attractive or is that just a
myth because they're lazy I mean if they
can get turned on and sexually aroused
without you an exerting and physical
effort go them and this is the math of
boys like girls one girl is like wicked
but two girls is like dude you wouldn't
Beckham my question is what do you
suggest when someone's been heartbroken
so many times they've now lost faith in
relationships and the opposite sex it's
happened to me a few times and I hate
how it makes me feel okay well here's
your paperwork your ID tag and your
t-shirt welcome to the club don't worry
sweetheart love wouldn't feel so good if
you didn't get your heart broken a few
times you all have to go through jerks
male and female to find that one Ross no
one would just suck with Reese's
buttercups taste so good if you don't
eat a few nasty tootsie rolls in your
life soup woman do you see a trend in a
lot of teens
with each other before marriage I'm a
male and I choose to save myself because
it's something I want to share with my
wife but am i naive to expect the same
in return I know I see this happening
frequently and I wanted to know your
take on it well first of all you to
contact the nearest sube cuz you my
friend are about to be extinct I think
your knife hell no but I think people
who kind of take it more casually are
wrong hell no I mean that's your call
not with or against it it's genuinely
your call and no one should judge you
based on that call and sweetheart if you
want to wait it out I'm sure there's
many girls out there that would admire
that and in fact think just like you so
just keep looking you are F&Q word how
do I get a guy to ask me to prom not
that be yourself be s please give me
some real effective advice can I can I
be real the guys in your school probably
haven't hit puberty yet they're probably
confused about their emotions and
feelings I probably trying to shave work
out and like grow Chester at the same
time so help them out just ask one of
them the worst that will happen is he
will say no and then on to the next one
it's just prom shaadi.com sweetheart
knows that was up what's up yeah you
won't do that prom thing I proud that
problem saying you want your won't you
won't do that thing he said if you like
a guy and he says he doesn't like you
but kisses you anyways does that mean he
might like you a bit or is the whole
situation just stupid that means he's a
guy and you my friend you to check
yourself before you wreck yourself what
up t-shirt reference would you ever want
to be with a guy from the UK um yes yeah
mmm tell you hell yeah yeah effing yes
my boyfriend broke up with me today over
text that said want to see a magic trick
poof you're single what should I do now
um yeah buy a grenade and throw it at
his lungs kidding no not really
I'm not I'm not kidding I mean unless
he's Bruno Mars that's gotta hurt I just
ease a joke he's not a man he's a boy
you'd want to be with someone like that
anyways I mean you probably want a guy
with balls anyways hi superwoman hello
I've been dating this guy for about a
year and it's long-distance since I'm in
the US and he's in India lately he's
been missing for long periods of time
without contacting me at all what does
this mean sweetie I wouldn't worry you
probably doesn't have electricity I'm 14
years old not in a relationship but I
really like
sky is my age and I knew him ever since
we were little kids sweetie you're still
a little kid whatever it is pieces out
at recess
I'm kidding if you like can write them a
note that says do you like me yes or no
circle one why do we as girls fall to
the douchebags and neglect the nice guys
who are head-over-heels for us because
we're crazy and self-destructive come on
all right the question of the month is
for you guys to answer I want to know
your opinion on this 31 years old smart
funny good-looking guy great career in
the City of London UK head in a
long-term relationship with an equally
smart funny good-looking girl both
Indian both sick very much in love
looking forward to a happy life together
guy gets in an accident which leaves him
paralyzed from the waist down
however maintains a positive outlook on
his life however girl's parents refuse
to give the relationship their blessing
and she dumps him over phone text after
four years she says that she'll always
love him but cannot lose those precious
to her guys broken physically and
mentally but persevere with his life as
best as he can and is wondering if he'll
ever meet a partner from his own ethnic
background without suffering further
heartbreak and Prejudice what you guys
take on that ladies would you be with
this guy what did you do with this guy
comment below and let me know this show
will air on the 14th of every single
month and if you want me to answer your
question this is what you got to do
email me right here I asked sue Bowman
at gmail.com please no it's superwoman
and a n not Ian just know your role
check yourself before you wreck yourself
again t-shirt reference number two and
please keep it about relationships and
love the hell don't be asking me random
crap this ain't the Magic School Bus
full head of meta squirrels I like a
turban that's a wrap thanks so much for
asking superwoman see you next month
