getting rid of school get rick's school
what a wonderful day I think morning
don't check that girl all right look
good on your knees Inge what did you say
to me ch2 cut look at this girl get your
head
thank you our fixer hat what's your
problem I bottoms you out know who you
are
button like you who do you think you are
man
and my money
looking for
everything
looking forward to my next phase
so you want that I can't dance
funny
boo pika no I hate this place oh you're
so using same moves from last night
leave me alone I can take my girl the
battle me you're on but I get a guy
staring at myself I got my hellos done
who's this kind of machete I heard you
got a problem I know just who can help
you Sony Open Akio fine thing I'll try
to wait to meet him what you expect me
to meet up with some random guy who'll
just calls me with an accent saying to
meet him in some dark alleyway because
he can help me with my problems hey okay
cool
hey pooja fianc√©e a guy's eye for
jumpinjammerz will help me believe only
one level in it but never live a level
you do that you're gonna change all the
light over the house changing I already
change that one
but listen you need to change please oh
fuck thank you please teach me how to do
foie gras fucking about now and then
going to pack all the dogs in the area
I'm not learning and teach me something
you're never gonna learn
fuck this girl you're a very pretty girl
you're gonna go very far okay superwoman
well she won cleaning I was just joking
you never gonna learn
oh my god
angry angry angry angry Nakhla ah
ah
Michelle is our casino parties parking
what an lnb you Pataki what down the
chat is obviously the bad boy Sparky
thought it on if I forget you they are
you didn't finish the routine yo guys
she's gonna miss her team she did it
finish this routine my loser what's up
Hey
you
I want your girl Superman and sis
panjabi MC thank you so much for helping
me up
make sure you rate comment and subscribe
there's been a tough super woman here in
the big CEO will be senior villains I'm
saying she lit away from Toronto but
check out the lobbies big time so a big
up my neighbor done you know me can open
the place but yeah BMC Superman that's a
wrap thanks guys
are you happy are you happy now no real
talks guys I'm so sorry Clavel 12 took
so long clearly there were so many
scenes as you guys saw and just so many
elements had to go into which is why
took so long my humblest deepest
apologies to you please hit that like
button hit that subscribe button because
I took so much work and so much effort
so I hope you guys could see that much
do you guys want to see the blog or the
bloopers behind the scenes kind of
footage is click right here a box right
there bloopers blogging blogging
blogging blog with the p.m. also it's
your chance to meet and cpmc one more
time on the t-dog
for all ages you having all ages you
don't need to be 25 plus hey because
last time y'all were so upset click
right there to find out how you can be
jamming with panjabi MC and many other
awesome sauce people including hey me
too jams I'm hosting as for the 12
collabs with Christmas that's officially
a wrap until next December when the
clavos from hell will return and I will
go through the stress all over again
I love you guys so much it's gonna be an
awesome March
ciao
