what up everyone it's your girl
superwoman okay non-doctor superwoman
Wawa and Popcaan have you heard the news
no well let me be your cp24 it's four
more times York McMaster I see you baby
shake your hair Cooney boys girls a
month up buzz Muffy's mustards are the
new dance
I want to see you at Nuit Blanche this
Friday is a blush a blonde shade is it
nuit I'm not really sure but you best be
there where my blush get a my gosh Inger
my blush just because I'm hosting it in
the live region better not how Word
Alive
Oh booyah such emojis me Oh hells yeah
that's right me aka super one will be
hosting the TSA formal this Friday
February 17th for the Tamil students and
Punjabi I cannot wait to balle balle
balle balle balle balle balle balle
balle balle Oh put it up put it party
but this haha give it a Beyonce wine I
have been loved Tamil people non rambha
kaaba's mingle and stuff all of them all
of mingle and I have high expectations I
better see the followings at this forum
Oh at least one haircut that looks like
this I want to see an effing Picasso in
that haircut boy preferably a tiger so I
can say take it easy policy at least
three couples fighting are you know de
pel√≠cula de yada one swing go swing go
aunt guita non angry growl loser so that
I can say why this Ally this all I this
is got every D at the TSA formal there
will be not flop song and I demand at
least four guys when your Honda Civic
into the banquet hall and chop me like
this
oh yeah SELCO ah enough figura nah nah
simple ah in a style
ah it's a magical throaty and be
buddy-buddy care drop them something
something I want the parking lot to look
like F in Fast and Furious so make sure
you come to Nuit Blanche Blanche a
French word insert here this Friday
February 17th hey and look at me all the
way from Leicester be Pearson to Pearson
Convention Center information is in the
description right there I'll bet I got
your number check description ok sadi
see you Friday sandy bum peace san bye
Oh
