Catherine sixes or take one 5a1 Google
story when I used to work at Future Shop
which is a sister company the best
advice is how you saw Warren Buffet he
benefited ready for this connecting what
we would do is we would come from sad
and nowhere towards customers right I
don't know once I would take that hey so
this product has a 1-year manufacturer
warranty we did always like to save a
serving our customers if it came with no
warranty how was discounting tama√±o
this product and they be like Oh became
with no warranty without one year I
would want like 50 hours office
oh hey you value the one year 150
dollars that's great because we offer
two year warranty for $39.99 and you
your self if a scenario $50 so for
justice there's no fees a $39.99 I will
give you a two year product protection
pair right here both the typing in
manual way but sometimes you'll grow
back Commission for all I think she was
like again one more time without being a
bicycle kick
yes you're a mess we can do Who am I I'm
six weeks is it Colin Colin put them
running on the line down to the line but
it's like take my phone look this is
what everybody follow me
look at that damn monkey hold up oh oh
yeah oh look at that
Oh can I take five please oh now you
know when I see no sir - you know I mean
at home
