hi so what are you doing this Saturday
movies birthday ladies and keep studying
your wedding I'm wearing pink pants well
do you know what I'm doing this Saturday
that's where you can find me at not too
much this Saturday January 21st at six
degrees I mentioned panjabi MC is gonna
be there and if you don't know who that
is
please excuse me as I lift the rock off
of your head that you have been living
under practically the number one DJ
producer of the entire ponga galaxy of
all time
creator of Monday at the butt Cherokee
and KB where the boys featuring jay-z
create y'all balle balle balle balle
believer level Emily
well Emily Oh Jeff Erica Julianne Moore
and me bunny kid Marnie hey Monica
take my word for guys he's just as
awesome live it's something you don't
want to miss get your tickets in advance
limited time twenty dollars so to avoid
spending more money
WWH too much calm because then you're
gonna procrastinate another day if
you're gonna go and you guys change my
twenty dollars they're gonna be like no
it's more expensive in trading than hey
so to avoid saying hey buy our ticket in
advance and then you get the opportunity
to have a meet and greet with the Punjab
emcee the puja and ladies don't worry I
got you you know when you go to clubs
and you get chomped by a guy nothing
this guy's cute nothing I like this guy
how are you eighteen that's not gonna
happen
twenty-three plus four guys 21 plus four
ladies and the best part one to one girl
guy ratio will be enforced doctor I know
you like nuts but it's not gonna be a
cock fest so catch me superwoman and
panjabi MC this Saturday and that's too
much and although those two names do not
belong in the same sentence or League I
said it anyways
