so you're sitting there standing there
lying there watching this video and life
has beaten the crap out of you I'm
talking straight black eye status you're
crippled emotionally and mentally
scarred people have hurt you
it just happened you lost your boyfriend
you lost your girlfriend you lost your
job life has kicked you in the generals
over and over and over and over and you
just cannot take it you give up I get it
I do I know what that feels like and so
I'm here to tell you to get the hell
back up if you fall 899 times you get
back up 900 times
trust me I fought all the time I was
falling for most of my life if I fell on
Monday on Tuesday the Sun still rose and
if I fell on Wednesday on Thursday the
Sun still rose because you know why it
doesn't matter if you're miserable or
not the world doesn't care if you're in
a good mood or you're happy the Sun will
always still rise the next day and you
my friend will be left behind
so brother sister from the heart get
back up and do it for you let me tell
you what I mean by that if everyone went
out and tried to seek revenge on
everyone who hurt them the world would
be a hot mess
more so than it already is I woulda
killed Fido by now I would have been a
compulsive liar I definitely would have
bombed rim's headquarters I'd be a
player I'd be a crappy friend and I
would backstab people just for fun
straight fried in 13 status just yeah
but no because two wrongs do not make a
right and a lot of people ask me Lily is
the reason you work so hard and try to
succeed because you want to prove all
those people wrong all those people at
virtue and sin
couldn't do it do you wanna make them
feel stupid and my answer honestly
genuinely is no my success should not be
driven by the need to make other people
feel stupid
what would I accomplish by that which
won't my success is driven by the need
to prove myself wrong because back in
the day yes people did hurt me they hurt
me so bad trust me I know what that hurt
feels like but do I want to prove them
wrong
no I want to prove myself wrong because
for a moment I did feel worthless I did
feel like I wasn't good enough so I want
to prove that me wrong that's all Lilly
Lilly fu I will prove you wrong I need
to define my both by proving other
people wrong and neither do you
the vote keep in mind all the people
that hurt you to seek revenge on that no
just remember how they made you feel and
prove that wrong because you're better
than that
and if along the way a few people feel
dumb so be it so this is just my video
to tell you I know stuff happens like
people fall there's ups and downs you
might feel worthless pathetic right now
you may have given up but I'm here to
tell you to get back up and do it for
yourself and for all you people that are
gonna comment on this video saying oh my
god I wasn't even funny
you're right Congrats Einstein it's not
supposed to be funny because before an
entertainer I'm a real person
let's to keep it real so I just want to
say you're beautiful you can do it get
back up you you get back up and prove to
yourself that you are the best you are a
superhero you are damn fine if you like
this video make sure you rate comment
and subscribe the button is right there
that is my message to you but late this
month I'm coming to one of the following
places which is a good idea all right
guys this month you can find me in
I'm so oh hell yeah
and it no join me calm has invited me
toast capital fucking a competition this
January is taking place in the
Bloomsbury theatre in London if you want
more information how to buy tickets all
that jazz capital Thunder calm is
wearing it to go the link is right here
the competition itself is taking place
on the 28th but I will be there from the
25th to the 30th and I'm sure I'll be
doing quite a few meet-and-greet so I
will see you beautiful Londoners this
one I actually have a lot of events
lined up for this month next month next
month a lot on all the months to find
out where I'll be make sure you follow
my vlog channel the link button
something is right here I make vlogs
telling you where I'll be also make sure
you check me on Facebook triple w dot
facebook.com slash my Superman III same
with Twitter at guys to throw an eye I
follow me finally I'm gonna be come
shake my hands pull my hair picture you
know bbm pulls whatever thanks a lot
guys that's a wrap
don't forget you our beauty spot Daniel
you're like sicker than the guy with a
thing on his oil nerd swag
