you know as women are single for longer
periods of time you begin to go a bit
delusional and hella crave trust me I
know
oh yes I know what's good we begin to
settle for people who treat us like crap
or that we're just not that into if he's
got the key we down first year of being
single I'm damn fine I do not know boy
to make me happy
second year big things okay yeah okay
sometimes I'm lonely but still I'm damn
fine and I do not need anyone third year
being single I mean like he's caught
he's kind of cute oh he's cute too that
one looks kind of decent Yeah right
fourth year being singles anyone please
somebody um I'm gonna marry my mic stand
so help me cut someone like me don't
front that is you and that's me and
that's all ladies and I'm here to say
not good and I know it's become the
trend and it's now politically correct
to be all like oh yeah I know chivalry
is dead know what my standards are
probably just way too high but you know
what I'm gonna keep the real right now
let me be the first to say I don't give
an F I wants a prince I'm sorry if I'm
spending the rest of my life with you
should by standard not be eyes you could
judge me you can do whatever you wanted
one done pretending I've always wanted a
prince and I want a love story and I'll
work bone mends and so does your mom and
so does your sister and so does remove
so does your little friend no matter how
different she says she's deep down
inside we all want that spinning Justin
deep but don't get it twisted just
because we say we want a print that
doesn't mean you need to come to our
house on a white horse and climb up my
hair to my room
a little possible no that just means you
want a gentleman someone who's sweet
honest supportive charming and you know
what those are all qualities that we
feel all humanity should possess that my
question is what the f is wrong with you
foo so bro I am officially here to
declare that it's okay to admit that you
want to print cuz you know what I want a
prince and I refuse to thousands F that
I'm so you go out and you find your
prince and no matter how long it takes
you won't settle for any Tom Dick or
Harry you really want to be with Harry
dick Tom if anything we're doing you a
favor the fact that every girl wants a
prince that means if you have a
girlfriend right now and she loves you
she thinks you are a prince if anything
it's a compliment and if you know
anything about me I am NOT one for
double standards so yes every girl
deserves a prince and every guy there
serves a princess so you know you put
your standards just as high no one's
stopping you I know I'm not insulting
you guys at all please don't take
offense to I'm just telling you how it
is
every girl no matter what she says wants
a prince she wants a guy to pursue her
so if you are that Prince and your
sitting in the corner all quiet just
twiddling your thumbs not annoying
here we are feeling how fuzzy looking
for our prints you're just sitting there
doing nothing about it you're just
wasting our time don't don't be selfish
so ladies please let it be known share
this video so that we all don't become
crazy cat ladies not been anything wrong
with that rate comment and subscribe and
ladies say with me hi my name is Lilly
an epic I want a prince K thanks and yes
I've worn this shirt before but I just
felt it was hella applicable to this
video allow it is it out there I just
need somebody to learn not really am i
joking iisuperwomanii ji-won calm fuse
my princess yeah cool money try the
front right now
