Oh humanity what's up how was your day
uh-huh you know by the way what the f is
wrong with you this is not an angry
video no one hurt me it's not directed
towards anyone I'm not speaking from
solely personal experience this is just
my observation that humanity you're a
punk
and to grow some effing balls cuz use a
hot FMS right now if you're a guy and
you like to mess around with women's
hearts if you're a girl and you're
stuck-up and like to play with boys arts
if you backstab your friends if you
disrespect your parents if you still for
some reason care about who people like
and are homophobic if you lie cheat and
steal if you bully people if you wake up
every morning to hurt people's feelings
if you treat people like garbage because
of your own insecurities if use a cocky
mofo if you're selfish if your parent
and you treat your daughter and son
differently you might find need to stop
being a punk and grow stop balls if your
racist sexist a just castis whatever
other cysts there are I wish you had a
cyst in your ovary so that your
ignorance would not be reproduced people
just disgust me attention to all
douchebags it's not hard to be nice it's
not hard to be real it is not hard to be
genuine it is not hard to be honest
read my lips it's not harmed there's so
many characters in the world with so
little character if there someone was
low self-esteem and you go walk all over
you like you're a doormat the time for
contemplating sweetheart is over you
need to stand up and grow some balls
because let me tell you something
sweetheart as hard as you think it is to
be confident and stand up for yourself
it is ten times harder to find people in
this world that will not take advantage
of you so choose one my friend we came
from monkeys and apes and monkeys and
AIDS will outlive us because humanity
will be the reason that humanity becomes
extinct hi yeah if you're mean and
you're a punk and you hurt
feelings and they're not trustworthy and
you's a bad person use the punk my
friend and I'm calling you out
stop being a punk you see these grow
some thank you and don't get it twisted
I'm not only talking about your the
extremes like the murderers and the
criminals no everyday the stupid things
we do unnecessary when you gossip behind
your friends back someone posts a
positive status and you're all like dog
died right now when you're all like oh
my God my mom's so freaking stupid when
you be like oh my god that girl so bad
I'm talking about it's the holiday
season everyone's like tis the season to
be jolly and then you go Boxing Day
shopping and people are killing each
other in the parking lot now if you
agree share this video with all the
punks so we can be McDonald's to play
place and have more balls up there and
honestly I'm sure to keep it real is
your girl so boring I'll make sure you
rate comment and subscribe just do it
Kate Biggs and for God's sakes share the
road
