don't say don't say it don't don't say
no don't it I know I know Superman
where's collabo number 12 superwoman
forgot about collabo number 12 no I
didn't I'm really sorry about collabo
number 12 I know really it's out of my
control but I promise you
collabo number 12 will come give me a
few more days get my stuff together you
know celebrate the New Year's and then I
will get to collabo number 12
sowwy on a more important note I wanted
to wish you guys a very very happy New
Year and have a few exciting
announcements for you
I got announcements and you know it 2012
is gonna be a huge year starting today
right now I'm opening up a brand new
channel which means I'll have two
channels this one and a blog channel my
blog channels gonna have videos you know
whenever I feel like posting video might
be every day might be two times a day
about absolutely nothing me just going
sir so if you just want to see me go
maybe you want to say not much when I
say sir please do subscribe to my blog
channel is just gonna be me talking
about everyday things you know getting
to know me
superwoman Lily yada yada yet you can
click right here this beautiful this
beautiful button right here to subscribe
to my subs
subscribe to my vlog Channel in fact
I've already posted my first video on
that vlog channel for you to check out
and yes I'm wearing the same outfit
because I just recorded it deal with it
you can click right there to see that
pretty little video here damn you damn
fine I have so many exciting projects
for 2012 first of all I know a lot of
you been asking oh my don't give an F
song in fact and one of my videos my um
comic book video I played it in the
background and someone commented saying
what's the name of that Nicki Minaj song
yeah I died thank you very much for that
but that's actually I don't give an F
track and it will be coming out the full
version with the music video and all
that stuff in 2012 probably February it
sounds like this
so give it
my chest I will also be working on a
whole bunch of inspirational projects
because I got me one of these boxing day
I'm going to be doing a lot of charity
work and this year specifically I'm
going to be taking an active stand
against cyber bullying so if you know of
any video that's a target to cyber
bullying please tweet it or message it
to me and I will do my best to push it
and make sure that those people see some
love I'm also going to be doing a whole
bunch of events if you or your
organization is interested in having me
at one of your events or something along
those lines please feel free to send me
an e-mail at iisuperwomanii at gmail.com
and my team will get back to you because
we love you and and and I hope you love
me
also don't forget your CTF o shirts are
still on sale at Hong Joos comm only
$19.99 so we're and CTF Oh in 2012
I'm CTF oh and wait a minute 2011 is
done there's still so many things I
wanted to do
you
this dumbass woman Ezra kid the bad see
before I wrap up I really genuinely want
to tell you guys thank you so much you
don't know what your support means to me
you know when I go places and people say
oh my god are you super nor you know
they're so happy to meet me I want to
let you guys know that I'm equally as
happy to meet you every tweet every
message on Facebook every email every
comment although I'm not able to reply
to all of them I do read every single
one and honestly means the world to me
feels like I just hit a thousand
subscribers yesterday and now I'm over
18,000 with almost three million views
so that's very overwhelming for me thank
you so much for your love and support I
will continue to be the best I can
possibly be for you I'll continue to
show you guys I love and care about you
so much I really don't know where next
year is going to take me hopefully
bigger and better things are coming my
way and I'll be sure to take you guys
along with me because without you there
would be no me another note 2012 is your
year teamsuperman be happy smile and own
the year because I believe in you from
the bottom bottom of my heart thank you
so so much I love you guys from Lilly
that's a wrap guys in here check out
some bloopers from this year see you
next year guys about how awkward moment
when you that hella awkward moment when
you're watching this with your parents
and you just laughed about the part of
much
that hella awkward moment would you
hello Manu Sun what I'm ma'am
oh you are man ma'am man not star okay
nothing ma'am Oh only I could do those
three times
ruk looks good yeah I'll give you the
Xbox just yeah bothering a ke to do
videos
stop bugging this guy busy No
I've been thinking just to make sure you
know deliver a very important message to
you and that is to stop bullying
hey Gary doesn't want to say with me I
need you back on the video Oh
Oh follow Oh
there's a whole world out there
it's no I can't agree right here are the
benefits of being superwoman jealous in
a Cardian when the candy in the video
bar Vienna candy in the video Bob I feel
like I'm item that consumers like I
actually have scared what do I wear hats
it's like epic it's like I don't know
what I was gonna that anyways I'm here
to tell you what the hell yes
you
