I hope you're having a great day what if
everyone's a girl superwoman and before
I became a professional YouTube engineer
I had a lot of retail jobs one of them
was a sales associate at an electronics
store and I worked in the camera
department which is why I know so much
about cameras whenever I ought to focus
we can just adjust the mitochondria here
the style having said that I know what
it feels like to be the customer and the
sales associate especially in moments
like this I'm going to give me the
camera and don't try to sell me anything
else
Oh baby you know it's coming don't do it
don't you dare do it
so for products like these I really
recommend getting the extended warranty
honestly ask you when they hit you with
that extended warranty line and can I
just say as someone who's worked as a
retailer I need to let everybody know
that these sales associates they don't
give an F about you or your camera ok
they need to sell this warranty one for
Commission two to get a quote because I
remember if I didn't sell a warranty I
would literally have to explain to my
boss why I also learned a few tricks you
know put them right up my sleeve right
there sales associates will always do
the following tactics was trying to sell
extended warranty no I'm fine thank you
you know I just had a customer walking
crime to regret his wife left him cuz
you have to buy a new Cranmer didn't get
the warranty you know I don't want that
to happen to you now that's best bucks
okay know a thing about these itty-bitty
camera cuz they got such small pieces
this one got a lens in it called the
endoplasmic reticulum and malfunctioned
all the time warranty covers that no
really I think it's fine but thank you
Wow okay I mean hate me I personally
would never buy this camera without a
warranty but hey and enjoyment
hmm shame uh no I think it's fine all
right well in case you change your mind
you got 30 days oh I haven't thought
about anything for 30 days okay let it
go cuz anyone ever thought about it and
be like oh I'm sorry I want to come
backing that warranty we're trying to
upsell me I said yeah I'm gonna purchase
a $29 my purchase that take my money I
don't I don't are you no are you no I
don't use the thing right oh she's so
hot so also I want to show off my cute
tank top okay hey okay here's the thing
that makes no sense even though I've
been a sales associate in the past even
today as a customer when I know
someone's about to drop the extended
warranty line on me I get to rationally
stress I don't know what it is it's like
I'll steer that doesn't make sense I'm
saying oh no no don't ask what the
warranty please or not put the warranty
like my bus starts clenching my fists
are like this I came to make eye contact
like no make it stop make it stop so I
pretty much never get the extended
warranty yeah but I always do this I'm
working stupid thing you're calling
about your building please press 2 if
you're calling because you're in a
public area and want to avoid real human
interaction please press 3 if you're
calling about warranty and repairs press
I swear to god you want to call any
company that has an automated telephone
service you better block your whole
goddamn there but once I'm on the lines
of symmetry here comes alive what do you
mean I don't have the warranty I've
fully got the warranty on our record the
guy 24 years warranty is included in the
front include that's that what's
everybody okay well you know what this
is this is really disappointing customer
service so oh my favorite place I love
it no I'm not this been focused and all
my parents know
what what they don't judge me with your
judgmental rod and cone cells and be
real no one needs a warranty for
unexplainable issues know people need
warranty because they drop crap
give me a warranty that said if you drop
your phone while trying to be basic is f
while taking selfies in a pool will
replace it I'm your I need a warning
that does it try your best to take a
selfie on that roller coaster but if you
fail we got you it's not about you okay
you know why I'm so salty because this
one time I did buy the warranty and my
camera did stop working and I realized
it doesn't matter it's completely
useless why you ask for quality back
observe skit hello Jess I have camera
broken but I have warranty can you
please replace I'm so sorry to do that
let's take a look looks like you do have
a warranty so that'll just be $200 huh
oh it looks like the warranty doesn't
actually cover it in the lens of the
camera helping avoid and do not cover
the lens of camera yeah it just covers
the body
I thought it was ready Bobby oh give it
as manager of this week's hello sir the
best we can do is a replacement in four
to six weeks at a discounted rate of
$1.99 can you give me the placement in
mean time yeah you know good luck
delivery no sir
can you give me discount value model you
know I cannot talk okay but you can take
my buddy money right well we take
everything but I need to take my phone
you want my to like I don't need one
already take my boil it up buddy cook
that's okay once I can take my car to
take everything I need not be ok look
snatch my buddy leave okay done
actually I need these things sorry I
vomited
I thought they were going to cut camera
but they stood rolling so I picked the
gutter cockpit so yeah I have a
love-hate relationship with warranty but
my way of making the world a better
place is to tell all of you the next
time you're buying an electronic and the
sales associate is like so the extended
warranty
give them a chance listen to them don't
be mean to them because they literally
have to do it it's their job so give
them a break I'm like I might have to
focus again good and cerebral cortex on
this camera no wait don't go don't go
before you go I want to let you know you
may have noticed that I start to post
bloopers on this main channel about 10
minutes after my main channel videos I
also release the bloopers to that video
on this channel in description I'll also
at the end card
they're usually hilarious and better
than the actual main video because I'm
not good at my job so you should check
them out laughs live life and stuff
enjoy octave I know did you like this
video if you did watch more videos like
this one by clicking right over there
also I'm a daily vlogger I literally do
a million things in one day such as
yesterday check out my daily vlogs right
over there don't only subscribe but make
sure you hit the bell so you're notified
when I upload do that eh because I make
new videos every Monday and Thursday
well I love superwoman that is a wrap
end
