the legend of superwoman
once upon a time 23 years ago a baby
girl was born who had proved to be
different the legend has it that when
the doctor slapped her booty she turned
around and laid the smackdown right on
that punk the world was not ready for
superwoman millions joined forces with
her team's soup woman became unstoppable
but a storm was brewing superheroes
around the world became furious at the
birth of this power child Marvel Capcom
DC even effing Archie comics created an
alliance to destroy the woman and the
world loved her so much a plan 23 years
in the
they would strike in 2012
call themselves apocalypse
no ink you ready for this dear Batman
I hear you're coming for me why so
serious you could run your little
putt-putt batmobile into the nearest
power tower knock out electricity from
here to hoo ha and you still wouldn't be
a Dark Knight and really Robin is your
sidekick an effing bird in that case I
have a sidekick to let me just pull up
my black bright OH his name is Twitter
retweet that Lily and poison ivy are
homies bro she told me everything your
Batmobile is actually a rental and as
much as you are on Batman you've never
made it to second base you suck blood
and have a wings so does my maxi pad and
I go through those every month
goodbye dear spider-man I hear you're
coming for me clearly you've been
smoking too much of that mary-jane bro
there's a reason MJ didn't like you I
know you like your super really looks
like you're wearing nothing at all
nothing at all nothing at all and no one
wants to see that clearly that spider
didn't bite everywhere let me get this
straight you got bitten by a poisonous
spider and now you're trying to kill
someone named venom internal conflict
much it's probably because everything's
your fault you did kill your father and
I think I stepped on your mother earlier
today yep she did I don't care how much
of a spider you are I will drive you up
the wall you are the weakest link
goodbye
dear Harry Potter I hear you're coming
for me
lightning bolt scar swag swag swag
loving the astronomy swag how'd you get
it scratched yourself maybe you should
play some more
quit it it's funny how you can get hit
by ten curses every movie but puberty
misses you every time you are the loser
of the loop if you want wizard clubbing
and your friends got a booth and they're
all popping bottles expect to know
patronum ain't no I'm buying new shots
PS your parents are still alive they
just abandoned you they don't love your
mom's making me Toki right now
swag expel yokes dear buzz lightyear i
hear you're coming for me I will kick
you all the way to infinity and beyond
my little made-in-china friend
I will eat mr. Potato Head and it would
be all your fault and then I can really
say you got a friend in me you got a
French fries I'm serious I will take mr.
piggy bank and make a sandwich and just
put bacon strips and bacon strips and
bacon strips and bacon strips and bacon
strips and bacon strips and bacon strips
and bacon strips cuz I'm the Penney boss
you could take five tequila shots and
you still wouldn't buzz as loud as the
queen bee bro PS go play with your woody
yo Inc get him out of here
dear Superman
do you even exist I've searched the
world for you and you are nowhere to be
found but I guess being the douche
duffel bag magnet that I am you would be
attracted to me there's only one s and
that's on my chest because I have boobs
and my chest is better Clark Kent
running and taking your shirt off why
you didn't make it for Baywatch bro I
walk over super heroes like you every
single day it's no wonder I have Clark's
at my feet everybody happy a square make
it make likes toothbrush get after those
fast unless you spell your name with a
wo you no longer exist Superman because
superwoman is on the scene and now when
people search Superman Google asks did
you mean superwoman and yes they did
goodbye Hulk Captain America Archie
Jughead Garfield The Incredibles who's
next
Felix for the fu comics from Facebook
don't waste your time I am the only
superhero this world needs long hair
that could take out send out the Mortal
Kombat Mike it will leave Ryu
pop-pop-pop-pop looking even Jay Sean
couldn't put me down down
even Justin Bieber couldn't take me down
once even Buddha can make me moon get
out the way so hot that Egyptian can't
even hold me I am here to stay
I am superwoman and teamsuperman I stand
for you
cool sorry bro
