you're an idiot pretty simple you're
more black than brown get your head
sorted well cut your hair you look like
an F in which saboom and you are the
reason Brown guys hate brown girls
go back to the kitchen you effing whore
you know soup woman in real life she's
such a I've seen her Duberman I
wish I could slap your parents for
raising you like this hey everyone this
is Lilly superman' Singh and I'm in
YouTube personality this is Gary sane
lion and he's a professional fighter we
had to deliver a very important message
to you and that is to stop bullying
bullying is an epidemic that affects a
lot of people in fact it affected you
wreck a yes I did it was something that
I went through in high school uh I was
always teased about everything because I
was a very short kid a very chubby kid
wasn't the most athletic kid and it was
something that I kind of kept inside and
I wish I'd spoken about it I wish I was
out there kind of change it and now
since I'm older and I look back on it I
want to be a voice and no one let you
guys know you guys need to change that
right now because there's so many kids
out there that won't share what they're
truly feeling and we need to be the
change now something deep in my heart
that I still carry with me and it still
affects me to this day and it's just
something now I can look back and try to
change it now and that's why I have
teamed up with you and we're going to
make things happen now and we need you
guys could be the change you might think
there's nothing you can do to stop such
a large issue but there's lots of things
you can do number one people may not
always remember what you do or what you
say but they'll always remember how you
made them feel so unless you have
something good to say don't say anything
at all because you don't know how it
will affect the person number two if you
are the one being picked on now talk to
somebody go talk to somebody older
there's always wiser people you don't
have to name anybody's name just a voice
to talk to you because our voice is
going to be wise it's going to give you
some sort of path that can get you
through this been there I went through
it all through high school and the thing
is my silence was what was my poison i
sat in the background I'll put on a fake
smile all the way through and the fake
smiles is what got me nowhere now if I
could go back and talk to that that guy
that was being picked on let's say find
an outlet understand that there is a lot
of people that care about you don't feel
like the whole world hates you there's a
whole
world out there that truly loves you and
you clearly need to understand that
there's so much positive outlook on it I
think what's important to remember that
this one moment does not define your
life although this one moment is hard
you have the rest of your life to look
forward to and there's thousands of
people that are out there to support and
encourage you and two of them are
sitting right here so please be
encouraged don't think that the world is
against you you have people to talk to
find them and if you're being bullied
speak up because it's not worth your
life with three if you're a bystander
and you see someone being bullied talk
to them because oftentimes they're just
looking for someone to listen to them
don't partake in the bullying and
realize that bully strength is in
numbers a bully doesn't believe ten
people bully bullies one person while
nine people watch so those nine people
stop watching and stand by the person
who's being bullied a lot can change
number four bullying is such a big
epidemic now that we can no longer take
a neutral stance we have to be proactive
about it we got to take your own action
and take it into our own hands now in a
positive light and create awareness
whether through videos like this
starting programs at your school or just
talking about it
I can't explain to how many times I've
gone to a video and seen so many hate
comments whether it's my own or someone
else's um I get so many hate comments
myself and our message I really want to
deliver is to not give up on what you
love to do if people don't approve of it
now that's easier said than done I've
seen so many videos that people just
blatantly hate someone just to destroy
their morale and so I posed a question
to you is if someone's doing something
they love to do and not harming anyone
why do you feel the need to write hate
comments and blatantly disregard the
fact that they're human as well if
people can read something on the
internet and decide that they want to
end their life bullying has gone too far
and whether you take this video and
close it not share it forget about it
this video will be a success if you can
just change one thing if we can help one
person then we've done our job so please
be part of the change and stop bullying
and as an initiative Garry and I have
found videos that have received an
overwhelming amount of hate there in the
description and we ask you to go to
those videos and show the people some
love and support and most importantly
encouragement and every so often Gary
and I will be posting videos similar to
the ones in the description we'll be
tweeting about them and posting them on
Facebook because everyone deserves some
encouragement so if you support the
cause please share this video this is
the Millie aka superwoman and Gary st.
line and remember be the change take
care guys
police in western Massachusetts are
investigating an apparent suicide by a
teenage girl and the role cyberbullying
they have for him in the last few weeks
his mom said you had a big message but
it shouldn't have to be a message a lot
of people just what I was of Tonko
cheese for let's call it after a brief
relationship with a boy she was tortured
by these bullies prosecutors say on
almost daily basis for three months
there are people talking about her and I
guess she just didn't like being hated
today friends held a candlelight vigil
this makes me sad how it tastes the
light will run see how the BCC cannot
make people feel worthless useless on
this planet in 2006 Megan Meier high
school freshman in Missouri
hug ourselves
