Oh
on the first day of Christmas little
collabos one was Batman things towards
the good ish three was that Andy for sir
happy father humble deep six is to d
pretty 7 is the most handsome man I know
I dumped a yeah he so you know christmas
is coming
yes huh yes what else is Christmas but
there Christ Nick your birthday my
birthday Christmas forgot sakti but
there but that is in the K about there
yes promise yeah promise promise
nanny ma what's Christian right yes yes
yes so you celebrate Christmas yes yes
when you were a child did you celebrate
Christmas no no be strong this is will
you handsome very handsome very handsome
girls liked you yes yes good daddy grow
very very good he wish you a Merry
Christmas we wish you a Merry Christmas
we wish you a Merry Christmas and a
Happy New Year energy do you know who
Santa Clauses yes who I am you're a
Santa Claus
yes ok good you're gonna give toys to
all the kids
yes yes are you gonna give everyone ha
ha and a ball a ball hockey ball hockey
ball ok and strict rule stick stick oh
that but back Limpy Andrew and barbi
Gurion Oh Kira and prophet toffee horn
thus under sir a judge
oh this is nothing
well well Rudolph the Red Nosed Reindeer
bail bail bail bail bail bail bail
now what do you want for christmas I
want your player happiness all good
wishes God family members and all member
of the world oh stop Nana D yes sir do
you know Santa Claus lives in the North
Pole not on the goal place
yes very cold yes my god I'll be there
Oh a loser cuz he's magic no wrong at
all you might have gone she slowly Willy
give me something why why Buffy actually
one girl Audrey are you good how are you
I said good up your name em good oh no
oh oh
h1 love you why I love you are so
beautiful to me
yeah I can't you see I do too do you
like snow so lonely no no you know it
dirty thing
do you like McDonald's or KFC I like
both
what do you like from McDonald's only
yeah I love like dead dick chicks
Nuggets Millis nuggets news no maggots
named Nuggets mate no nugget no good now
get negative nugget negative Nuggets
Nuggets yes Oh - yes I love that
thank you that big goodbye you happy
this much happy Christmas a big
Christmas wait wait wait odd Nate Rick
comment with rate comment comments and
subscribe and subscribe - superwoman
goes Rupa
Lily yes see you re-entry see you again
no don't worry don't worry
say bye YouTube bye you too bye ah my
face book by book Facebook speed look
Facebook booty baka booty book may face
booty oh God faces yeah this book by
Twitter button
twitter twitter yes bye bye tumblr by
tumblin yeah bye frantic loud by
superheroes by D Rho by Nanaji by Noddy
alright guys that's a wrap from
superwoman I hope you're enjoying the
talk clouds with Christmas before I go I
have to say make sure this holiday
season you spend lots of quality time
with your parents with their
grandparents and with your friends
because you only live once and we never
know what tomorrow brings
they say you don't know what you have
until it's gone so I guess the smart
thing to do would be to appreciate what
you have while it's still here
tell your parents your grandparents and
your friends you love them every day and
have a safe and happy holiday season
that's a wrap guys
I have to pimple what 3
