on the first day of Christmas Lily
started talking about when was Brahman
thanks to was the good age three was
that Aleppo sir a big five assembled Eve
sixes the guy with the most turban swag
hi baby I missed you so much
Lilly baby ah I don't even know how to
tell you this but like you know I don't
think it's working anymore
you got your YouTube thing you got you
know I'm trying to music here I just
English to see how the people know you
know I'm sorry but it's not you it's me
it's me I'm sorry
welcome to the official guide to
breaking up superwoman do it tutorial on
how to break up with people I just broke
up with someone help me help me
superwoman help me fine
me and mr. stud muffin are gonna take
you to the steps on how to break up with
someone how to get dumped and how to
deal with the situation shall we begin
number one how to break up with someone
so cry if you need to but I kissed it or
watch you it's the wrong thing to do
Twitpic oh you know it we both know if
you use a drunken mess I mean it's not
it's not it's not that you're not cool I
just yeah it kind of hates you it's a I
never want to see you again you know
let's just buy like you it's just I hate
your guts you know you understand right
if yous desperate just move halfway
across the world you know work school
whatever you need to say you see
distance will equal arguments and in
time neither of you have the energy to
say you're dating as a result you will
be done and you would have said you
dated
how's that for multitasking also you
could just take the easy way out you
know stop we've done peace you never and
I mean never break up with someone
through text messaging I know we're in
2011 and shits hella easy it's just a
mess of someone to sin that no you never
do that you call them you meet up with
them tell them what text messaging is
for nice shit you text them saying baby
you look good last night baby
you know don't worry I won't do anything
with those pictures
the test was negative that's what text
messaging is for not for your fucking
breakup don't be a douche bag only
douche bags breakup via text and do not
be a douche bag Real Talk though a fake
relationship doesn't do any good for
anyone just be honest I mean yeah they
might freak out they're probably gonna
cry they're probably gonna throw things
at you you may get injured but at least
you leave the situation with some
character and you show that you have a
backbone don't lie and cheat that's just
selfish and selfish people suck don't
suck number two now this section is for
those people who are so sensitive and
don't have the heart to break up with
someone so they want to get dumped no
please dump me hurt me so I don't have
to tell you that I hate into you know
mouth this is for you
alright so let's say you're with a chick
and you don't want to be that asshole
dumping her I have a guaranteed method
works a hundred percent of the time what
you do is for two weeks straight you
wake up and you send a morning text
message and the text message says hey
babe
good morning hope you have an awesome
day by the way I'm gay I'm telling you
do that for two weeks straight I swear
to God I promise she will break up with
you in two weeks
works every time promise all right now
that may work fine and dandy for men but
women let's be honest if we were to tell
our boyfriends that they probably just
love us more and be extra excited so we
use other tactics I don't care if it's
your friend's wedding honestly what is
it gonna be your friends or me marry me
babe I've been thinking long and hard
about this and I think we should
practice abstinence
marry me much how many kids do you want
to have what do you mean I can't be a
stripper I have rights
where were you as you're about to leave
the house maybe I don't want to take my
purse can you put this in your pocket I
don't think I'm gonna shave anymore yeah
I've been thinking and Facebook password
tumblr password Twitter password Thanks
and when duty calls and he runs off to
the bathroom yeah throw away his call of
duty I don't understand how could just
fly out I don't get it I don't babe I
haven't seen it I haven't seen your duty
call game paint look there's this site
that shows you what your kids will look
like okay so I know this is early but
I've been budgeting out our wedding look
it's not your friend over there yeah
he's cute careful at a golf course
you hold my hand at all times I hate
your mom and your sisters a ho
which think about that son stop calling
him bro I love you bro
Oh bro happy Anniversary bro
and number three quite possibly the
hardest how to get over and pick
yourself up disgust me
what's better than one girl complaining
for girls complaining girls night hey he
broke up with me
oh my god honestly that guy was such a
loser so you could do so much better
really guys are you serious look at you
look look at you let's go up yeah okay
the perfect mix of cradle ooh gional do
not stalk his Facebook and other such
things and please please do not unfriend
him I've done it you've done it we've
all done it but that's just lame the key
is to keep him as a friend and then show
him how damn happy you can be without
him and fellas that applies to you to
talk to other people go out have fun
baby
life is a backboard just find yourself a
rebound just kidding no I'm not kidding
if a boy doesn't like you just throw
things at his face I know you're not
used to shaving
it's totally healthy I promise I'm a
psychologist I'm gonna need six large
pizzas yes I know I'm I've got him
are you single by any chance or you
could just cry
do not cry I don't care how long you
been with her I don't care what your
history is I don't care how emotional
you are you do not cry she's gonna break
up with your ass is she gonna tell ten
of her friends how you bitched and cried
the whole time what ten friends are
gonna tell their ten friends and before
you know it you're talk she's gonna come
to you on Sunday I want the goldwater
and tell you Oh bitch I heard you know
you were crying when I wear this is not
hold on to your balls do not cry
all jokes aside though remember that
time you broke up with someone you
really really really loved and you were
dying and you were like oh my god how am
I gonna get through this and then you
met someone else and you fell in love
with them that's life it happens and
trust me if you're not with someone it's
for good reason it's just not meant to
be and there's someone ten times better
out there waiting to be with you so pick
yourself up you did didn't you
so yeah this is like the first time I've
ever done this and shoutouts to Lily
shots a superwoman go up subscribe to
your page and then yeah follow her on
twitter follow me on twitter on facebook
or whatever else you got
and in case you don't know who that was
apologize to your eyes ladies you know
how your dreams never really have a face
in that is pre mile from cali he's a
singer and he's awesome if you check out
his stuff it's in the description
special thanks to you and me I wonder
who day 7 is so anything
