first day of Christmas Lily started
talking about one was Brahman thanks to
was the good age 3 was that a leaf or
was so happy
five is two guys who live on the be
chill app out people who treat Facebook
like Twitter need to chill the F out the
F does not look like a bird stop
flooding my timeline with your stupid
crap leave your child on the subway need
to chill that's up you will that drunk
tweet need to tell the f oh you
shouldn't go before you tweet that's
before you speak
let's say curry chicken instead of
chicken curry to chill the F out and go
eat some soup chicken people that Reaper
nouns English words with the Punjabi
accent will be speaking from W need to
chill the F up yeah mispronouncing your
name chill the fuck out it's not fat nom
nom sa
people have one or two tattoos long one
or two tattoos
turn to eco system on your back we have
a picture in your house of like
mountains and a river and a tree yes
everybody has that one picture up what
is the moral of the story you don't love
the moral stories don't jump in the
river girl guys whose skinny jeans are
skinnier than mine to chill the eff up
goin green sauce
people that find shit offensive watch
Family Guy and have a coke shut the fuck
up show the fuck out girls to fetishes
guys don't give a shit how many shoes
you have we don't even look at your feet
creepy guys foot fetishes and doing your
nails nobody gives a shit about that
either
people that drive like self-portraits on
the nails chill laughs although people
shouldn't be depressed on Valentine's
Day it's just the holiday me to remind
you Halloween guys wax and shame every
turn their bodies to chill the eff up if
you have like a razor burn on your pecs
you just chill that's you two ladies
gucci mane tattoo each other s hook
saying shit like save the planet chill
the fuck out you can't save the planet
okay this planet was here before you
this planet will be here after you
remember the dinosaurs decent run this
shit now they're gone in the earth stage
people who click maybe to every event on
Facebook you chill the eff up so you
have a good one
yo you feel ugly chill the fuck out okay
that's companies ways of making you buy
shit but if you don't feel too dark
don't feel too light don't feel too fat
don't kill some skinny feel just right
cuz your rhymes yeah people who get
plastic surgery to tell the effective no
that's just okay
see when I use the word shuttin to chill
the fuck over
nobody should do anything you're not
obliged to do anything you're a free
human beings yes 3:36 that's me and
bubblin bridezillas need to chill the
fuck up wedding invites need to chill a
fifty-pound like you open it and like
the thing from Harry Potter cause I'm
talking you and stuff this is a sunny
voice guys and girls pretending to be
friends need to chill the fuck out if
you're talking to somebody every fucking
day like on the phone wanna see one a
phone within this shit that's a valid
point you're not interested in the guy
don't be his friend either
cut him off you don't need any mill
houses around here people who Photoshop
their pictures and make their chains and
stuff shine in the light you put like a
crown in the back guys and a girl cuz it
connects to under pictures to the girls
serious people who get into a car
accident and take a picture of accident
posted on Twitter first before calling
the cops you can chill the eff up that
was good I like that one same thing
people that go to hospital because it's
got shot but before they actually see
the doctor and take a picture like this
and tweet it it's a chore
yes girls slap a guy friend and then
start calling him brother
and then like him need to chill the eff
up yo guys that fight over girls need to
chill the fuck out people out 45-second
long voice no songs when any message
chill the eff up
I for one who listened to a song to my
iPod and then leave you message I'm
gonna do that either people who buy a
ring bags need to chill the fuck out
cliven no idea ring back if you people
love that generic ring man didn't tell
fo you would all set up your voicemail
you know you're paying $4 a month for
that hey hey you've known people who are
smiling like that
so the fuck out people who make such a
big deal about swearing you to chill the
fuck out all the swear word does is it
takes a whole bunch of words and it
concentrates limits of one so it saves
you time instead of thing I really need
you to complete this task at a more
rapid rate you just say yo fuck up AG
you people still pause like this in
pictures chill fo o people who are not
from research or the iPhone somebody
want to hear what you have to say people
from Brampton thinking that they're
different than people from saga kill
each other riots because of sporting
events like it sucks that your hockey
team lost but you guys should have
expected that you like us here in
Toronto no respect
in the bench and I see a bunch of
artists were like inside sunglasses
people were sunglass since I was chill
fo the Saudis chill death rate comment
subscribe share BAM
you guys can get your chill the eff out
shirts available the link is in the
description swag it out chill fo no one
does calm
that's what's at superwoman humble
devious
