on the first day of Christmas Lily
started talking about when was Batman
things to was the good Age 3 was at Le
Forest the most socially awkward person
I know that awkward moment when people
are so sick and tired of people saying
that awkward moment on Twitter and then
I decide to make a video called that
awkward moment anyways so and for this
video what better person than the most
Awkward person I know which is this guy
that awkward moment when you just called
him awkward and you don't even know him
so hey guys um Lily asked me to do a
video on awkward stuff that goes on in
my life and at first I was like below
you handsome w-who still got away with
the ladies but then I was like hell yeah
you know I got a lot of awkward trait to
talk about in my life so I took some
time out of my eventful day and then I'm
like let's get down to this I'm doing a
video lunch of my mom sorry That awkward
moment when you're texting someone and
they don't reply you start getting mad
and start like swearing at them
eventually you start like taking shots
at their individuality and dignity only
to get a text message two weeks later
saying sorry I was out of the country I
wasn't getting any text messages just
saw this now when someone comes up says
oh hey i met your friend the other day
like fact you hate that person guts and
you have to play along oh my god did you
there's such a sweetheart
next time you see them tell them I said
hi That awkward moment when your mom
talks to you about reproduction beta we
need to talk
hi mom what's up I know what you're
doing here all day huh I'm afraid you're
going to run out I mean right now you
know who run out Oh for the love of stop
killing my grandchildren firstly yes I
know what I was doing here and secondly
I can't just run out save some for your
wife
That awkward moment when one of your
girls or your boyfriend slaps your bum
and you're on your period
That awkward moment when you're watching
this with your parents and you just
laugh at the part about your boyfriend
slapping your bump yeah That awkward
moment when someone farts in front of
you but no one really knows who it is so
they all have to like mentally accuse
each other you kind of have to like let
every
know that it wasn't you when you do
things like cover yourself with leave
with your clothing and stuff that
awkward moment when a nasty grimy horny
sweaty hairy guy comes up to at a party
and tries hitting on you but you're down
that awkward moment when you're at a
party and you see a guy and you look at
him and he looks at you and you flirt
all night and you know for damn sure
that he's into you and you're about to
tell your friend that you're gonna get
married to him and then your friend says
hey have you met my boyfriend
That awkward moment when you fall asleep
on the couch and you have morning woods
the next day but your parents come down
for breakfast that awkward moment when
one of your friends friends who's really
just some Rando - you asked to use your
chapstick or lip gloss and you know for
sure she has herpes
but you say yes anyways an awkward
moment when someone is handing out a
condom at frosh week and you know you
don't need it that awkward moment when
you're at a brown Jam and the DJ decides
to get all modern so he starts playing
so merengue and soca and uncle the
undies start dancing to it not knowing
what the song means
you don't realize you're at a family
party and start whining and whining to
the song I'm grounded that awkward
moment when your parents four girls had
to use the internet specifically how to
check your browsing history mom what are
you doing
enlargement pills I don't know they were
just uh why do you need an enlargement I
remember you as a baby you were fine
I was innocently like doing my work and
then I saw ads it it's your fault
anyways why couldn't you marry a black
guy
saving the nines private part for my
class who real hooligan he sent me these
links and I thought they were cupcake
recipes who is Ryan and why does he need
his private saved four times
That awkward moment when you try
privately messaging one of your very
close friends on Twitter and Twitter
responds by saying you can't message
people who don't follow you that awkward
moment when you have to use the washroom
the stall door won't open
you're not completely sure that
someone's in there does it lock just
might be broken
you take a quick peek crack is so wide
that you actually end up making direct
eye contact with the person taking a
shit you just went through this whole
experience that awkward moment when
you're typing and you want to say okay
just give me one sec but really you say
sex it happens to the best of us yeah
hold on all I need is a sex can you
please just give me one sex
give me two SEC's three sex of this day
has been so annoying it was designed to
screw you over that awkward moment when
you see them working so hard on these
videos and you don't write comment and
subscribe don't make this awkward okay
guys that's it I hope you liked the
video if you didn't I'm gonna ask Lily
to leave my parents contact info in the
description please feel free to yell at
them for giving birth to me see
to subscribe to Lily and superwoman I
think they're the same person but I'm
not too sure not only she's smart and
funny she's a female guys so you know go
on and hit that red button you have my
blessing
all right guys in case you didn't know
that was below
alright guys in case you know that was
Bilal Habib make sure you check out his
link it's in the discription watch his
video shown some super love if you
haven't subscribed to my channel yet
just do it
it takes two seconds it is making
account subscribe to the channel the
buttons right there click the thumbs up
leave a comment show some love because
you to that awkward moment when I'm
dressed more sexier so I can get a
bigger male audience word hope you're
enjoying the 12 levels of Christmas and
hmm I wonder who number 5 is that
awkward moment when I have no idea who
the eff number 5 is just kidding
