on the first day of Christmas Lily
started to close one was brown man
thanks to was the good ish three is a
brown guy with the cute smile people do
a lot of stupid things and I know that
because I'm a people and I do lots of
stupid things but it's not stupid though
having a cute brown guy with an
awesomesauce smile in your video
together we're gonna tell you all the
stupid things people do you me him/her
all of us we're all stupid and I know
exactly where the app to start I am past
the point of denial one stupid thing
that people do is that they go desperate
for Facebook Likes like my status if
you're breathing oh my god like my
status if you can Dhinka chika okay good
job you got a hundred likes what do you
want you want cookies are our pinkies up
this footlong Bisquick got 200 likes man
here take a Bisquick why do girls go
into a store pick up a top try the top
on realize that the top is perfect I'm
talking a friend leave the dressing room
put that top back pick up the exact same
top and buy that one why do we feel like
we can't buy the top that we tried on I
can't buy this one I tried it on why am
I so stupid another stupid thing that
people do is that the ads on Facebook
and then when you ask them who they are
they say that you added them when in
fact they added you and they make it
seem like the question is who am i when
in fact the question is who the hell are
you when making a left turn at a green
light why do people pull up see a car
off in the distance go like this until
the car is literally two seconds from
you and then decide to bet and make the
turn why do we have to wait until the
car can kill us to make the turn when
we know we gotta make that turn you
could have made the turn sometimes I
can't see and I just guess and turn
anyways another stupid thing that people
do is write this on their profile
picture caption oh my god I'm so ugly oh
yes now people are gonna compliment
whenever someone does do that don't ever
compliment them agree with them be like
yeah you are ugly
cuz we all know that God made us all
beautiful and God is not making steak
can we be honest for a second are you
gonna be honest are you are you gonna be
honest right now when you need to fart
don't don't give me that look don't why
do you need to fart you let out a ten
percent test fart first don't you don't
you lie to me in a public situation if
you feel the need to release gas you
release a ten percent test fart first
and then when people realize that
they're ten percent test part has
actually turned into a full-fledged
dilemma the measures they will go
through to avoid the situation I know
it's so funny I know you were telling me
about your work tell me about your work
oh my god we so long we have a car tell
me what so so the project you're working
on is that okay okay
uh-huh continue you know so so hot in
here
don't judge me okay everyone does it I
just have the guts to say it don't judge
me another stupid thing that people do
is make their facebook names so long
real-life name is airily facebook name
said I can make a pedophile face really
quickly so if you like add me on
facebook add me as soon as possible over
you EXO dog like he's like Bharat Ali it
just makes me wonder how stupid people
can actually get but mistakes people
repeat we all know those black bears are
gonna be frozen learn your damn lesson
another stupid thing that people do is
hate on someone else without even
knowing them or anything about them why
you why you hating for no reason it
doesn't matter what grade I was going in
grade 1 grade 2 grade 3 elementary
school high school University every
September back to school I would buy
that geometry set like it was my job
I don't do that we never use the
geometry sect I'm a psychology major I
still bought the geometry set the
economy is won by kids buying that
acting geometry set but I so stupid
but you know it's not stupid rate
comment and subscribe ding if you didn't
know that was a dally make sure you
check out his channel and all his stuff
his information is in the description
show him some love hmm I wonder who
number 4 is Siri do you like my videos I
really have no opinion
