the first day of Christmas Lily started
12 collabos one was braum antics and 2
is a very angry Indian Santa Claus I am
your Ashton Kutcher cause you're about
to get Punk'd don't get me wrong I love
the holidays but there are certain
things about Christmas
I cannot stand and I want to complain
and I will swear but I want to hear
someone swear and there's only one
person I can think of that'll help me
complain so homie tell them why you hate
Christmas
you know what I hate about Christmas man
fucking hey Rudolph the red-nosed
reindeer
why does Rudolph have a goat song and
all the other reindeer don't have their
own fucking song those reindeer have
feelings too you know they have emotions
they should get their own son what about
Tommy
what about Cupid Donner fucking Blitzen
dog fucking blitz in my fucking log
Blitzen man where is his son just cause
the skies are big red nose doesn't mean
he should get his own thumb you feel me
fuck you Rudolph fuck you I totally
agree if all it takes to get your own
song is a big ugly nose every Punjabi
should have their own song by now
Ranjit the big nose Chula I don't
understand how the birth of Christ
essentially someone's birthday got
turned into this holiday with a whole
bunch of BS clearly one perverted mofo
made up a whole bunch of crap to get
some action who made up this mistletoe
crap I mean you need to be one horny
jabroni to be like okay listen I'm gonna
stand here under this plant and you're
gonna stand here with me and because
we're standing under this leaf we have
to kiss preferably with tongue how does
that even relate that's like me saying
okay after we kiss I'm gonna kick you in
the balls say purple four times and then
you have to buy me a Gucci bag happy
holidays there's no relation to imagine
me telling my mom but mom
I was under the mistletoe I had to kiss
him Ohi wood under the mistletoe why
didn't you tell me she saw see what she
was under the mistletoe that's why she
was making out with the boy okay leave
once I hold this hold this redhead
okay okay okay now get married but Dean
missile do are you but where does it
stop
we were under the mistletoe I mean
Christmas is the only day where it's
okay for some fat hairy man to sneak
into my house at the middle of the night
slip some ish into my stocking and call
me a ho and we all know his elves are
just kidnapped children working at the
North Pole dark alleyway North Pole for
strippers ganda London you know what
really confuses the crap out of me man
all year long parents tell their little
kids to not talk to strangers don't take
candy from other fucking strangers and
then first on Halloween they flip the
script they're like go out over the
fucking random people's houses take
their candy and you know eat that shit
and then on Christmas again they take
these kids to the mall to some fat
motherfucker named Santa Claus because I
yo you see that fat bump over there go
sit on his lap and tell them what you
want and then take a motherfucking candy
cane and walk away what kind of
parenting is this man I hate how
expensive Christmas decorations are this
right here this ball was $6.99
I know people spend so much money on
colored balls I mean I'd rather just
turn some guy on and then walk away and
tell him to stand next to my Christmas
tree with his blue balls
my god I've been so dirty today but
sometimes of you're sorry for fucking
Santa Claus because as always these fat
won't balloon for looking motherfucking
kids that go up to Santa Claus sit on
his lap that blocks off circulation to
his penis with probably cripple his
sexual performance for
I and then they tell him what the fuck
they want for Christmas and then they
take twenty Gandhi games and walk the
fuck away
first of all it's supposed to take one
candy cane you fat motherfucker secondly
you look like you're two candy canes
away from diabetes so you shouldn't even
be eating candy canes
these parents need to take the fat kids
home and make them a salad this kid
looks like he's about to explode like
that fist from Willy Wonka and the
Chocolate Factory
then tinsel and Garland and all that
crappy piranha Christmas tree fifteen
twenty bucks if you're smart you just by
1520 degrees you're those big
embarrassing ones that your brothers
don't wanna wear yeah are you telling me
this would make an amazing Christmas
decoration man you know pisses me off
man people start acting fake during
Christmas they start acting like they
like you wish it I don't know why I
don't know why everyone else to get all
Jolly Roger during Christmas doesn't
make any fucking sense of it bro and
then they start acting nice did you have
to start acting nice or else you're
having to look like a fucking asshole
you know fuck the noise I hate the
concept of eggnog and people just be
getting hella smashed on Christmas
drinking their eggnog
oh gee golly it seems like I drank too
much and I've become quite intoxicated I
I feel like doing the ballet ballet and
picking the apples and turning the light
bulbs like the poon jabs clearly eggnog
is not a desi thing because they cease
don't do the cinnamon nutmeg and mixing
please get straight to the damn point
Medicus mess and happy ah happy birthday
Joe via Justin Bieber I love you bro
you're dope you're talented but why the
fuck did you have to make a whole album
of Christmas Carol you mother fucker I
don't want to hear all I want for
Christmas is you every day why'd you
have to do it man oh hey
I hate people who decorate their house
like it's their job if your house is
causing that annual death rate by car
accidents to go up you need to chill the
F out lights sure maybe even a wreath
but if you have huge inflatable Santa's
with reindeers
freaking snowmen whole manger scene I'm
just driving by oh just Josh that's it
ten kids dead so not done dead all right
guys if you didn't already know smack
yourself
that was how geez aka the good ish isn't
it that swear word that I'm not saying
aka mister pissed you off so make sure
you check out his videos his information
is in the description show them some
love hope you enjoy the 12 collabos of
Christmas the next one will be on
Saturday the 10th hmm day three I wonder
who it could be
subscribe to superwoman do happy
holidays and happy
