on the first day of Christmas Lily gives
to you a brown man who thinks things
through ladies ladies you didn't think I
wasn't gonna hook you up this holiday
season did you welcome to the official
guide on how to get guys and trust me as
someone who's never had a successful
relationship been single for four years
and cries myself to sleep every night I
know what I'm talking about but just in
case you're worried about my credentials
I brought in an expert and don't worry
we're not gonna tell you obviously
ridiculous things like don't work
clothes and wear a push-up bra show some
cleavage was not a sort of one-night
thing no I was something more long-term
long-term not a one-night fling like not
a drunken mistake got up on our
competition on the bus back to the hotel
after the grimy banquet hall party a
relationship a man and woman or you know
whatever floats your boat together
because they love each other trying to
progress and establish themselves as a
couple Oh okay ladies listen realize
that it's 2011 and guys don't have to
initiate everything if you like a dude
just tell him being forward being honest
and being confident is a hella sexy
Mahon tell them how to do all right I
guess I can help with the relationships
girls for getting a douche bag all you
really need to do is tell him that he's
cute and all of a sudden we'll stop
hitting on you if he finds you
attractive
the normal guy do what you normally do
you go up tool
laughs that is terrible jokes play with
your hair and you will get the hint nerd
if you find you attractive you will ask
you out
the
this time now he may seem like a normal
guy but he's just fucking clueless just
start dropping hints that you like give
him a week out of the blue you know no
one does that shit no more he still
doesn't get it just go up to him hey do
you want to hang out sometime and if you
find you appealing he will agree I mean
what's the worst that's gonna happen
here to go up to a guy and he might say
no he doesn't like you big effing deal
go to the grocery store buy tub of ice
cream call for girls have a girls night
throw some darts at a picture of his
face and tomorrow
onto the next one but that men that man
is right here oh hello little man oh
whoa be confident be real and just be
yourself and don't be crazier dramatic
because guys don't like that stuff and
you know what quite frankly neither do I
take your teas and tell him you like him
not that you you know stalk his profile
and you know what your kids are gonna
look like and you only get married and
you've already matched your horoscopes
and that you have a boom doll at home
that looks like him at least not on the
first day you lock him in first and then
you go clean so just turn it down sister
Oh third I never hurt nobody just by
your eyes and just you know blow kiss
wink your eyes to me thing but above all
keep it classy because just like you
don't want that pimp player decent guys
don't want that whole slut that's all
about everybody's to just keep it classy
and know your role if a guy goes out
with you and then is able to go to
Staples business Depot and press the
button and go that was easy you are not
doing a good job and honestly if none of
that works just buy a t-shirt with a hot
boy on it me at least he'll be on you I
hope that helped sober woman I am really
sick I am going to take a nap now Oh a
24-hour nap oh poor baby thanks so much
for doing this even though you're sick
this is sweet make sure you check the
description to find all the brown man
things information his channel his
videos all that good stuff he's awesome
so show him some love and happy holidays
from superwoman and brown man thinks I
hmm who's gonna be day two
