my god shut up please stop please I hate
you I hate you
hello do you want know for the 50th time
I'm not doing Secret Santa so stupid I
didn't like half the people in the
Secret Santa
everyone knows who everyone else has and
I'm sick and tired of getting freaking
gift sets from the body shop please I'm
not doing Secret Santa no I will not
come to your party I hate the holidays
ah
the first Nowell Nowell Nowell
comes Santa Claus here comes Santa Claus
here comes Santa he's having a bad smell
that yes
c22 cardia just e22 kadia Rudolph the
red-nosed reindeer had a very shiny nose
but number bum-bum-bum-bum on my drum
come come hey you are such a Scrooge
bah humbug what a waste of time give a
penny the poor Merry Christmas Happy
Holidays bomb
wait you're fine there's no such thing
as ghosts
chill bath Oh stupid holidays such a
pansy what happened to your lady balls
now who are you I'm you you're me hell
yeah
but I'm me hey my car I'm dead
yes sorry you were hit by truck and ran
too early today my god I didn't even get
to 20,000 subscribers I didn't have a
boyfriend I didn't even eat my 10,000
twig was going down the Goya Road was it
gone away not might have been gone
Valley West trailblazer oh my god was I
at least wearing fly kicks no your shoes
were severely scuffed in the process no
I'm kidding you douche you're not dead
why are you here I hate you
I'm the ghost of Christmas future what
the f of you would be the ghost of
Christmas dijo a job Oh school you know
making videos and baking and rapping and
dancing get a life
literally whether or not more qualified
people to be the ghost of Christmas you
join what happened to the kid from the
sixth sense they're like the the
producer from are you afraid of the dark
what is the Grinch up to these days can
you shut up this is why nobody watches
your videos cuz you talk so damn much
leave leave now I'm here to tell you
that you don't change your ways you're
gonna lose everything if you don't enjoy
the holidays be jolly and be merry
you're gonna lose everything
I personally I didn't care that much I
just get paid
miles an hour to turn that and don't
worry I wouldn't be too worried cuz
everything you got ain't all that much
to begin with
you can't Mickey I can't but they can
they who this month you'll be visited by
12 Christmas spirits 12 is this supposed
to be three lean off the wrong one oh
yeah good you know our economy just came
out of recession we're pretty good you
know just you lucky man the mortal world
it's still really bad it's shut up don't
make me call Ghostbusters right now
twelve spirits are gonna visit you are
you ready
me no no are you ready this month I'll
be doing 12 separate videos each with
someone different some awesomesauce
person for complete list of dates
check the description or wait til the
end of the video to view the calendar
wishing you a very happy and safe
holiday season to you and your family
much love from both of us and we'll see
you real soon goodbye
