hey my name is Lilly aka Superman I make
youtube videos and I'm an advocate for
girl I felt there was no girl on see I
thought you know we had our guy
comedians we had to hold on to them and
they really need to be a girl and
actually I like your answer I've never
given anyone else before when I started
making videos I actually came out of a
very difficult time life at that point
so it was almost a transition to kind of
send a message of my videos of just
encouragement confidence and really at
that one moment life I was like on a
high I was like I want to tell the world
that they will get through it and just
rock on it that's why it's time for me
to be honest what's cooking good-looking
too girl superwoman there are some when
people out there who are kind of like
uncurl is making videos and every time I
hear that I'm like I'm gonna go home
make sure the video so definitely the
fact that there's no one out there
really is inspiring well hello there
come on what's up and what it's a girl
superwoman damn anything the first few
videos I made actually I don't think I
told my parents because I don't
I didn't think they'll get more than
time to use names like oh I'm just gonna
put this up um when I started getting
views yeah I told my parents you know
I'm making videos and this is what I'm
doing I don't think they thought
anything of it until they kind of start
to realize that someone called me saying
they watched your video or they've heard
of you somehow so they actually watched
my videos not with me because I tell
them you're not allowed to because
that's awkward but they do watch my
videos and they do support them they
tell me that I like this one
that was funny and you should have done
this they tell me what they're very
supportive and my dad is probably like
my number one PR person because he tells
the world that his daughter sue :
so not the first one yeah sure so we do
this this that we come here again baby
Pataki is happy I start dancing pondr√°
in grade 10 and then universal grade 10
um and when I first started doing it
professionally in the sense I want to
format weddings and gigs I remember
distinctly walking into my sing mom dad
I'm so excited you know I started a team
we're gonna start performing at weddings
and they looked at me and said no and I
was heartbroken the guy was not
expecting at all
so I'm having a really big fight with my
parents and they actually said no that I
couldn't perform and that real girl
should have performed and it was a
really hard struggle because of
something I was so passionate about so
it wasn't until I actually performed at
my sister's engagement and I family was
there and they saw like what people are
actually applauding or I'm liking this
that they said yes but no definitely
that was a big struggle being first of
all a female captain of a co-ed team
where guys had to listen to an hosing it
was a big struggle but um I eventually
went my friends over and even now
sometimes people do look at me Nicole
she dances at weddings and she used to
do stuff like that but and I don't
actually get a lot of girls a message
move the same problem who say I love to
dance and Lovins my parents just would
never ever let me
so it's a very cool
I'm gonna expose my parents right a lot
of the things that I make skits about
our videos have happened to me in real
life um the whistling incident it was
supposed to go in uh putting up up up
down down in key gardenia meant okay
never in Asia Korea Dissidia Mafia Teddy
Tomba via nanaki karamakov keysmith
Damania la boum AK another school by the
guard now our parents of my grandfather
hates when I was sold
um the incident where someone comes up
to me and says don't you have any
brothers and I go no one they started
being walk away that is happened to the
silica pootis su Ghazi thus put the
clinic in apparent Briah
I just want sister sistema - very good
brownie put the Navy
let your uppity Margie
now wait you might be wondering what
happened to Lily she's been so nice
Gouri chickpea like bug nice hair is
what is this because I'm globular tuck
they are not some people say I look like
Sean Paul some people say I look like go
away young mula baby oh when I first
started putting videos out I was
expecting I wasn't even done it I was
expecting to be hated on I'm like people
are gonna make fun of me the truth what
is she doing but it's actually been very
overwhelming in a positive sense like I
have a lot of positive feedback from
people and definitely I do have those
people were gonna hate you
go back to the kitchen and all this
stuff that they say like sexist remarks
or whatnot but for the most part I'd say
for every bit of negative feedback
there's public a hundred people who said
something nice so actually surprisingly
positive
okay sorry it really makes a difference
of people messing else having such a bad
day and watch your video and I'm feeling
better I can't comprehend how I have
that effect on people so it's really
over awesome without really bothering
you dirty
seriously me being Punjabi when I say
things right off the bat that aren't
kind of typical Punjabi girl people do
kind of look at me and say did you
really just talk about a guy in our
video or did she really just and I feel
like people in general think you know
brown people for lack of a better term
or a different species that were the
girls don't talk to guys and the girls
don't go out and I feel like I just need
to talk about it and say hey just wake
up a little bit like this happens so I
feel like I'm gonna start talking about
that stuff just to say like we're people
were not some weird species err hey
how's it going it's a girl superwoman
and today I'm going to do what I like
doing most and that's making you guys
smile things happen in life people will
not like what you're doing people say
things - you have two options you can
stop doing what you're doing you can cry
about it or you can just be like hey
that's your opinion this is mine I'm
gonna take it make something positive
out of it keep going so that's what I
choose to do reading it all this
confidence man I don't know what my mom
um honestly I wasn't always confident
like I do have pep talks with myself I
do have moments where I'm like oh what
am i doing and we're really doing this I
can honestly say it's just my confidence
solely comes from being grateful like
that's what I thought about it long and
hard and it just comes down to God has
given me all this awesome stuff and this
life and has taught me lessons and I'm
gonna do everything I can possibly do
with it and so whether I'm scared or not
is just irrelevant to me I'm just gonna
do it that's really what it is
okay so this one says near PO
this one says near rat actually part of
the moon mantra and the group enzyme G
and your PO means without fear
this means without hate love it so I
actually decided for a really long time
what I want to tattoo a four months I
cancelled like three appointments lost
hundreds of others cuz I'm like yeah I'm
coming tomorrow never showed up
this is what I decided on because I
leave I truly this is not scripted I
think every problem in the world can be
solved with these two concepts I just
think that yeah I think we worry without
reason and I think that we hate without
reason so it's really take that society
so many young girls and oh my god I know
how I'm going to live my life this guy
doesn't like me or my parents will let
me do this end we just think it's the
end-all of world and that's how I was I
was very I'm not gonna get through this
I don't know why I'm but you will and
you'll do beautifully and that's what I
would tell me so that you will make it
and you'll be awesome and it'll be fine
and investment Apple nothing okay though
some things Jose honestly I love you
guys so Barinas analogy okey so more
