hey you are you a loser
you girls point at you and laugh are you
stuck in the friend zone are you sick of
being like a brother to her do girls
prefer to take their iPhone and throw it
in a kind of acid and then throw the can
of acid into a fire and then take the
ashes from the acid the cannon the
iPhone and throw it into the ocean and
then hold a funeral for Siri the next
day instead of answering your phone call
if you answered yes don't sweat it
welcome to the official guide of how to
get girls giggity deep number one just
grabbed us at the club the F is so effin
random like we're complete strangers
that's like you rear-ending me on the
highway and then expecting me to get out
of my car and like get jiggy with it
just the same in the club don't expect
to mush up my bumper and then you know
expect to reproduce forget how people
are cool with no initial communication
is just like oh hey we're strangers I'm
dancing with my girls i dancing with my
girls oh now there's balls on my booty
keep it classy mur to blink
I know eye contact shows confidence okay
but at the same time bro chill the eff
up I can't explain to you how many guys
come up to me like this hey what's your
name you're like really pretty aren't
you that girl from YouTube do you want
to dance
you are going for
stranger to creeper to restraining order
at an alarming rate my friend you're
cute but that doesn't mean I want you
staring into my soul because when you do
that all I'm hearing is aren't you that
girl Lily say from YouTube who lives in
Markham I creep your bushes every
Tuesday and only on Wednesdays when
there's a full moon I know which room is
yours I have your little sister in my
car and meet my imaginary friend her
name is Sally keep a natural keep it
freshness be yourself and if that's
yourself then I'm sure someone will find
that very attractive wear sunglasses be
number three if I wanted to be dating a
high schooler I'd be dating Justin
Bieber but I'm not I'm a woman so be a
man yes in my videos I'd be talking
hella ghetto but in real life when you
approach me I know how to speak
I try to be single my whole life so
please refrain from speaking like urban
dictionary you always good girl I'm
sorry are we at a restaurant are you
asking me about the menu like what what
are you talking about what you say amah
okay
hey I'm not your mom and B if I was your
mom I'd probably be saying look at my
douche duffle bag of a son who needs to
be an ESL learn how to talk if you're
seriously interested in a girl avoid the
brother zone you're ready to tie the
knot and she's ready to tie it up key
the key is to be sweet but sexy and
charming at the same time you see when a
girl you know is going out with a
douchebag or having trouble in a
relationship or maybe she doesn't even
want a relationship sweet guys get
thrown into the brother zone but sweet
guys who flirt no no you see that's a
whole different zone a zone you want to
be in if a guy flirts with us how could
we call him our brother that would be
incest honestly be forward spend some
alone time with her ask her to go out
somewhere touch her
bass girls love that ish
honestly if none of that works just
telling you like another girl and I
promise you she'll like you faster than
Twilight's effing fan page number five
oh no last one party is almost over this
last one is crucial if you take away
nothing else if the other four steps of
this video you were scratching your butt
watching TV playing call of duty
whatever that after you are doing pay
attention now because here is the money
I know you have your boys you know boys
for life you're right or die bro tips yo
if you seriously like a girl and you
want her to take you seriously you're
ghetto homies hollering in the back and
acting like idiots it's not impressive
you will be associated with the
hooligans
I got you something because I love you
so much I love you girl oh my god this
is sweet
yo yo Bobby yo Bobby who's that chick
bro
effing sexy yo and get that thing just
like right you see which one right just
like you're you that's like a prejudice
that's a that's a Fein lion right there
you go just let say right there not me
yo Bobby your body can penetrate that
girl yo just like a juice box
bro just concentrate and Minute Maid
that ha just Minute Maid that ha think
about it like this when your mom goes to
the grocery store and you know she's
looking at fruits she's just looking at
apples everyone likes apples there's a
pack of apples and there's one apple in
the bag that's just super red shiny like
apple from heaven I'm talking that Apple
that friggin destroyed Adam and Eve the
Apple that Snow White bit but then all
the other apples are like fugly and have
fungus on them and they're loud and
annoying and horny
and have worms in them are you gonna buy
that pack of apples because though one
nice Apple nah
no you're not because you know that that
one Apple has probably been contaminated
by learns fungus and STDs by the other
bad apples they are not going to waste
our time on a bunch of bad apples are
what you eat and you are who you hang
out with so please if you're seriously
interested in a girl watch your company
and tell your boys to chill fo as honey
let's face it whether your boys are
proper hot and friggin fly or douche
bags idiots who just wrote shut up
either way they are cock blocking you
guys and that's it I hope you enjoyed
that before I go I have to have to draw
your attention to my shirt so check it
out that's me I'm on a shirt I'm on a
shirt I'm on I'm on a shirt shirt is me
wearing a super one that is a super open
and a beautiful fan of mine sent it and
I had to shout them all because I
absolutely love it and it's so thank you
awesome well thank you so much jazz or
jazz I'm not sure I pronounce your name
I absolutely love it and it's ah also I
just want to let you know I have a lot
of exciting updates and ideas for
December because tis the season to big
Johnny so make sure you check out my
Facebook page the link is right here I
got to do is click and you'll be up to
date I'll also be posting some you know
exclusive stuff on there so please
become a fan support me and that'd be
pretty cool and that's it little bit of
it a bit peppy and perky today on that
yes I am you know it is six planes bye
guys love you ding ding ding
God's Minute Maid back home uh Minute
Maid that huh concentrate
write comment and subscribe
son wire
