oh my god
look at her butt oh my god is that her
upper lip or my bathroom rug don't talk
to my bed don't don't talk to my man
that girl is such a how girls are haters
girls love hearts and love and feelings
and rainbows and unicorns and fluffy
things but you know what they love more
than everything else they love hating on
other girls why because we're effed up
and I'm allowed to say that because I'm
effed up - girls are mean they are the
devil disguised in high heels and
lipgloss girls if a girl likes your hair
that been forbid she tells you that she
likes you here no no a girl will sit
there all night at the club stare at
your hair make point form notes about
your hair go home
apply to beauty school study write that
exam open up a salon on your street put
a flyer in your mailbox put coupons in
your mailbox and you know proud people
can't resist the coupon book you an
appointment have you come in and
freaking F up your hair with some blue
dye and bubble gum so she never has to
see your nice hair again because girls
are evil girls hate each other for no
reason anytime you go to a club and go
to a family party what do you see you
walk in and you get the look so is your
high heel somehow extending into your
bum hole why you looking at me like that
besides having of the JJ what did I do
to you to deserve that look and you see
the thing is girls because we hate each
other for no reason we are a weakened
species and men just take advantage of
our weakened species because we can't
get our ish together well girls got
along and you know went out like they're
supposed to and had girls nights and had
movie nights and talked crap about guys
that they're supposed to then we would
have figured out a long time ago now
Bobby was a douche bag Kevin
anger management problems and Aaron is a
dirty filthy slut but no because we hate
each other
Bobby's girlfriend hates his ex Kevin is
now yelling at two girls and Aaron done
slept with the whole crew his boys be
playing chess with our chests and I am
NOT down all these guys have their guy
code in there bro tips and for the most
part they stick to it but us girls
no no us girls we have butter knives in
our purse on standby just in case we
need to stab our best friend in the back
because that's how we roll how many
girls do you know that talks so much
crap about a guy oh my god he's such a
loser such a douchebag he said ugly but
as soon as another girl likes that guy
why are we on his ish let gets our job
we would try to turn that douchebag into
our Gucci bag just because another girl
likes him why because we're jealous and
worked up that's right I said it
stop being fake for two seconds let's
let's talk it doesn't have to be this
way stop hating show some integrity
don't disappoint the Spice Girls this
video is my official protest -
girl-on-girl hey it doesn't have to
happen next time you see a girl I dare
you
no I double dare you to go and
compliment her I promise you your lady
balls will not fall off no your shoes
are damn cute your body is smoking know
what that dress it makes my lady balls
excited because you damn fine
so I dare you right now you you male or
female I dare you to tweet at a girl or
tag a girl on Facebook and give her a
compliment find a girl give her a
compliment you you fly you damn fine and
you know I'd be I thought I'd tap that
purrs pretty you have pretty eyes I like
your smile you're so smart you know what
you damn fine so if you're down with the
movement please post this video on every
girl's wall of life your dude that
doesn't mean this doesn't apply to you
find a girl find a group of unti go find
a group of sisters or friends that just
need to get that ish together and be
like you'll watch the video get your
edge together stop calling my cell and
eating my ears and you know what your
first step can be help a sister all rate
comment
and subscribe subscribe buttons right
there like how much effort does that
take just click it click it click it
like it's hot
alright guys that's the wrap see you
next time Wow
lip gloss is too intense if you like the
message of this video and you want to
hear me talk more about this make sure
you check out Jimmy on the jumbo this
Sunday dreams Convention Center in
Brampton 1:00 to 5:00 p.m. information
is in the description tickets are only
15 bucks that's like two happy meals
then stop I hope to see you there I'll
be talking about girl power and
empowering people and motivational stuff
and basically just my wall but in person
see you there
bps if you like my hoodie make sure you
check up Honda's calm they're my friends
- bye
