chill the eff out definition the world
is not ending you went on a dramatic
film calm down stop busting a nut and or
vajayjay over stupid shit snit yeah
the following people and scenarios need
to chill the F out couples who think
they're in a Sloopy motel but really
you're in the middle of the f and dance
floor yeah the club isn't the Discovery
Channel I don't need to learn how babies
are made but their hand is doing
anything other than fist pumping you
need to chill the F out people who type
sentences one word at a time and then
press ENTER after every word need to
chill the F out and if you don't I will
talk to you like this and tell you C T
fo o people who get offended by
everything the world is not out to get
you
it's not people's intention to hurt your
heart if I make a video called Y round
girls like white guys and posted in the
comedy F in section of YouTube and you
want to discuss social issues and
politics they get out of the comedy
section and go into the doormat section
you frigging fruitcake it'll twist my
words into anything I'll make a video
with ten reasons on how to smile and
people be like oh my god now she's
telling us not to smile cetf oh and I'm
all for public expression and you know
freedom and more power to you but if
your face is looking like a board of
lite-brite you need to chill the eff out
with the piercings some things just
don't need to be pierced like it's CDF
oh if you get drunk on Thursday and use
a hot mess and if you just get drunk on
Friday and use a hot mess and then on
Saturday and Sunday yous get drunk and
use a hot mess next Thursday you need to
chill the F out if you are a bad drunk
stop drinking it's not you see lactose
intolerant people drinking milk every
day
hoping they're not gonna have diarrhea
imagine that in the club burrows who
give you this whole speech and dialogue
about how trustworthy they are and how
they hate drama and then the next day go
tell everyone your business and audition
four days of our lives need to chill the
eff out I'm all for flirting getting
free drinks you know telling double
standards to eff off but baby girl if
your way of saying hi to a guy is
bending over you need to chill the F up
this ain't no Sean Paul video okay the
song is telling you to get low if you
listen to everything the song says let
me know when to plan the baby shower
if you're a guy and you've cheated on
your girlfriend seven times and now
you're crying and bbm her and emailing
her and messaging her and telling her
you love her and harassing your friends
you need to chill that ho cuz you
douchebag and you's a ho and you just
luck if you're a girl and your boyfriend
cheated on you seven times and he's
crying right now and bebe IMing you and
messaging you and emailing you and
telling you he loves you and harassing
all your friends and you go running back
Tim you need to chill the F out and grow
a pair of lady balls people who message
girls on Facebook trying to hit on them
with a fake profile picture who's
clearly Johnny Depp and message you
saying hello my name is Johnny I am nice
man i liking your bio-data and I'm
wanting friendship with you please
accept my request so we can be friend
you need to chill the eff out please and
we have a bottle of cream and you
haven't used it for a while and so gets
all clogged so when you press the nozzle
it likes squirts everywhere and attacks
you yeah that scenario needs to chill
the eff up and no she did not say any of
that girls who do makeup touch-ups every
four minutes need to chill the eff out
put your makeup on leave the makeup at
home and go to the club do not take it
with you even Drake said you look better
chillin with no makeup on when I wear
lip gloss and my six foot long hair
blows in the wind and goes yeah that
situation needs to chill the fo unless
you are playing xbox or a Nintendo Wii
or some other gaming console where your
body controls the game you need to chill
the eff oh okay if you're playing n64
Super Nintendo or something like that
you need to stop thinking you control
Mario or call of duty or freaking one of
the f it is because you having
Tourette's and a seizure you know all ik
is not doing jack just chill laughs oh
okay
elementary school kids who know more
about drugs and sex than me need to
chill the F out you need to start
playing handball with a tennis ball my
voice right now because it's cracking
and I'm somehow randomly getting sick in
the middle of this video needs to chill
F up okay I hope you enjoyed it it's a
girl superwoman make sure you subscribe
to my channel rate comment all that
wonderful good beautiful stuff I love
you guys hope you have an awesome night
stay smiling stay sweet and K byee you
need to chill the F out
