whatever varnish a girl superwoman see
what I did here with the darkness and
the ambience
welcome to shady moments Halloween this
videos about Halloween trick-or-treating
costumes a whole bunch of stuff I did
different segments of this video dressed
up as some of my favorite youtubers I
dressed up as YouTube for Halloween now
you might know some of the youtubers you
might not but make sure you check out
the description box below to check out
their channels and tell me how good of a
job I did imitating them or tell me I
sucked I picked four of my favorite
youtubers I hope you liked it
first up jenna Marbles who doubles by
you mean it's inevitable now girls are
whores you know all these cute little
girls came to my door to stay in all the
fairies the princesses and I'm sick Oh
in 10 years you're gonna be or here's a
KitKat because that's what it is you
know when you're little girl it's mommy
I want to be a princess mommy I want to
be a fairy mommy I want to be Cinderella
mommy I want to be a Power Ranger mommy
I want to be a bride I want to be a
cheerleader I want to be a cop I want to
be a nurse I want to be a school girl
there you go in a matter of a couple
years ago from haunted to hoe scary to
slutty and Halloween is just all about
itty bitty titties at the end of the day
no one wants to go to a Halloween party
and bump and grind with a goblin girls
go trick-or-treating or they go to
parties and they get candy lollipops and
other types of lollipops and there's
some people who just blatantly want to
be sluts who don't even care about the
festivity of Halloween don't care about
the cost you just straight show up in a
bikini in the club
why are you for Halloween I'm a whore I
must select I'm a skank just that's
that's the costume slut if you want nail
screws and blood poppin out you go for
it and if you want boobies popping out
you go for it zooming yours and it's
inevitable people just need to accept
that Halloween party
is just another term for costume orgy
the nurses don't want to save your life
they want to have babies
she subscribe to a channel we put on
your videos every Monday and Thursday
isn't that really what do you want to be
you want to be spider-man
Carrie was number two
fluffy hey what's up a grown man has
been arrested after stealing candy from
little kids this Halloween he mugged 11
kids and then was found in his apartment
rolling around in the candy stole what
kind of sick freak has a fetish jumping
little kids and stealing their candy not
even a teenager I mean a grown man he's
probably wrinkly and had a beard he was
found rolling around in Mars bars I mean
at least roll around in tootsie rolls at
least that sounds sexy which grown man
jumps kids on Halloween
that's what effed up teenagers do and
how are you just gonna take the candy
and not at least hump the kid's leg I
mean you know how many slutty girls are
on Halloween nurses and cops they're
probably like here take me instead and
you're like no just the candy if you're
just gonna steal a pack of rockets
instead of stealing the girl maybe you
should get your rocket checked on top of
that he got arrested because he was
easily identifiable
he wasn't even wearing a mask while
jumping all these kids I mean why would
you commit a crime on Halloween and not
even wear a mask of then the one day
when you could wear a mask you choose to
just go jump kids with your face wide
open for the world to see I mean what
kind of sick bastard are you I mean if
kids were caring around bags of money
yeah I'd be in jail too buts candy
you're in jail right now because the
perfect combination of chocolate and
peanut butter but you know what I guess
where he is right now he's gonna get
lots of candy all he has to do is bend
over he'll get a taste of lots of
lollipops and buy lollipops I mean
penises I mean why wouldn't he just go
and whack off in a balk barn if he's so
turned on by candy just standing there
next to the gumballs doing his business
why'd you have to
involved with kids man well happy
Halloween and make sure you watch your
kids because they might be getting candy
from a pedophile who's just gonna steal
their candy and then make love to the
candy as the kid just stands at their
door confused number three its Kingsley
happy Halloween you sluts and whores you
know I love Halloween
Halloween is my favorite holiday and
when I was little my doorbell would not
stop ringing there would be hella kids
outside and kids would be dressed scary
none of these little boys and girls be
making a mockery out of Halloween kids
be ringing my doorbell dresses that the
dumbest ish this one kid be ringing my
doorbell with a bandana telling me he's
a pirate well you ain't got no hook you
ain't got no patch and you ain't got no
mother effing parent so how the hell are
you a pirate
this one kid come to my house wearing a
tie what the hell are you dressed at
we're at a time you need an imagination
cuz your brain cells be dead some kids
want to get fresh with me Oh Oh kids
wanna be getting fresh with me it comes
in you didn't give me enough candy I
want that one I want this one oh I'm
sorry
do I look do I look like a menu do I
look like your mother effing waitress
I'm dressed as myself oh okay well if
you dress as yourself you can go all the
way back home as yourself and buy
yourself some mother effin candy how
about that cuz I give you free candy if
you ain't got a costume don't be ringing
my doorbell if you wait wearing a
costume people don't even do the basics
I'm talking you're gonna ring my
doorbell and then when I open the door
you're gonna stand there like a squirrel
in headlights looking like a damn
mannequin how do not even gonna say
trick-or-treat if you're just gonna
stand there I'm just gonna stare at you
Oh like I need to start giving an IQ
test at the bottom of the driveway and
when you get an acceptable score then
you can make your way to the door but
cuz don't be ringing my doorbell
if you ain't wearing a costume don't be
ringing my doorbell if you ain't scary
and don't be bringing in mind
you ain't even gonna say trick a mother
f injury these guys have a happy
Halloween
number four oh hell yeah you know I had
to do it amazing that you are man what
up everyone is your point okay it get
amazing that you bring seven months
nobody oh I don't understand what are
you doing sorry I've been kind of busy
but hey it's Halloween and they seize on
Halloween are the best all brown parents
why send their kids out trick or
treating at candy and they turn their
lights off vibe just so cheap man I had
a kid come to my house today with the
red circle of lipstick on his nose that
was his costume he was a red dot I can't
you um piece of uncle's give you kids
some proper costumes I mean your house
is probably stacked with baby powder
just use some of that that is so cheap
on Halloween is always trying to think
of ways to save money our house has the
worst candy we are the Tootsie Roll
house I'm talking seven months expired
half-opened dollar store candy I swear I
saw my dad give a kid a wet nap today
hey I am NOT Santa Claus and he never
lets me go to Halloween parties he
always makes me help him give kids candy
I don't care he's so into it the first
20 minutes with the fairies and
princesses and he gets so scared as soon
as I see a vampire as soon as he starts
getting scared of little kids just I'm
Anna
but do you look it cats laughing here
you go here you go happy Halloween then
we poppin it's a dolphin man you want me
to give a kid half a KitKat
madatha nya when I was younger my dad
used to take my candy from Chicco
treating and start giving that out did
that I am some sort of broken vending
machine I am a vending machine and my
dad is such a racist while giving out
candy she's racially profiling every kid
he's racially treating kids every open
Abunda gets five pieces of candy every
calculate a dog or a fella gets one one
piece of candy why dad why they're all
kids and my dad refuses to decorate the
house never any pumpkins never any
decorations never any ghosts it's never
scary maybe later on yet but that can I
like to see the bell on back and what's
the point of you being nice dad because
you're brown and your house is gonna be
covered in eggs tomorrow anyways anyways
guys I've decided I'm gonna make a new
video every week from now on
Yeah right and that's a wrap hope you
guys had a very happy Halloween and for
the record I recorded this entire video
with all the costumes and all the makeup
twice because the first time the audio
wasn't working so I think that goes
without saying that I love you so much
make sure you rate comment subscribe
peace
