what's the deal banana peel it's your
girl superwoman here with shady moments
like my hairstyle it's called I don't
care I don't curl actually I haven't
worked out for a while and I just had
McDonald so I decide to wash my hair
that is all right now a lot of guys be
messaging me on my facebook my Twitter
and my formspring and you know just
knocking on my door sending me emails
you little stalkers you asking me soup
woman how are you so confident and my
reply will always be pissing my pants
while making this video right now hmm
I'm just kidding but no really I got
really taken aback when people say that
to me because although I do seem
confident I have fears anxieties and all
that stuff just like you so I put on my
thinking hat boom and I came up with
five tips and how to be confident I'm
wearing to me pops I'm sorry I'm gonna
have to I just really wanted to plug in
the Hat like
so here we go five tips on how to be
confident applicable to both males and
females number one your eyes you Dickie
Dickie necessary when speaking to
someone try your best to look right into
their eyes face to face especially when
you're saying something important or
generally difficult to say it sends a
shiver down their spine like people look
away when they feel insecure or
uncomfortable but you're not
uncomfortable you're like good like a
foam mattress you know I love you and
I'm really sorry and I really want the
job you know I love you and honestly
listen I'm really sorry and no one could
do this job better than me
boom boom pow Black Eyed Peas black back
a wall number two your walk quite
bluntly don't walk like a sissy pansy
Ghostface donkey sucker even if you have
nowhere to go and you have no friends
and you're just walking in circles walk
like you have somewhere important to go
walk with a purpose shoulders back you
know head high okay not this high but
head high good posture long strides
almost like you're skiing but less it's
ah especially when you walk into a room
you walk into a room have presents when
you walk in we don't want to see no
tumble we're going by when you walk in
everyone should be like
making heads turn is not just an
expression okay baby
you make it happy womp womp womp womp
womp womp womp womp womp womp
sissy pansy donkey face sucker girl
nobody cares womp womp womp yeah ah oh
my god who is that and you want to carry
my conversation on anymore who is that
number three talk to yourself alone not
in public
don't be referred to a psychologist but
in case you do I'm really saying BA with
honors psychology up yourself in an
isolated place before every performance
and every speech and everything I ever
do that will fire some confidence you
can find me in some isolated place
talking to myself you you are superwoman
you are competent a beautiful young
woman you're gonna you're gonna kill
this dude you're gonna kill this beast
mold pump yourself up be your best
friend and encourage yourself motivate
yourself a lily number four don't worry
dude be happy to teach you to teach you
to be happy I know it sounds really
simple and you might be thinking what
does I have to do with confidence
confident people are happy people is
really hard to be confident if you're
down in the dumps surround yourself with
positive things ideas and people for
example the wall behind me if you have a
friend that put you down is really
really negative maybe you need to
surround yourself with more happy
campers and not debbie downer
effing Debbie oh my god love life love
the world and love yourself go ahead
give yourself a kiss just what hmm okay
don't get carried away that's how we go
to jail number five feel confident dress
to impress yourself
when you leave the house look at the
mirror look at yourself and if you don't
go Diane then you need to change feel
like a million bucks and that doesn't
mean have to spend a million bucks you
don't need that Gucci Gucci Fendi Fendi
Prada Prada you can be rocking that
straight 7:00 to 5:00 from Walmart and
still be hella hot I'm saying make sure
when you leave the house you're dressed
in the output that you feel confident in
if you're worrying about your crack
showing and you know your boobie popping
out and you know your pants being too
tight or too loose or something you're
not gonna feel confident each feel sexy
you need to feel hot need to feel okay
and everyone is beautiful in their own
way so don't give me no BS book I'm ugly
and my parents agree and my skin is ugly
and what the hell is that and my skin is
arguing everything no everyone is
beautiful in their own way so give me
that crap okay that means you just need
to connect with your inner swag can you
get it poppin all right trust me you're
beautiful and you last way I can see you
right I could see you is turning me on
right now well there you have it
now superheroes go and spread your
superpower awesomeness take over the
world with your confidence achieve your
goals and aspirations and live out your
dreams but you know what you could have
done that before this video because
you're awesome and maybe you just don't
tell yourself that enough so here you're
awesome now say it say it I have to show
you guys my shirt that anything what you
can do you guys can do better there's
this Wonder Woman - groans ow
Oh Lily and that's a wrap I love you
guys so much I hope this helps honestly
you guys are awesome but get the script
forget this I'm closing everything
covering my eyes you guys are awesome
and I don't need to read that off a
script to tell you that all right
have yourself a fantastic night and I
will see you on Thursday like always go
to sleep smiling much love one one
superwoman
do YouTube dance rate didn't didn't it
didn't comment didn't addicted to
subscribe rah-rah-rah
