I'm effed up
well howdy it's your girl superwoman
with the new video clearly types of
drunk people aka the drunken Airy now
before we begin let me lay down some
basic facts here at the beginning of the
night there's always three mistakes
every single time that girls make number
one what should I wear hmm it is snowing
outside should I wear jeans or a
miniskirt we always choose the miniskirt
because when we're getting ready we are
invincible
number two shadow my flats or heels we
always choose the heels because we're
stupid 90% of the time a girl will take
her phone into the club 80% of the time
she will lose her phone blackberry and
iPhone sales would go down 40% if girls
drunk girls just left their phone in
their damn hotel room or their car but
they never do now I just made all those
stacks up but I'm pretty sure they're
solid and there's several types of
drunks you know those ones that are nice
happy annoying funny I've categorized
them so next time you and your friends
go out you got yo number one the drunk
and the proud these people get so drunk
I'm talking yeah yo I'm stupid drunk
right and they just keep drinking and
drinking and drinking not only do they
get super super drunk but they want the
world to know they're drunk yo yo yo I'm
drunk young and the drunk is so too
pretty thing some guy if drunk for the
country right I need the King I'll be
the king hey all a bagina
it is it rented into retreat technically
to smash I'm so dumb car like VIN car
number two
the undercover drunk now these people
get so drunk but they cannot admit
they're drunk
I'd say the majority of brown girls fall
into this category why are you touching
me and that's flat okay
god no it's the heel the heel I'm I'm
not drunk
there's a chicken bro as a - yo I knew
drinking and raw chicken
Salman Azam bro I swear if your face is
in the toilet and you are puking and you
don't know where you are and use a hot
mess
use drunk number three the drama queens
okay every group of girls has this girl
who gets drunk and instantaneously just
turns into some bollywood monster who
just starts crying about her boyfriend
and just texting him I love him honestly
it's my fault I should know got mad at
you for cheating on me like that I love
it Louie why does he love me I think
someone spiked my drink like sister I'm
you're trying to chop other guys trying
to find a boyfriend I don't need you
crying over your boyfriend who's cheated
on you 50 times who you're texting right
now again do I need to pull the globe
again and do the wake up sister video
don't make don't make me do it
like you take a sip of alcohol and your
lady balls just fall off like grow a
pair sister number four with the Sloopy
hot mess title is pretty
self-explanatory
these people are not only drunk as hell
but they want to have babies
hi what's your name
I have boobies they are the reason the
population is growing at such a rapid
rate beta you were born at Alexis mommy
how are babies born well sweetheart when
a boy and a girl meet each other at the
club and they're up against the wall
number 5 the philosopher this person
drinks and suddenly turns into Einstein
just like it's like this drink it's like
is this how I fulfill myself you know
like do do i am i this bottle do like
I'm just like no she's like what's the
meaning of life yeah I mean I'm I'm here
yeah sure you know both here having a
good time you know I'm just just just
killing ourselves you know like wait leg
isn't worth it it's just like you know
like and my mom's done so much for me
hey and like she came to this country
with $3 you know it's just like just no
shoes just in the snores my guys just
been grindings like I'm sitting here you
know I'm just we drinking him slay who's
like like what what did I just do right
now yeah eunuch Shh
baby no I'm done drinking I quit you
know I miss not it's the economy so bad
you know and just do the we got a black
president now yeah I mean just don't
know if you're gonna eat a piece of
chicken and die is you know there's so
much you know like I might be drinking
SARS right now you know there's just the
world is crazy man it's just the world
is crazy and
she's so hard it's a hard-knock life
mine's jay-z it's just hard on that you
know number six the bottle charmer these
are mostly brown guys the guys who just
don't want to chop girls they don't want
to talk to anyone they just want to make
love to their beer bottles and have
little bottle cap children oh my king
number seven the buzzkill this person
has suddenly remembered every problem in
their life wants to complain and nag you
guys go ahead honestly don't worry about
me go have fun
you just I'll be here by myself I'm such
a loser oh great now I have to puke even
when liberals a loser
you can my bar kids a failure do I look
like Freud and my Freud do I have Freud
written in my a my people drink so that
people become less annoying to them they
do not drink so that you become more
annoying and annoy them and kill their
buzzers like buzz kill number eight the
Care Bear now this person is just super
happy when they're drunk I'm talking
hugging everyone kiss thing just their
emotions are pouring out of them this
guy's great
this guy's great calm down it have a
moment bro I love you right
yo I love this girl I love this guy
if I didn't have this person I've strip
I mean there's no point living
you look like P watt see put young but
but young so young now you see there's a
mix between the drunk and the proud and
the undercover drunk it's a rare hybrid
breed of drunk it's usually brown guys I
haven't given this its own category
because it's a blend of the two like a
shih tzu and a poodle a choux dough kind
of thing this person stands by the bar
acts really really shy suddenly like he
takes a sip of alcohol and that sip
unleashes the Michael Jackson in him and
he thinks he's an amazing dancer
suddenly TKO and everyone's down so just
flinging everyone's completely taking
over the dancefloor
knocking vp's out and stuff like that
stepping up people saris girls are
running away crime Victor let the keep
and there you have it the drunk ssin
area don't forget to hit like subscribe
and comment below telling me what kind
of drunk you is until next time yeah
okay bye
don't drink if you're underage don't
drink illegally and don't drink and
drive
oh yeah yeah
