um
yo
I was scared I would slit my wrists
today I look at my wrist and it says
fearless I was hurt by your friend I
thought it was the end
now people saying I wish Lily was my
best friend I've been on that bridge
I've been on the edge I've been on that
ledge
yeah probably shit I've been on some
mess but if 888 I nobody was born
now I'm getting birthday wishes all the
way from Singapore really really yes you
and India - you can't Kali's your pants
to name a few some people thinking I'm
fishing and calling me the Loch Ness
listen before me you do what like at
best hand the reference from the girls
that were told they can't you can't and
you will sit will suit I stand I can't
take this wag didn't come with a price
tag
it was born for many dark nights huh
Batman
yo not just another use to personality
on my life life you are not just a
friend to me I don't want it I need this
I breathe this I have paid my dues I
deserve to receive death for that single
mother taking care for girls I was
juggling just to show her the other side
of the world they say they follow the
norms are you will lose the battle but I
got my followers and a room full of
shadow cuz I broke the rules and I
fucked the truth told every guy out
there I can do what you do I got a tape
on my back I got an S on my chest
I will not lose no I will prove I'm the
best no hate no fear within itched in my
skin cuz the fear and hate I will never
ever win and when I searched Superman I
will keep pushing until YouTube says did
you mean superwoman run here they come
what they call
late night trap woman what up
