do you remember tiny yeah what up
everyone it's your girl superwoman
welcome to shady moments or walk down
memory lane
this video is for you kids were raised
in the 90s
okay and if you're too young to relate
to anything in this video comment like
and subscribe anyways okay thanks
and you know I have to start with
trading cards I'm talking about Pokemon
I'm talking about Dragon Ball Z and the
sense of beans I'm talking about Sailor
Moon I'm talking about everything me
personally I didn't know much about any
of those things but I knew how to do one
thing I'm a hustler
I'm a hustler I stopped Park up by the
monkey bars at recess with fresh crisp
looking Sailor Moon cards just hustling
all those kids you know all these little
girls who were so in love
Dameon or Darien dialogue whatever that
guy's name was that everyone thought was
so sexy from Sailor Moon which by the
way is hella creepy because he's a
cartoon and you's a real person but yeah
I used to park up just with Sailor Moon
cars Magill Sailor Venus yes to the
suicide of Jupiter you got the good you
get good so good you got what you got
yeah yeah the good just trading
chocolate bars Oreos just getting my
grind on to him some Fendi Prada
boom boom pow
you with me baby ami so let's do it like
they do on the Discovery Channel
Tamagotchis nano pets whatever you want
to call them all the rage I swear to God
my Tamagotchi took on Indian
characteristics I would go to sleep you
know say goodnight and nothing down low
gotcha put it to bed and like in the
middle of the night it would just climb
out of the little machine running down
the stairs to the fridge and eat like
Raja maan like both roti or like
something cuz when I wake up there's
like 21 piles of crap waiting for me on
that time watching
you get beat and that's why all these
teeny boppers who are becoming mothers
are terrible
our generation of mothers will be
terrible because we're just gonna be you
know slacking on parents big uns and you
know be like where's the reset button it
doesn't work that way a little bit of
sandra in the sun hogs oh my god i
didn't know anything about pogs either
but it was just crucial to existence so
I would just stacking pogs to the
perfect height and there used to be
these like metal slammer things and you
just be slamming everyone's pogs and
just funny how the same kids today or
slamming each other but in a different
way I do not care if this is a one-hit
wonder the song of life for 90's kids
that thunk thunk thunk um I like a
Winnebago babe Mickey buddy girl bye
Mickey buddy sure this is not even a
joke this is just a fact like I am a
spice girl like I am I am super spice
and I will fight until the death for
that title Backstreet Boys and Spice
Girls are life their life they're not
boyband they're not girl band they are
not music ain't it funny how things
change back in the day all boys used to
our extra extra extra large shirt and
pants and nowadays those same boys have
to like strategically arrange their junk
to fit into these skinny skinny jeans
talk to the hand cause the face ain't
listening I'm rubber and you're glue
whatever you say bounces off of me and
sticks to you I don't care if they come
out with a PS 12 or like a Nintendo
Galaxy starship laser beam trooper the
best systems in the world are Super
Nintendo
and n64 just just there's no discussion
that's period period let's just be real
all technology originated from duck
hunter that was the great don't we are
all technology originated from duck
hunter I mean that was the greatest I
feel like every life lesson patience
honesty virtue came from duck hunters
honestly s Jersey Shore it's all about
Saved by the Bell
although Zack is the real situation
before YouTube there was Napster you
know god bless you and your illegal
music Napster wrestling when it was WWF
before it got sued by the World Wildlife
Foundation
now it's WWE I'm talking Razor Ramon I'm
talking a Hulk Hogan even if you want to
go before the walk Austin Triple H
the Undertaker I'm talking you the
Undertaker not
know we Oh Undertaker Vince McMahon D X
jaw closed GG now I watch less thing
these days and you just jam shame on you
Power Rangers with the basic colors no
turquoise off Y you know maroon I'm
talking of a sick colors before I was
all like you know up in space with
flying and all this crap up talking dry
source wrecks fighting those monsters
that were you cute and you know nice now
the fighting things are so real like
SARS and stuff that just no no
Nadia but I up the up and die I would be
a die Polly Pocket no I'm I'm I'm
serious about my Polly Pocket I feel
like all my irrational expectations have
come from Polly Pocket oh you bought me
roses a do they open up into a mansion
with a swing with tiny people
no then we don't what a bit good for
light the right you kids these days with
your iPhone's and your 3d TVs you are
missing out because you do not have
colored pegs
that fit into a black screen that light
up and just I cannot I cannot I cannot
believe I do not have light bright right
now I just sketch student bodies
nananana nanana nanan in there I don't
know the word but I know the two men in
there
and soldier boy ain't got jack on that
boy needs world one Saturday morning
that is the shiznit I was getting
married this Saturday I will not be able
to wake up I've been I'm sleepy with you
but if one Saturday morning was on six
o'clock pick one Saturday morning the
red pepper man she's too cool for
seventh grade it was actually it's no
joke
I was actually sad when I found out that
mr. dressup died just I don't I learned
his English thank thanks for watching
