hello there do your parents hate you if
you're a brown person like me then
everyone hates you why because you suck
but not to worry
this tutorial will teach you how to be
the perfect brown person society your
community your aunt's your uncle's and
your parents will finally love you
if born a girl step 1
be born a girl by 30 days of life have
your ears pierced by the time you can
walk start sweeping go to school with an
oily grade like this I'm talking grease
ball if you can't find samosa in it
you're not doing it right
use a dark mofo make yourself lighter
try using fairness creams or take a
shower and milk we're your brothers
hand-me-down clothes and don't complain
great for picture day the elementary
school don't talk to boys don't talk to
black people say Cecilia called with
both hands do good in school but better
in the kitchen
what good is math you can't make subject
take classical dance lessons make round
rotis or no one will marry you don't
wear dresses shorter than your knees or
you're a slut in high school don't talk
to boys don't perform at people's
weddings girls who dance are whores when
you have an opinion wash the dishes be
quiet in university don't talk to boys
study law or medicine artists
psychologists and teachers are not real
people don't drink alcoholic substances
the only thing you should smoke is a
good about the value do pot don't have
fun
don't get tattoos don't dye your hair
don't do anything even if there's no one
sitting in the passenger seat sit in the
back forget your talents and pick up a
pot never believe in yourself no matter
what your inner Drive says don't be
silly you're a woman you can't drive
when you turn 22 don't talk to boys when
you turn 23 get married give his family
thousands of dollars so you can marry
him can we say dowry get your freak on
have a baby it's a girl
try again be a housewife with a
university degree cook dinner every day
clean your kids
poopy forget your dreams and aspirations
reproduce three more times and then die
if born a boy step one be born a boy
thanks for watching congratulations you
are now qualified to be an a.1 Brown
person your community and parents should
be accepting you shortly
and yo I'm really happy for you and imma
let you finish but I just made one of
the most sarcastic videos of all time
but a little pow take that society
but how fast can you read how fast can
you rate how fast can you rate how fast
can you break fast i braid i braid fast
a bread laughs upgrade upgrade fast
braid braid braid braid pow pow pow pow
pow pow
BAM come at me bro
