what up everyone it's your girl
superwoman now hey Riley why you looking
like I'm big man I actually just came
back from a wedding related event from
my cousin's wedding we did and it's
Monday so you know it's shady moments
day now I know I'm not wearing glasses
on I thought it would be kind of silly
to wear glasses with my suit and what
will people think kind of thing
welcome to shady moments so since it's
my cousin's wedding weekend I decide to
do this shady moments about the wedding
experience we start off with the getting
ready process first of all it's not just
the ceremonies on the reception you got
the ladies and grief you got the Torah
you got the to neat it on Jana Peng you
got the day after event do I you need at
least a good solid seven outfit with
matching bangla and earrings and these
earrings right here phones they're not
light they're very heavy in fact my ear
lobe is been sitting dirty filthy slut
this weekend because the amount of
earrings that have gone through my
earlobe is just wrong and my ears are
dying in there dead at the ceremony well
it really depends if you're all the
girls side of the guys side see I've had
the honor of experiencing both when
you're on the girls side the morning
kind of sucks you know you go to the
Gurdwara or your respective temple you
kind of wait there you stand around this
is really not anything exciting you're
kind of just like wait dr. B yeah see
great doc Don I need to stop
isn't it RP Nia you're on the guy side
it's like mad Roenick you're just there
was like an elephant and a horn beauty
lay on it - laughs okay now I'm like let
you in on a little secret it's essential
for the bride to cry during the ceremony
because if you don't you just stuck up
and I'm grateful or so they say not a
dig deep and think of every painful
thought to start crying clearly come on
chilly last Lavo here dead puppy dead
Lilly dead puppy dead don't smile don't
you dare smile Lilly doc this bastard is
stealing you from your family
you're leaving mummy daddy you're
getting your life is over is I'll cry
you bet
you better cry right now on tour is over
you're never gonna see are you again
Harry Potter seasons done just you
better cry right now Lily cry come on
you're tied to the guy and if he walks
too fast we're gonna be like being
dragged along with you but what are you
gonna do not to mention every time I sit
in the burned water my feet I'm falling
asleep what if your feet are asleep and
you've to walk or with walk around
could you imagine just be like limping
around like that'd be terrible every
situation where the room is so packed
I'm sitting here my mom's here my
sister's here it's there's clearly no
space anywhere in the area and 1bp will
come you know all innocent-looking of
the evil cuz I sir disguise all innocent
mockingly what but wait daga heavier but
this is the room foot and clearly
there's not but either way the BBC I
cope with it might just let me just okay
hop what tea tea cup of tea cup is there
a free parking sign on my crotch that I
don't know about if not that why that
ever you all up on my ish BB and now I'm
sitting there like this because some BB
I decided to sit on my left left and my
right nut and every lap and I'm just the
matter how many hours you spend getting
ready for your wedding because one thing
will ruin every single picture you have
and that is very malls the bandanas that
the uncles use to put on their head
uncle's claim to be smarter than every
unbe in the world but they can't manage
to tie a square piece of cloth on their
head without looking like the damn KKK
up in the Gurdwara talking you're
standing there with your uncle's you
know all did up with your $3,000 line
and taking pictures and they all look
like this
oh I hate this one with this flap is
here then we move on to the reception
Hey bust out those Saracens Langa's no
matching earrings Bunga bindi I just
kept atop Sara
gotcha says six on the card you go there
by eight okay ain't Jack Hackney before
that the performances now as a fungal
captain I want to clarify just make this
very evident to all brides and grooms
the normal amount of performances is to
anything more than two is a talent show
okay people be having five performances
by people just sitting there like what
the hell just open the bar and let me do
some backup I don't want to be sitting
here and I want to be sitting here I
would go to my daughter's damn cultural
show at or high school I'm doing that
either but I want to enjoy I love all
types of dance but can I just be real
for a second if you want to get the
party started you're going to need to
have some punk rock performances up in
that joint all right you're gonna need
some su PD you need some nuts DiGiovanni
you're gonna need some NYPD and you
definitely gonna need some ntp if you
want to start the party so that might
mean you might need to break your little
nieces heart and say no sweetie you can
do a 10-minute dance to Arunachala I
generate chill energy a lady yeah Nigel
a night to learn let's imagine God oh
not silly
not to let me yeah just not Julia
tourniquet indicate Ernie God all that
no I don't know where this trend started
up throwing $1 bills first of all we
livin in the ca√±edo okay we don't have
the $1 bill I mean if you're gonna try
to be a ball or uncle want to start
throwing some fives or don't make it
rain with ones just make it hail and
start throwing some damn - knees and we
all know that little kids and drunk and
uncles are sneakily picking up the money
and pocketing it
ha you you do it I do what we all do it
and the party the dancing the dranking
starts and every girl is looking for her
brother or cousin somewhat your bhaji
can you go to the bar get me little
goose in my Oh jakey
because they don't want their undies and
uncles to see them at the bar well what
do you think sweetie you think that your
mummy daddy is seeing you there with our
orange juice our thinking that you just
need some vitamin C homie
don't be stupid no just because you're
standing there like oh I don't go to the
bar because I you know my brother just
got me some orange juice sweetie
your sari is falling off just your how
much just all on that note if you're
gonna be gettin hella smashed and turn
into a hot mess oh sorry is not the
right option for you my dear if you're
gonna be friggin a hot mess there may be
a piece of cloth wrapped around you is
not the best option it's not like you go
and get smashed with the towel around
you right same kind of deal put your
boobies back in your blouse okay and
cover yourself up baby girl many times
you've been dancing and your good eye
and your earring gets tough I'm just
serious question just food oh my god
wedding reception food is brilliant
it's brilliant you know I might not even
be hungry but I'm stacking my plate
butter chicken goat meat egg nog the
rest of my life for days and then I get
to the rice I cannot explain to the
types of ish I see in rice d-day you
know raisins nuts Vegeta or GI hey gia
cherries like should I'm gonna find
freaking kinder surprises in my rice
that just keep it simple and you need to
upgrade like the goldwater I need some
sectional plates up in this mold focus
I'm sick of having a nice simile and
like water salad like I'm sick and you
need some sections open this in a like a
DI okay listen
I know it's corny but I love video
guardian if you couldn't do it you could
properly you do not do the railgun D 50%
you don't you like updated yeah you said
D was if you know a little train you
gonna do it you're gonna get the whole
wedding party okay you're gonna be like
a little do so DJ another do so DJ
another deal around the whole damn hard
to do properly and with respect okay
what is the need to record me a 1 or +1
first choice video people eating like I
won't here in peace why I'm and the
video guys gonna come round I'm sick and
you know that's when you have to start
the pretty eating that that's when the
party practicing pays off ladies
gentlemen and that's pretty much it
that's the wedding madness but you know
on that note I love every bit of
weddings and I love family and I love
the Roenick and I love all the events
huge huge shout out to my cousin that
got married huge congratulations to you
guys you guys definitely had the party
of the year mrs. boombastic I love you
so much you know who you are
congratulations to you too soup woman
that's a wrap
