well hello there fun what's up a boy
it's a girl superwoman damn see you
later then today's video is going to be
about Indian superstition I know every
culture a superstition
but I feel like brown people just have a
million so of no introduction I'm just
gonna dive right in
I know what you guys were when I was
growing up I feel like everything that
annoyed my mom and dad was bad luck I
feel like they just made it up anything
that annoyed you like don't do that
Lilly that's a bad luck shaking please
that's a bad luck swinging feet back and
forth that's a bad luck I used to
collect rocks when I was younger I was
obsessed I was if you're igneous
sedimentary friggin metamorphose I was
down with rocks my mom said keeping
rocks in the house is bad luck way to
kill my dream of being a rock scientist
don't play with scissors no no I will
play with scissors what's gonna happen
you got Brandon me
you've got friendly rough ahead and
you're miles
nice woman you don't remember what to
open for you got a baby and I'm still
just kidding and just the opposite all
terrible things that could happen to our
good luck if you're pulling a triptych
Roshan and you have an extra thumb
that's a good luck left eye twitching
them's good luck boy or is that one guy
it's different there than girl but I do
G good luck mommy my hand is it teeth
oh that's not good luck are you ready
for this it's your special day you wake
up hair did five in the morning paid
show the room breakin six hundred
dollars spent twelve hours getting ready
couldn't sleep all day
Mandy indicator can you open the door
and it's raining it's pouring would you
know where that's a good luck raining on
your wedding day that's not good luck
that means in my last leg I was Charlie
freakin Sheen and God hates me
good good luck got a logo oh no no and
if you have an outing it's not just that
you can leave the house there's several
factors that go into leaving the house
the operations about you my dad Lily
which okay if you like Jennifer tattoos
goodbye have a good day I'll please
gonna both knees or not okay by that
which is more get you or me with us so
no bar has your mom ever said this one
didn't a house not a night off
what's your beef with me laughing like
what I'm gonna tell you how every world
war was started right now
oh sorry bro
good
no it doesn't have to be this way bro
put a dare partner
you're right I love you bro
a little developer to you other other e
ye it's just so hard to walk in text no
my fault my fault my motto I love you
bro
I love you chin kuzey represent babe
yeah
you step on somebody's shoe I don't care
if it's gonna kick that Gollum whoever
it is you chase him down the block and
shake his hand
but it she's gonna hit the ceiling I hi
mom and no no with brown people bad
things just don't happen you know we
don't just trip we don't just cut
ourselves bad things never just happen
if they happen someone's giving us the
evil eye
it was a wide range around people who
believe this might our best friends when
their mom thought I was doing the evil I
chopped up a bunch of peppers to him on
the stove and just burn the evil eye
away and almost the helps to do you see
my hair look at my hair
it's hella long if I feel the strength
encouraging energy to wash it I want to
wash it I don't care for tea one day I
don't if it's Tuesday don't wash your
hair on Tuesday and Thursday I cannot
comprehend where such superstitions come
from it ha how did how how was that
superstition given birth like how was it
conceived like the water gods and the
shampoo God got together had a party on
a Tuesday but then like the shampoo got
a fight with the water so they're like
no on Tuesdays it ain't going down like
huh
that's yeah that's that's pretty much
the best story I could come up with well
you know what I don't get ok I don't get
I don't get I don't get I I'm going to
wash my hair on Tuesday
you
or not have you ever heard this one did
you come back from a funeral you can't
step inside a house unless you eat
something sweet first then what are you
thinking that the evil spirit that's
possessing me is gonna be like well I
was going to possess your daughter with
an you gave me peace of laddu so it's
okay could you imagine paranormal
activity that was the case I just got
friggin pieces of not doing the crab
piece of that dough on the counter
please let go over here the ghost
wouldn't be bothering me just play okay
thank you on to the next one
anyways guys I can't make this video too
long because my new pub is coming over
for the first time and first time
you
alright guys that's a wrap I hope you
enjoyed it if you did click the like
button and hey click subscribe it's
right there I mean really it's right and
if you don't I'm pretty sure you can
have bad luck Facebook and Twitter links
in the description and honestly I love
you guys so breena's analogy okie
