Hey how's it going it's a girl
superwoman and today I'm going to do
what I like doing most and that's making
you guys smile so today I'm going to
share with you 10 reasons why you should
smile / be happy here we go you ready
you ready I'm ready
are you ready let's do this number one
first of all you're watching my video
right now on youtube so not only are you
fortunate enough to have a computer have
internet access and watch YouTube videos
but you have eyes and ears to watch this
video now we take that for granted every
single day so I want you to sit and
reflect for a moment and be like wow I
should really be thankful for that so
you should definitely smell for your
eyes your ears and everything you have
that other people would die for because
you blessed number two you see this it's
a clock well no I like it's a watch but
it takes time away observe oh my god I'm
so sad and I'm so miserable I don't I
hate mine honestly I hate my life
I'll see nothing goes my way observe
honestly I'm having such a good day life
is beautiful there's so many things I
take for granted honestly I should be
more grateful the sky is blue the grass
is green it's it's a beautiful day did
you notice how whether you're sad
frustrated upset crying miserable
either way the clock is ticking but this
clock is not gonna stand still for you
so for every minute that you're upset
and you're crying and you're frustrated
and you have messy hair for every moment
is a moment of happiness wasted dirty
possibly the most important out of all
10 guys you can't flip your hair if
you're not smiling
observe
now that's just silly we all know the
proper way to flip your hair is with a
big smile
myrfor I don't think we realize that I
could pick up my phone right now or be a
few clicks away from getting Chinese
food BJD both socially KSC and several
other options I could cook well right
now and feed four people with a large
pizza for five bucks and dust that's
nothing all the times you complain about
all my mom made this sub gee I don't
like at all I'm so hungry I'm starving
on this on that quick story my friend
went to Nicaragua wants to do I'm like
you know those things really help build
schools and stuff like that she's an
awesome person and she told me how every
day every single day for a month
she ate rice and beans rice and beans
for a month
and believe it or not this is a few
don't like kind of bug related things
don't listen skip forward but she said
as she was eating it those like ants
crawling throughout it but there was no
choice and the people were so happy to
eat it think about that for a second
guys how lucky we are to open our fridge
and be like wow so you know what reason
number four to smile open your fridge
you blessed homie number five
music did I say more honestly whether
you like the deep sentimental Adele kind
of like just music we're just sitting
and thinking whether you like the
nonsense fist pumping song makes no
sense kind of LMFAO style music was made
to make you smile so if you're feeling
down and you're not smiling go to
youtube and play some music man sexy and
I know it I'm sexy and I know it
fuck like an Egyptian and crazy get
laugh
get get get crazy get loud having fun
isn't hard when you've got a library
card I'll take a hi dr. hi hi tickle
number six
my sponsor child Muskaan wrote to me
from India recently and said one of the
ways she helps her family is by carrying
water now that's probably carrying water
on her head that's probably really heavy
that's probably for more well that's
probably really really far away
we have privileges like this the least
we can do is smile about it cheers buddy
number seven Wow smiles are honestly
really really useful say your ass and
aqua question and you don't want to
answer just smile your way out of it so
Lily but the do you have a boyfriend
Lily do you mind if I let my pet walrus
wash its face in your washroom hey Lily
we should go out tonight I don't know I
not I'm actually not feeling too well my
stomach's kind of hurting so I should
probably stay in why is your stomach
hurting I don't know what you know it's
just upset it's just hurting so it's
probably best if I don't go out tonight
is it something you ate
uh no it's just turning you know my girl
and my stomach's hurting so you know why
is it hurting though okay okay yeah
period yeah
douchebag number eight it's contagious
smiling is contagious which means if I
do this whole number eight smiling like
this you're gonna start smiling and then
your neighbor is gonna start smiling and
then your neighbor's mom's gonna start
smiling and then she's gonna smile while
she walking a dog and then her neighbors
gonna smile which is not you I mean the
other neighbor on the other side and
then his aunt is gonna smile then just
the whole world will be smiling cuz
we're smiling good tell me you're not
smiling or not tapped um tell me let's
Colgate urtica Cole gate it up come on
smile fifty not seven not a but know if
you like my videos which I'm hoping you
do since you're watching right now
you'll be happy to know that number nine
has to do with you because with this
month the month of October 2011 I have
created a schedule for you guys so you
know exactly what to expect when I do
stuff and here it is
every Monday such as today I'm gonna
release a shady moments video about
nothing just
something I think about on the spot or
just you know random lands and random
stuff
not too much scripted stuff so every
Monday that's the third 10th 17th and
24th I will release a shady moments
video on to Wednesday's out of a month
which is going to be this Wednesday
October 5th and October 19th I will be
doing a Ustream from 8 o'clock to around
10 o'clock and I'll also be calling my
fans during that time so I could be
calling you every Thursday for this
month I'm going to be releasing a video
I don't know what the videos gonna be on
I don't know but every Thursday and
hopefully you can watch it after Jersey
Shore because that usually takes a lot
of my views away damn Snooki see what
happened there I wasn't looking at the
iMovie and I was looking at my calendar
and I did that whole rule of my hair
messy I don't want to do any candle I'll
just smile number 10 Oh No the spine it
got a leg II didn't like it most
importantly if all else fails in life be
happy and smile because you can do the
wiggle dance
Oh
don't act like you're too cool to wiggle
to do it come on do it do it do it do it
do it
wait go wake up wake up wake up wake up
wig what these guys that's a wrap and
don't forget to smile
right
Oh
