what's going on everyone it's a girl
soup woman here to tell you about
something really really important and
kind of annoying to be honest which is
why I'm all spiffy right now she just
came back from a YouTube partners
meeting it was really really cool I met
a lot of cool people and I learned a lot
of stuff about YouTube that I didn't
know before and I'm here to tell you
about one of their new business
strategies I guess something sort of
basically I don't know you guys have
been hearing rumors um I can tell you
firsthand that I heard it myself so I'm
tell you some inside information
starting January 1st YouTube is going to
start doing this business strategy where
you know right now when you watch videos
there's those ads before the videos and
like as bottom they're really annoying
so basically what they're gonna do is
they're gonna get rid of those that's
the good news but the bad news is that
actually each users gonna have to pay a
very very small amount ik I'm talking
very very small amount every time they
watch a video as I'm talking a couple
cents so it's not really going to break
your bank but you are gonna get charged
to watch youtube videos so basically
YouTube is done and as told as is that
they're going to for two reasons they're
going to one help us get more views and
two we're going to help them get more
users basically by allowing us partners
to let you guys keep youtube for free to
basically because I'm a partner in my
video they've embedded a code that
allows me to help you guys keep your
YouTube for free you got to do three
things not yet I'm gonna tell you what
because a certain time a guy's got to do
it number one make sure you're logged on
to your facebook if something pops up
saying allow Google or YouTube or
whatever access to your Facebook just
click yes if it doesn't happen that
means you don't have a firewall you
don't need to worry about it
okay so during this pause right now as
the screen is black and white you need
to do the following like this video you
need to comment in the comments below
I'll wait for you into comments saying I
want free YouTube make sure you're
logged on with your own account with
your own username so they give it to the
right person
so you liked the video you commented I
want for you to post that comment make
sure you log on to your Facebook post
this video on your wall so that
everybody else can know I'm gay for
YouTube because I don't want you guys
paying to watch in YouTube that's just
silly let me know your dad do
are you done you done and that's the
inside scoop soup woman's got your back
I would never let you guys pay for you
to make sure you do that and one more
thing make sure you smack yourself hold
on that's more like it
with that being said if I see one more
chain letter I'm going to have to kill
myself it's time to get a chain that I'm
not done did you think broadcasting
87-61 z2x b75 on your baby I was going
to fix your bbm you do not deserve a
blackberry and if you think hot meals
gonna delete your account because you
don't forward ten people a poem you need
to go the hell back to the rock agent
sorry
and if you think Facebook's gonna start
charging you if you don't post something
on your wall you are just marks little
toy and he is laughing at you so hard
right now what do you think you think
Google+ comes and as you know
competitive strategy they're gonna start
charging people are serious stop posting
that crap that no no dirt and if you
think seven seven eight nine to one
jokes are cool at gmail.com is gonna
shut down your account for not doing a
free offer you need to sit down and
reflect on your actions and behavior and
if you are convinced by the line it was
on the news well you know what a study
was done recently that show people like
you are stupid
it was almost we're all supposed to die
in 2000 that was also on the news
and in 2013 when I'm jamming like this
I'm gonna be like you know what 2012 I
was supposed to be that was all news
if you've stopped a girl for ten years
you bought her rings you bought her
chocolate you bought her flowers you've
written her poems you've done everything
for her and she don't like you sending
ten people a chain letter is not gonna
make her like you so please no good good
what do you thinks can happen um I don't
know like the chain letter God's called
me and I heard you only sent it to nine
people so a couple of seconds well Zaun
read the year someone sent me a message
saying send this to ten people or
something really bad will happen I will
stir lap you stop I listen to you
you
