I walk around with my head so high ain't
rocking airborne us but I Stay I am so
single so I chop guys I said it all wet
but I tell lies I'm a crazy chick I do
what I want when I feel okay I got that
line from ever-loving but hey I still
ain't got no job besides monopolies feel
Superman maybe DC but I'm so real and I
say I had better say I have this but I
got Jack cuz I talk I say I Drive wits
with Lamborghini doors but I Drive
around in my mom's Accord I ain't a
student but I used SPC and abuse all the
way to a psych degree hey hey that's
York University pending $10,000 parking
these days a school I am super I tell
them discus even when I'm sad I'll rock
black Dixon and when they hate my shoes
or crisp all day every day
our rock block kicks uh Rach right
I love black 600 block block block kicks
they ask me why I'm super I tell them
yeah hello woman be rocking dance laughs
like kids I wanted on my hair so hot hot
pink so my brain grows Musha and hot
when I think and yeah
I might sound like I smoked some weed
but I go greens on roll hug trees
actually hmm that's the most action I
get cuz I will never go even if they
ready set I'm waiting for Nicki Minaj to
come employ me but right now it's like
producers just ignore me hmm maybe it's
because I can't really wrap or because I
do p90 nothing and I'm getting fat and
yeah I'm up and jumping sucks dude I add
a good love and got 20 bucks cuz I'm
always buying chests I don't like
Punjabi just because they hurt my feet
so I rock fly kicks when I'm in my body
let's start a new trend ladies come
follow me
let's Ross black kicks when we judge me
like they ask me why I'm super I tell
them this cuz even when I'm sad I want
black kicks and even when they hate my
shoes or crisp all day every day our
rock block kicks my rock rock
rock block kicks I'll rock I'll rock
block kicks hey ask me why I'm super I
tell them yes hello woman be rocking
them slap black yeah yo all dead you
ball supa dupa takes your size home
tries to swag it kids pepper Lane Greg
with the scrap I'm loving black on the
backend high-top heaven pink of the
Yellow Springs black the silver rings
pro with the Belko get oh yes I know
great little cuties with the white Nike
swagger right thing just letting me help
so if you ain't got a boyfriend and you
just lost your very best friend huh yeah
girls don't like you and Jason just
won't wife
