ah honestly what the hell are you doing
Facebook good what are you doing why
this Facebook feel the need to
continuously change itself before
Facebook used to be so black and white
plain and simple easy to use and now
base looks like freakin yeah oh no shhh
very easy to function very yes/no
approved gonna poo confirm ignore very
plain and simple
everything was fine it wasn't an extra
course in school it wasn't step by 6240
it was just Facebook good social network
waste my life kill my brain cells
Facebook now you turn this ish into like
some hardcore complicated algebra
physics chemistry ish where I need to
think about using Facebook Cyril you
guys were on Facebook few days ago
basically in the span of one second they
changed the layout like literally I was
on my finger I was stalking someone Oh
were they doing they did this oh he did
that i refresh the page and it was
completely different like the blue got
bluer and like the side of my screen was
giving me a seizure because there was so
much crap I just like and in the corner
there was this note like now all your
stories are in one place and then there
was three bullets under that said oh
recent stories are at the top right pass
drawers are on the left and some stories
have a blue corner what I'll give you a
blue corner okay
Mark Zuckerberg or whatever your name is
I mean if you're gonna change so many
things on Facebook why don't you change
the things that actually need to be
fixed for example 5 a 30 second video
why does it take 4 hours to upload it
why don't you fix that if I start
changing all this other unnecessary
garbage have you noticed how it used to
be home profile but now they change it
to profile home
why when we're so used to the home
profile and you switch switch the
orientation of those two so now anytime
I want home I could profile when I want
profile I click home so what are you
doing that if Facebook were traffic it
would go like this
we know red means stop and green means
go but yeah we're just gonna switch it
up and now when it's green stop when
it's ready mmmm we'll be notified every
time the car to the back the front the
left or the right of you changes their
radio station notifications the blue
corner will come across your windshield
as you're making a left turn so you
crash and die and burn and to make your
vehicle more user friendly we have
decide to place your steering wheel in
your trunk
there should also be an option to block
certain people from inviting you to
event if I get invited to one more shake
and pop booty bouncing at the Bluffs
that tea wine and dine sweat that mush
up Monday's freaky yard Fridays I'm
going to lose my mind stop fixing what
doesn't need to be fixed Facebook is
very annoying I understand Google+ is
here and you're all like scared because
oh no what if you don't make another 30
billion dollars but tongue you Facebook
you know stop Facebook is going to turn
to face broke get it get it does corny I
know but like get it cuz they won't have
don't have billions of dollars and
Google+ one
so I said keys okay that's all they need
to bring they see planet back
