every waste you about to relate to this
video whatever I wanted to girl
superwoman and I'm gonna be real back in
the day when I was in school I was
actually a very successful student okay
I got good grades that were part of my
assignments etc but I had one Kryptonite
and that was my love for sleep right off
about a dollar for every time I told
sleep over school I would be a lo
Wayne's crew being like yung mulah by a
man also not making any damn sense the
problem was the version of Lily that set
the alarm clock at night was very
delusional okay I need to leave at 10:00
because of traffic so 9:30 although I do
think it's important to have a complete
breakfast with all four food groups so
9:00 and you know what I really could
benefit from morning yoga so 8:30 you
know what let's just say 8:00 a.m. to be
safe I have a really good feeling about
this oh shut the f up talking about
breakfast and the four years of
university i legit had breakfast twice
and both times it was because I
swallowed my gum
girl you know damn well what's gonna
happen the next morning here's the thing
right I can shut up an alarm clock
without even realizing it like I won't
legit shut off my alarm without even
interrupting my REM sleep it's just
second nature at this point even those
apps that they have babe for people like
me they're like your alarm won't turn
off unless you answer this mathematical
question that doesn't work on me because
when 8:00 a.m. and you love sleep as
much as I do
I am Pythagorean and this is my goddamn
theory
carry the one y equals MX plus B
hypotenuse I before E except that Percy
hey a little bed mass in bed Buchi when
the only way you can get your X in bed
is to a math equation shut up zoomed in
Lilly and once I actually figure out
where I am and what's happening morning
Lilly can literally convince herself of
anything
mmm wait what's that noise
oh my alarm hey why did I set it for
eight wait I have a test that I can
think about in 10 mins and 10 more
minutes one last time actually wait it's
Monday morning there's probably like no
traffic mmm
I'll just sleep more and drive faster
and grab breakfast on the way and I'm
not gonna do my makeup yeah I love
myself just the way I'm also summer
school might be really fun
I'm just saying okay I should get up I'm
gonna be late
although wait do you really want to be
someone who believes in the constructs
of time is this how you want to live
your life don't you deserve a break for
your mental health
maybe school is just an institution
meant to enslave you rebel against the
system Lilly you're not a puppet that's
the test now F school
this system my name is Lilly Singh and
I'm in control of my own destiny yo you
miss a test hi dr. Patel true story I've
only got like 30 doctor's notes in my
university career and I think that all
students have this deep-rooted
ability to act because of this process I
swear to God I could do as well in my
auditions as I have done in doctors
offices I would be a star okay I would
be in like Lord of the Rings or
something as the fat Hobbit know as like
Frodo or something mmm what's that fatty
you say you want Froyo can you stop okay
fine I'm kidding I actually saw you on
TV the other day you did really good
really we're a commercial for SeaWorld
FHM bus right up I would step into the
doctor's office like okay what is my
motivation what is my backstory and
honestly I've become a pro because I
know exactly which key elements are
needed to lie to your doctor blame a
sickness that can't be measured I think
it's my period or something I ate old
random parts of your body in pain yeah I
couldn't sleep all night show various
symptoms bless you oh my god I'm so
sorry
mm-hmm you were saying and always ask
for a tissue excuse me sir can I just
grab a tissue of course thank you uh you
gotta sell your sickness boo okay I
don't know if you walked into the
doctor's office like you always just
have cramps
you better be limping into that office
holding vicks vapor rub with an eyepatch
okay we going all the way here and then
boom doctors know for $75 you're
bitching right it's a two-way business
and both parties they know what's up
what was wrong with that one mr. test
name probably slept in charged a $50 no
gave her a discount she's a frequent
customer my third year University I've
walked into that doctor's office she's
like yo dr. P was table give me the
regular
let's switch it up a little bit though
yeah what do you think we're like
appendicitis
obviously doctors know students are
lying that's why they charge them in
Canada you can literally get hit by a
car and your health care will be free
but if you need a doctor's note boom
$100 like how you gonna pay for these
lies for us is the best thing schools
have ever taught me it's kind of BS my
way out of any situation no I should
probably sleep early although you know
what I feel like I'm ready to become a
morning person yeah I felt I'm just
gonna need less sleep moving forward so
yeah I will watch this movie with you oh
wait let me set my alarm though about
ten so nine oh no I want to totally
redeem myself for the whole yoga thing
eight 8 a.m. perfect have a great
feeling about this every single night
wonder what happens next
booty fool if you liked this video give
it a thumbs up like actually do it like
believe it or not that actually matters
to me my last video is over there
bloopers for this video right over there
subscribe because I make new videos
every Monday and Thursday and that also
like and you know that makes me feel
good and stuff yo you know what I mean
one love superwoman that is a wrap end
