I was going everyone to grow supalen and
I'm sitting here with a fellow superhero
Gary st. lyin Gary how are you - so tell
us a bit about you who are you who is
saintly professional mixed martial
artist I've been fighting for about
three years so those that you don't know
what MMA is it's what you see on the UFC
it's cage fighting so you have to KN
fighter type thing Michael did you make
it to the UFC and become the first Sikh
in the UFC and that's the journey I'm on
right now to get to the top and take it
one day at a time so you said you did
Emily's right know you were the
featherweight champion yeah I was a
first Sikh featherweight champion it
happened in January that was probably my
biggest accomplishment so far so that
was a historical moment for life my life
actually was listening to that song all
day that day night and I was singing the
lyrics as I was walking out the wake up
for the heavyweight champ part I was
singing that whole course all the way to
like it's thanking yourself and yeah I
was in there all day so where did the
name come from went to a youth camp and
there were these these individuals who
knew see weapons
martial arts and they're very related
they're very kind of spiritual and the
thing was there like you act like a
saint like you know you're very much the
same outside of competition might seems
like as soon as we make you fight
something you become a lion
I like the perfect name that would stick
you with the same eyes and every time I
hear that name it gets me into quite
humble little estate but lying in the
ring ladies very sexy what inspired you
to start fighting for me that thing was
I was never a fighter my whole life I
moved up to Vancouver from a small town
I was the chubby kid always a follower
and the reason I moved up was to become
a CPA accounting
when we dad you forgot it exactly and
that was the reason I came to get my
accounting degree but when I got to
banku brothers looked back on my life in
said it wasn't satisfied I needed
excitement I needed something to really
kind of test myself not knowing I was
going to be able me and I discovered it
soft light and from there it was
probably the hardest thing I've ever
taken on it every day I tell you it if
you don't go through struggle every
single day in MMA you're not becoming
better so it was never a dream when you
were just I used to watch it with my dad
and I was scared that's I would hate to
get much to the face and now this is the
deal you're current but I'm getting in
the base two days it's like I failed I
failed I need it I need it then a crazy
journey if I moved up Vancouver him
full-time fighter after that and then I
started getting discovered as like you
know this guy could it be come to first
seek in the UFC and then that whole
little stereotype kind of caught on and
now not eyes on me do this better make
sure you do a good job you mentioned
that you were bullied in high school
tell us about that
for me the thing was I was always the
smallest kid I was always smaller the
smaller scale these must be kids
anything's possible
yeah how is the smallest kid over a
chubby kid I wasn't athletic very much
and yeah I was always a follower you
would always see me in terms of group I
would be that outside guy just laughing
to your goat even if they weren't buddy
just do blended I was like deep don't
get did you see him beat up the people
feature I used to really like I used to
falling here and get stuff done others
and whatever there was like a new
wrestling move and they needed somebody
to try it on because I watched my role I
was the go-to guy because I could take
it and I was a go-to guy and that was
basically what it was I got like I was
always the background guy if there was
any girl that I had a crush on or
anything it's always like I liked you
but I see you like a brother which means
you just got rejected that's one high
school always so talking about girls so
you live in Vancouver right yeah okay
near Toronto right now so Vancouver
girls Toronto girls what okay wakes up
really early in trains it tell us about
it
see boxers wake up really early that
think they'll MMA fighters is we sleep
in okay but the minute we wake up or go
go go so we train ball six seven hours a
day we come today and it's just like
everything from the vinegar in the gym
kill many of your out you're all I'm
you're thinking about fighting so like I
just came back from Montreal right now
and I got invited up by Georges st.
Pierre's count and I just came back
that's the reason I'm in chronic my
first time in Ontario and what the first
time on the east side of Canada all
together and yeah so they took notice
and their training schedule a 23 times a
day two hours at a time and just that's
what you do so you met Jesus be hell is
that where you start stuck with you I
was it was rid of second GSP walked in i
was training something and I forgot how
to fight it was like this guy is my idol
like this is a guy who is my prime
motivation in MMA just a movie it's like
one one time motivation the person that
he is a humble person that he has and
when he walked I was like it's not a
YouTube video anymore it is right there
if this is the gym why didn't you fight
him yeah I got to train with them I got
to like it only showed me a lot of cool
stuff I'm very humbled by an amazing
person and exactly I was just playing on
TV
because the how do your parents feel
about you fighting oh they're scared for
you were they against it or the one
thing that I say is like people always
like how you go into a fight like how
you mentally so strong to fight you
like screw that think about a mother
that has to know that her son's going
after yeah yeah have a strong mentally
strong mom did you know that her son and
it's nothing in her hand so the fact
that my mom can accept it makes me
accept it that much more when I first
started they were like no they were
ready to move you back home my my
hometown be like what have you made of
yourself I'm like just trust me on this
not quite at a time they accepted it all
the injuries on my first fight on my mom
game she's on my to go breaking my lip
and yeah and on my title fight my mom
said that she watched the whole fight
for 30 seconds because she was praying
the entire time with their eyes closed
so eyebrows like I can't even imagine my
Brown fight she watched probably 30
seconds of it he said aside from
fighting and killing people what are you
doing fight I'm Vancouver and if you
guys I've ever been to Vancouver it's in
the summertime you don't need to you
just want to be outside on the beach so
like me and between training over taking
naps on go for hikes and stuff like that
if anybody knows where white rock is
it's like it's like a piece of Italy
see and it's about ten minutes away from
my house so I go for runs on the
boardwalk and I do a lot of outside
stuff so I've heard that you know you're
fighting obviously to stay in shape but
I've heard that you really like
McDonald's is this - what looks your
favourite food which a diet like my
dad's very strict but why the
nutritionist excuse me she has a problem
with I love my McDonald's I love
McDonald's and I've found a new love for
chocolate milk and I have an obsession
was cheesecake I called over 3 a.m. like
a midnight snack if I don't have
cheesecake in the house I'll leave my
bed get my car drive to Denny's grab a
piece of cheesecake eat it and come back
and first thing what's your what's your
McDonald's burgers see this double
cheese burger burgers in here all right
so you know I just have a few quick
questions Oh since we're so who's your
favorite superhero just so you don't
think you've met so many and you know so
many people but it has to be superwoman
so you mentioned that as a kid you were
bullied have you recently got into any
fight street fights anyone pissed you
off and kind of punched in the face the
thing is it takes a long because me off
I don't get mad easy but there is always
some morons I would challenge me when
I'm downtown and stuff but the thing
that we have to remember is first of all
if I get a street fight it's a very good
chance that I'll get kicked out of my
team
and if that way second of all in
Vancouver it would think from a
demanding sports paper and third of all
if I get charged I get charged with
assault with a weapon because they
consider MMA fighters weapons so like me
knowing how to use my hands and stuff in
a godly manner I get chargeable so
you're allowed to assault
so if I am walking with you linked arms
that I'm hearing weapon you're carrying
a weapon packing heat no you're your own
weapon that the attacker so you must get
a lot of attention from the ladies you
can be honest okay are girls kind of
like the weirdest thing about me is that
I'm probably too shy about you mean I
can tell something at the table and not
me always
yeah probably wonder shy give me that
another thing like you know most of my
life I was always like a chubby kid so
I'll go as a shy kid and so if nothing
has really changed
giggly you know photo shoots and I can't
have that intimidating yeah the blood
photographers likely for photo shoots
but they have a lot of trouble cuz I'm
always smiling even at the weigh-ins
himself and I gotta face my opponent
face to face I started smiling I started
giggling my very happy kind of guy okay
let's try and I'll be with you 1 2 3
ready 1 2 3
I can't do it and have the right sword
so I get one you actually can't do it
dad do it ok so you've had nine fights I
think you've been undefeated how many
times first winning streak my winning
streak right now I'm on a 7-5 7-5 so
what's next
so you
kind of conquered I feel Vancouver yeah
our next group
I've won by a professional debut they
not I went after your money but right
now I'm just getting ready for a fight
in four weeks so I'm kind of I'm on the
road to the UFC right now so that's my
goal right now it's the UFC so follow
along for that because every day is a
struggle and yeah just taking it one day
at a time kids
the biggest thing is you take by you one
day at a time I can't be like I want to
make to the UFC I think there's so many
steps and every single day are going to
do to get there every single fight
another day I'm thinking about me is
thinking about fighting about I feel hot
so hot how do your friends to supporters
falling if you have a Twitter Facebook
yeah on twitter follow me at st. Lyon
Facebook I haven't launched a fan page
yeah but I just thought people add me on
one for someone because the thing about
me as a fighter is I don't I like the
personal connection with all the people
that I'd meet so I talked to everybody
that's a thing but if you guys want
responses for any question you got a
quitter me and I respond faster any days
- honest - yeah it is yeah I'm not
letting anybody manage my Twitter
account they've asked me to and about
worst way to talk to me is on facebook
chat okay you guys already know if you
add me and I'm not talking to you it's
because I don't work at it okay so
Twitter me and I'll respond back I
promise I will I always do nice okay so
they're probably in the description as
well is Twitter and it's soon to be
Facebook and all information about state
line thank you so much good job I hope
you like Toronto and that's a wrap you
guys any questions Twitter super warm
out one
