it's it's me with you we meet again
hello everyone to grow superwoman
here to answer your beautiful questions
for a question and answer video they
have noticed that I've actually worn
these glasses before I know it's a sad
day I've run out of new glasses to wear
and somewhere I need to invest in glass
or you know what well why don't you guys
like make me glasses and you should make
me glasses and like send them to me you
know wear them in the video and that's
an awesome idea I think she'd do it I'm
gonna look into that whose bum do you
really want to kick huh that's Moo
I just recently started watching Jersey
Shore so I'm not completely sure of her
name but Ronnie's girlfriend I think her
name is Sam I'm not really sure Shira
hella anoying so I think I wanna beat
her up but generally I don't like like
doing violent things um who is your girl
crush oh my god the list is so long
Megan Fox for sure Jennifer Lopez okay
Selena Gomez definitely my girl crush
Sierra Sierra is definitely my goldfish
as well Rihanna okay and come on Nicki
Minaj hell yeah next question why are
you absolutely amazing can you be my BFF
yes we are BFFs
what dedicated to you are Sh that's for
you
I'm an mi coming to elite 8 2012 I
probably will because I love elite so
much Marva or dwapara don't do like this
do you believe in aliens hell yeah just
naive and ignorant to think we're the
only people on earth I mean in the play
I mean what your favorite childhood
cartoon um I love the Simpsons I used to
edit on a cartoon but I used to love art
attack and mr. dressup I also used to
really like one Saturday morning so
recess pepper and the weekenders that
whole shebang yeah I'm down what's the
weirdest question someone has asked you
before uh I learned a few weird ones as
you saw in my last video I've gotten bra
size I get a lot of um will you marry me
and you know what honestly I guess I
will marry you I'll marry everyone asked
me to marry them you know we should all
get married all of us we should all get
married and take our vows I just like be
just stick up your
and I grew up with diamond rings what
was your favorite bungalow comp you have
been - I love all better comps I'll tell
you feels my favorites are Bayside
bunker definitely um Big Apple Bunga and
did you June - oh I also teed up um door
was really good I don't know what I
heard it was amazing
shaken or stirred hmm I'm gonna say I
like to shake my booty as I stir my
drink hell yeah what was your happiest
moment um I've had it my parents are
being so loud
Shh what was my happiest moment um a lot
of my happiest moments actually when I
read your guys messages and your guys
comments and see all you guys love and
support um definitely when I see my mom
happy it makes me very happy when I see
my friends and family happy it makes me
very happy
um when ntp my team when I first began a
competition we got first up on the
nation that made me very happy
um and also when I watched Charlie in
the Chocolate Factory the original one
it makes me very happy
what made you start making YouTube
videos um I think because there was no
brown girl doing it and I was like hey
that's not cool so honestly I represent
every brown girl that's under
represented up under represent under
who's not represented that much I
represent you together we will we will
be super women should make a video on
how to differentiate differentiate
between a fake boy or one that really
cares for you same with girlfriends
um just border Laura you know what
that's a good question I feel like one
of the really great lessons we learn in
life is a difference between true
friends and frake friends but you know
what often times there's no way to
differentiate it's just a lesson you
have to learn and it's a good lesson and
everyone has to go through it and
although it hurts and you might be like
oh I you'll learn a lesson so it'll be
good I'm Bob were you born superwoman
are we developed over time hmm I'm gonna
say like all other girls we were born
superwoman
what does Lily sing me in Chinese Oh
releasing in Chinese means directly
translates into Matthew George we were
stranded and you can only take one item
what would it be I was stranded I could
only take one item it would be my cherry
flavored chapstick because I can't stand
chapped lips and at least if I die I'll
die with pretty lips was your first boy
crush oh stop it how was your elementary
school days awesome marry shad but which
superhero would you want to marry um if
he existed Superman but he's m.i.a right
now what came first the chicken or the
egg
the farmer but live me what's the
creepiest thing a fan has ever done well
actually I am very open-minded to think
so I don't think things are creepy at
all I would say they're sweet a lot of
people are like doesn't that freak you
out when they say that isn't that so
weird but no I actually think it's very
sweet some fans um see me and they
message me saying I know you were
wearing this is exactly what you were
wearing and I saw you and like some fans
I'm literally right me like marriage
proposals and some fans like just um
some fans when I meet them I shake your
hand like shake and they like they're
just so cute and sweet and I love them
all oh you named your future kids Oh
scary do you go out and party yes yes I
do you could change one thing about
yourself what would you change and why
if I could change one thing about myself
I would change the fact that I sleep so
much honestly I can't wake up in the
morning for the life of me there could
be a hurricane a tornado something out
like I struggle to wake over the morning
and I wish I could change that somebody
teach me teach me I ginger
why is your last name sing scale of one
to go gee how much mad turban swag does
Nana that only have um a bajillion
what's your favorite word curse words
count um I would have to say Dewey the
Punjab you or Dewey is my favorite word
that maybe Fiddlesticks
I like Fiddlesticks I like the way
Fiddlesticks sounds yeah fiddlesticks
and Dewey what's the best advice
you've ever been given um maybe the
purpose of life is simply to live I open
er I know you can see but my eyes
they opened how much wood would a
woodchuck chuck if a woodchuck could
chuck wood um three pounds why are brown
girls so stuck-up because our brown guy
made them that way if you had a date to
spend with jay-z Tyrese a Chris Brown
who would you spend it with jay-z
so I could meet Beyonce hell yeah but
wrap her favorite book I'm have a few
favorite rappers I like Ludacris I like
Lil Wayne I like me Minaj I like Drake
um favorite book I am in love with the
shopaholic series um they're really good
you could collaborate with anyone who
would it be
um song wise Nicki Minaj I think I'd die
and pass out so the whole song would
just be maybe like I'd also like to
collaborate with a kak amazing because I
think he's amazing if you were a boy how
would your life be different from what
it is now I would be shooting this video
topless - what's the best thing about
brampton I would have to say gore and
watch the new Punjabi English movie
break away ah yeah because I'm in it
that's right the song with Jessie Sidhu
I'm wearing light pink and green you can
catch me dancing alongside him will you
be coming to Chandigarh
I wish can you take me can you bring you
can you send me a ticket if you could
switch lives with anyone in the world
who would it be no one I love my life
just the way it is and I'm very happy
with everything God has given me what's
your favorite color
see it depends I really like red but I
also like pink and yeah reading pink but
then but then sometimes I like purple
too favorite Disney movie as a kid
anything besides Lion King because that
movie traumatized me I'm kidding I don't
wanna talk about it like I can't even I
just again went to gird the water do you
mostly go to actually go to Scarborough
Gurdwara and buff or skinny guys do you
support socks and sandals you know what
funny story I actually never used to I
used to make fun of everyone did I said
why that's very wrong socks rocker with
sandals and then I tried it one day
it's amazing it's amazing so like when I
don't care too much more where I'm going
yes sometimes wear socks and sandals I
know
fashion please gonna be here but no you
should try definitely try like I still
think it's weird but try there's one
place in the world you could go where
would that be
the moon does that classifies in the
world that's interesting though because
outside the world right so I don't know
hmm the boom everyone this is my mom say
hi mom
beautiful question in one article of
clothing you think the world could do
without honestly I get why they're like
essential but I hate bras I hate them so
much they need to die other than being
an entertainer what's your superpower
superwoman have you not seen my other
video come on why do brown guys obsess
over saying I love you to every frickin
girl they date I thought love happened
only once cuz they crazy what do you
study I have a psychology degree and I'm
gonna do my masters probably in
counseling psychology Shrek or donkey
donkey eyes with skinny jeans or baggy
jeans skinny jeans Kanye West jay-z Lil
Wayne Weezy BAE BAE we're not going to
get married please don't please don't do
that to me what's your opinion on
arranged marriage hey whatever floats
your boat like uh I personally would be
terrified to do that but I don't judge
whatever makes you happy look you down
I'm down you down longer there's another
question that's dirty so I'm not gonna
answer it but I groped eaten I prefer
non and when you feel alone or sad what
do you do to overcome the feeling I go
to the Gurdwara what I look for in a guy
sweetie the video can only be a max of
15 minutes what are five things you want
to do in life before you die um I want
to meet the rock I want to get a tattoo
I want to hit a million views or
something I don't know I want to go to
Vancouver and I want to go to California
who's better a caer just rain not gonna
do it which animals piss you off you
know you know what animal pisses me off
when I was in elementary school is all
the rage because they found the Komodo
dragon and then I went and went to the
zoo and it was just like
I'm like that is a lizard then we're
gonna dragon that is not a dragon it was
the worst thing ever like it was so flop
damn you Komodo dragon if I was dipped
in glue you would be stuck to me that's
what rhymes with your name Xiang kini
you marry me yes BAM
hey how you doing doing good sweetie how
are you doing it's a single feature
people complement about you the most
I'm out have you seen my eyes I get lots
of compliments with my eyes um as you
can see like no really um well I said to
change color in the Sun like in the Sun
they're very light and hazel sometimes
people tell me they look gray sometimes
I'm a green like they switch it on like
a cat like just who's got the swaggiest
turbine pre obviously you baby if I
wasn't born into a sick family what
would change um probably not my name
that's for damn sure
there's a few things I want to say
before I leave number one is starting
today right now at this moment I'm going
to be posting a few videos only on my
Facebook page because you know I want
more fans but yeah so my facebook page
is WWF ace book calm III Superman III so
check it out because I was posting some
exclusive videos there and my second
announcement there is going to be a
series of days coming up really soon in
which I'm going to make a video every
single day that's every single day but
for how many days how many days will you
be making videos Saturdays was that
scary those chriskate right I'm making
videos for seven days from Jesus from
seven days from September 18 to 24 so on
the 18th 19th 20th 21st 22nd 23rd and
24th I'm gonna make a video every single
day on what whatever you want me to make
the video so what you need to do is you
need to go to my facebook page and
comment under the post that says super
week video ideas or something of that
sort and tell me what you want to talk
about and I'll talk about it and that's
all for now that's a wrap guys I hope
you like it question and answers
question and answer
years um now I have a question for you
guys what do you want me to talk about
with those seven days
