how you doing what up everyone it's your
girl superwoman here to talk about a mad
controversial issue if you haven't seen
brown man thanks video titled why brown
guys like white chicks mmm
then make sure you watch it it's
somewhere here I don't I don't know
where I'm gonna put it maybe here here
somewhere I don't know watch it it's
really good umm this is my video
response to that video of why brown
girls like white guys so yeah first of
all all brown guys are part of either
upon red team or some sort of crew
wrapped by some sort of acronym like
every brown guy everybody whether it's
like a your VP LM your KC GE or
something they're rapping something okay
and the thing with this on one to one
basis Brown guys you're cool I'm down
with you but the second you're with your
crews yeah would it's like a cult
because all brown guys do is talk mad
ish about brown girls it's like if
anything happens like say a brown girl
kisses a guy on the cheek your old man
she saw that girl she was on my Oh word
yo yo did you hear that girl was riding
his word yo yo what's that girl's number
yo and that's it Bam Bam Bam dominoes
ooh ricochet effect every brown guy in
the world thinks you're a ho and even if
it isn't you they'll lie about it
even right now as I make this video I'm
sure at least one Brown guy somewhere is
out there saying yo man
got a taste of those superpowers you're
freaking Friday night yo September 2nd
yo 836 p.m. yo yeah I was tapping
superwoman you lying
Brown guys why why I'm like white guys
brown guys are so closed-minded about
things if a guy dressed as well he's gay
yo if you can dance well he's gay or if
you knows anything about fashion he's
gay or white guys are mad fine
because they are not scared to wear
pants that fit them properly and just
because they know fashion and they have
swag doesn't make them gay there's a
difference between hygiene and homo like
if you got a unibrow you need to deal
with that that is not gay dealing with
that is not gay if you was hairy you
need to deal with it
go back them or go home can I be honest
for a second
the degree to which you brown guys sweat
it's not cute he's doing it you need to
deal with it it's not just easy just me
you want to talk about parents for sure
my parents are hella cray-cray they're
so crazy but your parents equally is
mental white guy's parents are so nice
they're so open-minded
they're so kind hi there dear how are
you it's lovely to meet you are you from
the Punjab but your mom and sister are
just hella evil the second they meet us
that stare down like we're not good
enough and once you do introduce us to
your parents we have to marry you
because if we don't marry you then we're
whores that just go around but honestly
we never even have to deal with that
because brown guys seldom introduce you
to their parents why because they have
mad commitment issues the second issue
gets serious you're running off the door
aren't you you get scared and you run
away and you know what brown guys can't
even leave girls with class that's the
difference
white guys they'll let you down gently
they'd be like listen sweetheart your
fly
but I don't think it's gonna work and I
think you start seeing other people
here's a rose and you're awesome and we
should be friends says the amazing white
man a brown guy will just lead you to
walk in circles by yourself on your
wedding day
you would just go by the way sorry I
didn't show up so you think about white
guys is for sure they're wild they're
crazy they're fun and stuff no doubt but
the end of the day they remain calm the
only time I ever seen a white guy really
aggressive and really like what town
wild stuff is going on p-bog rangas no
you treat every situation in light
everyday like a game of gwendy just
buddy Kabaddi Kabaddi Kabaddi Kabaddi
Kabaddi Kabaddi like a herd of mud just
why / - Kabaddi Kabaddi Kabaddi Kabaddi
Kabaddi Kabaddi
everywhere you go you have to start
being fighting over the stupidest crap
you looking at my girl you stepping on
my shoe bro you dissing Marlborough mad
ego issues even our weddings and
foremost when
a dance like why are you dancing as if
your balls are on the line like as if
it's a life-or-death situation
heaven forbid someone do more bad guy
than you I know everyone just leaves
you're dancing you know what people just
dancing just having fun all of a sudden
a song comes on and it's like the
Bhangra Olympics starts and that's it
that's it there man who's on the line
- and is not anybody's pocket
kirisaki hotel machetes I can see the
pathway one spark a lemon busy
white guys have epic game they don't
just think that just because they got
you know different organs this is
automatic greenlight where Branca is
just like I don't I don't get why she'd
say no why shouldn't like me because
like hey guys know that there's some
game involved brown guys chop grows in a
very biological basis very like I am man
you are a woman so whereas white guys
are kinda like hey how are you can I buy
you a drink it they know there's some
you know socializing that goes along
with that you need to take notes okay
start watching Saved by the Bell
not on two one oh so for God's sakes
you can watch Jersey Shore or my sisters
can I get an amen
real talks I want a sexy Sardar Brown
guy mad turbans way because I'm down um
if not I'll take Justin Timberlake in a
buck but either way I'm down big
shoutouts to brown man thinks I like you
you're cool you cute even though you're
not a white man that thinks you know
it's so cool oh and since you guys are
all probably like freaking out and
wondering I'm just gonna do with this
right now just yeah it's not cut door
love you guys
