peekaboo ICU what up everyone it's your
girl superwoman and right off the bat
I'm gonna tell you I'm a bit sick as you
can tell from my manly voice but I want
to make videos anyways so I want to make
video with my sick boys alright now I
don't care what year it is nor at like
2011 things are so advanced everything
so wicked I'm gonna sit here and tell
you technology sucks and I'm about to
tell you why there are a few things
about technology that just piss the crap
out of me
like why in 2011 can you not figure out
these small things everyone will see I
love my blackberry like anyone else I'm
a crack very crack head and I love it I
can't live I'm always like all up on
that but honestly blackberry you need to
eat an apple and step up your game one
who has a blackberry tries to be cool
including myself and when we want to add
some 100 dude let me scan your barcode
I know honestly it's a waste of time it
takes so long to scan someone's barcode
but we all know that the quickest method
to get a new contact which is be like
what's your PIN done but no we insist on
scanning the barcode because you know we
have a blackberry that's what it does it
sucks any glare anything that goes down
the barcode doesn't scan it's just like
getting in and out of focus it's so but
let's keep it real I gotta keep bbm in
cuz boys be messaging delete number two
back in the day when I had my first cell
phone and I needed to use my fault it
was very simple and was probably this
big but you know what
nowadays the locking methods used to
lock a cell phone or just read on
keyless even now I have you I have my
four digits dah dah dah dah dah dah dah
to unlock my phone but I see people
these days swiping their phone scanning
their fingers doing all becuase to
unlock their for me what are you hiding
the cure for cancer on your cell phone
you watch soon enough you're gonna need
to freakin pissed on your phone and give
it your own sample to open the damn
thing keep it real
this one just makes me angry
self-checkouts the worst thing to ever
happen to walmart etc etc first of all I
go into a self checkout because I want
to save time because we all know walmart
has three cashiers and 57 people in each
line so I'm trying to save time I go to
the self checkout you know to avoid
looking at the chocolate bars looking at
the magazine's waiting for the cashier
is gonna take ten years so I go to the
self checkout and then what happens it
never scans things properly it's always
talking to you about something you're
gonna know what it's saying place item
in bagging area I just did what drama
what
please place the item in the bag
when you plus elasticy from Kota Bharu
selector these work for an attendant
this please wait for an attendant during
apply sealer to kill uncle Baba who
invented the self-checkout moon to
upgrade yourself please it's very very
very annoying end of the day whether I
do self checkout or the cashier I'm
going to end up leaving with 7 Mars bars
and issue a Cosmo and 7 Archie comics
number bo need i say more 3d movies I
probably should have made those number 3
but anyways number 4 3d movies they suck
there's some movies that just don't need
to be 3d like honestly Justin Bieber I
love you and if you were beside me I
would for sure be a pedophile and go
straight to jail because you damn fine
but your movie did not need to be 3d
what that hair flip could have been very
easily 2d I know why you did that and
I'm very upset because on Tuesdays my
movies are 5 dollars but when I go see a
3d movie
it's like fifteen dollars or something
and they all suck and what's most
annoying is when me you and everyone
else we all do it and I'm just gonna
call us all out on it in the middle of
the movie we don't even know what's
happening in the movie because the only
thing that's going through our head is I
wonder what the movie looks like if I
take my glasses off
yeah that's such a cool movie yeah
it looks like crap with or without the
glasses and they're so uncomfortable
like what are they made for Shrek's head
who does this even fit anyone properly
although I'm mostly pretty good on me
right now
I'm sick and tired of dude you better
stop it you better sit up Lex you better
stop it
Bunge automated phone services now don't
ask me why I did this but I was in a
situation a few days ago where I had to
call in I know
the walk ages call in and check movie
times or something if you're gonna ask
me which language and I say English why
do you want understand any of the
English coming out of my mouth
but I could have watched a movie in the
time it took to check the movie times
it's just like press one for brides
maids press 2 for transform herbs and
honestly you know the solution is no the
solution is we need Jamaicans to do all
the damn recordings because they don't
beat around the bush let's get straight
to the damn point I understand it is
your car press 1 for bumble clap
bridesmaids press 2 for Transformers
pressed really fast 5 press Farfan
Little Red Riding Hood and if you want
some popcorn stand alone oh my god
you're so black number 6 if my printer
were a person I would stab him in the
jugular wrap his body with plugged-in
toast just throw him into the Atlantic
Ocean with friggin shark bait tied to
its inner thigh they never work is there
a time when your printer is ever
properly functioned when you actually
needed it to properly function printers
are jerks they're jerks and they're
bullies and I hate them all and you know
what it's quite ironic that my printer
is called brother but it never ever
pulls through for me taking my turkey
back if a printer were person here is
exactly how it go down printer please I
have an essay due in five minutes I
really really need you to print or else
I will fail my entire life printer
response please printer I will do
anything if you print my two-page essay
clean I am begging you I will give you
my firstborn child if you print printers
response
number seven debit machines okay I think
I speak on behalf of the entire world
when I ask do i swipe or do i insert
because even though the machine clearly
says insert your chip when I insert it
the freaking cashier looking at me like
I'm a donkey face sucker correct I swipe
your card while make up your freaking
mind because next door they want me to
swipe it over here they want me to
insert and if you don't want me to
insert why do you want me to swipe if at
the chip if you don't want me to insert
the chip why do I have the chip don't
look at me like I'm dumb is that it's
very annoying and and you know what
sometimes the diagram is confusing even
though it shows you which way to swipe
don't toy with my emotions
alright guys and that's it I'm sorry
about my messy here and my groggy voice
and my sickness and my bad but I hope
you enjoyed it that's the seven things
about technology I hate part one and if
you have any suggestions for the next
one you know what to do just WWE spook
calm hi Superman III same with Twitter
same with YouTube and formspring as well
I got everything stocked maybe in my
bushes creeped me I'm down on before I
leave
forgot I got something really really
really important okay so basically check
this out
