yo wassup it's been a while hasn't it or
has it I haven't really been to keeping
track I've missed your eyes so look at
me cuz I'm back I'm gonna do here is
maybe make a video about things that
annoy me and that's not very positive
for the most part I'm pretty positive so
I get why that might not be so positive
I've discovered that like a lot of the
best videos on YouTube are people
yelling and complaining about things and
I notice that that's particularly hard
for me because I don't swear not that
I'm gonna swear but I just I thought I'd
share that with you so in my own
positive happy unicorn rainbow way I'm
going to complain about things I hope
you enjoyed a few things annoy me and
I'm just I'm just putting it out there
into the universe and setting these
vibes out into the universe just so
people you can relate and be like you
know what I'm light that also annoys me
and then we can be like bro that annoys
me too and we can be friends right it's
all about making friends number one
lower stomach fat I don't understand why
I have it or why anyone has to have it
and why it's there why can't just be
proportionate why does the lower stomach
fat have to be the hardest to get rid of
like I could do a prefer every day for
the rest of my life and this little this
little make chicken I have right here
it's not gonna go anywhere it's gonna
stay right there
and so I've decided I'm gonna listen to
Cosmo and like conform and lose weight
and the first thing I'm gonna do is
actually I'm gonna I'm gonna stop
drinking pop and eating junk food
because I I I'm I need to lose weight
and be perfect another thing it doesn't
really annoy me what kind of annoys me
but I more so think it's cute um I
understand that all they see people have
learned two words one of them being
deeper which I've already discussed my
role as the other is Google I think that
they see people in particular brown hair
I think that Google is this Almighty God
like not even saying person I think they
believe Google is a person like there's
someone named mr. Google
I literally jockey I'm a Google Google
loop watch Google watch your Google are
my parents want to know if um what what
do you think Google is like anything
that happens I go Lily Lily ready go
gotta go to gauge okay I'll Google and
watch we will not watch JT guiding is
really cool here you behold ooh this
actually I know it's not like a special
talent I have just good yeah the people
that have to outdo you into everything
like I understand if it's like academics
or competition or sport but there's some
things that don't even make sense to
outdo people in it just makes no sense
like I'll be like to a friend you know
what I kind of don't feel good and have
a bit of a headache I don't know oh my
god honestly I don't feel good either
like I just feel like throwing off of
Nadia
diarrhea like cold sore or hiccups like
I can't talk right now to go I think I'm
gonna I gotta go I think I'm gonna
certain oh my god I'm so hungry I
haven't eaten anything all day
okay I haven't eaten for like three days
I'm so hung I don't even remember the
last time I ate I think I had like this
much rice on Wednesday or something i
don't even know i know that study when
bb's in the hospital but you know what
let's just let's just get to work
what how am I gonna study now there
should be peas in the hospital babies
babies don't deserve that
okay you know what I just I just a
moment to be a long time what are you
trying to do why do you need to be more
sick than me more upset than me happier
than me just like what you don't make
sense you ever turn everything into a
competition with that you know you're
doing something they're carrying lots of
stuff just hopping out of the shower you
know just whatever you do squeeze me I'm
so attracted we're doing something
and your phone rings but you cannot
attend to the phone so literally said
the phone was ringing and just like oh
I'm doing something I can't answer it oh
you just missed it so right away your
press call and you call the person back
and they don't answer so you hang up
you're like okay you call the person
back a better answer where did you go in
that 1.8 seconds that it took me to see
your call be like all Fiddlesticks and
call you back
where did you go did you're discouraged
and just throw your phone in the sewer
and run away like why are you not answer
my call now living so sense it happens
to me all the time why why do you do
that Tikhon Oh Oh what happen
like what where'd you go my phone I
found it okay what else annoys me um not
much
see oh I know it annoys me when people
stay at my house which I don't mind
because I love people they can stay at
my house and we have a party but like I
kinda have a thing for messy washrooms
Amaka live sure my washing was very
messy like my stuff is everywhere makeup
is everywhere close everyone I cannot
stand when people turn my washroom into
wild water Kingdom like I can't stand
water on the counter on floor like I
don't understand
how do you wash your face where there's
that much water ever the water dripping
from the ceiling on the mirror like what
do you do when you a walrus a good
earner look is that ICU whatever what do
you do like well how do you wash your
face are very simple you don't actually
have to do the cleaning click commercial
be like you don't need to do that
please do not do that in my washing it
irritates the bejeebies out of me it's
yeah if you want to ignore people by all
means ignore the crap out of them I
don't care don't message them back
whatever but if you're going to invest
in bbm where they can see if you read
their message don't ignore them that's
like the ultimate disrespect I can't
stand being ardh when I message someone
and they check it and it says they
received it and they
me that's not cool that's very annoying
if anything just pretend like you were
busy and don't open the message like
every other normal person just like oh
hey how you doing like I know you said
it to me but how could I make an R wait
hey R this would be a P P
it's like a holiday then RR r to me
alright I'm gonna go ahead and start
answering some of my form spring
questions and replying to all those
messages that you guys send me I know
once again I've been mad am i but I'm
gonna I'm gonna do right now I'm gonna
do right now right now I'm gonna go
right now and do it and I'm gonna reply
and message and do all that good stuff I
promise because you know what cuz baby
you the best the best I've ever had
alright then yeah I love you guys bye
