Oh hands back what up superhero sister
girl superwoman welcome to official
guides Brown girls fun - thank God
I don't wear glasses I can't see Jack I
just like the way they look when your
teacher got a good teacher swag on point
there's time to take out your pencils
and rubbers you know erasers and start
taking notes because class is officially
in session
alright so it's Friday getting ready for
the weekend seat should I take obviously
you want to bring your girl with you're
busy no she's hot but uh look you know
your girl is not sketch about party
pumping drinking your other hand to
paint you should make situations she's
just a party pooper so what do you do on
to the next one there is a reason why
girls are so easy about such situations
and check it out
hey yoga pockets mama it's not my thing
really I seen you dance all over YouTube
like you loved it actually never been to
be honest we're not recording here's
will do pick up tomorrow on 9:30 and
we'll go sure baby okay also true go for
it
Oliver Cataldo day repair Dimas attend a
local opportunity Johnny integrity
chilapa Feeny who karttikeya masala
material tell mewho Ted Jay mega to take
each enemy from McLaren my dad something
happened
that hooking up case yeah what anybody
okay so I made an exaggerated is just
switch with the real reason actually
Bobby's blame yourselves
you take your double standards shine and
look real nice turn that side boy sir
all right
all girls think all guys are perverts
whether you're a pervert or not we're
going to think all you want to do is you
and it doesn't help when guys do things
like this
uh Whitney Searcy are you over the dwarf
you you guys said we have a language
over own not like you guys have a
language as long as everything you do
has all these hidden meanings Gus hey
baby about you these flowers
it good
but last question all right so girls
have certain tendencies the series we
have certain habits that you know
sometimes you brownies might get a no it
of my bad
why do girls take so long to get ready
it's because girls party practice we're
talking about practice basically they
stand up in York and they play out
different scenarios that may happen
throughout the night eating drinking
reading people hugging people flipping
their hair checking your phone anything
that may happen throughout the night we
do in front of the mirror just to see
they'll still look good and all girls do
it if you're a girl and you're watching
this right now you look and I told you
some policies informed on do it do it do
it and first
alright guys I know this happened to you
my god absolutely
don't get it twisted it doesn't matter
what a girl sense whether it's washroom
gotta go put on some lip gloss gotta
call my mom or my friend need help
oh my foot bar is backwards doesn't
matter what she says
girls travel in groups one of two
reasons one let's talk about you two to
take a nice profile picture because guys
in place it a nice profile picture is
very high on a girl's priority list and
why do you like taking pictures so often
and so simple because unlike you when
the camera flashes us we're still
smiling
hey girls are so picky
Oh hells yeah I'm talking six packet you
got five get Oh walking and there is a
reason because ever since we were little
we thought certain things about the guy
we should find select anything on the
parents do it anymore works for me I
just it'll burn for my PA do you only
ajowan paralia parabrahman Arteaga hard
roars my paper they kiss up evidently a
liquidy homiletically those axiom in the
Coogee it is he can be the Oklahoma gala
namu gaji dr. Yoder to Griffin
aho Eddie Jimena who did he put in a
jacket are you gonna be home before an
hour you artistically richly saturated
you rather than how absurd saunas gonna
come lumbar Chara
Mustapha G lag Aquila kya or days today
Selena Angelo has to be no ordinary Girl
Oh char us in a car we already told you
before you can say okay okay everybody
at Casa de mar√ßo professor positive you
see a de-escalation apology in
bismillah curcumin I could be an
abstinence non angel heaven godly Saint
like person whose name is Mother Teresa
but if my period one day late even if
logically there's no way that could be
possible I will think it will be
stressed I will let you know in our
interest
as if it's late and solved you know what
you don't understand okay don't you
don't you paint this on that don't you
like this don't you play this up but
then you know when everything's all fine
and good you know we're all happiness
we crazy now for your homework brownies
I want you to message that girl you've
been questioning on or you know what
call your underprivileged sister and say
I love you pee pee again because you now
have the knowledge to save the day run
so go out and be superheroes until next
time
class dismissed I love you guys so much
what soup woman oh but wait all right
guys if you haven't heard smack yourself
living under a butter my dance team is
organizing the first annual Twp under
competition right here in Toronto at
York University scheduled for Saturday
August 6 there's a pre-party show and
after party I'll be hosting a whole
entire weekend some wanna meet my poop
jam with me chill with me fidelity with
me you know make sure you check it out
go to WWE blogger comp tickets
you wanna can also personally email me
at Superman f ing calm and I can give
you a ticket I can be like yo get ticket
you think I was the cops okay
I honestly feel very very very bottom of
my heart I would love to meet each and
every one of you so if you can get your
tickets meet me shake my hand take some
pictures no give some deaf people p.m.
as we're awesome time I'll see you guys
at TDOT further action
oh and Jim so freaking annoying
