hey it's me again so I'm making another
video because my last one you guys like
so much and I don't know why like I
don't I should be offended because like
I did nothing and you guys were like oh
my god it was the best eight minutes 18
seconds of my life you're so funny and I
was all like guy but like I put no
effort into it and like I put so much
effort into my other videos and like I'm
glad you like to go wicked so I decided
to make um a series if you will a videos
called shady moments you get it cuz ya
you get up basically of me talking about
whatever I want because usually at this
time of night 12:00 midnight ish I turn
delirious and I guess it's entertaining
for you guys so welcome to shady moments
the birth of a great thing she want to
talk about something specific today I
know I'm not gonna just randomly rant on
about things kind of sort of but someone
actually messaged me about this and I
was actually gonna make a video about it
so I was like what a co-inky-dink I
realized actually a really really sad
thing like a legit sad thing like so
many people in this world particularly
girls they how can I say they don't know
their worth and it's really really sad
so I thought I'd make a video about it
um cuz we all have that friend that girl
in our life no she's our sister our
friend or mom someone we all know
someone you wonder why why why pourquoi
are you with this douchebag act of a guy
like we all know someone like that word
which is like really great y'all
together you really really like not
because anything's wrong with him like
you're not saying it based on like you
know really like
no I'm saying it based on like he's
legitly a douche bag like the wickedest
girls were like the most douche bag at
guys and you just like what you doing
sister and like she will absolutely hang
on his every word and he will make her
feel worthless and he will put her down
and he will treat her like crap but she
will just be like I got I love you oh my
god
bf you are my bf tattoo put your name in
my soul you are my life I love you I
want to make you steak and stuff and
you're just like why so this video is
really for all those girls whether it's
your boyfriend your brother some guy or
maybe it's not regarding with anyone in
your life who makes you feel worthless
like you are awesome wake up and to
further demonstrate this I have I
brought I brought a prop a prop yes I'm
a prop I want to show you that this this
is the world is very big look this pen
okay I'm going to lose this BEC pickle
to be be like Bob okay this is this is
the guy okay look I'm gonna play some
anywhere maybe in the ocean we'll put
him or put him anyway look look look do
you see you seen him no because he
doesn't matter look there's so many
options rapid like what do you got you
got you got Greenland you have greeted
you have Russia
you have your Toronto you have so many
places and so many guys and so many
opportunities so don't let this freaking
one guy make you feel unpretty unpretty
said word make you feel not beautiful
not amazing because like sister you are
hot you are
damn fine okay you're amazing and
honestly anyone who doesn't see that
doesn't deserve you straight up I'm sick
and tired of so many girls feeling so
unpretty feeling so underappreciated
feeling so crappy about themselves
because someone's just making them feel
like crap like sister wake up so if you
have a friend like this or you think you
know someone whether you're a girl
or a guy and you know someone who just
doesn't know their Worth and you want to
tell them like homie you would bomb you
you dope
you so dope you you know my mind you you
blow my mind stand on this video and let
me tell you you deserve awesomeness cuz
you are beautiful you are awesome and
don't let anyone tell you otherwise
that's right yes that's right cuz girl
you're amazing just the way you are
ma'am you are awesome you are
oh some see I did there you see you guys
reckon I let you I I did it in the
melody of those fancy doorbells so that
you would remember it
oh girl you're so good guys that
concludes this some shady moment I'm
sorry once again for wasting your life
with this butter pear apparently you
guys like it so blame yourself blame
yourself
because instead of studying and working
hard and sleeping and doing the dishes
and doing okay my battery's running out
and doing all that stuff you are
choosing to waste your life in this
shirt shady shady moment and I thank you
that I thank you oh my God look like you
can see my reflection look there I am
anyways guys I love you so much you know
I does and superwoman out shady moment
that's a wrap deuces PS before I go I
just want to let you guys know if you
want to hear me talk about something in
shady moments just send me a message
comment and I'll try my best to talk
about what you want to hear also since I
love you guys so much I've decided that
I'm gonna respond to every single every
single comment posted on this video so
anything you post I will respond to that
my friends is a pinky promise yeah
