hey everyone see girl superwoman um -
team saw sawed that I've tweeted and
Facebook status in I'm mad bored and so
I said I was going to make a video about
nothing I'm sober I'm sitting here
reading Cosmo
I love Cosmo don't judge me but yeah I
just actually I had a really bad day um
let me you might be wondering why I'm
wearing glasses good question I'm really
tired so I have bags under my eyes and
I'm not wearing eyeliner and my eyebrows
aren't dead and I don't want to have to
expose you to that kind of trauma I have
to say that if your eyebrows aren't did
you're not pretty
disagree there's many people who don't
have the eyebrows dude that are so
pretty but you know you get them dead
and then they're thin and then you don't
did them and then it's not going man so
yeah that's why I'm wearing um
sunglasses at night and no I didn't cut
my hair it's flipped so please don't
start protesting outside my door saying
oh I'm bad had a really bad day and I'm
like borderline psychotic right now mad
stressed I'm mad irritated I'm mad cuz
some people cause gum but um yeah I'm
basically on Twitter harassing everyone
and trying to be happy
vicariously through them so that's
basically what I'm doing I really love
you guys
um actually I wanted I wish I could
somehow meet each and every one of you
know I - and I legitly
want to meet you like you I want to meet
you I actually want to know about you I
want to shake your hand and say thank
you because you guys are awesome and
like honestly I'm having a bad day I
just sign on to my facebook chat and all
these people I don't know message me and
just it's awesome I love render people
I've loved random things I think we
should be friends all of us
I think should go on dates I think I
should have a movie date I think I
should book out a whole theater and we
can watch Paranormal Activity 2 or
whatever other scary movies out and we
should hold hands and we shall cut off
any leading oh this is my room by the
way it's red
um I can give you a tour and my bed is
not a dead you better just like my
eyebrows um I want to show you something
actually really cool just to show you
guys how much you mean to me I know when
I say that I I sound mad like I have mad
fans just really not true a few people
know me other than that no one really
knows me I'm not that popular or that
funny or liked but um yeah the few
people that do message me you guys
honestly are like amazing and actually
all the messages I send me I personally
read them and I know you guys in your
messages in your messages you always say
I know you're not going to read this I
know you get a million messages but like
wrong I actually read all of your guys
messages um and I will reply to each and
every one of them I know I've applied to
most of them already but if you haven't
gotten a reply yet that means I just
haven't gone around but I promise i
pinky promise that I'm gonna reply to
you so I promise yeah but just to show
you guys how much you mean to me
I do actually have a wall in my room
that's called my wall of motivation and
it's basically all the things that
motivate me so when I'm feeling down or
when I'm like maybe I don't want to do
this anymore
um regarding anything in life school job
anything I look at my wall and one of
the things on my walls actually
printouts of all the messages you guys
sent me so don't think that it doesn't
impact me cuz it does and I want to show
you right now this is my wall of
motivation well it's a pretty my god and
this right here is like messages that
you guys send me and I print out because
they make me feel so awesome and yeah
that's my degree by the way fall people
I think I'm really stupid and I lie and
I don't have an education I do I wear my
sunglasses at night don't understand if
you do not like Facebook like why why
I've set my notifications many a time
too I do not want mobile notifications
with email notifications unless
someone's commented on my videos because
I obviously want to know right away if
you comment on my video I don't need to
know if someone liked my status or if
someone liked by picture
yada yada yada but I always turn them
off but it's like Facebook just takes
that information eventually interesting
like cuz I'm getting them again so why
do you ask me if you just can't send
them anyway space but why why so I just
got a Mac and um I don't even know I'm
gonna edit this video I don't know how
to use a Mac I feel like I'm uncle
learning how to use computer for the
first time Leon's I don't know jack
about what's going on right now um on my
macbook I don't even know this recording
right now to be honest with you many of
you may know that I have a sponsored
sister in lucknow in India and
everyone's always like why'd you spawn
so you know none of the money even
ghosts that girls probably doesn't even
get the stuff you send or yada yada that
may be true may not be true who am I to
judge but what I'm saying is that it
must make some difference even if she
doesn't get the whole mountain she gets
a percentage and any difference is the
difference to me
Mac hoodie back on um any difference is
different to me but I sent her in my
last letter
a bunch of stickers and a bunch of stuff
like that and they actually sent me a
picture of her holding the stickers and
stuff I almost cried I'm writing a lot
actually almost cried like the last time
I saw she had short hair she looks so
small now she's so much bigger and she's
smiling she's holding the stickers she's
she's so cute look at her oh we didn't
love her um her name is was gone and
she's absolutely adorable seven years
old and her birthday's coming up soon
maybe we can all go and throw her
parties yeah yeah no body would be good
I'm also on that note I don't know if
you guys know this or not but when
lion's roar is happening on June 24th
that's right um and I really told anyone
yet but I'm actually gonna be performing
there I'm not gonna be doing comedy I'm
not going to be dancing I'm not going to
be rapping I'm actually gonna be
performing a spoken-word piece um that's
actually due today that I haven't
started I'm sorry
organizers if you're watching this don't
yell at me honestly I work very well
under pressure and I always leave these
kind of things the last minute cuz
that's that's when the juice stopped
blowing that so my inspiration goes and
I'm sorry
rather than that like what's up with you
guys what's what's what do you guys
saying what's go out what's your deal
you i'ma show you guys something really
cool yeah you might get jealous I'm just
I'm just liking all right now huh
come on if you wouldn't like me then and
you didn't subscribe to me then I'm
confident I just earned your
subscription so just click the button
cuz that was phenomenal
come on so I know about you guys but I'm
22 years old and I am obsessed with
Jelena
I think Justin Bieber someone's calling
me hello what's up nothing yo nothing
all right
I'll stop now um I could really go on
for like another two hours minimum to be
honest with you like I just don't shut
up
so I told you not to watch it you won't
watch it now you're never gonna get this
eight nine whatever minutes video this
is back you messed up you messed up
shouldn't watch I told you not love you
guys I love you guys
