is a unicorn on my pocket what everyone
it's a girl superwoman and the other day
I was talking to my friend about dating
and she saw like my parents love my
boyfriend did your parents ever get
really close to any of your boyfriend's
and I'm just like ho ho crazy and then I
had explained to her that my Indian
parents simply do not understand the
concept of dating this is a real thing I
am NOT making this up my parents had an
arranged marriage which means that they
never dated so in their eyes the process
of dating is absolutely unnecessary even
though they don't expect me to get an
arranged marriage they still understand
the necessity of getting to know someone
aka all Indian kids know that you can
never ever introduce your parent system
when you're dating and listen try to
marry that person ain't no room for
error up in here it's a calculated
measurement but you're just one time my
mom got bright and she asked me about a
boy so I have feeling something going on
between you and that boy my mom is smart
a like yo let me get Lily in the car
where she can't escape and then bust all
these accusations when parents really
want to whoop you they'll bring up stuff
in the car the heavens were made my
parents ever get a self-driving car they
could beat me with both hands and still
get us home safe enough to ground me
well yo I still had options okay just
tell the truth
actually no are you don't lie about it
or or you could pretend to have a heart
attack that good works no stop you're
not a kid anymore handle it like an
adult
well actually oh oh I mean oh I think
I'm hard on my dad the pen are you
dating that a boy so I had no choice I
had to tell the truth but yes mom I'm in
my mid 21 I'm dating someone so me and
literally her next sentence was so to
talk about marriage huh
very meeting pear and plum it's been two
months even I haven't met a Seren
hmm in a few months I meet your daddy
get married and get pregnant with your
sister okay yeah well I'm still going to
know getting to know him what do you
have - Roja do you like too much you
know like him I'm still figuring it out
see this is good II problem okay too
much very freedom the only compatibility
touch my parents ever had was this is
girl this is boy parents agree okay Don
so me trying to explain that I need to
get to know a boy and see T's
good-hearted and respectful and Mickey
laughs and bring the subject in me is
absolute and utter trash to my burns not
to mention that dating someone without
the promise of marriage brings shame to
your entire family died on by who you
ask every person that doesn't matter the
neighbors okay my sixth cousin the
family dentist because apparently
everyone got a chart at home or they
monitor people's behavior and like all
dating without being engaged that's
right worn miniskirt off at 11:00 p.m.
oh do not going to get engaged but
people are going to say huh that I'm a
smart independent woman who makes
logical choices don't be dumb okay I
don't want you running around with every
boy one literally one boy
every boy do running with okay you ready
to say in a bold and once my parents
found out I had a boyfriend they hop
skip and jump ahead of themselves yeah
I'm on my third date with my boyfriend
and there are two astrologers just like
who she is Libra and she is Germany can
you tell me most auspicious date for
marriage
September 3rd and this went on for a
while until we broke up which by the way
that's another thing Indian parents do
not understand let me get this straight
just do ditch him and then you break up
but ready friends with make up if you're
going to break up with him by get ready
dad come huh okay obviously we didn't
plan to break up so we just both agreed
we're not compatible come back at once
this is not ready talk okay this what
happened when kids they have a Google
and Internet they running wild nobody's
perfect okay if you're going to break up
with everybody one person then you're
never going to get married you don't
keep these days they want Disney movie
19 shining armor's that's not going to
happen you're going to get a Bobby in a
silk shirt and graphic friends doing
people's taxes with real life I would
laugh when I should get inspirational
coke that's like reach for the stars
because I know an indian parent never
wrote that and if they did it would be
something like it's okay to settle and
the worst part about my parents finding
out about my ex-boyfriend was that any
future boyfriend I have will never be
taken seriously so there's a boy again a
different boy how different are you
still getting to know him or actually
we're getting pretty you say that last
time then you break up okay well this is
different
I think you like playing games with my
heart come on this is not about you
I made it between two families okay not
a just husband oh I'm not getting
married yeah anyway what was video
public and wire kids line no oh my bad
what just kidding French is saying
though if you work the crazy
maybe your kids wouldn't do the lying Oh
Lily telling kids to lie boy cause again
just tell him what we find out
no can you relate to this video comment
below and let me know how did your
parents react when you're dating someone
you can check my last video right over
there make sure you subscribe because it
makes me videos every Monday and
Thursday and I truly care if you're here
or not so be here one love superwoman
that is a wrap and
