everyone should know superwoman yeah and
I am doing obviously a question/answer
video from all the awesome questions I
get on YouTube Facebook formspring all
that good stuff I just let you know this
is the not one not two but third time
I'm making this video because the first
time I made it I got a crazy blue screen
of death and then the second time I
realized my mic wasn't on choice is the
third time I'm recording it I've mixed
up the order of the questions though so
that it's fresh yeah
so welcome to 21 in your questions with
superwoman
umm question number one what is your
real name my real name is the L the I
the ll the why it's nearly my real name
is really there's no deep meat or preach
in my name unfortunately although I
would love for there to be one but
they're not so clearly sing is my real
name oh let's look like my promise I'm
wearing clothes I'm wearing a tank top
and my god
spider number two I saw pictures of you
modeling at Sue Hogg how did you get
that gig see one of my good friends his
family owns a indie and Indian clothing
store my Toberman steals called cyber
fashions awesome and they had a booth
that to hug so they wanted me to be a
live model in their rule so I got it
through a connection it's not because
I'm like exceptional or anything
number three how old are you 19 20
okay fine I'm turning 23 this September
so oh but so I'm planning to be turning
23 into camp yeah number four do you cut
your hair for the most part no I do
occasionally trim it when the bottoms
get like dead ends either when they get
unhealthy and I do trim my bangs and
from time to time I do shape it layer
wise but I'm the most part no like even
when I get it trimmed I close my eyes
because it terrifies me I'm just too
attached to my hair number five who's
better just rain or a cake then a bad
man
I I don't I don't get why people ask
this question so often like I'm not
about division I'm about unity so I
don't feel the need to pick one or the
other I think all the artists and
comedians and hold all the people that
are talents so talented on YouTube
they're equally awesome like I don't
feel the need to say one is better than
the other so I would have to say um
they're both awesome
they're cool I love them both keep doing
you guys to bring you cooling downs
cooling down number six
um what's one thing you never leave the
house without yeah I have to stay
confidence number seven number strong
growing has anyone ever tried to stop
you from doing what you were doing on
YouTube or were they all supportive um I
wonders if you will ever tried to stop
me like how would they stop me but um
people of course were a bit skeptical at
first and of course you always have your
fair share of YouTube haters too blood
like oh my god you suck with my good
good good and I truly believe that if
you have Mader's is because we're doing
something right so haters more power to
you man shout out love you guys but
really it's mostly just been support
I've gotten a lot of support more than I
thought actually I would get but I've
got a lot of support from a lot of
people um daddy was shout out to my
friends they're super supportive um
everything I'm doing they're like the
sports bra to my success medic sports
person yet you get it when you're
scrolling to number eight you have a
very unique style fashion wise you what
influences the way you choose to dress
huh oh I've dressed the way I feel I
guess like my move very much so
influences the way I dress so one day I
can wake up with guys skinny jeans throw
on a graphic tee a blazer or chain on my
parents and the next day I could wear a
miniskirt with heels and a halter top
and it would be all good um really
depends on how I feel I guess I wear
what makes me feel good and number
why is your hair so long I can't 100%
say it's the main reason is because I'm
sick it's obviously a huge contributing
factor of being sick I do like to keep
my hair long but um obviously I do my
eyebrows and all that stuff so it's not
the main reason um I'd say one of the
main reasons is honestly that my grandpa
who's full Sardar he is really big on
having along here and none of the girls
in my family have kept their hair long
so I don't means a lot to him and he'd
be really upset if I was to cut it I'm
so to make him happy because I'm sick
and also that I'm just honestly way too
attached to my hair like I can't imagine
myself with short hair like could you
like I can't imagine something I feel
like contributes to my swag and
weirdness so yeah I like it that's why I
guess number 11 how do your parents feel
about the videos you make uh my parents
have never said no you cannot make
videos are going to make videos but um I
think they might think that I have a
mental problem or something like they
definitely think I'm weird for sure like
they definitely think I'm wasting my
time and stuff but at the end of the day
like I'll be walking to the hall and
I'll hear them watching my video in the
room so I know they watch my videos and
mom and dad if you're watching this
which I know you're watching cuz I'm
probably standing outside the door right
now but I love you you guys are super
awesome so there's supportive you know
with my aunts and uncles come over like
a look at our retarded daughter and her
videos and stuff so yeah another awesome
number 12 when's the last time you cut
your hair hmm I'm trying to think that
my hair was along that people would like
me really like all the questions are at
hand so I would like to change my answer
to three especially I don't cut my hair
because I don't know like um but the
last time I cut my hair I don't remember
actually once a nice coming at you
sometime early last year I think yeah
number 13 I saw pictures of you and just
rain on YouTube going out no means
straighter not going out
you never did go out we're just friends
and the pictures you saw were actually a
photo shoot that I organized that I know
my own song is my ringtone don't judge
me um anyways what was the question
oh yes just wait okay yeah it was a
photo shoot that I was organizing
actually and he was so kind to agree to
do it I can never go out with someone
like just writing some simple fact that
he's too popular and too good for me and
there'd be a lineup of girls and I can't
do that number 14 what is your bra size
really really if you were a creeper you
would know okay moving right along
that's awkward okay
number 15 I always notice your t-shirts
and shoes how many do you have
collect graphic tees and shoes like it's
my job um fly kicks I'm all the fly
kicks
I'd say graphic tees I have about 25 to
30 Etsy and the light kicks I added two
more to my collection a snake so I'd say
I have about 20 ish 20 purrs number 16
are you single I told myself I would not
disclose this information and reveal my
personal life to the world but let's
just be real here at summer and people
need to go so yes I am single I'm very
much so single and there's no Superman
in my life right now putting right on
I'm number 17 in your top 5 they see
rappers again I would have picked 5 I
think there's more than 5 awesome desi
rappers out there that deserve way more
exposure and credit than they get I'll
live a few though off the top of my head
um humble the poet ethically off
be magic fucking noise st. soldier
saying soldier both of them um Bobby
sick knowledge devious mind to be so
cute
and female I think he's a tanning cream
prima and I'm saying area but I think is
not wrong but sorry if I don't mention
you I love you guys all I think y'all
really really really talented and keep
doing you yo yeah
number 18 like your message of love and
peace
do you actually believe in that stuff
hey that's math we thank you um we yeah
honestly I don't say stuff in my lab
that I don't say stuff in my videos
because they sound good like I do
believe in all the stuff I say I'm not
saying or anything like I'm not perfect
but I do believe that being a good
person and doing the right thing as
having good morals and values can change
the world like I actually believe that
believe in honesty giving caring
especially giving to people who are less
fortunate than us I'm a big big advocate
of charity work
I really do even trade what I do have a
sponsored sister in India probably seen
our pictures of my videos I'm not one of
those girls like you'll never hear me
say my god but that girl is just let you
look at that smooth em like I'll never
say that I'm not one for beef like not
best friends with everyone but I'm not
one for drama and being fine just being
a good person hearts really important to
me so hey at the world peace any and you
should do my nighty do you work out yeah
cut know if I work out you mean eating
doughnuts then yes but otherwise no no I
do not work out I used to I used to do a
proper actually I screwed every other
day like a good little girl
I'll hold the froggy thing and then leg
time like everything the federales you
get a straw but I'm gonna start again I
problem I'd promised it's like it's my
goal I'm gonna I'm gonna start working
out again I am going to I'm going number
20 was dead on red ants is today 100%
have passion for dance but I feel they
don't have any passion for the Punjabi
language what is your take on how
Bhangra is changing the girl took an
essay question I feel like any like
supporting arguments pong guys changing
like back in the day you know when
people say pump therefore dog was like
oh you oh my good now if you don't have
like floating couldn't a and
fire and ching ching ching ching and
like things disappearing you're like oh
my god they're doing I think it's only a
bad thing like I know when we go to
competitions as a competitor as we were
all you sees competitiveness and ego and
all the stuff but at the end of the day
I think I'm gonna being such a big part
of today's list I want to take this
answer again the fact that Bhangra
exists is so important like I see
actually that's awesome I would never
have imagined ten years ago I like fun
will be so big in today's youth knowing
me also the artists on YouTube like
clearly we embrace it from w culture a
lot since all the artists talk about
issues that are related to Punjab um
it's awesome so I definitely say that
we're not forgetting our Punjabi culture
per se I'd say that we're doing
something a bit more important which is
making it our own in a way and I don't
think that's necessarily a bad thing
but that was an awesome awesome question
maybe for Bourdon like write a blog on
that number 21 deal I'm not gonna lie
strategically purposes 21 go just make a
mix answer what's next for superwoman a
everything honestly I've never lived in
a box I've never lived in a box I've
always lived outside of boundaries I
don't believe my stuff so I'm definitely
gonna plan to expand a bit and I'm
started doing events start performing
I'm doing bunch of collabos a bunch of
awesome people
I plan to travel a bit you know I'm
going to UK in July what massive must've
jumped out to all my UK fans out there I
really want to go to BC like I mentioned
before and actually work on this awesome
huge you do project I'm not gonna tell
you about because I pretend okay I'm
sorry but you'll find out and just a
bunch of stuff I'm also planning a photo
competition in August
make sure you come on and that's it
that's 21 already 21 questions on thanks
to your super awesome question got
questions guys I'm really sorry if I
couldn't include them all but hey hey
for part 2 or 3 & 4 oh my god and SMS e
feel free to send them to I I Superman
III I'm YouTube clearly you're watching
it so it's there you can also bleep me
on Twitter um guess what it is Turner
comm / iisuperwomanii
coincidence I think you know and
Facebook my Rockets lads guys
facebook.com / I I suppose
I uh if you really want to be a kid or
you can email me at superwoman at NTP
and unlike an NCP like a thumb be like a
pig tail - E&T calm but yeah thanks for
all the love guys I love you so much
until next time bye bye boo boo peace do
didn't-didn't Domini did you did you
would you still have left for me but you
know we need you do you feel
