Oh
what up everyone should roll so : I know
you're used to seeing a chirpy perky
happy-go-lucky rainbow sunshine super
own but action right now I'm pretty
depressed and okay why you ask that's a
very good question because I cracked and
I use the brown girls drug that's right
posh another Bollywood movie and now I'm
experiencing what I like to call the
three-step process of watching a
Bollywood movie the hai why and die well
you know what the highest watching the
movie life makes sense you feel so
pretty inside pop cookie and then we
experience number two the why but we
don't understand why reality can't be a
bother movie so we live our day as if it
was a bottle movie it's 6 a.m. flicks
would you be naked number three the dive
aka the brick wall when you realize life
in fact is not a bomb and you want to
slit your wrists that's right oh the
river oh it's not feeling all bipolar
because I watch the bother with envy and
I'm here to tell you why I hate
Bollywood movies and why brown people in
general should not watch Bollywood
movies and why they are evil Shawn vegan
first of all I'm already feeling with
every single nice brown guys they've
taken a jerk or just a really tan white
guy because single brown guys do not
exist except for in movies all my
sisters can I get an amen
I know I gotta sit here and watch Akshay
Kumar's
the phenomenal romantic muscular amazing
just don't stuck-up Bollywood actors you
know singing her songs and dancing with
her and beating up bad guy shoo-shoo
and I'm sitting here turning into
spaghetti thinking that this is how guys
actually are
you're the mom
I deleted it
little bit it may be very shy check this
up akshay on top of that I think brown
people are already dramatic enough as is
I mean everybody vent I go to us all
talking guys five breakups three crying
girls and tall people screaming Walton
every si a OPA I say I go turns into a
freaking AAA
and then the couples
I mean they walk in they're so in love
with each other you know arms are linked
and his shirt is matching her suit that
her saris matching his belt and his
watch is matching her brandy and her
bindis matching a chi I mean they come
and looking like the Olsen twins like
the whole hall basically just looks like
a Bunga routine too many damn shorty
partners and then something happens
either drinks too much or she talks to
another guy maybe nothing at all will
even happen
oh my god I sobered I know I should I
should do something right and then
they'll start fighting and you know he's
in front of his boys so he'll start
yelling and swearing at her she'll run
off crying making a big scene and you
know what the whole night just turns
into an episode of Jalandhar Shore I
know it's possible because brown people
have their own version of fist pumping
yeah gonna play get crazy
ey let's party
now if you wanna have fun to do
something if you wanna have time to do
something my boy get loud so do I feel
brown people need to be further exposed
to dramatic Bollywood movies no no I
don't because no matter what they're
saying on the screen you know the lights
are flashing the camera angles are going
crazy I'm on the couch having a seizure
because the lights are flashing so much
and honestly on behalf of punga dancers
everywhere
stop making a mockery out of our passion
it's not like our guys you know dance
Bunga and then a Bollywood song comes on
so they change and put on gold pants and
start pelvic thrusting jump Rico aquí
de cámara del deva na
oh love you Lily this is the break greet
like there so I want to see you site bug
con hang up a condor and treating like a
freaking baton hear that rhyme Saif Ali
Khan put down baton get Jana bus so just
leave the bugger dancing to us and stop
trying Pataki into more bethere you know
what I truly believe almost anyone can
make it in a volume because talent is
not taken into consideration at all I
mean how you gonna have a song called
gonna baby dance lance and then have
every Akram cannot dance in the music
video I'm not kidding when I say the
entire music video was like this turn it
up baby dance dance dance this dance man
something-something Darren says Darren
and then for the grand finale good luck
this weekend then dance laughs something
something Jai something Jack I'm think I
danced pretty hard attempting you know
what I didn't know that actor's name but
smack yourself if you're watching this
time you choke chandni chowk the chandni
chowk the Dumpty jumped into Billy Joe I
mean you're people dancing when it's not
appropriate at all your back flips to
busy intersections booty popping and
open rain fields but then in a movie
called dance perchance you're gonna have
shy of Kapoor who the least amount of
good dad thing he's ever done in his
entire career to conclude someone carne
although you may be a legend you can't
dance nor can you act same love story
love triangles
Bipasha Basu and John Abraham just need
to repopulate all Bollywood because
they're just too sexy for life love 3d
cubes trapezoids alumnus and honestly I
wish that you should thank the Lord
every day that your last name is
watching because we're not the gang no
Calvillo everybody I cut open throw all
day earn a for was an ex Gon's of love
any
SGP deformation for here for outside
switching doing vodka that shape Club
shape
to know what it's like an addiction I
can't get enough cuz now I feel like I'm
having withdrawal symptoms of what I
cannot watch another bottle of you I
loved you but I hate you you're like
Abra bride Wow
II Gahanna very bitter or facebooking
links behind description me check me out
wait comment or subscribe cool ok Sestak
Alice email day apiece fight owari no
kyoro ah my 6 a.m. I love you mom
I have some complex would you be legen
