how's it going lovers to go superwoman a
lot of you guys may know me as Superman
the rapper saboom the dancer supporting
the girl who makes skits and embarrasses
or something from the camera or
superwoman
that girl who tries to act black but
today I'm going to be Superman Baker
because I know if you guys noticed I'm
baking my love will shows Ace of Cakes
Cake Boss all that good stuff love being
able to make something cool out of cake
or eat it so good in the tummy makes me
feel good inside makes me feel good
inside everybody's happy what's the
special occasion actually tomorrow's one
of my very close friends birthday and
I'm gonna make for him a Harry Potter
cake because just like many of you out
there using big Harry Potter fanatic
don't get me wrong I have nothing
against Harry Potter
I've seen the news I think they're good
but at the end of the day I don't know
that much about Harry Potter I'm not one
of those people wait 72 hours and mine
season so what the plan is to make a
Harry Potter book with them a few Harry
Potter props a rat Harry Harry Potter
pops around it something like the scarf
and
spells and the one that round thing that
flies Quidditch the Quidditch ball
thingy you know we've done I just made a
trip to Buffalo to get all my supplies
to go let's hop into it the first thing
we're going to do like a good Baker is
we're going to wash our hands for 30
seconds happy birthday to me happy
birthday to me
alright now that I've washed my hands
two more things we got to do one is
gonna be to put on my Baker sway
thanks to my girl Nikisha went to
Disneyland and got me this awesome
Bucktown swag town will get amazing
super magnificent apron and number two
even though it's long hair no hair
they're gonna care if the long hair is
up in there piece of cake
so put a tire part here you bother
putting these bangs and then make that
cake a lot of people when they eat my
cakes or cupcakes
number one thing these days oh my god
it's so moist and dyed it so suck I love
it
it's like eating a cloud yeah I have a
secret too that people think I put
something in my cakes or have some
secret ingredient people ask me all the
time I really don't I'm just too lazy to
time how long that beta for so I just
beautiful
that's great it's out so I actually beat
my kicks are way longer that you're
probably supposed to and also people say
you're not supposed to because then air
bubbles getting it and whatnot but um
because - that's really no big deal it
takes before that taken like six seven
takes you guys have seen my dole
birthday cake that took a good five six
cakes so quite tedious quite annoying
all right so I got one cake mix in the
pan we're doing my second no problem
easy peasy lemon squeezy
all right so I got my cake out of the
oven I let it cool for a couple hours
and now what you do is I'm gonna carve
it to make it into shape I want so this
cake is generally simple I don't carve
it too much but I want to look like an
open book
the good thing is that the cake rise is
kind of like that so it already has that
kind of open page effect but what I want
is it to dip in the middle so it looks
like Paige is opening up so I'm
basically gonna carve like this
basically this kind of gets messy so I'm
gonna have to do the pan I baked it in
right there so I'm put the extra cake in
there unfortunately some cake does go to
waste but I'll probably eat it
okay so that's my general shaper and I
looks really rough but the good thing is
you clean it up by using I say so before
you put fondant on the cake you have
recovered the complete cake with icing
all right so my cakes cooling in the
fridge and I'm gonna cover it with
fondant my fondant comes in this bonfire
hectic to make so I just apply it
responded with play-doh
this is icing sugar this right here is
why my mom hates when I make cakes
because everything gets missing you have
a better way of doing this please
comment and let me know because right
now what I do is I just put a bit in and
then get it all over my hand that
doesn't come off for like days so I'm
gonna put a bit this is by the way kind
of like paint for icing I guess it's
like food coloring but it's not as
littly so let's start with a little bit
because it's really really really
concentrated so the color is quite
strong and basically you just need away
that's a workout man I'm trying this and
time way here
hectic workouts as that's warming up I
want to introduce you to my best friend
here my friend chase bought this for me
it's awesome
it's a rolling pin but it is made of
marble so it is extra useful when
rolling out fondant if you use a normal
rolling pin it's really hard but because
the weight of this it presses down
harder makes your job a lot easier
I take the fondant and roll it onto the
rolling pin like so it's all rolled out
like that just makes putting it on a lot
easier alright now we're gonna cover the
cake like so hook icing sugar is
everywhere okay I'm gonna cover the cake
like so this is the most important
product this is where it's a maker break
of a cake recipe so I'm going to take it
start from one egg I'm just
like
alright guys so now that I got my basic
shape here which is a pretty little book
with a bookmark in it I'm just gonna
keep adding things
so there you have it a Harry Potter cake
and just to show you
silver I've gotta dust for the stars
gold for the wand and the coins some
coins I did bronze as well and for the
Quidditch baldie thing I use gold I got
some spells over here got the scarf got
the haircut glasses got the lightning
bolt um and yeah that's pretty much the
cake hope you guys enjoyed I know as
much of a tutorial I didn't really sign
for it to be I just kinda wanted to make
a cake let me know if you want proper
tutorial though I'd love to make one
also if you guys have any suggestions on
what kind of cakes I can make I love to
work on them I usually just make cakes
that people order and just a pair for my
youtube name is III super I I just you
know nice frame famous improvement my
twitter is the same thing Ric boom III
and my facebook page is just superwoman
productions having said that I do
sometimes make cakes cake orders for
people through the GTA Greater Toronto
Area I'm you need a cake for anything
feel free to hit me up on YouTube
Facebook Twitter yeah yeah and I'll see
if I can do it right oh yeah it's been
fun and hey Potter move expelliarmus
don't know what that means
hopefully I mean I'm gone disappear or
something it is the purest there's
something alright
Oh
