look at me I hate you here don't you
ever wonder why pearls watch this crap
why they say the things they do you know
Brown girls in particular seem to be
species on their own don't they
I'm sure least once and is like every
brown guys ask what the hell is going to
the mind of that brown girl well today
today I'm going to tell you welcome to
super omens official guide of how to
deal with round nose so hold on tight
cuz you know something quite the
emotional rollercoaster what's cooking
good looking to grow superwoman
now wait you might be wondering what
happened to Lilly she should be so nice
gaud√≠ chickpea like a bug nice hair is
what is this book on a glove Ghia tuck
they are not some people say I look like
Sean Paul some people say I look like go
away young mula baby actually just came
back from Dominican Republic had a
wicked town time but I'm back black and
ready to make facts
my boy just rain has done a super
magnificent job of explaining and
talking away brown girls haha he's right
so today brown boys I'm gonna give you
the key to the brain of a brown girl but
luckily the down be some simple tips
hints and tricks and much needed
explanations let's get into it
you're still my girls were getting off
XO man's damn can't give her attention I
mean like I'll be with my boys much my
true boys west side and she'll be like
glowing on my blackberry no a bbm text
message email FaceTime my location
she's like an extra course on my
timetable you'll see about 40 to 50 ok
brown girls love attention
it's no secret but consider this brown
girls are grown up in an Indian or
something similar culture which means
that for their entire lives even
second-class citizens to the brown land
we got a deal with stuff like this your
back walkover car G disregard butchers s
ragazzi thus pathetic in Japan Korea
just one sister sistema to ban good
brawny put Neji LAN Qiu rabbit emoji it
was supposed to go into putting a pot on
top of the golden key gardenia mint okay
never in a shocker eonni CD Amalia Teddy
jamesnicky karamakov keysmith Damania la
boum AK another school Banda got it now
with the help of my hard-earned
psychology really I feel this may have
impact on why Brown grows needs so much
attention because realistically we don't
really get attention from anywhere else
so when it comes to our boyfriends we
want all the attention we can get which
makes us ok little bit and needy now
come on
I understand it's unreasonable and
unrealistic to give a brown girlfriend
100% of your attention all the time
but here's a small tip on how to survive
a relationship
psycho brown girl the times you can
spend with her make sure you make her
feel important just by using a simple
word here we go you it makes the world
of a difference say you only have an
hour to spend time with her in that hour
say things like how are you you look
nice and normal
I'm not having fun I'm having fun with
you so brown girl you you you which
results in me Nene is good we're good
alright my brownies how many times have
you found yourself in this situation
baby what's wrong
nothing are you sure I said nothing it
really doesn't seem like it how many
times do I have to tell you that there's
nothing wrong whatever have you found
yourself in this situation when you ask
a girl what's wrong and she replies
nothing simple and statistic when a girl
says nothing's wrong ninety percent of
the time of course there's something
wrong we're not artists we don't want to
sit and draw you a diagram every time
we're upset if it's so crystal clear to
us why can't you guys tell once in a
while why we're upset consider this if
we got into a car accident and we're
dying bleeding limbs falling off in the
middle of intersection you wouldn't stop
and say baby is everything okay of
course not because it's so obvious that
something's not okay just the same
throughout the day there's many things
that girls find as obvious as a car
accident check it out
and basically that's what was bothering
me yeah I got it I got it
hey what are you on your period rule 2.5
never ever blame a girl's bad attitude
on her period we don't want our
bitterness and anger nests and upsetness
to be biologically based because that
would make us sick and diseased on top
of that if you are right and we are on
our period we'll get even more upset
because that means you're right
and we're wrong and and we don't like
being wrong I mean our stomachs aren't
hurting bloated I'm popping advils like
it's my job on top of that I don't need
to hear is it your time of the month
didn't mother nature paid you a little
visit
is that a co-write no don't do it
alright brownies let's let's have a
heart-to-heart here okay you had a party
you see a girl you see a Coney you do
didn't do you want to talk to her you're
a gentleman
you know you're sophisticated well the
good guy you walk up to her and this
happens this Peter how you doing
your whatever you just let anyways yo
boy start talking crap what the girl
consider all the brown guys that I've
tried hitting on her earlier that day
hey madam what's up
come on back five cents me okay um
freedom yeah body playa video to G for
Ethernet chocolate what if you love you
metope demand Lemke Boteler ye that is
hard illegally to get a Martin your
problem e highlights is time stone for
girls 100 mitaina gala Coppa Italia is
happy holiday hablo mucho de Sade Vlad
what are we ok la deuda gaudi's casa de
ja ja check on for over da - Alana
pluggy obscenity on the part a pony for
you 50 B bro yo robot that your with its
mission a toboggan oh sure so it is this
this that we come here it come here
again
baby Pataki just happened
hello welcome to Tama gas pump how much
gas do you like today oh you can just
fill it up that time yeah you want it
polenta
you know nice car it's good do you give
me a number I could call who the party
or Joe what do we do I do Babu Babu
restaurant so would I take you there we
have a good time so much food
ah hmm now often a brown girl puts up a
front like she's the jerk and she's
stuck-up when in reality that's just her
protection mechanism protection like a
defense mechanism against brown guys who
are creepers so my advice to you is to
try not to sound like every brown guy
who'll approach around girl in a day
because if you do game over
no extra lives no mushrooms no Princess
Peach nothing and a key factor in this
is definitely do not use the words
sweetheart baby especially not in the
first sentence the best thing you can do
is to try to start a normal conversation
without making it obvious that you're
trying to get girl hey excuse me give
time a chance
oh yeah I did cuz I know I put fun I've
been looking everywhere for it that
always happens to me
right I know
Wow you believe the bar is our crowd
really yeah like um a broad party you
think they're proud of the bar you see
that that's a quality job right there
now how many of you brownies have been
at a party you know having a good time
fuckin a jam been luckier Shaq is
playing I was like threw up high what
and then you see this happen
yeah mom yeah I'm some friends house
we're studying album soon yeah I hate
her mommy food yeah and mom
it's crucial to pick the appropriate
time to dance with a girl if hunger a
song is not the appropriate time
especially to draws a bungler dancer
that's like trying to dance with a girl
in church that's not very nice
well there you have a gentle book I hope
this video has been very educational for
you you know in fact I think a great six
is like mandatory to watch sex ed I
think this video should be played in
Punjabi schools across the nation thanks
to everyone you you you you you and you
who made this video possible and oh hey
hey since you're already here
you might as well just click subscribe
it's right there want to sleep just do
it so until part two see you later
alligator
thanks for watching do it do it do it
right do it do do swear do it do it do
scrap do it now
