Reverend Joseph Owen today we'll teach
you how to tie inside the pub or at
least my personal side of the pub and
for warned you I got expert by any means
of you have any tips on how I can move
please let me know - I'd love to better
myself
girls also have a special weapon you can
use to type of barbecue nails and a few
secrets long way on how to make it a bit
easier alright so let's go do it so
first thing I do is fold the bun and
restructured our first search the box
and ends
stretch it out properly folded Barbican
Centre for Chris poking fun so I'm going
to start folding once twice three times
hold up on your shirt nice and creamy
trying to pull the store carry too much
so first things first if the pressure
type of fog on scars are make sure you
tie the hair in a way that doesn't
obstruct the bun so put it behind this
is grab one end you want to make sure
the open end is upward so you want to
make sure that's not the bottom to block
set it right about there the first one
kind of covers his eyes that's not good
dealing this out so put it around which
is nice and clean cravaack run and twist
just get away to make it straight again
if you're learning you can help it helps
having someone carry around for you
alright so the second one this sets the
shape book so we're gonna leave a gap
there scientist gap right there this one
we're going to put almost straight but
not completely it goes up and this is
crucial right you're gonna pinch with
your thumb okay and we're worried about
the first leg just like that and make
sure you tackle time
keep doing the same thing and make sure
to keep it tight I'm gonna get those
because then it looks sloppy in the
ending it's going to go a bit above
again when you get here we're going to
pinch again slightly above the second
one and although your podcast we tie it
try not to make it so tight we're your
guides crying as it does hurt quite a
bit you're going to try not to cover the
year too much and talk about the second
last last line because then I gets a bit
too low so keep a bit of skier showing
the most part you're not really that's
that Sonny's tip of it each pinch to
school is a bit harder home for try to
me to go a bit higher if you do them all
at the exact same point you're going to
get that point
since Apollo my second last word loves
I'm getting two covers here now
so the longer the bottom the more light
you have to do but if you leave a lot of
fun before you type of gorilla you're
going to have quite a big tumor back to
the side um it really depends how start
your bug is if my bug is really starch
then I tend to have a bit of a tour
because I think it's really hard to tuck
in if there's just a little bit of blood
left so I'm going to make this my last I
think on the last slide what you do is
open it up a bit because is where
cleanliness
comes in okay we'll put it up make sure
it's all straight don't worry about that
focus up that I'm just kind of position
it so it's over this middle point that's
the past that middle point make sure
it's me okay so this is where my secret
weapon come in and being a girl to Co NT
meant to be I've broken many nail is
tucking it early and it's led to a
bloody mess so this tip is for all girls
who are hiding vodka or for guys the
door less hard okay don't be ashamed I
use when we see one minutes I'll show
you right on so much like a weapon is a
smooth it makes sucking up your love way
way easier and your nails won't break
and on top of that when your book is
very starched it makes it way easier you
wanna use a slide this view has a
popular hole in one
so I need a school make sure and this
crucial to the health and well-being
person so the spoon there's no point
appear to have staff be flat or so when
you do this try to be gentle try to uh
oops too hard because it can grooves and
harm the person you spoke in springtime
so what you do first and you're going to
find a space of your finger okay it's
crucial you find that space notes just
moving the bun when you find that gap
tuck in using the this end swing it
should for the most part sidewalk is
relatively tight and it might be a bit
harder but it's definitely easier than
using your finger so we're going to tuck
that in tuck it all the way around and
you want to make sure it's in there
quite secure because when the new one
put up that's gonna fall out otherwise
okay so after you've tucked the door
lens almost brighter grab the end of it
okay hold it with your thumbs okay hold
it tight resistant you're just gonna
scratch it you want to apply pressure
here because I know that looks pretty
little be just better in the okay this
point in time you're going for some time
out of this plug you're trying to push
it from the front of the back okay so
that you created a gap there now when
they do this again
years want to find that gap set the door
look
take your bucks right in here and
wherever your fingers are forced with
the life today
again we gentle because you can severely
hurt the first one if you're not try not
to crush their ear also yeah that seems
pretty good so once that's in you can
kind of adjust it sideways you want to
make sure the open end which is the send
is towards the back not the front right
now you'll have to completely set it all
I think is a good fat right now and kind
of tuck in the edges that's not flopping
around we're gonna loosen the first
slide which is hanging out here loosen
it just a bit so we just loosen the
first line and also we're going to use
to cover the rest of the heads and find
the opening okay take this excess one
finger it up a bit we're in the back
hopefully we won't form that liver tumor
if it does again you can do an extra
large I don't prefer to because it's
harder to control up but if you tighten
it properly anyways use your that baton
though it's gonna cover all this excess
inside then you take this quarter blood
this is how you tighten it you just do
an initial pull first
okay it'll tighten a bit make sure
everything's getting covered again our
best friend can help us out here if you
just kind of take your spoon just kind
of consider like that a lot of people
actually don't do this I find it just
makes it easier there's no keep going
back up I can get in then okay so one
row over here each separate piece we
pull those are tightened different
sections but so you pull each section
properly okay now we want to do is that
excited convicted a little advice now so
make those bridges proper time it out so
personally I prefer when this is tacked
on the back going make sure the full of
salt crisp if the door like he doesn't
have that much starch on it and if you
find swapping over what you can do is
take a box Allah and to bust cool box
Allah what school look see what I just
put into the so doesn't flop around
everywhere yeah that's pretty much it
it's pretty much it it's not perfect
I'll have a little twist to it a lot
some places if you have any suggestions
on how to make it better please feel
free to let me know if you have any
questions let me know and I will try to
must answer that way yeah yes super time
Siberia and I you should learn how to
put it in you guys learn how to bend
your knees come on program okay thanks
for watching
oh that smile smile smile
dammit
