yeah I broke into your phone and I know
what's up what everyone is a girl
superwoman and the other day I was
scrolling through my phone right and at
least 30 times I was like who did
because traitor there are some names in
there that I've never even encountered
let alone people I'm friends with I'll
show you one part ones with Maggie
well the hella I literally never met
someone named Maggie I have no clue who
this is
I'm convinced um my name's Mears then
you're sort of unconvinced on the
contacts on my phone or like example
contacts that came with the phone like
Hello here's your new iPhones or u2
album in an example contact and that
goddamn stocks app that you're never
gonna use what's that sorry headphone
jack now we got rid of that door al
here's a single right how you saved as a
contact in someone phones with a lot of
virtual relationships with them who
there's levels to this issue number one
the antique contact most oh my god is so
hard I'm sweatin I hope the time you get
some work number because you want to be
in communication with them but some
contexts are the exact opposite you have
their number in your phone so you can
block them from your life everyone has
at least one of these contacts in this
office not today
I'll get over it I was like no I'm gonna
defend a woman don't me no I'm bad luck
just can I help it later
no but you the reminder straight up I
have like 200 contacts in my phone and I
probably know the last name of about
twelve that's because I don't stay full
name okay that last name you know that's
not for your actual last name but that I
was like your doctor not it's an empty
field for me to insert whatever helps
you remember who you are and how the
hell I know you don't you think it
really does a company feel where you can
put this information no I don't care if
you're my neighbor you know what your
name is in my phone Adam neighbor that's
your name that's your family history as
I will change your ancestry like that
Kelly babysitter's Joe security guards
mark lead guy for my garden obviously
calm down cool guys are always super
chilling lot and I will never change
these names
we sent did you get it yep
thanks is my name in your phone is
marked weed guy that was seven years ago
on the lawyer now
so we're friend now can you put my real
last name no no no we'll be able to find
you then yes I'll just change it when
you let your guard down
yeah well I never let me go down have a
brownie YUM oh okay mmm nothing
Oh hump look I don't care if I marry
Adam Weber Adam neighbor are going to be
Adam neighbor for a night okay people
still have me in their phone is Lily
unibrow it is what it is you can't
change history there is a place called
Bangkok stop complaining
number three code names if you really
mean a lot to me your name will not be
in my phone but rather you will be saved
by some adorable hilarious pet name did
you say this Jessica and my phone we're
just acquaintances okay but if you're
saved as ratchet queen of the north we
met you and the more emojis the better I
notice the ring now I'm here Oh bout it
whole bag supreme I am so glad hey oh
hey baby what you words and I just feel
like I have the right level of
professionalism to this position
as I was saying professionalism number
for old schoolers now back in the day
before fidgets spinners and before
people were offended by everything we
used to have these things called health
phones and even though today everyone
uses cell phones I still have contact
saving my phone has no iPhone Kevin
blackberry Ryan home and if you're real
anxious you probably even got so call me
back in one to three hours as soon as it
gets to a payphone let's go play Atari
number five thing one and thing two
you know what I never do have a
boyfriend shut up Sweden Lily okay no
you know what I never do get used I will
smack you when people text me their new
number
I will never delete the old one is that
just me so to say this Kevin one Kevin -
Kevin old Kevin new why do you ask
because it is literally rocket science
to change someone's number I feel like
it is a universally known truth that
it's easier to just make a new contact
am I the only lazy one please come alone
let me know this handy with me HIV to me
is nice to me through this - or like if
people have multiple phones for
different areas of the world like
Jessica America
Jessica Europe like goddamnit whole buy
a travel trend
I don't want text and madness every time
I have to get in contact with you
although it doesn't matter how many
times or which key number I call Jessica
because you never answered the phone you
know no thanks it literally saw I'm
sweating buckets if you liked the video
give it a big thumbs up comment below
and let me know do you like these
contacts in your phone don't like your
dot T check out my last video right over
there if you check my vlogs in my second
channel right over there subscribe
because I make new videos every Monday
and Thursday
one love superwoman that is a wrap and
Zoop I'm not my glasses on my face
