this video about to have more characters
than your recent tweet whatever words a
girl to looming when I was younger I
should be so intrigued by movie sets
actors and peepees and now that I'm
older I've had the chance to be on a lot
of movies as actors and deacons what I
wish what not moving on and when my
friends ask me how movie sets are I tell
them they're awesome but there are two
things about step lights that are
absolutely ridiculous so if you've never
been on a movie set here's what goes
down number one over communication and
there's a lot of reason to communicate
everything that happened one is that you
know for efficiency for safety to sound
cool etc but sometimes it's a little
overkill not to mention it's not English
you know what let me get a fill Robbie
audition it striking striking Cammie
spraying copy martinis up copy that last
look stepping in standing by
camera speed selfie step second six copy
that
second six copy copy copy that copy you
copy copy copy this is not an
exaggeration literally and that language
just engraved into your mind okay I'll
be out there flirting with boys just
like stepping in hey someone bring did
you I go for craft services together
sometime maybe maybe Saturday copy that
I finished last looks at around 8:00 so
why don't you pick me up around
magic hour uh okay stop you bet that's a
wrap on flirting because I did in my
life that's right my flirting is like a
movie
you mean like the blooper number two job
descriptions
now instead every person has a very
specific job that they take super
seriously which basically means your
back pants up and respect my craft
no one does anyone else's job no matter
how many
okay pictures up oh no wait no we got a
little hair on her cheek look I could
just hair can we get hair oh yeah
there's a hair on the cheek so can you
just hair it's lying it
now we've got a little bit of our tag in
the shot
can we get wardrobe number three hurry
up and wait
anything's ever been on a set is very
familiar with this term bitch which
means I just go right to set so early so
they're telling you to get ready ASAP
then once you're ready you're gonna wait
anywhere from two to five hours to shoot
your scene thanks so much Lily I'll come
get you when we're ready all right
sounds good thank you we're all set for
your scene it's my time to shine
straight off the younger and older
version of roles from Titanic was saved
by the same actress okay this had to
move lights in between everything moves
so slow and takes forever and that's a
wrap 14 hours not bad
could we get playback on what we shot
today
man that's good Wow Wow it's beautiful
number four blocking now the first time
I went on a set and someone was like hey
we're going to go through the blocking I
was like what the f is something gonna
punch me but then I learn that blockings
rehearsing the movements of the scene so
like you're going to stand there then
you're gonna walk here then you're gonna
look they're gonna hit that mark all
that what do you think about blocking
right sometimes you're expected to not
move like a human view can I see the
picture up we got a little bit of a
glare tilt it down more more a little
more notnot too much for the difference
and up to left a little little more a
little more to the left or no right
right right
tilt down the perfect tops right there
okay hit that exact same spot for sure
and now I'm one sesh doing like a bad
boyfriend because I can't hit the right
spot and the directors else you're
faking it to not make me feel bad and
action I mean oh yeah that was the one
oh God
- six simple principles all right in the
middle that's the plot you have to dress
up like a male character just so you can
hear those words of satisfaction what a
job wound is really on the cheap mm-hm
that you won't hit it right number five
creepy sound down 90% of time I've been
on a set there's been a male sound
technician which by the way why here's
the thing about sound tech right
essentially it's a complete stranger
approaching you putting his hand up and
down the shirt tape these things to your
boob stick using a bra with minimal to
no words exchanged just like my name's
Chuck jump up Stan shirt
and 100% of the time this mic pack is
freezin not once in my entire life
peasant not them now this might be a
little cold yeah we've got to nipple
rips in the front of her shirt
can we get wardrobe and a hot chocolate
forget a god sounds cool we'll always
find a way to my queue no matter what I
could be wearing a onesie okay no rock
can be moved and those are your idea how
people are going to jump with the wire
to your bellybutton out your desk you're
just people the mic pack Spears editor
they'll find a way straight up always
changing once and then someone walk in
and they're on a jewel nice song and I
was like oh that's that's just a mic
liar
yeah the sound will crack that video
well hello there if you like this video
give it a thumbs up comment below and
let me know who is your favorite
character that I play in this video my
last video is right over there bloopers
for this video right over there my
second channel makes you sweat because I
make new videos every Monday and there's
like one love superwoman that is a wrap
and Zoop
