the first ever Lily live you might be
like what that you're talking about you
do this every month no incorrect I just
asked Superman live every month and this
is the first ever lily line with my real
name
Li Li why why because it's not about
absolutely super anymore saboom too much
about bringing people into my world and
having amazing guests I'm so excited
today because today is a special third
legal edition which is gonna be full of
games and challenges before you get into
all that stuff you want to join this
conversation get out of Twitter use the
hashtag really lol why don't mess around
I like how eyes will be blocked okay Li
Li live ask the questions joined the
final answer question jiggle live stream
join the conversation spread to your
friends do all the things is everything
good to go we have two special guests
today and I can't think of any better
people to have during my first we live
in my actual base today it might even be
our anniversary of all three of us when
we started dating all three of us and
the first time I'll be beside our first
kiss and whatever else my don't guess I
write for drone won't be there pretty
long and Laurie
welcome to my home this is the first
time they're at my house also hmm right
are we all good four volumes I know
there's some whispering going on -
there's too much sexiness in the frame
and now the volumes like not working
properly
are we all good it's peaking we're
peaking I'm too excited I'm sorry should
I not be so excited
great thanks for coming to ask me live
awesome so I think the world thinks you
guys are really cute but you guys are
infamous for being cute couple and stuff
at all three of us really and actually
before we started we were discussing
who's actually the third wheel because I
think it's you think of this I'm the
third wheel in this adorable couple and
other various adorable couples in my
life generally in life I am the third
wheel so we're gonna break that today I
want to play fun games all y'all who
maybe are watching come comment below
let us know your thoughts tweet act what
is your Twitter now let's just stop and
in laurdiy you should know this unless
you live under a rock and if you live
under a rock I'm jealous because it's
hot but we're gonna make them gameplay
guys down yeah we've actually three
start I know you guys are all about
didn't have an app called donut dazzle
we don't know what it is get on that
issue
oh they're colorful it can be kind of
like your Instagram I was trying to that
was the aesthetic you guys wanna get to
the donuts but you guys got earns a
moment oh you almost ate the box there
so you gotta own that though they don't
have a game I want to know do you guys
think you know each other pretty well
yeah kinda
ask up one to ten how well do you think
you know a half and a half Oh Charlie
I'll do better
Alex got our anniversary wrong yesterday
she only knows me a little bit better
because she's a better memory if I had a
better answer Mary
oh it's winter anniversary
didn't know that yesterday all right
before we start this livestream
I asked both them to answer some
questions and I'm gonna ask first to you
Lauren okay so these are questions Alex
and okay so here's the thing with
Alexander's questionnaire what's the
dumbest answer down it's not actually
the real answer so you should be able to
for how you that determine it yeah cause
you're gonna determine if alex is right
about himself
yeah this is how relationships work okay
no it's the future boyfriend of mine
take notes
okay so I asked Alex what is your
favorite video that Lauren has made what
do you think Alex's favorite videos of
yours of mine we calm down just one bite
there's a play okay snap question okay
according to Alex what is his favorite
cereal do another one this where you
don't put something stupid down that's
two materials okay I'm gonna say either
Cinnamon Toast Crunch that was almost it
keeps my house almost there's a really
good cinnamon toast crunch aunty crunch
possibly no cocoa pebbles okay if alex
is it a bad mood what's one thing
that'll cheer him up fart that's true
although that's plausible that's
incorrect
that's a good answer to explain before
why would a fart because you've got the
humor a four-year-old and last I'll give
you five he farted both anyone far she's
important she doesn't she just litters
yes okay yeah it's basketball oh yeah I
guess yeah yeah okay athlete prophet
what is his favorite kid this is why you
never say this is a stupid so what is
your favorite Oh getting tempted you're
so so honest what is your favorite junk
oh they get this one okay no I'm gonna
I'm gonna give you a whole array okay so
he likes the the chewy Jolly Ranchers so
this is why I said your abs are stupid
this is chewy John you interprets the
green and red ones that we always get or
those stupid Sunkist fruit slices that
no one like well this is all correct
going to Alex how many X's has he had
before he knows
Alex ahead you put like all of them down
or like only girlfriends girls and boy
cousins you talk about girls
okay so actual real yeah yeah like I
love the sensation of one okay once it
lasted probably at least like six months
okay so before you have any exes if
you're from our generation I feel like
you definitely did okay I'm between two
numbers I think it's for its for news by
the way can we get it zoom in on these
nails real quickly and now my nails and
this is why nothing on them no this is
why Laurens a better human than I am
these are like you I actually really
want them we'll talk about this later
okay what okay according to Alex what
annoys him the most about you probably
how like how scheduled I am that's not
Merritt mm-hmm how anxious I am this is
this is a very specific how anxious I am
no no I'll give you one more animal nope
Oh Malan though yeah she makes
high-pitched stress noises oh my god
like yesterday can you give us an
example
yeah
it's not even something it's just like
she forgot to tweet something or
something small and she I can vouch this
once
I thought Lauren get stressed out
because I quote on her Instagram no two
pictures that were not even next to each
other they were just touching on the
grid so like from last week and today
the corners of them each had blue yeah
so the Blues were touching okay we got
two more
what do you okay so according to Alex
what do you two argue about the most how
much he sleeps what about I think
overall forever is hilarious
Oh cities stuffed animals what the f can
you explain why they tell you ru is
always so your biggest thing you argue
buzz you want him to love your stuff
animals aren't that hard yeah they're
really maybe they're not that's the
biggest problem you'll know yeah all
right that's our biggest problem last
one okay what's the biggest injury
alex has ever had oh that is correct
Thank You each other high-fives that's
pretty good that's pretty good good oh
yeah Alex Missy hello you know Lauren
won't give you about the flop that
acting was so good Rose like you got one
two three four five five right by eight
Oh what that's a lot are you sure family
are you dumb taking my word no you got
my side yeah got candy got four X's you
got stuffed animals
okay okay I know we're good okay now
here we go robo versal can we get a
close-up of this look right here with
these bomb and ashes that are
accentuating the look she's giving
pre-emptive I'm sorry I gotta say I
definitely feel like the third wheel
okay anyone else that was like a
preventative measure
ready oh great strategy that's a great
note yeah so it's mad kiss from yeah
yeah stop so it's so cute when you're
done anything solve problems it's
adorable
okay here we go according to according
to Lauren Alex what is Lauren's biggest
fear worms I'm sorry if you don't know
you're on a carbs diet or something just
get it on and never get it okay that was
good that's correct I'm gonna give you a
check right okay according to Lawrence
what is her favorite thing about you
my big heart
your big do whatever you can say
whatever you want if it's disgusting and
nasty oh it's your humor and that's
bonus points because humorous about the
Canadian way okay
next according to Lord what is her least
favorite thing about you I think even I
know what that is correct
according to Lauren alex farts like an
abnormal amount of time oh there sure
like almost everyone in this room can
vouch for this how about that
Alex parts in a day oh all the way here
you thank you for today
probably like 15 to 20 ok seconds
walking down the hall where are the days
like you just so mature
moving on voice is correct according to
Lauren you piece-of-trash this answer is
so trashed what is the last thing you
argued about I want to see what you say
matches this and we haven't organized in
a while I don't know this is why we get
Horry missing I don't remember what we
worried about in that happens again if I
think it's fine it says honestly can't
remember oh good what kind of trash
I just want to say that this is nothing
like the relationships I grew up with in
my home unrealistic situate kids don't
go home and think this is how mommy and
daddy are supposed to be these are
supposed to be broken on the floor how
it's supposed to be okay next question
what's the one thing
Lauren wishes you can change about
herself which is you can change about
yourself yeah this physically it just
that's the question
but whichever route you want to take it
yeah I'm so stressed you like your big
ears oh I'm sorry
there's a stress for it's a stress for
Lauren which is you could change by
herself
you should tweet be like what ten
minutes in one of our five four three
two we're all going but since we started
dating she has already gotten more
outgoing more outgoing is not correct it
is her anxieties laughing okay
question if Lord were stranded on an
island what are three things she would
want with her stuff tease her so you
were one of the things she would bring
moose and this is the last what are you
ready memory foam memory foam bed okay
right now if you get the next two right
you'll be tied but if you get one more
wrong okay next question I feel like
this is easy according to Laura what
does the app she uses the most on her
phone that's correct
oh yes last questions hopeful with that
was another hint did you tell the answer
hum oh there's plenty of the donuts I
don't know that okay good the same
fourth wheel is third-wheeling okay last
question I was referring to the the rape
of donuts Instagram just please excuse
that humble enters the frame to take a
doughnut
everybody okay last question you need to
get this right oh you need to get this
right or Lauren beats you okay no
pressure everyone pull your noise do we
go to sudden death plug your nose just
in case okay last question according to
Lauren what was her first youtube video
3 2 1 it is no heat girls and Lauren who
officially won you know
and he knows you go ahead and take a
bite of your daughter but that's okay
because you guys are both pretty well
yeah that's pretty impressive I'm pretty
good speaking of videos remember back in
the day when all of us made those cringe
videos into thousands of things our
first videos were also so pretty
I think that screen actually turned
toward us for a second ago man know what
I got here is I actually have one of
Lauren's first really good you know it I
don't know if it's the no-heat curls it
is in fact the no controls something to
do with brains oh great - fun break
Devon alright so what right now I was
like your live reaction to all the
Lauren's first videos I think it's great
I think it's so comfortable to watch
personally but let's get it up on screen
whenever we're ready for this it'll go
with a small little bit small but if you
could give a lot of reactions 3 2 1 go
for it okay so today I'm going to show
you how to make it really bomb you look
really cute just using a French braid at
the back your head going from the nape
of your neck to top of the bun keep
watching begin by flipping your hair
over and creating three section is to
make a braid once you have the three
sections French braid your hair by
continuously adding more section of the
braids your back obiano those days all
too well the pieces take
I wish there one continue to French
braid your hair until you've reached the
desired location of the bun and out
there all your hair and elastic it into
a bun as you are - the intricate is like
hello this is my video pretty good Wow
alright so you prefer her hair brunette
yeah one thing not to say to the person
you're dating yeah what I hate your hair
color I know I didn't say that I said I
liked it but I want to see it brunette
as well okay so here's the things that
he doesn't understand how harsh
bleaching is on your hair so if you go
back boys you go that brown there is no
going back to blonde no all right I'm
going to interrupt with this love fest
because me being the official third
wheel the situation we discovered that
Lord knows you a little bit better but I
would like to know as the third wheel
this relationship how well do you
actually know me oh oh man I'm gonna
guess not very well
oh I mostly because I'm never here okay
I don't ask questions and whoever thinks
they know the answer is gonna raise
their head okay good buzzer system we
get it right okay here we go the first
question how well do you know the third
wheel
first question actually it's gonna be
the first person to touch my hair okay
I'm the buzzer name some as a complete
question in a Spanish game name
something I'm scared of Wow the suede
speed the lack of speed anything I'm
scared may one thing good air
conditioning I'm not scared of it when
we give you that because I do hate air
conditioning that is the point though I
don't like air conditioning that's
absolutely correct
on a per ticket hcgoing right now in
this room why do we have AC going on in
this room somebody I'm fired
okay ready this is gonna show you
when's my birthday oh I wasn't even on
my birthday I'm over what month is my
birthday still don't know y'all came to
my birthday party
wait wait oh wait no I was in a town
because you had it - Romy this is
correct
I did yes April nope okay me absolutely
incorrect September's number today
oh there's many answers to this name one
of my favorite foods skittles
that is correct okay name of food I
really don't like oh oh wait oh I think
hang on he said my life is sad is what
this means
oh I'm not a lot of people like mustard
I think westerns great he just takes I'm
like don't like mustard any food I don't
like she broke something anxiety like
what I'm a vegetarian so that's Lauren
300 right now if you get this vaguely
right I'll be surprised vegetarian is
not an answer
what's my Chipotle order which by the
way is one of my favorite foods that
talking about approximately 90% of them
I don't even eat it to police so I feel
like I don't get much label oh I don't
like walk Oh lettuce lettuce is correct
two more left
two more ready what was the
we're named for my tour / documentary Oh
a tea you wait wait no a tea to us boom
my girl that was good there's a lot of
brain power that's our one so no matter
what you do with the bus we're like 10
points oh no Grady yeah team super
you're probably at home yes especially
with this question how many chapters are
in my book okay ten Wow okay no oh okay
know that it's done that is it a lot
well I'm gonna I'm in my mind picture
all the colorful dividers that split the
chapter just zoom into my face Myrna is
this the point where we give you a kiss
so that you don't get 28
there's 50 chapters oh oh
for one you're both horrible friends
mostly my folks but that goes to you
again lord I have discovered that I had
no friends
and I need to be here more and spend
more time with my friends we're gonna
take some questions with the audience
because they have some questions for you
obviously you guys asked questions do I
continue to ask questions
Lily live is where you can go to do that
and then to move because the questions
Claudia asks okay this question is
annoying for me you should know okay
okay if there was no other men on the
planet
guppies here guppies here this is
birthday Oh birthday cup it was not
beautiful I mean nothing
hey cook break into nothing come on in
or just put it right in front of the
camera right here yeah bringing up me
he's swimming in the air really good
happy birthday guppy no doughnuts I'm
sure every so funny everyone knows your
birthday anyways moving on we got
questions from the audience I know
everyone wants to know this answer okay
it's very annoying for me let's imagine
all men on this planet are dead except
for three Claudia wants to know who
would you prefer as a boyfriend for Lily
oh great question okay Yussef Susie or
Dietrich Thanks wow that was a unanimous
d-trix explain why they wanted him Susie
is a player doesn't mean to go blaze
need your badge ladies Susie I guess I
just think that you guys are just too
fools
mm-hmm butting heads to be credit you
some and I are great friends but yes we
just never work and why dumb because so
what you're trying to say is I need a
boyfriend s compatible with everybody so
which I think I talked about he's a good
listener that no boys have so it's like
it's like he rises up three things on
your bucket list to do with each other
that Germany had done Oh
it sounds of interest because we've done
everything okay what have you done that
was the cool world okay so no like just
going to the mall or Bora Bora mm ye
visited Paris for her birthday so don't
let this be an example that YouTube like
taking on that Adsense time and I get
hella brand news and that's what this is
don't let this be okay normal people go
to the mall go to movies use coupon you
were in the movies together
okay Sami asks how would you convince
them this is another question that I got
are annoys me Sami asks how would you if
you all had 20 seconds right not to
convince me to be in a relationship how
would you convince me to be in a
relationship right now right now yeah I
like life is happy ready to share with
someone who is also positive okay I like
the last part what were you I would just
squish our faces together like video and
then happy in that one to be like this
so many of your oils are just going into
each other's pores right that's it all
right I'm not convinced the oil dialer
yep so any pimples that which is really
negatively affected we have a barrier we
have a barrier of makeup you got
foundation on today I do but that okay
okay my face it's absorbs it so how
would I cubes orbit you have great skin
though actually both have great Stacey
so mad he's never bought he's laughing
to watch his face was like mixed 13 boys
don't watch their faces I feel he's so
mad that's with a face watch except for
Kyle
the natural defense if I wash my face
and take that off and then I get the
breakout don't watch my fur it makes no
sense yeah
next question somebody asks have you
ever seen a Bollywood movie
the Slumdog Millionaire count please
report to my last video I say things
people say to me the lion count it lion
does not count
that's a Bollywood movie let me give you
the breakdown of what Bollywood movies
are like right let's do they're watching
home never seen one you know this very
romantic very over-the-top
they're like musicals they're they're
very mushy gushy love song as such slow
motion runs hair flips all that stuff so
we are a Bollywood movie are you put
that to the test right now the thing is
with Bollywood's movies and songs that
the lyrics in Hindi are very romantic
when translated they're actually quite
lame and tumblr asking really just like
say tumblr s Tumblr esque
like very just like dance like no one's
watching like super crap that's like
have you put on like so like a poster
exactly what I have here is I have this
is your artist Alex hold this Lauren
this is yours these are some translated
Bollywood lyrics and what I want to do
is I want to get real close and I want
you to read them to each other very
romantically and slowly as if you were
in a Bollywood see so first you can both
turn away so you look at it you can read
them you couldn't turn away and I want
you to turn to each other you can get
done them and I want you to do a
Bollywood scene from right now and see
action I don't know what this experience
is everyone who falls in the world of
the heart what thirst this is it doesn't
get wins they also become what see
friend upon me Oh sweetheart what they
forget the road but these are real this
is from Jersey from a movie called good
couch over which translates to things
are happening generally things are
happening so happening I don't know how
this experience
is what this thirst is it doesn't get
quenched what intoxication of this love
has spread upon me Oh sweetheart
so this is how panties drop in Bollywood
movies isn't really that different than
like Justin Bieber lyrics though we're
gonna find out so I don't hear our remix
do I know your yeah
we can't even sing cus Patito because of
the remix it's taken over it's about
company oh really well here are the non
English lyrics to despedido up in a
language you probably don't know how to
speak so this is for you and this is for
you and you guys can create a scene
where you say to each other and you can
do yours whole thing first and you're
okay
yeah Yami esta usted no mas del or
normal todos mis Santino's van PD endo
must stop I care tomorrow I know I know
I know okay go for go give it your best
friend shot yeah I know I'm like okay
how about Tutera's LM on e you'll soil
me voy a sir send oh boy Armando l plan
I'm offending somebody right now I'm so
sorry you're not there not being a
vegetable
Carlos acerola El Paso yeah
all Spanish fans out there you just got
your panties in a knot we have one more
oh don't you just say to be just like
great actually
oh yeah yeah here's the thing about did
you guys miss and rap music a lot lyrics
sound good in the songs but when you
have to say them out loud to all they're
pretty stupid so I have this is for you
and this is for you and if you could say
these as romantically as possible to
each other that would be dope you can go
first
over yo now I have a lot of romantically
now I had a lot of women in my lifetime
what but see it's not a lot of women
that got the right mind
oh I don't had pretty chicks with all
the right features she wants to rap so
bad blood red chicks that only rock a
Disney Cars Lauren hit him back you knew
you wanted so much about that so bad
okay now it's all eyes on us oh yes
always oh this is them girls want a trip
tell them they tour guides
oh this kitty cat I'm reclusive he duck
ducking I love it you guys did an
amazing job you go both deserve a bite
of a doughnut please yes wait you are
working through that dough man you guys
are being great sports you guys having
fun of course you have to say that I
have another game for all of you that's
what I need you to be back to back so
you can't look at each other no I feel
sorry for you in case you anxiety
this is gonna go I got pieces of paper
here okay
oh this most likely to yesterday yeah
there's for you so basic actor piece of
paper one says Lauren one says Alex I'm
gonna have some questions and without
showing each other you're gonna show the
camera who you think is most likely to
do what I'm gonna ask you yeah I'll tell
you guys who said what okay hey guys
ready hope you got a face to the camera
- yeah so who's more likely to start an
argument
both of you said Lauren Lauren you piece
of trash because you will just ignore
anything until it goes away
who's gonna talk about something meet me
that me maybe that Alex at night I mean
don't get bothered by things over Becky
buries it and then explodes later okay
okay dr. field is not here to help one
who is more likely to make a spontaneous
sweet gesture Wow Alex Lauren you really
not looking great in this relationship
but what do you that Alex I just don't
like I don't like like he would do
something really cheesy or like public
and let that makes me uncomfortable say
that's also good yeah I don't like that
she said I'm not allowed to engage her
to propose with a flashmob
what that's my dream dozen it's not the
worst thing you've ever run your entire
life double it already yeah literally I
got I would say no I would melt until
puddle and then I'm the puddle would
spell no I wholeheartedly support this
one is a freebie I just want you guys to
get some arm exercise who's more likely
to fart in bed all right Alex I just
want you to take pages because you're
known for you who's more likely to
apologize first who's more likely to
apologize first no you got a good one
Wow he says Alex you say Lauren just
because I'm usually the wrong one is a
well trained dancer and is a very well
trained dancer got it work on your part
you know who has a higher score in donut
dazzle Alex okay right this is awesome
who's more likely to forget a special
day okay trash who's more likely to post
a video today and get more views okay
that's my bread winner the bread winner
forget it girl okay drew get all day get
out her channel okay who said I love you
first
No
okay who's more likely to sub tweet
about some things you say okay well I
accept tweet about like everything and
anything but he said tweets about one
specific topic okay what are you some
tweet about him no because people
anything relationship like close to
people coming at you it's about this
this business they like dive too deep
guys who's funnier out of the both of
you good you both are doing wonderful
job no lovely the ally you would know
him so well I'm not worried I know very
good just scared it's not the more
questions from the audience
y'all are like you just hit that thumbs
up if you want to ask some questions
really vive is how you can do it make
sure you go check out their channel so
in case you don't know what they do give
a quick summary of what you do on your
YouTube channels DIYs yeah wise you saw
that brain to bun situation come on down
sorry validating blogs positivity folks
yeah we'll make sure that the links are
all open there so you guys can check all
their stuff make sure you give them some
love there's no my favorite people some
one most wonderful positive creators on
the platform's as you go support them
they're awesome and wonderful and lovely
even though he farts a lot
Sasha asks us oh my god what's with all
this question way to me she said who do
you see Lily dating in the future but
I'm gonna change the question to
describe the type of person you think
would be right for me today oh oh all
right I think it needs to be someone who
is also successful in whatever they do
you try Sam successful girl yeah dog sit
up you've got butcher for props Oh
no cable out someone who's like
successful in what they're doing so
they're not like they don't have like a
beard complex about like how says what
you are and someone who's like oh yeah
Oh your boys out there take notes just
check these boxes someone who's like not
too clingy
can you underline that one for me please
underline yeah don't do clingy and like
gets it you don't you like gets it like
you have to like go like leave and do
things that's very sweet of you thank
you I'm flattered that you think I need
someone that great what about you Alex
I think someone that's maybe not as busy
but also busy so they're not just like
hey you don't have time to really
understand because they have something
yeah yeah and they're like traveling or
or someone that is like where you're the
CEO of your company and they're also CEO
so they can make time if they decide to
if they can if they need to any good
yeah Kyle in the backgrounds like
information holds the line up the tinder
in real life like a book you know bag
just thank you so much is very sweet
whenever you orchestrate this person I
could build this person from Plato
please let me know cool Tyra asks what
was your first impression of one another
Lauren you go first no joke collagen I
have a funny story to life please do oh
oh oh damn yeah we're all getting in the
hot tub it's not like okay your first
time you know is usually in a hot tub
you choose time together oh really
three career someone's ago and everybody
was getting in the hot tub and then
she's like no you get the riddles but oh
wow doesn't she that's what you guys
first met yeah
Wow okay
and they say before both of them
possibly don't work so supremacy don't
baby I had to say that okay
what's the story so when Alex and I met
we were I was in a relationship at the
time oh no we can't it was Ron like he
did my baby boobs or anything okay okay
but until once I found out that she was
I did you okay oh yeah yeah homewrecker
who support crews report city on the
Florida party a creator some ahead comes
up to me sits down next to you puts his
hand over to off my head and just like
I'm gonna marry you
really and you are dating so we're not
that's a person we talked I didn't know
she had a boyfriend
that's a first week Center yeah but like
at the time not knowing that person I'm
like gummy get me an absolute trash yeah
I like that I like that cooler go for
what I want imma kill you so don't even
try trash okay
all right we're gonna play one last game
in the selection a game I played with
Fallon we're going to show it I like it
so much so I want to place called jinx
okay so do you do put your hands
together both of you and you're not
allowed to let go you have have to stay
together so link your hands with your
thumbs or something okay don't be gross
about it just your thumb no no yes damn
couple this like that oh yeah exactly
I'm gonna say a topic okay on the count
of three was a one two three you have to
say the first word that is in that oh
man his head is your goal is to say the
same word we're never gonna get there so
example I was to say youtuber three two
one you guys have ties to the same
youtuber okay okay three two one and
then you're trying to say it goes to try
to get the jig's okay yeah your your
spirits are connecting right not connect
what was a spirit in the dough ready
first category superheroes three two one
flash Wow
superwoman would have been a more
appropriate answer by okay whatever
whatever it is I'm even fastened
outstanding rating he's like Batman on
my new home next category ready pizza
topping three two one but I will know
that I know he's gonna say okay that's
two for two person two for two next one
are you ready yeah color three two one
turnovers boy that was pretty that was
I'm not gonna give that a half point
there what's a next one are you yeah
mm-hmm beverage three two one water I
like that coke nope I'm surprised with
Ebola is metric thing the most angry
I've ever seen Lauren is when somebody
livers our boba and they don't bring the
right straw is when you order boba and
you're don't you don't go pick it up you
have to put your trust in them to bring
you the right straw and they dough so I
am is on my own boats dross I have my
house for when that happens happens
you'd be surprised
Alex another Asian I know and discount
broken up ready categories cute girl
that's not Lauren three two one all the
right things to me right now all right
you guys got two and a half points okay
we started off strong two and a half
points
what kind of the right now ten twelve
minutes left okay so I'm gonna ask y'all
some
we go you can't let go if you would like
to let go you can let go can you let go
Oh fantastic if we have any more
questions in the audience Kyle let us
know I have one more thing I want to do
for you but I wasn't waiting for the
last couple minutes because it's really
exciting for me personally okay um what
else the questions gonna ask you okay I
know I know I don't know half because
it's a question that I got on Twitter I
don't know a so but how do you guys
decide because your relationship is
public how you decide what to make
public and what not to a public Oh guys
having a rule or do you guys have a
fight about this or with tennis because
it's been a learning curve I feel like I
really beginning we had to like like
literally be like yes this no this yes
this no this and now it just kind of
comes more naturally I feel yeah at
first I was logging before we start
dating so I was like I put everything
everything goes he would just start
vlogging we started dating yeah but I
put everything in it like every time I
walk everything goes in no matter what
and then she would tell me I couldn't
put stuff in and then I but then
eventually I learned and understood but
it was just like you kill me when people
tell me I can't vlog on like that even
when I like go to like somewhere there's
no live I know it's just me I can't blow
you don't even know you don't even know
okay yeah yeah you have to understand
the concept of like having things that
are private and through yourselves and
stuff that's not shared because I mean
like realistically your relationship
gets cut down to like what ten minutes
of a blog okay so it's like why I put
all the most intimate moments into those
10 minutes that's actually something I
mean we're talking was before and I was
bringing up but something we're talking
with you sister but I was tell you I've
had some Possible's an audience for an
entire relationship read the context
yeah when they see this much of it and
when you give someone this much of
something they'll just judge based on
those yeah I would not assume they know
everything because of that yes yeah all
right next question what's the best gift
Lord has ever gotten you and I would ask
him the same question as well oh man I
know what the best thing she's ever
gotten you is according to me but my
answer will be separated happiness a
little bit absolute trash
no no what's a good gift he can't even I
can't remember hold on let me list them
off for you yes please my basketball
drinks that have wasabi on the back oh
yeah yeah that was good oh you mean a
lot I got you my birthday yeah I
remember anything flooring got to you
first
last year burns birthday for his choices
birthday I got him 27 presents now I get
it
we're talking that your audience doesn't
skip their ads and they get that you too
but no it won't be an example we have
nobody thinks it was like polka but
pokeball bath bombs oh yeah she's gonna
be getting involved actual Dragon Balls
you can make wishes on them you probably
don't understand what I'm talking about
they understand they got me face just an
absolute lack of fool she's thinking
okay what's you think would be my
favorite I think it favorite would be
the drink balls eyeballs daven worked
yet but I got my favorite gift that Lord
is ever gone you was when you were away
she completely redecorated your oh yeah
Alex why don't we Lauren literally
because Alex's room was like absolute
trash and so Lauren and I completely
renovated it while he was gone before a
huge before I left I had a dresser or a
shelf I was like hey don't finish that
shelf I'm gonna I do it we do it
together when I get back and I came back
my whole rooms done Oh at all now I
wanna show was that more for you or him
though I need to know that was more for
me okay do you know how sick I was I'm
using a filming light as my neck side
lamp times are rough but they were rough
Lily looks like a book favorite get out
of them got you
Disneyland Paris was good
these my first was like that's like a
yeah I like like like like like
thoughtful dumb things
oh you gonna like this year's present no
no wait oh wait wait wait no wait for
last year for my birthday I got to hang
it with a Shiba puppy all day oh yeah I
made it we were sheep of parents for a
day I borrowed one and so she was she
was she the puppy miyashita before she
got an actual puppy yeah all right
fantastic everyone I feel great I'm
totally not going to go tweet depressing
things that's right I don't need okay
here's the last thing we do is and I
will before we wrap this up I just want
to say I was like so excited when
they're free to come because they're
actually to my favorite people there's
such good people and such good friends
and so accepting of everyone I'm just so
positive and lovely and I love you both
and you're awesome and I was apologizing
because my guys I'm so busy that I don't
get to be a good friend I got to be
there but hopefully still don't hate me
and hopefully we're still friends and if
I could just lie about I have something
for y'all
open the cage with what
oh it's worms it's worms no no wait
don't open don't open things close
though
what's your ship name again loris okay
so I think that sounds like a cleaning
products open your eyes you've gotten
you some and what I would like this is
streak-free shine america's
number-one-selling glass cleaner Laura
that's what I kind of like it sounds
like in my opinion yeah and so I need a
timer can someone fly in a phone for me
essentially you have 45 can you give me
two totally I can you all the time but
we got a phone to work we got I wouldn't
give you 45 seconds okay to pretend
you're both on an infomercial selling
the feeding problem me to own why do
people eat Lorex in their life is what
you want to say in 45 SEC's we get theta
just a shot of them please Lorax
available for a limited amount of time
and here's why you need it part of my
thinking Lawrence this is the best
dinner in all of the universe not just
earth and look at that look at that face
if one of us were looking forward it's
better her because she's cuter than me
and also you can it doubles as a mouth
cleaner my insurance does not cover
whatever's about to happen it's not it's
real way that good that is an actual oh
yeah that was 29 seconds but we might
need a paramedic so we just gonna cut
that short like there's a water and
doughnut wait let me see there's
probably instructions I might have a
thing you swallow this having said that
you would like to burn a relationship
just like this one go ahead and do that
I've had an awesome time being a third
wheel
like four ounces are way worse than my
tongue feels weird
yep yep we're so cute and romantic
Laura Laura Rexy larec see see if you
think make it happen Oh cute a sheriff a
soil thank you so much for joining I do
this every single month let me know in
the comments below who you want the next
guests to be and what you want the theme
to be this was the third wheel edition
thanks for joining make sure you check
out Lauren's okay cuz he's the third
wheel I'd also like yep going to pass
out momentarily um let us know in the
comments more Austria Lauren ChaCha's
town where she showed him some love and
we'll keep tweeting at this live stream
is done so thank you so much until next
month one love superwoman that is a wrap
