Wow you probably have sex when you were
like 13 while watching Pokemon and that
8:10 you reaching it's not a contender
is it is our story
hahaha admit tandoori if some booty
already why people say 10 it's so
terrible I like white present or how you
been
semi-definite great deadly just like the
knot
I went a little idiot when your real
racism comes up I wait until idiots one
time's up they had you know dogs under 4
I knew it
are you chewing nachos Reina
ha ha you cow how did behind the counter
fucking chamois goes into a 7-eleven in
cage goes no rude because it like was
exactly the same
Jane it doesn't movie she was a cougar
right you will go to raise my wife and
we couldn't give me a spoon people in
the water when it is food Americanism or
for bridge your occupation the zero zero
zero zero in Photoshop oh why oh I got
you wait are you white oh I love to wear
gloves
Taylor quick
uncle mumtaz facing this stuff watching
I watched a documentary about your Peter
Kostis
