now don't get your panties all in a
bunch what about who wants a girl
superwoman and a lot of people ask me if
I've ever suffered any extreme cases of
racism and to be honest no I'm fortunate
enough to say that I haven't but since
moving to LA I have definitely had some
people say some ridiculous things to me
but here's the thing I find it effin
hilarious here are real things that
white people have said to me my dad's
name is Sukhwinder Chuck winder so that
wander
I'm glad Sam oh my god you're Indian I
love this one I'm millionaire so your
last name same are you related to
Ranveer Singh you know one of my
co-workers is Indian what a small world
so I went to like an Indian wedding once
and I wore the full costume and
everything your parents must be really
strict did they expect you to get
married at 23 I even belly dance to
bollywood music and I went a little dot
on my forehead so why aren't you a
doctor or a lawyer are you allowed to
have a boyfriend I went to a little
India one and I got the best tandoori
chicken
do you speak Indian at home are you a
very strict Hindi so your real name
Lilly stop lying I've never met a real
Indian Lilly do you know Priyanka Chopra
she's Indian too right
it's so terrible everything you see
movies about India you probably want
something spicy right you know who you
look like Mindy Kaling you look so
exotic are you from Brazil or something
you know I've always wanted to visit
Delhi
my friend went to India last year it
changed his life so where'd your parents
from they're from Punjab oh that's in
the Middle East right I will take the
veggie burger is that because your Islam
do you have to get an arranged marriage
did you experience like a lot of races
employment you're not allowed to have
sex before marriage right that's crazy
there's a bingo right I don't believe
that every person says the thing
ignorant is trying to offend me I mean
maybe they just don't know any better
and no one has cooled them so this is my
attempt to make you understand here's
what the reverse would sound like if I
spoke to white people on a spoke to me
yeah my dad's name is Peter
but I put on I'll just call them drug
joke
wait are you white oh my god I am mom
Taylor Swift
wait wait Smith are you willing to Derek
Smith he's also from America oh my god
the girl who served you a latte at
Starbucks this morning was also white so
I totally get you I went to a white
wedding once beautiful but I was so sure
and your families are so tiny
do you probably tell your mom to shut up
all the time I even did the chicken
dance and wore a tie around my forehead
so cultured wait we are not a country
singer are you allowed to be a virgin oh
I went to Burger King once and I love
that wait so do you think fluent
American at all or bridge or Scottish
Irish are you a strict English so is
your real name Sarah yeah oh my god I
know like nine white Sarah's wait you
know Ellen she's also white love her
it's so terrible everything you see in
history books about white people who you
probably want something with no flavor
right you look exactly like Jimmy Fallon
yeah like the features everything wow
you look so common you know I've always
wanted to visit Utah so cool if I went
to Ohio laughter and he said his life
was exactly the same and you're from
Chicago right mm-hmm
Beth in Europe right um I think was
taking potatoes is that because your
Christianity
so what you're kind of like force to you
to fall in love where are you allowed to
get arranged so do you have a super hard
time recognizing your privilege or are
you aware of it now no I don't have any
privilege okay so you're not is it hard
to have so many options when you
shopping for foundation crap they don't
have any eggnog on the menu do you drink
anything else you want to look at your
hair can I touch it
do you mind kit wow that is so stuff is
that natural yeah beautiful look at a
pair look at it yeah touch it so what's
the religious symbolism of the Hat wait
so let me get this straight
you
to actually turn red in the Sun as you
change colors that's crazy
I watched a documentary about your
people called supersize me so sad so did
they not expect you to be pregnant by 16
and there you have it meant to be
offensive ready
are you actually relate to someone named
Ranbir okay let's play didn't your
parents actually want you to get married
at a really young age
it shouldn't y'all be doing like the
YMCA or something at that party you get
a mic really good it's all about one
love thanks for watching we're all
friends this little convention offend
anyone's a light-hearted video if you
enjoyed it give it a big thumbs up you
check my last video right over there
bloopers for this video alright over
there make sure you subscribe because I
make new videos every Monday and
Thursday
one love superwoman that is a wrap and
Y&Z
