hello
today I'm turning into a white Walker he
evil walking dead ask Game of Thrones a
personal living dead I am being one
specifically Walker which is the night
king it is a four-hour process we've got
prosthetics ordered I've never put wait
there's prospects on my face and I've
heard it's kind of a challenge this is
completely for me it's not even for an
audience
all right so what are we going to do the
first image is going to fix the hair
into a low ponytail and we're going to
taper it to the back then we're going to
put the bald cap on that would be bold
new people so liberating I said I'm
going my car with the windows down and
nothing will get stuck anywhere like
honestly for the first time ever my hair
is not going to get stuck under my butt
when I sit
I like your movie
nothing - I kind of never want to take
this off
what happened to Ray looks sorry heard
another blanked I'm trying
Tommy try it it's a hard crime don't
wear my boxers dry nothing to see here
the white Walker take them things to our
boobs
ah laughs where do you I never thought I
would let you what what what no one give
ID like you already know any traffic
make them look like that indeed I try a
little ball that he would enjoy my DNA
edge thankfully better
in my ear literally in my ear does
Harris okay no I know okay oh babe okay
calm down
yeah yeah yeah oh yeah oh yeah oh god
yes I'll put all the way normal face
cause like remember we discussed
uncovering I reckon we know I mean I
taste I
ah
this was so expensive
