it's been summer free here there is time
to change seasons turn Kingdom video
that bone my gosh are freezing its reven
tremendously come up you don't believe
them you cut the heads off if any
separation White Walkers moving here
from the start from their pisode one we
were the best party vectors happened
then character arcs were winning over
Arjun Singh willfully froze the
unemployed from being cocky to be on
great joy from king of the north on the
mission to read weddings good luck in
the next position
it took some two months to compare life
nice and your loved ones to wife if your
baby blue eyes like I had an affair so
what the tremendous army you got that my
brother's know nothing not even your
field monster catcher from the Katyn
dragged in a play on the floor turn it
turn into a bellboy made of hold the
door hey the custom of this I said
Imperium come up you dragons and I
really scared of them here's the thing I
will come on the wall interior Kings
while you drink wine and you bank your
siblings I even maintain level such so
strong poison you partners I am Robert
De Niro the r-rated outside where the
walking dead with a bigger budget feel a
feeling not just a scary story in the
horse have text appears on it for me
pure evil no mercy when that happens
you're gonna wish that you just listened
and wasn't make it to your homes all of
your bonus that on the Iron Throne
here Matthew a geneticist just like the
mic the temperature when I'm in India is
so hot as a white Walker still froze
everything if you liked this video give
a thumbs up check out my other game of
throne wraps right over there could be
for outlets transform to the white
Walker the beach am to the right over
there makes you scratch and make new
beers every Monday and Thursday
one love superwoman that is a wrap and
Zoop
