first of her name breaker of chains and
mirrors the one true Erin Leigh Jane
queen of Marina nice okay Rafi mother of
dragons
Tommy my brother wasn't happy with
myself about the drop it is so hot the
White Walkers will melt
I will kill any master that tries to
sack me won't take it sitting down I'm
not straight from the ground coming for
you turns me much closer on the beat you
better double-check your ticket cuz
you're sitting there must be musically I
want things like I want an empire ain't
no question if I wrap my whole family
come in ever hit you word he look like
Peter Pan no wonder you out the window
to find a mammal and look duh that means
the Sun to the movie children of
Manhattan I miss you and you naked they
yell shame on the street when I'm naked
they bow down and get on one knee have
an army of unsullied actually felt like
and these are brothers and cousins call
that orgy huh burn clean like a dealer
when I'm playing poker it's pretty much
as to what they saw your car's smoker
thanks the man that I will rule all of
your land I'll even take your love a
chip off the head we're in the story I
am a hole fly you're a milk with my
brown
I am beyond pay you are not so just
about even called Drogo fell in love
once you got the love so many languages
Tommy will let us own ain't no mountain
high enough that will keep me from my
throne yells and thoughts many oohs and
ahhs Daenerys Targaryen I am the effing
bonfire if you liked this video give it
a thumbs up if you check out Jon Snow
crap right over there
second vlog channel India vlogs right
over there Game of Thrones fan common
boo I want you to tell me what are your
predictions who's gonna sit on the Iron
Throne make sure you subscribe because
twelve Circe's releasing her this track
one love superwoman that is a wrap end
