some videos are so important for
humanity that you just have to make a
part to where ever once a girl a woman
and just video is my way of encouraging
guys around the world to do cute things
for their girlfriends
and when I say that what I mean is can a
man please do these things for me
what who said that okay don't act like
I'm a different person just because I
step closer to the camera loo okay let's
be real you thirsty in a close-up and in
a white tree here are fasting guys do
that girls allow the soul fellows that
take note or ladies if you're dating
other ladies you can also take notes
although I guess you don't have to take
notes because the same stuff may also
apply to you because you yourself are a
woman unlike oh my god even gay actually
makes a lot of sense number fellas there
is a fine balance between dating a boy
who needs to be taken care of and dating
a boy P we want to take care of in
general I'd say most roles don't want to
get a guy you can't do anything for
himself but if that man hasn't fished
together and is usually independent and
just killing the game but in this
specific scenario needs my help
yeah something about that turns me on
perfect example injuries it might just
be that you make motherly instincts I
have but when a man gets hurt I like it
hello therapists yes looking for my
friend she's in the wide shot I don't
know what it is I like taking care of
people yeah would you like to rephrase
that sentence just I'm using a
psychology degree sure moon didn't Lily
I like to feel needed
hey what happened I just hurt my hand
you hear that he survived a serious
injury I'll just go through a script I
have no clue what happened he almost
died at work wasn't even reading fast I
was practically just staring the pages
yeah he probably fought off a robber and
saved the company with my hand slipped
or something he's being so strong about
this my brave hero
I'll be fine now wait what I said please
help me base I'm desperately in need of
your care
I don't know what I'd do without you
we're in this together babe you're
saving my life
I'm here for you baby what the hell are
you doing huh are you doing it's just a
paper clip down no straw number two
terms of endearment are tricky because
in some instances they might actually
annoy a girl aka babe make sure you
don't put tomatoes on my burger again
okay princess excuse me or like a semi
messed up okay beautiful what should I
do not use terms of endearment
just to make a situation better okay
because the words booth and emojis don't
make situations better if you actions do
come on man and don't say them in every
sentence either because then they lose
meaning and value way to use them
casually and also know that calling the
sweetening will impact us differently
depending on the situation here's the
breakdown baby and I go stop and i
beautiful so I was like I gotta cook
these muffins somehow what should we put
it into an oven what are we in that
right now or are we the muffin okay
sweetheart yeah sounds like a little
monkey little muffin enough little
muffin up so yeah do you guys agree are
you
hot you look like you're sweaty allow me
to be the most basic right now and admit
that you calling me beautiful before we
sleep in every night you call me
beautiful in front of your friend
that just makes me think like okay my
baby is willing to be called whip to
call me beautiful okay but am i so
that's exactly what your friend didn't
say number three you know what makes me
want to be single forever scenarios like
this alright um are you dumb are you
dumb i I mean you don't like it you're
telling me that we fart in front of each
other but you still don't know me well
enough to know I'm not gonna like this
picture of myself
we're in the effort oh where is the love
we're acting like I'm a stranger on the
street ask me or take a picture for me
and my family because we're on vacations
we know how we're I ain't no tourists
okay you know I spent two hours getting
ready so you better get them angled like
you see and appreciate these curled
lashes and got it oh wait you know what
you won't like this let's try it again
okay
chin down and a little to your left okay
you know what let me get higher and try
and smile a little bit more there you go
oh my god perfect how did you the outfit
decided in portrait mode I love when you
talk with that portrait moment again oh
yeah p.m. hmm one Bay secure enough to
help you get a fire picture for
Instagram
number four spontaneous hugs from behind
yes boy I honestly can you explain and
don't even completely comprehend why
girls like just so much and I know what
you're thinking it's not that big nasty
okay it's just unexpected and I missed
you feel warm and safe and most
importantly it 100% of the time evokes
this reaction from our friends oh that's
so sweet and we live for that reaction
no biggie
no you know girl ya know he always be
doing two things like that me ya know
she's a regular Thursday you know number
five I'm gonna be honest I'm pretty shy
when it comes to sexual stuff like if
you say in such joke in front of your
course all laugh is like Papa but inside
I'm like this he talked to your birthday
PPS so it comes to relationship I'm
pretty reserved and I don't like PDA and
only one thing can change that alcohol
okay so two things can change that
number one alcohol number two
music because when I hear a sexy song
it's not just a sexy song to me no this
is my chance to live out my dream music
video commercial today I love it I mean
you're in the mood for some no no I'm
sweating in the charcoal shitty I I'll
do the - whoa take another fraction of
my
oh yes I'm a bad liar and Oh baby baby
baby new this my body some take a shower
no I'm taking fabrics queen is gonna
come back oh I swear to God music
transforms near the person it's just
from shine Lily to optimist grind young
story Tom could it be this end card I
bit his lip too hard he's greedy it's
all off he's reading book so we did a
video for his channel did you check it
out the link is in the description show
him some love
my last video over there bloopers for
this video and there's a lot over there
make sure you subscribe because I make
new videos every Monday and Thursday one
love superwoman that is a wrap and so
