hey my sexy
this album is dedicated to all the
countries that used to gossip about me
behind my back and then bring ladoos to
my house the next day with an
immigration officer that give me a hard
time when I was trying to give better
life for my family friends and one of my
peoples in the struggle broke I mean
it's all good baby bear it was all a
dream used to see you I see on screen
now well you when I lay in a vacay is my
daily routine no more storing food in
yogurt containers among the ziplock you
like brand names and my refrigerator
back in the day there were no keys in
the train to some sad but then now we
counter blessing the president want to
build the vodka some Brown I'm like
Chris Jericho I break the wall now okay
slow down with the boys to the yard we
should make it rain green card you say
my daughter would never go far now the
sun's light and per diem for the rich
star this way I can be in the plane
never on God but now but apart in front
of the car
and if my friend dengue the kamasutra
but no more backwards better
good
my husband Jeff Jeff I emigrated 1954
with no money Sam and you came with
inheritance from your rich stairs I
built myself from the ground up it was
tough for me you got a lot of Douglass's
your trace check is like heavy my kid
gets straight A's and they got so good
degree your kids sleep around with boys
at the library my kid is the kid you
we function and improve a.m. till the
p.m. your side from last season says
sorry from when Jon Snow died and people
leave them says sorry from when the
Walking Dead was still alive this study
from when Jane was still a virgin but no
guys left stroke just went viral like
stroke help me discipline my child and
my kid never stays shut up to me and who
they take this up to me so I miss it
bound be humble ha ha
be humble upside down be humble artists
and voila be humble for us all upside
down ha ha
be humble for us all upside down be
humble
stand down well be hung are you so fired
on the undies using Photoshop show me
something natural like hitchens
represents off zombie something real
like overflowing die part when you get
your mehndi done I want to see the hard
spots take your husband loves it when I
speak in Hindi to them he say I'm always
on his mind is like up in the air
he said he vegetarian value in the
kitchen here but then you come and eat
my butter cooking all day
yo hope you enjoyed that video if you
did my dad also has one where he's
rapping a link for his in description
last video over there vlog channel with
her make sure you subscribe because I
make new videos every Monday and
Thursday you can also follow my mom on
Instagram and the Twitter's one love
superwoman that is a wrap and Zoop
