whatever words a girl's superwoman
hopefully this is working and the
YouTube gods are looking down upon us
welcome to ask super when live relax
form I used to do on the 14th every
single month but now I do it whatever
goddamn day I want because it is too
annoyed and too difficult to 114 and
today is really really really special
and awesome because I have a special
guest here and we have a special theme
the theme for today is cut the BS before
we get into that I want to tell you how
you can get into this conversation
because it's going to be lit it's going
to be spicy so gonna be honest it's
gonna be intense
use the hashtag ask Superman live and
tweet me at iisuperwomanii to join this
conversation send me some questions let
me know your thoughts and feelings I'll
be retweeting and checking during the
show for one hour we're here but one
hour might not be enough we might extend
it we'll see we'll see how we feel so
let's jump right into it I want to waste
no time
I've always no time I have a friend who
shall remain unnamed who's on a very
special journey I know miss friend for
like a really long time and this friend
is doing this thing where he's like I'm
gonna say yes to everything I'm really
honest I'm gonna do this thing where I
accept love and I hash out all the beefs
I'm God and I'm just like I can think of
at least three times this person has
annoyed me and so this is perfect
because now I can have an honest
conversation with them because they have
to say yes to everything so for this
episode of cut the BS I'm actually
really happy because Rosen that friend
and even you know if you wouldn't talk
his body's nice and so I'm down for that
as well my friend give it up
cue music use of naked pussy to get out
here shimmery
tell me please gotta music under my
pillow oh this I want to give you the
manliest music I could thank you cuz he
loves Aladdin I do you believe in
jasmine I do you believe in the concept
of Disney love I do yeah this is why
we're polar opposites this is - oh no
this at a time is ever done sick just to
preface what's going on here and how
Yousef is here tell them tell them how
you got here tell them what you know
please
I'm nervous show me I'm nervous is what
I know I look like a mean person
no okay happy so when you get a text
from Lilly in out the blue and it says
hey I know you're on your spiritual
journey I'm interested to see if you
want to come and be a part of my life
I'm like all right I'm down for that
and then but just let you know it's
gonna be super on honest and I'm gonna
ask basically anything and all right
cool but now as I'm here like what is
going on I would just like to say before
I get mad hate comments I did text you
saying is there anything you don't want
me to ask you and you said no so
everything I'm asking right now is
technically approved by you 100% so we
put that out there here's why I wanted
you here let me explain to you okay
you're on this path on this journey or
you like you want to be honest want to
be open no more BS you're gonna be you
know straightforward you also to this
video that I think is super dope with
Jesse now for those who don't know yeah
I don't know if you want to break it
down Jesse excuse me friends basically
and then they had a little bump in the
road and using one - Jesse's house and
they basically made a video talking
about all the reasons their friendship
kind of went through this real fast
right and I'm super honest or so the
audience things
it was super I was okay dope dope dope
so I'm nauseous and I was like I would
love to have a conversation like this
with Yousef because I'm gonna be honest
I've known Yusef for how long um first
time we met was Santa Monica yes when we
did that prank called uh are you shaking
the energy G oh yeah I forgot I forgot
what it was called
whoever pretended to break up yeah
broken up in public
yeah yeah right and I
I have known you for so long and I feel
like you've gone through lots of phases
in life all the to know all the time and
so I feel like I've known use of a uses
be used to see and I'm here my goal is
to learn the real user who Youssef is
I'm not trying to make you uncomfortable
I'm not trying to disrespect you I want
to know what your growth with a really
honestly I love that yeah I really do
another here I love it
there's no judges I just want to poke
holes in your doing no you for you why
because I guys down or you don't
yeah when you when we were texting about
my journey before you asked me to do
this and I had said like I wanna you
know come over and spend the night here
you had said that wasn't the first time
I got that text also even before the
journey started I you see a text like
that oh this is my only chance I have a
reason for you to say he started the
journey to semtex invade but we had
discussed how we want to have an honest
heart to heart off the camera so if
we're having it here
let's do I don't probably have another
one off camera as well when I spend the
night alright so first question yes for
you can you just for people that might
not know we're going right right we're
gonna get right into it okay I'm out
here I might even cancel the rest of my
day
okay that's how much this means a lot of
girls have done that for me before so
I'm gonna want to leave the SAS for
later on I'm going to live yeah I'm
being honest I feel whatever I don't
know
that's a I'm sure you're around lots of
people who validate you very coolly so
don't worry okay I'm not one of those
people so what's gonna happen I want you
to tell me about your journey feel that
don't know o Guardians watching you're
on this very special dream can you give
us a brief kind of summary of what okay
um I've lived in LA since 2013 and
through my la journey I've had a lot of
ups I've had a lot of downs okay
I lived a vicious cycle of doing really
well and then doing really bad and
really well and really bad and the more
apartments I moved to the more stuff I
add it to my collection of things I was
hoarding in my blithe to fill the holes
that I was having the more I realized
the vicious cycle was an ending and I
was supposed to move into a house with
Alex and Aaron the house fell through
and then I had a decision right then and
there
do I stay in LA and continue this
endless cycle that I know is not going
to change I know I'd be 31 years old in
a couple of years and I'd still be going
through the same
sit down with my depression my bipolar I
wasn't gonna get better so I was like
you know what I can sit here on my couch
and cry about it like I have been and
relapse so many times again or I can
leave my apartment I can have no place
to stay I can have nothing but a back
patch there's nothing holding me down
and I can be free to the world and what
it has to offer so in the simplest terms
that's what it is so if I'm correct so
what it is is that you have only a
backpack yes you where do you sleep at
night um we've slept at three oh I have
a team now okay who's your team me
Daniela and Kimo okay it was me and
Danielle at first but after we went to
the Middle East we picked up chemo okay
and I was traveling with us and like our
last home that we slept that was Roman
at without okay um so you're on a
consistent home no stay a different
place the role was supposed to be every
night has to be a new place okay every
night okay
but it's been changed and you frozen all
your assets all your money I do have I
do have access to a card okay and the
reason for what what kind of card we
talked about what kind of card oh no
just like it's a black platinum card no
no no the reason being the reason being
like right now my dog dollar who's not
here with us is in the hospital and I
had to pay $2,500 yesterday to take him
into the emergency I needed to do that
okay also another reason um every year
during Ramadan my mom donates to charity
and she just put a huge charge towards
charity in the Middle East off my car so
you're set assets aren't frozen you have
a card yes okay you have a card
otherwise how are you making money how
am I making way because you've frozen
all the Adsense income right
no nothing guy so are you making money
somehow through the journey because in
your first video you're like I'm gonna
see if people will like pay me to do
things or hell yeah yeah and so first
things that the first thing that I did
was a hundred thousand dollars going to
a charity okay now we think cuz we just
started the charity called Project
butterfly it's literally foundation
being built right now in London we think
that that's where the hundred thousand
dollars should go okay
so we're holding that for that um now as
far as the money that's coming into the
fouseytube channel yes money's still
being made but I discussed this in
interview that I'm going to be posting
tomorrow the whole ad pocalypse I got
hit like 90% on my fouseytube channel
okay and I talked about this tomorrow
and this is totally outside the point
but I'm dishonest with it I asked a
friend of mine 1 million views in 24
hours how much is that making you yeah
he showed me his adsense and can I be
honest
or does it be honest he said don't say
the name no of course not and I saw each
million views in 24 hours was 8,000 to
12,000 dollars now how much is the
fouseytube channel making per million
views in 24 hours four hundred and fifty
seven dollars and that's a lot of money
don't get me wrong it's a blessing but I
know that there's a human alike with ads
right now there's a huge shut off a huge
shut off so my motivation through this
my you know what's keeping me going and
everything the last thing it has to do
with the money but as I'm doing this
journey I'm not gonna shut off the money
that's coming into the channel wherever
that may be used for okay well we're not
gonna dive into your analytics page yet
I'll maybe do that when the cameras are
off and to see if this is actually exact
or not I'll let you guys know but since
your money and your Adsense is
struggling and you are struggling fam I
have some money right alright and so I'm
gonna ask you some honest question okay
and we're gonna do is we have a Yousef
piggy bank right here right and every
question you answer honest then we give
you $10 good okay
that was a good like me being honest
right there right I was I can't judge if
you're being honest or not Oh we'll get
to that right you might be being honest
you might not be being honest we'll see
I'm not gonna help you don't look at
them um okay but no I'm gonna ask the
questions good okay don't get nervous
okay you're fine you're good stop
trembling okay question umber one if you
haven't seen useless episodes they're
dope I haven't seen all them I won't lie
I've only seen a few of them they're
like 20 months on yeah right I can't do
that so I really like the way that
either they're very cinematic they're
very cool thank you and you edit them so
long story short you edit them let me
get this yeah long long story short yeah
when we first started we outsource
somebody who's editing it for free
every night we would I would have the
whole vision of my head and as a
director I would tell him exactly how I
wanted the flow now this was very hard
because the time difference is did the
person was in the Middle East and by the
time I got the story back if it didn't
look how I wanted it to look and it
didn't tell my story there was nothing I
can do about it the video was live okay
so at this point in time now and it's
been like this for a couple of episodes
we are 100% editing it I sit down first
I do the whole rough cut I take out what
I want I tell the story then I sit with
Daniela again we pull all nighter and
then she does like the effects and stuff
like the GFX I'm not great at that we
are editing the videos 100% cool so you
are all blaming that someone helps you
add and help someone else to shoot yeah
yeah daniel is coming on the long
journey to record that's openly
acknowledged yeah
that's $10 Hey all right you're use that
divided me to folio all right so let's
that that was it just a late question
good night okay okay okay that was Matt
we're gonna get deep now okay so you
recently tweeted something I like to
reshoot I always get in trouble on
Twitter yeah you deleted all your tweets
oh it's hard to talk you we'll get to
that in a second so you tweeted
something yeah you know if you don't
know Youssef has gone off YouTube on
YouTube off YouTube on YouTube right
I've been there for a lot of
conversations with him when he wasn't on
YouTube as to why he quit what he was
into but we'll get to that what I want
to talk about is you tweeted something
saying this was a note to myself on my
phone when I decided to come back on
YouTube okay and it said I'm gonna read
it it said you got it and this is a note
from Yusef to himself yep you got to win
their hearts back you got a slow build
take care of those who are there only
accept love only except happiness
breathe relax
do not fear do not panic do not let go
everything is okay smile correct mmm
okay great so it sounds like your
journey is about you right like when you
said you're the project issue like I had
so many superficial things I dated girls
for the wrong reason I had a car at a
motorcycle all these things it was about
your journey of happiness right I want
to ask you about the first part which is
you got to win their hearts back why is
it important to first of all who's they
who's there and why is it important to
win people's hearts back if the journey
is about you so there is okay they say
yours yes I put this over here okay
there
is a group of people I don't know how
large they are there's a group of people
who have been by my side through every
single phase and you can imagine me and
its fans okay you can imagine how much
of a whiplash that maybe they've been
there when I've started mornings with
fousey and quit it gaming with fousey
and quitting YouTube break one YouTube
break to YouTube break three fousey
build channel pride land music video
streaming wins they've been with me
through it all yeah I promised them that
I'm going to chase my dream and never
give up so when I quit this last time
and I had again 100% in my mind thought
I quit yeah I felt like I let so many of
them down okay so when I came back I
wanted to remind myself and I the one
line that I said there's take care of be
appreciative of who was there yeah
because take care look vlog wouldn't
have hit a million views in 24 hours
my ego would have been upset by it Dan
people don't care about you something's
happening but this time when my channel
level data at three hundred thousand
four hundred thousand for a second I had
to remind myself that's a blessing so
instead of being mad at that and looking
why am i don't have a million let me
appreciate every single one of these
three hundred four hundred thousand
because that's what I didn't do last
time and I have a gratitude for what I
had so I just wanted to nurture what I
had and win their hearts back and show
them that I'm trying to fight and I'm
trying to continue the fight to remind
them not to give up on their own battles
that stuff so with this project right I
I think you're growing a lot as a person
huh you do have obviously to help you
sorry I didn't know sorry
is it gone yeah okay great I'm capable
okay okay so on this journey hmm what
let me ask you a question what about
what will validate you what makes you
feel validated what validates me yeah
well just in order to what validates you
know am I giving you the cliche answer
whether I want the honest answer I don't
the cliche if it sounds cliche and it's
honest I'm guys well honest if you say
it's not views he's saying it's not the
money
what validates you on this current
journey right so what used to validate
me was numbers yeah tweets yeah like
when I tweeted when I got a lot of
interaction that Phil the boy to mean
I've been doing that for years so a lot
of Ben
traction just as people you know fall
into the mess of social media Instagram
likes views support and positive
feedback okay when I got positive
feedback I felt good
I did something I won their approval and
I was happy well now well that is you
know not what validates me now what I'm
trying to work towards validating me is
none of that but what I feel in myself
each and every day regardless of my
approval rating what people think about
me my views how much money I'm making or
how hot I am in the YouTube community
right now
so even if you don't quote win their
hearts back you will still feel
validated that's what I'm working
towards yes that's what I'm working
towards and I tell my like team every
day we have hard tomorrow that's why I'm
working towards so is your goal you
mentioned all your goal is to appreciate
those three thousand four thousand
hundred people that are there right so
how do you know when you've accomplished
that goal this is the thing I always ask
people right I always ask people what's
your goal and a lot of times creators I
would be really gone creators give these
really cliche answers right I've been
guilty of doing this in past as well my
goal is to make people happy
I just want to impact you of course you
want to do that but that's not a goal
because how do you know you've
accomplished that goal how many people
is enough happy people how many people
is enough impacted people of course we
always have goals every measurable so
when will you feel like oh I have
accomplished what I want to accomplish
well I feel with this project I already
have you feel you've already
accomplished yeah every day because we
just did a meet-and-greet in Ohio right
tweeted out a random location the police
shut it down and the people who saw my
tweet got to move to a new location now
when I went there with the team it
wasn't the play and my intention wasn't
let me show everybody how hot I am and
how wanted I am let me cause a ruckus in
the city and hit see that happen all the
time it's not what I was doing I got to
the meet and greet they started going
crazy I said stop I said I do not want
to take a picture I not cuz what I wanna
do spend time with you guys like let's
just sit down and chill so you feel like
you've accomplished what you want
because when people were coming up the
people who talked to me that people have
pot project butterfly and butterfly like
games and support I feel like they're
there and that's what matters
okay but what if they all go with uh it
would be hard it would be very hard but
I promise myself
talk to us in their meeting I'm not
quitting I'm not okay so this is this is
okay this is the breakdown of Yousefi
knives relationship right I have heard
Youssef quit YouTube one two maybe three
times right yeah maybe maybe more okay
and the last time you quit YouTube I
went over to Alex's house and I said
copy nothing was worth day mm-hmm and I
was like dude what the f are you doing
you keep quitting YouTube and you said
to me and I quote huh
I finally discovered YouTube's not for
me I'm not gonna go back to you too
because doesn't make me happy I want to
try different things that maybe want to
try being like a fitness person maybe I
want to try travelling stuff I just am
NOT going back to YouTube and you said
something that really impressed me which
was I keep telling myself as because of
hate comments because the content were
making that's why I keep going back and
be unhappy but it's not I just don't
enjoy YouTube and I was like damn
Youssef is honest with himself he knows
the stuff and then lo behold one and a
half weeks later I saw a YouTube video
it wasn't just a YouTube video it was
called dear YouTube you need to see this
and I literally wanted to jump out my
goddamn window because I was so annoyed
at you because you're never consistent
what you say yeah
so you're saying with this project yeah
even if no one supports your project
even if you get very little views no
matter what happens you are not gonna
leave YouTube again I'm not saying I'm
not gonna leave YouTube again okay
because I can't even predict that for so
but what a minute again ago you said
you're not gonna quit so I'm not gonna
quit on this journey quit and you two
were different yeah cuz III wouldn't you
find what not the final criticism well
let me let me backtrack a second shit
and that turn all right you're good your
dad time you saw me on my birthday yeah
I do want to mention uh-huh I didn't see
you ever again after that we saw me my
show yeah yeah which was recent ya know
and I texted you this and this me and
Myra got every little thing through
texting yeah where she asked me that she
was like yo where are your intentions
here in this and what I respectfully
told her was I respect where you're
coming from from what you saw as an
outsider yeah last time I saw you
hey Lilly I'm done I need to find my
happiness next thing you know I'm back
on YouTube but somebody who was there
and I told you this who spent every day
with me was humble a poet now he nursed
me every day we talked on the phone for
hours he hung out with me he talked me
about life I was wondering
he was annoyed every single day and he
really helped me reach a new place right
and he always let me know if you need to
come back to YouTube do it for yourself
so if you watch those vlogs that are
posted on Joseph you see what I said in
those vlogs was me coming back this time
is not for you I pointed to the audience
that it's not for you I said it's for me
I said for years I've had an outlet to
voice my opinions my frustrations and
deal with my depression I need that back
okay so whether you're here to ride with
me or not that's what I'm doing so I
started that on those sofas and then
unexpectedly this journey came about and
I came back to fousey so I just want you
we're gonna wrap up this segment right
here I'm just gonna leave you with a
final thought which is the contradiction
of I need to win their hearts back and
this is not for you it's for me because
those are two opposite sentences no
because like I am really connected to
the people who are there for this right
and although why I'm creating is for me
I still know who's a part of it because
they're a part of it more than even I am
they're invested in me they're invested
in the journey they're not in part of it
more than you are you're part of it more
than they are true okay but cut the
beard no I care for them a lot and I
will not just be asking any other thing
which I believe you all call other
creators out on this I felt like I've
always if there's anybody invested in
his audience it's me 100 percent so
whether they're what like outside of me
creating for myself whether they're
haters well name another person in your
life you're invested in that's not a fan
wouldn't mean invest any other person
that you're emotionally invested in
emotionally like the way you're invested
in your fans you care about them name
someone who's not a fan that you're
invested in family member trend doesn't
matter anyone my dog's okay someone that
stalks your mom mmm really close with
your mom you know we talk every day
so your invest in your mommy yeah what
what characterises investment you're
honest with people that's will be one
thing right that's the people you're
honest with that you care about them
right uh-huh great that's a perfect
segue to clickbait which is the most
dishonest thing a creator can do that's
what time we'll talk about put a pin in
that okay
not a second because we're gonna take a
break from the key twice our task as
we're going oh okay I'm gonna give you
$5.00 for that because there was a
contradiction in your answer which is I
want to in their hearts back if you like
for a car make sure you're going to find
a contradiction for a contradiction I'm
simply looking at the facts laid out in
front of while you're looking for the
fault and my stars um well you have to
have stars for me to have fine folds
first okay calm down okay so two
questions from the audience the only
reason staffing is because you're trying
to get flirtatious with people no saga
you are and you and you by me uh-huh
you showed up you drink of my drinks
right now I would be trying to play
footsie if I was trying to flirt I'm not
your knees can't even reach another
table legs might not anyways okay two
questions from Twitter and so my
audience they're they're hella are they
watching right now are they like they're
I think they're watching they're
watching I think I'm liking it so we
have two questions from Twitter are you
ready yes you can be on the lighter note
right nothing here's on the night team
super Mumbai Suri my boy
well of course is gonna ask the most
inappropriate question question number
one I think it's for both of us actually
okay okay but you're gonna have to
answer first okay it's gonna be can you
let us know if y'all fell for each other
at some point you first me first okay
there's my live streaming you really
want me to answer that right now in
front of everybody who's in Israel and
them right now yeah alright there was a
time to get that lip quiver can we zoom
in on that lip quiver there was a time
yes where when the whole yulie was
happening and everything happened that's
always happening yeah I did to myself
envisioned what it would be like to be
in a relationship in here and you know
so many people kept saying you guys are
such a good match it isn't this and I
know we're different but I in my head
tried to envision if I let you into my
world that I let girls into there's a
whole nother side that's outed world no
no it's very limited when I let a girl
in I let her in yeah
now you saw this side to me but we've
never connected on a spiritual level I
feel we matter
how good our friendship God and I asked
myself if I did let her into that world
and had like intimate nights straight up
would she feel something for me and I
had those thoughts so that's his honest
as it could get right there so as much
as you might think like how much it was
playing now I was like there were times
where I really like I thought about it
I've even talked to friends about it
now you're taught which friend mutual
friend yeah now don't act now did I ever
think that you would be interested or
anything I mean no and that's why it's
it was never it was just one of those
things you know interesting yeah and so
there you have it
most of the fanfic on the internet yusuf
wrote about us there you have it
um if Alice answers question you know
I'll be honest I agree I always thought
like you know Youssef is I like how he's
ambitious those times when you were like
I've got three channels I'm ambitious I
have these goals I was really like I'm
attracted to this hustle in you but that
was never consistent and that was such a
big problem not even romantic I'm he's a
friend I like to be around if I'm really
honest I like to be around people who
have a certain energy I always felt like
your energy was never consistent in that
regard it was always like okay use of a
change again okay you for someone else
now and I just for my own mental sanity
need to be around people that
consistently have a positive energy
right there was times of course when we
were shooting videos this mother ever
would write scripts words that okay so
that we won't be in bed we go get
married what I was like up against this
chest in these abs or I was like yo yo
maybe maybe you somethin I sure like
really - yes of our own but but again
spiritually I was like nah I would kill
this mother effort come on I got you
and that's why I never I respected
whenever I felt like I know you you the
kind of person you are and you need that
kind of energy and that's what I'm on
the path to do right now so for me 225
days right now on this journey 26 today
my Energy's been great my drive has been
great my hunger has been back so I found
my purpose I'm proud of myself
maybe 365 days from now when you've been
like this for a year we can shoot a
video you can write something where
we're in bed together and I don't know
maybe it was all about you know piss me
off about that okay
sorry if we're going long no it's okay
there was one time where I had a video
plan with me and you were gonna kiss and
then we are gonna shatter my life is so
hard please listen to this we were gonna
shatter everything and I was so excited
but if I were many people's hearts back
it was way before that but if I remember
correctly that was right when right when
I was going to do it you and Suzy did it
and I said they're like wow really cuz
everybody knows you when Suzy is not
real but me and you there was a chance
let me get all this money out his door
right now let me just take all of these
I'm going to take this drink back right
oh no don't take my love for your abs is
there with a chain I know he got out
right now listen one of the stories in
the same week Suzy and use of both on
the same day we're like I want a video
where I kiss you and Suzy just messaged
me first okay and I was like I'm not
gonna do that with both of you guys in
the same week that helped no and then
dong you ended up kissing does so mad
but well we'll talk I'm actually gonna
put a note on my paper about this you
can't look at what it is that we're
doing in the history of our friendship I
think your answer is a little bit soft
than what the truth is because true or
false just all I want is a true or also
I want no explanation around came here
the multiple choking so you have
multiple times gotten upset if another
guy has taught to me true okay multiple
times true great moving on
second question all right ahem um by the
way I'm so sorry that question was some
team super og okay um it wasn't a three
stories questions now teams were Mumbai
this is good right and we're not gonna
name any names okay okay that's my one
rule okay another I wouldn't mind date
you because if we break up I know you
gonna be stop tweeting about me and I'm
gonna bump them on the effing leg okay
work on that okay this is the question
yeah
all right did and don't mention names
okay let people soon did lily and your
ex have some type of tension I'll answer
after you answer I really don't want to
talk about her right
okay what do you have okay the answer is
absolutely not
any time you dated anyone I have I
actually really believe in girl love so
I don't know if your climb really nice
to everyone you dated that I know of or
anyone that anyone's dated even though
online he would try to pick oh but no
you supposed to be for Lindy yeah dia
I've never had problems with it no I
know you haven't but other people have
with me there have been times I've had
to explain to took girls like they asked
like like even one girl I talked to
years ago and we recently started
talking and she was like yo but you and
Lily yeah and I would have but you know
why that is right yeah what because of
what we showed or what I showed correct
yeah we you all right there was an
instant uh-huh
where you were with your girlfriend and
I was in the room and I was questioning
this so hard I was like why is he doing
this but I didn't him you right where
your girlfriend came up to me and you
started vlogging with me like yo she
still makes me nervous
you know and I was like why are you
doing this in front of your girlfriend
when she's obviously gonna feel jealous
that I that might have been okay we all
make that was a mistake not pointing
things yeah how was understand what I'm
saying if your girlfriend ever did so
just they're probably justified yeah
yeah that was a mistake and I my heart
goes out to her all the people that have
you said blocked a car to go up to you
this last room is dedicated to you maybe
this jar will also go to you for that
honesty I will give you five more
dollars okay we're gonna back it those
are the light questions okay I start
this death there okay we're gonna go
into more questions
just yesterday I read on my cheeks right
now no you look at that Kyle when he's
almost up okay how long's white person
sunburn right now okay yes or no okay
have no I don't want any stress no I'm
liking it where I smile it's like it's
like a it's like a detox I more than
anything which you should be gathering
is that I've done my research
yeah I love it I love it I love it yes
or no question no explanation don't you
know have you changed since the first
time I met you oh yeah train everyday
okay great perfect because you also
tweeted saying that you don't change
people's perception of you changes no
see see see there's so many there's so
many things here like fine lines between
we change everybody changes all the
but what I say about change whenever
people I'm people always view me as an
old user than a new user
that's just suddenly people say to
creatives just dumb I got tired of that
because I was like no stop there is no
old use if there is no new use it
because this we've created me being in
charge of it with my audience and the
reason they're like happy with this oh
yeah we like use of again is because
I've villainized myself from the past
and made myself my past version myself
be a most horrible person when I think
about the past version of myself like
the one who had just met you the one who
was overweight and everything I always
had the same good intentions I always
had a pure heart a kind heart now people
might not have seen that in me based on
how they perceived me so now I'm also
based on how you acted but I know myself
even through those times okay behind the
persona of who I was for the internet
who Youssef was not fousey not the
villain right great
so I also get think everyone changes I
hate when people come and say you all
the lead really old uses because
everyone changing the person that writes
that comment also changes you have a
change that's how you grow uh-huh change
and both inevitable necessary right
there's a few things that I feel like
you've said contradictory things to me
okay and I'd like to ask you about the
first time I came to your apartment yes
when we lived right beside each other
and never saw each other yeah was you
were getting your tattoo removed yeah oh
great I like this yeah you were getting
a tattoo removal like dude why are you
going through so many of these operation
things at your tattoo removed yeah and
you said to me and I hope you don't mind
me repeating this you said to me saying
it's not my choice I don't even care
that I have a tattoo I don't mind the
tattoo I just happy to move because it's
not my choice but then I went home and
saw a post I was like I regret getting
the tattoo it's not who I am and was
just so contradictory to what you said
to me in person and now can I just see
your arms yeah now you've got a pity
attached as a rule but you've got all of
these tattoos yeah I don't think that is
our big deal at all but you for some
reason your brain convinced yourself
that you need to be one way even though
you don't actually believe in that way
hundred percent
why so when I started Yousef I was like
I created Muslim content like content
that represented Islam and I represented
content
middle Easterns now I just up as my mom
dad did the whole thing think they got
Facebook now because of this that
audience saw me a certain way and I had
a standard to live up to okay so I lived
up your brain yeah and for me feeling
like I was doing the right thing okay
because there was a time where I finally
started like getting my viral hit doing
middle-eastern stuff where I was like
dang there's people back home watching
me I need to represent so now as I'm and
yo double life on YouTube don't get me
started yet don't get me started with
how many youtubers are one way for the
camera one way for another so me doing
that it was out of a good intention
because I was representing a religion
and a culture so as I was doing that I
was also growing as a person so when I
got my tattoo when I moved to LA I
wasn't ready for that in my life at that
time I was still scared of judgement
judgement of my audience judgment of my
mother had a severe panic attack when I
got the tattoo scrubbed it off for hours
in the shower cried every night went to
therapy gained 49 pounds was depressed
because I thought my life was over
because in my head whenever somebody saw
that they're no longer going to see you
sit that they supported they're going to
think I got lost in the sauce started
getting my tattoo removed through
therapy and through my removal process I
grew up and I learned that no youssef if
you want to do something you're going to
do it for you regardless of what other
may see so here's what happened in my
youtube career as I started being more
me because I'm not gonna lie while I was
making those videos representing a slam
and doing the Middle Eastern stuff I was
doing stuff behind the scenes all the
time I never said I was actually segue
into my second I was still I was still
living a double life I was still going
out and partying I was still drinking I
was still doing stuff with girls I was
gonna show them that yeah so what that's
where we used to take pictures we had
two orchestras specifically remember at
a house party me and you would hold on
to you to be the new made us move all
the alcohol from behind the fig yeah and
I was like you said what are you doing
done and so so what it what actually
ended up happening was people thought I
changed what all I really started doing
was being more true to myself
as I started being more true to myself
people thought I got lost so they're
they can't they're like dang la changed
him Fame change and money changed him
but I was just becoming more me so when
I got this tattoo now it was me as an
adult ready to make my own
to make my own fault and to say this is
what I believe in
I respect your beliefs this is me and I
got to through that talk to my mom about
it and then my mom like who I thought
would disown me it's my biggest
supporter and she trusts me because she
knows this does not define the love or
who her child is so this is just me
being ready to accept my own decisions
give you ten dollars for that answer
big off yourself ten dollars this all is
all going to go towards taking me on
this okay what question gets me a kids
none of them anyways moving on so here's
the thing I feel and this is where I
might get a little heated because this
is where I am very passionate about the
Sun okay I'm gonna read you three tweets
from you yeah okay delete my Twitter No
you've already done that many times
you're not gonna do it this time because
I have the receipts right okay write
three tweets from you yeah alright and
they go in order okay so the first one
I'm gonna read is from back in the day
okay
okay number one I'm changing the way I
you two no longer am I making content
reviews no more need for quick
satisfaction from numbers the next week
was I used to get a million views from
crap content with click baited title and
thumbnails it's time to change all that
and begin filmmaking about two three
weeks later our titles and thumbnails do
not represent how powerful content is
it's simply us having to play the game
to change the game so essentially from
I'm just going to call it how I see it
okay and you can correct me if I'm wrong
you were making content with honest
titles and saying I'm a filmmaker not
doing the click make crap anymore I'm
above that my content speaks for itself
maybe you weren't getting as many views
as you mentioned your views weren't I
think I can see the receipts online no
yeah the receipts are when we started
the journey and then you're like yo
actually clickbait thumbnails and titles
are just me playing the game to change
the game and so I need to do that for
people to now see this awesome stuff I'm
making through filmmaking and so now
yeah I am gonna click make why the
contradiction why the change okay why
before were you okay not quick dating
and wife okay just start first of all
yeah and this is two friends I'm not a
child no I know this is a chance from
your justice is this
a big topic for me too so first of all
YouTube right now in this day and age
depending on your audience is built on
clickbait now why do I say that four
years that I've done this I posted
videos that weren't clickbait and I
posted videos that are quickly I know
what the audience clicks on and I feel
like the people who complain about
clickbait the viewers are the people who
only click on clickbait what I found now
I have a predominantly male audience I
do have a female support group but a
predominantly male audience their clicks
and they're like reception towards
videos are different so it's tailored to
a different way now when I started the
journey and I said like I'm being you
know the filmmaker for the first 15 days
me not capitalizing my titles no
exclamation points no nothing a million
views each day and for six days and
wrote two million views not clickbait
just the content now you have times
where let's say I post whatever people
think a clickbait title is on this
journey right here's what I feel I feel
like now that I support my content and I
know it's quality so I know if I do get
them to click it ain't a waste of their
time this is quality content that you
need to see now how am I going to target
young Jake Paul fans like I met Jake
Paul fans in Ohio hey are you guys
watching the journey now we're not but
it's everyday bro how am I gonna get
them to elevate if I have to play the
game and maneuver and I'm bringing them
in to get them to watch the video I'm
going to do that because at the end of
the day this is the business and I have
to play that and I feel like my content
deserves to be seen but when I used to
stuff in the past
clickbait on like dose of pussy but I
know all I did like a lot of youtubers
to stay at home and create a vlog all
day why what am i doing to that kid why
am I wasting 13 minutes of their day to
come watch my video wasn't worth it
that's clickbait quick bait to me is not
only the town thumbnail it's the content
you're uploading in there is my question
to you would be if you're saying for
Joseph you see when I said you know
trash content I used to I don't want to
waste 30 minutes someone not all trash
oh yeah sample was trash saying I don't
want to waste your time watching this
content why do you think that a Jake
Paul fan gives an F about your journey
and needs to see your content by no
means do I feel like they need to yeah
but I feel like me believing in the
content on producing now
I want them to care because if I have a
chance to get little children but if you
want them to care doesn't that
contradict your journey of it being for
you no no no because through this
journey I started project butterfly and
I have a charity I now have there are
operations that we're going to run where
I do feel like we're gonna make positive
influence and positive change now
I'm building a team around that I'm
circulating team around that I'm
creating a charity this is all stuff
that's happening through like throughout
what we're doing so why do I feel like
that kid needs that kid doesn't by any
means he can live his own life but if I
have the power to get a kid like that to
join the journey and team butterfly and
believe in positivity and love and the
change we're gonna do for the world by
all means and any means necessary
now I also feel like clickbait if you
want to be um it's not even it's not
even clear but first of all I I'm sick
of quit because I feel like look on
YouTube everything is clickbait not
everything not everything but like for
example your vlogs right how many of you
is your a blog is gonna day not a lot
not a lot and do you ever clickbait not
really you don't right now if you wanted
to be a part of that group that gets a
million views a day as sad as it sounds
you have to you have to click bait now
if your quality is worth bringing them
in then bring them in do I want my
content to be seen right now yes because
I believe in the message I know I'm not
wasting their time I know I'm not
spending half my vlog selling merch I'm
not trying to get them to buy a song but
don't you don't but here's the thing
right I just really would as your friend
would want you to think that if your
journey is all about I'm doing this for
me and I want to put out a good message
why that f do you care if that is a
hundred thousand people or a million
people and why use a clickbait to get
into that group of a movie because when
I put all vlogs right I literally could
be in my house all day working and I'll
put that vlog I don't click bait and I'm
off thing I'm writing around we're just
different and that's fine but here's the
thing with clickbait right is as someone
like me and maybe I'm maybe the flaws
with me I don't know but I'm just
telling you how I feel is that you click
mating actually makes my job harder
because I go into meetings trying to
make something of YouTube and all they
can think I was like also like you vlog
right so like you guys eat stuff online
you you guys do pranks and you do stupid
crap with your friends and that's what
people think YouTube is right and so now
creators like the Ryan's and the d-trix
doesn't like I don't want to mention my
name because I think they're better than
me they are now lost in a sea of I did
this stupid crap or I broke this part of
me or like I just this person and so
actually for creators like us you in a
way what you care not is I guess your
choice you actually make our jobs higher
where we feel like no we all have to be
part of this little crew then to also
clip it so if you're so obsessed with
like I have the power to make someone
watch my vlog and change the way they
think is impossible
I have the power to change the game and
not clickbait and actually make my
content speak yourself first off in any
industry like let's say Kendrick Lamar
conscious rapper he can't be mad that
waka flocka ding dong comes out with a
song like boo boo boo boo boo boo boo
boo boo boo and goes platinum it's part
of the game yeah he can't sit there and
be like y'all are ruining the game for
me I can't open these kids mind he
understands this is a game it's a
dog-eat-dog world and people are willing
to do whatever it is they're willing to
steal content they're willing to click
bait they're willing to be unoriginal
whatever it may be that happens in any
industry BuzzFeed was created on
clickbait you know how many times I got
created by a BuzzFeed article CNN click
baits night and day why are these news
channels trying to click bait for our
attention there was recently a muslim
girl who was killed that they clicked
baited the hell out of me to click that
title it's everywhere it's in our media
it's everything and it comes down to a
point like yeah I know no no we would
because I'm not like right now I stand
by my content is what some of the best
content on YouTube right now and I will
stand by that and if my clickbait I
would love for you to show me an example
you're like this is unacceptable to get
your viewers to watch because like I
just titled the video
I stole Roman out which card stores car
yeah I will agree there's some instance
of clickbait words people just like
saying this is super quick if the thing
actually happens am I using women am I
using breasts am i pretending that a
ghost molest me at night like 90% of
youtubers right now to get views no I'm
creating here doing other things know
what what am i doing you need to watch
this video
I'm gonna have to delete this video dear
YouTube you need to see this if it
journeys for you yo why does YouTube
need to see it because I believe in the
content I want it to be seen so then my
what I would tell you is frankly
disagree which means that you got to say
the journeys about me but it's about you
seeing my journey as well what else you
wouldn't be saying you need to play the
game to change the game you wouldn't be
saying it's a business with you glad I
acknowledge this is a thing like I feel
youtubers feel pressured to say cliche
things right they feel pressured like of
course the journeys about me know it's a
business you said yeah but it's what
intention do you have going into that
business I know a lot of people who
their business right now the reason they
want to get views is cuz they know a lot
of you means more Adsense that's not my
intention me playing the business right
now is knowing the more people I get is
the more people I can get to be a part
of my charity and the more change we're
gonna do so I'm playing that I'm playing
that in a huge way but ah where was I I
had something I'm sure you did um call
this vlog the time I got amnesia ah damn
it
dang you there was something I say in
regards to that but um listen I
understand as a creator there's people
that's gonna use click like I'm not like
sitting here being salty about it I
can't control that and you're right it's
dumb for me to be like I'm mad as a
courier I'm not getting views cuz this
person they're not I'm not about to do
that but all I'm saying that if you are
so adamant that your journey is about
you and you're not doing it for other
people then there should not be a need
for clickbait that is the deepest level
of yourself to understand or if it is
about getting as you say yes the
journeys about me but it is important to
me
that people see the strange so for
sometimes I have an amazing amazing
amazing video and I know it's amazing
but I know if I title it what it is then
it's not gonna like I said be seen and I
feel like it's important enough to be
seen I know that sounds holier-than-thou
but I truly do and I feel like the more
eyes the more change now had I put a
regular title like I did I put giving
back helps me through my depression and
I gave back to workers in Qatar who are
fast and low views right and that's fine
but if I had if I felt like it was
worthy to be seen and I titled it dear
YouTube you need to see this and there
were more eyes on it by all means it was
still the best video I producing great
content
the Kia's and this is how it wrap us up
I think the keys not to be validated but
who how many people watching it if you
believe in it so much it does not matter
if one person sees it 10 people see it
yeah it doesn't but it's also like this
is the industry like you can look at how
the rock promotes his movie you can't
compare how he promotes his movie
towards how Leonardo DiCaprio promotes
his movie they're going to promote their
movies in different ways now Leonardo
DiCaprio might be like man look at this
guy posting these Instagram videos and
making fun with Kevin Hart and doing
these tours while leo is like I'm an
actor I believe in my art I don't have
to do this it's they're selling
themselves promoting yourself it's
different than saying you need to see
this video YouTube cuz this is gonna get
doing what I feel like what I feel like
to you is nothing your Baywatch is gonna
self-destruct in one day if you don't
watch it in the finebros have done that
all the time the fine roles aren't here
I know the finebros i drop that name and
i apologize
that's okay they're not here right now
you're okay but here's what I want to
say to you here's what I'm gonna say to
you here's what on this video calling
out your BS and here's what itis they do
journeys for you if it's actually also
Vulcan but here's what I'll say to you
and this goes to anything that you do
and I've learned this when I was like
young on YouTube don't get mad at
somebody for doing something that works
just cuz you're not willing to do it and
I'm not mad
oh you know what I mean I am I'm being a
friend that's being like yo you're
contradicting yourself normally oh yeah
no no and that's what was the man I
could put up a vlogger right now it's
like they yeah you put that's what I'm
saying that but that's an issue I'm
completely fine getting two hundred
thousand views on my blogs I'm content I
have a party my vlog gets to in a
thousand like yo damn straight and then
I walk when I ordered Capote Lee today
cuz I'm mother from Bali that's awesome
but what I'm saying for you if your
journey is about soul being authentic
then have the guts to say it's also
about you watching my journey it's not
just about me pretty much I don't say
that in the episodes I tell them that
they're the wings that make it fly and I
understand why they're supposed to make
it fly is a very tumblr effin way of
saying it's also a business and I need
you know I don't need values cuz I'm not
doing it because my channel is shot down
an Adsense right now anyway and me
promoting it doesn't have to deal
wouldn't clickbait not true
okay so you have or the next week
I dare dare you nuts clickbait titles
that's the call every YouTube right now
in times every youtuber you know but if
you have that issue call them until you
do the same I care about you as my
friend
and I know that loopholes like this in
your journey is what I know I'm doing
what I know I'm doing we're gonna in two
seconds but I know what I'm doing I
shouldn't face no we're not I know I
know I'm not like I know I'm not putting
your boobs and my thumbnails to get used
I know I'm not um I know I'm not
disrespecting my family my sisters or
girl I'm not doing anything that's
you're not disrespecting girl like I'm
this journey
give me your title I'm thrown a girl
under the bus perhaps you've thrown X's
under the button other things to throw
people under the bus not to throw under
the bus no we're gonna agree to disagree
we're gonna move on for a second because
we're getting heated um we're gonna do
something real funny are people watching
are people watching okay people are
watching maybe they're just like we're
an old couple bickering I don't know
well just leave it up for a second we're
still friends he's sweating a lot but
it's fun we're gonna do something which
is really funny so Yusef actually was
popular way before I was right I was
starting off on YouTube and Yousef was
like the mother effing man I lived in
Toronto and I still the man questionable
and now I'm kidding you are the man
thank you in some regards and stuff your
entrance music was I can show you the
world so you know questionable but I I
don't know if you remember I used to
tweet you so often you did when you were
somebody and I was a nobody
um and I actually have some of the
tweets that I tweeted you okay I
couldn't find any of your replies
because you deleted all of your tweets
right what I wanted is actually to take
the tension off of you and put it on to
me show you how thirsty I was for
Yusuf's attention okay I was thirsty
literally thirsty again the first tweet
I ever tweeted you already heart it was
posted to let's do it you can tell it's
old school cuz I said collabo
not even close yeah let's do a collab oh
I'm a persistent little bugger who says
bugger that's me trying to be someone I
don't I don't know
I don't know I thought I would like Mary
Kate or something so just reply saying
yes Kate thanks I don't think you are
those are all tweets to me yeah I also
use it did not reply to that I'm gonna
have to get teen superwoman
that's how you know so G because of t
zue ruin on this mission of getting
fouseytube to collab with me
hashtag attack oh my god the thirst is
real yeah I still don't think you
applied that my fans went on this
mission okay and I don't even need your
tweet printed I remember exactly what it
was mmm it was hit Mike's fans room
attached with your clavicle absolutely
klappa believe and you said something
like yeah maybe one day it will be great
and you faded the f out of me
nice get out of here okay I know you
want to fiddle with something cuz you're
nervous but that's okay
okay then you actually did interact and
you said thanks I said thank you so much
of the like and comment much appreciated
good luck on Ellen I think this is one
challenge yeah yeah okay you know you
this is ill I'm embarrassed of it this
ill kind of embarrassed what is it I've
never been paired up with fouseytube
though he's just way too cool for me
clearly Jewish dog has been drunk I'm
I've been drinking about 9:00 a.m. or
something
Boosie to impossible to DM you wanted to
ask you what a collab you've done in the
past
hoping could advise me I think you
actually I did reply to no I did mr.
pussy to if you are seeing this hit a
fellow smaller less popular youtuber up
knocking Ruby for a collab I swear I was
the first I know where this is going
then I think we became friends did we I
think so okay you followed me we got to
know each other okay
hi I'm sending you an angry text right
now because you probably tweeted me
something stupid um can I have your dog
answers yes clearly as for today um oh
god the fuck next oh yeah oh my god you
know can you read it actions I can't
even whoa hey Lucy - no no first of all
- how I sound calm down what up - stupid
- girl superwoman and what am I going to
get to touch your abs or I mean when are
we hanging out hashtag what reply to use
of Erakat LOL sorry that was so tempting
yeah yeah lest we
more lap dancing that's horrible lap
dancing for a second okay whoa where are
we gonna go there you know I don't know
if you felt this way I'm just gonna i
doesn't not even on my sheet of thing
okay this is just me wanting to address
something with you okay I don't know if
you felt this did you just check me out
no literally sitting right guys get in
it you can be the judge of that I did it
I feel like we've had a lot of bumps in
our friendship yeah okay okay we're
close then we kind of separated now
we're kind of I don't know here oh by
the way the last question you answered
kind of semi honest imagine um this is
all going back to help people outside by
the way that's what we do with the money
that we get now okay so thank you for
that yeah I'll just give it right to the
man I want to give you just fine okay
great lies I don't you so here's the
thing about the lap dance right so let's
talk all the time use of primed me all
right let's talk about this okay so my
partner good because I do feel I don't
know if you know this I think I texted
you about about how serious you took it
for me that was when our friendship
really drifted apart 100% and I want to
be a real clear I don't care that use of
prank like I'm not upset that used to
prank me you said that's what he does
you prank people before that was your
thing okay I personally got a fan of
friends I think they make people feel
uncomfortable I think it's not fair to
them they didn't sign up for that it's
just cringe I don't like seeing people
in that circumstance when Youssef said
he's gonna invite me over for a lap
dance everyone and their mothers are
like he's gonna prank you and I was like
dude he's not because Youssef respects
me he knows he knows I don't want that
to happen because I've made it very
clear many times to all my friends that
prank me I don't enjoy being pranked I
just don't like it
so I go to this guy's house like we're
gonna do this lap dance video I'm up
gets over this booty on this right here
this booty be working on you looking
right at my give a little squeeze right
I get to his house and not only were you
in on it but some mutual friends we had
at the time we're also in on it which
made me annoyed as well but I get them
the first thing I say off camera to use
those like Yousef this is not a prank
right and Ofcom you're like it's not and
I said to you I'm telling you right now
if you prank me it is going to affect
our Fred
shit I'm telling you I'll be upset I
said it straight up like dude it's not
you then proceeded to prank me
and I was so allied and show it in the
video maybe watch the prank really shot
I was so damn annoying because I thought
this guy does actually not care about
her friendship he just wants the video
wants the views and would do anything to
get a good print video I was so annoyed
by that and so for me that was when our
friendship I was like you I don't want
to be around this guy because he does
not care about her friendship as a
friend and I'm not even no excuses no
justification I sincerely apologize for
that and that's something I never forgot
about and that's like you know whenever
I think pranks again it's like it's one
of those things that like I'm like not
because I remember how I made you feel
I've had plenty of people in the past
tell me like yo don't like pranks
Loretta and I've still done it and it's
always just been a laugh but with you I
didn't take it into consideration and
that was my fault my original intention
this is not to excuse it I told you this
was to get the rock I thought you were
to love that didn't work in fact you
thought that was doable they didn't work
so I thought how can I do this and not
piss her off I was like oh she loves
girl love I'm P good girl okay train of
thought you sound like my ex how could I
do this and not piss her off let me just
break her because that would piss her
off so instead of a rock let me get the
next best thing and prank her instead of
just giving her a goddamn black I'm
sorry
still haven't gotten no you did in one
of the vlogs I gave you and I always see
this clip posted on Twitter again it's
like though I don't even know how my
hips moved like that you know what's
cool I'm talking I was at Alex's House
everyone was there I grind it hard okay
we have different definitions of hard um
anyways okay we're gonna move on okay I
have two more things actually this one
might be a little bit sensitive Oh feel
free to not answer you don't want to I
think religion of the Internet is a
lose-lose situation personally I feel
like when you're religious online the
comments section becomes about religion
it becomes religious warfare no one
wanted to stuff the content you use just
like you said you'd deliver this content
and then you're like no I'm just
this for the for this facade I'm not
like this but you recently tweeted
saying got to break my fast and pray on
top on the highest towers and Qatar
today so now you've again incorporated
religion into your well that was my
first tweet on religion in a long time
years yes so it's to honestly ask you
what is your religious stance
what would you say I'm not going to
answer not gonna answer alright I'm
gonna give you five for admitting that
you're not gonna answer because that's
respectable
and I probably would not answer actually
no I would answer I answer everything
what that's okay we're different people
it's fun um but I will pay for my friend
uses I do feel for sometimes I will say
you're sweating like like wow I know
damn so I get this guy what club you
dying up in here jeez um I will say
please religion is actually and despite
being one popular opinion I'm okay with
that I'm okay with standing for
something that's an unpopular opinion no
matter what any religious text says no
matter what you think is right or wrong
religion is going to be subjective you
cannot have right and wrong when you're
referencing texts or books or ideas that
are thousands of years old and I will
say for my friend use of one of the
things I do feel for a lot is that you
get a lot of heat about a lot of things
and I never thought that was justified I
don't think that's okay and so I will
encourage all of you to not judge people
based on what you think is right or
wrong according to your religious
beliefs that's a battle State for you um
and hopefully one day you don't get a
lot of heating you can talk about well
what I do say like I said this in a
recent episode was Glide I mentioned
that I was like hey guys this was the
first time I showed you guys any part of
religion and I explained how any country
that I go to I'm going to take that
opportunity to learn about their
religion and also pay respects to their
religion but at the end of the day if
I'm gonna be honest with how I feel
about a religion and this is how I feel
in general about it I don't care about
what religion anybody is what they
believe in where their values are
whatever like I respect any and every
belief like right now in this room I
don't need to know what religion they
aren't I don't care what religion
they're I respect them as people and
that's how I view so religion to me like
I respect people who have faith I
respect people who don't have faith I
respect you know whatever they want to
do at the end of the day are they good
people to me are they cool like you like
I don't I don't care I mean I don't
bother with it I'm an amazing friends
yeah so I don't I don't mind
great I have one more thing and then
waiting to something really fun and
spicy mm-hmm um so she went I want I
want to know I'm about going right now I
want to have a one more thing forget it
really honest okay we can discuss any of
the stuff off cameras well I don't want
you think I orchestrate his whole thing
to put you on the spot okay I only kind
of did that um there's one more thing
that I never told you about that to me
annoyed the crap out of me ah why have
why don't you tell me these things when
they happen why don't they come about
why don't we discuss like you know why
that's it that's what you know why
didn't say these things yeah because I
was like yo am I gonna answer and his
actions I'm not going to consistent next
time okay fana I've always felt like the
consistency was never there so I never
took the effort to tell you things okay
so now this me doing this is me once
again believing in you okay as I always
will and I'll get more to why nothing
but I feel like in our friendship yeah I
have oh I don't know why I've always had
a soft spot for you when you go through
issues I know if you remember when we
lived beside you I used to come over and
be like yo I'm struggling with this
everyone does not always tried my best
whether you agree or not I don't know to
be like this is the advice I can give
you about business about team or YouTube
about anything not that I'm an expert
but this is what I can tell you right
you also when you said I'm not going to
tanks anymore only biscuits there's one
person's already not done that was me
and you said I want to ask it what
starting skits or did that skit with you
about dating a youtuber what I would do
really well you can't you said you're
never doing pranks again that was before
20 pranks so markers I've always tried
to be there for you every time you want
to a video boys try to be there for you
you have done the same for me for the
most part okay but the last annoyance I
had was well I did this Halloween shoot
we're not gonna say it was for because
it never got released this big Halloween
video I did and it fell through but I
remember I had so many my friends I had
an Alex that Lauren had did you guys so
many people there and I don't know if
you realize this but you came and you
put zero effort into this project I was
working on and you were like lying there
and you wouldn't get up and you wouldn't
put your
analogous like this mother effer can see
that I'm busting myself trying to get
this done but no effort and that's why I
felt like deal maybe he doesn't actually
care about me you know how there's two
sides to every story they tell what we
never discuss tell me my biggest
insecurity and something like I would
love to learn on the journey is dancing
okay and that was straight dancing so
when the director was saying like you
said come on more I'm like Oh demotion
okay you gonna weigh in my head I'm like
yo I think I'm dancing like MJ right now
I thought I was doing my best so me
sitting down not being enthusiastic to
get up and dance
cuz each time I got up that was hard for
me and the whole time I was like damn
and I knew it on my head I'm messing up
this project I don't know how to dance
and it required me to dance Alex he bust
them Lawrence you can bust a move
everybody who's there they can bust a
move then there comes Yusef and you
don't want me to do little things but
like I don't even know how to do the
second project is a second project where
you've danced for something and the
first time you did it for me you had no
problems you were like yeah I'm gonna do
this I might be a little awkward I'm
still doing when was that
that was for that Bollywood yeah I did
like the ass and I did that but it
wasn't anything too crazy
alright I'm glad I heard your sides no I
I wish maybe we connected on meds I'm I
believe in being like yo he literally
put an old effort no no no I I did and I
even whispered to them like I knew like
I was not like I thought I was gonna
what the video came out I even whispered
to them like imagine what I'm gonna look
like dream is that was hard like they
were like we have different definitions
of hard well I don't know how to dance
those moves it was like oh my gosh like
that was scary alright alright we're
need a break from this right now okay
I'll give you ten dollars for that we're
take a break from this okay
we're gonna do something that everyone
over there in this internet world has hi
guys Ezra Chris I hope you're enjoying
this everyone has requested so when I
said I was induce livestream all my fans
like oh you're just gonna pick the
crappy questions like what's your
favorite color idea I was like all my
fans like to get bright you know they
like to get bright and sassy yeah
wonders all to do this so what I have
here is that I don't know if you know
this the Internet is a filthy mother
effin place and all our fans all these
teeny bopper fans and teens even older
people they actually get off on writing
six things about us on the Internet okay
that's what they do I have some
fanfiction here about you and I again
really I do and we're gonna read it okay
we're gonna read some fanfiction um I
have to how bad is it
do they like go in like they did things
went in father really um but I have to
from your point of view and one from my
point okay
so first I'm gonna get you to do this
one okay I'm never side note I've never
read a fanfic side note I didn't know
what fanfiction was yeah also never read
a fanfiction back today when I was
looking at them I was like gifted down
with this like I don't just look for
something ever read fanfiction really
fanfiction you have to understand from
our point of view like oh we're friends
never even when I'm drunk or anything is
anything happened between us yeah true
the closest thing that happened was
maybe Yousef was drunken sent some
flirtatious crap to me a creator segment
that is the worst set of ever happened
don't worry we'll put a pin in that okay
um so nothing has ever happened to so
I'm reading this it's like what the f is
wrong with you guys but we're gonna be I
remember sleepy a creator something okay
where am I reading just the highlights
oh she gives me a slight smirk as she
crawled and plopped herself onto my lap
her lips instantly went for my neck I
was hoping to feel some type of
sensation when she did that some type of
spark some type of electricity but
nothing all I felt were wet lips against
my lower neck I glanced at her
broodingly an ounce of her wet fighting
its way into my thoughts but instead of
letting myself feel guilty I crashed my
lips into her and just like that I was
numb I have two questions number one
whoever wrote this you're delusional if
you think that he is gonna be like but
nothing what kind of trap for putting
the fiction in fan fiction for sure
because that is ended up I crash to my
lips and who was someone crashing into
my nice mug like are you the Titanic wat
wat anyways that was sickening to me um
I'm going to read one from my point of
view okay can't even take this seriously
right now mine's much longer by the way
and also I'd like to know there's way
more offense which is from my point of
view for music and there was so this is
your cue just write some more from his
point of view because let's be really
real life guys if you haven't noticed if
you haven't noticed I learned this at a
young age she does a lot to prove to
everyone that there's nothing there
that's actually not true I just said
that when I test your abs and chest I
was like yes comfortable oh yeah but now
like just let it be cool like let it
it's fine you don't have to poop to then
like you know me I'm not proving I just
knew coughing you're like you know trust
me yeah I've never asked that I've never
tried cuz if I tried I wouldn't be like
that that's what I said there's a
different side to me oh you can tell you
out game a men's game that's very honest
and true and aside you have another beer
someone's use it was drunk he said these
words to me he said I was leaving with
you oh I'm gonna leave now and he was
like if you're gonna leave why the hell
did I stay here if I'm not gonna like
essentially what you're saying was if
I'm not gonna get some why the hell did
I come here
I didn't say dad essentially what you
said in different words anyways let's go
to the san fiction right now my mic fell
because even it is like yo this is trash
okay okay let's hear it yeah
let me hear it I'm getting bad I'm gonna
imagine it yeah oh I'm there I'm there
just as I was about to pay attention to
the movie I felt the use of swarm giant
hands slide under my right hand which is
resting on his ads you say that but I
like he caressed the back of my hand his
thumb don't care about that I didn't
bother to take my hand away I couldn't
help myself from slowly lifting my head
up to look at Yusuf's chocolatey eyes
that's when I realized my eyes had been
on his lips for a while now his eyes
travelled down my lips that also made me
realize that I had the side of my bottom
with in between my teeth slightly biting
it he probably he pressed his tongue to
the theme of my lips I slightly parted
my lips to give him the access
apparently I'm a parking garage
we didn't care of our surroundings as
our tongues danced and purl together
we're both on cloud mother-effing 9 it
says mother effin yep my best one
feeling this warm breath on my neck I
couldn't help but let out a slight I
like this I like this yeah our tongues
danced and twirl together basically our
tongues are in the sequel of lala land
is what I'm Catherine from this I like
that one
alright ok I'm sure you do breathe oh
okay there's the highlights give it to
me boo I had my arms around her waist as
our hips moved in unison are we dancing
her back was leaning against my chest as
we both got lost to the beat of the
music dancing some Beyonce song followed
the previous song and Lily instantly
started grinding carelessly to the
cadence of the music my lust for her
became stronger as I tried to keep my
composure it's been like two minutes and
she already has me turned on just by her
stance and the way she was dancing
against my crotch I knew she was finally
letting go and finally letting herself
enjoy a little and I was so
thing happy about it so in this step if
you're dancing just fine no that's our
Liao's well I dunno how to just like
stand on a wall let somebody grind on me
that's the only kind of dancing alright
I was concerned so if you want to like I
can stand there okay I have one more
from you point of view all right I took
my hair no we should have done you
somebody should have read it and we
should have really enacted it like like
you know like acting acting practice
acting I'm gonna ignore you and read now
okay I took my hair out of the towel and
began to untangle it while Yusef washed
me hey you missed one right there he
said as he put his hands through my hair
then put his hand on my neck while his
thumb was resting on my cheek they like
thumbs that is a run-on sentence also
they like that his hands eventually made
their way to my waist as my hands
wrapped around his neck as our kiss was
getting deeper and deeper we made our
way to bed we'll come through he gently
pushed me onto the bed okay know how it
would go the other way around and began
to suck on my neck as I began to breathe
heavier and then let up sophomore
why didn't ever want me to moan I feel
like you wouldn't know they just they
believe in the power of usage and I
would I would I would let out noises I
do all right we're gonna conclude that
segment with the honest our right that's
great that's fantastic I'm gonna
conclude this by saying and because you
were you were really honest about that
maybe ten more dollars nice um I'm gonna
conclude this because I think you've
been done great so if I've been very
honest I've grilled you a lot you've
been a great sport this is your chance
to ask me anything what are our friends
about whatever view you don't have to
any questions for me you can turn the
tables and um anything I don't have any
questions for you but you know how you
said that you had stuff that bothered
you I've had stuff that bother me yes
now I've heard you wanted if I forgotten
and you actually did then my deepest
apologies but my recollection it didn't
so I'm gonna ask you my first movie
Tyler Perry's Wilma D Halloween after
the release and ever
being in the red carpet I don't think I
ever got a text from you yeah and I've
never got a congratulations I never got
a like anything and what I've always
made sure to do as bad of a friend that
I may have been in the thing when you
have something I congratulate you
whether it used to be through Twitter or
recently your movie like I was stoked
and I texted you right away to let you
know and I don't feel like I got a
congratulations for the right you
probably guys congratulations you did
get a text with a picture of the movie
promo in the group squad group being
like yo use if I see your movie poster
so that's dope oh but that's still not
the same congratulations I apologize for
that
I think this was after the pranking
situation right maybe and I think I was
just so like no this guy does not yes I
think I was so and then I think it
happened again with the second movie I
don't think I got anything there either
oh yeah yeah yeah yeah and that like to
me and I remember I talked to somebody
about it at the time I was like you I'm
hurt because no um I think was a girl a
song at the time I was like you alma
hurt because again I got something from
everybody and stuff but I felt like I
was always there to congratulate you and
be like your biggest fan but I felt like
when it was my time you know to like
apologize that's how you felt I've never
once you feel that way
it might have just been me being like yo
I'm so salty about this prank and I'm
solving it this is another thing to make
up for that or acknowledge that and so
I'm not gonna I think I did pull away
like I said I need to be around and
selfishly so I need to be around a
certain energy and when I'm not I do
pull away because I'm like not my mental
health I'm not down with that that's
probably following I apologize and I'm
very proud of you and you're wonderful
you did great you could just stop click
baiting now okay anything else um
alright so you've made it known you're
not into me and all this stuff um I want
to know right now with your busy career
and your busy schedule and all that you
got going on do you have love in your
life right now are you trying to find
love is it a is it something you want
but it's not there because you're just
so invested in career right now where
are you in that if it comes your way are
you going to accept it so possibly the
latter this is my thing I'm not I'm not
one of those people that's like oh I'm
really lonely and so I really would like
to be a relationship truthfully my
so busy that time to feel lonely I have
so many things going on I'm so career
driven and the honest truth is if I was
in a relationship I would be a really
bad girlfriend you know previously
during super when I was in a
relationship and I was a bad girlfriend
I don't like being bad at things I don't
want to be a bad daughter I don't wanna
be a bad friend I don't be a bad
girlfriend and my life does not allow me
to be a good girlfriend right now having
said that if I met someone was like oh
like you are really bringing out a part
of me that is a part I love and you're
really helping me be ambitious and
you're motivating me and I gain a lot
from us being together I would consider
yes I'm against the idea but I'm not
seeking any seeking make sense um so you
obviously care about not just wanting to
know I'm sure they wanted to know as
well so um not not uh I know you care
about your brand and you care about your
business and you care about how it's
perceived I mean there's a lot of
celebrities who work with you so what
you pull on average your views you can
use to your advantage when your team is
working towards business deals and stuff
like that let's say there was a glitch
on YouTube and your views that you're
known to get weren't coming and there
was something wrong with your channel
and your adsense there was something
hugely wrong so now when you're
uploading video that you work hard on
you're getting 300,000 views on your
main channel and your adsense is like
shut off and you know other people's are
working just fine your videos get when
you post go on restricted mode even
though you're there you know they're not
meant to be restrictive and you know
there's something wrong because you're
not being in people's recommended they
would you not would that not be a
concern for you and something where
you'd stop and be live hold up
something's wrong let me call somebody
up on YouTube yo YouTube because you
know Lilly superman' has the power to
contact YouTube like that like you
matter to YouTube and I will go as far
as to say you matter to YouTube on a
higher precedence than a lot of other
creators do you're one of their top
priorities so if that happened would you
now as a content creator not be like at
this I need this fix I'm you know you
guys have to do something and not be
concerned to you yeah that's a bigger
question I went that whole YouTube
restricted mode thing happened I'll
openly said that my ad
as far as I know was not reacted I make
super PG friendly content so I do have a
direct link with YouTube I did
experience a downfall in views because
of whatever algorithm changed because
however my videos were being recommended
and so what I did was I didn't change
what I was doing on YouTube I did
contact my YouTube partner manager like
yo what's going on let me learn about
this let me try to promote the new
algorithm is let me do something to
remedy this instead of just complaining
about it right and this is something
I've always had an issue with with
creators is when something goes wrong on
YouTube there is a sense of entitlement
that's like oh well my money is not the
same so f YouTube well why do you feel
like you have the right to make money
off your videos to begin with that is a
first-world belief you can have the
right to make money because you're the
right to fuck videos up online but now
you want to complain that you're not
gonna make money off those videos
because they don't satisfy where they're
ad people want obviously that's how
YouTube works they work off ads so if
you want to sit there and complain
saying but I want to do inappropriate
things in my videos and get paid for
them guess what you're entitled and
that's inaccurate but it's my Adsense
sub did go down I'm confident to say
that I have my business in such a place
where if my Adsense was at zero I have
enough other revenue streams in my
business to not make that destroy me I'm
grateful to say that but it's not only
luck it's also me proactively doing that
which is why in the past I've told you
and you can you can honestly tell them
I've always liked Youssef you need to
reach out to youtube mean to have a good
relationship with these MCS you have a
good relationship with YouTube because
and I'm not being BS cut the BS when you
say you too cares about you in your
priority one of the main reasons as to
why that is is because I am easy to work
with I don't get as many views as a lot
of other people there's people have way
more views than me and so from a
business standpoint they should be the
priority maybe why I get things resolved
on YouTube and they care about me
because I'm easy to work with I'm not
jumping on Twitter hating on YouTube
when something goes wrong I'm not
cutting them out rogering any of that
stuff if I have to address something I
do it in a professional manner so my
channel fouseytube like it's mess right
now it's not reaching the amount of
reaching and the monetization as I said
literally $400 in comparison to 8,000
and 12,000 I was on the phone with
YouTube and I told them I said exactly
what you just said I was like look I is
a creator I'm not entitled to get squat
if this is how much I should be getting
then god bless that is a blessing from
above I'm happy with it but if there's
something wrong and it shouldn't be like
this I deserve for that to be fixed
because this is a business and I'm
taking care of a couple of people and
all I've been getting I've been working
quietly behind the scenes for months hey
YouTube something's wrong something's
wrong because what happened on those two
fousey when I came back two weeks in a
row every video had a million views
there was a bug in the system dropped to
300,000 flatlined Adsense got masta came
to fouseytube started this journey with
day 1 to 15 every video was getting a
million views by 8 p.m. I missed an
upload schedule by 5 hours
algorithm got messed up everything got
my stuff but the Adsense has always been
messed up and I have been trying and
trying and trying and my youtube person
what they did they passed me on to
somebody else and they said an email hey
sorry we can't help you with this here's
this person but can we be real honest in
the past your relationship with YouTube
you have not always been the easiest to
work with is that true or false
with YouTube no with companies other
companies at YouTube not I've never had
a problem with YouTube I haven't had a
problem with YouTube and I haven't even
had a direct thing because I used to
have a manager I used to have an agent
all that so is that I you've told me in
the past that there's some times when
you wouldn't respond to them or you
dropped out of things and things of that
but we just has conversation upstairs so
all I'm saying is that correct or
something's wrong with your channel yes
it fix it yes so there is right now
expect to be like y'all I've been
difficult to work with and now
something's wrong so fix it right away
it's not fixed right away it's been
months it's been a month like it's been
months for my channel but I've heard
stories I've heard stories of other
creators having their issues fixed and
other people being prioritizing getting
it fixed but come to mind and this is me
a chance right now because I'm sure
somebody at YouTube is watching this
saying yo there are creators who wanna
mend a relationship because I said that
in all my emails I kiss their butts and
I said I want a healthy relationship
with you guys and I'm working towards
that I'm contacting you now with no
manager no agent and everything
now help me work there now I'm waiting
to get that back warranted because of
everything that's happened in the past
oh because there's uncle that's when I
agreed to no because look then that's
saying like I'm the pussy tubes the
hardest person to work with in the in
the system no there are so many more
people who are like that but not
everybody is getting the precedence to
be taken care of on YouTube at this time
we can talk about some more off-camera
cuz I think we went overtime but the
last thing I want to say is that I think
a common thread here is that start
caring what other Creators you know in
this conversation at least 10 times
you've mentioned other careers and what
other peers are doing this that and I'm
only talking about you and I and I
understand but what I'm saying here is
if we all work in the same business
which we do we all fall under Google and
they're the ones giving us our money if
my boss if I know that I'm taking this
for a second for an example if I know
that I put in my work and I did my thing
and I have my quality but my boss comes
to me and goes oh there's something
wrong here's this but then they go to
somebody else and they go here's this
it's like all up in my drink it's like
why why am I get it where where's the
issue here why am i why is every video
that I post even when I'm praying on the
top of the thing going on restricted
mode why is um why am I not in the
algorithm algorithm anymore what is
going on here help me fix that helped me
understand but my response hey we
understand your frustration and we do
value as a creator but unfortunately at
this time we do not have a remedy to fix
your issue although we do agree that
there is an issue well the thing is
you're not the only person going through
that it's also good news also been other
people in things I'm not to the extent
of not and I beg to differ because you
don't know that you don't know I've
taught but the sources that I've talked
to 9 out of 10 are not even close to the
90 percent percentile drop that has
happened on my okay so I'll tell you
what after this last room is done we're
gonna go into our analytics uh-huh I
won't have a conversation about that's
fine
I'm gonna look at your analytics that's
fine I'll show you and you're gonna cuz
I've showed other people and they were
like why that's crazy like literally
when I asked certain creators how much
are you getting per this and they told
me and then I told them mine you should
see cuz I always knew when I used to
create YouTube back in the day and I did
I I do have a vendetta a lot of times
against other creators I always said
these youtubers saying I
my audience I do this with my audience
shout off their adsense and watch what
happens when this ad pocalypse happened
people were shitting bricks every
conversation I was having behind the
scenes is oh my god what is gonna happen
I'm not getting $50,000 a month any more
my life is over I need to get another
job where I'm saying they're like damn
what happened to the love but their
issues are fixed and resolved so they're
chillin now and now they're just happy
that it's not happening to them so me
somebody like look if the money and I
that I don't have other revenue streams
I don't have merch I don't I'm not doing
other stuff and I do have merch but it's
not something I do like I just wanted to
do much for this project and the money
is going to be for the charity I'm just
saying I feel like as a creator men my
frustrations and all that stuff either
tell me there's nothing we can do about
it and this is as it's going to be or
let help me talk to fix this because
like you said they gave you like
suggestions I've done those suggestions
as well but still I haven't had anything
but I've seen other creators get theirs
issues fixed great well we're gonna go
through that others we're gonna figure
it out I'm not YouTube I can answer
questions I'm just a crater that makes
content I want to end this line first of
all say thank you to all of you for
watching is very intense and what honest
and wonderful I'm gonna actually say you
were way more honest than I thought you
were going to be I'm going to give you
the rest of these $5 bills
um you can give them let me get one
thing yes your one kiss on the cheek
just like as a friend
cuz arrow what when Arabs say yeah say
hi to each other they kiss each other on
the cheek but yeah right yeah it was
like girlfriend so now that that's out
of the way um we will I just don't I
just don't know what that has to be the
the aim of this lunch there's nothing a
name once you got here you like you may
give them agility I'll give a kiss on
cheek when I feel like giving you a kiss
on me do you girl all right all right
boom so thank you for joining on the
path you know I want end this on a
positive note by saying I know I gave
you a really hard time you're a really
really good sport and the actual point I
want to get across I know I grilled you
want to click made and I'm not agreeing
on certain things the IATA here's the
thing about you slip right is you do a
lot of things to annoy me and I probably
got a lot of things to annoy you - we
both annoy chat but there's always gonna
be a part of me that feels for you
because we're friends and I care about
you and so the real the point of this
honestly is like even though I agree
just disagree even sometimes on your
you might be like your BS and you're so
full of crap like that sometimes it
doesn't mean I'm not going to support
your journey it doesn't matter if I
agree with their journey is the point of
this it doesn't actually matter people
agree with your journey or not doesn't
matter if I agree that's not why you're
doing it and for that reason I was still
supported and if it's what you need to
do I will support it I will give you
money you can stay here for me to stay
here as long as I get my work done on my
F
I will do whatever I can to support you
and that's what I wanted to say and
without leave you kiss on cheek because
you're good sport and your good friend
know thank you to all of you for
watching let me know what you thought
and let me know come below know who else
should be a guest on ask Superman for
super super honest cut the BS survive
and I don't think any creators gonna
have that intense of an episode thank
you bring on guys like that like the
fire was here we like the thermometers
here right now I don't turn on the a/c
that's another reason yeah you can take
your shirt off if you want anyways I'm
gonna go now doesn't love to use his
journey where can they watch it right
now every day on fouseytube and your
console and I don't call them vlogs I
call them episodes nothing ran great
episodes hold them accountable for
everything he talks about in his videos
because that's necessary for growth I'm
glad we got to do this glad we got to do
this one love superwoman that is a wrap
and Zoop I will see you next month on a
date I will let you know about me
