ah I'm so cute
hey what's up everybody it's your girl
superwoman so today I'm going to give
you guys a tutorial starting off with
smelling my hair smells like oils hi
yup said that already so yeah let's get
this started what you want to do first
is start with these facial stretches
this is called the monkey this one's
called Dino neck and I don't know what
that one we're ready to go apparently
here are my Listerine mints that I am
going to start off with oh nope it is a
cream and I am going to start rubbing
that on my cheeks incredibly fast have
you ever seen hence we'd like this
before because I have in damn so I'm
done next we have these two eyeliners
they're my favorite eyeliners you always
want to start with your eye your folks
eyes see all five of them what you want
to do is put your on and on your wrist
first and then you're going to kind of
rub it get up you're going to shake it
up and then note your rip we're going to
rub it on your hand or shake it up
whatever you want to do I'm just showing
both methods throw it throw that
away you don't need that see just put in
your hands boom and then you get your
paintbrush same paintbrush to you guys
use for your Father's Day paintings that
we've taught you last week so now we get
to the application process as you can
see you don't want to just paint it on
your face though I'm telling you what
this is a secret what you want to do is
dab it everywhere fun fact this is where
the dad came from it's actually from a
makeup tutorial my makeup tutorial say
wipe your chin because it gets itchy
sometimes hairs growing out so now that
you're done with your eyeliner the next
thing we'll do is your foundation this
is a cream based foundation from Mac
L'Oreal and how it's so ticklish when
you do your ears and you want to start
off by contouring with the foundation on
your jaw as it gets repetitive and you
do that over now you get your nose
because you want to contour your nose to
make sure it doesn't look flat don't got
a blow boogie right there yeah make sure
you don't want any boogers you know in
your contouring so you continue to
contour your entire face um I like to do
it not in my hair apparently that's how
you get dandruff make sure you guys
don't do that I like to get under my
hair line folds for that nice LeBron
look
and then I work on my Chin's so this is
great for if you're starting to sprout
new moustache and beard hair so you want
to really get around that section to
make sure that that doesn't show up and
and yes I am also starting to get chest
hairs so what I want to do is cover that
up with this ball and this ball is
basically like the fidgets spinner from
the 90s this is called a stress ball you
flick that away once you're done and
then you pull out your Father's Day
pants again and what you want to do is
start painting your eyes remember my
favorite color is this one which is
literally invisible color because
nothing's happening see look at that
there's literally nothing it's one of my
favorites the whole point of makeup is
so that you don't see it you know you
don't want to have too much makeup or
else people will think you're a clown so
this makeup color is also called nothing
as you can see as I apply it it actually
looks like nothing is happening but
that's what we want because you don't
want to look like a clown so done next
what we want to do is get this black
toothpaste and shake it up a little bit
because the last thing you want is
clunky makeup eyes so you pull your eyes
back and I swear this is not a racist
thing this is a technique to put on eye
makeup ironically it originated in Japan
so what you want to do is grab your
fidget spinor pen and it's from Smash
Mouth you know somebody once told me and
basically you do that sing that song in
your head while you apply this to your
eyebrows as you can see the difference
between the side that is done and not
what it really does is bring out the
caterpillar in your eyebrows and that's
what you want to go for I don't know now
let's see like I don't know what this
next step is called the eyelash squisher
and yes it is very scary and very
painful so you got to pray and basically
you squeeze your eyelashes as hard as
you can
only that hurts so much and you know
it's uncomfortable but it's necessary to
kill all the germs
after you sanitize your eye hairs what
you want to do is coat them with this
nice little eye hair conditioner you
know it's just like after you dye your
hair you gotta take care of it next you
want to put a little bit of spit on your
eyes as you can see I use a q-tip and
this is for that all-natural spit smell
you know it gets all the guys all the
cuties um
saying as the saying goes you know with
spit eyes you get more guys through
repetitive process but we're going back
to the eye thing and this is the part
where a lot of girls give up on because
you don't want to do this over and over
but I'm telling you you need to do this
as many times as I'm doing it because
you want to have a very thick dark
coating around your eyes that's the
whole point of putting on eye makeup is
so that you don't have to squint when
the Sun is really bright if you notice
football players do the same thing below
their eyes they put I paint next to
their eyes so that they're not squinting
and they can catch the football same
concept the next step in making makeups
is to apply your powder and this is for
your cheeks this is called blush powder
and what you want to do is basically
spread this all over your cheeks for
that contouring look it'll make you a
little bit red like you had a couple of
drinks if you're Asian or if you spend
some time in the Sun for white people
and then we're going to get to the lips
apparently I'm going to go with a nice
bright red and I really like this color
because it brings out my pillows in the
background I don't know if you guys can
see that but it really does this is my
famous Cologne
it's called believed by Justin Bieber
and I basically spray it on my face to
make sure that I am always not dry mwah
and we are done so thank you guys so
much for watching check out the comment
section so you can tell me how good I
look and you know this your girl
superwoman like I always say at the end
of videos teehee
you know hope you enjoyed that video if
you did give it a big thumbs up not even
for me for Ryan you did such a good job
as link in the description make sure you
show him some love my last videos right
over there blah channel right over there
tomorrow is ask Superman live special
edition featuring fouseytube so make
sure you check that out and subscribe
because I give it as every Monday
Thursday
one log global woman is a reference
