mad fetus lied what if everyone is a
girl superwoman and growing up there was
one thing that happened every single
month that was the biggest stress and
the arrival of my phone bill hashtag
first world problem when I was younger I
used to be so terrified of the arrival
of my phone bill that I would straight
up turn religious that ever happened to
you when you were kidding me you was
about to get whooped so hard so you're
like okay let me try this God thing out
real quick just praying like know Jesus
Christ he say me in this telling me I'm
out here making saviors up just like Bob
Joe Jacobs or Ashley if you have to pee
stop by my major you're not Christian I
know but this really religion that seems
to work in here maybe so because those
people are Christian people I never seen
Krishna and no extra room okay maybe
Hollywood should be more diverse mats
because brown people don't get possessed
okay we're not scared of the devil we're
scared of our parents which is why I was
scared with my phone bill because it was
paid for by said parents and I'm not
just talking any phone bill no no no I'm
talking that detailed bill that's took
an entire forest to print make our
planet right again here's the thing
right when I'm in a restaurant my
parents can't even read the menu because
their eyesight is go back really holds
me happen
okay okay I think what fertilize but
when that detailed bill arrived to 76
plus 769 107 or which area called this
is why to extend OPM to calling in iam
me Florida
I got hurt I thought I was calling 9-1-1
number four nine one one is 901 I got
confused and my defense in the history
of the entire universe no child who has
been asked whose phone number is on
there detailed bill has told the truth
it just never happened here's the thing
about phone companies right
they make these commercials that are all
like now introducing our newest plan
unlimited talk and text for only $45 a
month Wow reliable unlimited affordable
unlimited fast unlimited call your booth
texture boo thanks your boo without any
limits and there you go when you're $45
one phone bill motherfuckas great up the
hardest thing you will ever learn in
life is that unlimited is never really
unlimited what they really mean is
unlimited up to 100 megabytes like home
that sounds like a Linda unlimited after
5 p.m.
unlimited but within key kilometres of
your house yesterday by step plan like
that when I was younger when calls were
free within a certain radius of my
health yeah Oh making calls just like
heal so how's the weather in Miami
really you I gotta call you back
and whatever expensive phone bill I got
my dad called this 100% of the time
hello yes I'd like to cancel my phone
plan please yes cancel no that's okay do
cancel okay it's to except I can't
afford you know too many extra charges
and this process included some key
sentences mmm judge you know people at
belt they give me better deals I've been
loyal customers 15 here okay you know I
talked to somebody last time from your
company and they telling me next beer
free so check my file check my file
my daddy and cancelling nothing okay
this is the monthly bluff that goes down
my dad's on the phone and they're like
Joanne the goddamn camera oh hello
fellas it's over it's canceled honestly
not truly unless you can give me some
sort of discount on my bill and I'm sure
some white dude in Ohio just sitting on
the other line like Lord Krishna please
help me deal with this customer
I make them fall in a ditch but you're
not Hindu yeah well Jesus is always busy
with exorcisms and I think this is the
only religion that karma works in no and
you like that video actually click the
thumbs up and let me know that's harder
to make more videos like this well I
think my last favor is my dad or
wrapping all around the world bloopers
for this video right over there quick
subscribe this is to make new videos
every Monday and Thursday one love
superwoman that is a wrap and you'll see
