where in the world is superwoman today a
malaysia and i actually just landed
after an 11 hour flight so bear was a
girl who ever wants a girl superwoman
and i've got a lot of flights during my
tour which means I've watched a lot of
movies on these flights especially
romantic comedy why because I love to
rub salt in my single wounds
well whatever salt is left over after my
tequila shots I never found out watch
romantic comedies I find myself asking
the exact same question every single
time and that is where do these people
exist in real life
these movies set unrealistic
expectations and to be honest and open
me right up in the following way number
one apology so I wanted to movie the
other day and this dude said something's
so whacked to his wife but you different
vocalize that she's upset your anonymity
let him know one bollocks if you don't
know I'm not intelligent type situations
but as an audience member you know she's
pissed so she comes home from work later
on and I'm just like yeah damn Gina is
about to be in it
she's about to get what I'm there
waiting for the drum and then all of a
sudden she's like gives her a hug and
kiss and it's like babe I'm so sorry
about the comment I made earlier and
nails exactly why she's upset I'll sit
in their life is this a movie or a
spiritual awakening nobody just not
serving from trust I get some what about
the walk for the first goddamn god what
is this miracle eponymous for the more
how do you get him that whipped here I
say what is this beautiful wimp thank
you you sure your wife Renee Miss Cleo
that was your first day of preacher
reading like girl what is going on
because I cannot think of even one guy
in the history of my life where a boy
apologized to me for something without
me telling him exactly why I'm upset
because that's not possible KB type of
humans throughout exist let's one go
speed dating ever in Hogwarts
that's not an option if I ever had a guy
apologize to me
so accurately without me telling him for
a game of mother effing pictionary
exactly what was wrong I would just be
like thank me
not to mention the ease of the apology
in the movies just like I'm sorry okay
that's okay I love you I love you too
boom sexy in my life thus far it's gone
like this we fine I'm sorry she was so
mad she said I'm sorry I'm sorry just a
word you want a 90-day probation and you
off you're showing me effective
communication and high functioning
adults like that issues attainable stop
telling me lies okay ain't nobody
parents got around that good when they
were going to tap that cup example and
do that telling me all types of trash
show hi yes my favorite free a two
number two grand gestures in romantic
comedies people especially guys are
willing to do the grand life-changing
gestures for the sake of their
relationship like I'm gonna quit my job
for you move across the world for you in
a heartbeat right you've got something
really important to me and it happens 45
minutes into the movie so once again I
must ask how I was kind of boyfriend for
two years okay and this mother effer
would not even share his poo can dine
for $9.99 McDonald coupon with me and
that issues for two people it was the
perfect oh yeah I'm gonna take a true
Big Mac combo and then whatever she
wants what's that yes for pay exactly
the speed of commitment in these moves I
get your transom a story in a condensed
format Oh y'all I'm moving in after two
weeks two weeks it took me 10 months to
give my boyfriend my Netflix password
just like boom I don't know if this is
worth my $14.99 subscription yes I don't
rush into things
lord I love you I love you I just am
really particular about the continue
watching section and I know if I'm going
to sacrifice the mother-effing accuracy
though
number three family first impression in
romantic comedies your partner
confidently shows up the first time they
gotta meet your parents looking on the
point they've got a gift they're
responding so boldly there's a bond calm
in real life though when people meet
parents for the first time okay they're
sweating buckets and saying all the
wrong things I was introduced my
boyfriend to my parents who I
she lied about that he was just a friend
and you know what he said to them he
said oh yes I drink occasionally
occasionally we were 15 years old what
the heck you mean you drink occasionally
when you're 15 you're meeting my parents
you say no I drink apple juice from a
juice box what we can catch and talk
about a pokemon snap my Belko shoes that
light up are you no are you no are you
no are you no are you dumb and I've had
other boyfriends that are so nervous
when they meet my parents that they
don't even say a thing
they're completely silent exams like
surprise mom and dad he's actually a
goddamn mind yeah we communicate in sign
language is a real special we actually
met in the club yeah I thought you were
just whipping in a name but apparently
he was asking me out and I say God every
day and I understood his whip you could
even say it was up number four adulting
have you ever noticed in romantic
comedies that people are super
independent at the tender age of like 24
you think 23 24 you looking like grown
adults okay just one fitted soup with
our life together in CEO type position
and you see these people and you're like
what am i doing life wrong because a
real life 24 year old don't know what
that s they're doing they 24 year olds
are still puking after a night out
because they haven't figured out their
tolerance yet 24 year old ability or
what am I supposed to do with this
degree in real life 24 year old are
still saying things like when I grow up
I want to be and I watch these movies
and these people got their lives all
sorted out it's a mere 90 minutes and
I'm like girl I'm 28 and I'm still like
what the hell am I getting my period I'm
all here writing Instagram captions
asking my friend how to spell the word
schedule so come on you're sitting on
the floor next to an outlet because my
phone is dead okay my life is in
shambles
I'm clueless okay I have not a single
poo I'm standing here like yeah okay I
think the maid murdered her in the
living room with the wrench and everyone
else is like we're playing Monopoly
number five the sexual intercourse it
romantic comedies everyone is so
confident when it comes to sexual
intercourse I get it
you're hot actors you have the benefit
of like angles and light
and post-production but even still y'all
are always ready no prep needed that
you're telling me character a that you
means had just random hookup with a guy
and your bra and panties are matching
know your issues smooth and exfoliated
girls are today on Tuesday my calendar
would be blocked from Friday to Monday
in preparation I'm out here on the
weekend googling body scrub it's filling
my bathtub with honey and grapefruit and
they're doing this movie suspension on
their over probably look over time you
bumped into someone to try to get city
where they didn't even feel the need to
the wet wipe and you look like that
naked bare my self-esteem please mila
kunis okay because i'm the type of homie
echo shade and lotion half over legs if
you wearing capris why cuz i was your
trainer surprise JK i am surviving I'm
out here conquering like a buff this
seems like a good segue that Brad two
more stops left of my boss book tour
here and Malaysia on the 23rd is well
then you can still get tickets on
lulu.com slashed or my last stop on this
24th is in Singapore and you can get to
get the same place last to stop thank
you so much for the support this part I
just broke tried to cover it up but yo
come to my choice you want to come to my
try that's on I say there's go to the
end card I just have this videos for 11
hours on a flight I hope it made you
laugh if it did please give me a thumbs
up because that would just make my day
you can check out my last video right
over there welcome on tour right over
there makes you scratch because I make
new videos every Monday and Thursday
from somewhere in the world one love
superwoman that is a wrap and
