where in the world is superwoman today
eight melbourne-australia whatever one's
a girl superwoman do you want to be a
youtuber yes do you want lots of views
uh-huh
but you can't afford a puppy no don't
have a relationship to publicly flaunt
no haven't figured out that rash yet
what have no fear
welcome to my tutorial how to make a
challenge video today we are going to
learn how to make a video by eating food
wait
will people actually watch that yes step
1 be from a place and then get food from
a different place I am from Canada and
here I have snacks from Australia egad
that's to read the labels as if the
words are super complicated and foreign
for dramatic effect to move to moccasins
the sorry - tren ceramic cups oh sorry
Tim Tams the most irresistible chocolate
butter nut squash no but butter bubble
butt knit a white bits coolie up stop
biscuit must be Australian
don't you have biscuits in North America
yes
yep three take a bite and exaggerate how
put everything face okay I'm so nervous
here goes nothing oh thank me with this
candy this candy is my woman crush
Wednesday I would break my insta theme
to post a picture of this biscuit this
candy is so sexy it's candy Johnson this
candy module makeup transformation this
candy should be an app on my phone
because I have a candy crush on it oh my
god yes for try another smack and
exaggerate how bad it is
bonus points if you pretend to throw up
and Zack bubbles Bob Marley's put booze
Luka oh sorry
biscuit must be Australian here goes
nothing Rosa but hidden is bit squeeze a
sweet all sugar what that happens like a
water how much is that so weird and
foreign aren't those completely normal
ingredients yes
six-five repeat steps 3 & 4 while
zooming in and slowing down your
reactions to show just how hilarious
you are boost I don't know about this
what is that what is this milk I've
never heard of it Oh perfect you and
Zack biscuits are so good that's six
pose for a dramatic thumbnail that
communicates just how risky and daring
your video is Jimmy hold us here okay
that's seven create an enticing title by
using this formula pick one word from
each category number one drinking number
two please no more three Peggy's
drinking strange pansies perfect and
there you have it how to make a viral
food challenge video Willy
what was the challenge part yes
no this was a sarcastic parody video
don't come for me I know a lot of the
creators you watch and by the way lots
of creators I'm friends with mix these
types of videos get whatever floats your
boat no judgment but I personally just
find them hilarious and I think we're
all mature and cool enough for me to
make fun of them so yes they are real
pops in these videos nothing you ever
tries like that bad like how bad could
this stuff actually be indoors like it
smells so bad
yo hope you enjoyed that video if you
did give it a thumbs up and let me know
what to make more videos like this if
you didn't know I'm on tour almost done
tour my next stop is New Zealand's n
Malaysia and then Singapore if you want
tickets releasing book.com slash tour is
where you can go last video vlog make
sure you subscribe because I make new
videos every Monday and does it one love
superwoman that is a wrap end
