yeah what's up with the shirt you're
doing burrito cosplay yeah yo you might
want to shave again I'll in the
straighter than your lineup yeah
look at your hair man look like Rapunzel
no way not a baby I why can't you finish
it why can't I finish you sound like
your girlfriend when she talking to you
at least I have a girlfriend okay
you only bet you've gotten your calendar
is your next period bed alright yeah you
know you're right right May 24th what
about you are we other things yes or no
no no I skipped this month just like
your views hi okay true but more my
views a problem the same places your
puberty yeah
you're my packages like this big the
package is so small your girl has to use
a tracking number to find it oh yeah
yeah I know what your mom died last
night yeah what'd you say about my mom
yeah take it easy if you want to go
let's go oh oh come on mama
we're talking my mama no no this is the
joke I'm saying around it would snap and
it doesn't projects you know serious
things is a game on up with I'm more
tuned for you're handcuffed so watch how
you speak on my name you know find out
goodies okay come over real quick you
got problems
you know what the app okay cool your cue
music
the Wi-Fi isn't working so can you reset
the router for me real quick make sure
you keep it on plug for five seconds
one Mississippi two Mississippi three
Mississippi four Mississippi five
Mississippi your Wi-Fi still not working
you only got one shot to seize
everything you ever wanted the patience
the right way your mama's so fast that I
took one picture from my phone and I ran
out of storage and it was 64 gig your
mama skim soy from try to invade it oh
say can you see your mama's so fat that
when your parents are banging your dad
has to over it from one body part to the
next
well I use my promo code you have your
mama's so ratchet when she shows her
home video she lies down to
WorldStarHipHop oh yeah your mama's so
stupid she thought chance the rapper was
a lottery ticket hmm
your mama's so hairy with you slap you
you got carpet burn oh hey what's all
the be hearing your mama so ugly that
face to charger over time your mama so
ugly yes you made Kanye West go east to
avoid her there's your mom bang your mom
is so big that she walked past the TV
and I miss season two of the show
your mama's so stupid that she tripped
over the Wi-Fi slightly working yeah
your mama's so dumb that she thought
next next with movie for spiders the
mama so stupid that she pressed face
time to try booking a facial oh hello
your mama's pee so yellow they got
casted as the boss in the reboot of
Magic School Bus
hi your mama's cooking so bad that you
made a homeless man start fasting her
wretched jess dumped sometimes said
maybe but the cooking no
my cooking so good that your bed just a
slide into my BMW so fact that Simon
Says touch your chin and you said which
one Oh your selfies are so scary when
people see them they die in a seven days
your skin so dry that Coachella take
place on your back you were such an ugly
baby you had to use a clicker bed to get
your mommy to breast the video aunty
please stop you're embarrassing me
get out.get okay that's right
thanks for having my back mom Lily you
grounded or you are getting your smooth
in my heart get up scared everybody duck
the kids it's like little like that you
like fish China y'all who do it that
video if you're taking a big thumbs up
I'm in the Philippines right now I'm on
tour hello easy book.com passport wanna
see me just last video right over there
check out the bloopers to this video
right over there make sure the person I
give you the reminder is X one love
superwoman set is erupt and
