guess what I my new Apple computer to
watch them I thought you went to go get
a blackberry I did and then I also buy
Apple computer you said you won't be
terribly - this time I got them and then
I buy Apple computer and Apple Computer
when TV said you wanted ad and I did and
then I also buy a - computer I thought
you wanted new notebook okay calm down
I don't wanna spend that much money on
props that watch you buy a new computer
you oughta know so good not because of
this one have calendar application they
all do well whatever the MacBook Air is
no no Nike is Apple Computer that's the
installation guys I'm on Instagram in
someone driving small Simpson faces
under my post maybe they have wrong
number something right there
that's where we want a shelving unit all
right I shouldn't be a problem let me
just open my computer and show you some
example pictures all right Lily what it
mean when somebody says slide into my BM
it means direct messages slide into
direct message okay alright there's a
photo album somewhere here no that's not
right let me let me start over
did you want to handle that or no that's
okay just finding my bearings in my DM
somebody sending me eggplant a picture
they must be vegetarian oh I like
eggplant - mom block them do you want to
set up to follow my new computer already
planning our next vacation
alright let's try again here oh here it
is lo-lo's Anja collections years you
know next too much lemme go Packers
Iria okay I really don't need to see an
example pictures I just want a basic
shell basic no I know let's just show
you on our on a webpage that one of
those on and we just get into the
internet here the bottom geez I'm going
to change pressure in Reuben my computer
hold on to something or you monkey to be
careful okay
and airdrop look sad airdrop is a way to
send files to people that are close to
you I see okay let me send a file to me
but um send the eggplant picture okay
here we are
yeah this is our website we've got our
featured shelf here mix all these apps I
don't see any fire dropping yet new iOS
available how'd they get my bloody
number huh okay that's a phone update
mom can I just purchase your basic
shuffle ease up a bit
No thank you again I'm fine with current
date I don't want virus busy it may
first jealous oh I know by airdrop no
working I didn't turn on cloud okay
cloud can look pretty sunny don't I just
put your credit card information into
our system here oh here we are here we
are
would you like to back up your computer
okay then Millie how do I get a calendar
application we can find Google let me
just start off Wendy either airdrop in
Google I don't have Google
I have photo booth we will that work
photo booth
yeah that's the one that has the example
picture airdrop that to me but indeed I
have hot spot on my computer we don't
need to talk anymore
quick nobody ha no but it's out over
there another word from anyone about
technology good you me Google ok Google
please log in through the Google home
and please be quiet
thanks so much for watching this film
project of ours wanna see the last
internet videos right over there the
last V log right let me shake your head
and click that subscribe button because
apparently this is a job that people get
paid for do us so go ahead and do that
every Monday and Thursday we're over
here and uh
