today on became night wonderful don't
dog no fees good morning everyone we
just woke up we're in our fort
we'll give you a tour
after we get Easter baskets we're not
fully awake though let's go look ready 1
2 3 let's go find them oh it's so bright
out here here we go we're just gonna do
this really fast one two now you know
how about this you get this one either
this one
yeah how about we get to look through it
first and pick out what we want happy
Easter y'all oh those are my favorite
Oh Finders Keepers why I want to see
what you got
white light apparently I'm getting too
close to her my my my my every eggs of
course don't eat that one
you'll get hair in your mouth for
popcorn
what tapes expensive all right well the
last things are cookies fruit snacks
graham crackers and smoothie bars an
Annie's little stuffed animal is a bunny
Hailee's is up heat we're gonna get this
Easter started my children are doing
school again today yay scissors we're
gonna have some breakfast we can't talk
about school until after 12:00 that's
the rule what are you doing at school
okay so church and then school we won't
even start talking about school until
noon is that the deal okay yeah exactly
just do it now all right so that's the
plan for the day guys and if you didn't
tune into yesterday's video yes we did
Easter eggs we dyed Easter eggs they go
Easter Bunny steal them no I'm sure they
got putting their refrigerator last
night daddy cleaned up
all right so it's breakfast time
we'll be back a little bit Happy Easter
okay
good morning Easter we're doing school
no and yeah that's it we're in mommy's
bed we want to get school done quickly
so we can have the rest of the day yeah
let's do it I'm already almost done with
one week I'm not even close to being
done I disturbed it I did a half a week
uh we have up to four weeks of
everything you have to win one week of
everything what yep
so bye-bye we're gonna go do it one two
three and we put the heart thing on me
paint on your freckle put a burn holes
that computer here candy the camera is
really scary I mean well up and out what
is your problem
wait okay don't make that face
wonderful don't doc no fees no but cold
you got a little thing Alex key yet if
mines skull faded you watch yourself
yeah okay
how's it going not today
no student if they continue to do a good
job like they've been doing then we
might take them somewhere and he's
suggesting a facial but we'll see
somewhere after school tomorrow to
celebrate four days of hard school it'll
be three for you I think because she did
school the day before and you didn't so
that's the plan yeah yeah I paused it
too long TV's back on I guess I gotta go
watch it what are we so excited about
hey leave something here no threat for
the day tomorrow we're back at it I did
oh my honest child Haley all right all
right so you guys we have done so well
helping each other out and staying
focused on school these last three days
I've spent days and days and days of
school hungry and they have gotten three
weeks done
three weeks done in the last three days
well Haley got two weeks done because
she doesn't do school the first game for
the lighting well then come over here my
hair is something so now I guess they're
gonna do some makeup together yes and
the day is gonna continue how do you
guys feel it's only 240 if you guys
would do this every day but not as much
you guys could I just I'm just very
proud of you guys I just I got nothing
okay daddy looks like he's sleeping on
the couch feel good it looks like a bog
didn't you attempt to do a freckle did
it work out for you no yeah look at it
yeah look at it come here so I punched a
chair mommy look at it look at it see
the radio she's coming over you're like
this I don't shove demonstrate
my son and that's it there's the story
I'm about to do my makeup okay so we are
taking turns playing for at night hailey
does not work she know where she's going
this is our first time I play I make
cookies there's they look / fat so we're
gonna eat
we're gonna play for tonight and yet you
want to taste it did you taste it
no but they are like absolutely right
perfect y'all don't even understand say
yeah how perfect she made these hey
we've got 39 people uh yeah you want a
cookie no why are you shooting because
people are gonna hear you and then
they'll come for you don't blow me off
oh you're fine you're fine
we really don't know or doing we're just
pretending if she gets a kill oh that's
your team what the heck are you doing
sorry don't use me thank you
how do you like watch her win there let
me put it back together
nope what's not nope because all right
guys we'll be back when we're a little
bit more organized I need backup on
there so he suppers it yeah and your gun
at them no don't you just aim wow my god
Stebbins Roxanne you don't get killed by
the bunny killed you it's a bunny
want a cookie she's built a little buddy
who's here who's this curly so bad
they've never knocked I rang the
doorbell
should I keep going you're tight okay
twenty people left
okay anybody zero kills that's cuz you
haven't seen anybody yet you're in this
art now okay okay what happens in 59
seconds so you're gonna have to leave
you're a little how she built this is
crazy
why do you want to get out could you
want to go actually try to kill somebody
yeah well how'd you look at all the
stuff she has she picked it up and it
said super rare
whoa whoa that a sniper he's a sniper
well she's a sniper sniper gun right
yeah how did you do that 18 people 17 oh
my god she's an expert you are it no I
don't think you're gonna win no offense
she is a fortnight expert I feel like
you should have been yeah using your
sniper thing no I think you should oh
you have to go though circle to 16
people who's that in the circle Oh with
red means I mean it's gonna give out
hurry
I think you fell out hurt yourself
Oh
okay Oh snapchat who is a nanny
it's her favorite game it's too serious
to play right now
don't fall oh my gosh oh oh are you
gonna get over there
we found all the people and I did my
makeup the mermaid is April fooled April
let me see
it's like a mermaid anybody sparkly
that's your impression of a mermaid so
we are just hanging out an Annie's messy
room and happy makeovers and doing all
kinds of girly things so that's really
exciting I've had my makeup done two
days in a row my face just needs a break
make my you could give me a facial
please look at her face how could you
say no to that cute little please okay
yes really look how cute she is
hi and welcome to the question of the
day and there's still a sparkle in my
eye but I want my makeup off so great so
granges question of z-day is what sure
what's gonna book my favorite book is
actually um ivy and bean my favorite
book is bridge to the Terabithia yeah
there's no rich what is this Terabithia
so I well I read the book and then I I
didn't finish it and then I watched the
movie I want to liked that she's
massaging my leg with a foot I liked the
movie so so I read I read the beginning
of the book and then I watched the movie
cuz I got bored what is it about right
it's about huh
what is it about the bridge oh wow so
don't forget to comment below cuz me you
want to know that question of the day is
what's fair book yeah to celebrate life
based on baby
thanks for watching
Britt Ailee
