today I'm Bailey who's been driving her
nut
what she's most excited for why okay so
what we got going on is daddy's pushing
children we are gonna go grab a quick
bite to eat for some lunch
andis cleaning out her purse we're
showered and ready then we are gonna go
do some laughs she cut herself at the
razor for the first time they're gonna
do some last-minute Christmas shopping
and we're gonna get like you know
Santa's cookies she's going to some
Christmas shopping for you on Christmas
Eve yeah it's not gonna come well
eventually I hope it will Hayley doesn't
even care that it's late you could just
get her something while we go today
we're going alright anyway back to what
I was saying we're gonna go to Target to
get some last-minute Christmas stuff
it's Christmas Eve were gonna come home
and make Christmas Eve dinner and then
tomorrow we're going somewhere special
American Eagle oh my gosh please help
her is she is she buying stuff for her
her Christmas
she's like Christmas Hey daddy bought
himself a dog that's true so this year
um you know only Christmas presents
they're getting her from Santa mommy and
daddy didn't buy them I think we bought
them like one or two like little things
but they get so much throughout the year
Annie and all her gift cards see my
point exactly
all right well enough of that Annie this
is how she cleans her purse out doesn't
pick it up she will pick it up and then
we're leaving to go away for a couple
you know what I mean I already explained
it I'm not going to explain it again
we'll see you later
hurry up for a while and Annie is still
shopping white phone cases but you've
been looking at marble and I like oh
that one's cracked alright she's she's
shopping for herself now she wants a
marbled phone case
so I think I'm gonna tell you you can't
order anything else so that I think you
hey I only heard it one day and it was
$20 but it's Christmas which you should
be buying Christmas presents for people
it's like spirit of giving not receiving
about a dog here so find your first hour
thing that again so we decided to walk
to lunch because a today a beautiful day
I miss my puppies - and then we're
walking to Target loss oh yeah Oh watch
your step no don't touch it
all right so that's what we're doing
right now I feel like we're in New York
City when I see this like scaffolding
yeah because I had a lot last time we
were in New York this is all over the
place it's our Christmas Eve run it's a
new tradition we go here nuts here okay
you just turned it on to do it
super entertaining he says like that
jumping at the you need over dangerous
yeah she said it to be open on Christmas
if she fell she wavered open and she
wanted you to open this that was her
words right now it's not ice cream
really
but you are what you need raw chicken
mashed potato
you're a mashed potato now new potatoes
alive I'm getting my bag
she just got down with target success
last-minute shopping
now you get to go home and enjoy them I
thought it was a mannequin and then it
started moving
we need Minutemen no it looks like
you're doing something though the
mannequin I was like oh that's a cute
mannequin and then sort of moving and I
just got back from Target and I couldn't
resist
I know yesterday's video I said we were
doing things a little differently and I
wasn't doing the Christmas pajamas but I
couldn't break tradition at first I was
like yeah no big deal
as I couldn't sew at Target I snuck away
and got some Christmas pajamas
they're upstairs so they can't hear me
we are home for the day
and we got little gifts where we're
going tomorrow we're gonna bring gifts
and I decided to go with well we made a
little movie basket to like popcorn in
it we haven't made it yet but we got
popcorn and we got a movie and we got
like movie theater candy and then we've
got these and that's what we're taking
from gift stay tuned to see where we're
going tomorrow want to put these in here
hopefully this will be okay overnight
what do you guys think something with my
room well it's gonna be in the
background of course so I need to clean
that do something ready okay all right
we're good in the holiday spirit
what are we making does this have a name
uh yeah it is saltines and brown eyes
but it's it's basically saltines and
brown sugar with chocolate on top really
sounds delicious
so Annie has done her room tour that and
it's edited is it upload LibDem okay
I'll help you with that Haley has clean
her room oh yes
so do you want to open it now you want
page well it's not wrapped so I'll get
you that present now and we'll open
presents later cuz it's gotta be dark
when we open presents
it's Christmassy I'm gonna go get her
the present that Paige got her if you
guys didn't know if you didn't tune in a
couple days ago this is what Paige got
Haley all right Thank You Paige tell
Paige thank you you know she's gonna be
so excited cuz she wasn't sure he had
everyone ready
it's not wrapped you must have told her
you're like please don't order one like
you've ordered enough it's all right
sighs right this should be paid you did
good skates and a marble cell phone case
what do you mean yeah it's Christmas
present when I got mine I was like oh
she's gonna go yeah all right well
that's your update this evening this Abu
afternoon what kind of on to the evening
now it's 4:00 that's almost evening I
feel like five is evening four and five
butter for cooking Christmas Eve dinner
I'm gonna go back in Haley's room and
try to help her finish
I just want to double-check what about
your pops off get to get a new one yeah
this really cute one oh I have a rock
your hair pop socket that's fine awesome
mirror selfies let me say it's beautiful
lots of notifications it's all about the
mirror selfie chocolate and something
salty and sweet and salty that's all I'm
gonna say and I don't know what they're
making over here oh this is the brown
sugar they're starting with dessert
you can help I'm gonna go check your
room wouldn't what's wrong with it
Phil if you already filmed a room tour
how did you film a room tour you filmed
around the mess it's getting better it's
getting there it's getting I've gotta
send the vacuum in yeah your lip gloss
is a little out of hand and yes yes you
guys are not imagining Haley's shirt is
on backwards
she did it on purpose you need a plain
checkered shirt is that what you need
apparently never made this before you
just dumped it over oh my gosh I'm
scared huh Fred no they said it
basically was kind of spread out is it
yeah the old one I mean the new one like
yes you found it thankfully there we go
wow that looks delicious
are these still gonna be crunchy no
they'll be coming from stuff I put on
top of really well the nails are falling
off but they're but they're pretty long
they're starting some new traditions
here in LA different desserts some of
them some of our traditions are the same
carrying on over like opening a couple
gifts on Christmas Eve a little bit
different tomorrow when we go somewhere
we don't normally go anywhere on
Christmas Day stay tuned
Wow okay so this is the time where we
all boss our children around and make
them unload the dishwasher and that's
what we're doing right now how are you
gonna reach those now there you go so
they're doing a little bit of teamwork
Haley is still on skates that's how
skilled she is oh oh this is gonna end
badly poorly uh whose idea was this no
no I said please download the dishwasher
whose bright idea was it to get on the
counter or do it with your roller skate
phone so where are we doing dinner and
then presents or presents and then
dinner it is dark and that's my only
rule on Christmas Eve is that it has to
be dark it gets dark early everywhere in
the United States at this time of year
what that's a fact oh we missed the
longest day of the year so what now the
days are getting no we missed the
shortest day of the year now the days
are getting longer and it was like a
21st or something right whatever their
first day of winter is those are not
that sharp so I I think you're okay just
don't get near the hot pot in those
skates okay so we've got some presents
wrapped I'm sure everybody can guess
what this is so they get to open that
tonight and these are some presents from
some family and these are their
traditional presents
this I think everybody can guess what it
is
don't say it because in case they didn't
all right so stay tuned Oh where's Annie
I can't find her anywhere all right now
load the dishwasher guys is it unloaded
because when you're done unloading we're
gonna load Annie yeah hey can you guys
load the dishwasher like that I
challenge you to do it whatever makes it
fun with one hand and the camera I do a
lot of things while holding a camera I
don't know what to film sometimes I'll
film the one that's still doing what
she's supposed to be doing yeah you
thank you good choices in life sometimes
I just met her she's in roller skate all
right guys we'll be back when it's time
to open some prayers
back up and present someone can't wait
yeah it's Christmas Eve boom
Annie wants to save all her presents and
Hailey wants to open them all wait till
everybody's done eating we got another
another plate
first a knee has been dying to open this
we all know what it is
she knows what it is okay penguin next
it's from Mama Haley wants to open no I
got an e stuff in the other section I
didn't even know if those were really
technically pajamas but I feel like
there's wall advance all right now
she's been driving her nut this is what
she's most excited for now she's gonna
make cake awesome Mary's mirror selfies
melfi's all right open the other one too
so then you guys can make Christmas
cookies and your Christmas jammies want
to know what's funny
those are many pants Minnie Mouse but I
thought they looked Christmasy and the
top was missing so I got them for half
off so I kind of just put things
together that really didn't go together
do you have another one Hayley to open
I'm hanging on the tree it doesn't it's
from mum as well I think whole tree is
gonna come down like that tree the one
we wanted they didn't have
Haley can you look at the camera at
least what okay thank you mom thank you
can I step over there
no we gotta make Christmas cookies no
we're not doing new your question today
this is like yeah the pajamas right for
me but mom got you all the stuff Scoob
back scoot back I want to see your feet
sees one we're not gonna make a mess
don't worry what kind is this I want to
try the s'mores kind now we're gonna
make Santa's cookies and maybe watch a
movie Christmas movie hmm okay just keep
this Christmas Eve moving me so it's
just a casual day much I'm just scroller
skating have bajamas on about what
movie's gonna get some cookies on my
face nest just in everyday life and as
you can see this is just my face I
I really appreciate oh I get it
I got it I got it pretty just amazing oh
gosh
this is my face no mommy how do you feel
about my face daddy how do you feel
about my face yeah I know her young
country and make Christmas cookies
this has to stay on 215 sub Belle kind
of stings on my face but I think it's I
think it's doing something it's getting
on my face things I'm doing something
it's moving to the time to rub my Faizal
it's kind of weird
she's gonna scare me she's good and when
you have to take your face mask off it
means wrapping presents of mine for you
we're recycling boxes when I'm standing
right the right next turn but you don't
know what's in the box so she brought
the box out you know your Christmas
presents for her or in my room are you
get this no you can go get them are you
going to wrap them there next to my
dresser on the other side mm-hmm so
they're wrapping each other's presents
how's it going where's the box the same
box that I wrapped your stuff in my
battery's dying that means we had filmed
a lot today I'm gonna switch the battery
weird go I did I always watch it every
morning I'm gonna switch this battery
we're gonna watch the Santa Claus
cookies are made for Santa those are
mine
and Andy did a great job and we'll be
back after the movie for a question of
the day and to tuck these girlies in bed
because since is coming so it is
Christmas well I cannot wait for
tomorrow's you're gonna drop that on
your head I can't believe it's two
they're like it's called my so fast like
that's so sad that it's like already
tomorrow
whoa oh yeah we made cookies and stuff
so question today is what is this your
baby bringing you got for Christmas ever
like ever mine is probably we got a
sewing machine one yeah that was last
year yeah Oh mine was a bicycle oh yeah
I was like six I came down the stairs
it was like um oh wait I have a second
one go I got this mini car it's like one
of those like big mini cars
big many cars for like people and you
there's two seats and I got a purple one
help it's like on the truck
no not jerk of a car but I only
have two see I remember driving it and
do like trees and stuff I know so don't
don't forget moving down below guys we
wanna know what you got for Christmas
number two celebrate baby thanks for
watching for tailee
