time for my hello God so right now I'm
going to do that mr. Lee I'm a cute
little bag and don't act up looks like
you're gonna ride your skateboard to
domestic yeah I see your moobs seriously
seriously seriously all right you know
how to kick it up oh do how to fall off
the skateboard check safety roll show me
your safety role that you learned in
gymnastics I wondered that works in
skateboarding they learn very early on
not to put their hands down if they fall
because that could lead to a broken arm
alright so same thing with skateboarding
don't put your arm down
on hi baby girl she's so funny
you forget to the puppy Oh
funny handsome yeah cute all right I'm
gonna bunny thing in my little pocket
get any more cool moves before we head
out on your skateboard maybe what let me
see okay so you're gonna push off on me
sigan weed helmet and we need knee pads
you do I would stink to get moved into
level 2 and then break an arm push board
nice you're so colorful I love this
outfit so you ready to go three-hour
gymnastics
watch and I really hungry so me
and now I'm gonna do school and then
swimming yes we have a plan right you
have like four classes left right so
your summer starts this is your last day
but we didn't quite finish before
gymnastics so she's gonna eat to school
I'm gonna take a nap and I'm gonna leak
I'm gonna wake me up when you're done
with school I am so tired cuz I had to
get up super early to take a ninja
gymnastics this morning and me well I've
been kind of back and forth you didn't
have to go early but there's Terry out
not super you had a long practice that
you're the longest you've ever had a
practice as you're wondering or Enya's
well she is a with love that's why we
don't talk with food in our mouths yep
she's hanging with live today well what
is she doing I think they would
paddleboarding paddle on a board
yeah through that homie I'm so tired I'm
falling asleep here
all right you're gonna finish school how
do you feel that you get the summer off
now
you get a summer break finally it's been
a long year of school you did half of
kindergarten and half of first grade
yeah you finished up kindergarten this
year and you started first grade and now
it's time for a summer break mmm
what and you're a mess that's what okay
so that's about it well I got I'm going
to take a nap hello how's this first
time we filmed today but except for the
first thing I've been on camera and with
my rib steak for those things I see
anything and in other news besides me
riding around on my gripstic we'll leave
one dog we lost the other one we can't
find another one where you stashing her
but I think I know where
yes so after I put all the food back and
everything we are going to find her so
I'll be right back guys
okay tigress that he's gone but I think
fight for knows what is a so it's your
skateboarding trick I know so I set it
to rest Leo Piper somehow on some light
you fall Haley yeah so powerful that
light us we're going in the yep yep I
don't know if you I said zero that's a
420 - she is with their cage open the
leg out and there's we oh let's get
away from me she knows I'm the better
she doesn't want that so we're just
going to hold hand jeez when you're
being rude okay so mission complete and
Piper founder - you did it Piper yeah
yep you're also look at my hand good job
okay so now it's time to I just hit the
camera with this sorry
oh wait now Oh with that watch be
dropping on my feet Wow Wow what now oh
look look it's kinda late you just gotta
like go with the flow
yeah you go one more time oh just up
this up like okay well Winnie oh I know
it's just in the cage
Oh guys this is
on for far too long come on end it here
a little oh petting pepper the thinker
to name your new nickname PIPA the
thinker so yeah
so you guys like in a few minutes for
you guys a few seconds anyways let's
just having the out thing here being
cinematic view
ah-hah well I did have a good nap until
piper came and licked me in the vase and
woke me up yeah are you on your last
class is that what I heard art and
you're on summer vacation after you do
art that's awesome what do you won uh
pretty much huh my summer starts right
now
no way not yet it doesn't start yet it
hasn't started yet
cuz you're not in the water yo Vinnie
yeah should I you should we do this
every time okay doc don't scream at the
duck Haley what you do do anything
jumped okay we have to try to guess what
disney-themed you are okay princess
I got a guess when you jump okay I'm
gonna go to sleep okay Sleeping Beauty
Sleeping Beauty daddy's head I just got
the princess daddy says a specifically
specific Princess of Sleeping Beauty yes
please beam Beauty okay
one point for daddy
you want to just jump off the raft that
week we can see you better
okay stand up carefully Wow you're not
gonna just jump off the raft you're
going to come up here aren't you yeah
all right do one more and tell me
whisper it in my ear so I get the point
I'm tell me what it is No okay raising
are you nothing to him on the raft are
you just jump in the water
I meant to jump off the raft into the
water so you have to climb up here turn
to me when you jump I can see are you
peddling you're on yeah you're gonna go
underwater
yeah you're gonna try not to okay but
make sure you make the Disney face
that's it okay that's good I'm ready
Mickey Mouse Minnie Minnie Mouse hailey
daddy edited the video from today that
goes up tonight so he saw your epic jump
where you made the landing you stood
right daddy you saw it we're good wasn't
it daddy just woke up she's excited look
he's got bedhead daddy got a steak and
we're gonna let him go daddy
where's Jessica Wilma because he's got a
baby any point guys right now I don't
I smell a con hey we like to catch them
and make sure they're not poisonous and
once we realize they're not poisonous
and we let them go
this is a little guy - Piper all right
you ready yep
the release the snake release the epic
snake release it's not gonna come after
me as anymore okay
sorry Piper now you don't have many
friends in the world but that one just
left will can be to a nigger Cygnet Oh
gasps died
question of the day why is the American
deal in why do I have these eggs and it
suits this segment of gasps dad question
of the day so anyways if you guessed
what is with you baby to you if you get
oh no you didn't get there I know you
can trickery oh my arms over the dance
um just what suck it please if you give
up if you get milk cows or like this is
what you would rather your killer killed
in the career bean milk cows or rope
bulls
so um really don't know which one I
think it must be cowboy pressure Cowboys
do my brother rope the boom
and yeah she's a great thing to do and
uh you know we'll do one more since oh
it is so quick walk dogs or judge dog
shows um and my voice has changed so
much um okay
anyways um yeah so uh uh let's see what
you could do and I don't even know guys
I lost my train of thought completely
walk dogs Oh judge dog joke talent
things yeah I have to say judge dog
shows because did I just get to see them
doing dog shows and being so doggy
telling you guys can you see my face up
okay so um I'm sorry conscription if she
does Lisa will go you guys tomorrow guys
when I see stuff I know I've eliminated
their head Bieber cause they're in a
bone
Caleb come yelling ma mom mom ha
we're getting ready to watch foam so I
thought Caleb to go help his sister make
popcorn far-right cabinet you see your
dog you're sharing the bone family movie
night
why is my auntie bananas little
sleepover to be a nice if asleep do you
mean where's the popcorn Caleb's going
to look for it
far-right cabinet you already looked be
ready for family movie night is how true
family acts guys take notes from my dog
you find the popcorn alright I'll go
find it okay guys so um we're getting
ready about to sit down watch home and
Haley doesn't know what was weird what
the person today is and sohail you are
are you ready okay the rest of the day
is would like Ferb um see would you
rather walk dogs or be a judge at a dog
show
well dogs okay and the other one was
milk cows or rope um I I forget the
other thing rope pigs why not say pigs
okay no cow yeah okay you said the exact
opposite on both things that I said yeah
yeah sorry fault rude the day Haley you
woo
so say by both hand with the other hand
go with the other hand no the other foot
no the other foot thanks for watching
Britt Ailey
