time for makayley hey guys so you guys
remember that time you know 20 years ago
which so long ago nobody really
remembers it because you know I never do
anything bad oh so you guys remember
that time when I lost my retainer and
well today today we were going to back
to pick it up from my orthodontist so
yeah and if I lose this one my mom is
gonna be super happy super happy super
right so yeah happiest the whole wide
sea I guess we'll see you guys in a
second after and you better hope that
your teeth didn't shift yeah so yes
there's no she took there so we wait we
wait in this scary room oh really
scary room I don't know why so that's
the fun room winner yeah oh okay we
gotta set it up there and then go oh
game is a no idea do not shoot Oh Kate
you're Joey no I lost oh I think you see
I have my retainer urge an aye chime
enough guys on my mouth and a little
creepy um so um well now I can tell you
guys a little bit of a secret ah so the
dogs might turn up my temporary retainer
that's why I never had in my mouth as
probably some of you might have noticed
in the videos um so yeah we I was really
worried if he's my not bit and but they
do that's good and of course since I
just got them in I'm gonna be like
having a little bit of a list was it
gold see with my teeth it looks like my
tooth is chipped there see that
and then there there's a little like
that left tooth is a little bit bigger
than the right tooth and that looks like
the only problem with routine theater
well I mean except for all the green
stuff all over it stuff for that and the
yellow yeah that's that's right that's
how I look
I bring something my team it's like it's
just wins like like you know all the
sudden you're sleeping and wake up with
just teeth in your face you always wake
up with these there was the time I live
yeah less people have to be why am i
touching it bill is this gross want to
fill the guns now it's my gums mom
the hair will go
yeah and look gotta number it looks like
I don't really know if that's a number
so fairly I have a number an email
mm-hmm maybe that's why okay I know how
life works now you do we are all robots
yep I am the 1150 first robot Wow maybe
we're not all robots just 11,000 of you
are you robot no no ha ha ha
uh I can't turn my face to cuz I'm
driving I think I'm a robot he goes
wrong
you don't know man I just have a really
big craving for some oil right now some
oil
Voyles no I get it yeah oil is really
good fun yeah on wet food
on your booth yep when you're stiletto
yeah funny
stiletto pizza it sound like a pizza
still really yes stiletto pizza if you
said I'm gonna order some salami pizza I
beat all in with you that sounds like a
pizza a good pizza yes if you agree with
me then dislike this video Caleb
so wait we're gonna get lots of thumbs
up cuz no one's gonna agree with you oh
good job Caleb
you're so pretty
I wanna be handsome
well oh no no no I knew you see what
happened um so guys um I gotta go cry
somewhere else and me crying on camera
isn't gonna get me anywhere so I'm gonna
go cry in the refrigerator because
that's where it's most quiet and I could
just soak about the vegetables don't
talk when the doors closed that's like
the tomato
like Bob from vegetales ah Oh Larry
no not usually they were in the war
oh yeah okay they don't talk much you
know mmm veterans get old and they lost
about in the talk no oh I mean the
really old not all veterans are old know
a foot I'm daddy's a veteran at saying
like from World War one that's when they
went to war we came to target you know
okay ker today is how I say it yeah oh
yeah dude yet save it the aqua
gymnastics and we shopped now we're
eating those hunger dramatics it's a
little after gymnastics
the flash Scarpa straight mm-hmm I love
me a new thing today hmm
hey you got a new stove yeah I got
s'mores Populus s'mores
we got the minis this is the perfect
size for us we got pizza and cake pops
mmm Gus are you good yeah yeah hey 3
right 3 oh my god you ate the rest
wait a minute you were hungry hey I am
thinking yogi if she ate three and I
hate one there's a total of eight oh
eight how's an intense workout huh you
guys did CrossFit work warm up this
morning
no torture torture warm-up whining
torture yourself now that's what's up
you know this trip has turned into a
full-fledged girl shopping may if I've
never been in this candy store we're
surrounded by candy the boys are at
baseball and we've just been like
continued shopping after target we'd
come to the mall we bought a she's young
cuz we want to yeah it was a little bit
of an excuse to not go sit in traffic
we realized we were going to be sitting
in traffic so there's a bug in that
sucker Oh
so the shopping spree is over and is
there no I don't think they can see it
let's do a little glance yeah there's
like Halley's pile she needed some boots
to go with so could we're going to
VidCon so we needed an outfit so she got
some boots to go with several outfits
and he got a pair of shoes and a little
wallet I'm killing my dear Indiana share
very very dirt in the pile actually so
we didn't get all this today I've been
collecting you know I've been trying to
hit the sales - since we knew we were
going to VidCon to get a few extra
outfits but today and he picked up two
shirts show so cute they're so cute
they're like bad really cute they look
better on me than on the hanger yep so
that's our little stash we did a little
shopping and now what's going on yeah
cuz instead of sitting in traffic we
went to the mall but Annie still have a
day of school to do how many days you
have left aside you one today then three
and you're gonna try to do two tomorrow
before Jim how are you're getting so
close and Hayley has four more classes
or four more days after today so she'll
be done at the end of the week and my
little sweet Caleb Oh precious Caleb
he's got a little few more yeah a few a
lot like 15 more days ago probably not
50 all right enough chit chatting
not meeting pure sugar because you got
to do a lot of work to school huh
stay up like it's like you're in college
or something babe
thanks for watching
bratayley
