today I'm bikini time for my TV all
right we gotta film a video so you guys
have to be up locked up you two girls
you were all locked up we've got Katie
here today and all her family and we're
going to do a challenge right Oh daddy
couldn't bring coffee
Oh our little field day challenge is
gonna be way more fun than golfing
all right come on we're gonna go have
field day out in the backyard okay like
I said she can come out I'll grab her
yeah cozy and imaginary defeat go glad
you guys test it up for Caleb we're
lining up short is the tallest I don't
know it may be closed between those two
and I think you might be taller
maybe sighs I can see all your faces
yeah good idea
I don't know no I hate it up like that
and if you're the shade oh you wanted to
shake
this is like the Von Trapp Family
Singers you guys should break out in a
song or something
I like that booty
if you kick like okay let it right like
you're already hot we haven't even
started field so we have here today
Katie what you found right now brennan
brain ryan higa granted a grand
introduction britain is asking for a
grand introduction and like like
fireworks and stuff coming in and who is
brynan i am on the flippin key channel
yeah in Ryan's brother and Ryan's but
this is Ryan
thank you brother yeah I'm canceling I'm
on your brother from a different mother
right long Lofland
okay and what are we doing today so yeah
here because we are going to do okay
he'll because it feels so good yay it
doesn't really go very but anyways today
we're going to film a field day that
Katie come up with and normal you guys
have to go and watch it on eggs
oh yeah quick plug in this mom I do a
chick flick is click on highest baby
that's a pretty big box here
perfect we lock them get out all right
we'll put that right there
your IQ subscribe and like the videos
and go and check out other vids and do
all of that right now I mean after you
watch this video but after this all
right so we're gonna shout your but
I think we're gonna tell you some of the
do some of the best you guys want to
read them all are you dense okay
they have number section but that
doesn't matter okay mmm well I love this
one hold on all right you have to give
you tell me we just have to resemble a
cartwheel before leg race a four-legged
ray okay pillowcase race like one of us
oh hello Hoffy peas
hey potatoes acting chicken Barrow with
rubber chickens yeah okay uh no with
baseball bat twirl where you put your
forehead on the bat but around my name
is baseball player hey know that okay
egg spoon race is your egg gonna spoon
like ready does that balloon toss water
balloon toss like cool at practice I
don't even know what that is
steamroller super fun I'll show you Oh
No wet t-shirt oh that one's gonna be my
favorite piggy back rent real a
wheelbarrow race I'm gonna can't oh no
are we doing like an order okay well
first we're gonna divide in teams okay
these are hey girls against boys Hayley
alright good guys need to come up with
team names ha
team huddle hey can you discuss with
your team team Ryan Villopoto
yeah the massive coral donut donut run
into that Ryan kid cuz I closed a cube
and Brennan it's like Sunday LD B and
then instead of starting a new Brennan
it's re and na n so Kayla Brennan Kayla
Brennan I got it in that Ryan guys I'm
running that Ryan guy got it I love it
though her tongue twisters on every
level
all right the massive korells are nuts I
think all right where's your appropriate
trash-talking tastes better than you do
if you are you gonna let her talk to you
guys like that but no color what color
are you guys yeah no I'm a Scott is like
a blue sea
that's your mascot and on the ride this
kid's our mascot yeah or we could do
like Kevin Brennan bunny together like
this is our this is our not Ryan guy is
our mascot three-headed mascot look at
all the fun props butter we blow them up
with water airplanes when I was young I
called that guy at the DD structure my
dad had it flew his own plane and so
when he would like direct us in I always
caught him the D destructor and I don't
even know what their real name is Jose
dings mmm well no she said I'm gonna
direct the plane in and I called them
the be destructor I don't know why you
can go craft a would she be mad if I
accidentally yes I would yes why yes she
would be mad you should ask of course I
was I would probably be locked in the
basement and not fed for a week to overs
Brennan oh I don't know I don't know
where he went
I think she said the bean bag I mean the
okay I don't know it was so close oh my
god that's gonna be it we've had to
watch it in Surrey Blaine will Camilla
we will watch it now so we know who the
winner is
oh my gosh that was so close okay that's
why we won of course you think that
because they started fourth um yeah
you're why you know instant replay in
you guys the judges where does that go
we are the judges no hands
Chaka's we're measuring for the chicken
to us seven-day 1 1 7 and 3/4 Katie feet
what's a hi it's a tie there's gonna be
a tiebreaker
whoever wins this one gets two points so
yeah okay so what we're gonna do is
we're going to accelerate you're gonna
what them be like dance with me
I got them all right you know it's
unreal okay that's ready break
all right theme roller instructions
again tonight would Brennan Katie and
Ryan like to demonstrate wet steamroller
habit all right right here right
I like this and you rule that way so you
like fall down just what challenge is
next yeah so one that includes water and
totally balloons I don't know they can
guess what that is a little bit a little
bit are you gonna turn it on the right
way lefty loosey towards me oh let's do
this you ready ready
I hear it I think huh okay wait how did
you
twist it no as a whole stop okay that's
not gonna work for their whole little
eggle I allocate the top that holds it
together is gone three four five six
Ryan
seven eight nine ten go go go home run
right girls thought you wanted to hit a
home run
no yeah then it's not gonna be closest
yeah out of the park
we've got another tennis ball nope
yeah it's bear the same bat for
everybody I like that piggyback one on
the sack jumpin and the water balloon
yeah the one you want
Oh sneak peek all right well we're talk
about winning I guess there's a catch I
guess they're just gonna have to go
watch the video to find out who is
winning and losing things
score is 17 three boys 17 frames well 17
is mean look laughs all right you do the
things that are last night
the four-legged radio
the wet t-shirt oh cool yeah yeah yeah
it was a good try
looks like you're all ready I think
you're ready to go I think you guys have
got this especially the boys I think you
guys are ready so Haiti and your
brothers just left and it was so much
fun
they've left their t-shirts the wet
t-shirts are still here that was
probably my favorite
really so anyways while they were here
we oh wait I forgot to say you guys need
to go and check out that video because
it was so much fun and you guys will
love it um a few funny parts one of them
I will tell you and now I'm good until a
funny problem tell you which one it was
the wet t-shirt on it was very funny
anyways and while they were here and um
me and Katie we're on an airplane and
Katie taught me how to do a full well
like because I like a tuck fall because
I don't twist like I don't this like
this twist like this so I'm going to
show you guys
if I can land that I'm landed like
together that's cool I don't know uh
standing oh I don't know I don't know
yeah yeah sure let's get one bat good
good decision okay she can try again
with one bounce nice I think I should
get my phone out so we can post on
Instagram on your throne yeah you see
this so you should be good
no I mean
I'm gonna be tight oh now you're tired
that's good but the pole was in the way
now you have to do number seven yeah
right here cool yes it can be your turn
what are you gonna do back handspring
give me a spot you want a view oh hey
bro we're in just slow one okay just a
really really slow one okay rough and
journals easy up there hats can be a
pair hi
how do you like it you're a little
cleaning little this is work um all
we've done I'm sorry uh-huh and then
we're doing right here then I decided
that the shoes are gonna go team okay
but I sure yeah Oh what why you must be
sneaking up on us I like to sneak up on
you to see what you are doing myself me
oh please Oh can any of these sure I
brought these from the old house just
got to put them in the box so we're
gonna just start over on the box just a
random ones and just probably been
forever since we panties okay okay hey
buddy
okay ready mm-hmm what is your happiest
childhood memory
yep I remember that we're gonna remember
them all hmm a happiest happiest
happiest I don't have one you're a sad
kid I don't really remember it these are
for all the new subscribers out there
who'd never answered this with us maybe
you're just change
okay sliding down that rock rock weight
sliding rock uncle Chris okay I was not
happy though then how was your hobby is
like of it I was scared and then you
were happy our Judah man after I was
like dude again
what could Hayley's happiest moment me
you're mad kid no fast remember well
let's think of a guy remember one Oh
my whole life every moment because I'm
like my family Oh can you think of one
particular time what exactly is a family
and that's it
hmm did you think of one all right going
to Jersey world with my family good one
we've had a fun day you guys should go
and check out that video on Katie's
channel it's Katie
and never get to come down look as we
went have the question today is your
first happy child foot our memory right
no no that doesn't burn first happy
times before me what's a happy with that
childhood memories a baked potato baby
thanks for watching
Britt Ailey
