today I'm bikini and nobody likes me now
I don't make fun of a gig just like a
great time for my cami hi guys so it is
a rainy Saturday morning boy this
morning watch I know what's wrong
it's 11 past so anyways I am doing
school on Saturdays to catch up on some
school of how long we bit off and I am
going after this put my laundry way and
then I'm gonna see if I can do another
day of school dropped you guys hold on
wait there we go and Caleb says that he
has a headache but he's up and bothering
me
uh-huh definitely have a headache
okay look what do you think you're
supposed to go
they're going this is people go into
school go into school Caleb why you cuz
did mommy say you can I have one why is
your hand on the TV remote because
that's my break watching the TV remote
are using and wrapping my foot I'm
filming fireman Mike wrap your foot the
diagnosis is a bruise and she'll be just
fine
we've given her a little cushion that's
it too tight up in Rey vetoes and always
a good way to check is if watch see you
got blood in you too okay see how it's
pink watch and what if i push it turns
white and if it instantly comes back to
red it's that tight nice I think let me
just look the more you know not worried
about straightness we're just worried
about gosh Inez called capillary got all
that there will be a quiz later today
but we're wrapping it so we can go see a
movie and we're gonna eat popcorn for
dinner this is our dinner animal
crackers and popcorn we're not taking
that into the theater don't worry guys
yeah yeah oh he's getting real that
looks like like electrical tape not okay
for the choice yeah no what is actually
sounded smart when I did that athletic
tape hmm better yeah all right
open anymore
don't favorite them if you favorite it
watch it at home use it normal but she
doesn't know she has well see the thing
about it is it will heal properly if you
walk around out of your chairs about
where your bird is won't heal properly
because you're not using your foot
normal just won't fly
look she's am gonna have a question
uh-huh what did you guys learn today
something refill that's how you hop down
the stairs for the hurt foot after every
day yeah oh my gosh this is home cuz her
arms are longer than muscles on like a
linebacker wings been dark but it still
hiring which good you know I got a walk
on her own
so cute what's rainbow what movie is
cute the Ted bear oh yeah that's I
prefer it if you can't you know and then
Ellie told me about it not appropriate
it's not even I would repulse really I
never saw the first one but I know it's
not appropriate it's about a teddy bear
but it's not an appropriate teddy bear
he says things that are not appropriate
daddy daddy bear it's very good it's not
good
we were wondering why the house was so
dark but the generator mr. Mike has a
generator so they're still electric
there you can still get some power in
here so we're going to be filming in the
dark I'll have to turn my flashlight on
so we can see we've got a little lamp on
what happened
oh no the boys are sitting in the dark
these are the Wi-Fi to come home you're
hot
the generator is gonna run the Wi-Fi
that's nice it will run the whole house
your generator cool yo what'd you guys
do wow you brain basketball in his boat
over there a flame flickered off alright
so get off the good aunt and I went
stainless oh that's what happens when
you invite Caleb over yeah you leave you
lose power yeah I usually mmm okay well
I brought pizza excuse me
yeah yeah we brought you food mm-hmm for
me I've needs his breakfast this morning
so come on me he hasn't eaten since
breakfast it's gonna be a party no power
party mmm
bye lantern he eats a Bible and you do
click camping it is like camping it's
much better with people over kids
yeah what if you want a ten yeah he's
got the TV going now it's not like
camping yeah what no my camping trip
nope
yeah you all say tortellini yeah
tortellini good
where's chilly right get out of my house
oh my house why do you run like that
that's Karen oh you are scary that what
I meant
Caleb and area and when we went to the
bull market to pick a right you know
wait yeah yeah to pick a ripe apple and
before he made it to the ripe Apple of
right Apple list he fell into quick said
but before he fell into that mighty old
quicksand he decided to get a pink
cotton kid because blue is just over it
was a salty cotton candy because the guy
made it wrong so yes
oh the words Aldi cotton candy young
yeah my hair no slacking I can say Caleb
isn't yes
they either words to Tony boo market
food market to pick a right now yes
right heavily fortunately fell in quick
Sandra before he fell in quicksand
he got pink on K because Blue Jays over
ear and the guy made it wrong so it was
salted cotton candy and not not just
that he get Ghana Guinea but he got
bacon also yeah baby hey my favorite
good combination okay I Reagan cut all
God's army and this is all t this is a
good lass white with salt because this
is a boy with cotton candy hey Luis how
you say and pause think has makers of
the studio I really sorry is getting
good one tell us a story
caleb is mysterious yep and get weighed
up to the food market a ripe Apple you
know how proportionally you fell into
quicksand Oh
before he went quick fell into quicksand
he bought some cotton candy a big only
because blue isn't bring it yep yep yep
odd um and the guy made it wrong so it's
kind of candy but he also got bacon khon
kaen because Bacon's like amazing thank
you hey I know that's forward so we're
in the quicksand and you got all his
friends together
Oh dawn Jimmy knows perhaps it was
pretty funny I mean he lets our laughing
when his friend Paul psychopath said
kill himself with a screwdriver yep yep
the screwdriver was purple and so with
blood ah alien boo boo ba and the end
thank you me you got the end how do you
know what it's the end because we have
no more no more cards oh that's the end
of the story yeah all right yeah those
in discerning alright then yeah we're
Irish members over the firmest rewriters
well trouble he was a hospital I was
overhead come on that's stupid
okay Caleb we go to link over thank you
really
right on cue and we woke up each Centex
tickle spike and as he was tickling
spike spike started to yodel we already
heard the yodeling yodeling while he was
in bed character in Dora the Explorer's
okay don't assume I know much today it's
much like this game right so so we're
gonna say a word you guys in the
comments Debbie every three to each of
us and you guys the comment section are
gonna finish the story for us we're
gonna add on right after the Explorer
was oh a girl yeah duh and Cheech oh
thank you you all go one day tour
we're looking herself in the mirror and
all of a sudden you hear a scream oh
that was me
Oh God here we go okay I forgot that day
you're looking at me or can repot and oh
but a machine out doing the Explorer
looked in the mirror I know why she
screamed max out your tunes our face
haha not part of the story okay she was
looking at him yet inje heard a scream
so easy scream and she screamed edgy
scream because she saw a marshmallow
okay Liz Oh burn Dora the Explorer uh
looking there I saw screen no she didn't
see a scream she screamed wait she
didn't see scream no well then this
story your blue light is it oh crap okay
so Dora the Explorer look at the mirror
now strangers then uh she's game because
she had a more smile on her face it well
now under facing just small marshmallows
you saw one face and it was more sad
face okay okay
and um so then Dora Explorer saw macho's
bottom lucky I know I'm not good oh
right
I'm welding knit dub marshmallow at a
bottom wait
uh like I didn't were hungry Bob I'm
saying please turn around when hath me
it could be like the bottom of a whole
wish the marshmallow was really really
embarrassed by because you forgot to
wear pants that
and so everything but he didn't remember
to wear shirt because that I've been
just a bit of really weird you guys I
mean I'm more available on a shirt on
whoo good thing you remember to stir
yeah so you didn't wear pants everybody
I see is bottom okay in a really simple
bottom wait who doesn't wear bottoms
right who never thought about a little
has little pants what it's always a
little but you think you know does not
put pants on poo okay then
3:08 face on a rope I was waiting the
Pahlavi when you're trying out wear
pants ooh Dora the Explorer ones in the
mirror one day and she screamed because
she's all a marshmallow with the base
and my dad's it for my pants the
marshmallow sat on a porcupine and he
said ouch and then her letter which I'm
pretty sure the head is in close it with
a little cuz you know yep not if
you sing anymore guys apparently I
forgot that I don't eat juice
so no not edible because I mean they are
non-toxic and all but really doesn't
make an animal I mean why no all right
hope you guys liked today's video
because I sure didn't because it was so
boring and nobody likes me
what up again just like third grade Oh
awesome and fit I'm gonna know about
that seven
even though all giggle about this a bit
bumpy anyways um yeah go get a little
pizza cuz they are so hot and fresh oh
don't forget to add on to our server to
see you tomorrow babe oh babe
thanks for watching
bruh tailee
