time for my Daisy okay we're gonna make
turn and here's her new bracelet I got
them the blue bands the actual bratayley
blue color
we got them specially made yeah let me
you should you should be one they're
like this but just have white string be
is white and gray straight what if we
got them white with blue riding yeah
yeah your sparkles sure I blue ones
those are my fav a potato Danny
flips oh no poor again he's a baby dog
don't really know what's going on here
but the mail lady just dropped up a
gigantic box that Daddy and I it's light
daddy and I have no one sent an empty
box we have no idea what this is
it just shows up the have who it's from
on there I'm scared okay it's kind of
freaky that wasn't it yes because we
didn't order anything
alright yeah
jolly maybe it's a puppy oh yeah
optional one you dog
however I think it's dead okay or
sleeping
Piper's like it's a puppy what does that
weird-looking good job what yeah I think
we're opening upside down but that's
okay
I feel weird pass me more bones for
Pfizer because she's smelly what is that
it's a blanket I'm really confused
but is it feedback I call it no nine oh
it's a baked potato oh that's the butter
move I gotta put it on the right side
out this is the opening to the baked
potato and that's the butter where in
the world did that come from
it's a baked potato I know that's funny
that you're wearing that today where did
this come from
from Ashley it maker it's that's butter
the pillow how in the world did they get
that made oh it's a house of yours they
can go in the basement you call her for
the box was open slow that is so cute
I just want to eat it that is so funny
bacon it's not fully loaded yeah
funniest thing I've ever seen
we should sit by the fire with it the
butter will melt you told you've just
played it like Jamie's birthday we are
out of his head she loves pink pink
birthday I'm good at present and keeping
pic okay okay we've got a plane we beat
me all right we got stay focused we
don't have much time I see pretty much
everything except a pig looky here Leo
don't he's beating us we're even a smart
Katie can you just please start to like
Smurfs even this guy I mean really it's
gotta be a pig okay let's move on to the
next door Oh what's the bed
no it's that big
all right moving out hip next door oh
there's more everything you know it
can't just be any peg it has to be a
cute peg I don't want to get our
ladylike but your impression of an ugly
pig I don't think she'll like these kind
of make-believe Burt we've been in five
stores and either the first pigs we
found biggest took the police we found
them or we can give her bacon Katie how
do you feel about turtles I know we've
had a lot of turtles yeah we found a lot
of everything
a pig except they're sock monkeys but we
are working on Hayley's coat said her
Hansen needs to get higher and she needs
to do her bridge kickover more
consistently so we're coming over work
out before she can move to level two so
we were coming home and we're working on
it
we're working on a tee right are you
doing the handstand are you just doing
the tea all right what wait wait what
did you do this with your hands for
you're like been a hand stay by your
ears big lunge that's it head down wait
her head buzz it down you can't do a
number one her that's it no don't you
drop her bring her back I didn't know we
were scripted Hayley's telling you have
to say oh just draw her here ready what
a handstand beautiful form Hayley nice
job so you just keep working on that tea
and then her handstand will get all the
way up when I do to get you see number
two is in your
Oh show him your kick over cuz I think
she's got it
that was not even the kick over that is
not a kick over come on show it she cuz
she's done she was struggling with her
kick over today but we got home and
she's doing him just fine she's doing
I'm just fine here oh okay
not gonna have enough mat so you're
gonna have to move back and forth excuse
oh you made it mattress dad's always
wanted a gymnast I know
that's doing it now yeah the nice job
way to work hard I didn't even feel it
now we're working on back bends and we
had wait I'm gonna show him how you did
it she was able to do it the back bend
would just act up I want to show him
okay I can but arms straight and back up
just a little bit more no towards the
mat and look up look back from that easy
good job Haley said if I was able to do
my back but on this mat mat have to play
Mario Kart with her all right we'll play
Mario Kart until it's time for the
question of the day
oh I thought I was like 5 o'clock it was
like 1:00 7:30 it's getting close to
question of the day time blue in some
homework we have a sign push of the day
time now
no just whenever I'm tired and want to
go to bed
hey hey hey what do you say it's time
for stayin out today all right and our
handy dandy this or that book tonight
what is it all right would you actually
it's I'm gonna start this with would you
rather would you could this or that or
yeah I just word I think I don't get off
me would you rather that it never gets
dark or that it never gets cold never
gets cold cuz that it gets cold
Caleb what do you think I would rather
that it never gets dark I would rather
hold I want sleep oh that's a good point
Caleb this is a tough one cuz I want
them both I wanted to never get dark and
everything I never get cold like summer
all day
oh no it makes it a good question jazzy
okay but that makes it a good question
when you can't decide I'm gonna stick
with it never gets dark
that'd be cool I could sleep in the
daytime I me on the date the sunlight
you a nice cool day no you don't just
sleep when it's sunlight okay so Haley
saw a cute picture of a dog and a cat
do you want to turn into your dog or
would you rather turn into your cat a
cat so I can say meow dog
I only have it all but we used to have a
cat or then who was lightning again it's
storming again Lynx was free ranged
exampie he didn't have to stay in the
yard he could wander around so what do
you want wannabe cat you could go
anywhere mm-hmm I can pistol anyway I'd
rather be one of you in Piper why lazy
and I would call me big pal advice gonna
be lazy ugly and fat I want to think
first of all that the dairy means to
your door I want to be Piper but a cat
okay Piper staring at our bow I mean
I'll be there to eat it so comment down
below but we don't know the question of
the day is push question trouble them um
would you rather be your job or your cat
yeah or um would you rather never wish
dark night all right never gets cold
you just spit on yourself cuz Rap
Battles burn into a spit battle oh no he
was gonna really let you have it he was
gonna take up a thanks for watching
Britt Ailey
