today tailee step up step up okay now
you're done one two three
merry almost Christmas everybody we have
a present for mom from mom but this
we're opening this early because I have
a feeling it's like candy and snacks so
it's I think it's supposed to be enjoyed
it said open immediately so I feel like
we should do that yeah this morning so
today is Christmas Eve Eve everybody
you're gonna cut the bow okay and it's
our first day off in a long time so
we're gonna just you know take it easy
today what is it is it candy as I write
oh yes I thought
chocolate chips nuts told you guys it
was candy mmm yummy haha I hope it's
like a chocolate fruit she says I call
that one y'all can just look we can all
share it we can cut it up why does that
one wrapped that one's special that one
must be for me just look cover pick up
well you're gonna have a few you're a
pitiful cow alright guys so we're gonna
get the morning started we are going to
we're going to the mall yeah we're going
to every single ball yeah what's wrong
Annie oh we gotta go
alright so by mall we mean lunch and a
movie sometimes getting us out of this
apartment is like really difficult
alright so we're seeing Star Wars and
we're eating sushi not in that order
sushi first Star Wars look at all those
holly-jolly people no put the phone away
look are you guys Holly and jolly down
there ja alright we're on level six
let's not forget it Haley you want to
take the elevator
Haley loves elevators but we've decided
she does not like elevators just kidding
but we've decided that we're gonna just
take the escalators six floors cuz
that's super fun by Annie
Oh into the escalator
20 seconds later they get kicked out
the other thing we're at sushi Dushi
plate
you know
edamame ended up all the way over there
trying to get away create one
got some distance on it
it
so your sign us up to breathe
all right we're going to Topshop and
daddy's out in there still paying the
bill he didn't want to come in Topshop
so he's like yeah I'll just go
now are the most awkward to children
walking around okay so we're done we got
stuff that urban and Choctaw well Haley
got most of the stuff at urban she got
like cats
that's cool
cool hold your horses
the water bottle alright well we're
going to go to the movies
and also tonight I feel like after I'm
done with my room I'm gonna go online
and see what else I need at the end of
the night I've always wanted these like
they like this like a light-up thing but
you can stick little stickers on it I
don't know how to explain I just never
mind
okay we are here see Star Wars and of
course we had to upgrade this is not an
ad for a Star Wars it an upgrade to the
Star Wars cup well drink some of them
you guys I'd like to tell you when we're
advertising and when we're not
advertising so we're not advertising but
daddy's got suckered into upgrading to
the Star Wars Cup Kurt suckered a dollar
more and I'm gonna what I'm trying to do
is make sure I don't accidentally throw
it away
I pay for amazingness everyday I was
gonna say cuz I'm amazing but that
didn't make sense
alright here we go we've got our popcorn
we've got our drinks here even we've got
our dibs the doctor dignity ice cream I
gotta turn this off they're gonna yell
at me up
she thinks she's else alright guys so
that was a wrap on not the day but a
wrap on our lovely outing look how
pretty the sunset is over there it is
gorgeous let's go take a look while he
pays
so beautiful it's about 4:30 going down
and what the top of the Christmas tree
this Christmas tree is huge here guys
look at it and see it peeking up let me
zoom in a little bit oh hello Holly and
jolly people again there's way more
people here now let's zoom in on the
Christmas tree for six floors up and
look at this thing
it's massive
are you happy people shopping and being
people all right let's go home we got
rooms to clean on this Christmas Eve Eve
I'm not telling everybody what we're
doing and why she's saying this thing
making these noises what are dairy okay
I give you a hint I don't want to give
you a hint
all right let's tell them it starts
apart and just wash we're going through
a car wash cuz our car is dirty and it's
one of those drive through carwashes and
we have waited here what that is amazing
we've been here for like 15 minutes and
we are still a couple cars behind in the
car - Carson wow that's just right yeah
she left I was great okay well it's cool
we'll wait well that was a fail in a
waste of 30 minutes the car wash broke
when we had two cars in front of us we
pretty much didn't get anywhere in the
last 15 minutes all right so we give up
the car will not be washed today we give
up
and we're gonna go home we did we
literally I might've been a little it
was almost 40 minutes but that's okay
cuz that happens in life sometimes and
we're not gonna be angry about it
remember there's dumb people on this
earth then we have to live with them
exactly you don't even know what
happened
he thinks that someone tried to steal a
car washing it broken let's just go with
the facts here a lady got out of her car
entered the number four another car then
entered the number for her car okay
she's in so matter-of-fact what seen so
many cheerleaders I know them have ever
clapped all of them have left all of
them how do they cheer you up in by
clapping everybody knows that people are
happier when there's clapping hey hey
we're driving now hey Lisa
all the way or I'm going to tickle you
feet out front we're teaching people
we'd love to teach you guys how to
buckle up guys feet down set properly in
your seats
Haley I'm not kidding feet down Haley
he's not get into death so y'all I've
been doing my room the past like hour
but here's not about to the hangs and
stuff here's what I have so far so maybe
I'll do a room tour
Haley's cleaning her room and parents
might watch a movie waiting on food so
let's do it nice all right now I'm I'm
cleaning my room but I'm really tired I
have okay I got some hats for my Urban
Outfitters so I'm going to show you
first got this little hat which is super
cute
it's really cute looks like man I got
this little oh this little hat like oh
gosh which which I can't put on exactly
right nope it's very then I got this
last one which i think is the cutest one
out of all of these then you guys
probably know this one I got this at
like I don't know where I got this one
but in this one so
that's pretty much all I really got
while I'm cleaning out my closet right
now it's looking pretty good so far I'm
just cleaning it out like it's got then
this is the floor where it's really
nothing bad the bet bed looks pretty
good and then I'm cleaning this out and
then I'm doing my Annie stuff she
doesn't want to hear ya so yeah that's
what happened I am still doing Mary you
know about to do the floor so okay so I
am pretty much done there's a few more
things that I need to get but done for
the night none for today so I'm gonna
show hey Lisa okay so step up step up I
know you're picking step up step up step
up step up ok now you're done 1 2 3 down
there I fixed I'm just doing and then I
have my closet like it yeah so then from
here looks like that no no Haley night
I'm taking picture so cool it's time for
the question of the day quit bacon being
asleep I'm not naive
I'm trying to rhyme here I know you're
awake because of this earthquake alright
question of the day this is actually my
cactus pillow question of the day is
what do you think you are getting for
Christmas it is lovely up here Annie
thirty god Christmas no rollerskates
what do you think you're gonna you don't
know no clue no clue a onesie a onesie
okay what do you say oops for it's not
Christmas yet Christmas Eve Eve we're
doing things a little different this
year because we are obviously in LA and
we've never been here for in LA so we're
doing Christmas even Christmas morning
here and then we're going somewhere
Christmas Day get to stay tuned so it's
a little different order of like usually
we open up Christmas Eve gift this year
we are not and you guys always know when
we get burgers believes I hope you go
back and watch different why are you
rolling your eyes well maybe you'll
still get pajamas naveen on Christmas
Eve yes I will do that so these girls
have no idea what they're getting so I
like that but do you guys who are
watching have any idea what you're
getting comment down below and are you
guys both sleeping under drinks whoa
whoa your drinks are going down there's
no drinks coming up here oh she doesn't
get to sleep up oh look at that face
guess what one room was here oh she
loves you she doesn't hate you
do you really think your sister hates
you or you're just being dramatic so do
you love your sister Annie but you're
not sad you're being dramatic and they
do you love your sister mm-hmm a little
louder for the people in the back oh if
you confess your undying love for your
sister I'll try to talk her into going
downstairs you confess to loving her
you're not getting Coke Zero or any kind
of caffeine or sugar capture that was
easy
all right guys we'll see you tomorrow
I'm gonna put this drum drama queen and
okay she's going to bed good night we'll
see you tomorrow remember to celebrate
life
based on baby
thanks for watching
Britt Ailey
