time for my tiny just literally just
walking around and making a bunch of
stuff weirdo like look at this just
decides to decorate her whole room with
her writing anyways so um well I just
got down to school like literally 5 10
minutes ago
hailey I got in really early today
somehow but um well you guys are
probably wondering why we're still in
school even though we like you guys have
probably had been done for week two
weeks now and even 30 weeks and but why
that is is this in homeschooled you guys
if you like we all know the trips and so
the people that are home-schooled and
don't go on a lot of trips probably get
done earlier than we would like
probably early early June if they start
correctly but we're going all the trips
so you know we have to make up those
days that we are on those trips and why
it's different from public schools is
because they just you guys just have to
make the work and so it's a little
different I mean you guys think I'm not
saying that it's worse for me easier or
anything but I mean I triple I think I'd
be harder because you know if you miss
that day then you have to learn all that
stuff you know in those in a little
period the less time then it would have
been if you were just there for class so
that's why I think it's a little harder
and
yes that's why we're not getting done
you know necessarily as quickly as ever
Beals but I I think we all have two days
left and I'm scheduled to beat everybody
but maybe Anna my baby I don't know
she's probably gonna like pull ahead in
the last second cuz I'm beating her
right now and she's half and anything's
everything is a competition so she's
probably gonna be doing like four days
of school now every day so she's gonna
get done like tomorrow probably because
that's just how Annie is that's pretty
much all I wanted to say and I know it
was weird and I'm talking about school
and you know just bringing it up out of
the blue but you guys were asking I have
some of your asking why are they still
doing school it's literally July and
stuff so that's the reason why it is so
yeah the Islander hopefully martini
entertaining than that
Oh since it is it on yep your honor
since it has been a really really really
busy weekend or so um we are gonna go
out because I see I'm finished school
really early yeah oh very yours yes and
I'm gonna go hang out outside Haley and
I yep
I might feel it for her so my gosh what
of that
what is it it's a white mug oh don't get
up close to it oh you could go flew into
the camera I'm just seeing it for me
what carry various if the camera can see
him either
well if I get closer it gets blurry it's
like a really bad
and it's not really big though it's for
real I guess yeah
tiny Haley and I are gonna go she wanted
to go jump in the water
and so we're gonna go to sit up down in
it Oh in the camera got blurry focusing
on the blog bug hold on freeze freeze
let me see you ain't gonna hear we to go
all right guys all right yeah they have
a tube too out there some of our
neighbors are out so we're gonna go hang
out outside and get some fresh air like
what kind of stuff do you want to do
jump in in judean yeah I don't want it
to be like freezing cold when I jump in
you don't want to just go for it
no I'm thinking you should just go for
you I'm not going for it come on you can
do it now that you know how to jump in
we'll just go for it
Mike it's not gonna be freezing cold
first of all first but it would be fun
just to do it don't think about it just
do it for the wot raft out in the water
yeah you want to go fix it tight stuck
oh yeah I think on your have to hold
that it is really hang we'll put it
around your wrist in case we don't want
we don't want them to fall in the water
yeah I mean and see what's going on here
hmm okay so what it is like raft or
something you're like getting in the way
of the camera sorry
mm-hmm I know dirty water dirty handsome
get it all right why don't you jump in
and go get the raft around no come on
just go for it I just felt it is not
cold I'm not lying
all right you can do it Haley I'm so
proud of you all right I'm gonna move
are you going straight here
okay don't forget that this is here I
can hurt a toe
you got it oh come on you had it you
don't have to run just jump in off of
here huh she was out ladies and
gentlemen she's not gonna do it you're
gonna do it come on you can do it just
run and jump you want to feel it first
all right go down there and feel it
first nope
was she tricking us you see check again
she's go ahead how's it feel is it cold
I didn't think so
very good okay okay the way up you got
stop yourself you're gettin good I'm
really scared
keep selling hoping there's only one
person out here so that someone would
have to be me okay okay making sure you
get that okay might want to come down I
think if you grab my arm up high like
you were okay it's all about the damn
wrangling it's all about me who's always
gonna drown if you weren't gonna drink
check it on Wow Haley that was an
amazing jump I'm impressed
we have good balance
come on your bakery I love how she keeps
thinking someone Oh try handstand yes
just what sure oh wow you're gonna hold
on okay go nicely done Wow got your
breath
yeah that's what I think that she didn't
like right you didn't like water in your
ears but now I'm you
I don't know if I'm capturing the
reaction on camera pretty funny though
and all the strength that takes for to
get out of the water
she's at not even at gym today and she's
getting a major workout whoo I think
you're good I think you're just tired a
handstand okay
did you try then try and then practice
just kick up what's the worst can happen
you fall in the water there you go babe
so I gotten back from graphics like a
pretty long time ago and while I was
like doing what I was doing after now
stuff is my head Oh Oh balls
anyways while I was doing that Lala's
done it's monastic I was catching up on
some school because my mom was grading
today and oh yeah I have some exciting
an exciting announcement that is on
Instagram and you can see here that I
did a flipping your chenko like a
flipping like I actually flipped not up
look on your finger
anyways like a typo your chenko I would
say go visit my camp over here just show
you client look yeah both eclipta you're
taken you'll have the we'll have to
watch the video or go look on past
hands-on instead of that
it's a vault and Annie flipped it for
the first time today
um when are you gonna do some work
you're gonna do some school okay this
afternoon after Annie got home from
gymnastics we well actually in this
evening you can see it's dark it was
light when we got home from gymnastics
we've all spent the last couple hours
catching up on school high and so that
leads me to a good question of the day
cuz I did you a favor subject what's
your best subject because I did some
grading today and I know I want to see
if I can guess cuz I know well I should
know what's your favourite danger back
okay fine
but anyway I know that Caleb's Beth is
history and I'm going to say that his
favorite worse Haley's best is math and
that's her favorite so I'm right I went
without write about you and Annie's best
is a reading comprehension but I don't
know if that's her favorite no I know
she likes history but I don't know her
favorite kiss me I could tell the
science is afraid I don't know I and
English math yes language luckylove
language remember to comment down below
because we want to know the question of
the day is what is your favorite subject
and what is your best oh what's your
worst subject this is the question today
but what's and worst subject lines
history Haley is everyone everyone but
math what is your worst subject subject
my let's see Jerry yes math yeah yep so
he's Haley's worst-selling Haley's yeah
no she's okay it's spelling but it might
be our worst hang on let me think what
else she's got me reading now just pick
up reading I guess nothing ha ha ha yeah
are you gonna probably spelling but
she's pretty good she's pretty equal
is dirty yeah I think you're worthless
history I think you're better at science
according to your grades all right I'm
gonna die my brains like fried but well
actually it's like absolute like this
and it's gonna get ready to explode it's
ready to explode into a million pieces
or you could just rest your brain and go
to sleep honey okay after I mean okay
and yeah we do your school all right
guys that's a wrap on the day right
until next time so we have we here does
anyone die Rodriguez bye-bye
but I'd wait no no no don't yeah I knew
something really funny
it better be hysterical my god better I
better mold because I am I am I don't
get it king of the tiredness earlier she
was the queen of the water
and the queen of the raft in low-lying
awesome no you are done enough we had
like that was Inspector Gadget Oh Batman
it's
bed bed bed bed no I'm Batman then and
then and then in it no that's good
chicken yeah like it's like you can hear
it in your head right and then when it
comes out it's completely kill you good
giant man what is that man it's like
that name that's Superman
this has gotten completely out of hand
we've said goodbye like three times
goodbye I know Star Wars yes all right I
didn't know because we didn't order
people yeah I know so well they know
probably you're probably hungry right
now
Inspector Gadget I think they see my
reflection all right can we really
really go no it's like we're ending like
this okay
potato baked potato baby thanks for
watching Britt Ailey
