time for my candy
so they have nothing and I am nerd sided
because I am going to preaching today
week and I might move up to level two
right I say I will maybe me coach is
going to watch you and pre team and she
may may move you to level two but either
way you moved up a level that starts
today how do you feel him good are you
ready to go okay I'm like really scared
you really are are you more scared are
you more nervous oh I meant are you
rollin are you more excited or more
nervous more excited alright
that's Annie gets to meet with four
choreographer from last year who did her
routine and they're gonna they're gonna
clean up a little bit and change any
things that need to be changed because
it's a whole new season for gymnastics
this is where all the training happens
you gotta get ready to compete if you go
to level two you're going to meet ya
scared I know you are like two or three
well yeah level two does a few meets but
you get to metalbend some trophies so
you guy work really hard at pre team and
show your coach that you ready to go
right and no you know how I did my
routine mm-hmm for me that day yeah yeah
I was already in like I knew that I
could I would already make not nervous
right cuz you knew the routine really
well no I'm not know
to like be in that I'm not cloud not
level so Haley wasn't like a mini
preteen yeah mini-pizza then so now have
been moved up a preteen let meet you all
to go to rights
I had a chat with her cuddly b8 it's
actually b8 and level 2 yeah that's not
too old
there can be eight-year-old level twos
there can be like but would you bow your
heads and preteens yeah you could be
whatever age you want to be it's never
too late to start NASA yeah but Haley it
has most of her level two skills already
so it kind of made sense know most you
need to get your mill circle o most men
you need to do your bar just know and I
think that's all you need for level two
almost my oh it's a goddamn where'd I
put my that's the mill circle no turn
your hands around yeah guess you taught
guess who taught anything else our walk
to me on auntie though bar Oh God you
want to get a bar yeah
and will you let me help you yeah cuz
that's why we never had a bar before
because Haley was like mmm no thanks I
don't want to practice Hey alright let's
go
let's stop chatting and do some
gymnastics whoa Christine look like Lynn
and her Leo the hell of X yes it wasn't
but yes you did
seola no she said that's why I was like
that
what's an auntie line lives deal with it
what is what is your line partisan is so
here afternoon and you're going oh well
me and Lou or living on river and
earlier
you and I are going to do the
choreography we're gonna do routine the
same n-no like your routine so what do
you what's going on why do you need a
choreographer oh she's going to pick up
some Lamartine
she what who's gonna fix up some of my
fix like you know if you have particular
parts that you want her to work on your
doing which part coach Crean eating it
she like that she want you to do what
with that hey chicks it shut never alone
right now though you're buying I'll film
you for a second
trying to get lives routine fix and
Annie's that we're sharing a little
private post tumble down tumble back and
then finish the recitation okay anything
any dipole going bye-bye
what's she doing around a bit right
there that's hurt wait now it but what
what yeah what thank you what well which
are other fumbling past gonna be no
Olivia
and then a layout wait what's the first
one to layout layout layout full double
salt oh I you know it is really 4001
cray-cray she was like a wolf full at
the back helping kids the position
try it the other way sometimes even if
you're a righty or lefty it goes the
other way now do a straddle so the
straddle is in the back
now do a computer in the opposite
I'd envelope her protective
look hi
here try two
that's what
so if you can start doing one in level
eight your freaking with fun yeah an
echidna routine clean up you want to
watch a little bit but they're running a
few minutes late
are you hungry one day you take you to
get a pair
well Eddie
Oh
get a sock on
whoa that's not bad either
driving through really bad vain as you
can hear might be cut as streaming
because of the rape and lights like
literally like stopping lights are out
really bad where we were wondering if
turn the light on
is it better yeah boy nice see hopefully
you guys could hear me
anyways you're wondering is our
electricity without so where to go home
and see and my mom videotaped some of
the choreography that I did so hope you
liked it I can't hear you oh my you see
that lightning
that was scary
there's a flood warning right yeah yeah
we were good that rain ruined our plans
what's up
the powers on huh all right running and
barking be scared he brought your gym
bag and she came running in my room
and so five minutes letter to it didn't
like thunder again so she went out and
so I closed my door and then I come out
you guys just called me together uh-huh
and she sitting by the door she was
scared
she's just a baby guys oh I found that
in the dirty car but I cleaned up again
today along with this and I had to wash
it cuz it was dirty
Oh Piper did that oh yeah
it's a pizza and yeah he's kind of not
because I'm a can hate Hanny and
choreography oh okay all right
Caleb and daddy wanted try to need the
girl wanted beats us but we said well
why why not get both well hmm got oh
yeah and I told the kids that was high
low tonight for the question of the day
candy how to think of women and now
she's got it okay nice my high is that I
have to go to preteen in my low
in that mine
Caleb's having issues money all right my
love that is raining hi is that I got my
four yeah you want to see it for fame a
little different
what's wrong I don't understand
otherwise mushrooms I can't do all right
what's your high-low ah oh we're
supposed to be thinking mm-hmm my
highest is - hey guys - um his much
anticipated and awaited Chinese food and
he's making faces at Dawg why I'm a
funny part I don't really want to call
it a higher low but I have a funny part
funny part of your day okay so uh we
need today
Ben can you already tell this guy to you
wait - just you what in the camera going
Islan oh I just think hey tell it again
so there is this funny part and um so
it's under started happening like and
lightning and right and you know Winnie
Piper upstairs fighting by an elite
others ears and so you know your normal
things huge so do you use like the usual
guy Caleb doesn't like he's lazy with
heat when he speaks so he just has half
words hmm like lol stands for something
you know what lol oh my out of what
hello w lion out of water
oh you don't know what lol means like
you know what it stands for but you
don't know what it means like if you
were to read like something and it makes
you laugh out loud like it's so funny
that you actually and no one's around
but you actually laugh oh gosh we got
wayside dress wheel oh let her all the
time like what is what is the world
getting sidetracked and by everything
this is some kind of thing like you just
did no again you know this like I
tracked on the word another guy's order
what was he in school hey DeeDee yeah
she has a pronouncement Caleb alright
yes so go your hybrid back where I was
anyways my lady's gone and this peach is
good what was your first part my legs
are sore okay okay yeah hi is the funny
by day where a dog are fighting yadda
yadda yadda
and so Thunder sir roaring like lion and
so when he came running down into my
room while list1 Bush barking at the the
Thunder and so you know I got in she
after five minutes she finally got out
and I closed the door because I didn't
want her coming in again my phone sorry
and so like five minutes later I hear
them coming in so I come out and when
he's sitting right next to my door you
left her out I was sad
little butterfly now okay and your low
is that it was straight that was raining
really well I know it was all in with
another funny thing so I go downstairs
but like ten minute and I come up again
and it's pouring down raining oh yeah
another funny thing today I woke up and
had a huge tow I'm gonna trunk mommy is
that cousin I did today woke up in my
own bed
I know you didn't make your way down to
my bed or the couch oh is it weird to
wake up in your own bed you're like
wearing on Oh cake in my hand okay bye
see you tomorrow
look guys wait what is that that other
there's like another chocolate milk the
company is like no no it's another one
but one that's quick uh and also yeah we
used to have that all the time anyway so
like it's got powder inside like you
have to make it it's like not automatic
what day and age is this the 2015 and
chill okay looks like a bug say goodbye
wait goodbye ah it doesn't what you
tomorrow hilarious see tomorrow feel but
what you're fortunately live even
started your who's we were eating but
we're talking what she's cooking what's
it say
only it wasn't that big right then what
oh me oh and your breakfast today
ah hi you didn't eat the Chinese food
daddy make hair is fine that
I'm rich no fortune Haley you can go ask
daddy if you can have it my fortune baby
pizza everyday okay my fortune it is
that's backwards that's genius the time
is right to make new friends
yes because that you're getting married
okay good bye guys we will see you
tomorrow bye thanks for watching
Britt Ailey
