hi for me
good morning guys today we're making
pancakes and we want to say thank you to
Toyota because they are sending us to
the I heart dad monuments yeah guys
we're going to be at the Santa Monica
Pier in California tomorrow June 16th
from 8:00 to 10:00 a.m. you guys can
come and see us this year for Father's
Day we partnered with Toyota they made a
super cool video that I want you guys to
watch the link is in the description
that you made me realize how much I love
and appreciate my dad and maybe I don't
talk total quite enough so this year we
want to get Father's Day right so we are
making pancakes so this is the practice
round because on Father's Day when we
get these pancakes
perfect
while my mom's finishing up the pancakes
we wanted to make my dad a Father's Day
gift so we all decided to make him a
coupon book here's what I want to do my
coupon coupon book will be folding of
laundry my coupon book will be to clean
off his side of the bed 9 well so did
you see a terrible flood my nose
good thing we practiced pancakes guys
they're ready and I think I only had one
perfect pancake we can all try here you
go you guys can tell me which one's the
best and we will try to recreate that on
Father's Day okay here we go
Gustus
that's perfect little burn that's okay
when you'll get it gonna fire get that
food or this will one the menu to
recreate so the last thing we're getting
for our dad's Father's Day in the little
montage of him be
haha
hey seon-ah
Beibei thanks for watching
Britt Ailey
