time for my tally you guys know like a
few days ago before we left for
Hollywood Hollywood we had the carpet
done in our basement but now I have some
work going on outside for the dogs or
left up right now toughest well um the
reason why we're getting this done is
because we don't want the dogs pooping
our yard
so we got this thing let's go take a
look come on mom this is they haven't
seen in a kid's first look this window
better having a dog run installed or
built I should say and they're having to
dig up a propane tank an old propane
tank so there's some work going on and
then we're gonna have like a dog kennel
out there since then so that we don't
have oh the dogs aren't using the
bathroom in our backyard breaking or
land when they're going out we want them
to like there's gonna be a fence fence
off place it there and you want them
like pooping that area
but when we're going out we'll take them
out a lot and they can turn around back
there they can still run around we're
going to hope that they go in the
balance we're gonna train them to go
over there time hey hey I just got candy
thief hi grandpa
candy no candy Theft Auto Grand Theft
candy-like Grand Theft Auto do inaudible
deal really you know that game it's not
just a game it's like I know okay but do
you know the game yeah got bad birds in
it really yeah a rated end game is bad
words in it
yeah Haley can you believe it what's the
M stand for mommy come home you like
this mom mom Oh
like this nom nom nom yeah you have too
many shoes yes I can't wait to see them
nice there's a lot of stuff with God I
was not this today the intro because I
do building and we have so much stuff we
have um like four outfits return towards
me good and you were bringing tennis
shoes and about for some reason surprise
you were like um surrounded by bag can't
even find you over there you don't need
a lot of clothes
whoa and therefore our lobby has
exploded how everybody can see what it
takes to get eight girls
yes fulfillments interpreted side we
have sunscreen I won I think I beat her
just to get out here to get film you to
film you cute little girls who's excited
for today me well we're a little delayed
but that the plans are delayed coach
Mary's lemon calling I I'm going to
sneak in dad I'm okay you're not invited
again a lot of fun
I am like you all oh my goodness
everybody know they're like parts and
all that other shit I'm sorry for inside
will this make sense once we get to see
you know yeah okay I guess I'm - this is
all for the English in school and to put
a movie in school and I love your dad
jumping on a player's coach Mary's
favorite gym combination right there
leotard any different awesome - as you
were better than Earth
five six seven
robot you pick off my cleats you guys
get to sing in Thai my queen
it's so hard to do it while I'm watching
my so do it it's like what this is like
it's so confusing and push look for my
sake and you gotta take your shoe off
and then to the side and then do your
other shoe okay I give it to you the
dogs have already heard we guarantee it
okay we're just gonna leave you guys
there hashtag messy give it no myself
not that I wanted me to surprise
I don't know if you feel scared but I
was already sending up she feels gonna
beat you down at the pricy paper like
how I open s two-faced achievement come
on come on bedroom go bed Ripper and
what about you
we're not lazy are you actually I'll
bite so Piper Piper does not want her
out oh let me now okay guys let's go do
not chew of my shoes and of course of
course she's heard she has a smell them
of course penisula throw about where to
go
guys I'm really sad don't touch mr.
little boy wait Go Go money money money
oh hey what's ahead fire Batman get out
I'm gotta clear my room so I'll be right
back after I'm done cleaning my room you
guys have result so let's just let's
just do a little song like this these
little lights I have just just look how
beautiful it is I'm sorry that mess up
your eyes guys so hot okay so it's
really nice in here
as you can see hey welcome to the
question of the day and Hayley do units
across today's rawa Larry and out what
no well yeah but what did you guys get
the conceiving year what did you guys
get the best grades in so Hayley doesn't
do great so she was wrong okay well
why'd you get your best grades in all
right arithmetic I got my best friends
in probably world history Ella you wrap
us up just go ahead do it do it do it do
it do it do it
yo Hewitt he'll do it do it do it do it
do it hey anyways coming down below
we want to know talks for the day is
what isn't in a year what did you get
the best grades and Haley you better
clean this up little girl
button you bite oh oh by the way I have
to tell you guys one more thing what can
you come to the camera Haley hurry up
babe oh babe thanks for watching
Britt Ailey
