time for look Amy good morning guys it
is time to leave the hotel we're all
packed up gotta get the kids awake got a
pile of shoes right there for them to
slip on
standing in line we're getting hungry
stuff leather some great stuff we have
anything back which stomach is that the
needs food you're a little breakfast
stomach dude
it's been up and down but it's finally
going down and it's 5.5 gauge and a 4.8
so we're almost there I already have
another move but I need this because I
need to fulfill my my my a vision is it
going to make it
I guess I guess 16
spew
fine it's 90
like that one
and never gets it wasn't
twelve I'm gonna go for 19 again one of
these days
my favorite do
son
nineteen
so close daddy one
Airport employees working real
a hard life right there
this business
question does their supervision hope you
had to get up
do the other
over fuckstick
but it's grow minute
for four minutes
five tenets Pleistocene for departure
comments like
the popsicle
sorry bye
we uh
I never forgot them
is this plane going to London then come
on the road
we don't like you
this year
is their favorite part of the trip the
bus ride or getting the dog
we never leave a dog at home they always
say the dog to hotel where have you been
are you in a part of this family I don't
even think in here oh it's our but
that's climbing ice
guys what's wrong with your father talk
to the right
aren't you glad that we were on a plane
the whole time in they were playing this
games and then we get in the car and
they go right back to playing this games
why are you wearing a headband
I am Oh daddy's wearing a super girl
headband and he's so excited I use
tighted and he just can't hide it we're
going did you paint
no we're not daddy changed his mind I'm
not getting hurt been tight oh you know
why doesn't have their leashes no we're
getting them tonight only shows a new
collar to go get their leashes and
collars yeah cause daddy's a Meeny weeny
wearing a headband going like this to
Mary Ann you gotta go with me I'm not
going with you no oh they're stopped ah
you got a lucky down supergirl you're
lucky the daddy has a brave why are all
these people on the road on Sigma at 6
o'clock on a weekday uh rush hour oh my
god rush hour when nobody's going
anywhere a rush good anyway Billy I
can't even have a conversation with you
like a serious conversation with you is
that good so you were on me the whole
plane ride ah me myspace Andy stop stop
it was hilarious
Annie was Janie was asleep and she was
on her feet up and Caleb would push them
down and it was like a reflex her feet
would shoe back up hey push him down
again or you shoot and shoot asleep yeah
every time would you run Astrid are so
annoying yes they are
you're not alone no never I mean we
can't our mind we do love them we went
and got them and just borrowed the
leashes Piper by bar did you make that
yes let's write their report card hey
Minnie you got a report card let's go
with wynnejoy all of Piper's food oh
thank you I predict healthy healthy ears
very dirty what we need up his Unwin
ease nails perfect oh you got perfect on
something not oh wow faux fur you can
trade hyper hyper normal Oh skin healthy
coat healthy you're normal yay you know
if their ears are dirty then why don't
they clean them you got your ears
cleaned out let me see all I can see
right through there that's that Carl go
hard our family's back together again we
till we leave you again sorry guys
we didn't tell you I remember going back
to LA we got some more business to
attend get your tongue in your mouth
what's in his la play hey dog are you
cheating on me
tiger look at normal that we talk for
our dogs I'm wondering if anybody else
does it I am sure they do obviously I
think you were just hot on band cuckoo
she's sitting in the seat I didn't know
no I'm trying to guess where we're going
to dinner they won't tell us little Ruby
Kermie how are we eating at wino
what what how rude your brother's Oh hot
how what was it
tyonne's no hit me tell you I told you I
am senator how'd you guys not know that
I said it three times
no but you were guessing in the know you
haven't been here before have you been
here many times have you been on that
road can even see me but I think okay oh
no strings no way let me wrap that
around my - there we go
can you see me can you see me at yes
alright so a downsell and it's really
tiring but anyways we are finally back
home and we are doing the basement
because we got new carpet stuff we are
doing the car over and we are
rearranging the basement and it's your
socks boy I'm just the turtle I don't
think they're paying attention to you
yeah he's good haha
why did you just say so oh great you
found the vault look we're missing
somebody
Haley hi I'll even never know
I know what your tag team partner is hot
down here
good bones I was gonna do Oh Winnie
hello okay when you get the room we've
done Wow
okay the liquor one did oh she's out
let's go Winnie let's go mean you how
she bite so hard yeah mama bear count-o
thanks for just two three count one yeah
what we're talking about my gosh last
one we go Oh watch out jeez oh my
goodness
Haley's got a busted lip haha a little
bit again this one's on the inside Haley
and Annie collided together and we got a
little bit of a busted lip and crap
kindness yeah but it's not bloody it's
busted
and now Caleb her I don't have any
popsicle here okay so you know that
would be a good question of the day
where's the worst place on yourself that
you've ever been hurt right here
well I think it was your finger well I
remember when you jammed your finger
is this worse than when you got your eye
surgery yeah was that your worst work no
this is the worst right now uh-huh
this is worse it wasn't the nail like I
don't know if you can see it cuz she's
got pat polish on it but her nail is
bumpy and lumpy
oh you daddy clipped it off yeah okay I
don't know what's your worse right now
my bro come down
I do you remember shoving this with cake
rolls in your mouth yeah and you had
your jaw wired shut
yeah that was why that's the day on foot
forth where mommy's decided not to love
me what no I don't even know what you
defend got nothing look some people know
what I said let's remove the video guys
take it away take it away hailey
take it away gallop okay
so comment down below because we do know
go through the day is what is the worst
place I've ever been hurt oh I thought
what you would answer guys are here I
broke my collarbone when I was like four
that's not good
yeah she said her damn finger are
smushed in the door where Caleb slam oh
oh I shattered my pinkie left shall I
shout at the end of this pinky sound
Evie from this angle it looks like
you're using your middle finger a little
nubby though sorry right now see the
nail how its rounded and it's all like
shorter than the other one wait how'd
you shatter oh yeah this order has
shouted the tip of it how playing
football
howdy and then they had a deep spot
together
what shadow came to you shattered where
it lightly broke into a bunch of
different pieces
yeah me too did he ate it after Cepeda
though yummy
potato baked potato babe thanks for
watching Britt Ailey
