we are standing right at the purple
carpet at the Disney Pixar inside out
the beer let's check it out pink is
coming down deep purple carpet right now
let's get ready to interview some stars
who's your favorite character and Disney
inside out disease inside out the Lord I
think it has to be a joy because I'm a
big big fan of Amy Poehler so I was I
saw their to be before and I was
fangirling the entire time and I'm kind
of waiting to see any polar so I could
be like I love you please let me back in
your everyday lives what would you say
your emotions usually like um it's
either a joy or fear because I like
overthink things a lot so I like I
freaked out like oh my gosh like what if
I had been to that person or whatever I
did this so earlier in the carpet we
found a like a mix of that name we found
a ship name for joy and fear which is
boy it's a terrible ship name but we
thought of it boy
why not actually it's got yet who's your
favorite character and inside out
favorite character and Snooks inside out
but my basic older my bad
what do you think you're gonna do for
this year's Father's Day and this year's
Sollers day I'm popping in a face cut my
dad thing let's who does live in New
York so FaceTime him send up a part of
course and you know probably like my son
in like all day then is father said what
do you think in your everyday life you
your emotions are usually my
collaborative like I have to pick two
and that would have to be joy and
sometimes like it's beautiful because I
so then I get scared of a lot of things
and sometimes those come my way
so those have to be like my dear tell me
a story when you were really fearful mom
when I was more fearful people I was
getting out of the shower on this huge
spider was crawling towards me I'm I
have a huge fear of spiders and his
Eddie type of bug in general so I have
to say like it would have like huge legs
and so I had this call from my mom
Michaela because I was just
what poor character inside huh well you
know it's a lot of fun Pete docter is
the director and compete as a dear
friend of mine and he just called me and
said hey you want to do a voice and he
did that a month since we hope they're
all so and so he asks me I say yes and
then I just went in the studio with a
good friend Dave poles who did gonzo and
Muppet Show and and Bunsen honeydew on
the Muppet Show and and we just stepped
round around for a few hours and he took
the best part of it so it was not
difficult there was a lot of thoughts in
your everyday life where would you say
that your everyday emotion what do you
what's your emotion most of the day
that's a very interesting question over
there as an emotion because you know all
our emotions change so rapidly and I
think I think I don't really have one
emotion we're all such complex beings
you know I think if I have an emotion
then something happens which then slides
into another emotion it becomes
complicated with other emotions so I
don't think I have one function like uh
I think I but mostly I think I'm
uncontained I don't know if that's an
emotional it-it's oh I probably that
doesn't know who's your favorite um
character from the cut out my favorite
character for inside out well I think
Joy's great but I guess the favorite
character might be a richer client's
character who I do I can't I talk about
then people did you see the movie I mean
I talked about it then they'll I'm I'm
spoiling Richard kinda does a character
this character is my favorite since
you're the director what do you think
when you were directing what do you
think your favorite play roles ah that's
hard and I feel like all the characters
are kind of part of who I am I mean I
definitely have fewer moments I
definitely have no I'm Owens
so the characters in the know am I
really like all of us in a way the
chance for us to go inside of our own
hands explain why my songs get stuck in
there where dreams come from and also
you don't want my favorite character his
dad's anger voiced by good job gentlemen
could have been a disaster can you give
me explore when you felt really bleep
yeah you want to know what I felt really
really joyful when the first time we
played the movie for our fluid Pixar
loss I'd forget all of people to work
top knots when awful foliage nicest time
of my life people doesn't want see
somebody that will be very proud of this
work or pilot I impress me however you
protect your pride your goal it started
how long Wow Wow thank you guys thank
you bye you ought to forget Apollo and
the mihrab inside out yeah
my job is stuck ah me and Bobby don't
forget her Bobby we see we steer the
memories that Riley doesn't care about
anymore into the forget her fire how was
it
darling like you creating a movie like
hell is a experience it was so much fun
I'm Peter doctor who invented the movie
and road it came up with this really
funny idea of the forget us and so for
Bobby and I was just sort of a romp the
whole time we just we honestly we could
have been terrible and it would still be
funny because the idea was so great but
we weren't terrible we were okay who's
your favorite emotion you're inside out
well you know I love joy I honor the
other emotions and I think they're
really important what I love join my
favorite shot of the whole thing is the
baby in the very beginning have wait
till you see the baby it just fall in
love
hi Annie
what is your favorite emotion do you
think that you'll like an inside out
this year Oh from the previews hi it's
gotta be angry because I mean how would
you like the fire come here so you had
the fans vote for your dress so which
option are you wearing today what are
you wearing I'm wearing my outfit
clothes that's it on the purple carpet
at Disney Pixar's inside out now let's
go see the movie
so we hope you bet solver was a great
yeah go grab a promotion at work okay
