today I'm bailing - oh this is gonna
work good morning everybody hayley
brushing her teeth in the dark true true
alright it's me and Hayley today is
daddy and Auntie you had to say I blame
you one more time before we left this
morning
hey you can press the elevator button
you goofball we switched it up a little
bit we're going to the set of mani we
had a late call time I got to sleep
10:45 but same thing we got to sleep in
a little bit which was nice because have
had early call times all week I haven't
but I've had to take children no but I
had to take you guys who had early call
times daddy and you had a late call time
yesterday anyways that's the update that
was a quick update don't end it will do
something entertaining I mean yeah
that's pretty entertaining
that's what mini inch Oh the mani dance
you've been waiting to do that there any
dancing this season or that gift
something away I don't know you don't
know so that's a no right now but you
never know what's written in right so
Haley and I have to take an uber because
daddy took the van and we're getting
ready to call that and we're gonna be on
set all day and yesterday I don't
believe there was much Haley on set
because there's stuff that can't be seen
and they were using it all the whole day
yeah she was wearing something
change one's actually so it was hard to
film we need to rock this thing co-op so
gross subtle is in the same day
that one so today I don't know I think
it's the same thing I don't know what we
ought to do much so you know mmm looks
blue why does it look blue twos on here
Pericles eat clean teeth clean dry
Valley Bowl why I've one more thing
missing yeah what'd you say missing and
I got no one I don't know we should name
him this little guy Robbie the robot
cleaner we're probably gonna be right
after Manny and there's not gonna be a
lot of elegance I'm probably gonna have
a few outfit changes where I go back to
my outfit ed you guys with my bikini
yeah yeah I don't change back into my
outfit or like my outfit that I'm in
right now that's sad but lazy bum get
out of the car get out of the car go get
your backpack lazy
huh I don't know
come on you're not bringing that blanket
in it's not
oh hey you didn't realize that when you
were you know not like complaining did
you and get your backpack
nope I hold it it's mine problem you
weirdo
you know you have to sign the rest of
those things today right push a button
don't even know where the button is
it's a wait no food you'll know if it's
breakfast food or not but is probably
banal mighty cold
I heard you it was your big kissing
scene this morning
kissing you oughta go ahead she's gonna
hurt you
she's gonna hurt you if you keep messing
up your lip stop putting cameras and you
lasers I like your shirt choices when
you do makeup
for the record this is how people get
hurt they're throwing hand warmers at
each other because we doing what when's
your first scene why don't you just go
and say hey I need to get my makeup done
okay yeah I just wait till they say then
embrace yes though and those at each
other you wear now you're gonna get
kicked out of the school you guys are
doing pictures others are videos you're
taking the dogs gonna be so tired I keep
I guess he has like how much more
filming do you have to often are you
Annie
two more scenes for both of you Louie
how many more scenes do you have all the
scenes Louie what are you guys doing
with these pictures
he's studying he's studying that's cool
are you just carrying that guitar cuz
you look cool he's gonna pretend like
you want he went too far yeah
you guys are gonna start wearing pants
specifically for this you can't get past
that
clam Padma hi I said delicious take your
water be good
on it all day hey I am bi yes I'm glad
everyone's rap are you I can't say after
tomorrow is the big scene see there's
another big scene I feel like we said
that yesterday there's so many big scene
Katie that's my hair see after tomorrow
just whispered in my app I think I know
there's dancing because Rob posted that
there was dance for her sweet you girls
is a dance dancing show so there's
probably dancing this is like our group
trying not to leak anything all right
let's go me like where is she
Annie's been wrapped for a little while
but yet we're still here I'm gonna say
I'm hot
so let's go Louie Louie are you rap I
mean I heard I heard you filming are
they good how are making me hungry I
need to eat did you hear about trolling
yes but I'd the last time I heard my
bowl I did that I know last time I still
fought through it and I didn't get sick
Chipotle made somebody sick again rude
not anybody we know
oh really well you know what I will
fight through it I will not give up on
Chipotle boys you good yeah I know all
they want to do is wipe the makeup of
well I've been washing my face like
three times
it does feel good to take up your makeup
you can rub your eyes I know like when
you have an itch and you just wanna like
rub them and you're like oh no I have
mascara on and then you're like they
said not to get your eyebrows down one
downside because because of the one you
get your eyebrows waxed
they the makeup doesn't stick to where
they got ya use it on the brake that's a
good idea building out like good right
when we should do that yeah my face is
dry
I don't have I'm here to take my makeup
off
actually I did and then family
and he's trying to figure out why the
mild wings are hot are they hot like
spicy up we've got a little kick on it
and we're being serenaded with Christmas
song
what you get yep okay so these come on
they're mad at me cuz I got quesadillas
at a wing place that's okay see you
tomorrow
thanks that heat we're not gonna see him
tomorrow Rob we have a we haven't all
culture and you said yeah so we were
going to see we're gonna see you and
then he goes out of town
bye guys see you tomorrow oh yeah so it
won't be the lesson and we'll see you
tomorrow okay see you and he's gonna
punch you okay so you're getting good
it's something I forgot to explain
something I just all of a sudden showed
up with you daddy and I did a switcheroo
well I did y'all do that because he knew
that Hayley was rapping later which was
nice of him so we he's like I'll just
come since you were almost wrapped we
just switched
so he's with Haley right now they just
wrapped our up they just now wrapped at
8:40 hey what time is it well she
probably wrapped it all ten minutes ago
she had a ten well they might have
wrapped 20 minutes ago I was over there
they're on their way home um she had a
10:00 a.m. know 10:45 hold on
10 to 11 11 to 12 5 to 1 1 to 2 2 to 3 3
to 4 4 to 5 5 to 6 6 to 7 to 8
10:45 is 11 she went bright on time
10:45 no less they kept her uh yeah they
did yes probably don't know what we're
talking about I don't know if I should
say the same like California has like a
thing they only like allowed to be there
at our age for like many hours of school
if three is at school if you're not on
like break or something
and the teacher was like being like
really good about it like we thought I
was done because they thought that my
call time I 7:30 but is actually eight
so they wrapped me at five five o'clock
or something like that and then they
called me back in and says what was your
college and I was like I don't remember
they were like it's eight o'clock you
still thirty minutes so then they
changed me like 20 minutes like in 20
minutes they changed me did my whole
makeup and uh and then did with this one
scene that took one tank I was like I
think they didn't do my makeup again I
hadn't take my makeup off but they did
change me into my hair again because I
brushed it out Wow
yeah they're very strict you can't say
California make sure which is look good
it's good it's a good thing like you
guys shouldn't be allowed to work too
much and you should be getting your
school done so it's all set to protect
the child which is very important
anyways enough about that we're home and
then all must be at your house put a cry
almost four hours I believe they can
they can double like they can Ave you do
like an extra hour today so that you can
film an extra hour but I think that's
what they said so I love you Bailey here
I hop on at home but Jeremiah had a
ukulele and I wanted to play it and he
let me play up like then I can't play
right now
all right six hours all right well we're
gonna go I'm gonna watch what is it
called haters back off did I get you
addicted yeah and Hayley watched it
without me so I'm going in my room and
she can go in the living room and I'm
just gonna have the night to myself am I
out
you're kicking her out of the room uh
yeah or I'll build a loft and I'll watch
it on my computer isn't okay no
nightmares oh yeah well we'll see Hayley
when she gets here I will do a quick
question of it acting are you done you
little cow so let me explain why she's
wearing this mommy and I switched which
which set we were on so I switched from
taking girls the Manny and mommy
accidentally took all Hayley's clothes
with thankfully Coco gave me this okay
gave her a onesie who know where you
would add to where your sect closing
well you just had to bring him back but
yeah so she's in the she's in the cow
onesie
we just explained that on care I told
you when I saw them did that seem like
Annie is gonna be so jealous
yeah I get onesies for Christmas how do
you know rush told me was that a spoiler
not gonna get a onesie yes I
accidentally walked off with the clothes
that she wore to set we switched because
daddy was nice enough to go stay with
you for your late call time oh no oh no
I'm a night to myself and Haley would
you rather me be in the lock of the room
yeah Annie once a relaxing night she
gets a late call time hey what do you
ask her
you're so cute my little cow I got what
was your over peaceful no away which
kind you nice really it was that she
yeah cute 99% of the time they're dudes
what the cars she blew her driver would
you realize today oh my god we got
buffalo chicken
why aren't these like your wings like
like cuz these are like no my gosh
follow me sure so sure she figured out
her we are eating buffalo wild wings
tonight and you guys didn't eat all day
dad what they wanted them to do for
hours of school or so that you wanted me
to do two tomorrow at 3:00 tomorrow I
said by the water break some winter
break they have to do three hours but if
you do I think they I think they are I
don't think they're just telling me that
I think that if you do for you can
double up on our so that you can they
should say a weekly amount then - I
guess well admit if you're not there for
a week I don't know guys we're learning
all these little laws she's technically
on is on winter break mama so
technically shouldn't have to do school
at all but I'm making them okay page ten
for everything when week eleven for men
mommy
you're lucky because I was about to
reach for it and the night that coke
that Coke Zero which you don't need one
ginger right no Annie you need right and
it was one more so I saved you that the
SAS is in full-swing tonight there's so
much going on I'm I'm going to quickly
think of a question of the day I'm
hoping one just pops into my head so
that we can like the way you think you
little cow put your little um hood up
come closer
there's one over here okay say what is
your favorite since then of a can't a
candle scent yeah I'm going with um well
you pumpkin spice I think I might do
pumpkin spice it's not it's really not I
can't think of the one we have at home
so I'm just gonna go with spice spice
pumpkin you say cupcake Oh meal cookie I
like oatmeal cookie the taste I don't I
don't like a coffee all right so we got
one more day of filming til winter break
is really real but my kids are still
gonna be doing school but filming will
be wrapped until Christmas yeah I forgot
her backpack was that a wink are you
winking yeah didn't do for guys tune in
tomorrow there'll be more of this
nonsense yes you do get to sleep in a
little bit finally um your cold times
earlier than Annie's alright my friends
thanks for joining us and comment down
below what your favorite candle scent is
and this little cow will probably be
this little cow in the morning I'm
guessing I'm guessing she's gonna go
what to set like this that's what all
the cool kids on set are doing get
yourself a cow onesie I'm kidding
what are you guys doing I thought you
were going to have a night to yourself
good night see you tomorrow we do this
every day you guys were those crazy
people who blog our lives every day we
do a lot of people think I'm not trying
to be funny I'm not trying to be funny a
lot of people think that we film our
whole entire day but we don't like we
literally film 30 to 45 minutes every
day and it goes Hayley Hayley you
haven't had dinner you haven't had
dinner let's get you some dinner
okay guys I gotta feed this child gotta
feed this child something other than
sugar so and then she's got to go to bed
I know guys bye remember to celebrate
thanks for watching
Vitaliy
