time for me yep Wow Wow do they think
they want to see what we're looking at
yeah what you knew about this this is
what we're looking at one doggy bed
shredded to pieces
that's a shredder shredder could do not
even do as good a job as that pipe or
did you do that
Piper Winnie did you guys do that so
we've come down armed with a bull of
trash bag you think we'll need 15 trash
bags Oh puppy dogs I wish you guys had
hands I would make them clean this up so
fast but instead guess who's got to do
it ah boo Piper you can get guilty dog
did you do that Piper Piper did you do
it one when they come down how to check
on them because they're whining it's up
so I said I'll let you out in a second
and then I come back like two months
linens to it up to like this Wow nobody
walk behind the scenes of a BKB
I'll give you a hint guys one its
blindfolded and the kids can't look and
two it involves pizza we're filming
right now okay daddy's got the special
pizzas behind and you guys can't find
out what kind of pieces they are until
this BKB comes out and I know my kids
are like all hide in their faces and I'm
just chatting and we don't know idiot we
don't have any idea when this videos
gonna be out yet do we
nope it'll be out soon and we'll tell
you okay candolyn no no after daddy says
his line what daddy's got a line
what oh you don't have a line sorry
daddy doesn't have a lot of July what
all right hang on close your ears are
not glows Oh what Annie you don't to
cover your eyes you'd have to close them
yeah I uh hi sure daddy behind you just
don't look behind you oh no I asked that
me wait am i staying at him you don't
know what camera to look at what really
where where to your left that's two part
of it I'm gonna today yeah okay which
camera is it the red camera the vlogging
gear my shirt all right I'm I'm filming
on both cameras okay so hold up a finger
with one hand a number and I didn't
guess that you got one uh-huh
three you can see was that just a good
guess seven nine yeah all right oh yes
again yeah it's good how many wait I
said one hand dad how can you see him
no then how do you know you do him you
know I know the father mm-hmm okay what
about now oh two hands
take ago my sudden stop listen to eight
what you got red mark you have seven but
then he changed it after we did that all
right
savages
number all right who's ready who's ready
for some pizza me hi what are you doing
messy room how you gonna get that down
how did it get up there
what was she trying to get it with she
was trying to get with this thing yeah
you need to clean this room up it's a
disaster area you want to see a cool
moth yo you shot on this day what yeah
well why didn't you pick it up then and
clean it up no just leave it in the
floor and eat it
delicious who are you watching videos of
daddy
oh oh okay kind of here let's go clean
up clean up everybody everywhere come on
yeah at least pick your dirty clothes up
though the dirty clothes in the dirty
clothes hamper and the clean clothes
need to not be on the floor messy messy
messy I'm going to come back up here in
like ten minutes in this room better be
cleaned though since we saw Hailey's
room I wanted to see what a neater look
like ah look you're there oh wow looky
there nothing a couple things on the
floor man imagine that nothing like the
disaster area that is Hailey's room
Caleb's next hmm not as bad as Hailey's
for sure
still cup things but that's it
Hale is it definitely wins for disaster
area
why kale doesn't his spare time
yeah
yeah that's what this is like Galya does
in his spare time okay for your channel
we made a video for your chip free
channel to look for a channel I'm gonna
be over my channel for Mateo yeah for my
channel okay
why are you even according today cuz I
like to see more things 1930 not from a
jail you do that's what the dogs are
doing
Piper gets to sleep on a towel now
because she decided to chew her bed up
earlier these are the remnants and when
he helped it was teamwork and she's
really sad about it right now because
she doesn't have a bed super sad they're
upstairs couch
nice so we have some exciting news on
June 8 we will be in LA to see the
premiere of inside out and if you are
around that area you can come by you
might be able to see us so you can come
and hang out with the red carpet because
they're letting people see the red
carpet and you might be able to spot us
and here's where you guys come in we
need you to pick one of these three
dresses to let us know which one we
should wear to the premiere in the red
carpet so um I have these really pretty
sandal shoes really sparkly that can go
with any of the dresses and then this is
number number one people will be showing
these on but here's number one that's
the one that didn't get picked when we
went to monkey Kingdom so maybe they'll
pick this one this time is number two
right and this is an address but it's
still fun hmm it's not dress no if our
address measure of number three and
three all right don't vote yet because
it might look the head we're good on me
but I have two shoes I have these
sparkly ones and these pretty ones what
the other ones not pretty
hey I okay this dress oh that's one
dress number one number dress number two
let's not forget the order and dress
number three is all right - let's try
them on oh yeah
- what was dress number one Haley
all right you already forgot all right
go try it on
let's go dress number one and Haley has
this like super mad man it's going here
group of better light I'm going to have
a good match but it's cool yeah it's
cool yeah the light and your brother hey
so now we can really see dress one but
had been little kind of butterfly on it
an Annie's dress one alright just number
one dress number two don't think you
know all right so if you guys pick dress
number two for Haley it's really cute
but it's too big so we'd had to go go
back and get a smaller size we have it
tied up okay so let's get a good look
arrests number outfit number two because
Annie's is an address hmm and outfit
slash dress number three
oh she carried her come here trip over
yes beautiful
all right let's get a close look
Hayley's is orange and blue like what
color is that that's like okay wait a
minute is coral glow there's a little
coral in here turn around so dress
number three keep turning keep turning
let's see the twirl yes all right turn
all right Annie
turn that's cute I don't know I'm glad
we're leaving up to them because I can't
divide no you can't tell them what you
think
I think nope nope and no I think I like
and we're back okay
so yeah that's going to be the question
of the day damn done so we've covered a
few things yeah no you can't because
it'll sway their answer so we've covered
a few things vote which dress they
should wear or outfit one two or three
also if you're in LA and you want to
come hang out at the red carpet you
might spot us right they're gonna be
doing interviews on the red carpet and
then I think you guys get to walk the
red carpet Oh show me how you're gonna
walk the red carpet now it is time for
today which is really easy what is your
favorite outfit that means hailey Moore
that we chose that he showed you one two
or three that we can wear to the
premiere uh-huh is the question today
and of course we can't answer that so I
guess yeah why are you here oh I don't
know what the question today was too
close so I'm out
goodbye pace hey hey go to bed yep yes
bedtime brush her teeth no sleep
I figure cockroach what was that that
was me doing
oh they're sorry mm-hmm no wait I like
doing this on eBay
thanks for watching
Britt Ailey
