time for me oh nothing hmm because I
have to have footage is about one day
YouTube video without reset it it's
basically good if we don't do this it's
fake
whatever oh it's white noise
I mean without us curtailing videos are
basically Caleb saying hi hi hi hello
people so um we are now driving to
the orthodontist because like I told you
I lost my retainer so now we have to go
get a temporary one so I have to like
fight down into the screen thing which
is kind of disgusting
and then get the temporary one a little
later today and then in like a few weeks
I have to go back and get our permanent
one which stays in my mouth which I'm
kind of scared about because it goes in
my mouth and like stays in its permanent
because so I don't lose it again
and well kind of scared
mom-mom right now has a terminal one in
her mouth because she had braces for
like five years
its lucky her no kidding but yeah so how
is a mom it's fine but what about right
when we get it I don't remember that I
think it's fine about it's fine it's not
going to hurt any more than wearing a
retainer yeah but how are they gonna put
it in my mouth I got a glue it in your
mouth look can I feel it yeah really you
can feel it right now
okay Dylan where is it okay can you see
it
but what colors it's clear and it's got
a wire the wires like a wire but where's
the water I can't see the wire no
driving I can't really do that right now
that's so weird I didn't know that you
could actually feel it and see it but
they glue it in your mouth it's probably
glue I don't think it's you're gonna
make Samantha yeah so I don't know it
flew in your mouth but the same leage
braces like you can't taste it what oh
my god
okay well I guess we'll see how it is
well you know I don't get it I get the
typical ze hell didn't ruin is led by I
know that but this may be right there by
I'm driving him nuts you're driving me
not so tough
we're about to go get Caleb a haircut
and we're deciding cuz it's gotten to
like it's gotten so long that we're
decided we want to part it the other way
now that it's so grown out and just get
it trimmed Missy you should I think we
should try to get it part of that way if
they cut it and clean it up fish eye
patch didn't need the trim so badly I
think that sometimes it's okay for
mommies to annoy our little boys cuz
that's their job to annoy well I'm
trying to help I'm sorry if that annoys
you you're pretty bad alright what do
you want to do we're sitting the parking
lot you want to go out are you gonna
decide how you want it pardon oh you're
gonna decide how I want it farted
I think I want it like that but they
needed to clean it up I don't know then
get aside jump oh my gosh okay decisions
will be back and maybe Caleb will have a
brand new haircut or maybe he'll look
the same or maybe he'll have a bad
haircut show everybody we are dying with
hair cutter flesh and now we're at
chick-fil-a
mom what are we doing at your play well
we're getting some shakes Jake's
because I'm such a good boy no now cuz
well you're a good boy
it's too early for you to go pick your
retainer up so we're trying to kill some
time and this is my new hair color I
know it looks a lot different um does it
look different now just gonna trimmed up
so cleaner I mean the sides are still
long still curling up and the person at
the place of the person's said that next
time I'm gonna want to cut it all off
cuz it's gonna be hot she said that but
this is my second year or in the summer
time with it long so I don't know if
that's gonna be true that didn't
displace no not the dentist haven't been
as a dentist that other place that we
went to called hair cutter II thing II
didn't take that long so and then
chick-fil-a was like Speedy Gonzales -
mhm cuz in order to shape what are they
doing what are those people doing why
are they taking a picture with a cow oh
she's gonna get on the cow she's on the
cow like taking senior pictures like a
shoot in her cap and gown and I don't
know what a cap and gown is when you
graduate you work happen get that it was
more bluish than that like a dark color
could be any color she was she got on
the gal she got on the chick-fil-a cow
that was highly entertaining what had
made my day
what if it broke that would have been
more funny all right Caleb what are we
gonna do for the next 45 minutes that we
have we are going to bust Haley oh yeah
we just spied on Haley and she was that
in the schoolroom
I wonder why daddy's not making her do
school so we're gonna go over there bust
her and eat our shakes and then go to
the dentistry
gonna be a fun day so far so fun so far
so fun yep right coming down write that
down you know you're filming your mouth
and your nose and not your eyes
ha ha ha that's funny hi guys you got to
see me um oh yeah
so right we spied on our camera yep and
saw Haley not doing school yep
computer asleep yep so we're gonna go
sneak up on her mm-hmm
and I'm gonna have the camera in my hand
all the time so like let's knock first
like let's be loud you know so she knows
that we're gonna be there and I'll be
seeing the camera and let's watch her
dark back in the room I'd be hilarious
that's good so I guess we're gonna go do
that and we felt like oh literally a
little lesson in 30 minutes 20 minutes
brain brain brain brain brain brace
clearly okay so we will be back my
dinner on the camera my pinky he'll
reach okay guys so we were almost home
and I pulled out the camera thing he and
what what what what look what I found
she's doing her toes so apparently she
went and got dressed for that hole she
went and got dressed for gymnastics like
that long they took her away I mean
whole time to get a haircut
well it's baby daddy did was watching
her like a good daddy should still see
Hayley don't move Boop
oh oh what's she doing nothing okay
you're doing school um okay so we'll be
back again no no no Mia what are you
tackling me and it's raining and we're
eating vitamins and today I'm like so
tired because of the weather it's like
making me all drowsy blah blah blah blah
the reason when I am tripley because
rainy rainy pand
yeah you're funny Oh plop oh I'll help
me on the trampoline I'm not going out
there I'm not getting plugged so yeah
we're eating some vitamins and today at
gymnastics
I did a your tango timer over the
trainer so
over the vault table you do a roundoff
back handspring on to the vault table
into the pit
hey or something like that so real quick
to that look at the couple walk through
here as Maddie good go move they're all
in there building
so yeah and I was about to say um how I
do that um it's all actually how to do
that says if they don't know and I don't
know Isaiah I'm gonna win cuz I'm soaked
so yeah look at it hold on got it bye oh
we need Haley showered flight now look
so his bath like an hour and my feet
really hurt from the bath and Memphis
today and it was my feet really hurt
from the god that's so bad so anyways
yeah me Haley's making this like
American Girl doll book what are you
making she might be making she's gonna
do some stuff and we have to go to bed
after you're done so it's time to
present day and Caleb's like talking to
someone so just gonna do it without them
rainbows I'm ready to that I mind mmm
see in the dark or see things far far
away you can oh I thought you meant
because of your eyes I was like ah she
OS anyways yeah I think I would see
things far far away because I don't
sleep with the lights oh because I'm
scared of the dark
so I thought you just had a lazy eye
okay well yeah anyways uh I don't forget
to come down below cuz we wanna know the
question today is seeing the write or
see things far far away I've we forgot
to do the first thing how does that go
the hey what is it's a ball the question
let's do it ready hey hey hey what do
you say a sound for the question of the
day hooray it's a pretty did it yeah
anyways bang oh okay the question of the
day
oh it's on so the question is see in the
dark
hmm see far away I would probably have
to go with semen talk because yeah
because um yeah sounds about right
let's try one cuz darkness is dark and
scary want to be able to see she don't
run into a tree rock cut open and it was
calm down below kazuma knows it is
seeing the dark of see very far away I
also see a small database
thanks for watching
Britt Ailey
