time for my good morning yes she is its
daily bread talking or I broke up the
doors I adopted I wanted to see
microfilms are pretty amazing opening
the doors why I keep it locked
okay you guys ready to head to the gym
we got an extra kid here this morning we
needed a ride this morning so we are
headed out we believe we are late not
much like okay then two minutes I like
two minutes so you guys can load up and
I'll get the dogs situated take that
with you you want to be talking about do
do do do you start fighting me live give
us a topic where we go the wrong way go
away all right give us another topic ah
hi not a good meal ahead to the lip she
likes leather were talking about Michael
and forgive me Punky's come on cuz I'm
lying
your handwriting is getting so good
look at that cursive I'm sitting in my
room and I'm editing and Haley's working
on school and she wanted to show me her
work she look you can actually read it
it's getting good can yeah I could read
that without having to read up up here
what does it say Beth and Barb made
cookies bill and bin hung bells on the
tree see that's what practice makes huh
practice makes progress mm-hmm right
mm-hmm
what do you have left how much gave left
of school my legging class you're in
your second class this so early run a
roll roll on out of here okay you know
one of these days we're gonna get our
furniture over here and quit sleeping on
a bed on the floor that'll be great yeah
one of these days you'll make it back to
school by no you're in the same place
like a tornado she's back with another
worksheet what are you doing
what do we have now we did riding this
must be arithmetic no reading writing
arithmetic this is not this is language
let's see you need me to write through
the instruction genes okay a word may be
divided between a vowel and a consonant
consonant example Pony divide these
words into syllables then divide that
like how many syllables is word table
have dude did you learn the where you
clap hey bowl cute yes that's two
syllables and the line goes right there
I see an apple well we're the syllables
break by bull divided between a vowel
and a consonant okay so by bolt clover
see the vowel and a consonant they gave
you lots of examples begin so you do
fable ven yeah hey bull how many does
that help so we're you where do you
divide it let me see if you got it right
I can't see
nope that's between two consonants then
you got to divide it between a vowel and
a consonant say Bowl where's the break
when you say they bull where's the break
is it yep
now do staple say it in your head
very good now you got it
the little glimpse of home school right
yeah yeah this is what happened whoo is
it tricky why
Oh Oh what is it this one
what's it what's the word three yeah we
can pretend pretty kid where's the brake
bitch and good that's right I think you
got it dad
dough nut apiece table there you go
table 20 scared of thunder and one love
it
and the stomach so anyways so Piper what
happened today
now when don't bite that that's really
what happened paper today Piper lost her
yesterday Piper was 13 she look but look
at her teeth forties of bags and go open
up me oh she's really sad no go hazy and
then when he's just still ABC book
Piper's my laundry pudding so Jim um the
whole night we've been cleaning not
really nice the whole evening we've been
cleaning
and now it's on to laundry three big ol
baskets of clean fresh unfolded laundry
so we are going to put them in piles and
burgle all gonna get a benefit and pull
them upstairs to fold them oh boy
yep so we sort like this is Caleb so it
will go into a Caleb pile that we've
started and then we'll have an Annie
pile yeah and a mommy and a daddy pile
and a hailey pile those are Hayley's and
then everyone will put all their clothes
in a basket that's mommy's and go to
their rooms with the basket of clean
clothes fold it and put it away we're
gonna try this system I sent all the
kids upstairs to clean their rooms
before we brought laundry I'm just and
then Annie's the first one down here so
we're waiting
just tea we're how to explain you what
are you oh you're explaining yourself in
a secret video for gin school to get to
bring it out that Lenny explains us oh
no banana
shorts okay I think someone wants in not
sure she's standing up outside of the
door what did you touch
what do you touch boy underwear is it
scary yes those are yours
look that's what she was doing she try
it over the door we've got it locked I
just don't think she realizes it she can
uncheck it open the door which I love I
can't do it when it walked just pretend
no one's paying attention if she goes
see how long it takes her you bite in
that Viper
no Halley's up there hurry up and get to
work
Haley we're waiting on you I started
everybody's piling up Renee's you're
very welcome
you don't have to thank me actually as
you do thank you oh she did it and I
missed it you're back on the clean
clothes you're bad oh oh come on we're
locking you guys back out look at her
she's like no I don't know that way good
that way we are on a roll down here look
at all these piles go go go oh good you
can help us then wait wait wait you
hitting it something Haley try to hint
to something yeah sure this house what
the Bell I think she wants to go to
Disney where I'll turn around I love
that jacket
all right now get to work nope
this way do you know what we're doing
yeah we got piles so start sorting on
your mark get set go
he's been cleaning fun isn't cleaning
fun daddy
ha ha ha if it cleaning fun sure mommy
mommy him I don't know music mommy
daddy's pentode that's not
yoo-hoo it's hot in here what here below
me and this thing it's hiding me it is
hot in here
oh excuse me you're doing all the work
oh it doesn't matter that was last week
don't stop living in the past
oh no no we're not folding we're just
sorting foldings later up in your room
you know yes mom I can't stay up til 11
o'clock you're gonna have a lot of tough
old you guys might appreciate how much
laundry you guys go through sometimes I
fold the laundry why aren't I appreciate
because sometimes I fold the laundry and
it takes me forever and then everyone
smile when the kids are all home and
they have time I make them do it oh and
you're gonna see how much clothes they
actually go through ode haha that took
like an hour and I did not it took like
20 minutes not even 20 minutes ten
minutes but the hard part it was the
easy part the hard part that so what you
do is you put them all you're in here
this basket and you take it to your room
you turn on some music and you fold and
you put away oh you can turn the TV on
and do it down here if you want the
biggest for Kayla yeah mom um you've got
the biggest pile then probably probably
mine or daddy's I think two three yeah I
think Hayley's might be the smallest I'm
surprised I thought kaleb's and Hayley's
would be the biggest I'm surprised by
how big my pile is alright
true she might not have brought all her
dirty clothes down we have to do more
what is the cycle never now you're
learning the vicious cycle such as life
really now yes it's called bedtime I
know that's why I supposed to look my
toes
yeah you look at her toes yes
you know you're a weird child yeah did
you announce what happened to your
retainer you know yep outside you guys
had a little chat you about
responsibility you know should we have a
little chat about responsibility
oh well listen that rain hey I wonder if
that's why the dogs wanted so badly all
these clothes oh damn it ah you didn't
clean the clothes I wash them you sorted
them uh hon I know feels
oh man I'm doing something right look at
her protecting his clothes so I my mom's
room watching some Girl Meets World and
today I wanted to do this today by
myself but it's a sibling line mommy
picked out like by the time I get to do
up with my selves to pick a sibling once
you're in anyways so it is spend every
minute together for a week or not see
each other for you yep talking about
your brother or sister just spend every
minute together for a week you couldn't
go a year that sing them a lullaby you
oh I'd spend every minute together for a
week Hey
amenda it's my dad
you think Caleb's gonna not want to see
you guys for a year no no really I bet
you he doesn't say that he's gonna be
like the UN jjk I don't think he's gonna
say JK alright good night Annie are you
sleeping in my room tonight where am I
gonna sleep
can I see do a warm spot hey can you
welcome we're all spread out across the
house today aren't we
Annie's in my room Haley hanging on the
couch and we're all tired and we're all
gonna go to bed after all those tours we
did today right okay you ready for the
question that I hate okay talking about
your brother and your sister would you
rather spend every minute together with
them for a week every single minute or a
whole week or not see each other for a
whole year
see see every minute for them bro yeah
for a week
I asked Tammy the same thing do do could
you not go a year without seeing them
it's a long time huh
what did she she said the same thing you
said what do you think Caleb's gonna say
you don't know all right well it's his
turn bye
everybody
ah baked potato baby thanks for watching
Britt Ailey
