time for Mikayla hey guys so on this
beautiful Sunday Sunday morning we are
going to Caleb's baseball we either have
one two or three games if we lose the
fishing then we go home if we win the
first day to lose the site okay so it
pretty much if you lose you go and yeah
we just got back I just got back from
deep sleep over and it was fun yeah and
Caleb ruined us going to see a movie but
we have to go to face plate at least
it's warm
not cold today
oops that tool or now what you mean
lucky you yeah that's
so yeah that's what we're doing and my
cars are I contain animals
I control the Sun and I can tell the
wind Haley
um I can under the garden I do garden I
know you went over there honey I don't
know what I do you could do garden you
can do you could control the wind I
thought you were the Sun you get three
things you control the weather
yeah that was kinda like the wind yeah
you control the weather you control
fairyland
you're the queen of the Queen this is so
cool look at it like fairyland all right
you should have brought your fairy wings
oh you could practice all right what do
you wanna do
kind of steep that's pretty impressive
right cuz your business yeah that hard
so two down one to go
little to dip baseball games down one
more to go
it's good news and bad news good news if
that Caleb's tina's wanting the badness
but yet the game but it's for the
championship game so can we be a little
excited yet what's she do either they've
sealed second place they win in a game
they get first he's first
we're playing another team that's can
either win first or second so let's call
let's let's get the intensity up and be
excited so we are stop the game and it
is 5 to 3 we're winning and these the
other she just gets one more at-bat and
yeah we just need three outs and then
worse when you turn it but we're doing
it now so Caleb's going shortstop right
now and we're up by plus two right
I'm gonna strike one one that's the
count Winnick I know it's like you and
gymnastics meet just want to know if
you're going to follow time up we're
going into another by one there's two
else hey your turn Caleb Caleb good eye
so we lost tsoukalos but yeah we still
got they still got a medal so here oh my
god I'm gonna talk like that I problem
yes please don't
okay um he won't okay oh yeah I gotta
get out of that here we go mommy would
you like me to sound yeah hey am i
failing miserably no I just your arm
looks weird
so anyways we are going to Cracker
Barrel yes we're passing all people
because that's the traffic we would be
sitting in
we're sitting in from anymore can we get
to exit we saw that cracker barrel and
we're like Lu exit quit quit we can eat
now just eat instead of sitting in
traffic
should have warned me of that we were
going to eat before I ate that cookie
thank you well I didn't what why would
we just like waiting at traffic it would
have been two hours I'm hoping that by
the time we get done eating to traffic I
did the math all by myself because it
was 24 and but uh dad looked that every
to every 10 minute on the real time it
was two minutes unborn on our map clock
so of course I did the math and what
time we're gonna get home if we were
sitting in that traffic how's it gonna
take to two hours that's a good thing
we're gonna get 24 to to 24 times five
oh no I I didn't do it though how'd you
do it
I launched so I didn't do to ten minutes
in hold on I've got this
oh I think I just I did um son I don't
know I got it
every got it I got it now lights camera
right Kim horrible baby yeah right
so now we are done with Cracker Barrel
and I got a ladies
miji about topic video game Oh rock
candy oh I guess so oh yeah I forgot my
blankie at Luke's house and there's a
rag thing that you guys think it is that
you see me carrying around a lot in the
videos so I don't sleep very well when
I'm not with my blankie but I guess I
can try again
just don't really I am loving daddy
I guess you're sleeping on the couch
sleeping with mommy no kind of bed
oh forget my boy you didn't you could
have your blankie
you couldn't reminded me yeah when you
picked her up this morning doesn't want
you to walk Oh walk Annie
walk home next and reminded you to walk
too instead
that's the long you see these smiles
right now guys we get home and she
really has to go to bed there will not
be smiling I like to tease I'll be like
this anyways so that brings us to the
MERS of the day which is how do I
breakfast
we have you better lost anything have
you ever last night anything that's
really important so you didn't lose it
so I should be have you ever forgotten
oh oh and that's really important oh you
oh yes
oh that is a true statement is my
blankie and a bunch of other times I
forgot my yeah right of old barb I want
just a pony that look like a twist that
sounds like the most amazing pony ever
hurry okay ring stop talking Caleb
what's your I knew his voice oh my god
you forgot lost his boy is still gone
okay fair enough it can be lost or
forgotten if you lost something time I
was on the school bus and forgot your
jacket no yes know that I'm just having
one time now we were going home
I saw peg did say hi so I start crying
oh the tears are coming your voice makes
my eyes water
his eyes are watery well hey that was
entertaining we will check back in
probably with I am britanni brittania
doesn't have a bunkie yeah all right
well maybe we'll see you later maybe
we'll see anyone and he said I don't
know and you'll see me only like this
that aka kala means by guys my dad is so
nice that he went over to his house and
got my Frankie so was now it is time for
us to go to bed and we're in my friend
day and I haven't yes that's what we're
doing right now going to bed yippee bye
bye for good tomorrow babe
thanks for watching
Britt Ailey
