you
hey guys well I am done gymnastic and my
hands are really hurt really bad there's
kind of a rift in the middle and kind of
right there and kind of up there but
anyways yeah and coach Mario it's a
little could you marry came back today
and it's so much fun and when I got into
the car my mom said that she got
something for me not a lot to look at it
till I film so it's in this bag and I'm
going to go
that's pretty
that's so pretty
so this is for my challenge that what we
have we have like these challenges on
like Thursdays that Coach remember light
has to make up this challenge that we
have to get there as a team and there's
this really big challenge where it's
like all a secret and no one knows about
it and we're all like dress up my name
is rose petals and you tell everybody
that I can tell wrote my name's rose
petal okay that's off a secret oh okay
you're doing anything
the end-of-the-year challenge right and
so we had to gather some stuff for your
custom can they show the costume or no
yeah how people get to see the costume
okay so you can show this it up okay
your teammates are watching those are
the wings there's more in there oh yeah
all
so if the one we ordered online doesn't
come we'll use that one here's the way
that when you get just in case the one
that we ordered
and yeah we will try this week on today
you will yeah okay we have a fist one
more thing eyelashes every fairy needs
eyelashes don't you think oh yeah I'm
also a fairy here's the wig yeah no one
I'm saying to get my way and I used to
bang
feels weird
right now we're at baseball and Eddie
has our little tag on to a half Gator
bonnet yeah done some give me a pin see
ya oranges so pretty it's nothing like a
cold rash is mold nothing like a fresh
warm to satisfy your thirst at baseball
Hayley said she's thirsty so she's got
into lunge luckily because she left her
drink in the car so hopefully this will
do yeah this one didn't taste that bad
I'm fired up you fired up no it does
yeah okay
let's try that again I'm fired up you
fire it up don't do me I'm fired up you
fired up no gosh get into the baseball
spirit Hayley
we gotta sing if there's a foul ball you
know what you're saying
no moley we cal that 1,000
move it over get it Moo juice cow Moo
they get it I think they get it they're
smart holy cow that went back move it
over get a cow holy cow share share
sucker orange oh that would taste better
hmm
yes mmm oh yeah glue on you that's my
favorite thing to do
mmm Hayley did art today we had to glue
some stuff left over
he just told us
Kayla just told us that he got hit with
the ball on his first bat and I said
okay so who was it I'm gonna hit him
with his orange crazy how he feels I
think the orange would feel a little
better yeah Oh heat up right now
Caleb's up to bat see if he gets it all
again not hoping you just pop that one
up though whoopsie Daisy go run around
thing it's so tiny exactly why you
should have put shoes on
Oh Hayley still be doing it I wanna see
how fast I can get your thing oh come on
I didn't
bitch Kimmy where's the truth right here
bitch
I was horrid hey y'all how did the talk
like that that's hard okay so anyways
you are done baseball and now we're on
our way home but before even home of
course we had to get something to eat
like there we gotta eat something do
something do something you know though
they were Philips something Philips
something okay the name Philip and I
have a huge Sunday bill up Annie go up
yes I really have a huge show important
am okay so in your in a Texan accent
Texan accent I'm not gonna do I have to
do is your red accent hey so I texted
her and how do I do that
oh that's too hard y'all I can't do that
it looks
listen we're in gosh so anyways we got
Chipotle and there's like seven pounds
of burrito wrong burrito wrong we need
it wrong that's how we do this no it's
seven pounds of burritos
yeah and quesadillas don't just burritos
and it really is a heavy bag two
burritos
a large quesadilla excuse an es yeah
extra cheese okay so tell them what town
you're made of chicken yeah they put
some lettuce on there oops
that's what smooth anyways so I have of
course tortilla ha a little bit of rice
chicken
sour cream and cheese right yeah
extra sour cream I take on a changes
what she and this time Levin had a good
little build a mushroom thing is what do
you get on your triple Lavery thank you
gotta get up eat up to Portland well
then they should probably go to Chipotle
yeah label what about they don't like
the potatoes oh well then I guess they
can't answer this one and they can say
what they get on their molds or case it
is but what about if they live in Japan
and they don't have full weight this
demand how to pull it I don't know we is
all good oh don't forget to comment down
below cuz we wanna know yo no question
but in my arms tired
engine weight pushing today oh yeah what
are you getting into a bootleg something
I really - Poli then you should probably
visit your nearest goal line
tell your home even if it's an hour yeah
you're paddling tell your hair parentals
sorry my car make losses yeah so does
your daughter will you mean a lot we
look filming parental oh my god we wiper
rentals are they like free rentals for
parents parents oh you're six guys we've
got that before you bake birthday baby
thanks for watching
birthday Lee
