hey what's on the menu burgers the
bishops and what a singing but I doctor
appointment and I get new glasses or no
glasses new glasses are no losses that's
what you're going for yeah are you gonna
be excited either way yep which one will
you be more excited yeah
no no blossom we'll see we'll see I
don't know how it's all gonna play out
what do you think I think that he's
gonna keep her in the glasses
but I think eventually he'll bring her
out I just think that last time I
thought he's gonna take her out of the
glasses and he didn't so this time and
you're coming prior yeah there's
something to be wrong that's what I
can't think that's it and this time
you're gonna be wrong I'll be wrong I
think that she will get new glasses
Thanks Oh we'll see we gotta leave in an
hour and still we have to get ready
whoops
kind of had a lazy morning of editing in
the school
if a fun stuff
waiting on the doctor to get in here yep
what's he gonna say you don't know but
we'll be okay even if oh no T wait
that's what we rockin that right here
hold you better get back just kidding
you can't stay in that closed it's kinda
coming we haven't been here in so long
waiting waiting waiting to hear what's
gonna happen but it gonna be new glasses
or no glasses no one who looks hey don't
you touch his stuff young lady for real
how expensive that stuff is a lot
collections toys yeah he likes toys here
he's got all kinds of staying things hey
guys
so um an update on update on Hailey's
glasses she is now out of them for
gymnastics and all of like outside just
walking around and but she doesn't worm
for school and all of that stuff and
she's gonna get new glasses
yippee and um we're home Hailey's
finishing up school Marty done and yeah
then I'm watchin TV and did to do
through blah blah blah blah sales orders
yeah there's nothing really going on
yeah baby all right where are we going
you're going to go
got different answers from each of you
but you were both right just buckle up
we're cruising places so first looks
that's based on what the most exciting
yeah anything cited to eat what movie
okay so very excited to see that movie
right Andy's been wanting to see it but
guess what hand me your glasses cuz you
don't have to have them on right now
he's just not you what you just said
that you couldn't wait to get out of
your glass of them now you want oh yeah
we haven't had time to pick up the
glasses gonna get some new glasses well
guys the movie was good really good and
I'm gonna speak on behalf of my children
and say they liked it too but it was
long long in a good way and this is what
happens when you take your kids to the
late movie they go to sleep so this may
be the end of the video right daddy
whoa you better not been faking are you
kidding you you weren't were you really
asleep
and you heard me filming I don't think
Annie's faking well
we'll pass the camera on to sit Caleb
and see he's been sick all day so we'll
go see what he has to say hopefully he's
feeling better
hopefully Haley can quit faking being
asleep okay so um I have not been the
video all day today because I am sick
and well my dad just gave me the camera
so I don't know if those questions a day
but he just and the camera I'm pretty
sure everybody else went to go see a
movie
and I was sleeping when they went and
I've literally just been sleeping all
day
so that's so my day's been I guess I'll
see you guys tomorrow
flavor better day hey babe
thanks for watching
birthday Lee
