today um Bailey what made a hacker it's
almost 6:30 this one gets to sleep a
little longer and go in daddy you've got
a 7 o'clock so we need to hurry because
it is 6:24 and we have to leave it by
hunting down socks been in my room
those are in the car we borrowed some
shoes from said we're gonna take them
back this morning we're deciding if you
should just wear slip-on shoes or real
shoes but we're gonna do that and then
we gotta get in the car better
everybody's here not everyone but a lot
of one nice shirts ladies nice any
where's yours
I should have worn one I'd have been
cute we could have gotten a good picture
I've tried to get a picture last night
okay so it's another day on set are you
ready
right this is the big scene I'm not
gonna say what scene because I'm not
allowed to but it's going to take all
day the one thing it's gonna take a long
time you have a deep scene with Hayden
yeah I don't I don't have to run lines
with any now y'all can just do it all
together okay I'm gonna back away slowly
so we don't leak anything or you could
be Elly
good morning rush what's up guys we just
wrapped and Nicole you wanna be in the
vlog and it goes in the vlog that's my
mom guys so today was pretty good Annie
did amazing I haven't seen Haley all day
what do you think about well what do you
think about today I don't know the worst
people I was anyway do you think about
today made you think about today me it's
all right
what did you think about today it was a
lot of noise Mads I love you I don't
know
nice I already packed it Oh crazy around
here oh look at that background though
he looks so full back there but I didn't
even know I'm talking about him granny's
taking her makeup off she has wrapped
everybody's wrapped everybody yeah
Hamilton you wrapped yeah I have to call
everybody by their name yes Monica right
yeah
TK kala I got it
what is that wanna tell me I'll make you
feel really awkward what is that one you
don't know hers oh I don't know you
rhyme and Quinn is dance and Matt is
Matt's aka she's not Rooney she's
already um a birdie I'm not roadies not
feeling well she just said I'm Ernie no
you're not you're Quinn no and you have
Lee no
Indiana is Rooney look I am chicken
girl's biggest fan like I know Jenny did
have a cameo Jenny did watch sheet where
you differ you innate you and see look
no Jenny okay so y'all need to go back
what episode was that I know what it was
about what number I'm broken look that
is not your Quinn it interplays quick no
yes see they're just trying to trick me
no it's probably him you are by
instigating this it's getting what I'm
pretty though there Quinn no you're the
one that held hands with TK exactly no
thanks Kayla but you've got a really
cool sweatshirt on
there was with you they look good
where's yours
I'm sure it's weird to wear your own
merch I don't think I go to wear my own
merch we're home and this is happening
which I don't know what this is but it
is definitely happening
Annie you almost toppled over oh my gosh
Aaron um still someone in power surge
we were resetting to it for a scene and
you know that like railing with the
pavement and the grass and they're like
that yeah yeah she tripped over and did
she like literally when I'm telling you
she tricked it no was she okay she's
laughing oh that's good
did you laugh at her what's he doing
Oh is he ticklish no you made his dad
tickle him so he wouldn't be ticklish
Haley's not here sounds a hobby but they
are on their way so we're gonna you guys
I discovered post mates today I'm never
leaving the house again you know that
but they didn't know this okay I knew it
existed
acai really Brooke post mated them those
bowls and then I post mated me and
Hayden Chipotle
yeah then Mads wasn't feeling so great
poor mad we couldn't film all day cuz
they were on set like there was no
behind-the-scenes so we're gonna post
mates Shake Shack right that's not the
plan what you're trying to actually no
you don't you got it very excited when I
said it no yep y'all if y'all were
sponsor me he loves I hate each other me
I like Shake Shack and I haven't had it
in a really long time what made a hacker
there you go okay
she's gonna post that all right I gotta
order the food Billy and and nope the
other one the other girl you know it you
know it your password okay they're on
their way home and I'm going to order
their everybody food do you really do
you really know it or you know it's over
there Annie oh no it's called y'all
sneak look shirt you traded passwords
like did you look over there when he was
putting his password in why are you we
all dressed in black I'm dressed all in
black they're dressed all in black all
right
Merry Christmas I got him his first car
it is a test love my friends great oh
why 180 Bachman yes now you have a white
and a black button good thing out of the
black now cuz I just get the white one
dirty it's true now you don't have to
worry about getting under nail yes some
little charms Mickey Mouse Mickey Mouse
sure right here and Hayden knows how
much Annie likes things that smell good
yeah I'll take that I'll hold that for
you no no but my wife and the coolest
bath bombs ever you want to explain what
they do okay an easy Oh Annie
that's oh no you don't need fun rocks
yeah yes we ordered and it should be
here soon you're making losses
is he really on the back here we did it
early because Hayden goes home in a
couple days
so they wanted to exchange Christmas
presents early first Christmas presents
of the year what is that are you serious
there's more no no bill I thought Billy
told me everything you gave hurt him
that what is it what is it I want to say
Oh what was it Annie's getting so
annoyed with me right now did you do so
good pretty good okay so I just come in
army feel me and Oh
what shake shut gotta be here any minute
any of the minutes any up three maybe
the next match you maybe an hour from
now
oh one minute it'll be here and what are
you doing
oh is that delivery soon who would post
me you're a postman delivered soon I
just kind of notification no do you have
a free bottle so what are we doing mommy
we're eating and then they want to go to
a mall the mall but I don't know if I'm
digging no I'm not going Annie's begging
you to go to the mall yeah okay that's
great
we're done yes that's weird
yes and then this small mean oh hey hey
Paige jr. you're taking over do you
think your cookies are going to be
better than pages let me go find out
from them Haley and Hayden do you think
Annie's cookies are gonna be better than
Paige's cookies easy yes I like Toby's
not cookie dough Paige we miss you
Paige cooks the cookie cookies just like
I like them I do actually
you know they make edible cookie dough
what we should get some nails available
no it's not they say it's not because
got raw egg in it and not you shouldn't
eat like a lot of it raw are you coming
you say we think like in excess it's bad
for you well so they say people say lots
of things are bad for you
so are they already in the oven they do
say that all right so we're making
cookies and we're watching this very
talented singer she's so good she's
probably the best singer and the end
yeah but actually in real life like
Colleen can sing
well Miranda is our character hope I'm
not bursting any little kids bubble yeah
hope people don't really think she's a
real she's a character all right I guess
we're watching it her name is Maya seems
yeah but that's a character alright that
is a nice jacket that you just threw on
the ground I thought yeah I love iPhones
down there and you've got a no iPhone
rule right now probably hot how'd they
come out they look delicious let me say
hey Stu wake up bacon I want to try one
oh I brought my own Haley's are dude
they're delicious guys worth eating
cookies and then we'll pause and pause
it good job Annie
what I think we won't ask you if you
think they're better
so it's a mess in here I can't handle it
all right they're delicious Annie but
better than pages I'm tellin page Wow
whee whoa whoa oh well okay well that is
because I need to go to bed because I've
got snacks that I really I got an 8
o'clock call time tomorrow think I've
got like two Z's or three maybe four
actually wait I think I've three three
yeah that's right what is up with my
face yeah hey I know y'all are
discussing like when we're gonna leave
yeah like trying to film a baby use
guessing on what time yes we're gonna
leave in the morning what's the pressure
today we're so enjoy your day okay so
what's the question of the day why is
your favorite emoji my favorite and let
me look on my phone so got a lot
okay what's yours okay - let me look
like a picture okay let me let me let me
get that and then look at my emojis
there we go
I'll be back so I made a really weird
drawing I'm not drawing like oh so all
these okay so I'm really into like
bitmoji not really into I wouldn't say
that but like I really like bit mo geez
but I'm not gonna use all booze I'm
gonna use it my actual here they all
heard that's y'all so I've got I've got
oh it's a little focus those but use me
as a gentle bride man me blowing a kiss
and me being sassy then I've got that
the CL the bird the boxing punch thing
the sparkles purple heart and red heart
and that photo that boat oh wow yeah
y'all are so cute you know like you
don't forget to humble experience
Christian the day is what is your
favorite emoji slash emojis whatever you
want to do to celebrate
thanks for watching
Vitaly
