so right now I am going to do the Haley
tan we're right on the new campus and
I'm going to something really cool I'm
going to shoot me and she's going to
show what she did the second the last
time and what I'm gonna do the first
time both ways
let's hope yet
yeah all right here I go put this thing
on my wrist and and backwards I'm a wolf
she's a drag wire and a dick crow crow
all right let me get up here so I can
see the whole yard I can't see everybody
okay
I was so cute
it's hide at all mia tie it to something
or it will float away I don't know what
I'm doing but I will try hang on I can
just come in with you that won't help me
all my eyelash sorry sorry I'm very
helpful
get away from my loop just sat there on
my eye all right I'm gonna go spy see if
I can find a room but it would be more
fun if you would like jump on it why you
get bathing suits on all right here we
go
wow that was all right you're on I'm
scared you're going under oh it's
freezing in my mind it is mine it's cold
okay now how far we can like pull you
back in we can always pull you back in
we're super strong
I look at that oh my god you caught a
lid you're such a fisherman what Fisher
lady I can't believe you can't carry her
get away - get him
who's gonna brush went in no one wants
to go for a swim you do a split jump oh
that was a wolf jump oh nice split jump
they've got there's something in there
that they're sniffing Oh what was it
Viper she jumped
eating little paw in the water
don't fall forgot why are you narrating
like Milo and Otis it's different
oh she's scared of the raft of course
she is don't get the barnacles
the manly and the manly way sir let's
see some surfing
oh all right now you could try to stand
up now that she's not trying to throw a
ball see if you guys can stand up over
at shelves again
you guys keep swapping say it's me back
and forth all right we've got one picked
out but he doesn't have a very cool and
exciting state all right I couldn't hear
you two let's read it which one was it
be president of a very cool and exciting
company or President of the United
States
cool company come on thank you concur
how's that blankie are you ready to give
it up yet I thought these sungeum it
went away
Caleb would you like to be president of
irrelevance of the United States
Luke President of the United States a
really cool company United States until
the boys pick a president of the United
States and the girls won't leave lame
things
thanks for watching
Britt Taylor
