time for me oh gee thanks smelting Hey
next time I say that you need to say G
welcome G welcome
I don't like achieve anyways so as you
can tell I like lost my voice at best at
the end of practice like it was out of
nowhere it was like my mom it's
so weird like you were talking normal
for when it's not even its and then
you're late anyways and now we are in
the car carpooling with live versus like
rubber zoom and we were counting my
tickets and I have 88 tickets we need to
do ticket drawing but it won't be any
time soon
let's go drink of that because coach
Mary is leaving for Hawaii
oh my I got so this pouch is where I
keep my tickets and I'm not that
organized me I live are gonna organize
my tickets we already did I said we me
and Lynn organized my ticket she said
are gonna
yeah my tickets are in the back side
like I like I stumble I stumbled on
organized that's why I said orga
organized or good good good good nice
he's a monster
his name is ruble we need a name
when he is two eyes so his name is
Shelley good blue stubbed her toe and
it's swollen it's fat with all fat and
compare it to the other one I'm skinny
toes so it's very bad so my moms with
depending on how it feels tomorrow I
have to go to the doctor and I don't
like the doctor so mad come in a boot
and I'm gonna be like a better kick ass
yeah Mary said I'm not allowed to walk
out with the cast okay it's casting of
it I won't walk on my toe
it doesn't feel like it's broken you
know what a broken do it feels like I
feel like it's broken to me it's like
right at that joint though so I have
anything it's stop squeezing it trying
to feel where it hurts ow ow ha then
your edible another like we're hello
back okay yeah good problem pop away
Paco Manny no you're fine you're fine
what hurts when you stop up there yeah
oh and a thunder old who worry about
here Fred
she doesn't they example hello Annie
Annie looks thrilled entire baby hey
does he comes again I gotta get you sly
when a she's down the stairs by the way
Shh
get over here
mommy can you tie this onto the hand why
going on the table and I don't want to
lose it I'm gonna take the balloon on
the turn boy yup tie it to my wrist
please tell everybody what happened your
glasses in Austin have no idea where
they are and she goes to the eye doctor
next week and the eye doctor said they
don't have any appointments to check her
eyes right now early so we just have to
be without them for a week while we look
for them and the eye doctors you're
gonna say you still need glasses so we
have to order your new ones or you don't
new need glasses it was no big deal that
you lost yeah hold the camera boy do it
on - it is okay her hands are in the way
and I have it ha ha I'm I've had it
loose enough where we can cut it but it
will have to cut it so that string will
be shorter once we cut it you watch the
magic didn't go up so many times we can
hit it back and forth without well
that's gonna be zero without it touching
the ground why would you do it on
purpose
it just goes down ready spaghetti go 1-1
yes okay if it pops I'm going to act the
same way as the older is when Caleb
popped my balloon
so have you watched that video recently
and you realize what it wasn't in
popping it was the grass all right
absolute the same thing you think it's
gonna pop let's go down here guess we're
going down here guys alright and now you
want the pop so right now all my
goodness I'm trying to like talk in my
regular voice in that her anyways so
right now not um I'm here because my mom
is grading today so I have my group um
stuff that I can check if I did
everything so that's what I'm doing
right now and Haley see I just wanted to
show you guys I might over some took
because everybody has written in it here
it is it's very colorful Oh
sketchy mine it has a drop Lynette yeah
I'm done with arithmetic I did not do
anything
so that's good and now I'm on to history
yippee let's um take a peek of what the
office looks like looks like everybody's
working in there cuz it's like they
catch up on us on school day before our
cheese grater and you know Hey look
freedom our baby the bottle
yes oh no don't worry it's not cheap oh
don't scared me sorry I'm doing dishes
and the pots are obviously falling it's
not cheese whiz it's peanut butter for
dog
watch the speed winning wait where'd she
go here 21 tree
what's the more she's scared she think
we're gonna tease her with here get the
tree teaser with the pot see you guys
all know Carla's right but if you don't
she is the makeup troll and she also is
on oh my gosh TV so go and subscribe to
those channels and she made a song for
us for 1 billion subscribers it is
really good and she made it up all by
herself
so going subscribe to that channel right
now and we just watch the video and what
you guys to watch it to so go and watch
that subscribe and she knows how to play
the ukulele so if you end it yeah we
named her ukulele yeah I'm gonna flip
mino Oh God so to find my video my mob
will put a link in the description down
below
or maybe right here here here it doesn't
matter yeah somewhere you guys know the
drill so click click it like
and then and then you did you watch it
mind on and came back and then you get
you subscribe and then comment down you
really know your mind blown when she
undid it but came back and she it is
stopped
yeah so well so yeah comment down below
in this video if you heard these are
ukulele and you know how to spell it cuz
I don't and we're gonna wait let me try
okay you Colin Bailey okay
are you coming lee Bailey I don't even
know spell ukulele UK yoga you UK you
Luca you clay leop ukulele I don't know
snapping you the glass denote the dead
step add we're back with the question of
the day but I don't know what to do
because I just got a really good one and
do over to do this one do that one of it
okay if you want I know how to spell you
go legally you go look it up while they
were getting the question of the day
already know how do you spell it
you need to choice okay you hey no you
can't had it UK you l l e e le I think I
spelled it like that too did you
once the you're anything am i right yeah
I was right you looked it up yeah I
spelled ukulele that's a tough one you
know how Haley spells ukulele how you
fully
kaleil e yeah
me all right okay so the loser today is
discover here for terrible disease or
discover a way to make humans fly I've
already got my weight nobody cure my
beef or and figure a way to make humans
fly bigger wait no not no the other one
be at the right you're a really bad
disease oh that's a good one you wanna
be greedy well I don't wanna be mean I
mean I mean I mean but uh I gotta say I
won't he lose the blood one even supply
so else you rather be responsible for
sharing a disease so what happened here
that does he use it like a bee flying
making some mutants fly howling first
I'm gonna make pigs fly yeah thanks a
you abuse so hmm ringing um don't forget
to calm down looks we want to know the
question of the day is discover a cure
for a terrible disease or discover a way
to make humans laugh baked potato babe
thanks for watching Britt Ailey
