previously opportunely remember or are
going to wait till midnight to drink
soda tastes like our number it's very
sweet it's like me yeah it's very sweet
it is very busy like I remember it a
little bit sweeter it's too sweet
I think it's fizzy does I love the
feeling of the carbonation now we do
nuna Cheers
we did it haha starts now that we have
trained drinking your drink is it
drinking or drinking drinking now that
we are again drinking now that we are
done drinky drink it's true okay I don't
care we drank soda and now it is
certified follow someone on your account
no I'm so
she also attempted to follow someone on
your account I'm squeezing this job
anyways we're gonna go to bed and see
you guys today
after weeks I'm gonna be up later today
we'll see you look what we got going on
in here today we got Caleb who fell
asleep on the cat in the chair but I
think he's half awake cuz he asked me
how my soda was and Piper and Winnie
when he's been on this bone all night
and a little princess who was fast
asleep but missed the soda party no no
no tickling her look how peaceful our
eyes I know it's kind of creepy
you're so peaceful you know this videos
today not like we're not saying see you
tomorrow this is the beginning of our
videos a little alert could we did it to
be continued okay not when you're all
what's that word I'm looking for the
whole soda sugared up out if you will
excuse me we are watching this is mrs.
Doubtfire okay you guys relax and we'll
see you guys later when we wake up by
subspaces
how was how a circle uh you just watched
how a soda last night
a little ish us it was it was really
really early this morning today jump in
the way after you never they're pretty
cold so jump in things I wouldn't do
that then you won't jump it's going to
be told because it's gonna be cold after
getting out of the air it's the problem
have you guys just had you guys just
gone in it would have been nice and just
normal high giant bone dog who got that
bone for you man look at all these bad
people leaving their shoes running joke
I'll go first
okay then I'm gonna come push you stop
just stop okay go ahead you're fine now
it's a snake okay let's get out no
you're fine you can go out on the shore
okay yes looking right along the shore
over there I was trying to stop her
before she jumped look look at the snake
yes I'll see it right on the shoreline
you see it see it it's swimming
I never seen a snake in real life today
we are shooting a BKB video and um we
haven't had a big heavy video in a long
time and here we have some of you and
yeah we've been one of these in forever
- stay tuned for it and it will be
awesome
what are we doing oh yeah now I know I'm
just telling them yeah I don't know and
any other babies family unlike shoulder
room um you may have a BKB goss's on it
boy what you are about to see should
only be done in an emergency situation
here we go
you ran fast Haley go long Caleb he
didn't catch it while I film Oh Caleb
you were too slow to move
oh don't there's no poop over here I
like that's funny that we're having more
fun with the dog toys then the dog oh I
would have caught that sure about that
my arm
I turned on the game right to film this
I'm documenting life as we see it and I
think I saw something very freed at
first and now it's tourism my chicken
hands aren't very good
they were being very sweet until I
turned the camera on sweet Sydney I was
biting
now you're gonna squish them squish them
hey ah so we are back from dinner and um
yeah it's time question today my heart
is like pounding so um well yeah we'll
do if you owned a horse what would you
name it hmm she would name her snowflake
or one yes you would
my one lucky no you need not long no I'm
in yeah America no no no no no depends
on what kind of horse it is and what it
looks like you can't name it if you
don't know what it looks like
silly I shall name it Margaux I know I
just reminding of black I like
mysterious and M and Marga I'm them it
was like a white horse I would name it
angel
it feels like that cream like almost tan
color I don't know I would name it might
be lucky just because what I think will
course I think I'm lucky because of
Amanda's horse so yeah maybe lucky yes
some of them I hope okay anyways yeah
don't get to come to bluff through
another day if you earned a horse what
would you name it my mom tomorrow
well there's it's late I'm tired
bye no I'm super say is is if you had a
horse over to name it feel don't know
why no questions asked
see you Bo end be Owen see and see and
like think in the end the oh well is
I've admired just me with you anyways
comment down below could another
question today is your horse won't you
name it and thank you again for 1
million subscribers and for 1 million
subscribes you guys get to um um stared
controllers for five minutes
not just kidding okay worst thing ever
looking pretty dang bad but um anyways
yes I'll see you guys all tomorrow and
by we do again thank you for many
subscribers
based on database
thanks for watching
Britt Haley
