hi for what can you eat good morning
guys we are almost a million and let's
see mommy art or what it's seriously
gonna happen while we sit you're eating
breakfast seven more we get nine nine
nine nine I'm getting nine nine nine
nine nine oh don't forget to eat
breakfast because we still have a
regular day tied for eat breakfast and
you guys five get nine nine nine nine
and one million hopefully oh my god
minutes
Oh 10700 my goodness it didn't happen
overnight I was happy that it didn't
happen overnight
I wanted us all nine eight already here
we go come on - two more two more
subscribe 909 picture time yep oh we
lost one did you get for $9.99 okay I
don't I want to start easy to do is um
in there guys okay it's okay I drop back
down tell me to do the picture yes he's
gonna here hold up I'm scared
go oops - I didn't get it either
Rock got it oh it took forever like a
lot of pressure
you got it
bratayley has a million Oh Oh a million
100 snap now get back to your regular
rescheduled yeah morning that's awesome
yep pretty good now we just have the way
in a couple of an hour or so for it to
update on YouTube and then it will be my
more official yeah now it's a million 0
0 0 zv zv q yeah what's up you're like I
have a million subscribers he laughs
feels famous that one he said that was a
really long time ago like when we I
think 500,000 subscribers you thought it
would feel like you're famous do you
feel any different now but it's still
pretty cool right what no that's love a
lot of people watching you like what two
eyeballs watching you one zero zero zero
zero zero zero
I want die Gandhi bomb you can't have a
lollipop for breakfast you can have it
later she got this from the Cracker
Barrel I know from Cracker Barrel last
night and I only let her have a few
licks so it was almost bedtime
alright a celebration for a million I
will let you have a bulik for dessert
from breakfast
alright but you gotta eat some grapes -
I love my way - but get ready for
gymnastics and but you guys have all
been waited corridor we have all been
waiting for is a pie my mom's face and
that's gonna happen in this video
tonight I don't think we forgot about it
because the
like okay yes we're getting a pie and
afternoon I was like oh yeah so here
just want to go back to bed go back to
bed
wait why am i whispering because it's
too cold but the faster do it faster I
will go teach it best cut it close music
the force
okay first things first we need to clear
out the mirror
Center the podium under the flag and
move everything so it doesn't look so
ugly go
she doesn't like messy and don't like
messy pictures go on for being there you
go we're going for a billion million
drivers on James Corden yeah we need a
million did he catch net yeah I like how
you're thinking girlfriend good job okay
we have a really a couple fun really
cool things to do today what do the
coral girls do when one of them
is having a baby today this means due
date you might not have the baby today
but we are celebrating the fact that she
is I thought you're talking about you
always
you probably different all our faces
johnny has a baby yeah there's like so
even speaking dark fat okay so yeah get
challenged to really really fun things
to do together plus we need to do our
some more GoPro yeah
and they can see that GoPro if they want
subscribe that jump there you go okay
girls harder here challenge today
involves flexibility so we have to do it
after we stretch okay so for those of
you that brought to our five Leos it's
okay cuz we'll do this other times it is
fine we have 1 billion subscribers in it
is the time that you guys have all been
waiting for a table of data I haven't
been waiting for this we are going to
smash not one but four
because one's just not fair yeah would
you ever just mean is gonna hi Winnie
what do you want to take my spot
graduates come on win caii me
well you're stand-in for me okay one
yeah Yamini okay mommy's going to count
ready ready all of those people on
YouTube were your friends but apparently
they want pies okay so this has never
happened who's had a pie in their face
all three of you how is it an ex is
daddy's oh my gosh strike five okay okay
so where's everybody going you're coming
with my messy one I should do a place no
I think about them well I got an idea
you two switch okay so remember don't
you guys have to like push it interface
and then move away you can't pull in it
is it I can't breathe like you're just
robots we got our eggs don't smush harm
there's no sunglasses on right up here
okay we need you got this dude yeah sure
are you ready no cowbell like this three
two one no one will do okay oh all right
on my count I'm really kind of nervous
oh yeah come on you and help okay hurry
two one go
oh my god is it everywhere yeah oh my
god oh my gosh that was worse than I
thought it was gonna be
upon usin your hydrated mini is having
so much fun she's gonna be sick
crumbs going down my back that's awful
okay where's the cleanup crew uh -
window right there I'm going to go
shower
please yeah are you ready wash me off in
my nose did you do ice cold water yeah
I'm going to get the shower Haley what's
wrong Rena oh they ran into each other
look like big broad us yay whoa hello
and balloons and cake and when he's
scared of it thanks SID how did grandma
how can I have a question today today
because everybody else but me is asleep
and I'm also tired because apparently
the hot tub really drains out every
ounce of your energy so we're just going
to call it an early day but we do thank
you so much for million subscribers and
um well I guess we'll see you guys
tomorrow
and probably thank you again boys well
this is a bad down spin and embedded in
ethics um what I say I'm saying anyways
so I guess we'll see you guys tomorrow
sorry about ending so we're roughly but
we will see you guys later
potato baked potato baby thanks for
watching Britt Ailey
