this video is sponsored by 23 of me
it's so awesome how he had family in
town for like the holidays you know
Paige and my mom and Johanna and Hayden
and so it got me to thinking that the
whole 23andme
that we've talked to you guys about
before my when my mom was in town she
talked about doing it and so she's
actually done 23andme we've done it it's
really a neat idea the way you can see
what you're 23 pair of chromosomes are
you can see what your family history is
like and how you have things in common
with your mom your dad or things like
that it really helps you understand your
DNA from what regions of the world you
came from and why your eye color might
be a certain way or your skin color it's
just really it's a really awesome
program and you can compare that like
for me with my mom he's already done it
and kind of see what you're getting from
your mom what you're getting from your
dad what you're getting from even
further back than that so and so what
was the most unique part about your test
that you you got back what did you think
about my mother like I thought I was
Italian like legit 1/4 Italian I'm not
yeah so we found out I'm actually
willing to tell you than she is and my
parents my family didn't tell me I was
it so one of the coolest things about
this is as youtubers we look at our at
our demographics we look at where
everyone's from that watched our channel
now what I found out I feel like so much
more connected to you guys right so we
can I we ought to look at our our our
results and might start visiting
countries based on how many people we
have that we have something in common
with so 23 of me also has a special
holiday offer now through December 26 so
go to 23andme calm / / Taylor direct
morning stretches or did you do your
morning stretches Annie and Haley are
filming a scene together we had to split
up yesterday so it's too early for fun
yeah show me your phone Haley it's like
magic
oh you did okay so we are up a little
later than yesterday
it's 7:44 we're walking out the door
right on time
we got another day on set and he doesn't
have shoes on but yet she's still
walking toward the store you know why
because her shoes are in the car where
shoes belong am i right yeah well you
know hey Tim sharp you're like the only
person that I call by like your screen
yeah Tim Jana's behind you how's
everybody doing today are you in
wardrobe no I did I'm not wearing this I
have a good I feel bad when I like film
too much I've watched okay we got here
and make it match is even though she's
not doing anything smart you're like I
need hair and makeup done please I can't
anyway so it's okay like those glasses
those are fun your peers your sides
thank you here's your phone
all right see we had your father
we're talking about complementary color
we oh that's interesting stuff full
swing of this stuff you have a lot
what's your motivation I knew you were
gonna say that
excuse me should go Christmas shop I
already did oh my god no you don't yeah
that's enough no no no cuz then she's
gonna want to go get more and we're not
doing that again tonight no I mean no
yeah it's not about how many things you
I'm sure they're amazing I'm sure it's
great it's gotta be good Billy was with
me come on thank you I know it's true
good point be the director
so y'all we are eating lunch the
Lighting's terrible oh well it's kind of
cool
Wow okay anyways so I had vice and check
it now we have I have two more scenes
left and then we're gonna go home and
make a piece
look at this look at this
okay y'all are the creepy ones I
run when you have a long day of filming
and all you want to do is come get into
bed but you haven't eaten dinner yet no
one falls asleep until they eat a dinner
no it's not time for the question of the
day is 6:30 we literally just walked in
the door no I know but we will do one so
they're just gonna lay in the bed we
ordered some food because we literally
walked on the oh what'd you do I turned
around look behind me I heard a noise
and like though the cameras on you I
didn't see so everybody else might have
seen what happened where'd it go they're
so cranky and so tired right now you
guys why are you in my bed just
wondering do anything grab and grab her
hand no no no bad it should be here any
minute what I should have my phone on me
cuz they're gonna call when they okay no
do not go to sleep no not now yeah I'm
gonna turn the light on brighter in fact
that's a good idea Annie
and the fan up higher alright turn the
fan off you're writing me you didn't
vlog today well it's not too late go
ahead oh yeah just try just try hey just
try I don't know if that ever made it to
a vlog but it was starting to be a thing
and when we say it all the time swipe up
page we miss you I don't know that she
watches some yeah yeah she does
all right my friends we are tired mainly
me and I want to go to bed and I want to
literally it's 7 o'clock and I literally
I'm going to go lay in the bed and I
have a few things to do and then I'm
going to go to sleep so I don't know
what I was gonna say Oh Annie's got an
early very call time not extremely early
she's got a 7:15 well it's not confirmed
yet see
Haley's got an 11 I know I really want
to go to really want to go to sleep I
don't know that I necessarily want to
fall asleep but I just want to lay down
so we're gonna call it an early night
and everybody's just gonna relax for the
rest of the evening so question of the
day in honor of our pizza that Haley
sorry I get carried away sometimes what
is your favorite pizza topping just
she's same same just kidding daddy no
that's not a pizza topping daddy 1 D 2
topping if you can only pick one
pepperoni
um yeah guys we are well into filming
again and it's nice to be back on set
she's already gone look why are they in
my bed tonight every time I look at that
I think we laughed
we weird okay guys come really nailed it
coming down below your favorite pizza
topping join us tomorrow for what oh
we're at two different locations
tomorrow who's gonna take the camera we
could take two cameras these are the
things I think about don't forget to
call me down below because we want to
know when you're too lazy to get a bed
to close the video out to celebrate
thanks for watching
Britt Haley
