time for my tally
happy Mother's Day to all your you
parents out there if any of you guys are
watching go is say happy Mother's Day to
your mother's and anyways um of course
today we have to on Mother's Day it has
to be today you have to go to baseball
on Mother's Day to be thinking game
water if we look like the same schedule
and nap shows aunt hairsuit the acid
cannot she rose like every morning
then mother date then Annie's going to
be at gymnastics now
Mother's Day is always on us something
exactly say is on a date right it's like
the birds Sunday busted a second Sunday
and I can Sunday in May I guess and the
reason they put it right there so
everybody can spend time with their
mouths that go to baseball all about
baseball hey were you spending time with
your mom baseball and you're not some in
your face yeah I am
okay anyways and then after baseball at
least be good to hang out with Sid and
we're gonna go on the boat around a
goatee derivative and yada yada yada all
of that stuff riddles and we have some
exciting news in just one week Vietnam I
get are done with our dough soda
why do you get pancake
okay and
and I get better
you don't even like butter on your pap a
video since when
you ever gotten don't ruin the moment
anyways yeah let's go do something not
fun and then something really fun and
and yeah ok looks bad you don't have to
just sit there hey can you wait and
nothing hey yes
are you thinking what do you think about
drinking your first drink of soda in a
lie so I don't know which episode and I
should you should I drink like who's
actually be a good like Oh sir call me
double o shahi drink sprite root beer
good like Dr Pepper pip coke what should
I drink and from motherfu oh I know what
I'm drinking he's kidding drinking not
get bad about her pimp because they're
very similar and I don't care which one
that's what I'm Kay I think I'm I knew
dr. pepper or Ruby or spice hey did
either dr. pepper
oh my god
nervous - yeah me Annie what you do with
this producer a secret yeah it is so hot
out today so we're in Game two we've won
the first one winning a second room well
I yeah you're sitting in the shade and
stay out of the Sun I've got some
friends over here who are bored oh I
can't look
why because you can't okay the say may
be over really soon and we are only in
the bottom of the first and we scored a
lot of runs everybody's hitting nailed
that one foul ball we are isn't it yeah
I think we've we've already batted
around the whole lineups about it our
number three hitters up again to our
whole line is gone and we're starting
again no you're not doing anything no
you're not pickings on get away be until
that be me and Haley were making Ronnie
like for Mother's Day
oh it's so pretty
I love it I found a monkey in a tree
Haley you're gonna get out too far that
you can't get down how are you gonna get
down
okay don't go any higher how are you
gonna get down another monkey don't go
out to the edge the branches aren't
strong enough out there stay close to
the tree trunk yes it yeah that one's
not okay you need to come down true
I think our rides here is that it that's
the ending
I think that's it I don't know must've
been from the sleepover Tricia's I got
you on the camera you see you zoom in
yeah I'm zoom way in and then I shake
you look how pretty that pooches are
this is a good way to go to dinner
thanks for taking me to dinner Caleb did
you bring your wallet yeah it's the
bonds brother Fang say smothers day ever
huh yeah I got a dandelion from Caleb
you gonna pay for it I gotta pay for
dinner
what'd you bring you're hitting was a
good Mother's Day gift
Oh
I had three doubles and I know you've
gotta count that one day three people
one day before know when to do 4 4 comes
after 3 but you didn't hit for it also
good at mad good at you oh my sure you
are and this is where we sit and wait
for our table fall in and dance in and
fall in she's gonna try to give in to
the hatch then you're going to be going
after it don't miss of course you are
Haley this is where it all goes wrong oh
she misses alright just shove it in dad
don't stand on the window drop it in ya
where were you what you guys were gone a
long time I'll let it slide into your
trap wiping up trash was there a lot of
traffic down there yes really good job
girl so Jay as you can see we're playing
goldfish
why not good I don't like gold you that
goal is that called goldfish it's Kyle
right right goldfish go one fish orange
fish one fish two fish red fish blue
fish orange fish okay my goodness fly
yeah junebug that's junebug and son of a
new vision for the job but he's so
and how can you tell cuz around the
Bakke speeds bug he speaks
they're screaming on 1 June ball it
landed on any of flies flies around and
screaming like a two-year-old have two
years old right now I'm Jonah house what
am i doing I'm not scared of a bulky I
go over there forever
all right let's go why can't butterfly
later my nose and I screamed and in big
fir that it's just an employee
oMG but what but you are so pretty out
here
yeah just like Luke just like Luke any
ever hear any call your brother pretty
pretty ah
pretty for
don't beat her you want to say hey look
nah brah sit down
what are we learning today we're
learning I'll swim no you need to learn
to swim yeah yeah yarn taught us how to
counsel share castle hustle back well
you know what light I will beat you walk
in your sleep all day sleep yeah how do
you sleep he doesn't ever
like that
me I'm never gonna go up cuz we're never
lay still and I need my you guys quiet
or when pirates are gonna kick it if
you're not quite as the fires are gonna
get your why would I be quiet don't
you take your IRIScan here's a bug on
you it will off easy to parry but it
would land amusing
oh wait that looks it l om o L lol Oh
light or pizza why are you lights okay
yeah he's so burned a hot tub buddy
somebody tub tub tub and well it's the
end of Mother's Day and we'll never have
another Mother's Day again because we're
done with Mother's Day like done totally
done by Danny and I mom's gonna get the
question the day books we can do a
question of the day and I never have two
Mother's Day again and um well I'll just
wait
yeah are you whistling whistling look
you know I picked this one what I never
wanted to run away yeah is it one I
remember which do you like better
mittens or gloves and why because you
get fingers yeah something gloves
because men's are like
knowing Haley you like gloves better why
they're coming
yeah
look at this you could be Santa Claus
something different about you eastream
killed your man you have a life jacket
on in here without the thing
hi Jenny Annie was trying not to get wet
says he's in short she just wanted to
put her legs and Katie did that the
other day as a sleepover in her pajamas
and she she went all the way in I went
all the way in - yeah Caleb I was
getting out yep oh well that's end of
mother's day forever never gonna have
another Mother's Day he's over here no
you said that we're having one next year
same time same place
no not and anyway so I guess we'll see
you guys all tomorrow and the next day
the next day
the next day so on so on and well coming
to look to another some today is what is
there what would you rather know what is
your preference
Oh fancy words
gloves or mittens and and why so hey
babe
thanks for watching
Britt Ailey
