time for what Amy hello guys
right now we are packing up some stuff
to go to the new house because we are
just tired of staying here we have
another house to go to so right now I'm
just like getting some trophies and
stuff then I can bring over there so we
are still getting the work that we
planned on doing it's just taking a
little longer than we thought for them
to start like let's take a look yeah
they're not gonna start for a while and
the works gonna take a little while so
we're just slowly but sure you're gonna
break that child oh geez right I'm gonna
try and pack that stuff and see if it
fits
cuz it's probably Bevin I'm carrying now
okay
by the way and if you didn't know so
this is what we're doing
it's hacking fit you got one end what
they can shove you can squish the
stuffed animals they don't have feelings
stitch I love stitch putting on a big
one in first you want to come see my
closet daddy took some of the stuff out
of me got hurt
oh it's empty we've been doing this all
day
well Annie was at gymnastics and now
that she's home you didn't lose these
yes where this is no yep this is gonna
be Hailey's why can't I get your
scissors because this won't this matches
Hailey's bed now you're giving hailey
your old bed and that will match it
that's why I dunno if I don't have a
canopy so don't get a canopy he'll white
Kennedy all right back to work we got to
make a trip over there any we've got to
go we've got it the car is loaded we
don't have any more room I'm glad you
got bub
where you going hey Hayley's fault if
she doesn't end up with stuff but she's
too busy playing outside so hi two
nightstand my trophies my shoes bub and
hold my host um suitcases filled with
stuffed animals oh good you're gonna be
at home
Oh bub sit up bub there we go
I like club all right let's hate Bob and
II thought you racks bub take Bob jr.
live has Bob and see if daddy's got any
room in the car for any of that
Carrie what Carrie okay yeah go see if
he's got room for above jr. here's a
peek at the car we've got a chair our
living room chair that's gonna go in the
mommy and daddy's room nightstand stools
table Bob jr. right there good Bob jr.
yeah you can't be Bob it doesn't look
very comfy here bub
a little tall dude there you go
better there comfy yeah you look good
bub so now that we have gotten all of
the stuff to the house right now I am
getting all my stuff in out of the car
into the house and out of the packaging
and into my room and I've done my
trophies and my chute is my trophies too
mush and found it my grown up dolls hair
Laurie written here's my growing up
dolls and I'm going to put them in my
closet I have my bed over here my setup
and yeah I'm still I think I'm almost
done but yeah Kayla will be filming next
to Dubai so yeah baseball jersey here
and just teensy just bunch of clothes
what's not so is that's a really special
noodle but that's when I like what I got
and all my shoes and add him cord and
now let me show you my dark room
pleasant surprise what are you doing now
spying money eating oh she got cold
ready ready yeah
she's coming up light okay um as you can
see it's really dark but um I like to
just want to wait on my bed
so um not much and you guys have already
gotten to see my room but we are finally
starting to move into the room and well
we don't have everything but we're gonna
make another trip to the house after we
stop and get something like to eat real
quick I don't know if you guys can see
me I'm sorry you can't it's kind of hard
to you know throw a ball in catch it and
um all the Khitomer in the right
position um this is getting boring
because I know it's getting boring for
you guys too
so let's go do something more
entertaining hopefully I really hope
that we started doing things worked it
out more entertaining
because to tell you the truth um we just
did like you know staying home for the
past couple of days
um but hoping since now we're getting
into spraying and then summer or finally
start going fun places again and going
on trips even though we didn't just go
to ttpm hey Dad
Oh cuz I was showing them dad filming
it's pretty so so so I am going to show
you some of my half and almost done with
it
half of my so half of my room that Oh
must have stuff in it so it has all the
stuff out but not organized so but it
sets the bed so through the bed and here
joy not pretty
except this oh you don't
it's really hard to see it's great so
what there isn't here is this and just
say it just is a pancake I don't know
why in the book and then grab a book and
the pink not big bit so these are this
mask is mask you get to go to sleep
there's never one and there's a mickey
hey mickey wait a bit and then i have a
bellyful out of it and love elephants
well a yummy horse that has marshmallows
names Marsh Marsh mellow
this is public and mind me a paper plate
it yes yes d Mama's head like weight
dare dare what I'm pointing it I have my
visa in my hand cuz it's my desk bring
it and I'm going to eat you because
everyone - is asleep you look delicious
and scrumptious pizza didn't your
anything I'll call you squishy right you
should be bias move little Yugi a
Tofurky that's what she bags would you
keep it up and Wow I got your spicy meat
good mood your life and you in your
Friday night when everybody else is
doing we're here eating pizza because we
don't have any food in the house because
we just moved in like beads up and we
like pizza I think this is official
we're officially well we're not like
completely moved in because we don't
have all of our furniture yeah you know
gotta wait for the movers to bring our
furniture it does look just like home
messy Hey oh my god Thank You
mogollons I go down that way
I was trying to film you singing I don't
know I think I turn it on right you stop
singing I couldn't even hear what you're
saying
the happy person yeah you're right about
killing puppies only doesn't help it
oh my gosh you're fighting about
cleaning write that down I gotta walk
I'm skip mommy
yeah it is my love cleaning is my love
Oh
Hailey's my love duh me speaking of ugly
puppies can you gonna let the dogs out
of the cave broom sounds like you need
to do some cleaning
Oh
I know amazing Bravo next door next up
Caleb be amazed and dancing BuChE BuChE
BuChE BuChE okay
how about a daughter here
alright guys that was tired go lay down
by I have this awesome dance move any
character that's the bear yeah okay all
right nighttime trampoline jumping got
the moonlight well the water is really
high it's kind of spooky out here yeah
my issues oh no allergies is only my
left eye though huh her eyes are itching
look how pretty the moon is fighting
fear you down it scared me just putting
the lights in we've got lights we've got
one more light
oh yeah d I'm ready what are you doing
oh I know what you're doing I remember
I'll show you how to be a pro does it
little bro that's you by the way yeah
Tara get some good height side aerial
Tigers are doing gay okay oh all right
daddy's turn we're preparing for the
gymnastics family gymnastics challenge
to the side and get always back because
what if I come flying for for some
reason that's what we're thinking about
doing for our fifty nine hundred fifty
thousand subscriber shoutout yes good
yes sure a front pack I like the grunt
that was good I love them Haley turn Oh
Haley the only one I haven't seen yet oh
and I guess they're just gonna tap the
turn in to tune into our video to see my
front flip oh hello guys back to the
bushel day in them yeah it's kind of
weird mom why why it's weird
why cuz you're actually holding the
camera I know you guys usually have been
doing the question the day by yourself
that's Allison okay so what's occurs in
the day all right I've got one picked
out as soon as the camera stopped
playing blurry
any choice you tell you guys why I'll
have a lag on my fear that would be nice
hang on though cuz I think it's still
blurry
okay I think already why do you have a
rag on your face I have allergies and
they might I start to burn when I'm out
yeah we were outside dumping on the
trampoline all peaceful-like and I
stopped filming because it was too dark
and you guys miss so much
Caleb need himself in the nose we got a
bloody nose and a knees I started to
burn and I did nothing
okay would you rather get together with
your friend every day for a month or
every weekend for a year
as the memory a day was month every
every day for you every day for a month
Haley says everything for you that's
what she said
no oh yeah no um Annie said every day
for a year no she didn't every week on
for a year and what's your choice my
twins hmm well I think I'd be sick my
friend by the time if it was every day
so I'd have to say every week but every
week for a year
let's do the math so we have three
sticks left you can see my eyes so I am
how many weeks in a 52 52 so that's our
answer and then a 52 times our 30 times
yeah so there's your answer Haley what
would you rather see your friend 30
times or 42 times yeah well if you count
both days that weekend thank you there
you go then fine 32
there wasn't an answer for 30 time then
20 well my mom's doing the ambulance
sign so we have to wrap up a video
anyway so this I do this when they've
been talking too long so I don't
interrupt wrap it up
then I don't interrupt but it doesn't
help when Caleb calls me out with an
interruption so you guys tomorrow
because what usually we do we see you
see you guys Muro Muro tomorrow and um
but anyhow your allergies over there
horrible oh that's like okay how many
omens you guys are getting blurry in
heroine of a lot of light but sorry
coming up look see one another today
ease
do you like I should know um would you
guys see your friend four days every day
for a month or okay babe with the Legion
what every weekend for a year wait time
out I have a question why every weekend
right hmm
so that would be tuned did you not hear
Annie say that like five minutes ago
away so that means 52 times 52 no no no
don't do 52 times 52 52 times to Caleb
oh oh geez how are you packing your
mouth you flex 50 okay there you go
Oh far you really didn't hear anything
oh and I know I can hear you you must to
Eagle hi guys cool spy
baked potato baby thanks for watching
Britt Ailey
