today I'm Batali time for me okay so
we're in the car heading to practice
before we do the practice we're gonna do
practice so we're gonna practice before
the actual practice that make sense
look I'm ready
so
ah
last year we rode nice
Oh
Oh
see those are long drops
take this from either side one more
it's only good
okay guys so I am pretty much worn out
because I got there an hour early to
baseball and then I was there for like
two hours and so I was I was pretty long
tired and anyways huh I said a kick back
um um well a pair this is a suitcase so
that isn't the suitcase is for we're
going on another trip can you believe a
piper another days you're gonna be left
you're all alone and tear up stuff are
you ready go doggie hotel oh you get you
get to tear stuff up there good job to
better okay so anyways um as you can see
um we have quite a bit of stuff in here
and I'm all like but it's only like a
one-day trip and they're like where what
if we get pie spilled on us then there
you go
um and so if you guys don't know where
we're going we're going to New York to
go to like Toy Fair if you don't
remember we got invited to ttpm last
year and this year and what ttpm is is
it stands for time play magazines they
have like a blog what probably website
and it's really cool because pretty much
we can go around and show you guys all
like the new toys and stuff for the
summer and all that and it's really cool
and well that's gonna save a lot of
laundry over here um and so um well pipe
are you prepared if you like toys there
might be doggy toys over there but we're
not gonna get you any um
Oh shoo it down she said
made for item maker cry you made her cry
yeah so mom what you got a nice little
blonde over here I know those are all
the clean clothes that need to be blown
away yeah
and if you're wondering where Annie is
she's at where she what I can't hear you
sleep sleep over what a surprise no it's
a surprise huh thought it was so she's
gonna hopefully be back tomorrow
hopefully or we're just gonna let her
stay there forever
what's he gonna New York with us all
right here's a question uh yes had there
been a time where Annie hasn't been in a
video all day here today today she
wasn't in it all day today yeah I think
that this I'm sure there's been a video
somewhere that she hasn't been in yet
legal missus Dallas to be heard Academy
there's dad where you haven't been in it
right yeah I didn't the spotlights Oh
Hayley Hayley Hayley I'm hey late anyway
I'm Hayley really we didn't know you
were Hayley handoff so off to another
adventure tomorrow
yep what will we do what kind of trouble
can we get into or out of Oh we're gonna
get kicked out oh no we're not getting
try to get to kick down there Hayley why
would you say that bad what's it go no
oh yeah vo9 your gory mugging in amazing
I want to see that she got a shot today
because she was getting all her
up-to-date on all her shot did she cry
guess how much she weighs I remember the
other day and I said I think about how
much you weigh
I said she weighs about 55 pounds
ah okay there do Hey she left the DA no
I was just a little off yes she 73
pounds
excuse me pie for a bad angle yeah don't
ever have it
Cara you're more than 26 pounds but when
he does way more than you she is a solid
marshmallow fighting all they ever do
how much do you weigh 24 pounds no 50:24
you're more than 24 pounds so visit a
5-4 let's go look No
are you reading a 5 backwards I was
thinking you're 40-something no there's
no way you only wait 24 pounds Matt move
back back up that's Kathy Rohan us huh
am i right does it try again put your
hands down fast see it was on the line
which made it off you're 41 pounds okay
guys so as you can see I'm an Annie's
room because we are going to rate her
Jake um so I just thought it'd be funny
you know since Amy's gone to do the rest
of the day in her room anyways
so let's move on to go today which we're
gonna do Yoshi
oh I will deal with you sit down so
we're gonna do it out of this is this
with that book Haley pick good
come inside stop SOPA stop stop stop
stop this one go to the same okay here
we go
the rest of the day is give up your milk
on cereal or give up your ketchup on
fries give up ketchup on me too
got adversarial yeah um so I guess you
gotta wrap it up so just me and girls in
here nice sisters those at someone's
house having about a friend results
Keith at someone's house sleeping over
so still sleeping over and my mom and
dad does watching TV in their room it's
weird
Haley yeah are you allowed to go sleep
over at strangers houses yes no no it's
kind of funny how and he's the only one
that's not hearing on yeah we were in
her room yep
slight what you didn't realize room yeah
yeah I get my I get my room in her room
really mixed up key hands okay so be
smart now and um anything else you got
to say
Oh amazing your brother's oh yeah my
brother is so amazing awesome so
talented
what you learned about me mmm Haley he's
wearing a tank top
seriously
 baked potato baby thanks for
watching birthday Lee
