being so quiet I'm so proud of them legs
moving yours on camera I don't think we
saw you like you're Pickers yeah
what's on your forehead now I'm so proud
of how quiet they did try not to talk
you got to we're timing we'll have to
stop it down you guys are at 40 minutes
of quiet enough much better so we know
this right now it's at 4:30
um 37 seconds and they're in 33 seconds
that will change but it's like when this
goes to 15 that will go to 56
congratulations
it's cool cuz I didn't even plan that
yeah we're having a much quieter school
day see I'm in the popular and if Kris
she ate them all
I who was glaring light to 100 but you
didn't even watch the last like 20
seconds of your video
whoops I know to get sidetracked
sometimes sometimes she takes him off
cuz she's like I already know you're
slow okay so everybody gets a chance to
say what they're working on in school
hey what what are you working on in
school today I'm doing a test here to
get back to work that's a lot of
nescience
learning advanced stuff like what are
you learning about I'm doing Matt and
I'm doing Oh what's it called I'm so sad
my favorite subject and one at a time
there anytime it was Amanda telling me
oh man yeah thousand words uh-huh
exponent like bang over the hole yup
it's like that except they're
permutations and there's a number of
them there's an exclamation point so say
the change in the next time maybe 5
times 4 times 3 times 2 times 1
whoo okay Moo what oh are you gonna put
the double back before this I am going
to put the double back now since you
just said it so you want to introduce
the clip yeah on your face no it's my
thing
see hey MA no we're gonna put up clip of
Annie doing a double back off the bar
right yes
besides I know I saw my first one my
splat I didn't see that one you guys
were working on upgrades today okay
moves gonna go back to her test we're
gonna hold a clip to double back what I
said when I point into when I pointed I
said oh and your mom's videotaping no
pressure okay roll the clip to that oh
no Annie was a safe emphasis so I'm so
sad because science my favorite subject
science ends at what I drew in 30 days
and that's in four and then what do you
move on to help good help
boo that's a history of science now roll
the clip to the double back all right
huh no dudes a little like Turney
squared thing okay roll up okay I'm
going to be in a square so we're we're
in with the square beetle I don't know
makes us so complicated all right so
Eddie
I am sitting on the couch right now I'm
really relaxed because I had a good
practiced it was very fun
so I did so you know how I roll I rolled
I
yeah rolled right yeah I rolled the clip
yeah I rolled the clip to my double back
on it off bars well after that I did a
double back into the pit so roll the
clip to that roll good I did a bunch of
double back yeah get on how everything
outfits all mountain face with your
faithful yeah okay so your mouth no my
face that's your face whole bar sign way
up take note of Caleb's outfit is on yet
it completely matches what I believe or
orange in mine it doesn't I know I'll
try to tell him that you can't just
blindly push blindly pulling clothes out
of the drawer first when he sees
it's illegal in this state no you're
gonna be arrested cute if you just wear
black pit and I'm sure you will get
better and take your fashion advice from
your six-year-old sister thank you
Ranjan red doesn't match in black
doesn't with food yeah black does she
said go find a black black pants and
then put a shirt on and not she's saying
that black doesn't match your larger get
ready why you're having this way oh I
can swing in and jump
oh ah
make sure you're following for when that
wall Hailee's turn you guys are mean to
that baby sister you don't even have the
hang you're touching up no twenty leg
loves young lady wait other way you can
do it this way leg lifts ready and 2010
I was kidding 1 2 3 4 5 6
I got 6
seven in the t-38 nine ten whoa you're
on fire
come on winning I work out you're not
even helping yeah everything okay she's
running look like up there guys a bar
grab a diaper all right ready already
one now they got a fight
Oh jinx and now I gotta do some
cartwheels on this match daddy's big ol
uniforms
what's I do right now
me and Haley are making a card for my
coach's birthday and we're we are making
him right now like cards and we have
like all of our table stuff like it's
like all over the place
and for like evening right kind of it's
like all over the place and yeah and it
is time for the rest of the day so the
question today is you hear a bump in the
night what do you do are usually I'm of
course an angel I usually try to hug
your knees and snuggle up hmm I would
look around and I run into my mom the
dad room why not try to go to sleep baby
that's all your answers he'll be glad in
it
don't forget to come down below cuz we
want to know that quitting today
you hear about in the night - what do
you do I would check outside you guys
nose all day if you don't if it is if
you hear a bump in the middle of the
night what do you do see I think it kind
of depends if it's a loud bump that's
like that would be like oh no I should
go check that out it's just a subtle and
bump like this boom then I'm just gonna
go back to sleep but anyways um coming
down below is bunk another night what
would you do anyways come down below
because we know we already know I take
hard I said that I'm losing my mind you
I don't even know where anyways bak see
you guys tomorrow birthday baby
thanks for watching Britt Ailey
