time for what Amy hello everyone well
right now I am doing my hair because I
am going to a a surprise party for Liz
birthday and she doesn't know anything
about it and I'm doing my hair all right
now and there's not like the greatest
right now pick it but hopefully will
look better but the end I when I take it
out because I'm wanting it to be crunch
and I want to kind of crimp it with the
crimper but remember like at gymnastics
how're you usually braid this and then
put it in a ponytail it was really
crimped so I'm just gonna do that and
hopefully it will work
so gotten one side done and here is how
it looks
yep I've already gotten dressed and this
is what I'm wearing and yeah I'm just
getting ready now I am done and here's
what it looks like and it feels really
weird but hopefully will work and yeah
just down here one little thin but it
cares nothing really nothing really
belong about my shoulder but didn't feel
very good okay anyways tiny okay so now
I am done with my hair and I took it out
and here is what I did with it I just
pulled this back with a clip
oh like some of the front bangs back
with clip and the other half back of
clip and you this is how crimped it is
it's like literally as curling yeah see
smart curly this is anyway
it's cramped anyways yeah I'm almost
ready all I've put in my bag is my
toothbrush in the bunkie so yeah where
you could ride yeah
what you doing my goodness we were doing
the same thing Saturday night and we did
on Friday night except we're missing an
e right stat the sleepover our day is
almost done
mm-hmm yeah so what do you want to talk
about you have a mother-daughter
discussion you go first okay let's see I
didn't think you were gonna agree I
wasn't ready for this for my goodness um
how was your day good it went silent
what should be the question of the day
what since the day's almost over
favorite animal put your favorite animal
in the whole world
okay what oh I love this mommy's a dog
oh my favorite animals definitely a dog
no we mean like Oh like a zoo and oh my
favorite zoo animal is definitely a
giraffe yeah she likes your ass yeah I
do I do
and our favorite animal that can nicely
be a pet dog you like cat better than
dogs
I don't think no tell them I'm their guy
cry gonna find them quit start down here
where are they
Piper I have some very very sad news to
tell you can you come over here and sit
down
yeah come here okay sit down sit down
this is gonna be hard to hear sit
Oh a whinnies coming to whinny we have
some sad news to report
don't cry okay
listen hey I'm over here hello um hello
thank you attention attention um Haley
wants to tell you that she likes I know
brace yourselves Winnie she likes hey
Piper she likes cats better than dogs
that one there
can you believe it I know I will hold
you babies better to fight Saturday
Night Fights
Piper Birds is Winnie think when he's
playing in this corner weighing in at 55
pounds we have Piper licious I don't
know yet and in the other corner
weighing probably in the same weight of
55 pounds
Winnie licious and I'm voting ah whoa
wow the mornin
hi don't go any go any go right here
go Annie go away Go Go oh yeah you're
out of the ring you're don't be doing do
what you need Oh where's my hailey boys
mmm
oh they're on the way Tring to get mine
stayed unique in what we do like you do
hoops you're locked up I could do keys
in the corner daddy yes this is our is
our Saturday night entertainment what
too late as harm daddy wins raise up his
arms champion lay down your bite or I
make it up break it up ding ding ding
ding hey the match is over oh I am
fighting money
oh oh yeah I did use the easies I just
put her down one cool thing
oh gosh I just do flip it around and
don't hold up gosh I don't know that
it's on or not yeah jack boom yeah it is
yeah okay don't let me take them outside
their roughhouse again see you going
with you oh yeah okay I got gotta do Oh
as a training by the way raining okay
it's raining okay guys it's raining yes
I can't go home yeah there ya go
oh go go every time is every time it's
raining okay okay god is poor dog
it's raining it's raining training like
really hard
thank you Beckett okay the other door
got it now dad was it raining really bad
I wonder if I would replace both do we
cancel tomorrow whoo got drama that's
the fence
they'll have to tune in tomorrow to see
ya hmm oh hello come on up Winnie all
right well you want to go um
knock on Caleb's door and tell them the
question of the day you got your
favorite animal be right back guys hey
yeah here is time Brooks today which is
it what is your favorite animal and my
favorite animal if you don't know it's a
zebra and it's a quick question that it
really is today because I'm a pink but I
knew it and anyways um well I guess
we'll see you get some more remember to
comment down below to know thirst of the
day is what's your favorite animal and
baked potato baby
thanks for watching
Britt Ailey
