oh here we go this is what the morning
looks like when they sleep in my bed
this is my spot and these little cuties
slept in my bed with me last night
hailey stop bow and they are in good
mood actually hailey isn't a good mood
she woke up first which never happens
it's Sunday morning here and he's going
back to the recording studio to do the
bulk and finish shouldn't do much
yesterday Annie
kind of just rehearsed so we can record
today okay so um we're gonna get this
day started
we slept in more than we wanted to sleep
in today I didn't okay so it's breakfast
time early no it's really not it's
actually kind of late so it's clean the
bedroom get ready for the day and school
until it's time to walk out Hailey's
decided she's gonna stay here no guys
not buyers her cell daddy's coming and
she and Haley wants to stay with him cuz
we're gonna be in the studio for a
couple hours so um he if he makes it on
time it's gonna be cutting it close he
lands in an hour but then you know
traffic so we have to welcome to the
morning she laughing she laughing at
herself work she cry I'm making her get
out of the bed I told him they have 20
minutes to get up and eat breakfast or
they have to skip breakfast she's crying
and I think it's already been two
minutes since I said that so I'm
thinking they better hurry up yesterday
yesterday we were so proud of ourselves
because we remember we didn't have plans
because our plans kept getting switched
and then we ended up having to go we're
needing to go and we literally got ready
in 20 minutes
it was amazing
all right guys I'm gonna drag these
girls out of that literally oh god Annie
okay I think I can do the little old dad
wait I got alright I'll do the other
thing I know how to do to get you out of
bed all right I think we're awake no
Haley when you faked sleep you should
probably close your eyes here Annie
here's your bag full of merch Wow
bitter we I have people working on that
let me polish
that's not nice that's that's like back
to my junior high days leave it until it
falls off the walls
it stays it's only held on by masking
tape so I think it will like crumble
it's cute you guys there's merchan that
bag to give to some of your friends I
think any of your friends want some
Annie merch Haley wants more than just
merch
Haley wants like design like clothes oh
you do yeah it's my tummy oh I want one
thing I'd left it at the house like name
you don't want just your name on it you
want I want one like almost like a story
that doesn't have anything mean it's
like just your brand like it's not like
yeah it just wants to be like a fashion
designer right yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah
well pick it up when you drop something
you guys who does this are we the only
people who do that you bring your
popcorn home yes
no I'm not it was a rhetorical question
okay Paige
no I don't think I'll walk down there
they gotta burn it off but you can have
a cookie just can't have all the cookies
alright so I think we said that I think
it's funny how my all our plans keep
changing didn't we say that Haley was
gonna stay with Daddy
well she's needed she's got a small
little thing that needs to be captured
today oh that you had ordered forever
ago
Dungey jacket she bought that with our
own money my friend okay
so Haley is going she doesn't get just
sit around all day she's gonna what's
that I love that case no she doesn't get
to be a lazy bum sometimes it opens when
you knock how'd it go goat knock on it
again
I don't understand
we should be walking out the door
instead we're teasing a fake cat you
guys ready
you just smush him walking out the door
got a name him Felix
cuz there's we shouldn't name him Felix
cuz there's already a Felix like AB but
how about Phoenix
that's how names are born nope there's
already a cat named Garfield - Coker at
a sweatshirt because we know it gets
cold here when the Sun Goes Down
we need to go to Hollywood California
please make sure you do you know how to
start it no you got to put your foot on
the brake you know which one the brake
is no the brake is the bigger one cuz
I'm always like why would the brake be
the bigger one okay push the brake and
don't take your foot off the brake and
then push it don't don't take a break no
you can take it we're in park oh you
take your foot off the brake
no put your foot back on the brake and
then turn that little knob till it goes
to the our push your foot on the picture
puts on the brake I can't be because
hard on the brain what are you doing as
you turn the light on
hey you got the brake brake push that's
all just well you're fine go ahead and
to our little knob right there
okay now if you if you gently take the
brake off you'll get back up okay not
break no no yeah back to the piano yeah
it's hard to go back to no any sauce go
back to pee all right we get look we
brought a bag for trash and we bought
brought a bag in for anything that needs
to go in to back into the apartment
they're gonna clean while we drive clean
up clean up
Hey do you understand which ones for
trash cuz there's death my trash in here
okay the first thing we do when we get
here
I don't know well the first things they
do when we get here is yeah we ate right
before we left and now you're in a stew
manga actually that does sound yeah
she's alright so we're good chocolate
covered gearing up before they get into
the studio what is this they're gummies
they're vitamins jeez
wait so we're back at it again into the
studio okay I think josh is gonna sit at
the piano go
we're sending any in with their supplies
for throat lozenges and for cheap and
right now a studio we know oh great I'm
super tired so I'm laying down on the
floor
no one's gonna clap for you mm-hmm I'm
standing and evading Haley's up you
could you're done
good how you feelin have you ever
recorded a song on a microphone is this
your debut you better get the energy up
look nervous
tired right oh just like literally tired
okay Annie's gonna show you what to do
give her some throat lozenges okay I
don't think she knows quite how to feel
not while she's singing you got it all
tangled my friend yeah teamwork
I need to get pictures yurts are here
you're just singing the chorus I think
and you're gonna sing into this thing is
don't put your mouth on it wait is this
it cor you point to the chorus for her
good luck she's so busy on her phone
turn that mute that cuz yeah I can hear
you can you mute your phone mute it
because we'll be able to hear it yes I'm
going to teach you how to properly group
up okay this is how to warm up or
something that I've never done before in
my hair looks like this okay first you
want to do is you want to do the what
everyone does first one okay single one
this is a my own what you need to learn
it because it works even though I
haven't tried it yet okay so here it
goes up is warming up here we go thank
you um
next one is the clap your hands very
likely and the next one is given
a minute okay next one just relax your
head bring it down thank you um next one
is the arm stretch wait we're doing
singing okay we are going to okay next
one is called the card and now she's
copying my steps it works
and next one we're gonna do this again
because be Annie's watching and she
needs to learn okay okay Annie copy okay
never mind
she's not copying Annie what are you
eating oh why that is not good I wrote a
song saying some things you want to see
my awesome skills ready watch
this is a warm-up okay thank you for
watching my channels
can she get up fares oh that's a wrap on
hey first time in the studio hey Haley
you nailed it they said you had great
timing and you can record a record any
beautiful as always but you're old news
move over Annie I love you Annie
it was it was her first time so we have
to like make a big deal about it she did
it you guys both did wonderful thank you
no you voted really well just it was
good to hear Haley in there Danny it's
okay it's okay
through it she thought you know she
thought you were like you know we're all
right we're good everyone's good
everybody did a good job even daddy is
very supportive I did so good all right
what are we doing what's the plan we
headed home because we've got early call
times someone
hi the 6:45 call time and someone at a
seven o'clock Haley you know I realized
that the good thing about that is mommy
can take both you know it's over
Haley's filming another round of Manny
what do you how do you feel feel pretty
good you feel good about them and back
to the Manny the man in that set stay
tuned guys stay to the tunes and she's
on fire she's like yes um do you want to
start recording something no okay all
right no grouchy
are you grouchy I need a non grouchy
child we've got a flashlight what for oh
that explains the grouchiness and this
light doesn't work I think daddy's about
to run to Home Depot to get this light
fix the bulb burned out I really thought
when I came in here earlier it was on
the bed we're on the hunt for a blankie
the bed was clean because you cleaned it
Haley shine that flash out in that bed
Haley made the bed today any schools on
top of it but she did pretty good
we'll find it
wouldn't you did school and she says
yeah because she's in a bad mood okay so
I think that leads me to the question of
the day is do you sleep with anything at
night question of the day if she could
find it she would we'll find it after we
wrap this up they've got to get to bed
early we have early early call time 6:45
for this one and seven for this one
yeah you're going at 6:45 we're all
going at 6:45 thanks Haley we could have
slept in 15 minutes all right
do you sleep anything at night but any
with anything at night like a stuffed
animal or a blankie you do right Caleb
bear Haley nope she doesn't sleep with
anything anymore weird why is that weird
Haley
your 813 you were right the first time
alright my friends we're I'm gonna make
them brush your teeth and get pajamas on
and I'm gonna help her find her blankie
if it gets more dramatic we will come
back what if we find it we're gonna end
the video here if we can't we're gonna
let you see how tortured Annie is if we
can't find the blankie
we're gonna find it though it's in here
somewhere all right I bet I find it in
five minutes thank goodness
what'd you just say you're no gonna help
me find it guys thanks for tuning in
what you guys gotta say always remember
to celebrate life
thanks for watching
tailee
