since I went to school of gymnastics
Amanda Amanda eats because she was a
little late getting out isabella is
quietly reading olivia is editing and
talking on her phone or timing ivenna
day I'm not just pretending
her mom's coming to get her so she
doesn't have school today she can't hear
because she's wearing my headphones well
I like you not you can I said you're not
doing anything by showing what it I
still showing what everybody was doing
are you adding him editing my video yeah
Ivano leader he had a dream I haven't
seen this yet that's the question of the
day from last night and I don't even
know what it was the day or today Oh for
today on this video right here okay if
you could make any jelly Blaine any
jelly bean flavor what would you make
and I wonder if anybody will make a
grouse jelly bean there there jelly bean
there's a bean cake and syrup jelly bean
mmm Jelly Belly makes it
yum it's actually not rash you go
probably do that la la oh my gosh I do
like that Leo sighs is that my mommy not
your size Anna okay
your mommy's here sandwiches can ice
cream sandwiches really she's ruining
the school day though I'm in charge of
school today and now look how good I did
you're hot laughs got one who's not
ready for school yet no I'm getting
fired from this job I can so totally
tell they're gonna be like mmm
Annie's mom's no longer the proctor
she's not allowed to Proctor anymore
it's miss Jen's fault though she's the
one that brought ice cream sandwiches
yeah you can't blame me I can't school
ice cream too much I can't win that
battle oh look who's here
the real puppy mark Hooper you've made
your youtube date here right yes oh good
this is Cooper we don't give you some
damage okay next Mars how can I kind of
make them do school when you bring
puppies in a cream sandwiches I hope
it's not melted oh that's nice I get a
favor for the puppy oh you young people
did you have me bags like okay Cooper
all right I love these little pretty
good not my fault when they don't get
school done today
there's an ice cream sandwiches Michael
you're an ice cream sandwich or a bar
there bars are second are on Mary Dumber
very come on poppy
I'll give you the puppies Silas I traded
your coffee funny dang apologies
deviation so what is the occasion
Hey Oh Joey face
cha-cha-cha-cha happy what's today
this video will go up on your birthday
ah it was meant to be ice cream
sandwiches and puppies and no school no
you will be very cool I'm good are you
sure yeah I'll give you they'll pump
you're trying to convince her of it
no I know see like he's like he's like
hi these things
Cooper's a super trouper cheering you
want them happy is Winnie no not a
skinny Winnie has got some Maddy wife
wait daddy gotta be reckoned I mean all
right no I'm good I'm holding Annie's
know where you can set him down he's got
legs
so what department I never stop doing I
am pumped right now because I finally
get V on minecraft it's been so long
since I've been on minecraft because
I've been behind and some of my
schoolwork which is not a good thing so
I have not been able to get a leg off
but today I will be able to and it's
great for as many of you that know that
me on minecraft you should probably know
that I like minecraft anyways um so uh
well yes I'm gonna leave you guys to
your days and are and you guys can watch
the rest of this video in other videos
because that's YouTube um and well I
guess I'll see you guys later I don't
know much say I just want to say this
and it that's really dark in here you
guys can do it it was bad
hi what's going on in here on this
wonderful Friday night you mine I don't
have school no school auntie tired
no school oh you're not you're sad okay
good to school tomorrow I'm kidding I
mean don't cry over it and Annie just
wants to go sleep but she's got laundry
to do
we're boring people this week aren't way
this weekend
it's Friday night shorts it's Friday
night and Haley's watching videos
Kayla's playing Minecraft and he's
putting laundry away but then she's
gonna go to sleep I think she's had a
long week she's gonna watch some vision
lens umbilical hmm
she doesn't snore how is it sharing a
room with your sister since your your
mattress is up together how they you
like it with the other one think about
it what the one put your laundry away
how do you think about it what do you
think about sharing a room oh did you
fall asleep before me it's huh what
happens when - a few Falls late first
you're allowed yeah we go back to
watching videos you do after I took you
in oh she cares okay
all right tuck me in six 7:30 at night
and you're ready to go to sleep I'm
exhausted
okay need you I'm leaving
pajamas and everything yeah I need to
pop in Jenna's I want to show you guys
how curly this part of my life is that
real my braid yes because you usually
have that take free the headband yes I
think she's got fairly worn that okay
look at no talking Haley how are you
today if you have a great day
yay yay yes what do you do play and you
school did it was daddy a good teacher
daddy had the day off did he while I was
at the gym did you have a good time with
Daddy yeah yes he went see dude it looks
cramped what I see your whole head like
that it'll be cramped that's cool cool
yeah it feels cramped hmm let's watch
some videos I'm gonna sleep in there
Brady to go to sleep I'm gonna wash that
tomorrow okay I'm watching that yeah so
you got to wash your hair at least once
a year I'm watching video
just kidding kids just kidding hmm plate
lunches every two years just depend on
your hair some people have to watch the
her every day I do my question today I'm
not gonna you're not gonna make it
because I give credit to Amanda oh yeah
that's right Amanda did ask question be
a peanut and live well live told me to
tell you guys she's swag and peanut also
said that anyways the question for day
Amanda and then November earlier Amanda
asked um if you could make up a jelly
bean see what flavor would it be oh
honey I love a good one huh nice Amanda
wait was that an Tina in love yeah Tina
love it you know alright so what kind of
jelly bean flavor would you make up oh
well I don't know know how peanut I mean
Amanda said pancakes and syrup
how about bacon and eggs I think that's
our do you thing oh wait maybe not no oh
no I would um mine would
like mine would be like a seafood and
there's not one of these ah I got one
honey not wedding are let Hayley fit pop
tart who a pop tart jellybeans they're
chocolate chocolate
jellybean the fire the talking smack and
whew
oh no I got a better one cereal what
that little jelly bean has all your
breakfast in it ooh breakfast flavor
yeah
not breakfast nutrients like a vitamin
the nutrients to it has Oh like a
vitamin I know but it tastes like cereal
huh
new is mine ready mm-hmm
I'm gonna explore my mind is it gonna
explode
come back in and go back in okay what is
it here hairspray hairspray flavored
jelly bean just like a bean boozled
flavor can you know that thing running
square mind was blown why did you just
squirt it up your nose I know the nose
joke right I am elegant a bit
he was just actually doing it there's a
ruler yes
no she's not it is in her daily that's
how you do it
yes you put it on the side goober and
then it's supposed to look like you're
picking your nose
go wash your hands I'm gonna go get the
camera to Caleb
hey yes it's time for the ocean the day
which is what you jelly bean with if you
could create a jewelry world shell
around me great my answer would be lemon
on bread like lemon and butter and bread
so anyways that's a really short answer
but I thought of a long time about it
and it is coming down below because
we're in another question today
what jellybeans if you could create one
what flavor Jacob a thanks for watching
Britt Ailey
