time for what Amy hey guys so um well
it's like the middle of the day and well
well we are still don't screw up course
you know of course Annie son she's got
she's just like looks at the classes
falls into a deep sleep and she's done
some action remembers everything she's
learned anyways so um Haley and think
she's on with the first class yet um
so uh well I'm not worried and because
like I said it's the middle of the day
and he's going ideas how did you get
yeah aren't we fixing something today
well I think my mom's actually fixing
for lunch today
yeah well she hasn't even told what
we're eating for lunch today
okay sweetest Ana what's for lunch blue
apron so we've never done this before
we have no idea but let's try this so
blue apron you have all of these
ingredients delivered right to your door
which is really good for us because we
don't have to go anywhere to have to go
to the store so I just did gets
delivered right to your door and here's
the ingredients do all of these thing
three three of them and I don't know
which one we're making two of them do it
for two of them actually and not nothing
i think you decided that we're gonna do
this one okay yeah what is it
it is pan-seared steak and salsa verde
Verde Verde right so it's really cool
all the ingredients we need her right in
here so let me what we're
all right okay again oh yes I pack up in
it to keep it fresh that's big broccoli
yeah that's the exact amount of that way
that where it needs
Oh what is this purple potatoes - woman
OH
linen is that clean oh and I'm not like
oh I mean is this another girl yeah
that's a lot of garlic
oh god oh my god whoa oh poor heart stop
Oh all right cookie oh not a cookie no
stick Knick Knack yep knick-knack
so that's almonds oh and cheese and
broccoli spice one on your right under
me
well there's bubble wrap you know but
the meats in there oh oh oh very good
that's it I think they're just ice
skater I've had everything you need to
make a whole meal yeah this is gonna be
awesome so we just washed all the
veggies and right now my dad is helping
Caleb cut the what do they call it again
cut potatoes the purple potatoes now
look like potatoes whoa Harry Potter
potato cut the potatoes and while while
they're doing that I will tell you how
cool blue apron is blue apron is giving
the first 200 people who click the link
in the description to food free blue
apron meals up on their first order so
if you guys have never ordered blue
apron before and you want it yeah you
want to try it out first and repeat my
description two free meals that's pretty
cool
Haley do you want to try something cuz I
know how much you love to cook what
would you like to try what about the
broccoli next is the broccoli can you
help me die like yes you can do the
garlic and we've got
garlic yeah I'm gonna go read the
directions but we do do something I love
garlic cut anyone know we're doing
broccoli next this looks good I know
that picture delicious yummy can't wait
I never get to swim pink fresh broccoli
oh wow it's so big so we need to cut the
broccoli into small florets okay
wonderful
basically you just want the top of the
broccoli oh I can't whip your little
knife I'm gonna keep your fingers out of
the way that's the key understand what
is the feeling and what is not I love it
laughs and then I'm going okay okay let
me get it okay oh oh oh oh yeah oh yeah
I'm scared I'm gonna like break it it's
really nothing up whoo we're scaring
Annie put my MasterChef I am finally
dicing the parsley pretty good hey wait
over here needs some shopping you guys
want to try okay easy big knife keep
your hand out of the way you're a little
short I think she doesn't hardly looks
really nice it says all right be careful
daddy watch some of that knife I'm gonna
go show the yumminess in the oven we got
the veggies roasting and we're just like
chefs master chefs in here we've never
been so much cooking going on
your ever honey bun yeah no I believe
with a little boy maybe maybe they
cooked enough for people that live here
before us cookies
I know kinda nice when all the
ingredients come to you and you don't
have to go to the store
who's that rig made Hey
are you standing on clothes that smell
smell good or bad smells good it's the
veggies what is it though like really
I'm and then the garlic what you're
smelling who's excited
what is it wait hungry grinning always
excited when there's food involved yeah
that's why she's brain excellent she is
the first bite when you might tell us
what's good enough steaks are now
officially cooking good yep armpit one
okay
you're standing we open our room I wash
your hands after you're done and of
course before but we already did that
stuff
okay people watch for him
yeah
nicely done these are I mean Haley's are
a pitiful count now lunch is served
go ahead try it it looks and smells
delicious
how's that steak mm-hmm what do you
think good is so good
it looks delicious we did so good so
proud of us does it taste as good as it
looks
don't forget that if you click the link
in the description the first 200 people
will get two free meals from blueprint
yes and now we know that it's easy and
yummy two very important things been fun
I forgot that one super fun Caleb needs
a new bat so we're shopping at
supporting I said this board a good show
sporting goods store the wrong hand oh
my gosh
because you throw with your right hands
you have to catch with your left field
that ground ball put down here
oh yeah we got a real baseball wait wait
why don't we have two batters so in the
river the ball the pitch Haley pitch the
ball pitch the pretend imaginary ball
with your other hand
yeah
sea squirt bit moon giggled like a puff
of air are you kidding me okay sure
isn't laughing
we know what you gotta go do right now
by the boys shop for silly old bat what
look at the fantastic ping you need a
beanie
I think beanies are out of season its
back hey easy little tiny bit bat day
and now six finger t mind that's what
loopy yeah you should get some for her
she was taped on her fingers all the
time I let you in but doesn't she like
white I'm here to practice she can win
but you found boobs what's wrong it's a
fitness sport who fitness sport I'm
going to condition you
really a heavier one's life everyone's
easier
we gotta wiggle those hips
that's high
don't worry not water patent that yeah
you're right it says pat patented liquid
pour really that's weird
I need can you hold a hookah well
Kayla's got a stomachache he's not a
good come on baby just make your tummy
feel better or a lot worse look at you
I'm impressed
you don't you who loop it dynastic all
the time where are you going
yeah hula hoop all the way to the pan
yeah
all right put the little hips up in
Easton one-year warranty
I just like to prove that I can read it
remember that one video where I said I
couldn't read people think I can't read
you see that people I can read me don't
get mad
what don't get mad at what sidetrack
what am I not getting mad at I think
what I've he broke what it's broken
where's the other piece gone you
swallowed it so here's lays it really
broken no I'm just tricking you
yeah it's really broken I always show
yeah it's look pick it out you have like
teeth of steal what happened
see I got punched but you hurt seriously
oh I guess two days ago I forgot to take
them off and I took one bite out of
something like oh I feel it's this thing
I what are you eating well I was just
like over here I saw bubble gum I wanted
to get it was like fake taking it off
and so then I that's my friends just now
but what did you eat
what did you bite into I don't know huh
hotdog float I look goofy on that have a
bad one
we're totally gonna get one of these and
go tubing Haley you wouldn't get in that
it Ruth for us to show you guys what
we're eating for dinner what if they're
starving right born their mom's not
gonna be home to fix their dinner for
like another hour
we're mom furniture for their mom perk
up edit but they didn't she didn't cook
anything here you are eating bang bang
shrimp in front of Annie Annie can you
pass me a fork any we only have two
skills to pay the bills right here oh
yeah that you can't eat it if you can't
use chopsticks
no no bang bang shrimp for you if you
can't use a chopsticks are you doing
come on yeah that's a law there's gotta
be a law in one state like that don't
make those faces like no don't make
those faces huh you did it oh can we
knock the camera no he's got pic to your
mouth Oh what what's the blade she's
gonna actually eat it the world we live
in
yes down it just oh yeah just use your
big three minute nap I was faking me
asleep
and well really doing a good job just
found out that it would take you 31
weeks seven years to count to a billion
why you loved a billion seconds I can
feel about that
I feel pretty good to know that I've
lived a billion how many seconds hello
24 24 seconds you are young look good
for your age
wait the other way around you look bad
right bad for her age wait how long do
islands and how many seconds is 10 years
exactly 10 years so we're just gonna
write yeah what is brown - 10 years it's
a 10 years or Google in it we're
googling what are you doing Oh your mom
you're doing math yes math times 365
days in the year times 24 times 60
minutes in an hour times 60 seconds in a
minute you learn your 315,000 306 315
million at 360 thousand seconds okay my
turn now I've lived in June 15 seconds
you see that's it and ten seconds well
it took you 20 seconds just to say that
hey your break trip eeeh he didn't say
say the alphabet I also know a history
after history question hey equals how
long distance before Christ I'm not good
at that
we only limited our questions the things
you were good at we wouldn't have
conversations
could be a good question of the day okay
it was another question yes who are the
first people that God created by now
baekpa
take baby thanks for watching Britt
Ailey
