time for Latini hello to everyone
watching Hayley has a surprise to show
us I think this is the first time she's
worn this Leo right Hayley you ever worn
this Leo yeah alright let's see it
so tell us what the play-doh is this is
an old real that's like level 2 and
level 3
yep and it's me
finally cute she wore that when she was
four and five years old
well in fact and steps yeah so your
little itty bitty now there's something
that you and I need to talk about
watches very very serious what I'm gonna
show you something and you're gonna tell
me what you think about it are you
scared
why is heared can I don't know Caleb I
love it you want to join in yes Caleb
still has pajamas okay you ready
what is this
I don't ask before you never looked in
your own closet
new so here's the thing don't need Oh
should we go look at your closet no okay
then my thumb is cleaner than hers I
just have a lot she's enough oh let's go
see come on finding the closets as they
are will even look at Annie probably
messy even clean all right let's see it
sit just shoes everything else neat
let's take a look on the other side
there's a shirt hanging there sure
whatever
why are the shoes not on the show
because once I got my creatures oh yes
is oh oh you okay lives is better than
yours but there's still time you can
possibly be Annie but I have a feeling
that yours is gonna be the worst that's
why I'm having a little chat with you
we're gonna clean it before we go to
gymnastics
annie has two closets look at them today
let's do it right one first artists get
paid for sticking out oh man
okay not bad this puzzles no that's the
one we cleaned up yesterday oh not bad
she's not even here to defend herself
but I think her closets the cleanest she
H was this is so funny
I made this keep everybody comes in here
Maya made this look mom look at me
bookshelves she hasn't read I'm be her
up like I can live with myself live all
these books in the air I didn't read
them okay okay
alright so now we know what we have to
do right let's go
some candy you wish no yeah she's gonna
see this whoa whoa whoa whoa
turbo time bar put it all back no no put
it back neatly now Haley get to work oh
oh come on
all right so we'll do some teamwork get
all the clothes in a pile we're gonna
show people how to clean your closet get
all your clothes down here
Haley yeah wait Oh so first we're gonna
make a shoe pile at a clothes pile oh
okay take it all down
yeah if you want to help and we'll show
you the after when we're done this could
take a while so I'm ready for you now
fix and I won't just wanted to show you
guys after
much better can we see the other side
yes
Wow it looks really good oh right that
is much better
see the first hand
much better right it's actually using
your hundred hangers now yeah she
doesn't have any clothes hanging I don't
think doesn't that feel better all right
you ready for gymnastics right yeah
did you realize yeah another outfit I
did realize that hair's done Leo's on
here are you doing what kind of dance is
today at yourself in the mirror over
there room bling because your mom is
your yep it that is true I am so much
happier with your clean closet next
which we don't have time for right now
is we got to go to gymnastics but next
is this right that's a mess Oh baby
flower okay anyways my dress because you
know it's spring when the flowers start
to bloom
look how exciting yay
not just because the rain last night
starting to bloom because the Sun and
the rain and the temperature and the dog
barking it's all the cycle of life
anyways um so right now we are trying to
film a video here Piper and anyways the
jumping on the trampoline because it's
nothing special nothing you get home
from gymnastics and we do more gymnastic
what got in your foot one water zip it
up okay alright I want to say since it's
been so long since we've been out where
I want to see your best tricks if you
know it it can do anything new it's been
so long you can go while I'm talking god
and so so long since we've been out here
but I thought for sure she would have
some new skills front layout yeah I
think it's because of the incline the
major incline was samplings on all right
so you can't make a front aerial no I
can okay you did a front layout
how did this comes up didn't you zip it
is it broken
I told you it was broken that's creepy
look how broken like we needed a new net
you guys can see why now cool
what else you got ok back hands bring
about back layout step-out hey chica
that was a back aerial I call it a
layout step-out ok I want to do one
thing and then you can have your turn to
show us some cool tricks yes you have
enough room I mean you'll go into the
net but no I meant like you were going
frontways remember your tumbling just a
second ago no you're not gonna hit the
net you might rebound into the neck see
plenty of room all right Haley turn for
a few tricks whoa
try an aerial no hand tell show her how
to do it
close Haley you got to put a foot down
and go more like a cartwheel um Haley
got actually try to put your feet down
now what do you think of easier jumping
okay swing this leg over and it's gonna
already be over your head here
all right so watcher all right that
sounds easy you're doing like a front
flip hailey try to do a really high
cartwheel you can put your hands down
for now cartwheel yes like that but you
had to land it but you got to land it
try again
hey Winnie Winnie a piker try just a
cart with that nope no no no put your
hands down so you can learn to land it
just a high cartwheel you're good
keep doing that and go a little higher
each time no don't go uphill too big
just don't put him down for long not up
very good keep doing that and then touch
it that's a good one hailey that was
uphill try that same thing downhill ok
do it again just don't put them down for
as long
go a little higher don't go uphill go
downhill I love her new Pam you're oh
yeah it's getting real and hood all
right Haley was getting close
uh you didn't even bounce though turn
the camera on for nothing
come on now Haley that's it okay but
listen
remember chest down and which drive this
leg around make your chest go backwards
okay what you got it bounce and not put
your hands down
so is it you just gonna land it yes now
you just got to put a leg down like you
would put a cartwheel down run thank you
okay don't jump quite so high she's
going high
like I know where it's unzipping when
you guys lean up against it it's coming
unzip so zip it how to zip it every time
welcome it good try for gadget to rotate
that's like Annie used to do or she'd go
on her back you can have another turn
where did you get this is it Winnie why
can't you be as cool as that wasn't that
a bulldog we caught jumping on the
trampoline on YouTube
why can't you be that cool huh all right
sweeties all fairs are really way to go
are you stuck are you stuck okay okay
okay does winning okay good it is
returned she met after you show me your
best trick to turn Oh Haley gotta put
your feet down good try
getting Halley's almost got her back
handspring by herself remember
everything I just taught you okay I
thought you left I know you I don't need
much of a thought anymore Haley is so
close to her back hands man I just
wanted to film it so here it is that was
really good
come on remember all your steps okay sit
in your chair jump over your rainbow
stronger arms out with a good ones good
strong arms have a Haley I can't believe
how good that's gotten because we don't
work on that very often doing sounds
good
so close hey Dad jump low yeah I'm
sitting sauce to me I know a nanny
doesn't know how to sit so all day long
I've been switching between these two
axes and the ones in red accent which
I'm not very good at and one is like
this
rushon kind of thing what you guys do we
need food
we did borns we're doing the bars in
totient how could are you
I really really really do meddling you
okay very gay Brenda how many tickets
did you get good and green three for
what me alone for Gilman Ruby
jump-roping you get tickets for jump
roping mmm me okay what else
one for one more
Keenen for making her pain you got a
ticket for peanut doing something yeah
Wow sure oh the pressure pack yeah maybe
no one for mu yeah for making your new
windows you I'm a bit bored do you earn
two tickets because of other people yeah
what a great day wait illegally and
yesterday and going north penny York
patty
linking I'm repeating I don't know if
they can understand you but I guess if I
can understand you then they should be
lucky me
New York Betty that's your favorite
candy right so we do that then Amy oh
really we're still doing the Miranda
yeah I'm just gonna ban Amy and like
mommy and Danny said that we could no I
actually asked before and I was like can
we go to find below they were like no
that's how it but my BAE said yesterday
I'm alone again don't leave every minute
until now I'm really happy for what's
going on well it's closed I don't want
it to be doing it it's almost 9:00 I
don't care it's probably closed at 9:00
I'm keen we're gonna totally be those
people that walk in 15 minutes of course
door closes where is it
yeah I don't know Jimmy's right there
time boom right there it is a break I
feel thank you
he's lying guys it's like little I'm low
indeed they are happy happy
yep Gary Tong very funny very very happy
happy happy very soft okay happy happy
very very song I mean Larry he'll be
happy helping Mary song yep hi Danny
hi Nelly I'm filming right now there's
no bear into things
you're so mean to me we didn't say hello
the whole world say hi to me oh hey
gentlemen welcome back to the crystals
they were we answer questions saying you
guys awesome
anyways so Haley what's the mission
today today today link up a movie yep
what
emoji would you like to be an emoji like
what would emoji would you invent yeah
good pick any I mode you done say it is
first woo I would pick a gymnast mm okay
of course
Haley your turn Oh whoopee cushion I'm
Whoopi Christian oh I'm speaking more
whooping good hips my toy got what I
said
garros thinking which emoji uh-oh
a sad poopy face some bad coulomb I give
you smiling poop and you sad my guess he
got pooped out by the right now and and
the poop feels like everybody new gun
makes him feel like garbage but truly
deep down in his soul he's one of the
best poops to ever walk this planet he's
gonna be really famous one day
he's gonna come up with a lot of hit
songs and I was gonna love him he's
gonna walk the red carpet and all the
people that bought in the morning it was
a kid are gonna are gonna feel down
about themselves now because they bully
a famous person and then money go go to
jail he might get
I was thinking long and hard about that
one I guess so
so I'll wrap it up Annie soon this Annie
but Russ the question of the day up Oh
hailey what you can make up a boo you
what would it be
hey BAE BAE
thanks for watching
Britt Ailey
