time for my tally
what is out port aliens anyways so on
well we're headed the mall today 1d
lunch since we're done lunch to my feat
SIA DC's have grown too big for my shoes
and so we're going to go get me some new
shoes because I desperately need some
and Hayley's wearing a dress just set up
went it out yeah Haley dressed up for
the small trip she likes to dress up for
most and we also gonna try to repair my
broken bone um it was my mom's ball oh
not even near the truth really mad at me
and to my phone no that's for hat no
Caleb wants us to believe that he
doesn't know what happened I really
don't know it often like he put it on
the front this is Caleb story
go ahead he put it down on the front
porch Matt uh-huh walked away for it for
two minutes
yes ago came back to it yes and it was
moved in crap
yes yeah she's got it down I don't
believe that for a second you can ask
anybody that was with me that day that's
exactly what happened
now is completely I know he sounds
made-up but it's a truth that is what
happened I found it and it was correct
it moved and cry yes moved in back and
who would have moved it I don't know the
son
Sun God would share you good so we're
gonna see what we can do about that and
then we're also gonna eat and I really
find out I'm hungry let's go eat
sooo that
help me do this a little overwhelmed in
the shoe store
Caleb's officially graduated to big boy
shoes and a seven and a half or eight
and Haley put in a like she's stuck wait
for the to come but they're similar
here's a new one see it dude boyfriend
Eddie stop
do you see that you can feel it open the
hole size bigger
Oh Haley's doing the splits
Oh cute just shocked and worried by your
world would mean Oh
minecraft since windy like Minecraft so
much young lady I'm blaming Caleb she
said it's for a world not care to the
distance
Haley's getting embarrassed okay we'll
turn the camera so you can go over to
space you this faceless way and film
Haley and her Minecraft world you know I
think they have minecraft shirts in the
front for girls you want to go look
there there's a girl minecraft section
okay guys you're all done went home and
he was sour conversation so I was all
like deliberate every blade bit baby
baby baby Blair and mom is all like
literally they're answering my questions
and I had and then I was like cheese mom
or not no my mom was like cheese Caleb
we have one more shot better to do
before I get a pie in my face in front
of a million potential people and I said
in return that I'm gonna be holding the
dog so if they get to like her face I
don't think I'll have to hold them I
think they're gonna come running but I'm
just not going to lay on the ground like
you did with Toshi I can't believe it
we're almost there like when I made this
deal I thought we were so far away from
it that it would never gonna happen like
I think if I'm right weren't we have
like five hundred thousand when I made
that when I asked you guys what we could
do I gave you a choice no we want a five
and thinking like summer hand please
what was it Haley was either egg oh I
know I remember it was either play bean
boozled
I played bean boozled with you or I'd
let you guys put a pie in my face and we
said yeah I've said pie like no
hesitation hi
yeah I can't believe we're almost there
no way like in a month probably about a
month well the thing is if when I can
leave Oh see any more videos until we
get there no we're not holding the
videos hostage okay well um yes we see
you guys when we get home
except for hailey because the other mom
needed to UM
started not having smart Haley can you
fill me for a second okay I'll put you
guys on the trampoline
a cookie
and marshmallows on ice work is its
graham cracker
I'm personally
Laurie tried this before but it's really
good
Oh mommy you just move forward
now that it's a little bit quieter in
here um my mom today
penny story actually da okay so my mom
forgot to edit today cuz she went to
gymnastics and then she went shopping
with Caleb so the video is supposed to
go up in like 40 minutes and we she has
even edited the video so my dad was just
looking for something to like add the
stuff into it that he does and he was
like hmm where's the video yeah sure
well here's what happens when my mom
forgets to edit it throws our whole day
off and when she's supposed to be giving
us food she's still out of it so right
now she is going to get us food and it
is time for the course in the day and we
still haven't eaten and um the question
of the day is high up my high is that I
got to spend the rest of my day with my
family and my low is that either when we
went outside when it was raining or
there's another one but I'll just go
with that we went outside and started
raining well what she said good no you
have to think of yours and you are
spending time with your family you
spending time with your friends it was
go
first I was happy that I hang out with
my friends and nothing at me
we don't hang out with your cousin gay
that's what you'll oh and whoa it's not
mine
you got no nose mine don't get mean
go hmm
let your long yeah smells bad my glow is
right right now Caleb put my shoe I'm
sperm dad okay Harold your turn okay my
eye is that I had new shoes and low is
that we had to go shop for them okay so
don't forget to calm down below cuz we
went another question of the dare is
hello dinner is served and wait
something's wrong with this my whole
night has been thrown off because I
forgot to edit but something else is off
want to see if any of the viewers can
figure it out
except they're all eating tortellini
no it's not about more eating I'm not
the dad quit coming around here no it's
not about the desk we did raisin Desert
Sun cup it's not about the climbing come
out her sitting there yes please
Haley wanted to sit by Annie but it's
throwing me off I'm not used to this we
have a system Haley I like my spot
something like her spot this could be
your new spot and Caleb let you have it
no why do you like sit in the middle
this cannot be vines two favorite
sisters it's true you can put your arm
around both of them at the same time now
you can only put your arm around the
little one we can hear you
that was out loud all right well I just
wanted to stop by and say oops sorry
that I didn't edit I was gonna stop I
was awful it was I don't know what I was
thinking it was for not feeding us but
you were eating you're fine
not that late-night sacrifice editing
for not beating you
you guys could wait there was food in
the house you weren't gonna die we're
gonna starve the people we're probably
flipping out when the video wasn't up
okay what's more important your food or
this video oh yeah you're right the food
hi guys
scared me I was back there that bad
Caleb Wow really sounds like Caleb no
not yet now they know where he gets it
from me not really was like a girl's
game oh yeah
alright this is out of control
say goodbye there goes a retainer yeah
oh you caught the retainer that's
amazing I'm not the watch that on
instant replay right now
well I went Russell we'd be if I go and
swim I put in fun I'm not gonna put into
every limited skill like extra silly I'm
cutting this video off yeah goodbye
yeah this word so no I'm waiting on us B
word be private waiting on the horn by
one
baked potato
thanks for watching
Britt Ailey
