time for that going that way I don't
feel like I got a good shot of your
teeth yesterday so that's how we're
starting today's video with Haley the
toothless wonder hey how's it feel good
good
what's up what's going on today alright
baseball yep
we've got two games today right we
haven't even gotten out of the car yet
because we have to get here an hour
early having right now in paradise my
favorite candy what's your favorite
candy your candy
what do you got I got that does horrible
English what do you have what do you got
what you got some of these lifesavers
and is taking my life they save your
life and a must at baseball game son
clarity yeah we got ranch
we got barbecue Gatorade man Gatorade
those are our essentials for baseball
games right and that's how we plan on
getting through to baseball games and
this is that barking yeah you look so
different
amazing what the mini one missing tooth
will do and then to missing teeth
craziness got any teeth up there coming
in yet could be a while till Christmas
until Christmas why oh my - but these I
do
Brett G nice are you guys ready okay
I will rocking chair oh yeah we already
broke the sunflower seeds out and it's
still warm up the face ball we got rid
of the blanket the Sun came out just a
little bit yeah
why have you got okay you have a jacket
in the car do you want it huh why look
Annie brought your jacket we're ready to
go hey guys who we've already watched
the first game and immediately got
really cold so we're just gonna watch
the game from inside the car right now
we're watching movie but well we can
still see the game and we got snacks and
yeah drink some stuff I draw they can
face the coldness because yesterday was
really warm
ohana what happened today and yeah
nothing really going on or beautiful you
um look I am another car anyways uh I
got this thingy majiggy and a puppy it's
I don't know hot this is clutch pop hey
uh when no I don't know it's okay a spin
wheel a plastic spinner
thank you did the camera Oh cameras like
up here okay hold on hey or anyways it's
good to talk to you and yeah so we are
home from baseball and we are cleaning
up right now and we're having a cleaning
party after this we're gonna have a
cleaning up room party so here the
products tore up and the mess huntys we
have Hailey's room at these dog chewed
up and we've gotten most of the house
there buddy the balloon we got most of
the house cleaned and now we're just
cleaning up these dog mess it's not
we're not Maxim is what they chewed up
none of it at them because it takes for
Fanny Kristi bass oh no don't put in the
fan anyways that leads to the question
today with was um what is the worst
thing your dog has choo choo choo DUP
and if you don't have the dog then what
has your animal cat like you have an
animal then you follow your one dude
yeah and what's your mind is probably my
ugh shoe um I want to say my don't fight
him I'll have to be a of mine Oh
anything hi Hey
they shoot my hand one time really
Piper scaled in your face this is the
camera hi per
hi her okay my friend Wow she just sat
on my foot hi baby
Oh get all the world
I can't take this elsewhere take
that outside where get out get out get
out physically take that outside where
hey okay imma probably haha what I'm
doing well hey that's my glove your
glove that it was actually my dog so
yeah walks well it has their dogs hmm
yes my money
hey I start doing that no she did not
that purpose up stop I do that every
question of the day I know which would
be okay it's that what's yours mine is
that uh is that basket we have in Italy
but they tore the things in it well at
least you don't have to clean my help I
did it was under my bed
anyways don't I have the X we will of
course oh I still don't really know how
can you wanna know the question of the
day is what is the worst thing your dog
has it has ever chewed up and if you
don't have a dog what's the worst thing
your animals ever chewed up by tomorrow
bye
yeah yeah yeah hello you know the
cameras on don't turn it off
Haley come on Errol Haley please don't
turn it off
ma'am wait what yeah that's now set him
up again
Hey
hi stand up wait panting drunk I was I
was hiding him I can't get it guys can
you get it no help me get it again
Ramazan got other fish
trip
Oh Haley you do realize it me here's not
one
I'm Annie look your pants are ripped
everything that Morgan now out of us kid
home this is me kind of loose and look
she's got a roof in the picture is what
how is I know that's softer she would
let me show you nice mom hey ah
potato baked potato babe I
thanks for watching
Britt Ailey
