time for what a week today we have new
house and it's Friday they to training
the gold no yeah one we're training the
dogs
cuz there's an invisible fence in our
yard now yeah the flags out in the yard
of the markers and we're training the
dog once you guys that then we're just
gonna let it go no we're gonna take her
by the flag so she can look to see her
boundaries the dog trainer came and
helped us the other day so it beats when
they get too close and they know that
they can't go any further
hey guys so um husband T I'm about to go
on honey just to hear my braids just
arriving so OH
Piper's gonna thread along with Jam
fiber my ride just got here really Piper
again it's like what this 15th I'm just
gonna feed it a hunter territory girls
do that right and so let's go catch my
ride
look Alice once there's no scooters ah
okay I think I've got a sponsor yet
park perfectly now we're not going to go
too fast you let me get a better grip on
okay you're supposed to film and not
drop again I know right wrap these
people they'll never get to see this
slow
are you gonna go that fast that no are
you going into the second round we don't
have to go down bad
I kick
you're faster
oh I don't know oh yeah use the camera
around your wrist
uh not yet oh okay everyone go okay so
after we go a little crew here we go
after we go a little further than not
turning this camera we're going doctor
out we're going in smorc - ready
thanks Perry though okay I'm going to
show this camera occupy arm total we're
go Hailey's first time on the jet ski
you got it Hayley
what Caleb
look at her she's such a big girl look
at him huh
I know so proud of her and just
yesterday she won't even want to go she
wouldn't even go near it now he's on it
and out out out look at her sent out
it's out out she looks like a big girl
out there daddy looks like a big girl
too look at her lean it over welcome
back
whoa no hey hands well I was going to
jump in but I fell and like how I did
like I faked it I one time don't you
dare push me and so I did this but I
actually fell in and so normal wet Haley
I'm Seri was filming it but you forgot
to push the record button and so uh so
you guys know actually to jump and this
I not fail how was that Haley that jet
ski and done would you do it again at
six miles nicely okay well I'm gonna do
it ready yeah but are you doing in here
and not out there I will I just want
it's more shallow in here she's nothing
going alright go ahead
okay go in that way yeah you going now
yeah you want me to go in before you
you're a bellhop he's not gonna throw
you and he knows better huh you're gonna
go in that way though yes there's a cold
gel no it's getting warmer and warmer I
mean it's cold but I'm used to it
already not gone much it was before come
on Dan together me and the father so
you're gonna jump in we're gonna go
under okay go ahead
I'm you're under under go up here
alright what are you in the mother
foodism yes the mother figure is trying
to edit the pizza challenge outside in
this peaceful beautiful day and I have
loud mouth frogs with me
Ellen get me out please no could see
this is my office for the day here we go
I'm almost done but I failed me help me
on a jet ski help me with jet ski up
where's my lifejacket that's all I've
heard today okay hop up here one dad I'm
going to punch you she's not gonna jump
in I know I'm too well daddy in a
question we got one time 75-71 Haley
going into yeah yeah no are you kidding
what you need to know Haley but I got an
idea
why don't you go under there and swim
out to them dad going were way you guys
she's gonna come from out here you ready
yeah go in come to you just one does I
think though though I check it on are
you ready one two three
good serious good one - yeah
hold yourself here oh it's so scary guys
are gonna fall and hurt yourself
yay Billy you really wanted to teach
them that Kingdom okay that was not fair
you're right Haley was even gonna come
out okay go ahead won't meet the minimum
you know she could actually show him out
there she was going to until you faked
everybody out Oh something like Nicola
yeah I think the review would show
something otherwise like Caleb spinning
around on that pole right and almost the
bar over there okay one two three
Piper
fiber to the light and I'm gonna let
Piper come out good Haley I'm gonna put
me back okay you want to go for a swim
you want to get in
come come on it's warm now Piper
come on Viper now you're not sick and
it's warmed up swimmin doll good girl
Viper
all right diaper
Caleb want you to jump in Piper she did
the first day here comes Winnie that's
so sweet
- lemon I'm gonna take her swimming
should get run from you oh when he's
gonna go swimming Piper's really
panicked with what you're doing you can
swim Piper
good job Winnie when he did good I can't
see anything
there's is when he was that fun Splashin
come on ready
Winnie be careful Caleb you may have to
go in there and watch winning look at
winning okay let's go help winning hey
Caleb go help winning kitty love your
nut
Oh sing good job
I was just gonna see you didn't help at
all hilarious
did not want me say goodbye no
she's liking it Billy and then when he
can just leave her there Haley
that's jealous that's so funny
oh my they're having so much fun
good job Winnie
no I gotta edit you're gonna go back on
the jet ski
what kind of page is that you can have
fun with Daddy asked can we go the jet
ski again after getting spotted put up
parked back up when she's like I know
this weekend maybe tomorrow we got
tremendo little girl that was not a fan
of jet skis until today awesome Hayley
into the Sun and the doggies had a good
day they're gonna sleep so good I just
won 11 11 miles per hour that's awesome
were you scared at all
so much fun
now you're taking a ride on the lift
yeah how you gonna get over here I don't
know a big step for you
domestic I did see that well we have
fabulous day today the new house and um
Annie slept over to friends house again
she's going to sleep over to friends
house of course
anyway so we don't be seeing much of her
today or tomorrow but when do we ever
see her all right see her up gymnastics
and then she goes back pretty much what
it is
so um well we're about to go back to the
other house so we can sleep there and
get something to eat because I'm starved
okay yeah so you know time or this type
of course in the day and he'll you get
to pick it up out of it sorry so anti
early searching for a question of the
day we're at new house update we're at
the old house and well it was really fun
of the old house unstick le new house
gosh but I'm not good at this so anyways
wanted to call them like old house new
asks why might not because I'm really
bad at it but um Hill's got one okay
what get that yep I don't know what that
is speed at forget to send a thank-you
note for a gift forget to bring the gift
to a birthday party forget until then a
gift a gift to a birthday party he
forget to send a thank-you note for a
gift why
hmm because there was no asking why I
don't think so I don't yes I was
was her mmm okay so ah since we we're at
the new house our wonderful mom uh let
us take the afternoon off because
beautiful day outside and so now after
you wrap this up yeah members of it
naturally wrap it up no no no after
night no act after we wrap this up we
have to go to school ha so I guess we'll
see you guys later
tomorrow bye baby
thanks for watching
bratayley
