so today we're doing the beach challenge
tell why well we hit 92 thousand
subscribers and Ty Lee Brooks suggested
it
so they'll check your channel and tell
them pertaining sent you
here's how it works so we all have three
pizza's here and we have 15 ingredients
in total and some are what you would
like a pizza and some that you wouldn't
expect on our pizza and we all pick five
ingredients first
Abuk Michaela with Nick and then Haley
would pick and we would all open it at
the same time and we would do that at
times okay
so Manny I'm already telling me it's
Josie you're gonna get all better words
I am like mushrooms and there's sardines
and over from the ends pickles so you
need stomach marshmallows there are
Marshall isn't pizza I don't like
marshmallows complain you're making me
eat them on pizza so in here we have
some the winner of the children is
whoever eats most
Oh
okay oh okay make sure that is a scroll
okay
this is the best beach ever like babe it
is a pickles are the eyes it is round
this is something bad Haley's getting it
okay that's good for us
oh yeah we still two more days it's
crying
though you would like to eat these by
themselves together
Nutella for me oh hey wait your first No
you
yeah listen torture me into so here all
right
now I get it
- usually Caleb's doing sums up my gummy
bears gummy bears malted what is that
Kutner learn time mega like gummy bears
melted so here's the moment of truth
you know you stir the pizza I didn't
through this no sweetie he's eating the
crest
no you never wants to wait even say
their name to be the shopping day to me
good-looking sorry
oh we're too excited to race between me
and Neely she won that wake up sandwich
one I'm winning this one no bag still on
Annie arcade where she won she's not
even talking over there just shall lie
down well I only gave up did you give up
cuz you're cheating anyone you're giving
me I didn't do that
that's so gross it's all of her face
give us with that and please look at her
be sure she's really doing I like she's
doing a creep don't push me towards her
you know I get away oh my gosh Hayley I
came in second place
whoa you give up I can't hear about
before you did I you would all pushed
off all your toppings so soon I said the
winner is anyway I hope you enjoyed that
heats a challenge it was really fun
disgusting I'll be sure to use these
funds anyway thank you for nine hundred
thousand subscribers thank you thank you
thank you thank you thank you so comment
down below we stood for nine to 50,000
and then of course you guys need to
subscribe subscribe subscribe so we can
get to 1 million so we can hit the
person in the face that is behind a
camera with a pie my very own mother
well that's it for this video guys it as
always we will see you guys tomorrow
thanks for watching
birthday Lee
