good morning everybody
we've got smoothie being made and the
sad thing is his page isn't here to walk
a knee through it she went home for the
holidays
very sad how do you think your smoothie
went you think you've mastered it okay
all right we're all just waking up this
Saturday morning it is Saturday but
we're doing school today because we
didn't do it yesterday and then we're in
the studio again today
right right
this little girls in the studio too
still working on some different projects
no just today I think tomorrow we have
nothing do you know where it is we'll
have the text page okay we can figure it
out I'm pretty sure we have nothing so
so tomorrow I do believe we might be all
day and then Monday morning I got a
double check that I can announce this
but Haley's filming another round of
Manny so we're all gonna be on set
working on different things I think we
can tell you guys that Manny's growing
again
the test the good lighting yep beep
routers off your morning smoothie
alright so we are trying to get school
rolling by 10:00 and we're gonna do
several hours and we're gonna do several
hours of that then we're gonna get ready
we're not going to the studio until
later this evening so we've got a full
day ahead of us
and was it easy yeah parking and all
that up you know how I feel about
parking
alright well me might go on an adventure
and and let's brag on yourself you also
made your sister a smoothie she's in the
bed sipping her smoothie and doing
school why are y'all doing school in
here today I don't know is it are you
getting anything done because mmm I'd
rather you out there where I can keep an
eye on you make sure you're on oh really
okay I see how it is anyways guess what
complete change of plans today complete
Annie got her and it took her nails off
yesterday okay you've tuned in yesterday
gel oh yeah the nails came a little
thick because they messed them up and we
didn't have time for them to fix it so
they just
it was a fail Paige took her to get
acetone to take them off anyways we
recording today but it just last minute
got changed till tomorrow so we're gonna
make plans for the day we're gonna do a
school a lot we're gonna do a lot more
school because now there's no school
tomorrow either so we're doing social
studies today we're gonna do our ice
maker spitting ice yeah that sounds like
wait wait wait we're getting your nails
gonna get your painting for that or
because I told you not to take them off
so that we could go to them and say hey
these are messed up these are way too
thick we didn't have because they knew
that we didn't have time yesterday they
could have done it for free now you're
going to pay for them again there's no
way they're gonna oh yeah alright so we
have the rest of the day they are going
to do school a lot today whatever
they've got planned and maybe you'll
find us at the nail salon I don't know
so
you have lunch down there
oh yeah lunch is soon BAM Ketel ate
breakfast though yeah yeah
Haley's eating cupcakes see how this day
just gets away from as we were they were
so focused on school and Annie had to
get an update on her computer so she got
up to make another smoothie and now yeah
I don't know where Haley thought that
cupcakes came into the video they tried
to prank me yesterday saying they made
cupcakes no it is lunchtime so we are
going to pick some of the lunch and we
are fixing when it quesadillas all right
so we were on Pinterest and we're gonna
make avocado quesadillas cheese because
it is mommy's not on me yeah we have
someone to make an enormous s okay
there's a chicken we have an avocado
cheese and and we wanted to add some
salsa it's nice
why do we have this we're gonna breathe
seven hours I got this okay we're gonna
sit there not like a like a preheat cook
they're right maybe that's it to breed
of it set tight time Harold's gonna bake
yeah and then put in four aren't these
cuties cute yeah they're gonna learn how
to cook right now I'm just being lazy
and laying in my bed doing nothing sure
you want to say y'all are improvising
cool quesadilla video cheese quesadilla
many of you got the store yeah I bet
these chief candidate are gonna be still
delicious
I know we have a taco sand it's gonna be
people within walking distance a couple
blocks away from us and you know but
this is better
home-cooked all right I'm going to be
lazy some more good luck I'm confused
yeah okay I'll look me up three two
Martinez left perfect we should do a
hero so maybe we should do it like this
and cut them I'm pretty sure but like
yeah that's already do it okay we'll see
how this works
oh it's beeping we always get it it's
not done yet but we just put the
avocados and cut them and then we put
the cheese look at that
just wait and yeah we're gonna do it
like a restaurant style okay I was like
you're not gonna put them on top are you
okay to the night okay it's happening
happening it's happening it's happening
good going okay cool time for Annie
you're fine larga love us an ego she's
going she's going she's going for it
over going for the stove
go Annie turn the lights off okay here
it is
be careful it's hot yeah we were playing
a game why did you bring a Palazzo you
need so let's see if you like it one two
three mmm good is it good now I'm gonna
use this sauce but she doesn't like it
mommy look how cool okay well I'm gonna
eat see if I like it okay change of
plans once again we're going we're going
we're gonna go up to did we tell them
what we were doing like what or just
we're going up to the studio sometime I
have to be careful with my words because
going up to the studio and because
Brookes there today and we're going
there we weren't we were supposed to go
and then we got rescheduled but now
we're going up there one because they
need her to be there real quick and then
two because then we're all gonna go to
dinner well whoever is still there will
go to dinner so we didn't have plans now
we do we've been sitting around being
lazy all day and it's time to get up and
get out so going to dinner with some of
the crew even if some of the crew is
only one of the crew it's still the crew
because I don't know exactly what's
gonna happen we got to go up there
anyway and we always go to dinner after
so that's the plan
okay we made it let's yeah boy that's a
wrap on rush I'm Brooke right ten
minutes
nice oh I'm so happy I don't do singing
Hayden to set please or maybe not rush
may not be wrapped fresh she goes back
in you've heard to think it's pretty
cool I think you're gonna add it in
there are you serious this is what she
does all day
nanny the friend Annie the native French
oh really oh I loved that dog wait what
I'm like something any a fanny that
rookies birthday present shoes on oh and
did we pose for a picture
should my vlog camera be in the picture
I want to be out of the picture though
I'm really good I'm gonna get out of the
picture
I can make it was like a 2100 triple day
hmm
dang good I woke up then I had to vote
me off for breakfast yawns after that I
went to pack up Oh then we went to after
we packed then we listened to some music
we went to Khloe have today and I ate a
brown rice bowl yeah it was fun good
times and then after that we came here I
record you for three hours
oh great for you yeah and then rush
recorded flowing two minutes but it was
this person recording brews here are you
next
it's our handshake ready what's your
handshake that looks like it hurts
it's our handshake okay look wash what
are you two doing are you keeping social
media live okay pixelating your I go do
that thanks lady pixelate who would you
say oh no one's in there right now but
we're out hey that first time we've been
to City Walk since we've been back we've
been here like two weeks
I feel like we haven't been here where
we go they're trying to get something to
eat right for coming out but it's like
we always do
alright another by heylia jacket we
completely forgot to bring a sweatshirt
for her in California it's hot during
the day
and then it gets pretty chilly like back
home this time of year we're wearing
jackets like big jackets all year round
so it's hard you can't really forget
your jacket but here we keep forgetting
I'm sexy I didn't need one right okay
we're meeting them at the Christmas tree
Danny Hayden and mr. Jimmy oh it's so
pretty over here
do you see a big giant Christmas tree
oh my gosh is packed we should text them
it's alright there's the Christmas tree
we found it we found it my hand so you
don't get lost at a lot of people to
find them could be difficult
I'll see them do you want to introduce
us to your new friend
she's our new best friend she's just
eating dinner here where we're eating
and she was very excited we're very
excited to see you nice to meet you oh
no but it nice to meet you
okay yeah Haydn's wants a picture with
you - hey tell all your friends hi why
is it that Annie didn't get a chocolate
shake today there's Pete Haley's whipped
cream
I let Haley get the big one so that we
could share but she doesn't like that
idea very much oh you got a little
something right little just a little
a little higher up
we're eating at Johnny Rockets and that
looks delicious Oh still there
can you hand heylia straw
and then we might go see a movie
actually I think it's not a mite I think
mr. Jimmy just bought tickets what's it
called Ferdinand's
burnt Ferdinand burnin it's gonna be
super cute and then then we're gonna go
home because these guys start that
project next week as extra and they're
gonna be super busy so we're gonna hang
out tonight we're gonna party
right we don't want to hang out with him
again after tonight
your tool
there my 3d but we're going to wait oh
gosh
it's going to MacCready I don't know it
how do you say it
Burt a man from man to man
put your mama's on showing up for you
what are y'all getting we're getting
popcorn in a drink see here hold up so I
am see everything popping out kind of
weird blanket I did apply this because I
put on a jacket for her and I am too
recent like Danny and I can wear it too
but Haley community uplinking kind of
where it's only a by five is too big all
right are you ready okay we're going
home
and then there's a bag gorilla and the
cameras were converging snatch I don't
care okay you simply pop popcorn with us
we're gonna go where you don't need any
sugar pixie dust okay bad always went to
the bathroom they said they'd be real
quick before we say goodbye they're
gonna know we're hiding
we're gonna try a scarab
you pack any
you're not gonna fall for it
the popcorn you know they knew we
weren't gonna leave I spilled the
popcorn bending over for the receipt
that I dropped oh yeah I need you I spot
things I'm seeing you there it would
have been scared or you would have
thought we left we would have been sad
when I said I was like baby
we knew we wouldn't leave alright come
on oh who will be first to gotcha
who's first who's first to catch it huh
forgot it I know she's tired we got to
go say goodbye you make it
hurry up aunty yes why do you do
bro better than that popcorns hard to
costume
all right last one yes I don't even
think I filmed it but that's okay really
really it's broken making me use my own
beat thank God I got the camera out to
film the escalator there's a lady behind
me and I'm late vlogging and I'm like
really then you know that happened
alright take that break on our way how
was that night huh yeah Berg didn't
light is it burden and that's it
I hurt
oh I thought really just was somehow a
random beat I just literally like just
drop my phone's Wow
okay guess like I actually did
okay
what are you going dude my struggle in
life your trilling you're struggling
like what are you looking at water
oh there's waters down here and then I'm
gonna I'm gonna walk you the door do you
know what Hailey and I realized today
what this is the first time that we've
come to city walk since we've been back
this time we usually come here all the
time I think this is the first time
we've been here like - yeah I think we
just like way too much of in or like if
you were done with city wok Canal is
like okay like we had to like take a
little break because we wouldn't like
everyday no how do I get out of here
though you follow that car and exit
that's what I want
what if I just like filmed I would be so
boring people be you could put in fast
motion I'm about to crash
so before we crash we're going to push
my leg which is um which is do you like
animated movies / TV shows or real life
action like what is it
acting cartoon I mean a live-action show
or cartoons live-action live action
but that was a good cartoon yeah uh-huh
so don't forget we wanted you know to
celebrate
thanks for watching
for tailee
