time for what I'm just a bad one and
despair with jet ski place and we are
trying on some I like on Jackie okay you
don't want to go what we have to buy the
life jacket just in case right does it
stay like if you're playing by the water
hmm
it's jet ski that's reshuffled a little
bat come on so today we got to go get
the life jackets because we're gonna go
get skin and water I'm not and I broke
his off on the jet ski he broke his arm
yeah
look at how they're going to do that oh
he's got like yeah he's my bad shape
every ooh that looks painful dude that's
not a good advertisement for jet ski
exactly that's cornice League and if
instead you type he's ready
FIFA yeah it does look like he's
carrying pizza mmm is it really realized
cameras off and I think he knew the
camera he realized that he can't thing
copyrighted music that's what the
problem was
oh I can't see oh he just can't thing in
general oh I've been singing a lot
lately I'm was just editing the video
where I'm singing in the airport it's
kind of awkward
okay oh yeah
deep today no beach today huh all right
looks so different without the boat
there that's crazy
are you a little like Alan about nice
okay I don't know if your feet will work
well I will reach you try oh they do
reach barely all right mom you gotta
you're gonna go on the jet ski will you
sit here and film it all right
oh there we go that's what they did go
over there and kill to know where the
tithe is like really high today let's go
put our feet in hey hey shadow kinda
hurts your feet whoa really cool ok so
it's my turn to get on oh are you gonna
get wet Oh might be a little wet all
right let me film this
yep here the boys do you like it Caleb
Haley went in okay so now it is your
guys turn and don't worry my dad will go
to bed because if I drop you I try not
to drop the camera okay don't know what
you said
okay number filmy outside world
caleb jumped off the jet ski I didn't
even know it so I had no time to get the
camera on right no no mom no get away
jump in now I wanna see was deeper today
okay fine I'm fishing okay daddy said
he'll jump in with you you're going to
say three and then we're gonna Caleb
belt law
Caleb you pulled me in why don't you go
the way the other day okay oh man that's
the good stuff you can't push me and I'm
holding the camera and people will be
very mad if you ruin this camera guess
what the battery is almost dead because
I didn't charge Allah heightened when I
went to sleep because I was too tired so
we'll catch you guys later
that's caleb recovers
guess what today is Saturday no okay
it is Monday you win okay what look
today let me be scared cleaning party
day I like hell Haley just like yeah so
we ordered a pizza because we are all
really tired not well Annie and I are
really tired he gave in on this Oh care
meet you
what oh no oh oh he did this is what I
get cuz we shoved pizza and we should
have food in our faces and I think she
thinks that this is okay I guess it's my
own fault
partly shove food in her face a lot yes
we've had lots of we've had food biases
known okay great okay let's explain
Haley
sometimes it's not appropriate and you
laughing isn't helping Haley
yeah Haley you it's not Haley what do
you think that was appropriate no
Norfolk now you've got to go get my bath
no okay so after we eat my
fine-feathered friends were outside
we're putting away that laundry over
there
yeah when whenever your fine-feathered
friends gonna get here huh
I want feathers do high five furry
friends oh yeah hurry look at your head
my fine fuzzy your fuzzy no fluffy oh
yeah fluffy I knew that and I don't end
up thank you I appreciate that picture
glasses oh now I gotta wash the glass
and now she's giving your hands off well
I answer one thing when you're eating
pizza but dipping your face in the pizza
was it's good we can
listen listen listen we have to be learn
real manners when we're a lot of it at
the pit dinner table there's a time and
a place for like our shout-out videos or
dares where we shove today we have a
shadow Shelby pizza in our legs oh oh
I'm creating monster wha
stop acting be real nice stop acting to
be human we all know your name hey hey
hey
drop it so really Caleb I literally just
turned on the camera
god I'm sorry stop throwing the ball so
Haley's in the back and we are going to
wrap question today because that's what
we do almost every day cuz we try to do
it every day but anyways the question
today is going to be from lots and gonna
build it close mom's pick one not sure
the table here we go okay it's backwards
hold on area what is your favorite
sandwich combination okay so I like
cheese turkey marriage and ranch I know
it's disgusting
umm lettuce mmm that's all you
I like a hamburger being yeah I like a
hamburger with mayo and a tomato is a
sandwich not burger awesome whatever I
don't like sandwiches mmm here's my
sandwich disgusting give yes move it
mayo and ranch it's so good ha I'm
squishing you it's really disgusting
mayo and ranch who they have like a
complete different tastes exactly and
they don't taste good with each other
you would never know because you've
never tried no I know no you can yeah I
know
all right so anyways don't forget to
calm down love you another question the
day is what is your favorite okay so
don't forget to come download view
another course of the day is what is
your very favorite sandwich combination
I'm having to push anything though what
i doing I don't know my friends are
poison when you're like this
stop licking me my mouth
 baked potato baby
thanks for watching
Britt Ailey
