time for what Amy I got some good news
um tomorrow we are going to LA yeah like
we're going to watch a movie yes yes
we're going to the premiere of what
movie monkey Deena yeah
Disney's monkey Kingdom very excited
you've been wanting to see it and now
you get to go to the premiere of it so
while Hayley was doing school and Caleb
was doing school and daddy was here
hanging out I got to go to the mall by
myself and that doesn't happen very
often but I picked out a dress for the
girls cuz they needed something to wear
ah Hayley hasn't seen it already first
want to start with your shoes okay yeah
okay yeah very own cardboard do you like
it yeah okay you ready the dress I got
ya I got ya
one two three oh so cute you like it
yes I wanna see in town forego Fanny's
now okay now I didn't know we're trying
to get an e so I actually got her to and
I'll just take one back yeah she chooses
yeah you like it and hold it up for us
Wow Marie I love the keychain on it it's
not a key trait it's a necklace
oh it's your necklace not cute let me go
show you the other one hey go to Target
to get the travel items like the shampoo
and the toothpaste and I picked a bone
up for the dogs and a paper has now
helped herself to she's eating the
plastic and all and when he's nowhere
around so my guess is she got two one
two
Piper if you could have just been
patient I would have opened it for you
you see it would have been a smart idea
yeah we're going to open it for you we
were busy though so I'm a guessing
whinnies outside with her I better go
find her okay but first let me show you
the other dress which dress do you think
she's going to like better that one or
the shorter one with you like this one
better hopefully everything fits we're
gonna have a fashion show later okay
will you try it on for us okay there's
no horrible oh she's being very patient
I'm like she was being earlier just as I
suspected
Haley she's outside chewing on it I'm
gonna have to go take the plastic off
what pushy impatient dogs they got it
out of the bag all by themselves
so right now we are show me on my mom's
phone case you probably forgot the
camera and I'm tired
I was tired before we did conditioning
for last 30 minutes and then we ended it
off with Brooke I did for them
you look beat so here's me right now and
then later you'll see me like this and a
dress I got you some new shoes too
they're little sandals and they're so
pretty okay they're like at that little
sandals and that's so pretty so tomorrow
we are getting on a plane waking up
really early and flying to LA to see a
premiere of Disney's monkey Kingdom and
I am really excited just the only bad
part of it is we have to wake up really
early but it's worth it so hopefully my
stomach
so it's already sore lot the
conditioning today I'm tired all right
well let's go a little sleep or good
sleep
oh it's gonna be a long day tomorrow
we've never been to a premiere this is
pretty cool what do you think it's gonna
be like do you think it's gonna be just
as like cleans no do you think it's
gonna be like going to the movie theater
here well you think it's gonna be like
way more exciting clean works I think
specially the after-party afterparty
oh man the after-party we're going to
bring our camera there so you guys can
see well you can't really be with us
like in the well while the movies going
right we can't film or so but we can be
yet but you can come with us to see what
it's going to look like on the outsiders
yeah and like doctor party yeah yeah it
will be fun we don't know what we're
doing but we're gonna pretend really
like yeah we're pros at this anything to
take a little nap yeah guys I'm raiding
all right let's get out of here
okay Annie's home and she's ready to see
the dress here's dress number one that's
so pretty
no yeah I don't know what go ahead are
your hands greasy from dinner no that's
so pretty
you like it yeah go try them both on and
then there's this hon I'm confused BAM
kill oh that's pretty - you want to see
the shoes I got you I really really
really love the shoes here's what we've
got
packed so far and I guess on the sides
are this pretty so what size do you wear
five six oh okay I got a five okay so go
try one on and let's see it Hayley go
try yours on with your pretty sweet baby
least favorite to favorite what's wrong
you don't look so hot are you okay don't
feel good oh your stomach hurt okay
all right you're right
let me see about hailey first why don't
you go lay down necklace I know all
right we're gonna get in a snap it
forefinger no right yes in Frankfort
here's my my head II know I move this
time and maybe Haley won't be there in a
second and then you'll make Haley
disappear oh yeah Haley disappeared
ready five six seven eight but Piper
just jumped in way I guess they're all
gonna disappear probably I'm gonna make
I'm read Haley disappear one two
hey bad news her sandals didn't fit so
we're in old sandals but they look super
cute they got the wrong one with this we
snapped alright so now you got to go try
your other dress on Oh
which dress do you think you're gonna
like okay we'll go Charlie yet you okay
I kind of like this on me now that I see
it yeah it's cute on I'm just gonna snap
okay
yeah bring in something I know it two
three
I wish we had enough time to let viewers
vote but we don't which one do you like
better I like either of them my ready
say no barking we're sitting here me and
Haley talked about a meeting mark Harry
on travel ready so we can watch this
stuff yeah this is tradition we sit here
and we get our iPads ready so that we
have plenty of videos to watch on our
trip out there yeah he's not believe me
let's see let's see what we've got in
here don't worry mom you can watch this
I don't know what's in here I got them
surprises today I got that for you to
keep yourself busy Haley have no fear oh
I got you something too so let's see
what's in our travel bag and iPads in
our travel bag hell I'm gonna blanket is
on our travel back and Haley in her bag
she's got Haley I got you some Color
wonder markers and I got you some color
wonder paper
pray on new ones yeah you guys can share
why are you making that face that's
what's in their travel bag right now
everybody's got a blanket Caleb Caleb
got a sketchbook a blanket it's got new
headphones and a D F inside there we
have we had a bath we brushed our teeth
we got pajamas on
brush the hair we are all ready for bed
and it's like 7:30 we're never really
early night because we're gonna have a
really really early morning and uh gonna
have a earlier than usual question of
the day so the question the day I'm
gonna pick out another box I'm here the
boma oh here we go
more you guys ready oh yeah all right
have you ever wanted to run away yes
yeah happy cuz I'm a mother I'm a mom
girl I will never run right my whole
life Annie because Annie is a daddy's
girl
and I I am a Mama's girl and that means
Carole doesn't nothing ineptly walks
into Nikhil there's nothing what did you
say hell no you don't like it you okay
so anyways it what was I gonna say oh
yeah no oh my god that's alive yeah go
with you all my life
I'm what hey listen no I said she said
no cuz Annie's a daddy's girl I'm a
mommy's girl and Caleb's nothing so
what's yours
uh-huh whoa
April well first of all I wanted to uh
to beat up lately and then he said April
Fool's yeah no one's brought yet look oh
wait that's a no right got it
don't forget to comment down below Gaby
wha
but I love the death ease for love
trigger you ever punted to run away and
why what happened whoo yeah okay bye hmm
Oh God hi bud peace out Pam Hayley are
you serious
mmm she's got peanut butter in her room
zoom in on that Annie I know people
don't just put peanut butter baked
potato babe
thanks for watching
Britt Ailey
