hi for Haley
so today we are making I'm making cakes
oh you want to know why well remember
when we went to Disney and we better put
that choreographer and she taught us
that dwarf dance well first off we like
to thank Disney for inviting us to be a
part of the all-star creators conference
and good news that video is out yep you
can say is learning the dance yeah we
had so much fun making that cool video
it will appear on the Walt Disney World
best day ever - or you could also go in
the description and click the link to
watch it and a bunch of other videos
from that conference that's me oh yeah
make it hey time to make a cake but
here's the twist
what's oh no gap or a face in the cake
at the end nope no this isn't gonna
happen mistake in the inner world this
is the beginning of the end but the
twisted be a lot more hum I'm not gonna
help you guys I'm gonna sue Perl Haley's
a good Baker but she can't read as well
as you can see nice nice we turn it up
like a fifth-grade level I'm just gonna
stand here and supervise and make sure
you don't burn the house style okay all
right I'm Jef Raskin gotta put the
vegetable oil in first no no no you
don't you don't ya honey
hold on can we grab this and yeah
scatter of 350
Wow buddy yeah you gotta press right
there the big button
get out and get out dude hey did I do it
I think it has to 650 boys uptime wait
you did 650 well wait 350 great thing
except e montemor sleep mom I think it's
Rama ah mommy go start a little bit
begins on the end mom you didn't listen
to me next time I get a hook
do
we are going to use on nerdy nummies
nanami skills and wait till it cool to
cut the top with that piece by eating it
I shall take the first bite already good
yeah pretty good at making cakes eating
don't sign up you pick it up with your
feet and I use a sharp side oh come on
I've had I need to cut it with my finger
now and Eunice then you bought it I said
that I cannot paper technology so can we
get my skills Oh No nerdy no my skills
oh we never done this we usually cook up
hips yeah it's gonna it's gonna fail
somebody please say oh my gosh did it
crumble no way yet flip it all
completely there you go what is it gonna
crumble
coming out yeah the crew castle yeah
broken here that's okay you put the ear
on and we'll we'll ice it all up it'll
be good as new no we didn't fail
completely so can I just eat this yes
all right let's even get the ear back on
oh look at Mickey we need some tips guys
out there you aren't being fakers fight
fight what are we doing here
all right how do we make that work a
little bit better next time there yeah
good and I didn't have a plate of a new
house blew it up yeah yeah just blew it
up at the top see that's our plan are
you frost great would that tell you guys
something I'm not gonna frost a quarter
of it because I don't want frostings
that's true well you can eat this part
won't frost that guy I okay deal we're
not going to be able to see his face
poor Mickey he's blind now I can't
believe I made a Mickey cake water is
good of our first try we did too bad and
I didn't help you guys at all so I don't
know why we're saying we
I really didn't help them you guys did
it no I'm just you know I didn't mean it
I meant like he said didn't have any
grown-ups help you guys did this all
right well well I lied yup no I didn't
mean like that I don't know I can do
much better like you guys did pretty
well thank you thank you it's cute at
least you can tell it to Mickey that's
all it matters little I should be very
proud of yourselves
we should
oh so we had so much fun making this
cake but not as much fun as we did
learning the dance so you guys can go
and watch and learn that dance on in the
link in the description
I remember if you ever know Freddy
subscribe to more time and subscribe to
wdw best and the new channel subscribe a
little bit around best day ever because
right now this is gonna be the best cake
ever
yeah smells good plan what's the kill
thanks babe
thanks for watching
Britt Taylor
