morning guys
Olivia just jumps and I'm sorry I didn't
have the camera rolling but she's
superwoman and trip jump to you and then
she failed this is true we've seen Tessa
super Cain she has a mask now where's
your mask you like this is my scarf it
is not dorky yeah that's how you wear it
I just don't guys are funny are you guys
allowed to do that
where's Mary where's Mary what my idea
Isabella's dad's guys I'm not going over
there to film this because coach Muriel
yell at me I'm standing right here
Elaine and I are the good ones we are
not involved in this
so is it more concentration or more
strength or both what kind of bow I'll
show you yeah
so right now I am I don't know it enjoy
understanding my mom was like fishing oh
yeah she's doing laundry and I Piper
morning and uh and I am starving
but she has 20 more minutes and if you
don't know what 20 more minutes you
acted down to 25 times I think yes yes
60 20 times and I didn't want to wait 20
minutes so she said I can fix my own
sandwich or new tell us and mr. Horsley
so yeah okay so I'm gonna fix it so I'm
gonna get some Nutella of course the
bread and of course me this is a safe
night guys this is the safe knife oh we
don't have any chef's knife these are
the safe nice sweet you they are very
sick and if you have to you of course
yeah so good you will need this as I'm
wailing oh my gosh
yes I like to know nothing broke no
there were three things in my hands and
it drops Oh
like one of them being the hammer no
Nutella
okay
it's my first one when I close my gift I
make sure my teacher the record and
teachers are they gonna recognize you
with a big hole in your mouth yes they
are and then I'm like definitely they're
gonna be like oh hey Haley got the fancy
bun working life why we said um teachers
it's because I asked three teachers yeah
just three coaches which one do you like
the best you can tell me just kidding
don't say your baby okay go another
favorite what do you like mommy or daddy
better Oh Oh Littlefoot me okay yeah
okay now could tell me this little
secret no one will know no one oh how I
know it no I added it all right tell me
who you like better mommy or daddy no
one will ever know no one's watching
this right now I don't know
good answer ah thought I would have it
me and hazy oh my god my name's mommy
not innie
okay and I'm the best singer in the
world
I sing hey you need your mother to drive
young lady I had a great Diagnostics and
it was just a basic day today and there
wasn't really much doing but I loved
playing um
heads up with my friends it was so much
fun and that leads us into the question
of the day the question of the day is
when I said you want me to say I don't
know okay so the question of the day is
what's your favorite game to play with
your friends and I don't play games with
my friends a lot like certain games I
just will also like to just make up
Dance dances kidding I don't play with
any games with my friends
so by my with my family I probably play
headbands bands or Julia oh yeah
telephone not that she plays a lot
anyways don't forget to comment down
below cuz be able to know the question
of the day is what's your favorite game
to play with your friends or family
babe thanks for watching Britt Haley
