time for what Amy
today's the day who knows what there it
is Winnie Winnie you're gonna have to
get down you stay stay Winifred you
interrupted my exciting day so one's got
a special date hey someone just woke up
someone doesn't want to talk
Winnie watching you he is this is our
first breakfast in his house yeah we
came over here last night because we had
some work being done and we needed to be
here early and I'm gonna take Caleb to
go get his braces off so exciting
he truly is excited deep down right okay
all right well that was it bye Haley
talking about this I know you talked
during breakfast sometimes this one not
so much
that one over there she never talked the
reckless winning
not supposed to be in your face while
you're eating set the rules now okay so
we are almost at the orthodontist and
it's just kind of weird to realize that
the next time anyone here will see me I
won't have my braces on he's fine
are you excited I don't know it's gonna
take so long takes about an hour does it
take longer than to get my braces on her
I don't know how long I think you get
them on little elves two years ago I
remembered it took about an hour now in
15 so you about the same uh oh I don't
love it I don't want it I don't want
it's taking too long
mrs. Spitz ready Hayley you're getting
your braces on next I guess next time
you guys will see me do I want to race
this on so uh it's gonna go like once I
turn this camera off I won't have braces
on so right when I press the button
I bet the yelling at me just turn the
camera off so we can we can get to it to
it but I'm not turning this camera off
you guys are gonna be with me the whole
time in all cars off of burgers off and
I can't show you could you don't like
you
and I well let's go home although true
fell off I'll show you guys let me see
oh he fell out and I get here here sit
through 1313 Martine are you oh my gosh
really look how pretty
yeah yellow alright hey hey look yellow
hi say why is God such a sharp tooth mmm
maybe can we think cheese did you not
notice that was a sharp tooth no calyx
Krag
maybe it's cracked yep better go back no
Caleb give us a big ol smile cuz it
looks so crazy
oh you think your friend ID here okay
can you just give us a regular smile
alright what was your first reaction
when they gave off oh how about your
second reaction fine Oh what oh don't
give us all the details
huh okay so Bert what's your advice to
kids who are just now getting braces you
don't like blood Oh Caleb no she's
probably not looking in her mouth
getting brazen not enough taking them
off you little buddy I don't why but the
whole experience it doesn't really hurt
it just bleeds getting them off what
about the whole experience of the whole
like getting them wearing them for so
long getting them off how do you feel
your hooting feeling how do you think
their teeth turned out better we got to
come back this afternoon to get a
temporary retainer that he has to wear
really all the time you just can't stop
looking at himself
wait that's not any different okay yeah
the people in the throat they make you
bite down it's like gooey green thing
and it got suck my tea
yeah
you're beautiful prices are gone so I'm
resolvers totally and it's gonna ripple
time everyhting oh my face was on not
your first time
oh you went like getting alot of ten
years without you know I would be
without raises this but I mean I know I
remember that it's gonna oh I don't know
reason anymore you wait to feel them all
right I think we're celebrating with
Chipotle there's a slimy
no no they stop being slimy you just get
used to it I think Wow time a little I
mean that feels a little bit different
when I bite down with my pop bought on
the teeth huh one second all right well
that was uneventful
feels like hey you might want to film
this cuz first time I'm eating without
my bracelet just go back to the new
house and my dad pulled up with the jet
ski
think I'll be waiting he said he's
really it's a little cold for this but
it's all like I know it came in hey
girls
oh so bad look at your daddy out there
on the desk yeah blue one so the weather
is not right for them just had to get it
from the boat ramp to get it home so
we're lowering this bad boy right now
kind of slow let's go with that
they jump yes no - hot I wonder how far
I had to go from the boat ramp oh look
look what's missing Oh what he can't
even got their boat fully stole their
own Eve oh look how fun I told you makes
a difference big old boat there kind of
ruins of you look like you're centered
actually cause like we like we know what
we're doing though positive
yeah good turn it off we just got back
from our second or orthodontist
appointment um and well I got my
temporary you see quiet and I got my
temporary retainer in I bet you guys
can't even see it and now I can see it
yes I thought well this is my temporary
once we have to come back in a little
bit and get my actual worry and as you
can see I got a little bit of all this
physical and seek and well my permanent
one there's gonna be a wire so you can
actually see it unlike this one so it's
their one best days of my life so just
got my braces off and um well I would
feel I have a really big mouth because
like well not right now but when I take
it off it feels like I've got a huge
mouth because I'm used to being older
set set like my mouth my cheeks being
right on my braces and Nadja like
everybody's doing that everybody at home
is - how do you talk like this this is
so weird
like what like with my cheeks it
pressing it in prick yeah pressed
against my own yeah weird but I guess
that's censorship board books on you
start with the question of the day which
is I'm magic
um what is your favorite instrument to
play or to look into you don't play an
instrument
mm-hmm those are wonderful acoustic
guitar stick violin I want it sound good
head
hey mom right she went in and you
probably you know speaking of which
my mom's cousin it has just published
here on YouTube
a music video pimping the people he's
pretty good pretty good
I need the best exactly well yeah so
since we're all about shout outs here up
for daily you can check it out either
here saw you ever is doing that editing
yeah what are you can check it out there
yeah
wait where that right here with the
yellow I mean red button don't you guys
know who's yellow the subscribe button
now
anyway sorry to mail I mean remember
when II was six to those hook good old
days time for my close up call oh don't
it's calm down looks we want to know the
question of the day is what is your
favorite and snuff your favorite
instrument that you would like to play
that you play or do you like to hear
what I'm just getting my close up but do
not just interrupt my close up today oh
don't forget to check out my mom's
cousins music video because it is the
bomb
Garcia's mani taking the bomb what yes
wanted like to say dub bombs up to how
we got its dub all oh yeah yeah that's
mature idol is you do are you getting
used to it no Alice yeah do you got what
it's listen to this when you remember
when you when you get out you're younger
and yeah and II had a lateral list well
I would say gymnastic list
Gina I didn't say math stop got a little
bad
do you feel coming out the front or the
side coming out that side you should
come out the front that used to come out
all her areas to come out the side so it
always count one is really for my lover
you look from the top and from right
here you put your finger in under your
mouth and say $90 guys interesting
better
it was it is mine is my special help
from running my husband pop by potato
baby
thanks for watching Britt Ailey
