well we just went to the orthodontist
for my teeth because that's what the
dentist is anyways um well we have some
pretty exciting news
I'm getting my braces off in two days
from now so in two days from now you
guys see me no braces on in two days not
three days not four days for two days
this Piper how those many I met Viper
but okay good is my fur so yeah two days
and um oh you really close get away um I
don't really want to go with like
through all the work and effort of you
know it ding really long and probably a
little bit painful at that time but I
really just want to get them off because
it's been too long ears and well as you
can see I just gotta keep them off
because you gotta just come off as you
can see here so um well I guess it's
time for me to go and sit at school so
uh ass foam paper running off in the
sunset just like that just like my face
is doing and when it is still being lazy
hey lady puppy what's that I'm gonna
just morning did you get yellow on your
chest you eating my jello don't make me
get you turn off the camera on accident
when once a week the ball when you want
to eat the book but you want a front
tuck can you do one now let's see that's
one we'll see well we can do a see oh
very good
good job tried it when you do it you're
jumping fort try to jump up to do it
instead of forward here do it one more
time lost them try to jump up
very good you landed on your feet but
not on your feet feet don't think that's
a thing are you ready yeah are you
falling down a little girl
turn sideways I can see very good Haley
is itching to get outside on this
beautiful day and play but first she's
got a spelling pretest it's edition it's
really beautiful day I had to take my
jacket jean-jacques jean jacket like
this yeah but a definite right when she
took it like our own jacket yeah
so we're doing a spelling pretest and
she's doing really well she's got the
first three right so it is baked and go
back bake and like know it okay the next
one is like seriously yes this is it
okay she's getting you see spelling test
getting much better snack that's a
longer one oh I got knack
yeah it's just a pretest so it's okay if
we miss any very good and make oh okay
this is gonna be the same one but II
know can't eat very good
you that looks like Elmo the teacher
cursive in her school her homeschool so
sometimes she does cursive and print
because we print for our spelling test
so that I can make sure I can read it
very good
all right you got a few more and then
she can go outside nice some more didn't
you already go out once today before
your school was done with Daddy on the
trampoline while I was everything to go
by their friends okay let's get busy so
I just got home from Ness know where
it's not mine
spicy when Daddy food can't thank daddy
for what I just got ass
Annie was very excited to hear that
you're getting your braces off and she
said that you're gonna look totally
different
I'm getting them off one Tuesday
Wednesday one sec you know what guess
what I have to do what it's a way you're
so lucky you get to take get your braces
off I have to go paint pottery when one
is it
yeah she's really excite wait what is
the no soda challenge on May 17 I cannot
wait thank you for asking I really I saw
this soda sitting here and it's taunting
me hey I'm not gonna do the year I'm
doing like I had originally said I'm
stopping on May 17th and Annie is very
disappointed hey what are you doing
why
you wanted to clean Annie's room up does
she know you're doing it it's a surprise
where is she is she coming I thought I
heard a door is she gonna be surprised
she is trash you're a friend sister
years ago let's see what she does
hi hi hi what am i doing okay thank you
why are you so confused she told you now
I know which you're phony that's
the first time for that
I always film you just now creepy we're
doing a little bit of cleaning towards
tours in bursts my bubble like this
again we've gone through this I have
never said clean your rooms Missy's
excuse me you know your bed it's comfy
no that's why I sleep oh yeah Haley's
sleeping in Annie's room right now
because Annie Haley's mattress is at the
new house yay she didn't even use it
both times Oh what's happening I mean
he's about to go up what oh my light
watch how long's it watch when it blinks
you know what it goes no way have you
need to put timers at on the new how I
wanted you I want like I don't know
that's daddy hot place you're clapping
it goes off you clap again and it goes
or the two claps I don't know for on and
off off you go like this to turn on
Haley you know you have to take a selfie
in that shirt right now that I have my
ducky
Haley's buckle ducky we are lucky we are
going to go today and I just like to say
that this is one of my favorite parts of
the days that usually we all gather
round and share our answers of the
question of the day so you guys can
learn a little bit more about us and I'm
not going to make toys and cushions they
got a good one anybody got if I'm really
interested in earth√≠s yes
how do you know would you rather have
your parents as classmates or as
teachers I know let's teach it you'd
rather me be your teacher yes
teach your classmate teach I'd be a cool
classmate I am so I already tell you
what to do know in the classroom so wait
you said classmates and you both said
teachers sticking with it hey Haley
don't eat the duck actually I would you
might work with you soon classmate you
changing it best friend class me you
would be my best friend me Jules no this
room heater best friend Victor all right
so what are your final answers
classmate teeth
your classmate you guys know the drill
and if you don't then you should
probably watch more videos anyways um so
I remember coming down below because you
know because the day is oh uh we just
did it five minutes have you got your
judge classmate or as teachers bye
what's wrong with your eyes by bit
watery
no what do you did you focus okay okay
okay are you crying cuz we have to say
goodbye oh I'm in your personal space be
my personal space hey let's get in your
face enough Katie let's get eating his
face is not and except I might have a
call and change the appointment I didn't
know that daddy scheduled some people to
come over to the new house to do some
work and that's on Wednesday so I'm
gonna figure out what I can do don't
panic he's panicking we'll work it out
I'm back wait what I'd just had the
strangest dream that I didn't have my
appointment ones please stop the
appointment I just don't know we can
keep the appointment hi I want to be the
last red Jenny and see turn the camera
by wait and see
babe I thanks for watching
Britt Haley
