good morning young me and Dylan Dylan
mind whatever you want to call it say
okay but I'm Beth and we're getting our
nails done because huh yeah we're gonna
order the nail garden or something like
that and after we eat - okay ready
you know see you there
see you in the next clip possibly I'm in
the next clip okay
she doesn't have any time right Paige
look at--look look of age look I love
this outfit I haven't dressed up I've
literally worn gym clothes every single
day that I'm in here
and I figured it was a day to dress up
yes and you're leaving tomorrow
everybody cry I promise the vlogs won't
get boring because these guys are gonna
entertain you really on here or on yells
boat y'all film for me as boss might
that makes me so happy
Oh what she says on here Oh today you
guys did it okay so we are obviously
getting ready for the day the lighting
is really bad everyone Preda fine better
late and we're headed out to Santa
Monica we haven't been in so we were
there a couple weeks ago you don't like
the ocean it's probably pretty warm I'm
sorry about this light guys let me try
to figure it out we're shooting some
project today I'm tripping over this is
our pet guys
we treat him like he's our pet he's
always in the way
yeah always just like a regular pet we
feed him Allah he he gets a lot to eat
around here a lot of Doritos which one
much fact no we love to keep all page
and what poop no no good it was so good
these girls are going to get their nails
I've got to sit here cuz I have
someone's coming to the house to drop
some stuff oh hey just taking you
oh she's dancing sorry you need to speed
up Annie because you have to be like we
have to leave in like an hour and a half
two hours well two hours before we head
to Santa Monica and they want to get
their nails done first yeah another one
oh goody look at all Dylan's hair oh my
gosh I know it great has anybody turned
13 still a baby she's been sleeping
nothing's changed I think she's really
eating one you guys look on the wall it
looks so good and their biggest fans I'm
all y'all's biggest fans I'm like
chicken girl's biggest fan and Manny's
biggest fan
I'm Paige's biggest fan I'm like
everybody that I know is biggest fan
look at them I'm just like I just hung
it up like us I won the greater if you
didn't watch it yesterday's video you
can go do that now
because that's that's what not happen
there ad we made it to the nails
and she's getting her nails what color
are you getting like white your so like
out there and you literally get the
craziest colors ever alright then we
have this one over here
diva status getting that new one what
are you getting same I guess I'm go over
then we have this one over here getting
some first fix right yeah we're breaking
so you get the same color probably
Freddy baby baby blue alright guys so
that's the status right now we're
confident this is actually an awesome
place because they're super fast and
they are amazing so we don't know the
name of it okay so I have to film again
because she's getting the dipped nails
and she just flipped out like cuz she
does it look that's how they do it it's
not the craziest thing no I don't know
yeah
isn't that so crazy okay so when they do
the color they just dip it and it's on
there and they put a clear coat snuff
and same you're like see if we can watch
our again then they just shake it off
it's insane just so much better than Joe
and it's last a long time one girl is
done looks so good
nice and fresh
blow it yeah you almost done oh this is
a pretty color almost very pretty but
roll on fast here and he's almost done
you see nice
it's pretty okay so we before we head
out to Santa Monica we are at Chipotle
we grabbed a bite to eat and Annie is
signing some of these to send to you
guys what better way we just got them
and what better time to sit here at
Chipotle and sign up here before we head
out while they're finishing eating Paige
is already in love with them I'm so I
don't remember what this promo was for I
don't know us for the gel or I don't
even know I don't remember what it was
for but we offered something and we
apologize if it's been a little slow to
get to you but we've got them now and
she's going to work on them I think
there's 300 I don't know if this was
people who bought gel oh yeah the nails
came a little thick because they messed
them up and we didn't have time for them
to fix it so they just I don't know
anyways alright Annie are you done I
said five more look she's got a she's
got this much done that's pretty good
and then two more boxes after this huge
box she's gonna be working on it for a
while but you know we appreciate
everything you guys do and if you've
been if you I don't even know what this
is for which I know if those are for the
gel I'll have to ask Nicole but if you
participated in whatever promo this was
we appreciate you
and that's just such a cute picture so
these are coming to you where you gonna
start singing you talking about we need
a montage of pages dancing everywhere
look at our little baby we're gonna be
carrying we're gonna be carrying this
box of stuff around everywhere I wish I
could help Annie sign them but I don't
think they want my signature you know
what I love we're all in our different
conversations like you're talking about
yourself dancing people looking at you
I'm talking about the signature I don't
know what they're talking about
oh I parked in here that box is heavy
you coming dude sorry come you don't run
into anything
limbo semi limbo someone limbo for Paige
we're coming Paige
everybody notice that nannies posing for
a picture and everybody's looking just
drink it
don't don't cut they cover the sign I'm
not a sign the tag yeah they're good
foster no I'm filming Santa Monica Annie
and you taking pictures where you just
laugh you pretend that someone's over
there they're saying something so funny
you know you guys have all done it
don't laugh okay look away other way
so we just got out of here to the
promenade and some of our friends are
over there we're all here we're gonna do
something I don't even really know
exactly what we're gonna do we just were
told to show up at 1:00 and we're here
at 1:00 so you know that's how we're
rolling and then they're gonna do their
thing and I'm not gonna ask any
questions
my friend nice beanie Brooke you're
welcome good you'll do good without hard
work trying to convince mama rock your
hair until that rush come stay with me
oh the boys night Annie can't go to page
leaves tomorrow she can come oh you can
watch some basketball page
you're gonna get fun oh oh my god
so what is going on right now guys we're
and well we're kind of getting out of
know but knows we know it's just the
beginning we're in terrible traffic and
we've been at for our bum now or now and
we're gonna stop at some chick fil a
tomato Haley was not I forgot I thought
she wanted it never mind we're gonna
stop at some chick-fil-a oh wait wants a
now
okay well but closer right now so we're
gonna head I feel like probably a
shorter line yeah Liz always and
chick-fil-a can move so yeah we're stuck
in traffic and we're just living it up
this is our girls night this is how it
starts off yeah we always leave tomorrow
so we highly no all and have a girls
night I'm so sad but I'm so much stuck
in traffic to be back soon till next
year girls night til next people even
say that say wait make it in the bag
she's not saying great
making the mob we're gonna call it the
by okay we're listening okay well how
about you come live until next year
mommy are you serious that's only 35
months
no next years we know what month Oren
guess okay
take a lot look we're in traffic yes so
bad come on guess I'm miserable right
now Oh what if I get you chick-fil-a do
not put this in Bob Oh sad okay
everybody say sad say your best side
faith your sad boys best add voice Annie
wait sing what add it like that okay no
you're tightly your best bad boys say
it's sad
oh my gosh dad okay
a Moscow haze that okay 5:04 defeat you
better get a girl George I don't even
know where we are or don't either
okay we'll show you something
chick-fil-a right now we're just starvin
yeah so we ate our chick-fil-a and guess
what was even worse it wasn't a trap oh
there was not a drive-through so I'd
like Johnny on the side of the road the
best girls night ever we're all in the
car and we're just enjoying this traffic
that is moving literally two miles an
hour look at physicals
like the airplane one because all the
way to high okay okay you're pushing my
seat like a literally around my seat all
right guys this is how we roll mm-hmm
literally one mile Wow only rolling I
get really fast
I just ate that was like a rogue one
wait the Tower of Terror Katie you have
to try this you know Eddie you have to
try it I'm not kidding like it switch oh
oh don't break nothing here it's on
backwards
mm-hmm oh you're some guys are the rest
up look what is the Mike that's a
Judaism rod oh my gosh sure your weaves
wait there you go oh you would be a
pretty one you are blonde at one time
huh no I have no one you were young yeah
you had to highlight dark you showed me
a picture actually
I'm Paige okay Alan I predict how would
I do my intro are you hey guys it's
Paige I don't say my name
hey guys it's me I don't say me I just
say hey hey say we going to target we
okay
and we are going to target mommy's going
upstairs to the apartment and I couldn't
read Merry Christmas for a target go uh
okay
took us forever to park like and now
we're going to get the themes that we
need wait are we going yeah so so we
just spent like 50 hundred thousand
hours in the car splash oh you would
have lost your mind I was losing my mind
she wasn't Park to leave to anything get
situated on your multi ball okay well I
make him cookies now okay we're in a
sector like five let's do it don't you
three go
hello my name is Hayley and you're
watching the Paley what's the question
of the day what's your favorite movie on
Christmas Day I mean I'm when Christmas
time Christmas baby
yeah much worth I'm probably home alone
oh oh oh yeah oh you can see it oh um
I'll say Miracle on 34th Street it's
really sweet but it's okay guys I'm
leaving tonight
and we're all gonna have a good tonight
like what am I saying I don't even know
what I'm saying weird Chanukah oh there
she is like what I'm leaving tonight
I'm leaving today I'm leaving tomorrow
morning I got it right I'm leaving
tomorrow morning and we're having this
movie Christmas cookie morning
cupcake soda everything sugary and we're
just gonna be sick to our stomachs so
worth it you know we're just having a
girls night so we love you so much I'm
gonna miss you guys but Siri don't
forget to come down like a is thank you
all right remember to celebrate life
thanks for watching the tailee
