today I'm Bailey yes time for me any
thing outside chillin we are just
setting out here and it feels really
good you're at the new house
you're not feel really money my mom is
inside too um getting the Easter things
ready because we are going to die Easter
eggs and right now we're still tied on
this beautiful day
yeah it is simply good yeah it's like um
perfect weather to go swimming oh nice
tail a cabe's tanning well I'm going to
make a protein yeah yeah we're gonna
call a picnic yep can we see it oh my
gosh where's the tooth sure what could
go Andy how daddy's usually gonna do all
this stuff well he's not here right now
yeah I go oh yeah you're awesome wait
that all right yeah see the tooth this
was a - that I was ready to come out
what happened outside I'd up lock we
were rolling and I lost my head on her
mat so you bombed it the other day it
busted your lip and kind of knocked it
loose loser and then you bonked it out
on Andy's back yes there's a little bit
of a panic attack for a few minutes
whoo tiny I was like jeez your teeth the
time this is my president wine I don't
but I thought yes well she was running
around the house frantically and I
wanted her here so we could look at it
cuz it was bleeding we even washed her
hands there's soap in there it let me
see ah look I love how my 10 year olds
doing my job the parents job I don't
like blood and teeth I don't care about
so I'm glad that Annie was here because
I I would have had to do it okay yeah I
don't mind cleaning it I just don't like
it I know it's weird I don't like it
when I say in mouth yoginah she's
excited now is the other one loose -
yeah I know she was freaking out and it
took me a few minutes to be able to get
the camera out because we were all
running around crazy and then all of a
sudden the tooth was out I'm gonna get
the kids out yeah what's yeah Haley do
it now account I feel our is out no
you're the really out all right it
sounds like at I've got you feel like it
feels like I've got to wash your hands I
like to wash your hands oh my goodness
all that drama in the middle of boiling
Easter eggs too bad if you like if they
boiled well and you're the run over nice
not by Patrick Easter egg dog and you've
loved before um
oh you can still talk with her a booth
okay let me get it get a good luck or
hand-washed okay let's get a good look
oh my god I forgot to go picture in
everything huh Oh see lunch like a pig
you're always with the missing the few
you gotta send a picture to Daddy cuz I
called him like what I do
you're usually here with the teeth I
don't know how I've survived with three
kids daddy didn't daddy did that's what
I'm saying I've never had to have a wall
tooth she just came in and asked me how
she was supposed to eat it feels weird
yes how Iblees the other one just pretty
soon you're gonna have no front teeth
luckily I can do is I can wiggle it when
it's not too late
no pretty Wiggly but now as wiggly of
that up hey if you could quit bumping
into people that would be great thank
you and make a little bit less drama in
my life that would be great aw he don't
need to roll her let's just be more
careful with the next to mommy and
bloody loose teeth you can get again
thank goodness Annie was here yeah yeah
I was yeah you I would have had to do it
I mean I would have done it I thought
I've got to do it in the nanny took
charge and they're excited cos gate
today we are vicar eating eggs hey
Easter Eve yeah yep we are Dec same um
yep Halley's my big helper helper and
she is stirring them all right
and very sexy very sciency because we
had to add vinegar right to the tablet
and then we added very colorful yeah and
then we added water and I didn't have
any measuring cups at the this house so
I just kind of guess Soho no don't drink
it so hopefully I didn't add too much
water to where these eggs are not gonna
die put it in there but then like
there's an invisible egg and hamp you
can i ask me do it an invisible egg sure
Dyer invisible egg oh it is so you don't
drop it don't drop it hold it right
golly hanging it up set it to nothing
oh yes and I spy some kids and playing a
game
Hey are you two ready to guys some
Easter eggs I don't know don't tell you
a birthday cake you know it's not a
birthday cake hmm um I don't think that
would work and when I'm thinking it oh
yeah I got it okay yeah yeah that's
pretty easy
what is it what are they gonna do what
wish no it don't know are they gonna do
the candle burn burn blow and everybody
I buy both and I we got I thought was an
L - it's not been L not blow oh my bad
then though I don't know toss one
morning hey hailey we can dye some eggs
all day now let's just a math there are
18 eggs right and there are three kids
how many does each kid get to die
wait 18 eggs in total and and you each
get I mean there's three kids is it -
its division I don't think you know
division duplex is deep sentence but I
can't do it with pluses girl it was a
girl
all right guys you guys know to do math
and this is gonna be too easy for you
but there's 18 eggs three kids
how many does each kid get what six okay
oh oh die sick things yeah you can
really do it I'm sure yep
six eggs normal you can use what I ready
to eat right here you put them back in
here and in this tray or not there's
only two so I can go get a spoop we're
gonna have to take two all Bobby I'll go
get you a thing happened you guys are
gonna have to share the egg catchers I
last mmm the spoon
it's turning out really good look at
mine it looks beautiful no Leslie no
mixing it it was cause you put every
color on it and that's okay that's how
you want to do it you really like hand
picture Oh perfect in that I totally did
it
like online is like in a like a movie
star
yeah we have a broken egg a casualty a
casualty can we hold off the table yeah
she was sad until I said you can defeat
it you know again she'll do it a little
bit better that's nice do you want me to
peel it cuz you're gonna eat shelves
okay thanks yeah don't do that
mhm we're on a roll here - I asked you
these two
the pink and gray look awesome and Paige
you can kinda tell me I could park close
and you've done it all
how many do you have three missile just
making sure they're really died right
now we're going to enjoy the rest of our
beautiful Saturday solo there's like
branches sticking out over their land
you can see the land over there that is
low I don't know if you can get a boat
out today don't use up a jet ski yeah
that's right guys we bought a jet ski
today to go right on there it's gonna go
there maybe next week it'll be here is
it a jellyfish hail okay look just jump
in and get the jellyfish enough of this
silliness gonna go right through there's
long stringy things that's what stings
you know we're gonna put it back in now
hopefully he's not gonna get caught on
that
we did Mary guys think he's fine look at
that big one over there he's not dead
he's moving cold I'm gonna check it on
first Watford you gotta gotta get it
he's got who is inside locking the house
up and I saw a crazy game coming on
going on out here trying to make it into
the open door okay don't touch it Caleb
oh you look like you almost flew up
backwards No oh yes take are you gonna
throw without following them yeah the
holder holder leg halos trying from all
the way in the middle of the yard yes
good all right he going again all right
daddy's going will he make it
I wonder if the camera can hear it
whizzes they won't do it from here
No all right Caleb trying it a little
brother back
Oh two feet Caleb two feet to your left
okay Caleb uh shot last shot all right
I'm gonna film the door I didn't hit me
oh it's good I've had to scream a knee
yeah
junha likely it is a good picture
our new neighbors are gonna love I know
that's not very good victory dance watch
the ball Haley have to move your feet
you can't just stay in there you guys
are gonna clean these sticks up after
the Oh Mo's all right we're gonna play a
game
whoever can pick up the most sticks wins
a prize on your mark
no pick up sticks get set I'm not 31 go
I don't one I just see my fear losing
this phone dad okay I'm gonna leave my
niche I don't know what the prize is
gonna be a better fate or something
Feltham we're not counting the six oh
it's tough looks like a net looked like
a mess I think they were like it's big
sticks I am oh maybe she's smart to pick
up big sticks there I'm gonna just go
ahead and give her her hug all right so
real pie is gonna be like some candy or
something look so now we are done
we dropped the boys off and now we are
going to justice
and be cut wait we are going to justice
because I need new pants
I'm not Nate's LEM anymore they are too
small so I'm going to be well I'm in
between sizes so we don't know what to
get you were going to try pants on we
brought a bunny with us hi bunny
it's the Easter Bunny if the tooth was
funny I can't believe he lost
do you mind no she's looking like she
does it's amazing how one itty bitty
teeny tiny tooth could then thank you
look how pretty sunset beautiful it's
look at this year's Easter tomorrow no
one over to lips house yeah yeah we've
got a few bags from justice a never
annoyed Oh baby
we're really excited because it's Easter
tomorrow
show me your sucker
we put a pacifier I'm checking it all
right now a bit when you said pacifier
perfect
how'd I know you're gonna do that so we
just got done shopping at justice and
Old Navy so that brings us into the
question today Caleb will do it when he
get home if we remember if we remember
whoops um and the question today I'm on
lock of the moon huh dumb move
cut for white man I don't see it
straight ahead there yo what was it red
Oh
so anyways the question of the day is
let your favorite store to shop at right
yep that wasn't mine is target Haley
turn the light on back there yeah so we
can see the shiny of course starlets uh
we mean like the shop not like get a
drink
this hella take on five more so don't
forget to comment down below come you
know the crushing the day okay don't
forget to comment down below cuz we even
know the question today is what's your
favorite stores your shirt to shop at by
tomorrow thanks for watching
breath daily
