time for my tally her courage to
gymnastics right now and we have the
Easter Bunny ears that I love so Easter
eggs
oh and we I want to show you guys which
one I should do here's the first one
how does this look with my outfit good
good to lay out there Doug I like the
pink hey there's the pink green yeah I
don't like to read got it
Oh green read it I like the green just
not with your outfit hey okay purple all
right I can't really see my outfit with
this thing we think it looks pretty good
I went to purple to two pink convertible
pink and hello
only one I don't really like his name
but I think it's between pink and purple
thank you
now which one of our older side hold on
my arms getting dinner host Mary won't
let us in the job just all the bunnies
are out here waiting such a surprise on
the gym
you
zero straddle yes
so you're told over here what you have
to do okay that's what we thought
so the more you find the more
conditioning you're doing I love it it's
unlike around 1519 conditioning
shoulders hands and push-ups oh you can
have a wall
did you do handstand push-ups now can
say projects you can use my block
found one
how was that being warmup you guys had
being warm up yeah how was it Karen was
the Easter egg challenge bunnies don't
brow what are you watching first of all
let's cover that because we're having a
conversation here and daddy and I are
really good views what who are you
watching on YouTube right now around row
okay and you're watching a video on what
I computer no but what's the video about
who hmm what kind of frame of it right
so the question is is why would you want
to watch a video about rainbow poop it's
edible but what why would you want to
even think about eating RIBA poop I'm in
London to be out of fondant so she's
making rainbow poop to go on a cake no
no who poops rainbow poop Wayne Louis
rainbows I feel you know kind unicorns
poop rainbow poop him brave oh yeah oh
she's dressed up as a rain right unicorn
okay oh but what's this video like
what's it called VIN oh man I'm in a
court oh yeah yeah that's it unicorn
rainbow poop cookies
hahaha none of that sounds good like for
real seriously it's funny okay carry on
oh my little Easter Bunny doing homework
now I'm the Easter Bunny no no I give
you toys why are you yelling with me
Caleb's friend what you're doing for
homework count the money again count
money Circle Circle the number that's
greatest and underline and win a week
and when he's done the three P's we let
her out and she did athlete I know don't
you Maya
what did what are the three P's that
when he just got to do so first feet
first
that's a good one food and then play and
now she had to go back into the cage the
cone of shame
ha she has to wear the cone of shame and
she's acting like she didn't just have
surgery he's acting like she's just fine
I'm having to keep her locked up to keep
her calm we're about to go live on
periscope for the first time we don't
know how it works so you got to follow
us on bratayley right twitter our
Twitter for tailee so our periscopes all
right Caleb broadcast I don't think I
know how well you hit the broadcast Now
button and then you turn the camera okay
did we watch this thing I think you
didn't
oh is it working yeah I think how many
people are watching 20 now I got 12 like
so I think that's the people who are
viewing it oh I'm so completely up man
it will work oh no oh didn't work okay
hi hello hello hey howdy throw salt with
somebody say howdy
oh my god they know my name do you think
what uh how do I stop this stop the
broadcast yeah thank you
I think tripe down bye bye bye don't
work no I'm a work
like wow are y'all gonna that should we
do it again we gotta wait wait I don't
know I don't upload oh that people can
replay it for like 24 hours I think
Chloe you guys do it again play let's
totally watch that that's funny all
right go follow them on periscope
because maybe there'll be some more
lives q and A's or something that feels
good so I've been doing a whole
collection while filming a whole
of my Leo's and Haley hits an R on and
the cool thing about this is I did it
for my a crow and a channel and I'm
uploading
it's not a feather Haley I gotta break
it okay so the cool thing hold on there
sit down the cool thing about this is
I'm going to edit well I already filmed
it I filmed it all by myself and I'm
going to edit it by myself and it's
going to be up next wind it's Wednesday
on acro Anna so go and check that out
subscribe thumbs up please and so my mom
six and dinner right now and here I have
all of my stuff oh that was really fun
anyways I'm so hungry right now ready
yeah I have Oh winny why you have your
cone how does a young Zion you're like
girls
we need got a cone off because I'm
watching her to make sure she hadn't let
her stitches but I'm not watching you
jump on the stove though we're from
gymnastics okay why is it I'm jumping on
the trampoline you got a blister oh yeah
I see it
excuse me Winnie Winnie can you Winnie
can you please act like you just had sir
thank you she's getting big yep
look how big she is she looks humongous
right now when you gotta get down now
that's just teaching you bad manners
hello all your all the viewers out there
and what not um well today is time for
video video are you well
the end of the video well today it's
been a pretty nice day we just did a
live broadcast which we are a bunch of
questions and we hopefully answer the
few of them nobody natural them anyways
um we will probably do another one if
you miss that one very soon because it's
fun and it's great way of showing you
guys what we're doing at that moment
anyways um well the question the
question the day is something from that
broadcast just what is a folk song my
firt song is from is from Sheppard and
it is strong anima and ice come down
below because you know no question today
is what if it's on something like
broadcast see you guys tomorrow
bye babe
thanks for watching
Britt Ailey
