time for Jamie so we're taking we need
to get 20 kid so I'm taking gritty to
get when he can have puppy surgery and
um so as you can see her leash is this
um working out band and we didn't have
any lesion because all the leashes are
at the other house and right now I have
Witte in my lap she's so big you are so
bitch are so fit
well Winnie I know you thought you were
going on an adventure and I mean I guess
there's an adventure I'm so sad yeah
Piper was looking out the window it's
like why is that little marshmallow good
to go
Winnie Winnie you ready to go in is
Whitney ready nope
he doesn't win oh thank you she doesn't
this place is okay you gotta go dude be
brave be strong and be hungry she hadn't
been able to eat some nine o'clock all
right I'm gonna come around and get her
out when you gotta move your you got her
when you get your paw sighs oh there's
food down there don't let her get that
check Smith he stepped on it
oh nice jump I know I know we're goofy
with this oh we're goofy with this leash
it's like rubber so it's not like the
best leash
yeah just yeah perfect perfect now put
the rest of it in back in the car
cuz when he's not gonna be back in the
car yet look at your footprints on my
car Annie
that was a loop that was no there's no
committees but Fred so when you got out
of the car you close the door and when
he was looking and she looked around and
he looked this way and she saw you and
teeth to the window you excited all
right like not that she was gonna jump
off the windows right into the number
she jumped out of a window that's close
got it is it on our top doing a cord
beat thing I say so we are going to pick
up Winnie I tell them with drastic yeah
I hadn't say it nope say it Annie you
did it's the truth no she's not gonna
say it so and you just got back from the
nastic killers up
I'm thinking what I didn't now say
there's nothing else even thing so we
got Swedish chocolate this one's mine
it's delicious I know it's really
Amanda's mom it's like I'm waiting on
them peeps to bring Winnie out and
Hayley's found something to do you
playing with baby toys Molly yes I turn
the cam around be something in there and
say something okay we'll just say it no
all right guys I'm gonna try it off
since she asked me to but I'll let you
know what she says see you guys
he's just reading that magazine right
now she went up playing with baby toys
that's what she wanted to say what you
read about what's the news yet people
dang he's on the cover
no need these people no pop quiz let's
see let's do B now who's that I don't
know these are famous people nevermind
now we're in the room and
don't state guys down there about to
bring her in so we're looking at
magazines again
look baby animals I've got this - any
second now mr. Piper's mr. oh look cute
there she is hey wiener Emeli right are
you mad are you ready to go home
untangle her come on weenie skinny mini
let's get in the car skinny mini come on
yes yeah that was Winnie this way I'm a
lifter okay Winnie 20 feet bump Winnie
speak them all tight oh I got you Linda
little here's your baby home Piper you
can't get in the cone with her easy easy
that's a good girl Piper you sniffing
her all over it's your same puppy all
right now you gotta quit kissing her
because she's got to go to bed Piper no
easy yes hi we're happy to see you too
she's got stitches Piper the conehead
he's lady puppy cheetah lady Foss
she's still lies lazy never I like that
song what's wrong
Piper do you remember you had one of
those we can go watch videos of you when
you had a conehead yeah we can all right
we're going to get way comfy then we got
some errands to run after we get Winnie
comfy comfy honey's gonna babysit dogs
Lisa and Caleb can stay we got to go
find bunny ears for Annie's Easter
pictures at gymnastics tomorrow so
what now that we got Winnie and the
dropped her off and made sure she was um
in her cage and not dancing around with
Piper um we are going to get some dinner
and we are going it to the store to get
some bunny ears for gymnastics because
tomorrow at gymnastics is our last
practice till Easter and um we're going
to take Esther picture mastics tomorrow
and we all want everyone wearing some
kind of hat or bunny ears or anything
and pastel leotards or clothes we're on
a bunny hunt a buddy at home because of
you let's go hunt for some bunnies we
are going to eat somewhere around here
near the dollar store
no the Dollar Tree - yeah we found a we
found them oh my gosh they're a dollar
steal hmm
I'm eating a sucker anyways hey they
gave me this auger and this um time for
the question today we're all doing it
separately
right now it's Mattern and yeah you can
see hailey in the back anyway
um oh very good yeah this isn't the day
I made it up is what's one moment you
will never forget mine is when David and
Papa died while he was in here she can
just answer okay okay
so my answer is two things
mmm okay fine you can pick - um it's
firm is
I stopped my or in a popular if you
forgot then it's not a memory Oh lever
you'll not ever forget oh um well the
first one that we'll never get in
- step and what's the other one
yeah if you've anonymous that's my money
oh yeah
I regret that accident yeah I'm Ritchie
Joe oh okay anyways um now that happened
don't forget to comment down below so
you want to know the question today is
what's a memory that you will never
forget I see tomorrow okay guys so it's
time for the question of the day which
as you know is what is one moment you
will never forget and like mom just said
it doesn't have to be a good moment
which mine isn't so one day we're at an
amusement park and I went to the wave
pool and dummy how I used to be because
I'm smart now I do started splashing
because I was drowning and um well let's
just say I was saved by Superman
that's definitely what happened you guys
all know it just kidding um well I did
almost drown but I was not saved my
Superman sadly I was saved by an 8 year
old girl named Annie um so uh well that
is my moment that I'll never forget
hopefully I really don't want to
remember it but oh so traumatizing I
can't get it out of my head stuck there
and I can't get it out anyways um well I
guess we'll see you some more remember
to come from below burn another course
of the day is oh I just hurt my head
it's not that it's um well it's one no
miss Jill never forget November does not
be good mom because my it wasn't anyways
see you guys are mom baked potato baby
thanks for watching Britt Ailey
