time for what Amy good morning gasps
wait I just kind of realized something
does it don't our videos go up at 7:00
yeah oh yeah why my resent good morning
oh you're watching it so coming down
below what time you are watching this
right now I'll give you some time here
we go let's do some couples love doing
are waiting it for them to cute ten nine
eight seven six five four three two one
mmm mmm time's up all right so anyways
if you didn't get it in time just to go
do it after the video and right now
we're at our house well of course you
can see that we're at our house but
anyways um I woke up a long time ago
like seven now and right now we where I
was during school and I was like hey
let's go to new house yeah so we're
going there's a new house because um
these guys are doing something to the
alarm thing uh for a new house and um
yeah we're going to school over there
which is really exciting because we've
never done that before and I all right
guys ready yep yeah dude
Camera Raw cha-cha-cha cha-cha-cha
cha-cha-cha
hey bruh touch' Co Picacho hmm look at
the Winifred she's all locked up good
Piper doesn't have a cage and here
anymore she's aa be locked up
I appreciate thank you she gonna have a
cake
cuz it's over can you help really has
her stuff ready isn't that really heavy
no no I miss it
what do you have in it all of your
school stuff yes my papers and my mentor
for teens want to see my stuff Hayley
you want to see how heavy my stuff is
read it up is it's really heavy
mom the other day we went to the store
to buy some bathroom things and my mom
put well we weren't here to put it away
that day so my mom put it away and
they'll even over go get into your first
hmm
cuz we're going in Hayley's room first
let's look what got a step stool so
thank you okay let's go
cute okay so - you and your this fashion
and what not is gonna smash it let's
look in here
this one okay she's stuffing those and I
can can watch me nice quiet school day
in the new house got two girls here
doing some school these are the cutest
headphones come on it doesn't get much
cuter than mini headphones what test you
test testing in one o'clock were you
just again so why are you giving my
spelling pretest mm-hmm greatest buried
identify right do test a lot caleb is
hanging out on the living room studying
hey what's up are you sure jujitsu
prayer are we gonna say something but
I lost my mind of speech and Haley it's
playing with a dog toy yes they both are
getting up every five seconds right and
it's usually me but these two these two
today so I'm still doing school and her
down I'm studying for a test and I have
like I have 30 words that I hate to do
plus vocabulary
well now I've taught it three words and
then have seven more vocabulary words
right now
and I have like approved describe
certificate emphasize Michigan Labor
Agriculture that I got wrong on my
pretest experienced herd celebration
equator that I got wrong celery measure
quantity heard sword cereal reputation
squirrel Florida symbols citizens demand
damaging right now I'm having a snack
while I'm doing it and so far I can do
it but I kind of forget so I'm just
going to turn this backwards
okay so convenient is easily done easy
to reach revolve is to move about in
orbit or circle a hole isn't it the next
one I'm after like a thumb then I just
needle put my hand over it like this so
I can only see those gracious kind
courteous appetizing appealing to the
appetite and thoose e azam a hold on I'm
busy azzam eager interests zeal wisdom
knowledge and no it's a judgment based
on God's Word huh
so okay so many words yes so my mom's
just editing right now I'm just gonna
help me she's gonna give me the test
Annie I are just hanging outside well
rather two kids finish their school day
yeah we were being really loud in there
so we're like alright let's go outside
okay
so being a we made up this thing daddy
it's a marching one well kind of part of
it smashing pardon stop I notice Annie's
got shoes on so she doesn't get another
Center it was right there right here
yeah
doot-doot-doot carp carp bill on there
scared what are you scared of it's like
a level five move old level five and
you're a lefty so you're not even going
towards the water there again nice oh so
now Haley's gonna get splinters what are
you doing I need you help
what do you need help with draw a
picture of the answer so first you have
to match the pictures that rhymed finish
the riddle and draw a picture of the
title riddle so you did the first part
so read the riddle I say tick
top mm-hmm okay tick-tock what else
and down here I have two hand knits
hands hand I say tick-tock I have two
hands I am ax I don't know I say
tick-tock and I have two hands
Hey look at me right there that's what
you're supposed to be um finishing I say
tick-tock I have two hands aren't you
here what's the tick-tock and has two
o'clock good job I am a clock so write
the answer and then draw a picture you
can do it right out here if you want
right there okay but don't let your
paper
well I won't use the excuse of my paper
fell in the water
hey I was getting a splinter yet no
one's coming out here with shoes are you
gonna learn a lesson from Annie she had
a splinter out here the other day he'll
have it we got a beach again hey ya know
you've got good shoes on you can walk
carefully okay kiss oh is it wet yeah
really ah so hot down there Wow not
swimming water yet
but how cold like ice water no not that
cold
jeez good to leave the action yeah you
want to do the ice water talent as well
but you have clothes here don't you
Caleb no I dare you to go get in the
water and then that's it that's it there
then you can change clothes shirt you
don't have any shirts here hands take
your shirt off the cameras on you you
swim without a shirt on not gonna do it
I would go look in your room and see if
you have a shirt I did laundry Oh watch
out I went down there and everything oh
my gosh I can't do this with your papers
in my hand and the camera here daddy I
hate it with my hand here for balance
we're going in we're going on adventure
the cold Haley okay let's say it feels
like really like I'm gonna get this
shoes baby yeah okay feel oh my gosh she
can't get in that water I think I've
changed my mind that is cold really
doing this he has a different shirt on
infused out of it okay are you gonna
jump in or are you just gonna like gonna
jump right in yeah wait oh don't take a
Talon I guess no one's making it again
yes
for the record no one's making him do
that duh
all right you got to go though cuz I
gotta take any to the gym okay where am
i jumping any other side of this wall
oh my goodness okay so I got a song on
the boat hey I'm gonna do it right on
your mark
no no count out that says I cannot watch
do you know - I just got a leash you get
what I think I say we're the ones making
you doing it feel like doing this
shaking like you have a shouldn't laughs
yeah it's to sunshine and pretty bright
today with the waters cool all right
come on
by the way when you hit the water I
think I heard panic what did I go I
think I heard it took his rifle was it
worth it
no are you regretting it right now no no
I'll do it again skip story I took away
free daddy said he heard you gasps that
was Cassie I know why did taking over
shock to that time of the day again so
gather round gather round fibers ready
for the question of the day anyways this
time way do not get up from your seat
can you not need to go to the bathroom
right now how sit down don't close your
computer right now do you not okay so
the question of the day is what's your
room so the question of the day are mom
it out through the box but she like
cheated cuz she look at all of them she
wanted to find a good one okay so yes
we're down to like just a few questions
of day from the box got to start over
what is one goal you want to accomplish
this year I just not you New Year's so I
throw the good question what goal do you
want to accomplish my show me the money
okay I want to accomplish um getting on
my level eight skills um
keep a high batting average right drop
in lovin ethic how many of you want to
watch this year 120 120 huh well that
should be hard for you to accomplish
haha cuz you like watch while using one
today watches those and 120 a night to
the 120 a night okay but anyway what is
one goal that you want to accomplish
this year go to the next level of
gymnastics yes that's a good goal what
do you think you have to do to
accomplish that goal more cards hmm now
you're not gonna work hard yeah Oh your
coaches might be watching mmm now I can
turn off the video wait no no you can't
don't forget to come down vlogs we have
another question today is what is 100
now can't take care of the computer huh
what is one goal you want to accomplish
this year fax you tomorrow night now you
may not know do can now like Haley said
watch another good I have to block off
the screen now but there is no other
veil there's lots of other videos we
have like 1100 video 1100 yeah a
thousand we hit 1100 of the film
something
sorry doc big goal let's all right go to
bed everybody you and you and you and
you right here go to bed and you too
especially Matt he's gotta go get to her
tomorrow
yeah she is why we're getting her that
Winnie can't have puppy surgery no cuz
we don't want a lot of puppies running
around here how these two dogs are
enough okay let's go baby
thanks for watching
Britt Ailey
