time for what Amy hey guys we got sad
news Haley got a busted lip playing
outside she got into a fight with
someone's head her face hit someone's
head how's the other person's head she's
very sad so um we're sucking on a
popsicle it's got a little bit of a fat
lip I don't know if she'll let us look
at it she's a little sad have you looked
in the mirror at it yet huh yeah a
little bit of a fat lip but we have good
news right I go too fast Caleb that
summit that's our good news I know our
good news is we're going to go to a
movie tonight you're gonna go pick the
globalgirl up from gymnastics and then
we're gonna go see the movie home I hope
you're gonna be in a better mood about
it how are you doing you did it knock
your tooth out know that a good or bad
you're glad it didn't yeah
this isn't much fun right now till we
look at it now no I don't want to show
anybody can't see it with that popsicle
on your mouth
Wade he got it bad every day yeah Haley
it's okay
you just have one bat lip she's got fat
face and fat belly
yeah my fat brother caleb is not fat so
you guys know how Hey
while fellip true knocking I wonder pops
so Hayley has a fat lip an e on the fat
lip rah
dr. phone on what quarter face that's a
warning to all kids out there no texting
and laying your bed mm-hmm I bet she's
not the only one that's dropped her vote
on her face I bet it happens frequently
never drop your phone on your face Kayla
no so what happened
mm that's so funny you're the funniest
parents in the entire universe
Caleb sure no sure you hey love uh
Hayley your parents are you funny
wait motley your you have another parent
yeah your biological parents so I just
hate want to start with so anyways oh
I'm tired anyways anyways again video is
anyways we well I just found out that we
are going to dinner and no we're not
going to home we're going to watch the
movie home at I know I'm going after
dinner right dinner so ah can't
Oh beeping I wanna hit peanut she just
walked behind the car I don't want to
squash a peanut peanut
seriously guys what the movies inside
not out here we're like the last five
minutes I've been checking emails and
they've been watching a movie so we
might as well just sit and I forgot to
even in the parking lot meet you they've
been into this movie Lemony Snicket
they're watching and they've been silent
and zoned in so do you guys want to sit
in the car I'll go in a look I'll go in
I'll get some popcorn I'll come back out
and give you the popcorn and we can just
watch the movie in the car it's a lot
cheaper that way okay okay
would you I don't my popcorn sure I'll
pay you like five dollars if you go and
do my zoo so you can watch the movie in
the car no I'll pay you a hug oh I like
pants and hug shiny penny shiny penny
I'll pay you a dime my favorite coin of
the quarter I'll give you cord oh my
favorite coins the dollar coin I'll give
you know having item can we go in now
yeah go in
let's go in and eat the food of your lip
good see little there see we told
everybody about you dropping the phone
on your face
proof oh man we've got some bad lips
going on guys know who happy painting
you aren't texting why was your phone
above your face we took people a bit
like oh I was like so there's a new bet
my phone when I'm going to see your
phone Oh careful I was like this one of
this him just flip and it turned and
boom we've had some bad luck with
Annalise she probably did she came down
and she was like I dropped my phone in
my face no um actually I came down and
you're like what happened and I was like
I dropped my phone number
she dropped her phone or busted lip one
busted lip - can we see your busted lip
no I think it pushed her tooth over even
more can you see my busted baked lip
best part about this was Claire
okay I think that is quite right gonna
shake it up and give it a little shake
oh yeah just use your hand oh the hot
dry or is it just deliciousness I think
we're gonna need a ton of these
we've got popcorn we've got candies
we've got drinks we are ready for home
okay that is plenty of butter that is
like saturator
the movie home no he just got here
alright hey I've got this alright so we
just got back from a great movie and
before we go into the questions that I
would like to ask everyone what who was
the favorite um character from the movie
mine was the cat Hayley - Kip and Oh
which one's your favorite tick
No oh of course it's gotta be a local in
character okay so any we also have to
give the movie a rating play action out
of ten I rate that movie and eight i
rated it a seven why because it was kind
of like I'm not going to give it away
but yeah I was gonna give away I saw
what I could I would do a ten gonna do
it ten sure - anyways don't pick the
funny comment down below please we want
to know I'm about to say the question of
the day I forgot we didn't say the
questions a day yet okay the question
the day is describe your dream house
yeah go first not I will go first okay
are you really okay so my dream house
would be a house that isn't too big but
is it too small just the right size like
big big bedrooms of I like white cat um
kitchen so white and might maybe like
this would kind of kitchen I like like
kitchens and then um big living room
comfy and yeah it's really all Haley you
can that so my dream house is curly
scared like this three rooms on the same
floor geez you really thought this
through
yep a magical spot for all of us okay
hello great oman kitchen white cabinet
and fuzzy floors I know that harbored so
carpet yeah carpet okay I have to say
gotta say like in my kitchen ran it
thought you were gonna say green I was
like granite like countertops I don't
know what kind of like back splash
rubber bullet and like hi this is
brownish dark brownish marina SHhhh a
color countertop I mean I counted up
whatever it's called floor shell
whistles tablet cabinet Thank You
Katerina Bart and it flows like this
probably a little bit darker um and then
try wait what I've got to do something
now go you're upside down too long on
the main floor and then a master bedroom
with a Jacuzzi in the bedroom
Oh Oh like the bath though got it then I
have like a half bathroom jeez yeah
really think this stuff through also on
the main point on the top floor and have
like three bedrooms
probably one guest bedroom up there with
a good-sized bathroom and then to medium
sized bedrooms with small sized
bathrooms okay and I've done and then a
huge basement Oh mwah all right so now
that we've explained our tire dream home
with literally every decoration to you
four teeth for you guys I don't forget
to comment down below because we want to
know the question of the day is describe
your dream have enough I see tomorrow
bye uh oh Haley forgot to do a test
today
yeah yeah so we're doing oh you skip two
flips so we're doing a little late-night
homework okay yeah Tom speak oh no no
that's all speech oh that's a spelling
homework you have a spelling test
tomorrow do you even know how to spell
any of your spelling test
I'm just going test oh I'm delirious
it's too late at night homies brain
doesn't work past nine o'clock okay you
guys got to do your money count your
money video I'm editing your videos in
the morning yeah sometimes I edit at
night sometimes I go in the morning
depends if she's tired
yeah and I'm tired - no thanks oh my
gosh sometimes you forget about money
yes granny he'll pick it at her splinter
we are falling apart tonight busted lips
splinters forgetting tests you need to
what can I do wines a sublime however
you need to do it but I just can't help
you could as a test wear your shoes when
you're outside on wooden surfaces
oh I jump down Lycos trick inhaling gun
without shoes on babe thanks for
watching
Britt Ailey
