time for me
just hanging out at the house having a
photo photo session here Caleb you're
going to post some of those in Instagram
because now I've called you out on it
Caleb taken a bunch of really cool
pictures at the house this morning just
a lazy Saturday morning see daddy
doesn't feel good he doesn't know he's
not feeling great
yeah like blat blat she's allergic to
the new house no he's gonna stay home
and relax and the girls are gonna go
somewhere to lunch with Olivia and we're
gonna get our nails done
do you I and what I and Starbucks
probably I'm now yes I forget about you
I brought the chair over last night what
did you we got our old couches in our
living room now kind of weird to have
them back out this couch is more
comfortable than the new couch but these
pillows are always on the floor because
I just fixed them and you kids haven't
been down here until like two minutes
ago yeah making some lemonade without
sugar lemon water no you're not any
sugar
oh I shouldn't have said anything
and then those who are on the phone you
can have one sugar not really shiny it's
eerie I read it in Syria towards Irish
of the last one home run ah boy
there's no foolin yeah just a home and a
boy running mmm gonna taste like
lemonade
I'm gonna beat you know any not there
that's all so what are we doing going to
deserve bucks
why so we can get it right they get
credit to no where else are we going
after Shabbat this is
yeah what are you gay on French tip with
what color MIT agree and then what
design are you getting don't know me
neither
yeah ok we'll do the Frappuccino girls
happy birthday star oh oh I don't want
to you're sure come on fit her doll it
was kind of gross and Batman or the
other strong darling Astrakhan fighting
I think they're stronger than oh I'll
toy alright that was a waste of two
dollars in business sorry Carla give
them some land
yeah you can have him it wasn't a waste
them
you're short
that's why feel good Haley Haley let's
get up and anyway down there I'm and hey
Annie what are the best you're gonna get
like you gotta show me Annie was
grinning from ear to ear let me see your
hand
oh my gosh what that is so pretty not
gonna focus though on the camera that is
the place for that gonna hum no it'll
come on bring the toes oh that is so
cool
that's like public airbrushed which is
you guys yeah so we're in my room right
now and we are about to go to the to the
to dock wait no no no do the don't do
that and we're gonna watch something I
don't know I'm not filming your
fingernails that is poor oral anyways
were about to go everybody's getting
ready and yeah me nearly just chilling
when they're fried
that's it yeah say my bed and my new
dares muggy you we have said we're
headed to the circus to take Caleb back
to his mommy and daddy
remember that story Caleb where you got
your chimpanzee he really thought a
chimpanzee
you were not how the story he wanted to
tell it so um when mommy
um when Caleb didn't how old stories
about two or three I guess I said when
Kayla was two or three
he saw mommy holding a chimpanzee it was
a picture it was a picture of a
chimpanzee and mommy told it told Kayla
that that was him when he was a baby
look at the picture of Caleb and mommy
we gave the baby a gala actually
believed
her and then one day like I did I
thought that after that you're like okay
honey I believed it too cuz I was like
you if you were champion see how did
hell where did all your fur go you got
the shaved it off yeah so later on he
was flipping through that same photo
album and he came across and he's like
there's me when I was a baby and it's
like a year later I'm like oh my gosh
what have I done to my child
I've scarred him for life thinking of
the chimpanzee
so you gonna ready to go meet your
monkey family oh wait come back to the
circus you know this is the champion
yeah are you talkin yep what'd you say I
wish I make you better fabulous
whoa
back from the circus we came back with
our monkeys there were no monkeys there
so no we got a woolly mammoth though I
named a liliane and really the woolly
mammoth yeah what's your favorite part
the one when people came out the Tigers
the motorcycles hail is our Acrobat
things yeah I like the trapeze artist he
bows the scariest part when they felt
that motorcycles their blood one -
motorcycle is burgers now we're waiting
like a line of traffic
I think we're getting out of here
anytime soon baby
and then they twit - yeah what do you
think about that I sent an elephant out
and what was elephant wearing Willy
ma'am its fur
that's funny Haley that was a real wooly
mammoth baked potato baby
thanks for watching
Britt Ailey
