hi for me
morning guys I wanna Haley hunt came
over to the new house and we're actually
programmed Haley's computer for the new
Internet
and I lost her iPad she's in a row
watching videos oh how cute is that
you're in your room you got a little
stool at a computer in a candle you love
it now you just need a bed in here yes
yeah Haley says that she needs a bed
that she could run and jump on right she
doesn't want to loft Ben anymore
so what am i right guys I want to climb
up a ladder so what do you think the
plan is I want to tell everybody what
the plan is so I'm getting a nice bed
this flop bed that you can swap now we
always find Haley relaxing a nanny bed
like what are you doing here yeah we get
music in our rooms you can listen to
someone by they're talking yeah figured
that out yeah
I go to Eddie's room do you have to do
it yeah I know I
and I know ya teach me please and we
only have a few minutes so we got to get
you to gymnastics you when they're
talking and this listen left and when
you want to talk you guys sit Marla see
if it works I don't think it works are
you going to talk or am I gonna talk can
you hear me daddy hurt us I don't know
how it works I can't hear you oh my gosh
oh my god he's got it what are you guys
doing trying to figure this out I can
hear you what's the what's the listen
button for what's the listen button for
you figure it out I know how does he do
that let's go ask a debugger bring some
beds over and yeah sleep here this
weekend we came hey you basketball so
before we could hear you upstairs
she knows that first was another good
adorable
did you push the top button
can you hear him no I hear no it doesn't
work
no we can't hear you but we heard you
four upstairs I could hear you so I
could bring a few beds over daddy I'll
be in a small hole
daddy we want to sleep in our new house
tell him yeah yeah you it's not working
I give it up okay hey guys well um we've
had a really short video and if you
remember the other day Haley got her
hair cut
yeah and my mom filmed it cuz it was
really funny cuz it looked like she was
about to fall asleep because she was so
relaxed and my mom forgot to put it in
the video so we're gonna put it in this
video just to make it a little bit
longer so roll the clip
were you almost falling asleep it looked
like everywhere we were sitting it looks
thank you so much
so I hope you enjoyed it it was really
cute you it was probably better in
person and now it's type of question of
the day
hey you'll take the question of today
man look out oh geez have you been doing
this for a long time okay just pick one
and I'll read it which me next we did
already if you could name your family
members what would you need call it
would what would you call them hmm is it
like all of them okay yeah my fit but
not like all of them like my cousins
yeah not like right all right so I would
name Caleb
my name's Caleb you want me to do it
first don't want I would name Caleb
Caleb Caleb yeah no no I would impale
Joseph Joseph I would name it hailey
Carolina Madeline Madeline or Caroline
yes I'd name my dad daddy do know I um
hey hey okay okay
Oh Miss Smith Smith okay mom hmm and
Abigail Abigail
yes fortune her mommy
millions I'm Megan for mommy what about
daddy myself no you know can't name
yourself your family members Oh
and I'll get Caleb Caleb Jack Jack what
about daddy daddy your name um daddy no
Megan I know dad okay I'm kidding
hmm hmm Gabe Gabe okay what about me hmm
okay I got two months to okay what is it
is me yeah you okay Abby and Melissa
Melissa no no no Alexei Alexei got it
okay so now we're done that was a really
long yeah I don't forget to comment down
below cuz we want to know the question
of the day is if you could name all of
your Finn family members what would you
need that
well what would you call them I see
tomorrow Hey okay so you just saw the
girl is not doing very good job of
wrapping up and I said that because
Hayley's in here I just see me how would
you know mmm-hmm and sorry you guys
other questions a day so I'm gonna go
ahead and answer it which my answer
would be for Haley I think I would call
her Bratton I'm kidding um tell me
real name and it's not weenie pants
weenie pants yeah I don't think I've
ever called like that oh I have to say
some reason she looks like like and like
like and Isabel to me about it isn't
that I don't know what I would call my
mom or something yes this what is she
some time thinking about Haley uh
probably yeah no I never Gail um like a
a monkey once yeah now give me a name I
know
no nanny looks like to me anyways next
uh Caleb I've gotta say both of my
parents have accurate knees that's what
I would think about them I would not
change the means anyway so Haley do it
again do the jingle at the end don't
forget to come come blue don't forget to
come down below god we want to know what
the grossman of the day yes where is it
where you can your family members what
would you name them so um I guess we'll
see you guys later and
hey babe
thanks for watching
Britt Ailey
