today let's see being doing the first
try hey everybody it's the beginning of
another great day all great days start
with school right Haley got this one
here with a pencil in her mouth ooh the
erasers like already used don't put it
in your mouth
she's working on some language you
faking it now I try to trick me
thanks and we've got this one with the
door closed again working hard or hardly
working working hard or hardly working
both how's that possible what are you
working on today man what are you
learning in math cool and the other girl
is up and about and she's at the grocery
store for us and she's getting us some
food cuz that's what you get at the
grocery store and I feel like Haley's
sneaking up on us what are you doing
where are you going you out of here all
right that's what we're doing this
morning nobody really wants to be doing
school this morning
later on dance rehearsals I say Thursday
or Friday I have lost Thursday lost all
track of days so you have rehearsals
today and tomorrow it's gonna be amazing
boom back okay so you're welcome for
this update you guys cuz every time I
pull the camera out it distracts them so
I'm gonna turn the camera off we're
gonna get back to school and we will
update you in a little bit at least
bouncing around all weird she's still
doing math oh no she's on to math when
we last saw you she was doing language
I got laundry going and we've got a knee
let's check on Annie uh must be good you
got a 90 on math you're still on ma we
are here's your update it is 5:00
12:19 and we've been going what's wrong
we've been going for three hours whoo
we're catching up we're catching up you
look at your little messy bun it reminds
me of your gymnastics days it's so
pretty
Oh for your birthday
great oh oh yeah she was about to take a
break we're a little behind so she's
gonna take a break and then she's gonna
do some more before dance rehearsals
that's a candle he decided for what my
art say I'm gonna do my bullet journal
she's got this Amanda taught her or
showed her it's like the bullet journal
a journal we got is this it yeah and
it's helped her get be more efficient in
school so she's got a new system I think
we've shown this but just in case you
missed that look at this she sent me a
picture of it and I thought it was one
of those just fill in the blank I'm like
hey the blanks but no she drew all this
yeah there's just a blank journal like
what someone she said can you order me
one on these and Amazon I'm like what
you didn't show me which kind the one
you sent me was blank
oh it's a sticky thing okay so there's
your update it's break time around here
I also want to make another Jeremiah she
hates the stuff which
mmm now she's already back yeah just put
a list together we're gonna clean this
room it seems like it always needs to be
cleaned with three girls in there oh yes
always Haley from but Adams smoothie
time I think we're addicted I know when
we bought it we're like well should we
get this one or we should just get like
a regular blender blender without these
cups were like you know what I think
we'll use them I don't do ice I use just
the frozen the frozen fruit looks yummy
spinach strawberries looks like mangoes
blueberries dude dude dude
so Annie's on break Paige is editing I
think it's like you've been editing all
morning after Target she's been working
so hard
Haley's still on math 17 minus eight is
not eight
okay look at this this is fine no you're
doing you're on the right check but I
think I haven't really looked at your
work that this is why Hayley made a
mistake earlier cuz her 9s and fours
look the same make that curvy so you
know it's a nine so I make her start
making her four is different will you
have to actually subtract we're
subtracting decimals now did you make a
silly mistake yeah it was probably or
four in your nines review that footage
actually there really is no footage you
can see your computer you need more milk
too thick she's learning how to do it
and the best way to learn is to do so
I'm done now you just have a test and
you're done that's better
will for effect it will protect the
recipe alright guys it is
she's almost to a million on YouTube so
like 900,000 I know we're kind of
obsessed we'll be back - they're getting
in the car watch let's watch it let's
looks good you guys watch it - go
subscribe to Hailey's Channel you going
to work out six minutes max thanks for
watching hey Haley I change it mmm yes
thank you for me and awesome masterpiece
with your leftover paint on it Paige
plops down let's watch the best of her
daily if you guys didn't know we're
having a weekly recap on Haley's channel
I mean they're working out and order in
school and/or I like that and and doing
school okay so we're gonna watch if you
guys didn't know we have a weekly recap
on Haley's channel the best of retail a
whoops I just pushed something else
and we need to get Haley to a million
we're obsessed with chicken girls and
Manny oh that's cool they look that
looks like almost alike what oh I love
all these like suggested and recently
uploaded oh okay
anyways I got sidetracked best of
Bertolli coming good question so
finalized okay ready first I mean not
Dorito of the day okay so right now we
are heading to Starbucks before we go
for like 20 minutes early we never get
anywhere so we're like let's go to
Starbucks I'm gonna get a pink drink me
too
I can never ever ever get it up in this
weather he's like perfect mm-hmm
it's December Annie I mean
outfit of the day are you trying she
thinks it's so cool at those pants he's
at the pants there's two pairs right
that habit
Oh Oh so though okay and our other pair
the other day had a pocket and she
thought it was so cool let's push the
button we're just gonna be standing here
all day
while we were dancing I was like
unrolling my pants
a button
everyone
I think you're crazy all the time
alright let's eat
Jumanji yeah you can see that push the
next button not that one that's the butt
amigos pushed and mr. Starbucks we will
see you in a second yes
good it really is Oh oh I remember the
first time I tried one of these I wasn't
sure I was gonna like it and I did don't
remember what
Oh eight seconds
everything that people probably think
we're crazy for filming everything we do
yep yep
I don't remember the first time I had a
pink drink I feel like we filmed it
though we're gonna do rehearsal and
we'll see you in a little bit so sweaty
with only five minutes and we're kind of
nailing it
y'all are done how do you feel how's
everybody feel tired tired
did you get a nail ripped off I heard
that's actually pretty awesome right
yeah any like yes so could we kidnapped
and her and I got her - we're gonna have
a pizza well we don't know what we're
having for dinner but we're definitely
having cookies and we're watching movies
finally yeah that's why you're here
she's ever watch what you're up to like
coming to get me I was like yeah we're
gonna torture you I'll get them and I'll
bring them home well you're right
because I love the movie he thinks it's
torture you've never seen it you don't
know if it's torture who'd yesterday no
I'm not and we know in real life Wesley
and what is his wife say to you she's
gonna quiz you next time we love the
movie Hayden things at torture but he
doesn't know I don't like love stories I
mean I've never seen lowlands ride
Superman I think it is a love story
the only love story Aidan's ever seen we
brought some friends home for you Hayley
we're just talking about what did you do
did you make the video oh my gosh don't
show it cuz it's like probably the
videos not gonna be up yet right Hayley
it looks so good
did you do your skit yourself or without
a surprise you're the face piped
yourself okay that game is really fun
have you watch your mouth or eat those
things that open your mouth up and gets
her on top oh yes we should get these
kind of games on play what page it's
well it's redder on the camera not
really that red well it's kind of he's
almost as tall as you
not the hair oh wait yes you might only
be like half an inch short look look I'm
like five six forever and ever
these are going in the pizzas are almost
ready and y'all I know they want to see
it right okay
okay I'm so proud of myself I'm so proud
of myself I'm totally channeling my
inner 7th grader
I hung those Oh was that amazing yeah
are you making fun of my laughs just
checking
is he asleep oh yes I'm used to I was
not laughing at Shane trying to sweet up
she's not so bad you want to hang
breakup is that the magazine that pages
magazine that you're bending what she's
taking it home
oh I'm thinking Valerius is that
embarrassing that you guys are on the
wall over there are you embarrassed
they're not they don't see you because
it says it right there I do when you
don't have a pizza cutter
Hayden wasn't know why you're not using
a knife because the knife is very hard
to do you can't do it wait try it come
here you get your kitchen scissors and
you cut you're not from Texas oh my god
everything everything Hayden says well
I'm from Texas
but the reefs lie down and you're not
dumb doesn't that look so good you guys
I think everybody should go get a Tiger
Beat Magazine and hang it up just like
that and take well you don't do it just
like that but you'll need to tag them in
there in your picture and so I can see
them
what's a good hash tag Oh Bert oh thank
you for telling people to what they post
the pictures I think it should be
hashtag Annie and Hayden on Tiger Beat
look how excited Hayden is Hayden you're
gonna love it
you know not a sneak out I believe it
okay you ready you might cry she's so
excited he's like so excited what you
don't believe he's smiling he liked it
yeah he he was like a ninja as you wish
yeah child take your fake eyelashes off
they did a video stay tuned as you wish
those aren't stale the goldfish are
stale what do we its Nilla wafers
they'll are gonna choke right no do not
throw anything over the balcony I'm not
super shot let's see being doing the
first try I can't see anything on the
camera but that was pretty amazing okay
thank you caught it in his mouth
we did this like all day it wasn't where
was I I think you were Haley / rehearsal
no okay we're throwing your stuff
alright let's do a question of the day
that's a good one as they're throwing it
as they're throwing Nilla wafers down
Dylan what's your favorite snack yeah
totally
Haley favorite snack don't break when
they hit the ground
yeah Dylan's that ice cream - Andy we
all know Haley I mean we'd all know Inez
huh Doritos hey it in but their favorite
snack outlet wanna see touch a Herot
snack
why is that question of the day yeah
Oreos Oreos Oreos okay guys thanks for
watching comment down below your
favorite snack
Oreos we decided to play Pie Face with
Nutella so we're having a fun Oh bonus
footage because hey we're having hanging
out with friends is the most fun right I
did you mcgill enough is hiding behind
my says you hanging out in a house full
of girls now you know how Billy just
trying to get away from them did she
just fall dang it oh alright guys we
just wanted to update you and now I'm
gonna transfer footage so that this can
be edited what what are you doing hiding
from who who are you overwhelmed by
girls work I charge
huh all right guys see you tomorrow
we're really leaving this time to
celebrate babe I
thanks for watching
Vitaliy
