time for what Amy hey guys so um well
today I'm really really really excited
because we have a scrimmage today and
well both of my two other tournaments
that always have the last week and the
week before got cancelled because of
rain and snow
but finally I think we're gonna have a
scrimmage today and if you don't know
scrimmages it's just kind of like a
practice game I guess if you call it and
um
well it's gonna be cold but I don't
think it's going to rain or snow or
anything so that's gonna be good and
well it's coming up shortly and um like
we're leaving here probably in I'd say
not one half yeah and um well I've got
it
let's still get all my stuff and put it
on the couch and um well I guess we'll
see you guys later see then I'm going to
announcements and it is picture day
thing we are going to bed as well
laughter
I was thinking and made fun why
Oh
yeah so that what we're doing and we're
gonna pick up baby of course three times
ah
so anyways the reason I said three times
is because every time I turn on the
camera long there Haley would say
something and I would turn it off and go
really really like mommy so yeah I see
what you're talk take take four okay you
ready
so I just got done with two massive and
it's baseball season we're going to use
baseball scrimmage I'm eating a
lunchable but we Bo get a real um dinner
after baseball I know I just said I was
having a lunchable but it's a dinner of
all all no wait a lunch or dinner lunch
and dinner what is um lunar litter or or
Dutch
so yeah and right now I'm having the
pizza one yummy yeah hey it's mighty
cold live a mile slight right turn then
right turn
yeah is eating in one tip all right so
let me eat this cuz I'm hungry
if we rap out Edmonds fallen hero
stitching and it's Andy's favorite thing
to do when her brother come here like
not she loves a watching pitch coffee
dad I don't want kids like that have
warm pants warm pajama pants straight
from the gym puppies it's baseball for
the boy or girl oh yeah cos got a pink
collar good call trying to get a few
things out okay kind of its scrimmage
and this team's our age so we don't want
to pitch to him so we're pitching to our
team and our teens catching but there's
teams in the field but makes ugly see
they're younger yeah they're 11 you in
Caleb's 12 years just a scrimmage so we
can get on the field and play
you look sure oh they're younger
gosh oh the nice hit it's a bummer cause
Caleb's pitching to him but it's our
team that hit so it kind of like
bittersweet mmm look at the snazzy new
shoes I haven't seen yet come on camera
focus on those shoes Oh No Deal come on
come on focus
I'll be feelin I was trying to look at
your shoes boy yeah you got new shoes
you want to see them I haven't seen him
yet
safety doodles so fill me Oh me like oh
my dog's anyways be rats I'm taking you
over the canavero oh we're at stolen ik
and we haven't even been here in a long
time and we're waiting for a food right
now in Haley's Haley film it okay watch
this epic fail I am gonna it's on an
epic wheel it's Ashley a awesomeness
okay I will not harm and awesomest fail
no justice I will not follow this I'll
get my book doing till night though
really
oh my way brother filming hell you've
asked him tip anyone you want
I don't normally tip it Sonic that
should be a good question mom tips
because she thinks it's expected I don't
normally tip it well I got up I go
through the driver know and I think that
daddy's rule too maybe I've been doing
it wrong I'm sorry all those sonic
people that's brought me their food but
I haven't tips you so the question of
the day is do you tip at Sonic no what's
expected what operatic instead of saying
yes or no we're gonna have secret on the
oh we're getting difficult here taking
it hard on your gun off your friends
don't watch and ask you if what's the
question of the day you have to say oh
no you have to watch it so if you if
it's yes then it but me enough lots of
bananas and then if it's you know than
it is not okay not my man so people who
aren't watching the video and they're
just like reading the comments they're
gonna be like what a banana no I'm not
like bananas banana oh oh yes I'm sure
are berry it's for no okay they're yours
if it you tip it sonic strawberry for
know so you don't took note I've got it
wait hold on but I don't normally top it
Sonic huh okay so for yes it's yak sure
no it's
so no more bananas and strawberries yak
is yes and no is is enough binoculars Oh
fine let's go with banana and straw no I
like binoculars and yeah yeah binoculars
oh man yeah that's gonna be fun okay so
that's it this official let's find out
if daddy atomic hi oh hello this alright
do love that they put marinara sauce
marinara turn awesome
I have a question for you - we're having
a discussion about shipping and not
because most people tip here we're
tipping so don't that don't don't worry
we do have it we're just having anime
usually 60% do tip okay cool
Salva thank you
yeah straw all right so it's official
60% people tip it watch Sonic
could you guys can still tell us a few
tip is exhale hey alright pass the food
out right exhale she's gonna flip over
in the backseat hey guys um well damn
game I had a game and well it was just a
scrimmage so you couldn't really tell
who won who lost but um well words
talkity talkity talk and stuff Jay I
don't think we have a question of the
day we might I don't know mmm
I guess we have one anyways okay so what
is your favorite ah like I guess um
drink like coke coke water coke lemonade
lemonade
coke or lemonade no I'm kidding we just
what's your famous favorite not penis no
one um what is your favorite beverage I
guess so
then probably have to be lemonade
definitely not go so um calm down hallo
kazoo another version today is where's
your favorite beverage guys tomorrow
potato baked potato
thanks for watching
Britt Ailey
