yeah hi for Mike Amy so today me and mom
had a quiz show I guess and so we both
have wrote down some answers in one of
my quizzes that I had today so I guess
we're going to take a look
put what quiz of it ah my clan will have
it oh history of the world history of
the world okay so who knows more about
the world hey I know all of it so this
is MA these are moms answers
these are Caleb's answers and there's
the key to your answers match okay so if
you guys did the t34 you're right okay
this is the teacher key that goes for
the teacher
uh-uh
and then number 5 she said what's the
question he could
why did Henry the 8th want to divorce
Katherine but it says here Henry wanted
a meal here and one of the male heir had
a daughter named Mary okay but mom right
so yours was a closer answer I don't
know it's up to you oh well what's it
because he wanted a male heir well mums
doesn't really answer that he wanted a
male heir just wanted that you said that
he wanted to marry somebody else and you
wrote what because of their daughter
Mary I don't know if either of those
jellyfish so I mean your clothes Caleb
you're on the right track he wanted a
daughter anyway he wanted the male
wanted so well then I give you half
credit for that because okay you just
didn't explain it well enough I think
you knew the answer but you need to
specify that he wanted a son and he had
a daughter okay so next one which
probably was the easiest one to test
okay because
what name did Queen Mary acquire fur
persecutions of participants ooh
Flanigan's not of Stamatis ins i do not
thank you okay so you knew that mom yes
I'm quite impressed because I didn't
know that take a bow take a bow
no I did not know that next with Wow I
beat mom here yeah I know that is um at
all I put the question of the Scottish
Reformation I said John Knox and she
said babbly bubbly Rob Roy what else
probably some baseball player from the
thirteenth century anyway
we both got wrong and what did philip ii
sinned against English and okay then we
yet again what did philip ii sinned
against he went to subdue it for castle
and he did I can't read all of them I
know I just can't read today okay I said
Mary Stewart but the actual answer is
the invincible Armada and I did not
answer all right
she did not answer so they both got that
wrong huh it just mark that wrong
sadness other one that's pretty easy who
is perhaps the greatest English writer
in world collapse and Magnolia Trust
let's see if my mouth knows it did you
know that love Shakespeare died on his
birthday no I did not know that
boom well you know what I'm quite
impressed with mom I have to say hey I'm
proud of you you have been studying
clearly but mom hadn't studied any of
this a long long time this was actually
close I mean that was yeah the reason I
could give you higher credit than he did
marry will give her half credit for that
one too who finally gave Henry d8 the
Sun I think it may have been Jane
Seymour but I didn't say they just said
that here it's somebody else after and
ended that didn't Capra bear gone then
ambolyn then Jane Seymour then married
another Katherine from somewhere oh uh
Eragon no that was the Earth Day I'm
trying to get this right
stop mum calm down
geez mom calm down don't panic this is
madness
so we are grown here on things
dinner what's up potatoes and green I'm
gonna show you something okay go
No
like a do not care my hand we walk alone
yeah she's still in the vegetable aisle
and we laughter we forgot the vegetable
the loudest Paki ever so loud you can't
call it a buggy or a cart
oh my god whoops we got a diamond right
some another bunny a bogey bogey man
listen to this car hope I just called a
car
yeah these are CV and having those about
that oh he's in them
filming
I didn't like love
ha ha like don't do that wasn't
do this like we're gonna go this way
ready
did it it's creepy it's so what what do
you see oh we gotta get Caleb some
waffle you know he is completely out of
waffle welcome to work girl Wow classic
all right let's go get the roast beef
No yeah I think I just realized I say
both yeah
I say buggy more often every walk funky
of course she gets down as soon as I
turn the camera on when he was gonna
drive the car
come on can you sit you sit your big
booty in nearly it's dead but you can
pretend fiber want in on this action -
win it in the liner thank you my car
kick you Alan yeah driving it is a
beautiful day out yeah we've clean up
the backyard a little bit picked up the
dogs trash nice catch
well thanks for saying nice catch to me
please good daddy
honey where you going
okay it in yeah it won't work for a
little while but we could plug it in it
will work tomorrow
look we lost a windchill someone get
into a wreck oh yeah there it is
headlight somebody got into a wreck and
the windshields inside Whitney Whitney
don't you want it think hey the question
of the day is high-low high-low is where
you take your favorite part of the day
and your least part of the day and you
tell your whole family so let's go first
I love Caleb I feel bad that you're
sitting way over there longer you I am
oh go for it Matt hi is that we we did
fun huh but you're like I got paper to
shoot yep only fair way to do this two
or three years two out of three ah just
born just was easier that way one more
fair to do two out of three Rock Paper
Scissors shoot
oh he got me good so my high today is
that I finally got my xbox 260 plugged
in and now it's off to Milo Milo is a
way to clean the whole backyard while
Annie was at gymnastics probably say
thank you yeah welcome okay hey is
fondue Annie my eyes that I'm Dennis I
just did my state leave I'm done
Milo is that you didn't outside the cell
and clean the backyard and we did have
fun too but we cleaned the backyard
examinees you want to know what we had
to clean up we threw around my dog mess
successful dinner under our belts and in
our tummies hatching by a guy fell me
and Haley makeup you guys are doing
makeup
that's nice yeah got a hot date all
right I'm a hybrid you're hot babe
that's my my ways you're hot baby
hey so right now I already did mine my
stuff I'm about to do Haley and pop it
looks like here's kind of walks I just
got done with two men and that's so
right now I'm getting room blonde
Bailey's and pop Hey so here's before
come here Hey look at me well come here
well can you stand right against this
wall
they just know this here's before here
is the after clothes dress if you wanted
that blue color and she has red lipstick
so Haley right here
punch punch now they're going to make
the restaurant inna up another head
sting this foot okay so let me try that
so here here punch much up you then what
I'll go into this foot let's try that
the whole thing
you
Oh
you
you
you've never done it at home got all
your adrenaline going
alright okay got all her gentlemen I
just spotted her on a few and she did
really well you got this yeah at home
finally done with you all songs yeah we
were too worried to do it at home while
she was in season let's go watch off our
daddies Thursday so you saw don't know
me really please don't I'm not one
time I made the mistake of throw it or
up to the ceiling and I can't ever live
that down I'm apparently I do what you
where'd it go nice Annie that's awesome
did that who I know see it turn around
and I'm muscles really see the muscles
rip flex your arms mix hey turn around
and Lex them and we pulled her hair as
we can really see flex it makes her
nervous I mean it makes for shy she's
embarrassed hey what do what standing
back tuck now you have to do it again
give Haley didn't see it you saw my
first what your drawings not knowing now
I need to go one-handed spot not me okay
find anything he's stealing my job
all right make sure all your
Adrenaline's still pumping this is it
though I don't want her to do too many
to get here then you don't make it
nothing better get that run take baby
thanks for watching
Britt Ailey
