time for what alrighty so people want to
know do you get nervous before meet or
is it just another day at the gym okay
to get nervous before each of it or just
generally nervous it to me oh I'm not
nervous on floor involved but sometimes
it can be really nervous I'm painting
boys hmm what are you you know you
having fun drawn withing it's not an
answer
were you running are you going to the
meet today yeah
the Audion are you going to the meet
today
no we're done are you going to the lead
so tasty it would taste so good if you
use letter with you right now we are all
getting just to go to shop with mama and
then yeah go to my state meet and I am
nervous / excited and I can't believe
that my season it's over because I can
still remember the first to meet hmm
remember your scores hold on
I know it was wasn't it the one that
wasn't my ankle was it yeah it was my
ankle
yeah you're just cotton pasture England
I know 500 on floor okay that would be
right mm well in 87 I think you might be
right
I don't know be 9 1 maybe bars 8 9
nope those myself no I didn't fall
involved you have to 8th 7th maybe maybe
on bars hang on 8 you come a long way
now it's your last meet of the season
and I get
ah at od6
a 33rd yeah Teddy said that's your goal
or that's what you want what do you want
I want I said for perfect is here that
judges isn't well anybody lend to Floyd
alright everybody wants to be perfect
what if that's ever happened
I think anybody has ever gotten for
perfect tense music searched on internet
or you guys can comment down below I
doubt that anybody's ever gotten at one
meet hey I'm telling you let's go look
it up there is someone that's gotten for
it it looks like it looks like Carrie
Carrie
litchi she was at a college gymnast
that's like within NCAA gymnastics true
perfection has only been achieved once
entire February 23rd 1996
that's George a freshman karen lychee or
Lachey scored the elusive perfect 40
that is so cool hello hello we're going
shopping
all right kids corner yeah pay the toll
you have to pay the toll
how much is a toll oh it kid no no I'll
one you like just know what guys you're
up here for everything now you better
kiss your daddy look that bears waving
at me and giggling
hey Annie Annie Annie put the Bears back
neatly these aren't really Poe these are
puppets up here really here the police
is here oh my get me her this one yeah I
will eat your nose to get you down okay
I'll eat your arms you down come to me
oh yes supposed to flash my I'm the
police teeth you will be arrested so I
just figured out your meat air this
would be perfect do you think I can
stretch your hair isn't right I totally
think is an automatic deduction for that
ah whatever I'm pulling her hair but her
doesn't touch my hey Terry
that's the rule in gymnastics I don't
know if it's your coach's rule or a real
gymnastics rule but the hair can't touch
your eyes or the floor look who showed
up at our lunch she came bearing gifts
dear Billy I don't think it says that at
all
good luck and I know you will be awesome
don't worry about your scores try your
best to have fun yeah she got a haircut
I mean really enjoyable Yoshi
I know yeah Piper loves moon oh that was
so sweet
a good diet
second on beam PS you stuck your beam
Lascaux nice job and your ball one of
your model that was awesome
thank you mom and now word
are you allowed to be on YouTube no idea
you - no oh yeah okay yeah all right do
a real quick
bye what's your favorite day of the year
no I don't want to be you know for you
yeah yeah I'm man to a spring weight
laundry - I don't know what are we doing
I mean any nothin
how's your favorite he's in he's at sea
than that remember hey summer fall
seriously summer winter it's right now
so it's hot when painting we don't have
it that's more like if I can turn that
winter winter no are you gonna sad your
season's over
no that was a level seven again happier
because I'm not getting nothing for
music so you do it is yeah what all
right well you girls have fun your mom's
crazy I just want you to know that
having a sleepover by harvest and have a
fun time yes I will
this is what we came home to Piper's
barking at the balloon what's wrong I
was hyper come Guinness if she breaks it
she breaks it's only 12:30 at night look
at this
daddy did what a good job talking her in
yeah okay it's a balloon I was just
teasing you
hey seon-ah
Beibei thanks for watching
Britt Ailey
