time for what Amy
today I'm retailing today we are getting
cable internet Jana - straining - true
story bro that's it Olivia that the
whole time huh yep so at the new house
and we're giving mom a tour while we get
cable and internet hooked up right cable
you're gonna have Disney Channel huh I
love cable TV if you don't know it cable
and internet more importantly so we can
upload bratayley videos live from the
new house this is the web room oh the
sign not a sewing room I don't so we
film we don't so okay
we're going home in here we think for
like bkb's or shoutout videos but it's a
little tiny room without a closet - you
could do all kinds of stuff with this
one this is just Fame above our Caleb
brown look-alike never - this is Caleb
moon
ah angrily okay
and I have them very nice so look you
have a little vanity there Anson I
didn't kill a cop yes you offer you
think so
yeah yeah but masking lunch press it and
I told him land backup I say that office
so you've got action to talk yeah that's
pretty cool um open this joke and then
put it right there and then it's gonna
be it like just yeah like we're hearing
about and possibly make them open taking
these down and making the door here so
then you have this is closet and
bathroom because it's pretty much what
it is anyway
well yeah it is in that way that old
thing that she's got these cool drawers
in here but they don't open up all the
way yeah the nice closet that's what
we're thinking right
that is how do you get into these well I
mean you can get into them and they're
just awkward
yeah it is now that's a good idea I know
we're full of really good idea what
Isaac I can this get it Samson and
Hayley's clothes Oh what's next on the
door
Hayley I don't think we've shown this
room this is like the storage room it's
the lights were higher we could put a
beam in a bar in here
okay you want to beam in a bar no okay
stick it up here okay you can be the
store like the Christmas decorations
you'll be a statue up there on top not
one up one more you stare like a statue
let they let things why would they leave
this more free decorations welcome all
right so you're going to stand at the
front door and hold that sign for ever
you're gonna be my decoration for the
front door you gonna do it okay you
stand there for the whole time okay with
the front door and you stand there yes
you greet all of our visitors thank you
I know exactly which way to go a pantry
pantries okay I don't know if there's a
thing to hang it with is handles broken
snack time or stuff yeah we've got some
storage under there Haley have a little
snack this unique little wd-40 oh yeah
oh that's not even a squeak with wd-40
do that it's like a rip didn't notice
that how dare they sell me a broken
house he refund this one do it that one
no no that one does that's bizarre that
one
what is this Amanda all the acro girls
made signs for us because we have stated
on a sweet good luck move Oh Madison aka
mu that is sweet
fine auntie there it is good luck Annie
who else to be seen good luck Lim good
luck Isabella so tonight we are gonna
take mom out to Jeff we couldn't decide
on what we're going to eat so I'm gonna
um write it down and putting the bowl
and I'm gonna pick it up everybody gets
one vote okay
let's see what a ahni's vote uh my vote
is five guys an inch bullet five guys
slash poll yeah hi Caleb I haven't seen
you much today swag up an epic game
what's your vote huh
alright it he gets two right you'll see
way James two bigs
well it's five guy flash to poll way
some people are gonna eat Chipotle's I'm
with you because they're next to each
other so you can have a choice if
Annie's win guys I really attractive
face you just made all the girls will
love that baby huh that's right house no
we're not going there so it's too far
away it's really not that far away I'm
only using tech the phone Haley vote
with Taco Bell yeah what if that one
wins hey she said Tom yeah mums like
throwing up in her mouth right now
what's your vote daddies this is sad
doctor my wait shouldn't we just be
letting mom pitch because she's the
guest Hayley instead of picking a place
can I just one line a place let me get
rid of it no I don't pick a place okay
my vote is to not go there
he sounds so angry but he was just
joking that was his joking voice it was
not all right mums vote is out back oh
you're like ow bad we're gonna tear
these off yeah is your vote how about
you
I'll tell you what it'll probably be
Taco Bell
please don't we talk about Hannah -
Annie I'll never know we'll never tell
her no she don't you guys tell him I
need to take this okay you why'd we even
put it in there
wait I'm gonna be so mad if she watches
this video TGI Fridays okay no let's go
tell him don't tell him we should do
Taco Bell she did it everybody gets to
vote em Monday she just came in be quiet
don't let me pick your thing and then no
one wants it now yeah we we mom picked
it now no one wants it was that for me
and Caleb good must know right well now
will it here Haley you look back you can
yeah that's a great idea that'll make up
now looking down looking put your hands
in there what if a all back mom get
their book Detroit huh your friends are
waiting Caleb ah
that creepy dude in the window
God doesn't look doesn't look creepy at
all
let's give a Girl Scout
I love Girl Scout cookies if he sells
Girl Scout cookies I will buy them how
much how much our girls got eight
dollars No No Deal no hundred dollars
hey um so my parents and my grandma we
all just got back from UM the the
outback and well how about to film a
Minecraft video because that's what I do
when I get home and um well I just like
that let's think vegetable okay like the
question that a vegetable what is your
favorite kind of vegetable okay so your
turn
Carnaval o+ l way for you I'll wait
right here in my chair waiting yes
I'm just waiting just still waiting come
on hurry up I don't have all day
absolutely okay bad good good good good
okay so my turn
um I've got to say probably a tomato I
would also say that little bit of fruit
because you kind of both so anyways
comfortable Oaks Munoz today is what's
your favorite vegetable see you guys
later
she is Mauro ba hey guys what's up
so I am of course filming and the
question of the day is what's your
favorite vegetable and I would take
green beans
cuz that's the only vegetable none it's
nice nice
come on time eat a carrot it was
actually not too bad but it wasn't good
hi hey now it's time for my answer for
the question of the day so it is what's
your favorite vegetable and mine I don't
have a favorite
I've looked three no I like four no yes
for it
I like asparagus broccoli snap peas and
uncooked green beans yeah that's really
all the vegetables I really like and
right now I'm drawing a rainbow and yeah
don't forget to come down loves me
another question today yeah I'm mmm
gosh here we say mommy all the time
anyways the question the day is what is
your favorite vegetable high-seas
tomorrow baked potato baby
thanks for watching
Britt Ailey
