hi for my unique and fresh and the bath
and my cooking much should we model your
outfit of the day
okay what is Haley wearing today some
brown boots some Jean jeggings they're
not filled jeans they're 15 you're
really oh boy yeah a brown cami a pink
shirt that we got for playlist right and
wet hair and the curls are back
Oh hooray for the curls late what all
right well he's gone
I'll show what's for lunch we got
chicken tenders and mac and cheese going
kaleb's a favorite I think he would eat
this every day if I'd let him oh and
made some memory that's right and best
friend who's got the other side of this
Annie BFF I'm going to eat with the
other one okay whatever put that on your
first well you hold up camera I never
hold you before housing like a lot of
times but it's not this heavy
we need to brush those curls oh you like
to the heavy the heavy today yeah you
know who's coming today who are we gonna
pick up from the airport later today
hello yay we just got rid of the old
other mangy houseguest now we got
another one coming oh gosh are we a
hotel or something yeah I'm real oh oh
my gosh
this isn't motel 6 is not me coming next
maybe we should call her and see yeah
yeah wait come on in like take your
shoes off and relax
oops we're busted well you're my dad I'm
Haley my brain feels really empty do you
think do you even get that yeah what's
that mean thinking everything it is
Lauren whoo
we are trying to get well I am trying to
get this room you know Haley don't throw
those we're trying to get this room
ready for Mom I am and I have a lot of
distractions mm-hmm
raise your hand if you believe them
Harvey get off the bed so I can put the
clean sheets on get off the bed so I
could put the clean sheets on let's go
mess up her hair
let's just go to bed there's a video
that my friend muffle oh but take it
tall yeah um Joel Andy
snappin yeah it's really cool because
you get um he cheating he was like
ladders and numbers yeah so you made it
really easy right to draw a knee and
while Hayley Haley's gonna use the egg
Oh Haley lost out he's gonna use his new
app to draw because she felt she was a
little bored and I was like okay let's
do some art I'll put the link to Annie's
where he draws a knee down below but we
also wanted to see if she could draw
some of these right thanks yeah it's
right there my flow potato
go ahead he's gonna teach to draw
the pattern piece of paper to canopy
paper now you can learn to draw those
animals which one you want to try start
with your neighbor and your device
facing this way alright so yours is the
right way right draw a big lazy letter S
can you do it just like he did alright
was pretty good s now what oh yeah so
they might fight now a C the letter C
now swipe now draw two small seeds so
two small fees mommy tongue so you can
color them green so that's not bad for
Hailey's first try looks good nothin can
L show Winnie okay here we go honey
okay ready everyone
Oh what's up say Haley that girl Winnie
how our mother is doing a um hippo hippo
oh this is like nerve-wracking he me I
got to touch it here in here only
800,000 people are watching you mmm just
don't be nervous
don't mess up did you know when I line
this houseboat a thin capital P Oh like
skinny skinny money doing yelling
efforts are you doing look at it looks
like it's a cold that I should be an
artist you know yeah put the D the wrong
way you did uh which D good face no yes
no it's a D right there to D right there
this one you get a D oh yeah it did come
off a little wrong I super same nice
yeah limit because yeah oh my god
we did so good our alligator our
alligator in our hippo thank you you're
welcome
grammar
I got my L
we're here and mom has landed
and here we go you ready oh my goodness
look hey Loretta
mom and I have the same bag great minds
think alike I love my banner mine's a
prettier color just saying yeah July but
I needed a black one just fitting I like
black to really have both of and see
whose is heavier whose purse is heavier
why they good mom I have your melon
melon we emaki know no fixin rigatoni
right and Tony Rony Jenga yes
all right what so what do you do you
just drop I'll sign yeah stir it stir it
around we figure we cook all homemade
Italian dinner for mom while she was
here right nanny's doing a little dance
behind hey get all the stuff button over
here in this corner only how would I
help ya your hands helping yes you can
we have another pot you can do if you
wash your hands you can fix the other
one me all right now I need a layer of
mozzarella cheese yeah you know what
when the mozzarella yep more mozzarella
and cheddar and you're gonna do the one
with pepperoni right okay yeah I am yeah
your hands are clean right yes you dug
out any boogers lately yeah all right
and we're good to go the dogs lick your
hands yeah all right don't let that fall
cuz I can just see that
more okay I'm just gonna go get a layer
of noodles there okay layered
we got a whole bunch of noodles here and
some blood bubbles water bottles falling
okay
wait make sure it's not dripping so just
take it out with your hands a whole
bunch right I gotta go I'm gonna go on
sit down on the couch while you guys do
this in drink a soda ha ha
she didn't catch it I said drink a soda
I'm gonna drink a soda why I was seeing
if you're gonna catch me on say you
can't drink a soda when you can but nope
she don't wrestle yeah mom I'm on the no
soda challenge me too
yes I've got you some caffeine free diet
coke at the store today oh I'm on my -
bring this out take your hand very - big
o casseroles I know we're gonna be
eating for the next few days so good
it's good for leftovers - which I'm not
a big leftover fan here but I do love
some leftover rigatoni okay now you want
to put ice all right so now sauce so
then it's another we're gonna layer here
now we're do another layer of noodles
sauce and cheese and Hayley's working on
her last layer of pepperoni and now
Annie wants to draw right yeah so I'm
drawing myself because muffle Oh potato
taught me how to draw myself and we want
to see you guys draw me like your
version so use the hashtag cartoon 'i'm
doodles so I can see your pictures so if
you want to know how to draw me buffalo
potato style
then all the link down below to the
video I look like they look like you
with glasses with your bkv glasses
alright so anyways I'm going to start to
color it alta free shirt stop off and
while we're doing this I thought up a
question of the day wanna know wanna
know wanna know ha ha ha ha ha what's
your favorite thing to cook with your
family but there's more if you've never
cooked anything with your family what
would you want to cook with your family
cupcakes cupcakes
how do I know you'd say that Christmas
cookie Christmas cookie okay aunt
Halloween things in skis in general all
right we won't say goodbye yet because
Annie wants to show you her final result
of her picture so I am done and here is
good it looks like it looks just like
you have you had your glasses on so yeah
don't forget thumb down below you know
question today is what do you like
working with your family and AC you
haven't got raising to it family what
would you like to cook well done by
tomorrow
5 ah
I bake bake bake bake thanks for
watching Britt Ailey
