today we're calling today a meeting for
you to try on its weight was at the
meeting - excuse me mr. back here we
need to walk real quick
good morning page she's the best she's
cleaned all morning she's been up since
7:00 and she's cleaned the house good
morning Haley she's about to get ready
and start school
good morning Annie she's about to finish
her breakfast and go to dance rehearsals
right
okay so Paige and Annie are going to
dance rehearsals Haley and I are staying
here and doing school because she didn't
get anything done yesterday cuz she had
such a long day so then we're all
meeting back here for lunch and then we
have a meeting to go to and you know me
I'm sorry that we have to be so
secretive for the next couple weeks but
there's some stuff that we're not
allowed to say so stay tuned because
we're working on some big and exciting
things as you guys are gonna love and
we'll tell you when we can but that's
the plan of the day and stay tuned
because you're gonna see some familiar
faces I'm sure done tada
Haley it's time for breakfast and I
think she can probably do some science
or social studies while she sits there
she looks like she's excited about that
option these two are ready to walk out
the door looking Dancy you ready to get
your dance on Paige she's always ready
to get her dance up they have to walk
out the door in two minutes
it was supposed to be three times a day
and she's lucky if she remembers to do
it once but she did just remember on her
own
how long has it been we got him on her
birthday right no I meant like how long
you've had him in bus today the 12
little me today's dessert today's
already the 13th December 13 let's not
talk about it she's gonna brush it in
the car y'all do you have a rubber band
okay okay let's see if she started her
school what do you guys think
whoa Wow she is on the weekly agenda
that's good so hard to remember what we
cheese on but Annie's is a little better
about telling us this one doesn't we
kind of have to look hopeful you have a
brush in your bag yeah cuz you're gonna
look silly have fun I'll see you in a
couple hours
bye okay bye guys finally some peace and
quiet around here
Oh Haley actually it's gonna be peace
and quiet cuz Haley's got a lot to do as
soon as she figures out where she is
like I could do five of these weeks
we'll do it really yeah get caught up on
her go ahead and social studies so she's
not doing math today right now or no you
could work on social studies only five
or six how many as many as you want to
do till you get tired of it hmm okay so
she's not doing math or language right
now because I told her she could choose
between science and social studies
because math is a test and I want to
make sure she's clicking the right
button cuz remember if you guys remember
the first test she took on this
curriculum she was getting the right
answers but clicking the wrong button
and then language she's writing a paper
that she doesn't know exactly how to
submit it so I gotta be there for the
and I'm gonna jump in the shower while
she's doing that okay is that boring was
that vlog worthy I don't know who knows
nowadays I'm gonna stop talking
like two facts about crackling Frank
okay hit me
did you know that is actually not
captain captain I think this is correct
had two strokes but he has three and
then this one one of the things just had
the colors and it's called Captain
Crunch
that wasn't really of that that was just
something that is a fact if that's yeah
as a fact that's not one of those like
blow your mind facts just a fact I did
not know that Haley thank you for being
so knowledgeable about cereal
stay tuned for Haley next week on
mind-blowing facts
honey we're doing anymore okay and a
huge
thing up there and you know guess where
we found out Alfonzo tonight see this
I'm doing are apparently like things
today and he decided to do this he wore
this coffee like so it's not hot on your
hands as a skirt the only thing pretty
teens in here it's probably like all of
these shirts because they just got out
of that the laundry machine Christian
the lawn mowers back here the whole time
and water my own brown sugar was here
too I got no one brown sugar is the
things didn't gave in oh my goodness we
are well on our way almost done with
this math test I was gonna call it a
quiz but is not it's a 25 problem math
exam look at this this is her question
number 21 we've got 26 questions and
we're done was math her I think we're
done with school by that time done was
math for the day oh you were gonna do
some multiplication
speed speed drills couldn't thing what
they were called yes almost done Annie
and Paige should be back in a minute
and lunch will happen it's noon now
they should be on their way back right
now so they should be home within the
next I don't know 20 minutes we're gonna
have some lunch and that's it
continue with the rest of our we have an
afternoon meeting like we said and then
who knows what's gonna happen
then our day can really start not kid
not really her day already started we're
well into our school day and Annie's
well into her she's getting a lot of PE
in this week we need to get your PE
because I have to write that down home
schoolers guys in case you didn't know
they still have to do PE like you guys
that go to school you do PE at school
well people that are home-schooled they
still have to do PE and we have to write
it and I haven't written it down in a
while I need to sit down and remember
what they've done all week I should do
it as I go but anyways so we've been
charting that and we have to send that
in to their school so that we don't go
to jail I don't want to go to jail I
want to follow all the rules and stay
out of jail
peekaboo
alright that was your update Hailey's
got to do six more problems so that she
can eat some lunch but no I think you
can make it till they get home I think
they're bringing near some lunch you can
eat a snack I'll make that deal you
could do a snack and finish those six
problems okay I'm gonna do the six
problems then a snack I'm so confused
you guys as confused as I am well
Hayley's ready to rock she's done with
school she only missed one problem on
her math oh yeah on my Mac yes division
all about there is a question like that
and then Annie is sitting in her bed
doing school not asleep are you want to
be how's it going up but no okay we're
getting out Annie we're gonna leave you
finish school don't sleep okay cuz we
have to just to get ready to leave in
about 15 minutes she has just been home
for a little over an hour
so she's doing school in that time and
she'll do school more school tonight ha
ha okay let's model it model that outfit
of the day
turtleneck yes it needs to be ironed but
we're gonna let Haley's slide on that
yeah they're both from Zara I'm almost
positive like I don't know yes our
Marshalls oh let the camera focus Mecca
Hayley styled she did her own waiting
for this to talk oh my boots my good
friend sue not me I don't know where the
boots are from oh in my hair ties are
from Target probably and you did your
hair by yourself yes yes I love the
outfit okay are you going to go with
that other half the round one brown I
said brown hey last thing though have
you brushed your teeth today
no she hasn't and quick cover yourself
up and we come in here do your
schoolwork but you like the brown the
other one better with the outfit yeah I
think the black and white one what goes
better all right we're ready to rock
well you're ready to rock
Annie is he not Paige is working over
there
he's like checking emails I know look at
those leggings fancy scandi what Paige
revolve where's your shirt from Goodwill
and a little good look at you that's
true no one girl find it on her outfits
of the day it's kind of hard to find
when she's like goodwill goodwill agent
but I can tell people they can go find
cool stylist outfit at Goodwill yep try
it I challenge you to try it that is
cute I was a birthday present
okay so I'm not sure if I want to take
my hair down I think I do it looks like
a really messy
looks like super mess
and I wore it like this like yesterday
no I recorded in it too
as you can tell they want me to keep it
up hey whoa we're just so dirty that
when you take it down
or I can redo
and if that is teenage fatal result of
the useful
just take that piece down pull it then
just put on and on about how my hair's
too dirty and messy just like thought it
was I know it's like a celebrity look
look she's got her head down with her
kids Bri fur hat silver no I don't know
I like down here but I don't like but I
don't like up here and you just do what
you want we make it yeah when you're
wrong you're not afraid I can redo it
but don't take it down cause if you take
it out then it's way harder to redo
let me just redo it without saying
if you didn't tune into yesterday's we
left them in the car last night I didn't
even get look at
um excuse me I'm filming under sorry I'm
in a car so I can't talk long let me
talk for you for like five hours I do
something I was dying crying laughing
okay I guess we'll talk to you later
oh there the lighting thing I'm just
gonna show that you're calling a meeting
for you to try on its weight was at the
meeting 200 little sneak peek of Hayley
oh yeah there's stuff in there if you
want to see it I'll take a sneak peek
now you pointed it out Shane it's okay
you can have little hints did you decide
if you want to go even though we do we
just figure out the plan we'll go eat
with you then she goes home and does
more school so me I mean goodbye make
her do school and then she wakes up and
does some more school that's to a floor
torture
dance rehearsal my sister really really
I mean I can't even
oh wait yeah you're so pretty my kids on
me making him feel she's been that
hundred so Bank don't block that all
right is that a plan that's a plan are
you moving in Brook hey rubbish they
missed you oh this is like an ab workout
are you like my kids are you tired I'll
get the camera out of your face my kids
do it all the time watch everybody's
like pushing the camera out of their
faces so Jesse
oh thanks Annie Hayden just wanted to be
like the other kids just a model take
kaptur someone I know
her name's Paige thanks Annie thanks hey
them feet baby Johnny scum if you like
that what a fetus I mean I feel like is
it fetus meat inside the womb why don't
I remember this no see this is in when
you're in the tummy infant is when
you're born I'm gonna google it cuz I
should know this is what is feeding me
underdeveloped child ah I win that
definition Oh
but when someone calls you a fetus that
referring to you as being young and yeah
Andy's not listening to me
when you're called to fetus it's read
like just saying you're a baby okay got
something to say privately you know my
case is like that okay okay we're gonna
verify if it's bad or not Brooke and
rush have to leave us we sat in traffic
so long they're not going to be able to
eat with us
if traffic is bad around here booth
Paige yes there's a plan to go watch a
movie and Paige make us cookies we have
to be very sweet I don't know my mom er
know you'll do school if he doesn't come
over no no if you come over I will allow
her to watch the movie if you give you
can't she can do school I don't have a
question he has a question and she has a
question we're not gonna put him on the
spot well you'll see later what happened
okay sad faces actually we were cold no
Hayden we decided the parentals decided
that neither of us wanted to one smear
home go back out and get Hayden home so
we're just going home and Annie's gonna
do some school and we're gonna go to bed
and then the whole day is gonna start
over and that's your update and Paige
has been quiet tonight today why all day
you've been so quiet you're tired okay
we're gonna take you home and you can go
to sleep because we need we need hyper
Paige tomorrow
I'm ordering a hyper Paige oh it's time
for bed okay that was my filming voices
I finally heard it okay guys I'm just
kidding all right it is bedtime and
school time it's bedtime for Paige it's
school time for hey Annie Annie I can't
see your face at all
you know this light is burned out and we
haven't even had a chance to go get a
light bulb and I'm not even certain that
I can figure out to do it I'm sure I can
it's gonna probably untwist so Annie's
giving us light and it's um nail time
for Haley so it's different times of the
day for all of us and it's my turn turn
to transfer the footage can be edited
has little sticky things so smart
actually cuz all the nails that we've
bought like oh these are like perfect
for your size oh they're perfect right
so she's gonna do that what subject you
working on speaking of subject question
of the day what's your least favorite
subject in the school I'm going math
what's your least favorite subject that
you take right now okay probably like
language you know you're like I've
already got the language of English
mastered okay Paige what was your least
science tomorrow on the plan is the only
thing on the agenda is school in the
morning and dance rehearsals at night
wait till you see this dance I can't
even tell you when you're gonna see it
but oh it's good all right stay tuned
for tomorrow have a good night comment
down below what your least favorite
subject in school is least yeah not
favorite bye guys
I mean could be better but you guys look
so comfortable so I didn't want to make
you come out and do the question of the
day thanks you're welcome
all right let's let Paige get some sleep
so she can have some energy tomorrow
yeah she was not talking and Dan
good night everybody
you in the morning to celebrate thanks
for watching
Britt Ailey
