time for my daily good morning guys
Piper still not feeling well it's just a
lazy Saturday newbie nominator of that
appointment and we're just waiting for
that to come around but while we are
waiting we like to say thanks to
audible.com for supporting the bratayley
champ they have a great deal for you but
before I get to that I'm going to tell
you what audible.com is so audible.com
has a bunch of downloadable books that
you can listen to there's like 150 staff
will over 150,000 I've been listening to
insurgent and I had the book but I don't
really like reading and so I'm pretty
sure I got further already in the audio
thing and I did in the book so my mom
makes me read books for school because
that's good for you I guess I'm not a
grown-up and it's kind of good because
like sometimes you have to turn the
lights off like when you're when it's
late and you can just listen to a book
and gradually fall asleep and I
sometimes listen to them on my way to
gymnastics meets you have a special deal
wait I don't know the special deal say
it so if you want to download insurgent
for free or any other audible book go to
audible.com slash Portelli yet that was
the deal and the links in the
description
then that's audible.com slash daily
Piper still nor fee they're guessing not
sweet winning you can let's put this so
I got news about um what Piper might
have so dad not that not really honestly
don't know so we took Winnie to the vet
recently because she had her cough can
back and they just they sent off some
tests as test for it and daddy just got
a phone call and she had a mild mild
case of Bordetella even though she's
been vaccinated for it and she probably
gave it the piper
what bronchitis no we think it's
Bordetella even though they've both been
vaccinated for it apparently they can
still get it but they don't get it as
bad
so it's mild we're going to take Piper
to the vet anyway get her checked out
and on some medicine and then go see
Cinderella but you're not you're hanging
out with Daddy maybe you can if you want
but we didn't buy tickets for you so you
may not get in I didn't think you wanted
to go I didn't you're probably not gonna
be able to get into that you dog don't
let dog winning are you juggling with
her you guys share everything right like
sicknesses and food and water I mean all
good in the hood no is is see the
anything else
hmm can't believe you got my big box or
dog sick sick and you got like four sick
and I forgot he was like oh my god next
so I'm very very very happy to
Piper it has the same thing as when he
is feeling better ish um she's on and
type eight and tie by outfit I took that
like the Matilda and toy boy okay I
don't know K so that's from the play
anyways and the second reason is that we
are going to see
Cinderella and I'm very sad to see my
ambassador friends even though I see
almost every day
Yeah right now I finally brought my
phone somewhere
yeah she hardly ever has her and I'm
looking at that dress and it's so crazy
when we get back to the picture
you know this is still like a month ago
right I know every week still or
whenever this dress was still cool okay
just just
oh so if the dress looks like blue and
black to you it is actually blue and
black so good job
the truth is it's right here it's so
weird I see when I look at it the middle
one but in one of these
I saw white gold
and y'all run away to the movies hey
always with us playing with your fingers
my god what to go
she made a frog I think that's what the
hell I made a cake
oh okay hi hi it's pi day is it really
tough
let's probably freaking out that
what about if there was a jellybean day
not like the pi day I mean you could eat
pie because it's pi day but it's a math
thing
oh I like the numbers yeah 314 is PI but
it's actually 3.1415 and then I think
it's like 9 - 8 5 or something like that
so at 9:28 today people were like
freaking out that it was like the
literal beep hi the number pi at that on
that day and time i was crazy
yes jelly beans were mad
would be very here okay we're here at
some developer right and Fanny has
already met up with her friends and have
ditched us
not really she went with her friend to
go save seats because we think it's
going to be sold out are you ready
we got our popcorn very important and my
purse in my pocket are completely okay
here we go
okay here we go so how did you ladies
like it did Haley come to the whole
thing yeah yeah they had to run
it was good best part best character
it's like we're happy like it's like
we're having a picture with our fans the
goose wasn't that scary yes I like the
goose I like to young young oh yeah
perceptive huh oh yeah this trip seems
funny like a lizard wait I know you can
fly
yeah like that I would go great you won
the last part I was like oh okay cleared
after we get our hands cam pictures RS
producin handsome okay it's cold for the
dramatic crying yeah all right
like here always got a failure you're
doing is going to fit within a five then
that probably won't get you it's like a
super picture Annie yes mommy what um
favor half
yeah we're excited it was so fancy eight
or twelve ten you would need it in we
may have another back
so we're back in the new house and I'm
going to show you guys a better view of
my room because I'm start last time I
don't know how I get them all cut a
bigger that out what's this how all my
pantry my very own pantry the pantry up
in your room yep this is my own pantry
I'm special I know put up here don't
stick light is it so tell me your dreams
for this room but again which is going
to go like right here and two minutes
you didn't hear
for your desk
oh no we're just good on the windows and
your dress are gonna go and my couch
isn't your cattle to run out of room I
was cute forgot the measure 400 my rents
gonna go right here I'll say Lee's cold
Oh watch this okay and it'll show you my
mom we fire blah blah I'm not like so my
clothes are gonna go here what and my
shoes are great the doorbells ringing
and my shoes are going to overhear what
if it's the big bad boogeyman that you
just entered into our house so you got
new ones
Troy place the old low Golden's are in
here oh my goodness can you please get
this one
we're gonna keep camping them all but
not using them I don't know football
that's better suck
yes I'm gonna hit them all right first
shot with the new balls
oh ah all right victory for Calum and
dad you show us your victory dance that
you just said thank you okay give me
high five really good I went to give
them high five I really won
Bobby patty he doesn't like to lose and
I won and baked cuttle balls sitting
right here over there I get this in I
win and I literally where I don't know
why didn't get the camera help but I
didn't Milo today we are eating our
first dinner in a new house and I'm
gonna budget and we have no table no
barstools so we're really roughing it
but I do have some paper products and we
ordered some pizza
who's excited yeah you can sit on that
y'all met that song I'm so excited
I know
alright daddy got the purple cake
we have bottles of water oh yeah at
exactly 926 Y over pi day beautiful
we're celebrating pi day at the 20 we're
gonna eat before nine twenty eight or
nine twenty five six seven forty eight
all right Haley Jill I get my taste the
first bite together one yeah okay
this weird that we're filming the first
bite in the new house but now we can say
that we filmed the first bite in the new
house yeah we're going to live in Philly
eight years eight years really set a
time right now any falsely yeah
oh and Caleb did not lost like Oh
I
cheer you know you're not snack question
hi diversion today today or tonight is
because nights today good night it is
watch great restaurant check out boom
clap
Chipotle was very shiny any English very
restaurant Danny
those her I'm proficient evading joke
whoa whoa
Annie's favorite restaurant would
probably be McDonald
no that's how they say in Japan
McDonnell Duke I don't know any any
favorite restaurant would be if she were
away
she probably say chick-fil-a
makes you take you won't like no my
favorite restaurant in wrote Texas
Roadhouse uh yeah I guess it's a poor
boy this is with Taco Bell and okay I
like Buffalo Wild Wings who asked you oh
we did hungry time
that's um for you slam the brakes on I
said Chipotle my dad take a bite Caleb
ever turn hold a restaurant in the world
any restaurants food is fine for favor
so that's a winning sense when skinny
Winnie skinny Wiggly ol are Wayne up
first Atari speaking to that mom
hi I can't he was not hurt hi camera my
name is Caleb and today I'm gonna be
teaching you how to wake up a tired girl
but the bitter that he's gonna be
teaching how you punched by tired girl
you know the ingredients you need are a
tired girl very rare and up bag full of
noble work just like I expected
hey Annie did you like that episode of
power wake up a hired girl so what's
your very restaurant okay guys I just
can't see I guess we're done I guess
we're done and goodbye guy turn off all
the lights supposed to be spooky Ellie
ah baked potato
thanks for watching
Britt Ailey
