hi guys
so meet you and like mommy and on your
outside right now fix me something I
don't know
and so yeah we're doing well them are
your exciting news Hayley York sided new
home I don't know which one so I have a
pimple oh my G oh yeah I am a little too
loose to wear Louis all right Haley
mouth for you either she take a pee
mm-hmm
and so here we have a wiggler - you have
- Hayley you know how long your dad you
some like lose his teeth yeah do you
know how his dad used to get a piece of
string okay
and tie it up to a door you would get a
piece of string and tie that string up
to a door aha
and also tied up to the wiggly tooth and
close the door close the door and then
Nick you can hold it really hard open
the tooth came out same thing
jeez Hayley got a big head and fluffy
cheeks
thank you and I'm Haley has to be a dork
today huh good job doing really good job
at being a dork thanks I always am
yeah that should have been Saturday and
everything would have a good ring to
match it
we are spending our Friday with our
cousins and our Grandma and Grandpa
we're gonna spend our day there I snuck
down with gymnastics and we're on our
way
I'm really excited be quiet now mommy
get in your way
yes you are
whoa look at the time trap
okay I'm gonna distract okay anyway so
yeah we're headed there and I'm really
excited because there's good news and
bad news the bad news is that our
cousins are a little DNA
to tomorrow they're leaving on Saturday
oh yeah and the good news is is that
tomorrow we are watching Cinderella with
my friends of gymnastics like Olivia
okay and yeah all of them
so we tried so we are playing Domino's
and we just now got it took us a long
time so here's what we have so you had
this stacked up the ball right about
right here and this would hit the ball
and the ball would hit one of these and
it works but we actually tried like 15
times why are we playing the real game
of Domino's but I'm just gonna see
goodbyes they're gonna go on a plane
tomorrow just bite me bug think of ferry
to go around
why'd you buy her that's how Annie gets
out of grips she bites me really
motivates my goes again
I can text interact a what's my number
all right that's it it was fun
glad you got to come to making it sound
like it was like a day Brad you gotta
see me and it's like no big deal to you
it really is a big deal to me oh she
loved me she's gonna miss me oh oh
you're falling off oh I think I've been
fine now like and what do we have to say
thank you
I'm gonna miss them
can you hold the camera while I Drive no
one keeps I need to text American you
just saw Mary Kay you don't need a
texture texture I miss you already
yeah it's real late I just got done with
baseball and he just got home from her
grandma's dead grandfather's house you
know it's kind of bummed cuz I couldn't
go over since I'd baseball really late
and here you go but we have a pretty
little now if two six dogs your new year
too but this dogs kind of having trouble
today and as you can see and and I ain't
just look at her like look at this one
hashtag I thought she was supposed to be
sick so no let's just watch the nerdy
play he's feeling a lot better he's
acting like the right thing to do right
Winnie
she's dog she's our dishwasher mom got a
new free dishwasher she's actually
really simple
she looks so pitiful and she doesn't
feel like eating she does not feel good
at all
look at here so so that's it for two
years poor baby
Piper you sick can you go to that so
scared because when he's the one that
usually comes in my room and he will lay
next to my dresser and so I knew a dog
in my room
I didn't really feel like looking
because I'm trying to UM like make a
video for my channel um for the next day
and I look behind me because I hear that
breathing and I'm like funny are you
coughing again and I look back and it's
Piper I'm like dude what he's just
shape-shift no um and I she's breathing
like this and this just I got really
scared links if you guys remember he did
the same exact thing he came in my room
and just started laying there for around
an hour and I finally went over their
head and he just started meowing really
weirdly and when he's fighting with
herself since Piper can't fight with her
bare woody
she up she said yet mom and now it's
time to move on to the question of the
day which is what is the best class
you've ever taken what does that mean
like a school class okay well in what in
like sixth grade when I went to public
schools um there was this class that was
kind of you know based on you got to go
on computers and you know do all that
cool stuff and there was this one really
cool thing in that class like one really
cool computer awesomeness and it was a
single Sketchup and well I think I got
to God and I mean it was really cool
it's basically Minecraft and that's
that's why I thought it was so cool but
you could who was who's just no
different
anyways so mom since I have nobody else
to answer would you like to answer in
high school it's where you learn to cook
Facebook which saying cook that's I'm
like 900 Caleb looks cool it looks
purple it's actually red but it was
pretty bad look horrible
Caleb's hungry even though it's 10
o'clock at night but it's Friday so it's
fine he went and played lots of baseball
so I've told him I fix them to mac and
cheese yeah dinner which I'm not off
well
cameras on so um I guess I'll see you
guys tomorrow and we've gotta go check
on Piper thanks for watching Brit Haley
