time for tiny corner gate oh that's
stretching to have a good night's sleep
guess what we have a sick Haley so she's
getting medicine she sleeps yeah yeah
she slept here she did it doesn't mean
that she slept in my bed part of the
night too so I hope I don't get sick
cough and fever 102 fever 102 fever and
a cough she doesn't feel well at all you
want to sit up and take the medicine
no it will help it won't taste good it
smell it smells really good what can I
do to help you take it you want
something to eat with it that's good
that you want to eat okay you sit up and
hold this and sit up because it's got a
drink let me got your drink you want
like a juice pack okay you take it you
can wait till I get back okay don't
spill here I'll hold that
I'll put it put it right here on the
nightstand next to the thermometer and
the computer cleaning stuff okay ready
you got to sit up poor baby
how much
it up it'll make you feel better
don't you want to feel better and then
you can sleep in my bed all day okay
what do you want to do all day I want to
play with if you start to feel a little
better right now you just need to sleep
you don't want to sleep I can turn the
TV on for you to just rest
I want to do that okay
sit up and take your medicine because
that's the first step I'm gonna hand you
the drink - okay like a big girl good
job
try to get all of it nicely done okay
and drinking is important when you have
a fever ready for the TV okay say
goodbye one of our friends and um our
cousins pant thing okay whatever
whatever the aunt the small ant um our
play thank you no are playing Jenga
there do that
yeah thank you can I go down my stop
already
barking is so adorable no Wendy don't
have a Jenga yeah that's not the alarm
off Winnie bark when he was being a big
watchdog I can't I can't handle that
again
stress yeah we were stressed when he
that was a stressful game it could be a
surgeon the mother of my cousins wins
and my mother just stick yeah her life
depended on it
I've just discovered that Winnie is
scared of Connect for cases or gain why
is she scared of it I wonder Oh hybrid
not sure about it either it's a torture
system
why are they scared uh-huh
that is hilarious no we got want to talk
her too much too much time ever yeah
what it was scared a mom
ready fuzzy slippers yes I remember that
so we're just um
in refrigerator with Mary Kate and you
got a little blurry oh you need to learn
how to do that you can't reach it
we're having some gameplay going on yeah
there's a button first time ever I've
seen money jump suit that out picking up
the doggie door
poor Winnie Caleb and Mary Kate are
gonna play some Connect four not just
regular Connect four it is Mario Connect
four I don't have any sipping cups I
threw all our sippy cups out like you
can use that yay yes it my mouth is one
toxic attack uses it all look who's out
of bed yeah medicine helped huh yeah
yeah I kind of poked you in the mouth
no no oh boy she did not we just took
Winnie on a walk
he did not go to drink of water but
Hailey's fever is back to normal so that
medicine helped right when you feel good
now okay you let me know if the medicine
start to wear off or if your sticky
sickness is gone Egon my that places my
huh who's winning
I am I won the first one like easily
shit I be very clean
No we like know why you treated because
he said that I went and I didn't go he
did no what happened is she went in the
middle then she not go behind so I put
mine there I put mine on top which
really didn't matter it's doing the
exact same thing and then that was her
turn inside right and then he said he
said he went easy on me when I didn't go
but guess what Caleb put the stickers on
the wrong one
auntie em is fixing the washer I mean
look we had to watch a YouTube video to
see how what the problem was we were
reading a tear and I get it no you the
filter is gonna be disgusting I don't
know if you want to film that oh you
want to Velma I'm dripping here Claire I
really like dog hair and nastiness in
the filter but first we had to drain all
that show them all that water over there
yeah and the pan we found a bucket but
first it was a pan so we had an error
code on the water it said indie which we
looked up and means no drain so it means
it might clog I thought it'd make a
living yeah
we got all this water and then see all
this water and then we found the bucket
and it's still going right and this is
the filter in here did you know that um
did you know that YouTube you can find
anything out on YouTube I looked up a
video about this and now you know
Bangalore all this what used to have to
go to the library I know
use encyclopedias
to model libraries yes you say no to
that psychic he is it's Google I showed
her in encyclopedia the house we looked
at
then it had some cool encyclopedias I
said look guys it's the internet before
the Internet
she left does it have to like quit
dropping completely man okay your turn
okay guys are you ready I don't even
want to see it
his on the video was so gross oh your
dick what is that probably what was
clogging my thing a stick I think it's a
stick okay I'm gonna go clean this in
the center here you want me you want to
clean that off oh it's limey I don't
think I can do it I don't think that's
what was clogging it cuz that was just
like I don't think I can do it it was
slimy Hayley and I couldn't do it though
a Melissa's gonna do it what else is in
Laffy Taffy banana you know I think
you're supposed to come clean your
filter out I think you're opposed to
clean your filter out more often than I
have done no see something yummy
Hayley there the water in there oh I
want to know it's really dirty and nasty
Oh band-aid Oh yummy this might have to
give some water so I'm going to be doing
Hailey's makeup today
okay this show what okay get some you
know all right some of your boy you
boo-boo okay I'll see if she still
remembers this thing are you going I
don't understand what the beer is it's a
piece of blue plastic with some holes in
it you okay Piper Piper okay I just
wanted to see if she was still scared of
it I guess that's a yes she's scared
nice outfit of the day yes by wearing
your glasses yes I wish you were gonna
wash my jacket such a teenager oh my
gosh why did you watch her jacket
feeling jacket
give a jacket she can borrow probably I
don't sound like that she's I don't feel
like that I do I let's go see Hailey's
after let's go see Hailey's back after
on the makeup
go see the after on Haley's makeup why
are you why are you beating her wait
what I was taking a video her about her
makeup and she was like oh we get it let
me see the makeup on my video it looks
really you don't beat little girls with
banjos that what that is yeah let me see
your face
hey are you scared of this because when
he's scared of it it looks good Wow so
Daddy Danielle the makeup artist yes um
we are playing a board game today today
wherever it is I think it's a day or two
tonight maybe even the morning I just
took a nap um well that is true that is
a factual statement uh we are playing a
board game I'm really bugging with Piper
over here I'm really what bugging with
Piper's what's bugging with Piper mean
meaning you're bugging her yes okay
all right who's ready for a question of
the day oh oh and what's so sad about
today or tonight
hey no sad this is their last night they
leave tomorrow
what tomorrow we sleep Gabi and pawpaws
are leaving us to go visit Gabi and pop
off the aren't way our estate coming
yeah they're coming here tomorrow and
taking you away but we're gonna go over
there and hang out all of us then you
gotta give the time
all right right no excuse me I feel
sorry you just go down never bother you
again
yeah bright Piper American Medical
Association says Julian should be
considered a sport because of its riders
rigorous bigoted rigorous its winners
coats rigors alright I want an update
just address the nation's largest
doctors group adopted that has policy
Monday at its annual meeting oh man
so yeah the interweb say the poor cuz
they do everything others do you want to
see the bed I'm going to get yes cute
that's the one I thought the one you
wanted it was cloth here fabric go back
I'll show you ah it's not she's a girl
and a nine-year-old hey we're all the
canopy beds Oh
one two three one guy
you sing as me about this for the end of
it yeah she's redecorating hey the
Haley's getting an easel bed and Annie's
getting a new bed you are like that
farming Oh still that's fever I hope you
don't get it and I don't want to contain
hey good idea we'd all over her we left
on Friday night Mary hates talking the
camera hog is talking over the other
camera hog and then their fight is
really um end of my bed like the sides
of my dad or Tony Mouse okay all right
say goodbye don't calm down looks is
cheerleading a sport thanks to tomorrow
thanks mom on your cousin again I was
kidding now uncomfortable okay yeah yeah
buddy I know I'm supposed to say Caleb
aah oh yeah that was fun I'm in Auckland
Annie I won't force you to come over
here and have fun with that he's warm
touchy do you believe her - yeah kisses
forehead annual caddy
we've got Bieber you really put your
lips to it your head yeah it's your lips
and it's your daily very good I think
we've told that story before about pizza
is he really hot wait I don't know Pizza
yeah you put your lips on it does he
have a fever
don't make me kiss his forehead cuz I
will okay was it a cupcake eat that way
I think we had cupcakes under weapons
from mouth I put my mouth on it and now
the same thing off she says she put her
lips on it it's something mom and dad
can you get her make her have fun with
us bring her over here moving the Torsen
yes there is mandatory fun family fun
night time right now Hey
ah potato baked potato baby thanks for
watching
Britt Ailey
