time for me hey guys here we are at
Target and we're talking about how
mary-kate's a camera hog hey party all
around you all I am camera Hagen every
time Annie talks I interfere and I'm an
attention seeker guess what guess what
when Anna cut people off when patanty
got people in the Bubba when Annie cuts
people off she's a camera hog but what
they don't know is it's a lot with the
to do with the way I edit sometimes
there's nothing else to do except me he
never shuts up why had she talked by now
and talk this is a cutter and talks and
talks and talks
but anyway Annie's at gymnastics Haley
didn't want to hang out with us so us
girls that are left are shopping come on
I've got a target and got a C's nice
cherry Icee and MK is rocking the soupy
pants and the rest of us are dressed
like normal people
normal but they still are really cute
where do you want to go let's shop till
we drop
Brooks Brothers just what inter do not
enter really so we really have to walk
up all the way up I'm mad what's the
point of even having an escalator if you
can't walk you are walking we're gonna
come back and that's going to say do not
enter watch it happen it's a conspiracy
it's gonna happen
I got a no-good escalator this is good
for us the exercise
oh yeah I just got back from gymnastics
and my wrist hurts because of the strap
bar news to me it hurts what happened I
put it I um the straps were on too tight
and it rubbed and then at the end of
practices they were hurting so bad I had
to put one blue strap and one green a
strap bar is the boy bought the boy bar
but with this taped kind of pipe thing
over it and strap straps are these not
rubber bands it like bands but they're
not stretchy it's not stretchy um
they're like I don't know but they're
like bands like with the not like a
rubber band they're a big kind of band
yeah like a room of fat no a skinny rope
that's um wide that the rope but it's a
circle well really it's twisted circle
I'm just getting it fuzzy good okay um
so we strapped into that and yeah it was
on today just keeps you on the bar keeps
her from falling off little I am trying
to
yeah sharpest get the pipe thing it's
pinned and you can't really hang on to
matter pit under you oh oh now I see why
they strap you in okay okay so anyways
today is a beautiful day and today at
gymnastics I went in hoping flop ADIZ
I'm so excited
like I got these at Under Armour like
two weeks ago and I couldn't wear them
because is like thirty degrees out and
today it's like how many 60 degrees as
last a six six degrees 6 degrees
so anyways um um yeah okay got it thank
you so I'm going to go side with this
these flippity floppity 's and jump on
the trampoline and but mommy before we
do that mommy's going to move the
dribbling cuz it's uh uh it's slanted
that ya gotta wonder I'm gonna do it
jump on the trampoline very k gonna do
some flips yeah
and you're going to film us doing that
oh boy mom and we're making that face at
me like you can't do a flip really honey
wait yeah I'm Eugene either in your
Miranda I have a course I'm just gonna
start filling you eat so are you ready
leaving the room me are you saying in
don't leap honey honey she said honey
yeah my own thing g9o Mary Kate though
I'd like to divert Murial winds and
reveals that you're confusing me
I need anxiety Miranda American I don't
know who James
one of my friends today at gymnastics no
no I said um who said that
oh if you don't know who is she has a
YouTube channel to go and check that out
it's in a man's world and she's one of
my gymnastics teammates and today after
practice all while while we were packing
up she was like I really like your
cousin especially that Mary Lee ha ha
Mary Katherine Mary Mary
and unlike kit she was close Mary Mary
I'm like Mary Kate move with something
else hmm
don't like that now know is that Mary
Mary Mary Lee Mary Katherine V dorks
good job tell us what you do I don't
know where things are called
Ariel side Ariel's frontier backyard all
right so let's do a back talk today
you are very talked okay now your turn
making um do a split jump do a front
aerial
I can't how do you do it do it
what's that bouncing scared me then what
do we do next be doors I made it you're
very good at that one are you doing your
little weird
ask I'm just want some carefully
am I gonna hit the net if you had done
one more skill you enough no I was gonna
split down you might have been alright
start as close to the edge as you can
one two this has been my view for like
may get it once perfectly the first try
and no I can't do it well practicing
acro stunts
apparently yeah yeah you're doing great
girl but want some cheaters I don't know
big do this cool okay turn right this is
what we wanted to write hey knocked out
Winnie hey good girl no no okay one two
one two
without for that they want up so they
can jump down let me go home you don't
know
hey alright just like don't look here
like home I can't like get under you
when you come over so I can't like walk
okay yeah one two three okay drop
scription
we just did it alright I figured it out
now do the I need a different way that's
really hitting all right oh oh my god
left field
yeah you got a pose Haley's got a pose
Hey a blonde Nile one two down up
so you feel forget it
yeah we made it good enough hey love you
nice last try is only a joke the boom
really very good you drop the pillow
gotta go real quick yeah yeah ah three
quarters to come didn't I already say
one more time I believe like mom's do
that one dog that she's quick
you got throw down the stairs you want
to get ready three quarters almost I all
right no pressure but they just she got
my oh okay she hurt oh my gosh we
thought you have hurt all right they
just did the whole spin don't mess up
no pressure the cameras rolling it was
really cool to pusher it all me
yep I'm Jake with me camera
no satisfy me I know
punch me why is he punching you hey girl
wow I'm just kidding wow you did any
more gonna look at that cute puppy okay
I'm ready yeah don't mess up what are
you going on back here okay let's do the
systems oh you know me more can do that
let's say you don't know done girl just
end on my toe for your trouble I'll be
back up this okay okay oh look together
excuse me I think this you want me to
turn her no she's fine might like that
no let her turn this way I can see you
Haley got to jump jump in our arms
okay I can only do it this way because
that's how I practice today sorry mom
I'm just going downstairs is marriage
being at what I can't say hey Haley go
lay out flat do she did I forgot the
spotlight on her cuz my friends are here
why didn't you start doing gymnastics
did something inspired you I have so
what PS I'm a huge fan of them a lot to
me if you answer mama you shouldn't
choose to start gymnastics gymnastics
chose her she did his miracles and
remastered app she did it because every
morning I would wake up and put a
leotard on okay do you want to go to the
on vyx together I really I am do you
want to go to the Olympics of course for
what Haley should do cry channel like a
yes you could go to the cooking Olympic
yeah mothers that there's a video about
my and how you make such a leave I saw
that it was like your what's going on
ISM we're out to dinner and we realized
the video is stuck processing what step
processing when we left it's still not
up I just checked so we thought we would
it well yeah Melissa thought it would be
a good idea because she's so lovely to
answer some of your Instagram questions
so what else you here to give a shout
out Mary Kate Reed won and who's in
story okay I know I got at Cali dance 27
favorite childhood memory please answer
this and say I love you are forever in
Cali I die I love Kelly Kelly wavelength
say I love you me Holly cow muna I love
you tell you
rosetta clear I'm so completely pallet
what's all about you have a question now
now what was the question
Oh favorite childhood memories oh yeah
the good one that was a good job Callie
Callie dance 27 or the answer was your
favorite childhood memories out loud and
not you okay um run go go go Owen I am
you and used to win a little and still
AM and Annie said that what you said
that and even you know I believe you
said that I used to eat your hair
because I thought there was really
frightening eyelids I used to say well
give me that give me that
weird if she remembered us or anything
but that's okay
what's your fave what's your childhood
memory um I have to I do too okay one of
them was when I picked my nose and I ate
it and I took a video on it that was
theater burgers and then there was
another one where I ate a lollipop off
the ground but it was full of ants but I
didn't know and I had to go to the
hospital because I had a but look it's
my mouth I Begley remember that but I
had forgotten that he's I minded me and
Caleb your mom available on the swings
of things I mean we were like jumping
off and he went inside
yes oh yeah touch the captain me and
Kayla touch the kindest oh we got the
countess things done at our hangars and
we did not want to get out and they were
like putting us to the couch and like
trying to pry it out of our hands
yeah forgot about that yeah all right
one more we shout out Oh Oh what is that
who inspired you easy I'm answering
right now what are fired or what that's
X and say daniel says my mom Annie says
everyone's heart who's fired you but
when I'm on the beam or something and I
wanted to make it on like I'll make it
for David or make it for Papa
Oh David and papa oh that's silly
am i crying out too dark over here hey
why are your where were you on the night
of I don't know why did you guys start
YouTube my answer human tonight images
yeah we were just filming Annie doing
gymnastics so that her dad and all her
family could see her that we didn't live
near okay why you cheating me store you
know I know you better than you you will
evening are you me you ready to say stop
it and are you kidding me don't know
dozen doing zone guess I'll teach you
stop it stop
store swim anything else okay you
kidding me are you giving me are you
giving me Katie
are you kidding you want to give your
mom like means up we just got done with
dinner and now we're home
and we got is going to be fun to do
under the day somebody's Instagram get
quiet for an it from Instagram Instagram
it's just a random shout-out there's a
go - oh yes Riley underscore 0 is 6 to 3
sig I'm not suggested I wanna ask what
is your favorite Disney movie oh and
mine is Mary Poppins
uh this is planes planes trains are
tangled oh I lost it again but it's okay
um probably the Lion King so don't be
tempted love you another question today
is what's your favorite Disney Disney
movie
potato baked potato baby thanks for
watching Britt Ailey
