time for what Amy so I'm at home
okay that's so boring
yes I'm so fidgety and everything and
I'm already done from I'm already done
with school and I really want to go to
gymnastics because my but my um coach is
still sick but today we have a
substitute um but later it was just so
bored I'm so fidgety and I'm done with
school and no one else's my mom is
editing and Piper and Winnie are playing
because not really um play um they're
like fighting with the bone so it's
Piper's bone but when he really wants it
in the pie breath matter so they keep
barking and then nothing going on and
I'm so sad and look at my whiteboard if
you saw it yesterday then um here it is
and I just now notice that I forgot to
put it and II at the house for the house
I'm putting a marker and putting and eat
on house sure yeah I got my own
whiteboard and chill cool nothing only
almonds with that I become damaged I
have notes
you're so cute one thank know give me a
drink
well this get let's go get this get this
get he won't like this are you going to
show us your impression of winning oh my
god did my sister set a hammer or that
nope bug sick moves our favorite pastime
hey hey she's almost got lay down she's
getting really close
hey huh wait up
they don't Winnie Winnie may I get one
Paul doesn't fight you up so bad anymore
good girl it's getting close Winnie yeah
never mind my slippers guys sorry I get
start out of that shop oh how
embarrassing
oh can we sing happy birthday to your
sister not a birthday can you do this
hang up no you can call her back because
she's coming in a few days make sure she
knows that we're filming I gotta get her
permission make her sign on the dotted
line
hello hello you are on speaker and we
are filming oh you're filming yeah say
hi to everybody okay coming okay
Oh are y'all going to the store between
you and Friday yes no we plan on having
no food for you guys to eat no no no
it's not food oh the log anywhere and
it's cold here it is okay well it is
like 30 degrees here okay today which
was our degrees but no one will find you
some love okay so that was my question
can you buy us some gloves and I'll pay
you back when I get there no you can
just use Amy's allowance it's fun yeah
that's a nice tuna
thing different schedule gets me
Chipotle daily she's waiting to electric
picking up her order all by herself she
ordered it to sorry I'm on my phone so
it looks a little grainy that's why
she's like can i order my own food and
then she was like and can I pick it up
and you go sit down so get a little
independence going on right now
and she's excited to probably be mad at
me for telling me she wanted to tell you
she got a mint green drink hi spilled
the beans I'll let her tell you again
did it that was big girl stuff who don't
dump it out
see I told you going to tell you I told
them already it's mint green Haley's
favorite color
I just noticed your jacket had a little
meat mint green going on before you even
knew you liked mint green
and I
any schedules messed up the speakers are
coach
we had a weird schedule your mouthful
there you go couldn't eat now chuckling
okay we just got to the gym and it is
raining like ice like it's like slating
it is thick thick rain ready Hayley and
I can't leave you're drinking that in
this freezing cold ring all right we're
gonna make a run for it
wait pouring it's not pouring it's just
raining we ready
don't flip this is very icy I almost
flipped look oh my gosh I was so slick
it is ice okay we're gonna be very
careful in the dark we're not gonna
really make a run for it no we're gonna
walk fast back so I just got picked up
from your nessing's and I finally hatch
Masek hold on Hayley rottens a minute
weather alert to winter storm warning
around current location really we didn't
notice with the rain coming down from
the sky oh my gosh
just junk food and back in the soup in
the bowl
how's practice good doing special wasn't
weird having a substitute
now it was fine um we're hips towards a
handstand pulls both again and I didn't
see it
gotta give you guys a scene of what's
going on in this room not you guys the
camera so we start see we start with
Haley let's give you a view sleeping
daddy meant eating Annie hot
panting winning the Bulldog and dreaming
Piper I think she stopped but she was
dreaming and like whining in her sleep
and her paws were running she is snoring
yeah that's what's going on we're
watching some HDTV and just hanging out
and now which is Haley's watching
sevensupergirls again again like it is
so loud it was so cute she was whining
she's I'm deep sleep oh look at her look
at her now let's type of question today
and um before I go into that uh I've
gymnastics again tomorrow but it's at
the same time so after the schools here
again hmm
but least I get to sleep it
so anyways I've got the deck and I don't
have fun yet so I'm just left down good
okay so it's getting a on your science
fair project or your art project that's
really hard
aha let's say science but really like
art I really like science I really like
likes but I'm gonna have to go with
science so don't forget calm down look
so you'll know cosmetic is ghanaian your
science fair project or your art project
I see you tomorrow and roll the clip to
Haley
hey guys so today question of the day
time and what you're like here and the
question of the day is with you daggered
did uh um a science small a she forgot
the question
yeah would you rather get an A on an art
project or a science project our project
does that to easier good why he has a
crazy oh yeah take it easy way oh I and
I don't have science mm-hmm true flat
alright overall it very well once I
clicked it dead look you guys know the
question of the day which is I'm getting
a new science
err or your whoops didn't and your
science fair or on your art project I've
got to say art project because I'm known
to stink at art so that would be like a
freebie and I would be awesome and so
yeah anyways um that's suppose from the
day coming down below because you know
question the day is getting your science
bro affair or your art project see you
guys tomorrow bye babe
thanks for watching
Brit Ailee
