today unfair my time or money I've got
the ball slap sees a um sad face my
coach is sick so you must just got
canceled today but I'm the first one to
start school as I woke up at 7:50
something so I've been doing school for
an hour and gymnastics the whole day is
camps yes my coach is sick and there's
downs of school Hailey's watching TV um
don't know what Caleb's dude okay so I'm
doing my luck
um uh my school now just mind my own
business
and here Haley just breaks up and
doesn't my mom grew mangoes I'm hungry I
like it when my mom goes um I'm Alyssa
another thing I like to do his upload
the video and she goes laughing wait and
I was like um thank you for waiting
Haley and then um she goes I'll be down
in a second and then Haley goods uh and
exits exits stage to the right it was
really funny it's just one of those
moments that you had to be there she was
like over here she just came into my
mom's room it was like I'm hungry but
like how she said it
it was so funny okay and yeah she now
she's getting breakfast I'm almost done
school would you haven't even started
that's the good thing about starting
school early the bad things were you
have to do school really early heavily
they don't have gymnastic beds feels so
weird
because it's not like a two-hour like I
said it's not like a two-hour delay it's
the whole day it feels so weird cuz
after um school was like hey I'm gonna
draw on this notebook I'm like oh wait
now I feel ready masted from like wait
no I don't it's so just so weird my mom
and I are cleaning out my hippo Hailey's
room look notching across my alpaca
glasses
there's our mom no I gave them to you
well you both got an alpaca didn't you
yeah at VidCon oh yeah and I gave her my
iPad out Lopaka oh that's scary my line
wasn't so we just got done cleaning up
he was you mean we were just taking full
advantage of our day off cuz that
doesn't usually happen so um I'm here is
the deal my mom she said if I helped
helped her clean out Hailey's room she
would help me clean up mine so right now
we are going to go in my room and it's
pretty clean the only thing is really my
desk kind of like that beds pretty good
but we're gonna get rid of a lot of
stuff I'm yeah look at the gift reviews
I'm Popeye the Sailor man
you can go back Dale we went through
every single one of her stuffed a look
at all of them Oliver stuffed animals
here's our donate pile here's our give
to Haley pile and Annie's finishing up
her keep pile look I didn't even know I
had this lunch see I don't remember that
one either
hey they're at the doorstep panels for
you
this is your pile that Annie wanted to
give to you not that file hear me off my
stuffed animals
don't make me sad how do you want to
rest your Shamu shambo's clothes back on
not appropriate
well me listen doll don't judge us that
we're in clothes from yesterday ok
people
ok people all right hey go show them
what Annie and I did with your all your
stuffed animals how organized we make it
suit each other mind this is what they
did they did it really oh you mean they
did a little ones so I just fixed to
myself my own my lunch - my mom's in the
shower and me and Hayley get to jump on
the coaches because she won't know until
she edits ok did your shoes on y'all
break your couch anyways hum so right
now I know it's hard to see me cuz
there's a power outage and it's like
really dark yeah that's why I got this
flashlight because it's really dark and
we can't see anything I mean as you can
see it's dark outside and everything
this power outage is killing us honey
it's real corn here and hum so Annie do
you like power outages
hmm I think that's a yeah
do you like power outages you
what where does back on ha go where 189
school only don't homework so I just
couldn't do it
we had the whole day off that just could
not go anywhere so we are at the for the
car Jay
like you could do this and you can put
on they look you can make an elephant
that has a green head and a blue body
and red shoes daddy come here is where
I'm never buying your shoes again you
can just make sound get taller kids off
they're just stickers you've owned your
shoes I think I'm having to put stuff
back that some little girl took off the
show yeah who would do that maybe
somebody who's bratty I didn't talked
about a bratty little girl hey Mon oh oh
I'll dry erase board because I'm always
like decorating my mom's and then she
gets really mad at me because she says
you're gonna waste my markers he has her
markers um have it like this denim and
saamana buy some with my allowance did
you find them
that's um
mmmmmm the Cadbury eggs you got so good
cannot bunnies eggs
that's cute eNOS
they have gymnastics and when I say
substitute oh my god you still sick so
we're gonna have a substitute substitute
tomorrow and then Wednesday we could
sleep in and do school and then um on
Thursday we do anjuman gymnastics you
just think all byxis little sis it's not
actually a big note your little sister
and then here are cousins are coming and
we get our health and then we have my
gymnastics meet and we're taking
Danielle and mary-kate to New York
cuz I've always wanted to go and someday
I just wrote New York that is so and
then I have an Easter egg over there I
have um a good luck clover right here
and it says be yourself be honest you
are amazing and change with the world
and over here to-do list
um dishwasher build for be kind be
awesome too late and I put a check on it
yeah you know I have a picture of Caleb
when he was younger and this magnet what
does it say it says coach I think I'm
gonna throw up
well then Murphy at all yeah just for a
bit hmm till they were fat so now are
you just gonna do it for it so you guys
know what's about to go down
idea Oh
your way your way I got my gun let's
move to boom
Piper scared me
whoa man you're ugly
cuz we made up this damn
ah you want to reenact when you almost
lost your front tooth oh why should we
have Haley reenact she have it so well
oh my gosh it's holding on by a thread
overdose good
oh and then after we have to go
just what mm-hmm how did that go when
she when she lost her son like it's not
out it's just gonna be out it's like
it's not out out but it's gonna be well
it's out but not out out if you guys
want to be if you guys I know we're
talking about there's a video of a
anyone G lost close your second fret to
know your first front tooth which one
was it
ah it was her first front tooth the
expert says Haley's epic Haley expert it
was the first front tooth hmm I won on
it and a you need teeth no if I do I
calc
no I have to see that no I use your
daddy where is he I don't know daddy
oh yeah now you're really daddy
understand dreamy daddy
ah I wanted to be there okay dad Piper
not falling for that hey guys so today
has been one of those days it's not
really an active day she's been sitting
home sleeping reckless anyways um today
we also got a late start on school
because Annie's in half gymnastic blah
blah blah you know all this
and um well kinda that's it and I'm just
going to think of a question day right
off the tippity toppity top top top top
you tippity top of my head um okay let's
think let's think let's think let's
think
mm what I think we've already done this
but what is your favorite favorite sport
and with that sport what is your
favorite sports team I have to say
football and to play by the way not not
to watch and to all those people who
don't play sport then the what you want
to play and those of you don't want to
play a sport then what's your favorite
sport that you don't want to play but
it's just a favorite sport I got to say
baseball and the Detroit Tigers
anyways comfortable over that is much
better tour scene and with that sport
what's your favorite sports team so what
sport and what's your favorite stores T
really confusing it was by
ah it's out so um Haley's finishing up
school and um it's been at like a
relaxing day like this is what it feels
this is what it feels like and I'm not a
gymnastics hmm and Caleb of course today
which is what's your favorite sport and
of course I'm going to say gymnastics
but if I were to say something other
than gymnastics then it would be what's
my favorite book
like to play or to watch I'm going to
ask my mom mommy or is the question in
the day um is what what's your favorite
sport to play or what's your favorite
sport nothing off Caleb Caleb screwed
over I'll just do both okay so if it was
besides gymnastics favorite thing to
watch is soccer my favorite thing to do
is gymnastics but otherwise it would be
a crow I don't know Haley what about you
probably I should that's not really
sport but I had kind of nuts more like
poly gymnastics to watch and what to do
your Masek no place off it okay right so
don't forget the card ed loves to even
know oh it's getting no skin off
skip naam something up in here no it's
not a good calm down look so you wanna
know the question today is what's your
favorite sport to either do or to watch
baby
thanks for watching
Britt Ailey
