time for me wha
so we are back and today we are doing
another shower video we're gonna call it
shout-out sunday but that not ever like
Sunday everything goes good on Sunday
anyway well this is Sunday for you
it's Sunday for us oh yeah I said today
I'm talking we're right hundred and we
told you to comment down below in the
comment section you're not making any
sense
what do you mean our honking missions
making but anyway this is for our
800,000 subscribers and today we are
going to put makeup on my dad's face and
the shout out goes to a see you Beauty X
Oh is X so it's just X Oh si si no AC
Beauty X Oh got so a see you to excel
and they suggested not to we put makeup
on my dad's face because that's what we
told you
so she's the they're the random shot go
check the channel subscribe and say that
Kayleigh sent you so I'll get started
because I'm very very excited we're
going to free skew dad bang hey what you
love okay get okay I'm gonna get so here
let's look at my handy-dandy makeup I go
overnight at my mom I call it a lipstick
prolly okay you can give a lipstick and
we're trying to make this pretty
okay hey
impossible I'm going to know what this
hat means not very good at makeup uh
there's not anything dang haha now
you're coming that I've it this is a
concealer okay you don't want to conceal
this that's it okay yet but without a
beer it'll get had touch that chocolate
all over a favor
this door is locked and I'm gonna play
on my finger first I'm sorry if I ruined
this mommy took it it's all we is it
like that stuff I'm a dick is it burn ah
it burns
uh nothing I leave is it oh sorry yeah
okay okay ready
awesome
I know right now I'm getting makeup on
ignition
how about this thing is it's cool for
you like it out anything
it's give her this like beauty balm
okay I'm totally good okay what is this
it's a brush you come there with it yeah
no not that cool okay okay so let's put
some eye shadow ruler along with that I
shall lose weight first thing I take the
ice shack - you look at the colors color
game um I think I want range how about
this one green is employed yes
so sparkly I want to chat I knew the
other eye
okay oh my gosh it looks beautiful fine
already apps but and then for the UM
literally that lets go Patrice to put it
your orange be ready okay now this is
the part that Hughes over my how does it
look okay so other I believe going to be
completely off scary
okay it looks beautiful and I'll turn to
make I'm gonna do a little wig okay oh
we're so good at this thing yeah you're
gonna so you're out of this kind so
we're going to use this going on it's
like a pin socket you got me Lloyd we
meet y'all
beautiful a little weak
he liked you from the side oh look
beautiful lush money in the slush yes
this is what the cap yes do you want
pink or no he he much pink okay oh you
Shh
what oh he really put that on his cheeks
put down his cheek
okay here's beautiful okay sit down now
where will this work and look slick no
although that mascara mascara - the blue
team longer tips you can do I'm just
going to show you to you but I know what
to do look beautiful you don't have to
hide your face all right you're this we
could go public cause it I wanna hear
you guys don't like to be I carry
probably shouldn't have an eyelash
curler thing starts to the I didn't
there you know hold on how much how much
is in there not any in your animals no I
know me to my eyeball how much did you
put in yeah don't do as much as she did
she just sat there and put more and more
clumps of it in there that's the thing
ever
nah oh yeah it's good there you go dad
oh my gosh it was beautiful okay sit
down touch your lipstick okay um okay
well I guess we're just gonna have to
use our finger I'll do the orange side
oh my god you gotta bite my finger la
oh you're thinking great now I need to
look at my purple he can really look
beautiful
wait wait it's missing something missing
a mustache here I want to end on
ladies and gentlemen we presentation
that you all been waiting for the final
touch on mr. father / - you look amazing
okay now to show mr. father potatoes
final looks he is going to either yell
and horror horror viable or chamblee how
do you like awesome I like the way my
mustache goes all the way into my eye -
I like you so no thank you
thank you all for looking at the father
man and calm down below we should do for
850 thousand subscribers because we are
going to do another wine until we reach
our million and then you mrs. mommy okay
we get high please why you don't know
like this in the face so don't forget to
subscribe so you can see more videos
like this and of course you know just
our family blogs and video every day for
two years
someone me know anyways um so anyways
say goodbye and daddy say you're gonna
go take a bath
okay bye
 baked potato baby
thanks for watching
Britt Ailey
