good morning guys and before we serve
our blog today we are going to be
telling you about this awesome challenge
on program but before we start that I'm
gonna tell you a little bit about the
app so flipagram is a cool app that you
can watch and create short videos and
there's tons of music to help you there
are a ton of filters so right now there
are amazing holiday cultures but you're
a kid there are a ton of filters so
right now there are great holiday
click the link in the description to
join our family for the hashtag dear
Santa Wish challenge on flipagram be
sure to include the hashtag
dear Santa in your video the flipagram
with the most shares will win an iPhone
10 well they're gonna have to go look at
your flipagram that you guys created for
the challenge and see what you a guy
wished for you're not opening it right
now cuz they've got to go watch
sherrilyn program so in the description
guys is our user go and check out this
flipagram at the Craven do you guys want
to see what we wish for if you did then
give all of us on our flipagram hello
guys we what are we doing step we are
going we are about to go to a wardrobe
fitting the project of Annie's working
on mm-hmm and then we're going and we're
gonna go do a collab with Rebecca and
some other people but now since you
spilled the beans on who it was with
they don't get to know who the other
people are they have to say to know
lutely like I didn't know it as a
surprise show your outfit of the day my
friend
and just my hair page Tamir
mommy got that from Christmas page
spilled the beans um this is from
forever 21
yeah and I was zoned out hat Marshalls
hat Marshalls hair when I was born um
forever 21 on the dress I don't know
tsunami from tsunami Annie's outfit of
the day
Annie needs to go get shoes on because
we're literally leaving like in four
minutes as soon as I finished
transferring some footage okay I don't
know
well you gotta stand the other way I
can't believe fun okay there you go
I know I got the shoes at Francesca and
Jessica's catch I think I got the genes
from Francesca's - okay Francesca is
probably not weird oh we spotted Oh Wade
is out Banda have blue eyes I mean I
didn't know that I thought you have a
brown guys parking at La is no far I'm
no fun Annie's supposed to be getting
out and checking my tires for the red I
look behind there's red on the ground
and you can't be in the red that's
scared
Haley roll your window up we're about to
get out we just got here and we're gonna
go in for this fitting andis gonna
double-check me
my tired can't be on the red I don't
think I what about in the back my good
pants I'll check it - she's like yeah
all right my friends Haley gonna get out
dude today Bank what look at all this
fun stuff I will take it all just load
it up into our closet that is cute
okay that's your sneak peak I figured
out how not giving it anyway so they
take a picture of the ones they like
that's so cool
you're gonna go film we can't show the
outfits it's like a secret and stuff
okay we finished and now we are going to
eat because Haley is starving how do you
like the option oh yeah one of the
zippers got stuck on her so we had to
take a knife mr. Jimmy had a knife and
we literally cut it the dress is okay
but we had to cut some of the fabric and
peel it off of her it was great good
times was it too tight no if the fabric
got stuck in the zipper
well you don't wear those flippers
I know you loved those slides we don't
know where we're gonna eat I think we're
we're in Beverly Hills and I'm sure
there's gonna be some food she's
requesting I feel like this is a Beverly
Hills address but I don't know like my
area so we might be like I'm on the
outskirts we're gonna try to find it in
and out but I don't know if we're gonna
have any luck breakfast lunch and dinner
why not
I cannot hear you use Cracker Barrel
really I got all that from mac and
cheese
check out my answer that's all right no
I love their package I'm just hungry
right now so I love everybody tell
everybody what happened
oh she's look what happened she got her
drink taken away because playing and
then she and then she takes it back
do you want that slice of pizza let's
put it in their box
to go home with us the cheese pizza
won't get eaten all right all right
we're having some dessert
are you having some dessert
I could never do that but eat a lemon
got a sugar on it why not
and it's then it's um sweet and sour
Haley really just wanted the lemon so I
mean the sugar so it's dessert and then
we're heading over to hello Matt and
Rebekah and as you can see this these
are the special guests
y'all know what you're doing hey you two
on the video all right you two stay
tuned guys look at this
so very very very heavy the puppies
right yeah peanut butter missed your
peanut butter butter what things on them
oh they're diapers they do that's good
they're dogs
who do do it's really diapers yeah they
really are they are you need them oh
yeah it's actually really smart I know
well yeah cuz look at this setup in here
so legit we don't trust them that much
Rebecca what give me a general overview
so they can know what to stay tuned for
whoa it's the most likely to challenge
most like that nine versus these two
okay all right oh she's really good I
hope
so you guys have to get the same answer
so it'll be like most likely to sleep in
you both I know that one
I wanna get partner one all right all
right and when do you think this will be
up you'll be up on Wednesday Wednesday
so when this video is up what when this
video is up they should just go watch
this and then you go back to that
Hayden's excited cuz he found his
nametag just in case you're confused
when you go a red carpet yeah yeah oh
yeah all those red carpets that's what
you hold up but they're gonna ask a
question and you hold up your answer
who's most likely to Maui's god no it's
one or the other you had to choose one
answer stay tuned guys you play xbox
bothered Oh at the same time we'll let
you play xbox - don't worry Jay he's
like okay thanks oh that's why I said
he's like I was what happened she's
gonna punch you yeah oh she doesn't want
to do a challenge with you do you not
want to do it what do you want to do
we're doing a video on Hailey's channel
that's gonna involve slime with Hayden
play xbox with Hayden all right what's
your true that Haley what's your what's
your video about that they should go to
your channel and subscribe it's a
surprise okay so go subscribe to Haley's
channel because you already should have
subscribed to Rebecca so you can see
that crazy video that the challenge they
did for Rebecca subscribed to Haley's
channel and see what surprise slime they
do I mean look what Rebecca's always got
slime material
yeah something ball we're here right
knock it out use your teaser this is a
clue hey here's a clue
here's a clue and that's all right you
got the surprise I just point out all
right stay tuned guys slime videos
coming soon
Annie seeing new I was like she looks
suspicious
oh it's beautiful dude thank you move
over just a little that's better no over
a little more
perfect oh you're going home with some
slime slime because we wanted to yeah I
already know it's on my channel they new
online video that is beautiful
there's the ocean yeah it was
that's your pool what's your ocean
hating what did you think of my song
that I haven't done yet stay tuned guys
stay tuned Rebekah's drop in a a single
visit is it we can this be on the vlog
it's could be on the blog look at the
speaker to see to
because you guys know you would buy it
this is why your ears were blessed and
your heart was shaking we prank hated
I'm like their little cameraman the ash
from the fire is you guys best about
here yeah we had the ghost even though
cuz the car parking was expired but it's
just like a party here yo
this was white right and some orb with
some Orbeez but it's all brown because
it see from the fires
with Orbeez right look nice hats I don't
really want to feel is that with Orbeez
to me
it's my new jam hey I'm gonna sound
really cool your songs are bump oh I
don't know I mean that's good the Bob
that's a Bob that's what they're saying
it now about that song I've been
pranking people with that we got hated
earlier where will that be we are asked
yesterday yeah is it gonna be like a
compilation of like alright alright so
Haley we made a mess of Matt and
Rebecca's house so all in a day's work
no no I'm Haley watch I want this
rooftop yeah I wish honey we're home oh
my gosh it smells so good in here
we brought you we brought you a hayden
it smells so good in here looks great
she did laundry I can tell and she
cleaned really we just sat in traffic
for an hour and 45 minutes but before
that the day was great except Haley made
a mess it spilled food coloring twice
you know make a slime now is almost
anything
and the whole bottle fell again it was
good it was good we saw a beautiful
sunset so I well I can sit on the couch
for 20 minute straight although I don't
want to I want to like a stretch now
that we've sat in the car we sat on the
couch that was not a couch it was a seat
in a car that is gonna stain my counter
I can feel it welcomes my slime
collection this one is a him and she
even loves it so much she put it on her
sheet 20 hundred thousand dollars
anybody want to buy it
why can't he touch it you're not real
I'm out shopping again and while we wait
to try shoes on
why not pattycake I don't I love the cow
you guys getting ready for bed we're
being a good girl right I told Hailey's
had to go to bed at a decent time but
she's working on a project tomorrow and
show that early call time we're to have
a 7:00 a.m. call time so we're probably
leaving at 6:30 you and Paige can stay
here you know this is when our days get
crazy break over it's time to work
tomorrow Haley's got her project she's
filming for for a couple hours
Annie then has dance rehearsals for her
project she's working on
and she's got danced all week so
tomorrow it starts and then and then
we're recording a special surprise
thingy I'll say it's a song
I know I've got to change the light bulb
it's just out and I don't have time to
get I haven't had time to like oh I
could have got one today
okay so filming or recording a special
song tomorrow yeah with some friends
yeah we are and it's a surprise I don't
know if I can tell you yet tomorrow I'll
find out so we're gonna get rid of your
bed okay and let's do a question of the
day cuz it is time to wrap up our day
we're literally these three girls are in
the bed I'm getting ready to go get in
the bed after I brush my teeth I know
the last two nights we were home
midnight
home it was a crazy weekend it was a
great weekend okay I need a question of
the day okay what is your Elf on the
Shelf name if you have oh and if you
don't have well what would you name it
yeah or her I would name mine you know
what you only sprite but mine's always
right here of us weird Haley
there's would be a boy our name our elfs
name is Alfonso he's been with us since
2011 or 12 we have the book I think did
I just make that yeah easily at least 12
no no maybe 13 or 14 they didn't come
till later yeah Santa didn't let their
ELPS come and the elves come to new
tradition but we've had him for a while
I think he's at least been to four or
five Christmases I have a name mine
Rudolph oh I can't figure this out as a
cute we were in the old house we've been
in the so yeah it's a good solid four
years I can look
yeah and it's got a sugar in it you
don't need that before you go to bed
it's it's caffeine free but it doesn't
mean it's sugar free okay well you have
it you have the same elf what would you
name it if you have your own oh you guys
me that well cuz we named home no we
have one so our answer is Alfonzo do you
have an elf on a shop that comes to you
mine and you would name him Rudolph I
don't know I think like I'll let you
know tomorrow
Yeah right we'll forget all right guys
so comment down below I was about to say
I like no all right guys that's it we're
gonna finish watching this video that
she was showing us yeah remember to
celebrate
thanks for watching
Britt Haley
