yeah so right now I am working on a new
inflate for our full four really
Hayley's channel but no it's our
channels family Long's now play anyway
anyway I had to make my own Anna
right now I'm just doing the SUBSCRIBE
thing and there's going to be a box live
I bet the area and then inflate is the
thing that popped up after our video and
it's like subscribing like yesterday's
video or my I can't anymore
for Taylor gear or I don't start it from
the beginning I just did everything boom
should I like do that ever you want okay
so all I have right now is subscribe so
it's gonna be a knees drawing on it in
this place
yep owner win will have it up but that'd
be cute or you could just however you
want to design it happen should I do
that
I think that's adorable or you could do
a stick figure handstand oh yeah but you
have to watch it okay all these ideas
and can you do a stick figure baseball
player what can Hayley's be a stick
figure
diva I'll do this way with the crown
yeah a stick figure princess yeah that's
perfect
now a stick figure bed head watch
alright so my
okay ma'am I'm Alex oh wait okay waiting
in the now your arms are coming out of
your head well no they're like behind
okay I see I did your thing geez you
have to question everyone gotcha are you
on a science channel what is that their
motto or okay I wasn't really
questioning you it was critiquing yeah I
questioned you okay all right well you
show me the final product okay and I'll
see if I'll buy it from you okay to pick
up our clay
you think it's gonna look so pretty and
different it's gonna be all glossy and
mine's gonna be the best no granny's
item paper once my imaginary one's gonna
be the best
nope you can't beat my imagination mine
I got them ready I'm gonna show you only
yours because I don't want to get them
all out I'm gonna Daniel unwrap it I
only have one hand
anyway the SIDS meet session away reject
Paul I just leave up Haley it's tape but
you ready you love it it looks like you
can take a bite out of it it's beautiful
you like it
yes came out really good I'm gonna rock
back up so doesn't get broken
all right we got to go we're going to
SIDS meets are you ready and he's
already there
we're gonna go see her compete all four
events I know I was here I was here the
other day there's a nurse oh you see the
cross yeah was here the other day with
Annie she can she competed on this stuff
so she doesn't care snacks we just ate
all right now I gotta go find Sid and
Annie
Steven go tell Sid good luck
be nervous you can kind of not really
heard of it really since so we are here
at Tiffany and she's warming up on
butter's for the first
she's not up close Syd's up you want to
stay here and or go over there and watch
closer
no lingo this planning how you go right
there
that's really closer so much closer from
there to daddy's lap up that big paper
she did what I thought you can they go
what
but the typical visits way more
nerve-wracking than when I go why so
citizen it's beer
I might not watch so no you have to walk
through that even saluted yeah
Staubach here second
yep she saluted
to meet it mean it really well but then
we drove to grab a bite to eat and
Little Miss in the sleep and Annie's
Stiller Sydney and Caleb hanging out
with his friends and now we got to go in
with a sleepy baby
I vote daddy has to hear it carry her in
go
hey I'm she's laying against the door by
today we're doing something that we have
never done before you know what that is
Haley nope
it is the question of the day you've
never done that before right yeah so
what I was um the core so that is in ten
years Haiti will be 16 hmm and that will
be 22 yeah
what is it didn't use where will you be
like what's stay Haley and what will
your job be what do you think probably
my job would mom yep I can't yes sir
I've suckers uh-huh and like where I
would grow up are you a girl yeah I you
are know Haley we and you 16-yard be
grown up
Oh who'll be at his house
and tuck - that's nice I've always
wanted to go to tech captious yeah hey
you guys are going cactus I know you
guys like New York I can't catch this
anyways um I will be and State I really
don't care but I guess my three favorite
states would be Georgia from what when
I'm born um I was born uh California so
you know they're just they're so often
or North Dakota South Dakota no idea why
just have always wanted to live in one
of those anyways what I will be doing is
I don't know I will be yeah hand model
uh you guys get to see the fur you guys
can like I get famous for hair modeling
you guys will be like I remember him
from the youtubes I'll be all like
handle with my fake nails that have
lollipops on them what I'm showing you
I'm gonna grow it to be a hand model
what I'm sure yeah I'm showing them how
I'm gonna grow up to the end
Marty yeah it isn't all about that's a
lollipop in the knife is the question
out of the day out of hand
yep no how much are we wasting two
minutes three minutes and 30 seconds
now that we can only use three minutes
and 21 seconds so what was the question
of the day so we can tell Annie when she
gets home um what I'm a real like a
teacher
what do you okay guess what cheese Rico
hey kids don't look at it that's how
awesome they are in ten years where will
you be and that is an awesome question
I'll have to I thought of it you did not
I did you read it off of the class nope
no mom I wrote it that's my handwriting
pretty I can't wait to see what you guys
answered well yes no mom you haven't
answered and you've been filming for
this time I was I don't know what I'll
actually be doing oh I know I will be I
sit at home dad let's sit at home do you
mean to stay at home don't sit at home
not stay what if sit at home dads do
they sit in there only like Daddy oh
just like him I mean he has a job do but
he also sits at home yeah and I had a
job to see how long it's he'll pay
hey Haley did you answer yes yeah she
said she's gonna be no no you can't tell
me I want to watch it on the video on
the interwebs
well it won't be on the interwebs when
I'm watching okay this has gotten out of
hand you are out of hands I have two
hints how beautiful over the world I can
film it yeah okay
those men just leave us today and
in ten years where will you be and what
will you be doing ten years I will be 20
and when do you go to college why when
do you go to college what age do you two
call it what will I be in college at 20
okay so I'll get college the state of
Wisconsin why I don't know a set of
state is that you're gonna see oh wait a
minute
I don't know why I like Texas what cuz I
grew up why
don't forget to come down looks we've
enough is a data they'll be in college
sorry gymnastics you need but don't get
paid for gymnastics if it it doesn't
look and what will you be doing I'll be
in college doing gymnastics okay okay
okay Cymbeline to come down below
because we want to know the legend dang
mm-hmm and teen years where will you be
and what will you be doing so don't
forget to calm down below turns out by
thanks for watching
Britt Haley
