time for my daily awake
woke up before I get that wake you
it's five o'clock in the morning and
then he has to meet this morning and she
can't find her bloody pop my bounden
Meredith good morning got to wake up now
yeah come on it's meat day I've got all
of her stuff and my camera ready to go
so all she has to do jump in her in the
shower eat some breakfast jump in the
leo get her hair done and then we're out
of here in one hour but we got a drag
her out of the bag burst a knee kick
back asleep
come on let's see how these see the
hands of a gymnast where we go I look
good all right come on
let's go let's go everybody in the house
is sleeping including the dog daddy and
Haley Haley got in bed with us last
night tail is in his room
we've got a dog down there sleeping
chair
Oh in the little one seeing the time is
poor Mindy poor and there's another
puppy he's kind of too busy he's too
early isn't it did you get up a
cross-eyed hey guys good morning I'm
downstairs and I just took a shower and
mom picked me breakfast while I was
taking a shower I'm like a weight but
not weak I'm really tired
oh yeah so I'm really excited for the
meat/meat hungry that's why I'm eating
when he wants some pipers kind of up and
when he's begging actually by no one
else so he has six women barking because
live just Scott type of a client and so
you guys are gonna be bun I said so and
I hate things out
can I leave that in she likes the captor
felt like she scripts herself sometimes
yeah I don't like to say so
alright turn on the game perfect yeah
so again we are after me and I already
got a free headband and ovo wholly away
darn it that would've been awesome oh
but that one meet you got a free leo
that you haven't worn yet it was pretty
cool
remember the freely I know okay
nice guy hi leo I got aphelion trainer
yes Oh moving on okay and how you feel
are you nervous yeah it doesn't feel
like a me why can't it just like it's
big Reuben it's early in the morning
show let's show the bigger it is huge so
we got the bars way way way way down
here way and then wait the vault from
way over there you can even see it yep
barely there and utilize in the middle
and the beams are everything so I'm
gonna have to actually get out of my
chair to film you today because we will
notice easily you have to walk I know I
know I've dumb right now we're looking
at some food yeah to eat come on
my crew and dorita's better than hot
candies better than a hot guy
Shh marry me and my even when Eloise
we met some fans at me you do a lot
really
yeah there were like three people will
need to take a picture and photo bombed
you photo bombed up do you get their
name so you can say hi to them no no all
right people say hi hi whoever's nearly
say their name again okay can pick up Oh
much got the phone he's a autograph too
I thought it was one picture I went how
much she weighs 50 pound weight her last
night he's 33 powder only weighs 55
pounds he got that yeah she's a pound
but she was lighter than paper
yes well like all legs like way lighter
than Hydra just because she's small yeah
she's um he got package packs of heat
yes we have to oil away Briella
so can we show them afterwards yeah we
go do the right now they're not ready
because their their cell already been
used I think there's just little thing
in there yeah but we have to show yes
but that don't come to use mine you
enjoy them I shall shake wienie fridge
when he's gonna show the new trick she's
not coming I need you to see that you're
getting up come here come here
that's it she's already shake it just
automatic now
hybridize what about me hyper ibis I got
 okay sis make her do all of them it
make her work hard
Oh sitting ready already
when it's a girl y'all sit Winnifred
yeah
young yo way to print rubber pipe on
anger with some people over I just
squeezed my niece's the other a little
engine off I got cheap at me come here
sit back came out of nowhere
sit pretty sit pretty good girl all
right
she big my water boiling up now let me
put it in there yeah you can probably
the marina dear use over your fresh Gary
two three I'm you're gonna go first I'll
reverse the mirrors no idea to guess a
quadruple dog dare you to go first no
country then we're going to turn it off
no I don't do it fish you can do it
first
hang on Haley so what happens is once
they boil these all the all the gel gets
liquid again yeah and then there's a
little coin type thing in there that
they pop and what is it it's it sets up
a chemical reaction sizes as well it
sets off a chemical reaction with the
what's in it
oil and ya know so much salt water and
vinegar and it makes it heat up and how
long will stay hot we go to 130 minutes
3 4 5 30 to 45 minutes Whitney I mean
Liv babysitter's babysat money but now
she really wants a puppy and her mom
said if you get get fifty thousand
subscribers and she could have go and
subscribe I thought me too but just for
the record they've been talking about
getting a puppy for a while now and they
just weren't sure like when it was a
good time and so they said that we're
good that'll be a good time to get me
you just take Winnie I'll just take your
wing off okay okay
of up in $50 and March it worked it
worked it works mine are the pinkish
coin but they're really hot
are they hot likes me oh that's you that
Missy they're tickling and we'll show
you in a second when we can touch them
there's a little coin looking thing in
it that you might that you pops and
that's it man right now it's hot
it's that bad now you don't really need
to pump it cuz it's really hot hot hot
potato
they're called we need to quiet repeat
the heat just click it click he doesn't
click heat once oh those are different
rounds yeah though now they're ready
they're all cooled off you kind of threw
in the snow so they would cool off
faster but YouTube yes there's this coin
and you pop it the other way and as
you're the Austin comes so it's not
working there's a pin over there Nick
there goes other than it heats up no is
there a penny in there it's not a penny
it's what's going oh it's hot the heats
up I'm gonna sneak up on the girls
kisses room and they lock the door which
is not supposed to I'm gonna come and
use this thing to unlock and just shoot
them rock face okay yeah here we got for
me let me get ready
oh really hard put that pump get
whoo-hoo
first-person shooter mode all right oh
my gosh we just put that there
so yeah the world a better place because
of paper bags they definitely are
decorating to be of this huge it
apocalyptic scene theme scrapping the
doors easily lock right now it's not I
really hope you won't worry but as you
can see right there it's Thursday oh my
gosh did you see any running yeah no no
no burglary price oh and he just pushed
Haley there they are
okay door open keep an eye on them guys
you gotta help me out here they don't
see the camera hiding it really well
okay
this actually might be easier
I
mom they found me I was gone oh quit
annoying your sisters I'm not I had your
my have her here today while we were
gone
but what you had boy time that's me I
have to bug be Freddie other girl gun oh
it's it shoots for this oh that's right
battle rides the newest version of the
night guys for one of them you just had
a bullet fly out when leave your sister
alone
did they did they bug you today yeah
when they were gone and we're here to
bug you yes they did where's that people
full set oh I'll never again at that
those kissing what's up what's up dad
that again so we're playing um salon spa
thing with our names we have music per
se okay law Albuquerque so yeah but we
were doing our job packs and live put
them in the snow did coal mouth and just
you only found three and she lost one of
hers she can't find it and now we're
looking for it so that's what's
everybody else's I'm gonna do curse the
day which is what is your favorite thing
to do at a sleepover my favorite thing
to do is to play like what is it um not
wipeout what obstacle courses and time
and like sometimes pretend and make up
gymnastics teens
sue even hella coming up so don't forget
to calm down block room not perfect oh
okay and zarf ooh that's nice
hey jump in okay - what's your favorite
thing to do at a leap over oh I know
what play video games okay yeah I'm not
everything to you is stay up all night
and eat some candy horn oh I just might
could you find it no this is my second
one on my favorite thing for you is
being only playing around you really I
cut you off like you um look um watch
movies like and stay up all night and
today it's a great thing to do in a
sleepover bang tutorial let's turn the
lights off and just go started we shall
tell ghost stories
no we're gonna go get and then hand put
these on my feet hmm yeah we're going
downstairs should be fun
go downstairs but I'm getting a blanket
if we're going down say goodbye goodbye
oh no no hey leo
oh yeah yep Oh Leo thanks Hayley oh yeah
mm boss uh-huh what Brody said in um
next code because you know how it's Ola
he said hola Mexico I'm like no I sure
said Olaf Mexico
that's what it is Olaf Oh many Pro Mejia
along with whatever you guys are doing
tonight
yes well and here's the guilty one that
ate my gel packs yes what what is
actually in those salt water and vinegar
ah
database database
thanks for watching
Britt Ailey
