today for me I put my head in the air
like I don't care
good morning winner well it's not really
morning but when he's acting like it is
it's really 1:30 in the afternoon I say
bye oh sorry
Piper get your clothes up get your
clothes up ready for your close-up no
please I didn't cause you wanna party
you ever heard of those what or come as
you are caught party
so it's like a it's a surprise for your
friends like let's pretend it was
Piper's my friend your party you were
gonna surprise your friends so what you
do is you don't tell your friends you
tell your friends parents to have their
bags packed and it's like 8 o'clock at
night or 9 o'clock at night and you're
ready or your days over and you go what
they think their days over but you show
up at their house and they have to come
to your party as they're dressed so they
may not have like their hair done or
their makeup done they might be in their
pajamas and they have to come as they
are caught and it's a surprise party for
them so you go to each house and you
pick the people up the first person you
pick up you only have yourself but then
the next person you pick up you have two
people and then three people and then
you come up to your house and you have
ice cream and watch a movie or whatever
and they spend the night okay more of a
girl thing okay yeah your friends
probably wouldn't have their makeup on
him huh probably not Haylee than her
clothes from yesterday slash pajamas
slash clothes for today I'm going to get
change - Hayley has domestic today
surprise yeah you don't want to go
you know oh oh yes Kiptyn f6 tonight but
we can't mom I know how to like her up
like a child now she go to gymnastics
Oh nah she's that you missed gymnastics
on Tuesday cause of the snow I'm just
King I'm gonna go get a sticks
Kandi's home yeah I see them and lives
with her mom let's go watch out the dogs
are about to jump
hey papers look Ali didn't listen don't
let the dogs out unlock it
nice catch live I know it we are filming
and we saw you guys come on oh hi why
are you home I'm boom my car is actually
so going we weren't in any fun Oh bunny
daddy yeah you had to come say hi to the
pub wife ah so I just woke up from a nap
and I'm bout to do school but will mean
Winnie
she's just woke up learning that and
she's with me and my mom's about to take
hey Laci gymnastics and I'm here with my
dad Caleb Piper and money and I came
home from gymnastics early because I
have a meet early tomorrow and I'm just
buckling with my puppy she's been a very
sweet dog
so the me is like really really really
really really really really early in the
morning
and so I'm carpooling with Liv Katie and
not very happy about milling meat in my
arms getting tired so I'm into the
camera and doing my math test but this
done just Brianna Jill yep Haley has to
do all these math problems in five
minutes in five minutes I think you're
gonna go way faster than five minutes
you know what let me check the book
because now that I'm thinking about it I
think five minutes is way too long I
think this is more something you can do
in two or three minutes so let me find
out before you start that feasel don't
look no cheating
young ladies are you gonna be able to
concentrate with all this noise going on
we've got two dogs laying on the floor
squeaking toys and we have Annie and
loading a dishwasher how you unload a
dishwasher
wow that was loud three things yep just
as I suspected it was not fine I thought
it was fun it's three all right let's
put three minutes on the timer who's
doing who's in charge of the timer all
right
so can't cancel that that's five kitchen
timer all right Haley are you ready got
your page ready ready yeah are you set
yeah go
testin progress testing in progress
library this is this is a library right
now okay she's gonna do it finish it way
fellow man three minutes but are they
right Caleb you got to check the last
one he gets a check it ladies and
gentlemen
half the time oh sure classes yeah let
her double check your itto any chicken
check the level I wanna check it I never
get to check not mop down on and write
it
hey Anna Anna Anna in Indiana valina
shanky you did yesterday
Haley told me he's erasing no stop
he'd be mean okay yahzee very sick four
plus one fine Jake
three two zero three checks single to
five check double to for Jack Cooper
three four check jealous five six x okay
checking 100 yeah official this I'll do
that where's your happy dance where's
your I got a hundred dance wait
oh yeah that's right great again I
thought a damn it's been spiking the
football because I um that's not a
football ready one thanks hello
everybody today we brought you another
question the day and this giving
successful one thousand and one thousand
and one hundred and twenty first episode
of bratayley I think no one knows one
hundred Oh
1101 how do you know I was just on vert
eighty nine right now
no anyways pick the question today from
us from today box is ball ball down okay
go it is other ball mom anyways have you
ever had the same dreams over over again
what do you think where did this happen
oh wait yes we have no it's do it again
no no how long ago was it like month ago
exactly so we're doing it again cuz I
didn't get to answer it okay okay hey
Annie
om first so I had a fear of wolves when
I was at home because a Caleb and I
dreamed about it twice and Caleb every
time would run off without me and I know
it means that I'm scared of wolves
hmm Haley once
I dream he'll you guys need to be twice
yeah
I dreamed two times oh no three times
all right back there were spiders on me
every time since we had a fake spider
was it okay okay what do you think it
means
I saw the spiders yeah
Ann Ann is mean that she's scared of
werewolves and now I'm never touching
that red spider the cool red spider that
Kate killed had okay it is harm my turn
umm the dream I've had has actually
occurred more than once it has occurred
five times
hmmm yeah sorry dream we're going to
this water park right mm-hmm
when we get there it's abandoned mmm and
I'm with my dad none of you you guys are
dead and there's this mysterious I'm not
just another favorite green yeah that
comes up right just comes up it's always
different he's always wearing different
stuff and I read dream one time he's
wearing a red hat and a blue shirt next
time he's wearing a yellow hat and a
yellow shirt um and um so yeah he's what
it means
yeah and what he's always wearing a hat
a Nike hat and now we just go down the
waterslide cuz you know I mean wouldn't
you guys if you're in a band you know
think new Alice move and so I don't know
what it means I guess it means that I
want to keep my grill me go down water
water
okay everybody hold the hand we're going
back on don't blow cuz we wanna know
hook today's um have you ever had a
dream that you Jam just threatened
spring dreamed twice what do you think
it me oh babe I
thanks for watching
bratayley
