so everything was cancelled today except
for our school to their home school yeah
the times now they don't like home
school right yeah so before we start
homes ago we are going to go up and play
and we are all bundled up because last
year to do it a lot and we had like
jeans and Uggs and like these kind of
gloves and hats
nobody had a scarf not really big jacket
so now we are bundled cuz now we know
what to do let's hurry up zip up Caleb
we're waiting on you gay Kailas and snow
boots snow boots because we couldn't
find any in his size and up so I gave
him my snow boot now she has plastic
bags or so cheap never went and bought
us some real snow boots yeah but I think
my boy needs to have warmer feet all
right zip up let's go out the puppies
are gonna have so much fun oh you don't
have a glove on yet egg Roulette is no
longer got closed the door hey here
comes Caleb oh here comes Winnie we need
have out
hello day hmm they got fur she's
probably a little cold
hailey you won't get lost out here in
the snow they're so super bright like a
highlighter all right where's a good
spot for a snowman how's your plastic
baggies working for your feet I have
snow boots on my feet are cold but
they're dry clean up fourth Caleb yeah
that's true it's not snowing it's it's
snow coming off the trampoline Piper you
want to get up there
snowball bite you don't have the right
kind of gloves Wow Danny's the only one
that I couldn't find gloves for that's
good Winnie winner yourself bunny in the
snow
oh but alright how do you get off the
trampoline in the snow you don't know
it's not ten inches
Oh Piper Wow let me get off of you come
here I'll help you hey come here Piper
you guys stop that's cold
no he doesn't have a jacket on he
doesn't even know Annie all right we
should go find the puppy let's go on a
puppy hunt Winnie
where's Winnie she found her is she
hiding
or is she stuck let me see hey Winnie
what are you doing back there
come on oh nice job Piper come on win it
you can do it what if there's something
dead back there does it really smell oh
I smell it yeah that's true she could
have
channel she's trying to taste you Annie
ah the snow what is that Winnie alright
ready to go sledding
what kind of flooding should we call the
not gonna work very well you have to get
a push feet up guys coming it might once
we get back
alright good on the same track keep your
feet up there we go yeah and your hat
Danny what that wasn't very smart of it
is that ruined it give us be replays see
it's not ruined we're gonna send Winnie
down on the sled cuz win he never got
the right of passage down the slide
alright when
you've been wanting to ride this off for
balls inside the vehicle at all times
put it on the slide we got a stand down
here ready hilarious hi all right
Whitney down the slide she hasn't had
her her turn
it's her induction into the family it's
not the word yeah
run alright Winnie welcome to the family
okay me into the we're recovered now me
better we got a fight over here Haley
went in to get a hat because her hat got
dropped to the snow and the fun
continues oh poor Piper leave her alone
she's going in
you scared the dog in you are covered in
snow
are you cold how do you one-on-one
oh you're back Oh Caleb you already
tested that swing you were the guinea
pig completely you're like sliding off
the sled gotta get your booty on it fine
you could just lift your legs up it's
like your ski lift Danny hope it's not
gonna like break yeah but a while since
we tested it ready all right let me do
this real quick and make sure Kayla
doesn't run into this again
thorn he's gonna rip his jacket yeah I
know last year I was like oh we don't
need to buy snow gear just to like come
out and play every once while they were
cold and freezing and I said okay fine I
promise to buy it for next year and I
did and I'm like we're not even gonna
get to use it cause it probably won't
snow yeah it snowed
Piper having so much fun out here a
beard yeah
you haven't fine aren't you that other
puppy went inside Oh Piper you hit the
swing like a snow zombie this is not a
waterproof camera okay let me just
snapped
oh I'm not gonna dry it all off you know
Piper get him he's trying he's trying to
help you do why did until you got all
rude are you I'm cold
yeah the cold out here again you come
home snake-like Oh what's a little bit
more snow on you
I know Piper is playing yeah that hats
not going on your head anymore today you
saw that we were outside playing and um
put a fine gotta say so fine cool
anyways um well it's finally had to go
in which it's really really sad because
I didn't want to go in but um we had to
go in and now do school but we got hot
chocolates it was pretty cold outside
but now I've got hot chocolate in my
stomach and now I've got to learn in my
stomach
brain brain like no make sense ok
don't worry guys we'll see you after
we're done doing school or probably
maybe sometimes I don't know sometime
maybe when we're doing in the middle of
doing school like a lunch something
anyways I'm
so me Jamie in the bathroom getting
ready and right now Hannah's putting
some lotion on I'm doing my hair I have
oh yeah she has a little rash so she's
put in some lotion on so anyways we are
getting ready to see spongebob out of
water
yay because it's really long what is it
sponge I don't know what it is so sorry
if you got it wrong but we're both gonna
I think I might either do a ponytail or
picked a little bit
ha and here where they're watching it so
now I chose a ponytail and I have a knob
on this one this Bowen hopefully I'm
showing you some of it here I can't
reach go Cinderella clean that coral
Hayley ones we can't Haley did follow
the snow
nice job
you excited or something yeah
so we're going to sneeze
Hey
call the sprinkler everybody come on
ready to go sandy come on what kind of
spongebob fan are you
we're going home it's she's got a
spongebob fan that's the move you really
want to see wow it's cute
ready here we go I'm gonna get a wrestle
anybody want some gay in two years some
water I mean I think it's free when it's
just sitting out here right now with
free movies concessions and rated E for
Everyone this is what you do in a
theater that's empty
hey guys I'm Brian and welcome
oh the Maze Runner Annie
baked potato baby
thanks for watching
Britt Haley
