today I'm bikini why do you want to do
that one gymnastics and the video wasn't
uploading and now it's going and my
mom's freaking out about it today I've
spent all day
well not all day but for the last three
hours I've been fighting with this
computer yeah we tried our it's going we
tried our hot spots
oh don't know what so much happiness
going on inside of me right now anyways
it's gonna go take us your video the
weather so let's just go into the
whether the a long time ago the
weatherman predicted a bunch of snow but
that never happened they were predicting
it again to full tonight it's gonna snow
overnight and right now it has snowed
all she can't bark at the snow all night
oh yeah please don't pay for supplies
has grown yet snow right now yeah it's
already started to come down
so where's predicted to get 5 to 10
inches of snow overnight this is
leftover snow from the other day though
but we're supposed to get more is it
coming down in it yeah so we'll see if
the weather men are right this time last
time the weather men were not right
things weren't canceled like they
predicted I stood in line today at the
grocery store for 35 minutes to pay for
groceries so that just in case we are
snowed in tomorrow that you guys can
have food in your tummies you're welcome
you're welcome you're welcome
yes Annie oh you got a pause to the face
no no please don't
it's got 30% this is the farthest we've
got me guys usually our uploads take
like 10 minutes flat earlier I said 434
minutes Wow you're going the wrong way
yeah no we were gonna go and hang out in
the comment section and reply to
comments to this new video tonight I had
it all planned
yes Brent come on yeah well you got to
make an announcement like it's cheesy
wait tweet it or Instagram it I'll be in
charge of that yeah we haven't replied
to comments in a long time so I thought
that would be fun not really
I'm confused you're so confused because
you changed our mind so we are going to
eat before we respond to comments hands
because the video it was catching up and
now it like literally and it didn't like
it was it's not really slowing down it's
actually like I was at like 20 minutes
and now it's going at 21 22 23 24 Genaro
away yeah on a menu we have steak right
it's not chicken right
every meat chicken put the pork it's
chicken if at stake it's chicken if it's
box for me it's chicken what rewards
with us talk about that every time we
got pork and would say that is the best
chicken we've ever had highs of steak
great
and mashed potatoes but Annie didn't
want any
so we scraped him off today or tonight
the question of the day is gonna be high
low and how you play high-low to all
those new subscribers out there is um
you take of the day like the whole day
today that we just had just want this
witnessed everyone just witnessed this
day of another day that we just counted
down until the end of the earth anyways
what no anyways so yeah how high-low
works is you take you take the high in
the low from the day which is the
highest your favorite part like the best
part and the low is the least favorite
part and the one who made you cry
anyways um okay I've got one some on
high is that mean Katie had a gooda
sleepover and my low is that it's going
to snow a lot tonight and gymnastics
might be canceled mine might snow I met
her domestic baby cancel that we're
eating this time this day we get to eat
and there's the very thankful although
you know that's really sad cuz there's
five kids out there who don't get to eat
so we shouldn't make jokes bad mommy was
it cold outside
yeah did you come back in after like 20
seconds so hurt your high is that you
had to play outside with your friends
for 20 seconds
then they got all bundled up I was
fighting with trying to get the video
uploaded so that's why none of that was
filmed but I was funny yeah I got into a
fight with a computer my high is dad oh
yeah yeah the cinema sale is that we got
to go play of my friends I actually made
her longer than Haley but my lowest is
that we didn't get to be out there so
long because it was freezing so after we
eat we are going to comment on some
videos so don't forget to comment down
below if you want to know the question
the day is I love my niece he's my oh my
gosh that arrived so I know we already
said goodbye but we wanted to make it up
to you that the video didn't go up today
that we are going to comment on our
newest video the shout out video of the
egg Roulette and we've got a post on
Instagram so people know because um by
this minute when this video comes out
hopefully will won't have any more
internet cop problem so selfie of all
three of you baby
okay I can you shake a picture of me
throwing my food plug in there we go
but taking a picture right now so
yeah we have to like Dylan had to be
done well you get shorter
he's trying she's too short trust just
okay how many pictures it takes to get a
good selfie we are not professional
selfie takers this something that would
have taken that's it that's the picture
you guys now know the story behind this
picture
I need 50 cause Caleb's first dance with
a girl
yeah that's true you've danced with your
sister Piper you won their breakup the
girl fighting stop it stop fight girl
just playing oh hey let's open up on
your knees like that dude hey good news
the videos processing yeah it's like
it's uploaded it's just got a process
that was so stressful
see how stressed I get when our videos I
don't normally get too stressed but that
one was stressful because they said it
was gonna take 4 hours and it was our
internet that I was help like if we were
in the hotel I wouldn't be stressed so I
just feel like I talk to myself
sometimes yeah sometimes I say things
war for the camera to hear then for you
guys to hear yeah yeah I talked to the
camera a lot really embarrassing for
dessert for dessert the caption we
should totally do that for even -
totally what are the rack eggs I'm Katie
and Ellie okay whoa whoa whoa I'm
already getting a pie in my face Oh
oh yes I can
okay hi can you make more tutorials on
you here on after Anakin I cannot do
can you not read Annie do you need to go
to the eye doctor you were awfully close
to the computers answer though can you
read it yes then why were you getting so
close I can't I cannot it's just a
little better I'm just making sure I can
read we should do a morning routine
though when you guys get up in the
mornin morning people
I love you guys and your video your
videos so much I have been watching
since the very beginning Jesus Wow Ellie
what Billy
ily she said guys doesn't know that
internet slang and I love you and it
would mean only guys Illinois you should
start walking around and say whoa spaz
Matic why do you want to do that one so
my world the world it would mean the
world
based on baby
thanks for watching
Britt Haley
