today I'm Bailey how did you get on 495
awesome good morning so I just have
cinnamon rolls
oh yeah actually it's cinnamon and last
night I made this for live for the meat
so cuz I have a meet today and it's not
till later but I drew her a minion and I
said Stevie says banana aka good luck
and now I'm gonna keep drawing stuff
okay
I don't know what I should draw hmm
Piper just showed you how to open the
door they called out here when you're
Wolfie
you're standing on my feet what's coming
in hard oh so just like every meet you
douche my hair but it's soap spray my
back I sprayed your back well your backs
tingly
well that back hair you go you got
dangly back neatly back here that's
kinda gross
what is Lea she doesn't have any back
hair I'm just right here here's one yeah
it's called how do you feel about your
meet about your hair oh good nervous a
little Matt le not really he completely
ready
oh you're fertile at this game yeah
what's your what are your goals for this
meet handstand
and stand on bar okay got your bar go
what's your beam goal stick my dismount
okay floor um finish my friend
handspring yeah she didn't finish her
front handspring the other day at
practice and I landed on that back
somewhat he good idea
um bulk half get my steps right cuz
lately it's good I like have a really um
close went to the table really far away
from the table and and perfect I'm
perfect okay
and guess you didn't brush it out very
well
Oh mommy's using like home daddy
ah so ladies over here doing a lot of
fun stuff you're such an entertaining
dog their heads so heavy I don't have to
pick it up I think it's funny to she's
up there and tighten it down here that
is Piper's chair like where you got your
chair stolen that's the other place they
like it's right there and right there
Robert popper did you can use with your
chairs Dolan bye bye bye that might yeah
that baby might you got you you got your
ham stolen my star head up a little here
you go this is the hardest part getting
the part right these are the hardest
part you know one part right getting
this what everybody know from the front
yeah how's that look good huh not very
even do you think it's my night
she means because it shoots off to the
side and stuff for example I got your
bangs over so that when you take your
braids down it won't be all the stuff
that's so used to going that way it
would be like funky I'm gonna see it I'm
gonna see what happened when she does
that
no I am Oh care expand into a fin now
you guys have seen it what happens when
we get ready for a meet hmm now we just
start braiding up undo what happened I
got dirty all right give me a hug good
luck I do good fun no nothing
warm-up - we're going to look at all it
now
nice to come over to me you're like how
you how you feel nice got some bling
okay in the city hi tell them what
happened
don't you be quick what did you get on
for at 19
and Annie is going to take a fifth out
of nine six seven five I believe right
or nine six and you guys did awesome
your pores rocks
geez anyway so we're out here okay oh
okay to the rear uh Annie from Stricker
okay dancer there okay I dare you to go
out there and shove your hand in one of
those chairs no that's what it is oh I
got a feel for the door put in there
whatever the candle
well me steer
such an open bed ha ha okay okay I'm
gonna do that no no no no you have to go
know it all ready girl you guys should
rip the bathrooms are so fancy the
bathroom yeah
okay oh no no I kissed and open I like
this but you'll have to go you'll have
to go check out a moose channel to see
that because she filmed it yeah if you
want to see her kids a fat to that head
right there you better go toss that one
and one else into fat oh and he's
wearing like a speedo my wrestler and if
you want to see me a jelly bean in the
bottom you gotta go check out her
channel i have a channel i shouldnt have
a channel yeah we'll work on that
thank you should be your channel yeah
such a be your title of your channel
thanks miss 9.95
yeah they couldn't even take a tenth
away from you
so we're hacking we like stole the
camera yes today no II didn't
okay no we did it
sure people seriously only one of us is
hey am i don't make old one fireball a
magic
oh now we're going good night we'll have
to Ariel Ariel oh my gosh oh my gosh
okay
No
and ice-cream as an ogre let's go
let's go home I don't care what hey guys
so um the question of the day is what is
your favorite um like surprise what is
the biggest surprise you ever had um
I've got to say uh probably Riley
because um
why are those surprises because my
parents both said that we had to go to
baseball today the woman pick her up and
I sure didn't know and so yeah they told
me that we had to go baseball I was like
oh like that just like that actually and
so we get in the car and we're like no
not very foreign to the Dakar right my
dad's like you know we're not really
going baseball right I was like what and
he's like yeah I just decided to ditch
Japan your mom and how the sisters we're
just gonna go out to have a good town I
was like whoa things like no I'm just
kidding no he didn't that happened
anyways um yeah he was like no one get a
new dog and I was like dad need lessons
over I just said and then he was like no
really
and that's when we got Riley to surprise
I cried no I didn't didn't cry I'm not a
crier guys I'm to bring a man so do eyes
um don't forget to comment down below
because we want to know the question
that it is what is your what is the
biggest prize you've ever had hey guys
you can probably see you in there that's
Amira dommage
some twin um and I mean Ames home and
just romant
and the question of the day is what is
your biggest surprise probably when um
we got um Riley when we got Riley that
was big surprise yeah so that's the
question of the day
calm down below but we want to know what
the question that day is what is your
biggest surprise so um we are home and I
got into my PJs and everybody else has
done the questions that you and I'm
going to ask for something which is when
are we gone to Riley that was the
biggest surprise and today we went to a
Japanese Steakhouse so yay and yeah
don't forget to calm down blocks you
another question today is what's the
biggest surprise I think now you see
tomorrow
baked potato baked potato
thanks for watching
Britt Ailey
