thirty seconds left all right over there
yeah we should
so thank you so we are Jimmy just got
done with that and you got a Bible she
said yes to Jesus
officially I never knew that you could
watch Churchill online yeah she's
leaving soon so I can watch it online
now you can't make it I can't make it so
how would you think the school is
amazing is amazing yeah and that music
is very different there than at a
Catholic Church cool yeah I wish we
could like I know wish we weren't late I
know no wonder like that day like it's
hard sub-cabinet it's like there boy I
don't I be like sitting in my car
okay yep so much I can learn from every
week I know I wanna come every day we
found some puppies oh my god bye thank
you
okay so right la finding the cutest dogs
we can find look this is a this is our
goal for today yeah okay Andy if you
could see one dog what would it be let's
see if we see it massive massive and
just wanna see little dogs
no I won't see about a boxer oh my gosh
yeah well that's a possibility there's
another one
it's a is it V GLE y'all this is insane
oh look how cute I love that that's a
birthday present so you love your
birthday yesterday now that you slept on
it and your most fun kind of surreal is
amazing amazing like we're really in a
circle
this is my party at your party yeah
alright guys so we're gonna go walk
around and show you guys a little bit of
LA so see what la looks like we found
another one guys our goal is to find the
cutest dogs is it a boy or a girl
she's a girl Oh what's her name Isis
that eye color I see I see okay we found
another puppy do you think people think
we're creepy that word alright guys it's
another puppy here we go he is so sweet
what's his name oh my gosh okay you're
the winner cutest dog we've seen so far
what number we have sixes six dogs that
week okay we've seen other ones oh yeah
dogs okay Finn was the cutest he went
yeah definitely
alright guys so we're done there's
really not much to do on the street
where we park so we're just gonna go
back and what's next Annie we're gonna
work work out because she works a cardio
because they have to train for
gymnastics good I'm gonna do ABS what
did they want to do abs gave me yard to
say that they're gonna be ready hello
all right so head it back it was a good
morning good afternoon and see you later
transition me transition me hey ma NAR
being so bad right now parents are gone
and I'm babysitting and they're crazy
they're acting worse I'm Haley you're
insane you're not jumping off the stairs
Annie okay y'all let's go to the gym
your craziness
yeah Annie quit you're gonna make me
nervous no come on Annie come on come on
hey you need to go get something from
over there right there go get it in the
bathroom we're going to the gym but
Annie doesn't want to go yeah
Paley's back how was it hmm
can't handie eating worthy help yourself
Haley
alright so we're all here all of us and
we're getting ready to go to whose house
are we going to technically Shawn and
Andrews or Matt Rebecca's Sean and
Andrews but think the dogs not here yes
Brittany do our puppies we are all in
puppy withdrawals what Annie I am
vlogging here no she was Christmas
shopping earlier and she made me finish
it while she left her jog out oh you
went to church this morning what did you
go we got a rap was present I was
invited to church but they told me like
30 minutes before they were about to go
and I wasn't ready okay we can go next
week
melago okay tsunamis mom's ever heard I
show us the outfit you didn't give her
the greeting that pages gave her they
were twinning she spent the he got
himself a little bit of a tangle there
all right so that's what we're about to
do we're gonna head out of here soon
wrapping some presents and eating snacks
we're gonna eat dinner first
- I think cuz I'm sure everybody's
hungry alright stay tuned
SiC what oh we're doing a challenge stay
tuned
sorry I didn't know I do that so well
here's the problem this is what happens
a lot of the time sometimes I turn the
camera off too soon and somebody says
something funny and then sometimes I'd
leave the camera on too long and it gets
boring
you're cute page four how many there's
five girls with stuff in that room she's
got a look at herself in the mirror a
million times I guess they're doing
telling secrets secrets don't make
friends all of us in an elevator it's
our whole crew going out to dinner and
all great again Wow we don't like color
around here yes can be coming from this
yes
oh all right we're going to California
Pizza Kitchen correction we're in and
out because the wait was too long
California and the problem is this place
is crazy so we can't find a table but I
did find a Haley so we making it to go
and then we're gonna go eat never gonna
head out to Shawn and Andrews there's no
seats so I think we're going to go eat
at the house Paige is out there stalking
tables right now do you see her do you
guys see her look look how cute she is
Paige in her natural habitat habitat
no luck Paige everybody stalks tables
around here
you got any quick page we got a slide in
because you don't want to be rude and
like stand there but you also want to
make sure that you get the table and no
one else does uh-huh
so you can almost have to like stop
people like secretly I'm not ashamed
what Annie do Paige thinks we should
just eat right here
there's no table but why not but Annie's
like now the pom young even Yammer
you give just people watch I love people
watching sorry got you and your yawn
yeah you know watch bleep
you do know it's handicapped but we can
sit there and we can move if needed
right Haley's got it I know everybody's
always waiting I thought you had it what
you do y'all let's start placing bets
comment down below if you think we're
gonna get a table or not get a table and
eat at the house oh those people just
got up go go go hey let go you guys
think we're gonna end up finding a table
or walking to the apartment and eating
you think we're gonna buy a table I like
the way you think Annie focus on me and
get your head out of your phone oh hey
are we gonna end up getting a table or
are we gonna have to walk company day
Mia what do you think I think you think
we're gonna end up walking home I got a
wish soon as our food gets here we uh
make a decision you don't think we'll
find a table look what we got we got one
table
slide on in my friends like that we just
need another table one more table
no you're gonna yeah it's okay oh you're
just eating at the use delavane yo the
jalapeno jalapeno Halep payment you're
two feet oh my gosh girls they all
turned around
hey we're gonna be a Shawn and Andrews
in a second doing
we never announced what challenge this
was it's something about eating a hot
and spicy chip yes your page was doing
it are you doing it
no you're passed out it's already stay
tuned because it'll be on under shot at
Andrews - yes so stay tuned you know hey
Annie make yourself comfortable
how do you feel that you're in charge
Johnson's house how do you feel are you
just trying to hold it in we're in
Sean's Sean's um we used to call her
Shawn Johnson now when we just callers
John Byrne you still call her miss
Johnson hi Shawn who'd you say bhai
Shawn Johnson
miss Shan feel like I'm not gonna talk
to her
roll it out girl all that gymnastics
you've been doing I know
good job you know so I don't think I
think you guys are just watching the
challenge but we're gonna make fun of
page and then they're gonna go check the
video out I don't know when it'll be up
but you know with page watch be like a
pro math gonna catch you oh this tire
was spinning
like Tony Hawk girl I know we had normal
yeah that is the craziest thing Matt's
gonna go buy one what
that's legit before we do the challenge
we're playing some werewolf aka mafia
right they're teaching us this is like a
child it's slightly different than mafia
okay don't show each other
Hayley don't look is it totally a trial
run just to learn how to play anything
we're calling it looking are you a
werewolf I have to put your cards out
because what's gonna happen is make some
noise and you are gonna be able to
switch
like what they say right that we're
gonna play I gotta concentrate guys okay
we're making noise here we go where
there was only one werewolf you may look
at a card from the center what do I do
now please still have rights loose
minion we've got werewolves sticking
your thumb so that I mean you can see oh
my gosh I just got way more confused
okay wish us a lot guys will be in the
other one she go now it is a minion
that's why she's trying to get us to
vote and I say who I actually was that
no I was troublemakers did you switch
you switch to cards right I don't know
what you guys saw you are I think it's
one two three four okay flip it don't
wear well these are the chips guys these
fools some of these fools they're not
all fools but some of these fools are
about to do this
are you about to do this are you
chickening out high feeling Rebecca
how you feelin are you ready to eat that
chip she liked the game that werewolf
games wants to play again
how you feeling that you ready yeah why
you feeling okay I'm nervous to watch
you guys honestly you guys you guys stay
tuned
shawne's channel just to reminder where
are they going Sean Channel right
yeah when about Saturday what's today
Sunday so a little okay so it won't be
up go subscribe to Sean's channel so
that you guys can see these fools eat
these chips I'll give you a little
behind-the-scenes but I don't want to
give too much away
so mr. Chris is in now Rebecca's gonna
win hey the kids are voting for you
their money's on you the win they they
are about to start
these girls are having their own
challenge over here I'll get you a spoon
I'll get you a spoon
oh they're all gone all right it's ice
cream and we're the smart ones over here
I mean we're good we got this we just
saved in there so that's a plus there
sweating already I feel funny
okay guys this camera is going bye-bye
good luck guys good luck
oh there's a timer on y'all you really
gotta watch this video I believe it was
worse than everybody thought but I don't
want to show what's going on
so yeah one way back here they were it
was it was intense for a little while
we're back at it for playing some more
wearable
three oh my gosh that was so much fun
why is the hair we met Matt Little Jimmy
again we need supplies these girls are
like done an all-nighter heck they're
getting on a plane really early in the
morning so they're thinking about just
staying all night I'm staying up all
night no Haley need to go to sleep
because she had a long sleep over no I
think we have a drive home and I think
kids are probably gonna fall asleep and
then not be in the mood let's do a
question the day now what's your
favorite board games yes he played an
amazing game
that's yours no one with werewolf where
werewolf werewolf really I would've
thought you said would say werewolf
you're going with clue like you don't
like werewolf why I felt so sad after
everyone is a confusing McKenzie what's
your favorite board game game of life I
love that Mia now it was fun whoa
but there was this one I play with my
cousins that was really fun I don't know
okay it's just a question yeah they're
so tired not a little was it going Billy
favorite board game Clue mr. Chris
war game I'll go with sorry what is it
called with the marble things
oh the marble the one's a big boy the
marble and Marylyn take that marbles and
you go to the next little oh they
started mm oh no I know what you're
talking about now my dad my mom
yeah if you can figure if you can figure
out what we're talking about comment
down below and we'll see you tomorrow
guys we're gonna be sad these girls
won't be well thank you guys for coming
you're welcome best of bratayley
remember to celebrate life
based on database
thanks for watching
Vitaliy
