Janee do g is he ever notice and forever
I'm so pumped
well student I for what Amy welcome to
egg Roulette 2.0 we are throwing it to
Jersey egg roulette which we've already
done before but it was very fun and the
shadow goes to my friend Olivia she just
got a new YouTube channel and to go
subscribe just click here ok guys so we
have a total of 12 eggs 4 or raw and 8
or hard boy
so as you can see a bunch of eggs right
yeah you do you ever gets the raw eggs
and cracks it on your head is out so we
keep going until one person is standing
no raw egg another thing before we start
once you touch an egg that's the APU
after crack on your head got it guys ok
we just watch it she was like she's like
I hope this one's wrong I hope this is
on I look she's like it's going to be
hard for the past I didn't know how
you're supposed to
hey roots out to girls for me wait I've
got a question if you're the last person
standing do you have to get her on Eddie
nope ow that hurts so bad okay parboiled
not raw Hey
yeah yeah you're a gal hard and II just
like how do you know oh you can feel it
no okay so we know their tumor right so
we're all back in round four one four
two four two point one to point one okay
a lot of point game - round one yet
last one one more rowing who's got it
go ahead there's some lucky okay hold
it's gonna be one of these this
shout-out is for 750,000 subscribes and
we are going to be doing a shout out
video every 50,000 subscribers so for
800,000 subscribers we are going to put
makeup on my dad thanks for a million we
are going to shove a pie in my mom steak
we're just going to be very classic so
make sure you subscribe right now
because we probably won't be doing a
shout out video every 15,000 after
million yeah yeah we'll still do shadows
and you're over pushing for a million so
if you want to see us do our dad's
makeup then you guys have to subscribe
now and fight you I meet all of you
every single one you gotta tell your
friends subscribe you gotta tell your
friends friends subscribe you got to
tell your friends animals describe you
got to tell your friends turtle
subscribe we don't care just subscribe
oh so if you want to be eligible for the
800,000 shut up idea within comment
daddy's makeup maybe won't pick you so
come down below what you guys want us to
do for 850,000 scribers anybody long ah
baked potato babe thanks for watching
Britt Ailey
