today I'm detailing so we can take all
those time traveler from bikes time for
what can you eat hello so we are having
a Valentine your child a party I'm going
to okay whatever when she has a wait
what what does it say used to meet on
you hey Bella shanty
Machado head back very knowledge in our
mail yelling right there's a man there's
a lane here's when okay so I'm gonna
touch um put the camera on YouTube and
you guys until go and um YouTube YouTube
user okay I so Pina and Amanda have a
YouTube so they're gonna tell you what
it's called me online
okay sit go into today okay
what about you - Oh Annie later
what's yours
okay yeah subscribe don't drip it on my
pretty Valentine tablecloth that I
picked up thank you is like a ritual we
telephone well dessert comes have you
guys seen what's for dessert yet yeah
the argh mom made a delicious food but I
think it's my brain
three horns or crazy
what is the inside a strongbox cream
serum a sheet it's a cup of cream
otherwise or also called like amazing
pulse are they gonna eat a thing out the
house would you like cheese or something
a number get happy Valentine's Day yeah
and how about you Stevie
oh yeah mmm delicious miss okay I'm
gonna go eat mine now all party's over
he'll know it's school time yeah like
wow what is that cute computer that like
Haley computer but you don't have a cute
smile Friday
oh hello see that I got a low overhead
sorry
Saginaw why my hey that's a new angry
face that's everybody
that's angry elephant hurt her bunny
faces like the bunny face it's like no
all right and we do got one you know and
just don't like to you and your anything
all right it's cool tonight look at how
cute you girls are right
it's the homeschool setup smoothie no
Miranda she does she does you see the
lipstick yeah well you wear the lipstick
tomorrow yeah Oh cute uh haters gotta
haters she does have some haters out
there why hey little bud right there
good lucky you just block the camera
good luck at 3:00 tomorrow I said it I
told her you're welcome an editor I said
it first
waters in my company look at all the
things with peanuts cubby oh it's empty
nine years ago for Cudi's the software
of my mouth I use like four cubbies
alright let's go home got me tomorrow
alright you did help you not good luck
I'm in seafood yeah we are in the car
and we're listening to radio well not
really the rodeoats my mom's bluetooth
and I put on to a song I really like my
five favorite songs
it's your hands um by JJ Heller a ladder
um
dancing in the sky body Dan and Lizzie
oh yeah
night changes by one direction take me
to church by hozier and this one was the
fifth one and I don't know what it's
called but it's like
finding it hard boys we're in heaven
whatever I know you undertook that one
but I don't know who that's by well I
think it's a remake very like I said all
that Google that's what I think Bryan
Adams what's the original singers I like
the girl singing yeah back I almost curb
yeah sorry how's your blender usually
annoyed you guessed it me
if you're wondering mainland Li not even
filming her oh yeah she cute Riviera's
all hey he's like a broken record so
anyways yeah funny funny funny channel
your inner hey guys so as you can see we
are on the road and is about four
o'clock in the morning and um work on
it's four o'clock in one we're orally or
literally wakers no in at 8 o'clock at
night it's 8 o'clock at night guys that
was walking um anyways so today my mom a
mom you want to show you yo the shower
no not my fault
rifle yeah do we were not camera ready
we are going to eat at place and why
it's just me and my mom oh my gosh mom
where are they did we lose them no I'm
invite them
some press okay one of them better if we
lost in many ways oh so yeah as you can
see they're not back there it's a
multiple-choice question or like true or
false one it's because they got eaten by
alligators - it's because my mom didn't
invite them and because she wanted a
little town Caleb which one one one oh
you my boy
okay so yeah because my mom I thought to
herself
I'm just making this up as go okay um
she was singing herself you know I
always think out the girls - got to go
like gymnastics and stuff so now I'm
gonna go take up the boys you I found
Mike yeah uh and uh and my inner
thoughts
so like that yeah yeah I know for me I
can't
I've got like super powers um so yeah
we're gonna be going to that place
because being you again you like just
call me kid yeah well I'm 12
hahaha anyway so yeah another awesome
new thing better than the first one is
flash we we made it to seven hundred and
fifty subscribers thousand and a
thousand that's like how should I put
this
like that's three slices of pizza the
pie out of four and four is a million
yes we have three slices and we gotta
get that four slice the fourth slice so
we can take all those toys just come a
little tikes Wow
are you excited about that no um so yeah
we've really got to get that fourth
piece of pie and what kind of pie do you
think you want I have a really slide
think okay it's okay mom
okay you got to think inner thoughts out
I want one I like like a lemon meringue
guy or a chocolate some kind of like
chocolate with whipped cream on top that
would be nice okay so chocolate whipped
cream on top okay so not so castles hi
cherry pop I like all kinds of I didn't
go buy her the broccoli pie I'll have
cheese on it you know still I rock
better with cheese I know and hi wait Oh
broccoli no no not I'm thinking out loud
I'm anyways so that's what goes in but
I'm thinking out loud after it goes in
out in my mind like I'm like I talked to
myself I'm like it yeah that no not that
sorry okay if you talk to yourself I'm
just bad when you start answering
yourself
I know the answer in my soul shine she's
on desk oh um anyways so yeah 750,000
subscribers and we got hit a million and
then we got hit two million then we got
hit you know you go down hard then we
got hit five million and then we go like
yeah we have a party in the house when
we had three seconds so by Henze or the
house when you wrap up all night is
dialing down and the dogs are fighting
over bone yeah they're not settling down
but yeah it's 10th question the day
questions that I picked from the Box I
don't know and it is what is your
favorite thing to do that doesn't cost
money
all right so it's thinks I've been
gotten to think about them hmm nastic
sat home yeah okay what about you
watching video where's your watching
videos no watching videos cost money no
does that buy the computer but oh so
we're going like that we have to buy the
house to do gymnastics why let's let our
man a big chain Oh
can't don't they're watching TV Tarver
stop don't say that easy be like wasn't
so me I was like filming your chin okay
moving on to camera I got houses good
this is cost money
goodbye I know it does it is what you
insane
it came with the house bye okay look
what about you fire because it takes you
warm when you're told okay I knew
another dancer but okay we'll go with it
um um I remember I'm all I have a great
one punching my family oh really
uh um how about time with my fam like a
sauna you can't
Oh breaking into a circus okay so he's
not gonna give the proper answer so
don't forget to calm down below it's
moving another the day is what
is your favorite thing to do that
doesn't cost money by base birthday baby
thanks for watching
Britt Ailey
