today on detailing where's the spatula
tie for what Amy hey guys so I am pumped
to go to jannat our media towards and I
have work where it's good for them
like I'm where to start and long long
long long long long long
I'm I'm having a good dude but I'm
forgot to do my papers because I was
supposed to rip them out and I know I
respect to rip them out yeah back up and
get little fel or recess I didn't get
done with some of my worksheets b-but
I'm doing some as I go to gymnastics
bursaries is way harder think it it got
a little kindergarten I need more work
mean we're we're clean I need I have
worked in do you 58 a bit more work yeah
yeah
a lot more classes and worksheets that
today I had so many classes like there
was eight eight o'clock so Haley I are
home from gymnastics and today he only
got a gymnastics report part the only
thing she has to work on is shoulder
flexibility so I'm gonna help hers and
yours if you need it but never mind her
suitcases got like half on Pat what and
thank you for that announcement Andy
giveaway she just said never mind that
were pay no attention basically to the
half Pat bratayley half unpacked I say
oh you're gonna show us four exercises
to help shoulder flexibility Nadine I
okay ready Hayley all right we're gonna
work on your shoulder flexibility really
really you waving weed away the fun game
come on with me Wendy come here tell me
already
she September all right Hayley you got
to see if you can do any of these I
don't want to take this off you can keep
it up okay so see what should i do first
my first gonna do example brick
yes so you just Kansa here break and I'm
gonna help your shoulders go um farther
than your hands okay okay okay
see if you can do that she's had a
scrolling cuz she had fashioned gymnast
plate I don't know red jumper yeah and
oh okay good that's pretty good your
kind of girl still show you your shape
Haley shape is this you need to get your
shoulder right here and still good and
push him this way
do you see what you just did yes what'd
you do all right okay but she's helped
you trying to give you some pointers get
more flexible over your hand push this
way that's better
all right that's the first part oh yeah
is can you come over here and we're
gonna do this
oh yeah I know this I'm gonna put my
head through here can you get up here
yeah here's what um we do at my past
exponent we cut this in my clothes I
like to do it in this on your knees like
up up like lepa okay oh good when you
need to touch your elbows or put your
shoulders on bars do you want them to be
like the high nope
so yes it Oh winny just win it okay
we're exercising we're stretching okay
good all right that's stretched - okay
nice Hayley
ah my bruh wasn't you were betting right
there the other life is it's called cat
stretch all the way you do okay do it
with her okay you can see if you can
what her back
you're not crap her back does it yeah
don't push hard because she's only six
there yeah so you need your knees like
now and you press this like that and
then yo man that feel the stretch
feeling here damn yes no you need up and
then arch are you don't know up yeah
very ago he like and you should feel it
I'm gonna climb yeah okay oh yeah yeah I
know the one bridge up on your elbows
yeah I don't know if Haley can do that
one that advanced okay let's let her
show you put your arms behind your head
grab your elbows and shoulders do ten
rocks that looks like it hurts
I know all right Haley let Annie help
you return so you don't hurt your neck
all right Annie helpers I shouldn't hurt
her neck you might want to move her this
way all right mover this way a little
bit more so that when she does go yeah
now if you can bridge up all right watch
your neck
so yeah like you were you guys don't try
this at home by yourself have somebody
help you you're sure you're gonna go
over here and your hands gonna touch the
floor so your head doesn't touch the
floor you need to put your chin in okay
which push-up good not there good one
there you go there you go there you go
now just some rocks you gotta do try to
do three rocks since you probably can't
stay up as long three oh is it
stretching it all oh seven all right
well you get the point because you saw
Annie do it
nice job Haley all right left me hanging
couldn't give me five so Haley say what
is Winnie doing diaper she's like
sitting on top of her Batman she was
funnier than that time you got tired see
if it got better from those stretches
I'm gonna get him that yeah he's not
let's see if coach Danny's work is done
here
it won't be complete one day you need to
do these all the time what would you
suggest how often she should do it once
a day all right Haley let's see it show
us your prettiest bridge okay Annie go
yeah
no matches she slipped on her hair hey
hey again remember Maury come on you can
do it
yeah let your head but your neck dangle
she does need some shoulder baby good
Haley all right we know what we need to
work on that's why you're struggling
with your kick over
daddy yeah are you gonna help me out
with your small business hit licks right
like straight hi - with your hands down
head stand turn nope it actually starts
out
oh yeah are you ready to the family what
Oh rich but a bridge I know you said
wait anji drunk okay right
alright you want to see any get nervous
again we're going to the chiropractor
and she knows that he's gonna smile and
he's been having a little pang on her
hip watches again so we're gonna go
visit our favorite chiropractor and all
those nerves for nothing either good now
I'm gonna do what I always do after I
come here it's like a tradition daddy
I can't see you anymore wait let me get
my light Zowie headlights came on
perfect because she's in no longer in
any pain so she can come out here and
twist and hurl you're not gonna sit in
my seat young lady get out but I called
it not go by rules my rules I just fell
out of the car I didn't make it I got
away yeah a gigolo I can't see you
it tickled you did does it make you feel
better when it feels good rather than
bad
remember your ankle we need this spatula
now there's things we couldn't find our
scraper and never stuck I thought to be
spatula my defroster wouldn't work
oh I've got something I can scrape ice
and I'm like aha spatula what a sight
was that funny to watch cuz we got in
the car this morning and the defroster
just wasn't working we're gonna be late
for gymnastics
so Annie are sitting there watching me
scrape the car with a spatula can you
imagine our neighbors if they map like
oh my god those are the weirdest people
they would have said as are a mommy
there you're never gonna say that they
were the weirdest people ever and that
they're scraping a car Bachelor not only
are they weird normally Oh funny thank
fanny thank you're lucky I love you I
just got back from the chiropractor and
um now it's time for question today and
everybody's tied well really Haley's
only tired oh never mind I guess and
it's type of question today from either
this or that book it's going to be how
did it go
would that go oh here it is see in the
dark
like the cat we're here as well as a dog
Haley you first here as well as a dog um
seeing the dark dad here as well as a
dog
yay so don't forget to calm down below
because we won enough question the bag
is seeing the dark like a cat or here as
well as a dog bye see you tomorrow see
you tomorrow bye what you gonna say and
the next day and next day
Beibei thanks for watching
Britt Ailey
