time for what Amy hey guys um so I
should say wall right so I mess it up
whoa guys is that better wrong I don't
today we are going to another
orthodontist appointment and then we got
a dry Annie to this thing called
genetics right Annie
okay silent type um and what about you
al what's on your mind huh tell us about
your dreams
tell us about your whole I I don't know
I dream you can have a dream yesterday
so Haley's boring um oh yeah I know job
mommy likes make dog faces my mom you
can show them doesn't my dog know guess
she wants us to talk about we are
getting our second puppy will really our
first puppy our first puppy today and
the second one's an ugly mutt so we
don't want to keep her um so yeah she'll
be on kids puppies going Craigslist so
yes you're on Craigslist no short no
sure um uh and so yeah Piper dog
survivors coming home today and
and I get to go get it because he is
gonna be a gymnast
giving any oh and the eva lighting
camera people I knew there
oh she's deaf oh it is foggy out there
mom you're driving in fog what do I
taught you about that
no driving in fog unless it's past 9:00
okay okay
we have to turn back around and then we
frog that from the stores $1 no no okay
that's failed at back by 10:00 oh I've
been recording for two minutes so I'm
gonna have to let here we go art is
going on at your Danielle oh nice
and I got a new contraption rubber bands
right there now shot and I'm small but
no oh but the good thing is is this is
in a really awkward position so like I
could Emma in the leg that's like a
thing yeah no no it's a good thing is is
uh I can I don't have to worry
but at night and well why it's a good
thing is because we are in there and
this new person the new person that did
me today she's new completely new not
Suzy assistant not the orthodontist
orthodontist is the same lady yeah
alright so she was all like you gotta
know she was like I know she was um she
said that I had to wear all day all
night except to fix everybody brush and
brushing and all that and the
orthodontist
luckily heard that and was like no no no
he only has to wear at night so haha
good because isn't a really awkward
position I was like
and how long did it take you to get on
it took me 30 minutes probably to get
this thing on it is hard and he dropped
himself in the mouth one it hurts the
mirror you can take it out
haha you're my heart heart ache you okay
yeah the field but we're at the doggie
hotel picking up Piper what are you
doing mom taking my foot off the brake
but we're on an incline
oh it was sorry anyway her leash and
collar or in the pocket of a door we
need that and I need your muscles
because she's gonna be excited to see us
this distance I didn't act like a dog oh
you guys ready her he's super excited
let's go say that puppy she misses us in
my dream home
hey thing in your life Tibor we miss you
I thought we missed your face we missed
you at a piper can we see it
Piper Piper just stopped her lishus duck
is it oh yeah all right good idea Haley
get it off before we choke her oh okay
Viper you're free did you miss it
hey hey pooch pay attention to me when
I'm talking to you she sees people
all right let's let's go home been such
a morning already so we just got home
and I'm just gonna have to run in the
cage to the winning ready ready ready
where is she where see there's your baby
there's your baby gonna get her out
Piper who is it okay God nothing sits
you it's really you over it down huh
favorite tails Waggin yeah yeah well
they're gonna go outside let's make
let's make him brown eye shadow look at
that night you stole my said whinnies
toy whinnies oh hey guys so um I was
just downstairs doing some school on
that chair right there and I have two
funny witty stories dis occurred so one
um 20 was outside over there and Piper
was right there inside and so when I was
scratching at the door cause she wanted
in so I was sucking up that blanket and
I get up to put one in and put the
blanket right next to my shoe and then
let me in and then she comes running
over and just plops down my blanket
that's one story and then the second
story is after that sorry about that
Piper's table she just they just came
over and push me down um anyways so that
really hurt my knee
ah I know so the next one is um uh
Winnie Winnie um after she did that she
plopped on my blanket I decided to get
her up and then so decided to get her up
on the chair
Piper being the messy soap she always is
as this was up and Piper trying to get
it down and then um so when he was up
here then I saw that she was getting
ready to do like the jump like she was
in the jumping position and so what she
does is she jumps this stalker I do this
pretty much jump oh wow I hurt jumps
from here
although tries to jump from there all
the way over here on top of the cage and
her front paws hit right there so she
was no her clothes and then she lands on
her back and she was like oh that didn't
hurt at all and so she comes over here
in the case gets under then and tries to
jump up right there and this is a kid
and then falls down right there on her
back hashtag double fell oh yeah
now you stop doing that girl more
blanket get more blanket he's okay
everybody he's okay you just came and
told me that the dogs tripped him
oh I'm editing in five oh my gosh come
on that's not a sneak peek at what I can
do video you know what you know what I'm
gonna do
hi pie mom you know I'm gonna do what
you want to know i I'd like to know
I'm gonna make a montage of all like I
like a montage of panty hey or Hayley or
me my gosh I keep pushing the button
like um it's gonna be like Annie and and
it's gonna be like can you speak it's
gonna be and fails
I can't and fail and fails yeah I don't
get it like combined and fills yeah
Danny fails hmm yeah and it's gonna be a
bunch of montage of early not really so
under better 9 this is gonna be funny
things she does and fails hi Annie
Oscar thiol
but Annie Brawley has moves uh uh answer
yeah where can we see this say doing it
oh where will it be
are you soon my channel yeah routinely
what about yours
no guys that'll be a year before he
actually gets around of doing manic
he's got great ideas but was there a
puppy but sometimes it takes him a while
to watch it fuck these things into
action hey pooch
hey you happy to be home did you hurt
yourself
Caleb told me your funny story stinks
you do you stink today me and my mom are
going to be playing Marlowe 8 are you
ready mom
I'm ready 20 of time well I'm getting
Haley's school stuff ready and then I
have to watch the video in a shirt
they're ready then go to the grocery
store or like an hour and then I have to
wash my sheets because Winnie Pitons
like three hours then I have to beat
Kayla like four hours yes sometime this
evening
hey nice tap then I guess employ wanna
come over so hang out I'm gonna play
with you when little later
what you mean like four hours later know
how long it's puppy pad yeah look puppy
had gone out many times today and then
puppy got put in my dad by Caleb and
puppy peed right in my bed hearing no
way killed home where's puppy Winnie you
sad about it Winnie
are you sorry Winnie when you are sorry
you poor baby
happy national pizza day it's national
pizza day so in honor of that I picked
up a pizza not that we need an excuse
Pizza but we have to celebrate national
pizza day with this beautiful pizza pie
but this Pizza Pizza Pizza pass that
look not look delicious
would you get it across the street you
mean celebrate National Peace Day today
of national pizza day what are the other
there's lots of other national things
like national wreck your nose day oh I
know I know one for pete's sake national
day for pizza what are you doing for
peace fake messages peace I give you
something for pete's sake what'd you
just say for pete's sake all the times
for Pete save me
buddy I don't know how to sit for pete's
sake Pete's sake
all right dig in Haley celebrate for
pete's sake day for pete's sake national
day on prefer team at stake mommy doing
it right not peach what you sayin peach
Seca sushi Pete yeah she's saying it
right now but that's not how you say get
me a great morning oh yeah how did you
know I got you some pizza for pete's
sake so what's up for pizza steak you
say like this do be dad mmm
remember that game Pete Bailey you see
grouchy and mean and load and no manners
when she little and she was go give me
that we'd say holy say it nicely
she'd say dewy dad please huh
how was your birthday doctor gymnastics
like good mm-hmm everything go how you
wanted it to go
no adrenaline crashes were you out of
shape see you still got all your skills
ready for your meet this weekend thing
all right
her big big day is tomorrow for pete's
sake day is tomorrow national for pete's
sake day tomorrow yeah it's my favorite
day of the whole year
hello not the day I was born
well I want to talk about the day you
were born Annie mm form and what I
couldn't get she's gonna get in the
medicine but epidural so she felt it who
said bad words when they were Louie and
it you said bad words on your little
what did I say
I can't you can't say it I can tell me
what was it what is starting d see you
use it in a sentence and you can just
blank that bad word out deep yes yeah
yes yeah duh Wow Annie Oh yells is it
you 12 many other playing Mario Kart and
it is time for the question of the day I
got hurt because I miss need and um so
the question of the day is what is the
dumbest toy in the world
mm hm
I'm gonna say dog toy because I mean why
would I play with the dog
what do you think then um ah that was a
good answer Caleb you probably a dog toy
sorry I've hiccups what about you really
come here we'll get a good answer I know
I mean so anyways
coming down below because we want to
know any finish the rest of the day is
what's dumb is toy in the world baked
potato baby
thanks for watching
Britt Ailey
