today I'm bikini time for me breakfast
is served
young Haley that's for you this is the
best part of Seguin Hood hell I'll just
dig in Haley you might have done this in
the wrong order we should have done room
service before showers because that's
okay please be careful
you want a for group you wanted to stay
in Washington I hold on them we are
doing this you have another shirt for
Haley don't I have the money or toes
here let's do this like total bib-style
Tucker it'll be cute oh I just did the
worm hot you ready
not eat
okay so right now we are going to major
studios to film our new show so here's
the twist evidence from Evan tube is
getting his own show - and part of our
show is going to be on Evan show it's
gonna be like show show line alone I've
heard that we're going to LA there's
gonna be some fun games that you all for
you're gonna play I don't know I love to
play dog more fun than dominoes yeah
what's yeah possible it has to do with
cooking AHA and distraction but not
cooking while your distracting nah
together two different yoga that's it
that looks so weird to Delhi yeah we're
doing a human Domino coming in the front
okay no your back gal be your girl and
on the bed right stand over me
I mean how this is a holiday Hey just
want to show one of the coolest things
that's all just about to say let's go
ahead out this way we've got a few more
minutes before we have to leave daddy
has to move the safety bar so no one can
steal you now go look what's right
outside our door oh it's the first time
out today is it a beautiful day
Wow hello excess holes how do we get in
a little hop there's two hot tubs
pretend to be smart no I am small and
small
tough break camera look at this yeah and
he's used to doing anything to doing her
school on this side computer but she's
using daddy's computer today yeah yeah
yeah thank you for my thank you
picky Caleb isn't drinking the water and
the juice that's out there so that's not
gonna make it go
there's craft services out there go see
what you want on the table are there
chips out there yeah oh my goodness no
one's even doing school again the whole
day will you shut up 20 minutes left it
took our money
okay so I'm done the school up and yeah
after continues work that's all I have
to read though I just had that camera
but black mm and then I turned it out
one Caleb got robbed vending machine
took us me money
now who's sad you guys want to snapchat
I looked you know what I want an arc of
snuff I see maybe we can contact um
sounds having it see where that that you
see that people we're gonna work on
getting this mess out oh no where once
you send it and the person opens it they
can't see it so it's like they can only
see it when they open it one time do you
open sound like funny things like you
can be like yes in your fans would open
that but they can only create that one
person in here pretty good David
so you can send but and also they are
only ten seconds so you can only you can
do like Commissioner Frank okay come on
but there is a feature where it's like
your story for the day
and so it saves your story for the day
cool we'll look into that guy alright
you hear that okay was real fighting
with the machine call these for Somalia
so this is going to be in your back only
justice justice okay
you open up this is this push the button
like that yeah remember which is like
say - everything yeah what was your line
for oh yes
no for yeah yeah because yeah yeah yeah
well in such a meanie yeah so good
people share we can work with you you
don't pull at the braid down that she
has dead so we see today we're playing
arcade she she ducks and hides that's
her that's her move today
really pulling out a ping-pong Oh point
yeah we are hanging out with to you yes
my youtube channel is Buena pearls make
sure to go subscribe to it my youtube
channel is Sam Westen WSTO and and
sometimes subscribe yes really good or
else dumb can you back that statement up
chip chip no way okay just get do the
split she's like oh can she do Macau I
can do so I could do that thank you it
won't meet Leah Pamela if I can do that
there you go that's the beginning of it
yes woman's with beans okay AC stolen
alright ACSR boom
alright beyond without lower baby camera
drone one Charlie come on
there you got ya second slave one
Charlie take one we had a quick trip to
target to buy a tripod yay and have a
little fun
a whole final hole I'm sure target will
appreciate that I know it's a big target
the bullseye god you're in the dot
you guys have fun today shooting that
yeah what was your favorite part
I'll shoot something I like the staring
day I lift that part
wow you did think so much work preparing
the distraction really that was so much
fun yeah I didn't have any real say yeah
stuff is a girly laugh so what we were
heading down no edge don't go ahh oh gee
Judas light of me is flying downstairs
to find a restaurant to clean up and
then we're going to the pool Bernard
Shaw Walter so I had a great time
filming with Lynn and Fiona and yes but
that was like I did that
no you did that a few takes didn't you
all right everybody picked our elevator
quick oh you picked that one I picked
this one yeah Haley where's your other
oh he's win it's full okay it doesn't
count
push it up push the down button hurry
pick your elevators
good games
yes i won but it's full again alright we
give up we give up now let's take the
stairs so we can get some more steps on
our Fitbit
it is working now we got to find the
stairs though there has to be stairs
not the stairs okay or maybe no stairs
let's just try this elevator
these chairs all right I'm just going to
push the button on that elevator again
oh I hear it anyway can you find any
good deserves now my let's play to go to
abandoning if I got them my friend James
their friend who James James Allen
Taliban Bayless I got your evil twin
fella
yeah hey you see he's got eyes on Beach
Wow salad looks just like you when you
clear eyes back just a became or the
word good snore just eat cake did you
hit
Haley did you want mine I took a few
bites and I'm full now guys gonna be
swimming huh daddy wouldn't pass out for
me because my feet hurt little T that
can't wait to put him in the hot oh this
is this raspberry no don't throw it
how would you everything that she's
gonna catch something like this oh I'm
gonna be that guy that makes everybody
else kill that painting salable we
desert be that guy yes let's shake on
the pool before couldn't go to the pool
before someone get hurt yeah you should
do any pool at the great idea last
chance planning to the pool that's great
yeah right again no see you gotta get at
new stuff yeah
last one and last one for you hey oh I'm
ready and yeah okay okay out the door oh
wait no no no no more oh that's fun
that's true let's keep our voices down
before we get kicked out stork squawking
white and willfully it's chilly out here
ah baked potato
thanks for watching Britt Ailey
