it's like
got a really cool surprise in your room
yeah when you go luck wait for Annie oh
she's gonna wake up
good morning let me see if the surprise
is ready okay it's ready you knew me I
was on a plane mr. chris is here too oh
I didn't love it
another surprises daddy didn't want to
get up Oh burn the bag no he's here not
much of a surprise because we knew he
was deadly surprise really
I was like they're coming to your
birthday party
see you later
you would not wake up last night Annie
Annie we have a surprise for you
when they came in
I was tired midstance Thanks okay well
your surprise
are you guys hungry what's umbrella
starving years oh I threw the other one
away Annie yeah bren-bren
go and go breakfast correct the daily
breakfast breakfast alright we're going
to breakfast we're walking to breakfast
and of course we have to get pictures
first
oh we're not jaywalking yes we are
Saturday morning I feel like you're
allowed a walk
okay we are at well near with me and you
can see and I'm here and Annie's here
and I lose my dog but I got it sure it's
a shirt okay let me show you this brunch
it's breakfast little bit like we're a
big crew one some lady judged our our
shoes lady of it we're walking out we're
like and I'm like I was so caught off
guard I'm like no they're like they're
slides they're called slides
yeah clearly that up our gingerbread one
so might as well just like literally
crush the competition like a literally
like I'm gonna crush there in your house
hold on I've gotta be polite
- I don't have to do this I'm human and
ever
take that page and your songs coming on
the radio yeah I know the girls are out
there doing our makeup listening to the
radio waiting for Annie's song cuz
they're replaying it it was on yesterday
now we're all just in comfy clothes
getting hair done these are the trendy
songs of the week like whining to you to
objects we've got another young internet
career she's just 13 years old and is
remembering the popular family blog
channel bratayley which has ordered 5
million subscribers she's massively
popular on musically with over 11
million fans on there and also stars in
a web series called chicken girls that
regular that regularly receives like 8
million views in episode and she makes
music I hope she gets time off like god
when did nuggets like a 13 year old oh
my god with that kind of following
though it's not a surprise this could
use been over 2.4 million times in just
a week here's 13-year old
does she get to color in the coloring
yes I'm here to say your name I know we
knew because they tweeted us hits one
shout-out maybe yes maybe no people are
listening to this who may have never
heard your name before that's so cool
like me being in a car listening this
and it just coming on and if it came on
I would just like freaking I know I was
just freaking I kind of wish I didn't
know when I was in the car but this is
still cool this is cool this is why it's
so great having a trained professional
live with us okay right here they're
gonna trim Haley's in there literally
baby trim look down no no don't it was
barely anything yeah Haley wants that
grow her hair out but it's it needed a
trim look how she's not panicking as
much but I bet you if it was me she's me
panicking like and he was panicking
would you panic if I put scissors to you
how much better see Haleh you needed a
trim trim look how gorgeous her hair is
like I shouldn't mess with that lawyer
cutting it but beautiful not bad I got
them from Target everything a long bang
cuz Haley when Haley puts her hair up on
her buns
she likes to pull down
okay you're cutting in oh come on Oh off
like four inches just a tiny little
tremor store my makeup face are you
doing Mia's makeup that's fun
that wasn't much baby this little bitty
hairs let me go get our little back you
guys ready for the bun it's a perfect
Haley's dress up as a mermaid
what are you doing this is my table come
here
okay huh guys come here turn around turn
around
oh I'm eating weird clothes oh my gosh
it looks so good
they're like do I look highlighted you
look beautiful waitin without makeup my
friends these ladies are gorgeous
they don't need YouTube Mia this is a
natural beauty
yes come eat some pencil with us Oh a
chair chip Haley your bangs look amazing
let me se your bangs so we're obviously
getting ready for the party
moisturise did you you like a heavy
moisturizer
don't they make heavier moisturizer no
geez this is exactly how the video to
towards this how I did the other time
just letting you know that's exactly
what you're doing the hairstyle from
rock you liked it then that's how I had
it do you want to sit on the toilet any
my chariot I'm fluffed on the toilet
matching with this they've been fighting
for the last time 30 down on the ground
booty down no I don't want to get hurt
you're hurting me oh yeah you need to
hold sit down oh my gosh
it is not your birthday your makeup up
I'm gonna bun to you you're just being
set your act not yet you know what you
and Haley switched roles here hey I was
just happy whenever day she doesn't to
be school yeah it's legit girl she's
grumpy the whole entire day searches
that's why she's in a good mood a good
happy Saturday kid okay I don't know why
I can but so we're in my elevator and
this is what I'm with the shirt I think
everybody needs to show their outfits
yeah everybody looks beautiful when
we're on our way through it the cars
here
we're here we're following sign it's
it's different Victoria I always say
everything okay oh we climb the trees
Wow Haley you look so pretty
thank you or the bungee and there's a
dance floor and I expect every one of
you guys to dance Paige you're dancing
there's a dance floor and you're dancing
and you're dancing and you're dancing
and Paige
I mean Brookes always dancing did you
introduce your but you met you met me
yeah I did
Thank You Mia this is the new style it's
so cute
it is not on the invitation to wear
black or gray and white but apparently
everybody did Haley Haley's got a little
Mia stuck in a tree look there's a
there's a pink carpet in a little while
and they're all gonna get all dirty
that's how they roll
they don't care now we're checking out
the dance floor
yes yes rush it's not a birthday just to
party for birthdays not anymore
until next year who knows let's go back
you want something to fall yeah you
think Haley is your gal rock your hair
and brat represent feel like the lights
are on on the ferris wheel now they are
oh I want to see it go round and round
learn a little photo shoot over here
before everybody gets here you want to
try that okay hurry up guys Rhys need to
dry it of course we can we need a test
about Kylie after the red carpet well I
guess we can fix her hair oh teenage I
role did you guys see that
Oh today for your Instagram
ah
when rush does it better than you
so you guys I'm not showing presents or
Annie right here we're showing we've
asked for donations so instead of
bringing Annie a birthday present we've
asked since it's the holiday season so
we can donate these to some children
that might not be getting Christmas this
year so this makes my heart really happy
and I'm so proud of everybody thank you
guys who have brought something today
that was so nice of you look at all
these toys are gonna put a smile on some
kids face it's so worth the way though I
promise you let me help you wonder what
its gonna be
howdy
sure say okay these are busy and you
just open up for me ah till it focuses
they said that was a rare surprise Amol
I didn't realize me for a what you
couldn't open your own
that's so
the surprising bills are a hit fun for
all ages like what do you want what do
you want any like if you could pick
among for the monkey
Andy Anegada gave to initiates me
satanically okay let me see them I love
giraffe monkey named David spider monkey
no it's not it's true but I did a review
it okay all you og fans you know who
this is
let me find Annie Annie someone's here
to see you
someone's here to see you if you like
what what's going you better get back
cuz he's coming in for one he falls in
public a lot how you doing hello you
remember him right who is it
John G okay just making sure it's
actually George Washington to you young
lady oh my gosh oh my gosh don't leave
that oh okay we have to film today
because we can't find any where Haley we
are the fun ones
we're not fine people look how long my
hair grew overnight love care don't care
y'all don't actually believe that
yeah she looks good though it's fun it's
just fun Joe okay we're gonna give you
guys a view of everything but we have to
get to the top first it will be Deanna
we make it to the top you know what goes
up must come down
okay we'll see you guys we get stuck
kind of scary
I'm not gonna lie I'm a little scared
I'm not normally scared of Ferris wheels
poke gosh this one brought like not that
kind of rock it's like okay Katie I
really like tsunami tsunami
keep going
talk louder I can't hear you
Oh
Oh
I think
why were you freaking out you didn't
find you lost her little brother Danny
Wow did you say goodbye to your sister
yes no no like yes hurry up cause it
this trains are leaving I'm going to
it's super not soon Ami's first
sleepover right so I'll call her talk to
her mom and figure out what time to come
get you tomorrow have the best time I
love you tsunami thanks for coming and
hanging out alright guys we are wrapping
this video up because we had such a long
night the longest and uber is where a
little of our missing uber yeah yeah
okay question of the day I don't have
one yet um let's wrap it up guys oh my
gosh
how old are you how old are you
questioning the day how old are you
Annie
no it's perfect 13 13 how old are you 13
how old are you or tea how old are you
25 no 37 how old are you oh how old are
you how old are you Billy
how old are you what 37 okay guys well
Haley is that a sleepover so she left
just now so she would say 9:00 and we
love you so much thank you so much for
watching don't forget to comment down
below because we went to the question of
the day how old are you alright guys
ready Dave that's a wrap remember to
celebrate life
Beibei bye thanks for watching
Vitaliy
