hi for me
good morning as well I'm sitting in my
mom's room I'm up while my mom's packing
for our trip and I just wanted to show
you something funny they are both
sitting by the heating vent and it is so
warm but they've been sitting here for
about like ten minutes I've been taking
pictures of them what do you do much
doing is it warm here and then you want
to see my pictures so warm Oh mommy look
at my big they're kissing
look look at your dog off the shop yeah
look at him to be in snuggle dogs and
they're kissing and Amy's picture hey
Winnie
go ahead what if it Winnie
Piper look how sweet they're being it
must be cold they must be a little
chilly they're sitting here this bit is
blowing hot air out and they're you know
go money and I'll take a picture of me
filming money she's like where did he go
eat stop don't you want it don't feel on
it with me
Winnie Winnie it turned off when it
warms up enough oh that's one fun yay
who are we filming
I'm not any so creative with her
lectures it's cute in that cool that is
cool
here's an update I've got the girls I'm
Caleb packed now I just got a pack for
me my cell I'm posting this and your
daddy's doesn't listen stick the posted
on Instagram okay isn't it cute all
right well that was the update look at
this face look at the earth oh my gosh
oh wait wait
fill me post him and Sam you ready oh my
god let's see how fast I can do it ready
Oh Fran no weird me oh she's back it's
blowing again what oh we're taking
pictures again progress I'm on moved on
to Daddy stuff he's the last one I have
to pack Cheers
hey I just wanted check-in and show you
how cute this is you hear that air
blowing OH
Oh OOP she heard the puppy Oh Hayley
won't let me get out of the car because
she's watching strawberry shortcake
we've got things to do and I'm gonna
whine cuz it's now she sounds sometimes
can we get out now wait for it you see
the spring is a girl Springs a girl oh
can we go now no the guy to get Winnie
some dog food for her Hey
Olivia she's very beige see she she's
very late and we're talking about spring
you were right a lease brings a girl
alright here we go now yes
we gotta get Winnie some food at this
this Pat smart and yeah because Lydia
Olivia our friend you probably matter is
is watching her at her house because we
are going to what this club we're going
to LA tomorrow and then Orlando and a
few days after that you ready for this
we're all packed we gotta go now I'm
tired just thinking about it
it's gonna be super fun though cuz we're
gonna do some videos secret people you
know but we can't tell them they have to
stay tuned it's really exciting the
right thing are you gonna film it yes
yeah you're nervous
why because it Jenny
we're meeting some people can you keep a
secret
yes a very probably maybe not oh all
right well we should go in and get the
dogs hey you turned together
you're gonna say it okay guys I gotta
turn the camera off because she's about
to spill the beans and Haley's this bean
Spiller okay exactly she turns it off
okay she's gonna blurt it out to the
world
bye guys
Haley's back there somewhere and her
Super Bowl shirt except that green baize
not in the Super Bowl but I didn't have
the heart to tell her but I guess she
knows me
hi Haley were you going by / what are we
doing
what's going on you know where you're
going huh you did you go see your
friends in a doggie hotel no you don't
get to go to California this time
on
you're going to the Belgae hotel buckle
up for safety
nope never mind she she's not gonna fit
look at did all you need to help get him
back up not really good
so anyways I'll just give I suggest
mommy
yech so guess what just as I predicted I
believe in a video I believe that got
left in I predicted that the EOS is
wouldn't last very long got to it it was
in my purse
but her she could reach your purse you
told me to put my I did but I didn't I
thought that she would not be able to
get it out of your purse but you know
what she proved me wrong
hi bro did you eat that Piper was
winning
was it worth it now that we're not going
to see you for a week we could probably
buy some more but we're not gonna can we
buy some now I'll just give my under LS
to you Oh big I know I like the
honeysuckle movie now however likes the
honeysuckle - yeah
all right Piper we love you everybody
say goodbye
five five star do you have a good trip
and we're gonna have a good trip - we'll
see you when we get back all right all
right okay you guys are pretty folks we
are here and we're evil first we are
about to watch the Super Bowl and right
now we're eating a doughnut appetizer
snack a Super Bowl no Super Bowl up kind
of snack kind of thing it's shrimp all
my dad's fixing what do you think stick
let's go shoot a stick
yummy
yummy-yum I want in that black little
office it's a patriot of the Seahawks
Patriots
who do you are there was any way from
both of them to lose that's what I want
that's not much
hi hey would you daddy's not drawing for
anybody I have a who like you have to
think one we had to pick any team New
England are you in England the matrix oh
yeah I'm doing that you're over New
England got it out I said patron if I
had to pick a team to win it would be
the Patriots so that I can said I
cheated on me coming oh hey
Paquita anyways um so it is time for the
NFL Super Bowl and happening and Haley's
keep saying same thing over and over
again um so yeah I kind of sad that that
team didn't make it in right Haley
okay go cry go go over there crap
anyways so um the Seahawks versus the
Patriot and I'm gotta say started all
the Patriots fans out there but I'm not
a fan of Tom Brady
let me have my head anyways and so I'm
gonna have to go for the Seahawks here
and to the patriot who's was he hood
with why because that is said that he
wasn't though actually I get it first
why how are you going for the Patriots
you have to have a good reason because
Seahawks Louie
in one last year mm-hmm
so so I went to Patriots win without the
horrible reason oh yeah honey also got
something wrong - on that that you goin
for the Patriots mommy are exhausted
yeah actually you want me to tell you
why daddy's going for the Patriots why
because he wants to say if the Patriots
win then they won every game by cheating
not every day budging every time they
want that why don't you Oh
so on how do they cheat this time daddy
uninflated the balls did agree I'm not
lost game yeah yeah I can sue the Colts
mm-hmm
how's the coals sort of said boy did
they really
and how happened them are these I don't
want to ask the camera that can't they
kick them out of the super do something
that should be illegal let's let's
I didn't flake the balls because they're
cheaters easier to grow now each team
has their own boss last minute packing
get in Winnie all the way in ready to go
they're gonna see you in there right
right thank you sir got some last minute
packing
I figure we're gonna step over this
Chili's Haley
yo quit trampling on all the bags my
essence we replace the EOS s okay I have
a question they need a comment down
below if it's a OS Oreos you say EOS
Oreo s cuz it stands for like evolution
of my smooth C stands for something so
therefore it could be either it could be
but I think it's pronounced against well
they're gonna let us now right we don't
have the Google they are our Google we
just have to read comments well how are
they gonna say yep because of its cos
they would do II period o period s
what's the update on it Super Bowl
anybody even paying it in large penis
but again you're either lying on the
regions cuz they're not the Seahawks
I know anyway white not going for the
Seahawks because they are the Seahawks
low fever simple questions Caleb oh give
me a good reason why you're going for
the team head Phillips they're winning
right now so talk to me when your team's
winning right now like dad shake you
don't Packers all right odo baby cry
okay oh here's a football helmet but
it's a Santa on it I was gonna say that
would be a good question of the day but
have your school mascot be Santa Claus
or the tooth fairy
Santa tooth fairy
yes thank you
yeah you want your school mascot to be
winning yeah that doesn't go but out of
Santa Claus or the Tooth Fairy who do
you choose
Oh Santa Bulldog mm-hmm okay
bye Santa sample Santa Tommy Santa Paws
all right well that's it tomorrow we're
gonna be in LA how do you guys feel
about that makeup on you have makeup on
maybe maybe a badass I fixed it staring
at you all right who's ready to go to LA
be a long day worked and all I've lost
our telephone dictation I'm sorry boys
until I can fit we've got our Super Bowl
of dodgeball going
flexible ten bucks says somehow this is
somebody gonna hit broken winning all of
oh she's just sitting there oh yeah
you're Annie I knew I saw that coming by
the way Kylie ask are you daddy out a
girl any donors inside just give daddy
Leivers is Haley what do I do
so I ain't hard don't let him catch it
though can't you hit his legs oh you
gotta catch it or don't let it you're
out now and call the next round
Haley please just until the next roll
round Haley so much it's all wrong she
gets put on the couch oh my gosh
oh man I am so excited to go to el el la
um I don't even want to go to sleep put
half off anyways don't forget top
downloads we went another question the
day is have your team mascot um Santa
Claus or the truth sir ah
baked potato Bay
thanks for watching
Britt Ailey
