today on the tailing you're ruining the
sleepover we've got noise-canceling
headphones on our ears and we can't tell
if you can hear us or not yeah wait no
money can you hear me Haley can you say
something to see if I can hear you I can
barely hear myself talking hello oh I
think they work I can barely hear you
oh gosh guys my headphones broke so I
have to buy some new headphones for the
trip next week I'm thinking about
getting some noise cancelling ones right
put these on put these on and see if you
can hear anything okay you're neither
can you hear me can you hear me hey let
me hear you about weird can you hear me
yeah loud and clear
I'm so sad I loved my headphones they
were just like a cheap pair of
headphones but I really liked them they
were comfy so now I think I'm going to
get either that same pair I really
didn't want to spend that much money
with these pink ones down there go try
them on those are expensive too
Haley don't worry is not getting
headphones Oh her little Hello Kitty
ones work just fine no I don't like
though I'll just try those plain ones
just want plain ones I don't think those
are noise cancelling whether we go
expensive or cheap I haven't made my
decision yet because those cheap ones
are comfy too but I really wanted some
noise cancelling so that I don't have to
hear her Yap and self on an advance
right okay no charm again do you take me
guys you know you try those on I really
like those too but those are wireless
but they're not noise cancelling
he's really do can't stop the sound I
really do Wow I look I look okay in them
I mean my sunglasses would always wear
on top of my head my V work cool and the
other reason we're at Target it's for
syrup yeah we're totally out of hair up
sir gosh so it's just a quick trip
before olivia comes over right Olivia
coming over tonight my sleepover so you
would yep you'll see you later you'll
see rich bye bye alibis
that's hard I can do it
time to sit do it on three I'll try to
it's hard enjoying a drink
nope out of three straws and it's not
working what kind of look they got in
there
cotton candy
what am I your slave nope so you're
having a sleepover
lift and um I'm sorry with some very
tiny bit no okay we got three what half
yummy you guys share everything
yeah even if I don't my name is Jade
everyone I'm just like you love me right
like yeah and she's like you really
really love me right
I'm like yeah she's so cool if you
really love me I don't like fine here's
a Dorito I said you're my friend right
yes and I oh are you really really my
friend and she goes yes and I go well if
you're my friend you go here's the
Dorito you guys are so cute what are you
guys gonna do tonight for a sleepover
stay up late I would say um I want to
live up or down tomorrow stay up late oh
oh here we um film the dance yet or no
no no we should film the dance but you
guys are learning I can make I can film
your made-up dances favorite they'll be
like that's it
that's us your sleepover yeah they're
gonna dance and stay up late yeah and
eat well
because we know your popcorn cuz we
don't have new popcorn at my house and
I'm like heartbroken and mom was my
favorite are you know that only like two
bags of popcorn by myself i mend your
heart and Zumba or don't you move in
with him and I had one of those top
cables and she had one of the popcorn
bowl she offers and Ida had me medium
matter gentle I had an evening of mine
and she strike even my life a whole bowl
full of it and she goes yeah I know but
it's fine I'm still hungry so I made
another bad yep then my mom stopped in
yeah oh no lives gonna be so set are you
joking Oh what is the last one
oh no favor every last kernel Haley why
are you throwing that out for I'm eating
all of it
how big a knee care as much I think this
one may fight you for it though ah she
gallops be good she's not strong enough
to carry one when he like pasta she
likes cashews you like hey yeah you try
to make all right let's get this
sleepover started I think you guys got a
great yarn first ok we'll eventually you
need a bath and pajamas
so you could be comfortable but if wanna
braid yarn first baby mr. Billy thing
I'm get your hair braided I mean it's
close enough to yarn you didn't see that
coming
yeah that all the time yeah how's it
going just braiding yarn look look at
that
yeah oh look at me look at me
look at her but I guess my patent into
Olivia nice why aren't you braiding you
live in a braid
you guys should teach her that would be
nice sister and friendly things to do
sisterly friendly like mates that made
so much fun we could even teach you to
do a routine be nice to your little
sister she's the only little sister you
have she's bratayley yeah and she's
pretty a li why are your closet doors
always open and I like it okay now I see
something that let me see some let's
show you something okay in that closet
oh yeah okay you might wanna close the
doors tonight you wanna face are you
threatening me
no would you say we might play pranks on
you oh wow
night squirt to be pasted in your hair
or put whipped cream on your hand and
then tickle your nose I feel like that
good luck with that have fun want to
join the sleepover they're braiding yeah
they'll braid your hair next come on
Caleb do you want to be part of the
sleepover no but you know what I do want
to do hope your hair oh my god this what
do you want to do did that I want to
play clue we could play clear tonight
maybe we can tonight yeah tonight mm-hmm
you each night yeah now what's the
definition of tonight tomorrow wrong
answer
sorry for that Haley put that down
that's annoying we are filming and there
we are we've already established that
we've had action mom mom yeah yeah one
ah is this like a tool that you can it's
empirical syphilis yep that's the
candlestick one I don't recommend
hitting anybody over the head with a
candlestick but in this game somebody
might
what are they out with tonight it's nice
roll out in this game and do you like
nope okay we're gonna play some clue
which is now you can ask questions it's
the father for you play the father
figure said no bad father figure all
right everybody have everything they
need
okay I get can't sick oh we've got to do
that you got to sort those out do it is
this the best sleepover ever
Olivia that's right you'll say yes I
have brainwashed you and this team part
where he kills me
yeah quit choking a nice fruit Winnie
this is why you got locked up last time
not the last time we played clue she was
a good girl when we played clue but when
we played apples out your guys hi okay
so now I do give to no no no no you
gotta take Micah
Piper you're ruining the sleepover we're
waiting on you dude it flowered yeah
you're first
I'm sorry oh yes I do wipe down you roll
the highest number oh wow I got one you
see them on food no one hey you are
either one of those people right dude
it's my turn now we go in order not the
next one who wrote OH yours
uh-huh
right now make sure you're going towards
the room you want to gonna put up
somebody tonight that was a meme oh
thank you you get to promise that I am
NOT gonna survive this game study what
study my Colonel Mustard in the study
move me to the study please finally
again six-way trash you own the club no
cuz you you'll see ya show with the
candlestick let's see if he's right
yeah we just mark them off are you right
good game guys so you're wrong he's not
going to tell you accusation for Olivia
she's ready to make an accusation I
think it was miss peacock and the study
with the handles
hila good game Olivia you and me kid
he's making an accusation accusations
are always wrong
and they left the library
okay in the library we stick her home I
stayed with me and the candlestick and
the candlestick didn't I yep okay I won
by default it's the I know what it is
let me make my guess let me make a mess
what I was I was trying to make my way
to the billiard room so that I could say
it was me with the candlestick am i
right yeah yeah yeah I was making my way
over there gratulations
okay I'm great I am three big play as
two people meeting we get 14 card yeah
yeah here's a dilemma I don't want to
play cuz I just played a game and they
need four players yeah yeah so the size
of the day come on it's a number it is
what's your favorite actor you don't
click upon mine popcorn technics popcorn
I'm sorry popular is my all-time
favorite now don't work questions
ah sweet fish swedish fish right yeah
yeah no yeah the die my bear attack is
cosmic brown he's not interesting
yes it is isn't factoid Oh
hello don't forget the gonna give it up
cuz we wanna know the fucking day is
take it away your liver baked potato
baby
thanks for watching
Britt Ailey
