time for my uni Haley so mommy and daddy
have spent the morning spring cleaning
in the winter again right we're cleaning
out the bedroom what else we cleaned
today daddy
the basement we clean the mudroom we've
cleaned and now we need your help
daddy's too big I was nice I was gonna
say fat daddy is too big to fit under
the bed not nice if you said afterwards
okay and Rob misses your head
Piper bar sorry get your head Piper
here try you did it once
Piper used to be able to ensure the
puppy be able to take now you'll get
stuck that'd be a good video if you'll
just go get stuck for us alright so you
can't fit can you go get us the broom at
least the broom by the refrigerator I'll
shove you I didn't know it stopped I
pushed hard enough you'll get no uh-huh
let's see what we got going on under
here oh it's not that bad
no hmm everything I could read to Holmes
yeah we're gonna try to get the broom
some Oh a mop - yeah let's mop under the
bed all right Wow
what are you doing goofball you use a
broom you're weird I'm not mom oh no
we're crazy what happens when you
haven't filmed and it's 1:15 oh we just
decided to turn the camera on because
we're like uh oh we're not gonna get
anything film today so you guys get to
watch us clean we're gonna do this thing
we're gonna push it on Oh another day
yeah teamwork
Oh gross guys grows we are slobs look at
this look at this daddy this is daddy
side Oh whatever it is did you push it
out I do not
gorilla wins Oh what happened to him
it's got a big ol hole in them yes Oh
daddy would you quit chewing on our
stuffed animals when we're always Jewish
it is soft but sweet what a mutt study
table top let's just er that Mommy oh
you found it for when you lose another
tooth yeah nice this is baby and weaving
it's been back what I mean we didn't
give it back good oh it's got to be like
sorry Sydney home are you looking for
this circle wait all it we stole it
we're holding you ransom you will pay
off $1 or you can get it back ah a
million guys before you can get this
Bank
all right oh yeah and some dental floss
that you want me to go ahead and go
ahead and walk Hayley while you're at it
oh cool
where'd the dental floss go here wash
your teeth wash your teeth now don't
really watch your teeth ah there's a
drink up there what your heat so I'm
going look um Winnie that's what my mom
and dad um told me to do and I couldn't
find her anywhere
and she's right here clinking
she's so cute so yeah and then mom and
dad are clean as sea before the soup or
after because my mom is gonna edit it
and I don't know she can put it before
or after so yeah I miss walking in
circles
well yeah bye today is just another one
of those days where we're not really
gonna do anything
like we said Annie sleeping over with
some of her friends at a friend's house
and I'm here skateboarding I'm not very
good at but anyways um she has really
nothing going on today but we do over
tiny puff you guys can see it yeah look
at this tired pop slow one eye open Oh
close my eye closed
who's that I yeah mm-hmm yup little
puppy which is the morning you know Brad
okay all let's get back to your beauty
sleep what are you guys doing playing
pretty wet just splittin song it out so
legged Clennon what's a linen closet
linen
what's a linen cloth how messy that
that's quite embarrassing it's gonna
look totally different
okay we're going to be fuller picture
than an aster there thing before and in
it oh no so embarrassing I come bearing
alright we're going to show you the
after
I had a wonderful time I sleep over
there's so much fun and right now I'm
home with Haley and Caleb
mama store and yeah my mom went to store
to get some stuff and we're gonna try I
love it and it's going to be mine um
salami and cream cheese together yes you
never asked for it it is mine okay
anyway anyways we have waiting here
begging and Piper here the bone see hmm
and gavel watching some cheesy nuttin
really what's for dinner so long Angie's
where'd we get this recipe over Libya
and there's some loudness going on
because we've got these two monkeys ah
gate boarding he asked me the mug home
cause he's flying around monkeys fire
hey they get to delusions and they slide
over okay okay we've gotten pretty good
on this little skateboard rip board is
that what it's called a rip stick like
lipstick okay
you decided on a game which is gonna be
apples to apple you ruin so we decided
on a game and that game is gonna be a
front of you can't read that game is
Apple - oh okay so um Hale is gonna be
on somebody else's team she's gonna be
partnering up
I'm with mommy and so um huh hey you
dogs you're interrupting and I've never
lost because I'm a pro because the first
- you've been practicing by yeah so it's
horrible
so yeah we are all gonna come in here
and play the family since the Saturday
9:00 it's from Dean I hope everyone's
doing this hi Piper you want to do an S
okay you don't fit and um well Haley
what did you want to say we are gonna
wait what you're gonna say something
about what's your favorite uh well
you're feeling tight about family dating
it spending time with my family
hey question since we're on the sale on
the same team yet yeah you're not gonna
ask the same question at your on today's
our team should gather around family are
you like mom what this is supposed to be
fun okay not mean to guests your future
can become a game box made of funny boys
boys way into it so you are gonna become
all wrong house so now you've got a
teammate he's interrupting yeah
announcer team dog over there what's
your team name he Pruitt apples apples
you put your team name
Piper when our teen what's our team name
team winner team apples team Apple stop
if you want to see apples
Eddie
super ready yep I'm born prepared
anything handed to Annie and what let's
hear her laugh at offer
mumbling uncoordinated swap cuddle
pretty awkward yeah
secret societies secret societies like a
dog sidelights to rule the world
hmm oh that is why why are you looking
at me really I'm underwear ha ha ha keep
this brief
it's pretty awkward hey the end if you
go around public
oh but I can't decide on which to this
one the one that she only want to say
cuz it's so awkward
oh this one Swamp People Oh
test three Annie if you're gonna hold up
another one right this way alright
what's your choice totally up to you
know I thought what do you find the most
Awkward on three all over those thank
you think the most in your opinion
that's true it's probably that no oh
Swamp People are the most awkward all
right daddy wins shuffle the cards up
let's all shuffle bud shuffling being a
man remember bear man and fan and air
I know Piper I would run to out of here
family game nights fun one more round no
just one yogurt is good yeah yeah what
flavor you eaten
oh that stinks
Oh Oh Winnie many was that you or is
that you love Thank You laughs okay what
kind of flavor you
uncle's boy Coast but what flavor Oh
Caleb kid you are fast let me see it Oh
a lot to help cafe what are you what
kind of meeting I'm gonna say this in
Spanish oh pretty fluffy yes you're not
you're eating chocolate covered
strawberries dang is Manish okay Piper
did you stink up the room again look at
this look at Piper's chest from where
Winnie Oh Piper that's a horrible those
scratches they play so rough for always
loses when he's not in trouble she just
kept getting bad
oh you created another monster huh Annie
on the rip stick and they rounding off
Park Saturday night it goes when we're
seeing Chris a little planted it right
there our house it's slanted secrets
revealed
it goes downhill right there right here
right watch
Yeah right there all right question of
the day if you could trade places with
someone else for a month who would you
choose and why I know I would trade
trade with Daddy just to see how his day
compares to mine because we're
constantly talking about constantly
talking about daddy jobs easier the
morning on a video and she's like the
one who's more famous families more
famous yes
and routinely oh and she's really good
janessa kicking off a viper really good
what I want trade with anything she's
really good at gymnastics and she's
really gonna put you in the shower with
octillery's morons thanks you would be
like what payback Fred huge okay so
anyway don't forget yeah bring it to
calm down look that's the dog butter so
do you want to hear something that Katy
did at our sleepover I would love to
hear something Katy yeah
we were eating all of this food that we
got from Safeway okay we got a bogey
like Oreo cookies all these other things
and Katy is done with what we had and
she goes and she gets things at the
cookie jar and she gets a cookie out of
it and she she goes this cookie tastes
horrible and my favorite thing relative
goes that's a dog treat
and she she literally like freaks out
but I don't think how she didn't see the
book on the cookie jar and the said whoa
it's in pathology jar and um don't hurt
that in a bone on and on just in case a
bone for a handle and the word woof on
it and she does know wait who is that on
the computer was daddy watching page
look at that
hey just got a YouTube I think she told
us that in Orlando last day but go check
her out but she's oh dang cute i watch
her video jet gonna watch him she did a
good job she did a makeup tutorial and
he had a question and answers and
daddy's gonna fall I heard him so oh
yeah yeah there you know you don't know
what happened did your daddy which taken
his booty yeah I get a much babies
videos okay yeah we're gonna we're gonna
turn this video yeah let's page huh
remember to remember everyone down below
what you really want to know what the
question of the day is you who would you
be for Yahoo which person would you
trade places with for months let's watch
page I mean Alex I'm back
Oh back oh no in one of her videos I
watched last night she was like she said
by like you said it yeah no yeah how do
you say it yeah no why
okay okay Mike I know but that we just
wrap the video up we are going to watch
a movie and if you guys like sharks
Shark Tale short cocktail and the
flashlights we need for ya so here's the
etiquette something really heavy so we
pulled up yeah with our gymnastic flick
and mission and look inside it's really
cool Wow girls pillows iPad blanket and
then this is where we watch TV
you can see the TV from yeah okay you
can tell ghost stories
yeah oh my god went apart i buy wait
wait spooky storage don't start with
once upon a time
why fairy tales start with once upon a
time she's like you're talking to me
telling a story and as we look at that I
well anyway we will see it tomorrow we
just wanted to show you what we were did
she's like a bumble oh oh oh it's got my
blankie and my puppy got that cookie
back
oh why not this puppy this puppy and oh
I'm in a real puppy
but baked potato baby
thanks for watching
Britt Ailey
