today we Andy Andy we have a surprise
for you
it all starts all that what do you guys
doing again is starting over again all
my feet is white snow and they're all
snapping and rubbing in and don't know
I've been crying well I have good news
it's Friday Friday oh and the days
starts again who's not snowing here
let's go we can find somewhere that has
Peaks now hmm I don't think we have time
for that
cuz it's school time and we got a
workout time all right guys we're gonna
get our day started I'm excited that
it's Friday but it's you know no I was
gonna say it's the same ol same ol same
ol but it's not cuz we got Radio Disney
Annie and I are going to Radio Disney
today I don't know what these two two
are gonna do so we're gonna get our day
started they're gonna fight apparently
they've been up for an hour crying over
snow have you guys been awake cuz it's
only like 7:30 in the morning we've been
getting up early we went to bed so early
last night it was like 9:30 that's me
early for us school yeah yes yesterday I
let them do school at night not
happening today that did not go very
well might as well didn't go workout cuz
you're gonna complain about
all right let's go Haley's like no
school work out no II welcome to my life
breakfast y'all I might try to do no
carbs for three days I'm not no no no I
don't know what I'm gonna eat I don't
usually eat breakfast but I feel like if
I'm not eating carbs I'm gonna be
starving so we're gonna have some
breakfast we're gonna try a new schedule
today where it's they're gonna eat and
start school we're gonna start school
around 8:00 they can do it while they
eat or they could eat real quick first
they're gonna do school for an hour then
we're gonna go work out for an hour then
we're gonna come back and do two hours
of school then we got to get ready for
Radio Disney so it's kind of similar to
the same schedule except we're starting
we're still doing three out of school
the schedule is not similar I don't know
why I said that normally we start school
at 9:00 and do school till noon so but
we want to put work out in there
oh I got more bagels
burned bagel okay so that's the plan for
today we like trying new schedules oh
and seeing what works the best we want
to work out and be healthier someone got
into the refrigerator last night and ate
leftover pizza and so the vacuums
cleaning it up what is it fancy fancy
yeah we're gonna wash your hair today
Haley's hair needs to be washed after
yes after definitely well you're gonna
get ready after school we got this
that's beautiful
okay here we go so I've got some coffee
over there but I want to like crush this
and put it in there but I'm not sure how
about this leg would this work if I
crushed the candy cane like no I'm just
gonna see if it were common that's not
absolutely a cool footage if I get it
off of the tripod or something who say I
don't hit the fan right here in my
little bags Puckerman so now I'm gonna
put these in I feel like I'm shooting it
for maybe
tada now I'm gonna do school so okay so
I put the like this thing part the other
part in it and I'm started like using it
as a straw and that action is kind of
working like have you guys ever put a
peppermint thingy majiggy in a lemon it
actually works
Hailey's tried it and that's so you
should try it is really good so now I'm
having peppermint coffee from that thing
it does it word I mean you can draw I
might not work with that little one
oh good good like literally had not done
anything
date it is 944 only 14 minutes later
than our schedule which isn't bad this
page ran to target and got me some stuff
to eat that hour isn't carbs we're going
to work out for an hour or and it's back
to school and our pool oh you need the
key
and our pool got drained because it had
like a crack in it or something so they
are working on that today it's a kind of
a bummer that we don't have the pool but
at least they're fixing it
look how much water's in there yesterday
it was completely empty you should go
and jump it in there yeah it gets warm
enough I do too because the outside is
not done you can see it's torn up still
but we're gonna get our workout done two
days in a row look where I am guys look
at me okay
see you when we're done y'all they're
really riding bikes today seriously I
don't know how to do it try it and then
I'm gonna do the elliptical for at least
30 minutes and then I want to do some
weights and some ABS that's my plan
weights from my arms it's good Vikings
good exercise
sure all right I don't know how to make
it lower I can try to help all right
so we just finished breaking out and we
are going back to apartment this we did
one out of school and now we're doing
two hours baby whoo the pool the pool is
probably like different the good thing
about and I can't open the door what are
we gonna do when we're done with school
and we're gonna we're gonna go to this
target again oh yeah we're gonna get our
nails who are you do not wait I want to
get a renewal he'll get for her face
nice tears here we go stairs use theirs
we're gonna try to pick the stairs every
time we work out oh it turned blue
oh yeah we should all try it the same
time I think slots look like a banana
your schools running so how are you
listening and paying attention yeah we
don't have straws that'll make me feel
like I'm eating something we don't never
mind it's fine I might just that's so
good do you taste the spinach get your
veggies and friends hey we're on our way
where we go with Annie we are going
Radio Disney
Italy I don't know that's like me
actually
because a bird I did know it's actually
the Radio Disney we're going to radio to
do you're gonna do a live stream
it's not just you she gets nervous about
doing things there's other people there
so stay tuned not matters
bad
thanks Paige for doing her hair I think
it looks great
hey guys make sure to check out Friday
live three on the west coast hey guys
make sure to check out Fri a three
o'clock on the west coast make sure you
be there that was great when you started
dragging my leg she's she's trying to
littering
she didn't know what it was for the
first time she didn't she didn't vlog so
I did it for her he took the last one
how do you feel one didn't Natick - I
only thirty take on it looks good and
then like flip it to the back
nervous I'm scared I'm excited what is
your favorite areas the whole use the
holy cookie that's appeal how'd you guys
do
hey you nail it we nailed it we nailed
it they nailed it and now we're gonna go
get something to eat
how'd it go lady wait we didn't say we
got her nails oh god your nail listen to
him no I had the camera they got the way
they got their nails done look out fast
if it looks in here no we're watching
music videos we just watched and she was
perfect and we were all like oh I've
never seen that music video we're like
oh look look at the shoe she's wearing
high heels all day okay these are our
Marshalls sale shoes they're too big for
Haley but she's dancing around in them
half off you guys it would be cute if
they made them a little less of a heel
for you and in the size that fit you you
should design some stuff so daddy-o
he's on an airplane right now and he
always picks the flights that doesn't
get him here until 11 o'clock at night
and he's away and he can't get into the
building without us coming to get him so
now we're just gonna all stay up as late
as we can you say all like yugioh we're
gonna try we're gonna watch movies and
just sit here and watch it
we've got go workout we've got six at
6:30 right now so we're gonna all stay
up and like just watch movies and hang
out until daddy gets here I don't want
to say it by myself okay
can you make yep you guys time so oh my
leg what I said the revolution of Taylor
should not the evolution is it
revolution its evolution oh not revving
music evolution reputation is the name
of the album no no like the evolution
like when she was Oh evolutions the word
yeah revolution okay you look fine
you guys tomorrow's a big day Annie's
party well it's in Malibu which is a
little ways away from here so we need to
just kind of get up and start getting
ready I think
we have to get up early malum yeah he
just says that I might oh it's from a
movie
Malibu's go sell film pace she's mad
blue kala bear wants to be her face okay
I've been at any car page I'm hungry and
I yes I need to eat ever headache and
I'm blaming it on the no carbs right no
okay everybody let's play a little game
that I like to call who's faking and
who's not okay so we know Haley is not
faking
let's see if you think these two are you
guys we're so cranky because we're
waiting for daddy to get here and
Annie's whiny why is it so cold in here
I keep getting hot I like it at 68 when
I'm snuggled in my bed but when I'm not
I want it to be like 72 and Haley turned
it up to 72 but it does not feel like 72
we're gonna fall asleep you two can go
to sleep
Paige you're staying up with me me too I
did not mean to Mike and he's not gonna
be here for another hour I don't know
how to be quiet
shower
all right
stay tuned to find out who falls asleep
and who doesn't and if we all fall
asleep then I guess there's nothing to
stay tuned until until he called my
phone wakes us all up all right listen I
have to tell them what happened hey guys
it was about five minutes after we
turned the camera off and Paige is like
why don't we pull this couch off that's
a great idea why don't we pull this
couch out and they're making fun of me
but I was just trying to explain that
I'm just delirious and I need carbs
that's all yes no any closer than seven
but that was Paige you're not being a
good influence on me
listen I'm usually the one I am not
eating carbs I have to at least make it
a day I said three I said three well I
should not be talking I like you yes
I've been so good but I am feeling that
I need something I've had plenty to eat
I think my body just really wants some
carbs Paige be strong oh my gosh I love
you forever no because when y'all laugh
it is it dizzy it was laying when your
pillow and I'm like a person in your bed
it was creepy but with the big surprise
the girls literally just fall asleep ten
minutes ago Hey hey Annie Haley Annie
daddy's here I don't know we can wake
them Andy
Annie we have a surprise for you
surprise any good Annie Annie we have a
surprise for you have a special guest
here two special guests right three
special get well they'll be really
surprised in the morning yeah this is a
dream this isn't real life they
literally just fell asleep okay well we
didn't do a question today no questions
a day tonight see you tomorrow bye
number two celebrate
thanks for watching
tailee
