time for the dog - he's out fine we love
it when he got a good amount of snow on
the ground for it only went up selling
for like an hour or so when he loves it
oh thanks she's peeing on my porch
wonderful thank you any volume see what
you do in pipe when did you like it your
favorite color pink okay I thought might
maybe white because she was white hmm
are you gonna go down the stairs Winnie
and play yeah I think she's having just
as much fun up here
Winnie can you call her you need a
jacket
I think it's barely freezing though I
think it's like 30-something but can you
go get a jacket um you're gonna be out
here Winnie where'd you hide are you
hiding don't you hear the door closing
hey Viper oh that's coming out - he can
stay out here yeah hyper Olaf does not
want a warm hug from you put the jacket
on goofballs gum here yeah good idea
ready come here buddy now I know earlier
today it was just kind of no I mean like
barely goodness got like five minutes
while looking only that was covering up
a whole thing's covered pretty cool it's
jumping at Facebook no you're not
dressed for it either
I present you her oh honey
my mom's yeah you got all snowy way to
go oh well you got to go buy another
jacket that's a good idea
Rosen come out in the summer no no I
didn't Rosen came out last did I giving
like 2013 I think yeah yeah hey yes oh
no no wait on this past Thanksgiving no
wait I was out on Thanksgiving no way
look it up hey that mean no falling
wasn't surprised yes on this wonderful
snowy day and it's still with Olivia at
her playdate almost time for gymnastics
and we are unpacking and putting laundry
all right I was right wait no 13
well we got big snowflakes coming down
now whoa out there Whitney is still
playing and Haley still has not does not
have a jacket on like all this wow these
are huge snowflakes isn't catch them I
know the other humongous try to catch
one in your mouth
forget what oh this is me these are my
skills me jack oh if you do need like a
chow nothing Giants no blink all right
ready no I'll stop us from having fun
inside doing outdoor activities yeah I
wish that we were in Hawaii right now
yeah okay here we go
yes no because this is smelling Hawaii I
start back here ready was that you're
gonna come this way yeah
okay got some obstacles on the grounds
of dog toys
Olaf you know all right I'll see the
movie Oh
hey you get it
gosh you get it son no now I'm gonna
jump in the end Linda oh yeah right yeah
break an ankle ex game tricks going on
Olympic
well I just got back from gymnastics and
I'm not a big fan of the what is it
called Ching okay and um instead of
eating it I'm gonna see if the baby
doesn't look like it and is it gonna be
hard
yeah hopefully sigh don't like eat it
nope nope and I just can't snap I got a
coin
an Instagram pop in stir gram where is
my mind like a Mardi Gras party Oh Tori
you like hidden we gonna party
why should we go Arnie yeah yeah I would
a party right now this is the party Oh
worry dance okay I've got to show you
guys this oh I just saw it right behind
you I mean hang on
there goes I think that someone is tired
tonight Jonny yes and someone is
annoying her mm I wonder who didn't
mommy mommy it's a necklace
yeah is it uh it's a hula hoop even
input of the thingies and then you for
the thingies out oh my doesn't fit over
my shoulders Oh Jim this problem come on
there's gymnast problems how are your
sleepover
yeah you guys have fun you eat
did you eat syrup at your sleepover
I'm not supposed to mean Haley do it
what'd you guys do name flex well gee
Olivia just give him that nightmare he
played and he built for shame on ya what
Amy and York pad dork Maddie's guys and
didn't she get something new yeah I'm
gonna be playing on my mat what dad I
just punctured the whole whole cake and
you'd find baby way to go first heavy
he's a fizz and crying yes it's fine
anyone on this one - Allie bounce Baby
Gone Baby Talk sure - okay did you use a
knife and just stab wound before we go
ja ja ja need it you what are we
teaching the kids the kids I'm a kid -
Annie you're horrible with that don't
like mash it uh honey Emmy I want to now
we're still gonna eat it mm-hmm you may
not like it but I like it I'm trying to
do it mommy
no no horrible job Nana
all right you're ruining it you take the
knife away from her
Oh God oh yes
booyah four
but only get your name back I give you
back okay like fondle my hey give me
back there you go there you go snitch oh
but on grilling huh
36 seconds okay so Johnny I don't see it
mm-hmm yes Vince got him playing with a
dog he was singing too much of the
singing but it was pretty cute yeah um
you do lady
yep a coupon for Christmas at said and
it will clean my laundry winter yeah was
it what was it it was cleaning
everything you know I'm right it is oh
yeah okay I'll do it
thank you if you want to use it right
now that's what I want to do oh I'm
sorry that expired at the end of the
year
oh yeah I did oh good for 2014
oh don't do that
it's expiration date only so dad yeah
didn't have an expiration clearly marked
on it he can redeem it well he lost it
so he can't use it so that's what you
should have done you should have waited
to like you guys are like 25 and then
Calder hey um remember that in 2014 long
lost it so he came here to present the
coupon at time of use hold on do you
like to feel me I'm sorry of my hand hey
look through it don't I'm gonna face you
help me tilt
you guys just created a bigger mess for
yourselves not abase not 'no babe
what how he has to tell himself the
other know his softer oh nice experiment
too because I filmed all day today on my
phone I don't know why but let's see
what it turns out like comment down
below if you notice the difference so
we've had a longer laxing day okay well
I we had to do laundry but that's fine
um and now it jumps question today which
is going to go hailey me Caleb place
living doll house or a bouncy house what
would you say
oh good doll huh oh I need like a
dollhouse
No thank you small no Haley a human side
sized doll house rather a little jumpy
house because then you can jump in a
whole day nope no jumping that's the
only rule that you can't bounce me down
to health
that's us weird it's not it's I like a
bouncy night big bouncy house yeah yep
musical Mountain how about you ready
cool so what about you paper Oh
mother's rule is you don't forget to
calm down below do you want to know the
question today is knit in a dollhouse
we're about school see hey Jeremy
they're my age DJ we need to pitch bye
ah database database thanks for watching
Britt Ailey
