I remember that old thing it's like
flowers mess up you're gonna wear it
with a flower messed up hey we'll pull
it down pull it down if I didn't know I
was pink yeah we got a lot of paint
going on today guys see pink pink pink
and pink good going yay for puppy yeah
we're home and the puppies mrs. right
mixed are free our friends dad I was
watching it and the puppy was like she
does whoo yeah he's in as a picture let
me show them the picture yeah he doesn't
miss you at all yeah she doesn't miss
you my dad thinks he's funny but yeah
you're not on tiny desi
alright so this is the first picture
they sent while we were in dinner with
it what did it say nothing this one
doesn't say anything yes well no that
one actually no sorry that one was the
one he said I don't miss you at all oh I
don't miss you at all what's in that one
thing and I said oh great pic and she
does miss me and then he sent this one
and this one said she is in her favorite
chair watching TV Hank is her favorite
color so we had to get some paint and I
think it's somebody's favorite color too
somebody else I know
yeah and she said he said she gets up
and down on her own get in the chair I
said spoiled butts so cute
now we're gonna go pick our dog yeah
they pick one yet
yeah Winnie NN Piper yeah
who do you think's my soft I don't know
Piper skins pretty pretty soft but those
whinnies whinnies in Worcester
when Eva's got she's got more skin yeah
she'll saw and she's a newer dog yeah
and you've got lots of food did you save
that from breakfast yeah go wash your
face before we go yeah okay ready she
called me in here and got a little help
what happened how did you how did this
happen I tripped over the suitcase and
then it's acting me traveling troubles
huh what happens when you don't unpack
when you go okay I'm gonna start calling
you Caleb not cuz you're weird cuz you
are but because you're like truly
nothing guys are weird because you are
you're already weird like your brother
yeah I didn't do that one on purpose I
think it's the white dog crew nope okay
oh yes she loves pink hey Winnie did you
miss us hey Mike we did have a good time
what's wrong fight it looks like you
were crazy
yeah oh my gosh it everywhere we were
everywhere oh she only loved you
no I mean oh yeah we heard her favorite
color is pink Mike says look we want to
go see the pink chair alright cuz he the
pink chair that means all right this way
where's your chair Winnie that's her
picture there it is
wow you stole their chair that looks
like it's Sidney's chair sue it's bigger
than I thought hey what you doing
winning
you think you're big yeah you gonna try
to jump oh oh what you do when you're
gonna fall oh you got it oh yeah another
leg when he there you go
Piper you ho Piper's helpful hi bring
any vibrator your own yeh runs through
the house like a crazy maniac hey
where'd you go pie oh look who else is
here
they're thirsty hallo they don't want to
talk to you right now
feeling's mutual Piper what you doing
down there
city that looks like you're laying down
to me Oh what you doing down there
lame just drink it all with me
just drink it all home sweet home family
to get well Annie's a gem but what are
you doing your hair's getting in that
don't drink the dog water don't really
drink it after him okay thank you
oh who did know it go ahead you can do
it Winnie
Piper artis out there Piper want you to
come with her you had it go ahead you
can do it your big big dog try again
baby hold you move your big head out of
the way
come on you can do it go ahead you can
do it there you go you got it Winnie
there you go
and they're off come high high high high
high six
oh jeez excited see you Annie any time
from gymnastics or something no I
what Oh Piper slobber you here not hyper
yeah like where she said hi for you
already
hi you tired you're at my hammock broke
up dude so tired you exhausted yeah the
longer a check standing up she's you
miss her
mm-hmm wait I chose that did you miss
them
I know you miss Piper you ran right to
her Dean
you missed so much now can't get up put
those back legs up today's video is all
about dogs and how we miss them so much
I think that's pretty much all I filmed
about yes look at that dog look at dad
on this look at it look at it
rock on it feels good look look down
look down look at that face don't let go
yeah yeah
you see them Oh Annie's fixing her some
leftover pizza cuz we haven't gotten
gross dorks we're out of town but look
haha both dogs are like oh what's in
there
no they don't need people food look they
have plenty of dog but dude look what
would you just give her Oh dog food she
likes to eat it up I know she's weird
look she's eating it out of the bowl now
I haven't seen the pop my finger or that
puppy and forever
I'm sorry ty there I gotta see me too
Hey and Maria re always watching a movie
because mommy and daddy last movie
upstairs here we thought let's watch a
movie downstairs I don't know a Carol to
do it but this is taking so long has 30
okay
bed it had 34 minutes left and now doing
up now has an hour and three minutes but
it doesn't really go that slow it just
goes like actually this it might be like
50 and then after that it's gonna go at
20 it's gonna skip I don't know it's
weird
it keeps going up and down and up so um
we're gonna do the question today okay
good
who scared me I let the microwaves just
going on fat in a Hannah Hannah popcorn
okay oh gosh oh my hat hug anyways um
we're gonna do a cousin today and the
question today I had thought of but I
think it's going to be what's your
favorite type of candy mine I really
like Mike and Ikes
we're fight Andy dots they're really
something kind of I really like to
Charles and Mike and Ikes my probably
favorite candies Rob that's really hard
and M&Ms hmm and the best part
Oh need love and light nights I can eat
these while watching movie yeah oh and
by the way for watching The Book of Life
are you sure just cuz we haven't seen it
yeah I was in the stairs but we didn't
get to watch it
so I don't know if Caleb's cancer and
popcorn ready so don't forget calm down
left boom another question of the day is
what's your favorite type of candy
Thanks see tomorrow
Piper sick boom when you say bye say bye
Oh speak speak she doesn't get it
he says bye
so they see tomorrow hey I see tomorrow
ah baked potato baby
thanks for watching
Britt Ailey
