time for money so we're at the farewell
breakfast at last the last hours yeah
well I promise we can this will be your
last breakfast ever
our tables the fancy guys we went in
this yep
oh I'm you in my net laughs its proper
to how to and now Caleb think he's a
coffee drinker hey what what
so my good side just told by a little
bird named Ray that word Britannic
where's the bratayley group yeah one
look good so uh is ability birthday
today
yeah Kathy's birthday ah worth Emily
Emily Valentine hey get up here in
Sikkim and birthday I like 2935 whoa hey
we get up to PI wireless mic ground it
over go Emily Valentine romaker but
she's also an incredible singer so not
put you on the spot flower put you on
the spot
Billy or Sydney
you look a green bay Jack and perfect
uzbek to make your 6 campaign with the
Potala crew and they're totally awesome
totally funny and funny's you're gonna
keep patting me how I'm like whatever
gets those ones go happy birthday to you
happy birthday to
now it's hotel and packing no cameras
not backwards a second question the
first one wasn't a question but carry on
so cold for the pool it is remember that
like two seconds ago when we walked out
here and you're like it's cold and now
you want to go to the pool
oh you said it's not cold so today is
that ads birthday and um we were at that
gift shop yeah and
and I found this birthday Mickey hat I
got it for my hand he's wearing it
around know tell daddy turn what is your
hat okay I'm happy for it's my birthday
Kalen I'm not some mommy and Caleb's me
I can tell me feel more walking hurt
they have of course like I have oh it's
perfect
really cute I can wear it all day long
you up you do have to wear it all day
what cuz your birthday all day long
that's not only have how my quarter
birthday Oh tight is it on your face
right now
oh come on what is in the bag oh my god
this is not my - I need a Mickey oven
mitt a phone case why do you need a new
phone case daddy
chocolate birthday is this yours our
daddy rock candy the other one's mine
don't worry big brother anybody football
one is mine one Jordan wore but we're
about to well mommy is packing all of
our stuff out of it we came out here cuz
it feels really good
um I just like walking it's not really a
boardwalk but kind of fish I don't know
what it's called what's your YouTube
journey my ice cream we have here we go
here we go here we go listen she's gonna
show us she's gonna show some gymnastics
here we go ready 1 & 2 ever ever ever
I'll make some feet ready thank you hmm
oh wow that's cool yeah it's better I'm
not that strong like oh my god oh my god
oh my god alright Caleb's up whoo that's
a half barrel come on
she said now Alexa teach them what I
taught you
I don't know something sing us a song no
you don't see something hangry banana
like that yeah you just angry banana we
heard that you guys were out to an angry
banana today so chill we're hanging out
here with the reality change I'll do the
anger banana map are you guys like to
thank your phonetic yeah let's do it
my hands are full so I'm gonna film the
angry bananas you got two cameras I am
food and no more their kills
remember delish you don't get you all
right loosen up right yeah
ready sure what to be yeah you guys are
angry banana nine cracks yeah good job
and good luck
gymnastics it was nice to meet you guys
are awesome that was good that was good
y'all loose now all right well tell us a
little bit about you guys so we're the
reality changers and we have a YouTube
channel just like you do we vlog and we
sing we don't do any gymnastics
fortunately I tried to but I can't
anymore the angry banana was pretty cool
that's pretty si si that's as elastic as
I get gotcha
and we've been around for a couple years
Carly what's your name Alexa how old are
you and you sing right and I saw some
cool dance moves for you this weekend
now she's ten all right we ready for a
picture hell yeah girl okay hit are the
same age
sad panda bees we get to ride a bus and
a plane and a car today take it home
you got till everybody's in a different
terminal
goodbye
give her a hug
sleepy Halley
have fun with you thanks for being my
buddy hey thanks for coming pay
I think I love you have to give me a hug
the whole trip
Oh
I pay I take a picture mommy taking a
picture doing what
well you do you make sure of who took a
picture of you why do you have a dime on
your forehead doing no reason could you
look that like a better stick
no it's balancing how are you balancing
it it on the world see Hailey's
glasses broke like big-time broke not
the screw just missing my bus here today
okay like broke broke what do you mean
frame broke you got to put your other
leg off of em when we get home oh why
and guess what happens on Tuesday right
you go see the eye doctor
so he can look at your eyes and tell you
you can take your glasses off for good
or not he said you poor he might not
you're right you bet he's probably gonna
let you take your glasses off he lost
you'd want don't he think she'll be
ready yeah tomorrow Tuesday not tomorrow
but the next day oh yeah right Jeremy
Nathan oh you're right II might still
scared
and oh hello 4head
airport waiting get on our plane and
look across every year we got some
picture posing going on well Haley just
stepped in front of the camera picture
posing a blurry picture version and a
split picture taking in Caleb is I don't
know why we're coming at you live from
the Orlando International Airport and we
have a very fabulous guest today
her name is Haley well she's going to be
performing her dance routine
okay I know why my accent just goes from
radio host and country okay
radio host did you hear that did you
hear that
are you listening doing right here yeah
while your plane is 10 minutes away the
best sort of entertainment is watching
your child dance I don't know why I'm
mood and talk like an elder but I I'm
not even very good it's kind of creepy
isn't it yeah just a little bit cheeky
just a lot I think I'll stop serving
stuff why have not stopped or correct I
don't even know what accent I'm doing
right now but it keeps changing just
stop please come on guessing you kind
said just that I guess Oh M my gosh TV
serie yes it is
finally like the week is finally done
because I mean it's been such a long
wait and we are worn out but it looks
fun so that mean Disney's fun right guys
and so today I thought of it is Disney
or Pixar movie yeah Halley Mouse don't
actually think there was a movie thing
between us but okay I have it hidden
tonight I had to sit beside you actually
but you can't decide I have to oh
you good all right Mary popping right
and you think okay okay well the other
one seems like it's not very important
so you can't like Mary Poppins better
I'll tell you decide that handy movie
probably pick oh my got the other one
Elsa that way don't like but in who you
would pay me frozen Danny this is not
we're naming all the Disney movie and
Pixar movie and Mary Poppins
now look I'm Annie let me go try to find
my phony just name all the Disney movies
so hey is frozen and I said nothing and
new and I say Pirates of the Caribbean
no parts Caribee and it's so not scary
minute no it's movie huh you want to
watch it yeah I don't really scare you
would not like it stop it I do like
mermaid that come up and bite you yeah
they didn't they drown you yo my man
were maybe there were real mmm so guys
let's wrap it up do by 9 I use a nickel
don't know pop down below is we gonna do
apparently to Annie it's II do so well
it's II do study Annie oh yeah there
Rory you said that but you're going to
Disney yeah yeah you were like idios I
like something like that yeah I think I
didn't Viggo
Oh amigos ah dang uni goes jonathan de
la jolla Lila don't be shy
Oh scared ding kiss the girl me
something something something something
something something something something
gotta kiss girl Annie come on in any
spec - sing let it go let it go wow
we'll see you guys tomorrow but babe
thanks for watching Brit Ailee
