but we also got the one that came with
you guys we were flipping out about an
all series that's about the fires like
thank you for your concern it's like
they're closed you guys like we we call
Jimmy last night and we're like should
we be concerned like should we go to
sleep or should one of us stay awake and
like make sure like they're closer than
I thought and he was like and we've
never ducked out with flat fires really
like the wind it's windy I don't know if
y'all know but in California in the Los
Angeles area there are seven let's go to
this window there's a couple fires going
on and moving like the with the wind and
houses are being destroyed I think a
couple people have actually died sad
like and people are evacuating crazy
oh good morning princess right in time
for smoothie but anyways we're used to
like tornadoes and hurricanes and snow
let's just say but fires wildfires not
used to look sorry I have to lighten the
mood because that's the depressed thing
to talk about the fires oh wait oh wait
yeah she just wants the record mine
yours and Haley's doing as if it wasn't
raining
like flip out how is it good
how's your tailbone Annie
last night she sat down on those steps
y'all it was during the question of the
day and if you're I don't know if it
will make it made it to the video or not
but when she got up and got on camera
her eye was all red and I thought it was
allergies I'm like your eyes red but cuz
she plopped down just like you did but
hard and missed and tailbone to this
edge right here her that's still hurting
is it is it better like like bad like
couldn't walk
she was trying I was like why didn't you
tell me because cuz I just wanted to in
the question of the day I could tell you
what happened I thought I was like your
eyes really red I didn't think she was
really like crying I thought it was
legit allergies but anyway you know
probably nabi we've missed one one so
far
you know she got that second piercing so
we're talking about how you have to
clean your ears three times a day so we
probably need to do that
have I been filming all morning no I've
been filming though for a solid three
minutes
now I woke you up and then page started
fixing the smoothie so I figured that
was fun
Haley took the whole bed I mean a nice
sleep with me cuz she was like couldn't
move last night with her tailbone turned
to bed before all of us last night
Annie couldn't move because Haley was on
one side and you were on the other and
she was like smushed in and I was trying
to give her medicine for her tailbone
and she was like she couldn't move so
I'm like get out of it and come in like
tail bones connected to the don't sing
me that song of a weird song all right
guys
morning update I got to go grab Haley
out of the bed that's what's happening
right now look how clean Paige and I
have been straightening all morning
keeping up with us this time
look at this should I drag her out of
the bed yeah okay my friends look at
this some of you probably have already
seen it but Haley was asking for some
content he's like I can do the best of
Bertolli and it's like a weekly recap of
like the best clips
I just took congratulations you still
have to get it approved though but so
this is gonna be on Haley's channel if
you want to see like the best clips from
the week you can find what you know what
the best little clips of and you can get
more bratayley
next week is going to be the best
they'll be a link below to get to
Haley's channel and make sure you
subscribe to Haley's channel and give
some Hailey channel some love all right
play
what do you think hey that was so good I
love it I love a little recap my
favorite I gotten all the best moments
from the week I can't wait to see next
week
that was one week how much we did yeah
yes a lot and that was like but our
daily videos are like that long and then
he takes the best of our day not cool
yeah do you love it so wait wait is it
gonna come out on Mondays yes this came
up yes please yes we're going to work
out look at our cute little workout
okay petition we're gonna throughout the
week we're going to be mindful if what
we say good morning we're honest they
complain so cute I'll save Iowa and then
we all like just seeing that make sure
you like be mindful like you know like
all right we got our workout outfits on
I did thank you very much
feel her toothbrush it's dry I don't
know why did brush its drop a scratch
your teeth gave me little kid win look
about a little mouth no my fingers ended
well you see the Tom's the UH
you get her in you have a good they have
to think all right so we're uh yeah you
have to do that we've got to go work out
I'm feeling motivated this morning they
have completely motivated me they've
been working out last couple days and I
want to go
because I just need to be healthier you
don't need to smell good hey so no it
was a little too we went down to work at
home well everything was taken so we're
gonna go walk around for a bit and
that's what we're gonna do and then we
we're gonna make a promise I'm gonna go
work out and don't judge us if we don't
know we are yeah okay we are still
walking around and after this for
working out no we shall to eat
that good might like the photographer
try come closer
y'all this was the best walk ever we
walk we ate and chopped instead of
exercising but no yeah we're no I was
talking to Paige we are going to
exercise right now stay tuned as
promised we are here we made it guys we
made it I'm gonna do an elliptical no
want to do a bike I'll do a bike for a
little while there's another one if I
want that there's three right next to
you one two three yeah there's three
okay hey hey you can't be like crazy
running off all over okay alright we're
gonna get these workout started we'll
see you in I'm at least do this for I
don't know how for how long I don't know
I haven't decided how do you work this
thing I want scoot up alright guys we'll
see in a little bit
I I have one more thing left to do in
school and you guys gonna help me with
it
hurry I'm at 2%
okay how are you supposed to school go
me
I just finished right before your eyes I
know I'm amazing
Yeah right okay so now we go and see
what Haley's doing if she's just gone
looks like not she's I am doing school
what you do Paige what you do huh huh
hey have you seen your maggot cheese or
Chipotle listen listen listen we
wouldn't work out there and we made like
a deal that we were gonna eat no carbs
for three days but I was like until
Paige and I are gonna go to the store
and we're gonna get healthy stuff and
I'm like okay Paige let's go she goes
let's just start tomorrow so I get
carved one more time one more meal and
what paid did was a fail when we were at
Marshall's you guys I was I found some
cute stuff for like Christmas and stuff
like you know some little things for
them to open and hold on so the story
was I had this hidden under something
and Paige goes and grabs all her stuff
out of the buggy and it fell on the
ground and then
we saw in her Christmas present but she
goes don't worry mommy don't worry mommy
I'll act surprised so I let her try it
on I'm gonna I'm gonna wrap it up I know
even though it wasn't really her outfit
of the Big O and when we're in Canada we
bought those shirts that's because they
would fit both of you hopefully she
doesn't see this okay I was kind of Erin
she was so mad at me because I took
something so she like
blow ups coffee mugs and it says home
it's where my dog is which is really
cute
she I caught hi Alice acting like I was
getting myself them but then I got I'm
her them and she was like you should
probably get some Christmas here and she
didn't Christmas no stuff hidden in
there for you okay listen
so Annie's going on Radio Disney
tomorrow we have to pick out an outfit
go shop in your closet find something to
wear wait hey those aren't under present
I bought those really for me
because he needs out was a Christmas
present oh yes
not anymore I'm just kidding okay listen
I bought them for me but Annie and I
were the same size
so date I don't I find lots of sales the
sales yeah off me I'm about to be done
yeah right and he would cry always
talking I need it Pizza un have a
burrito
what would you have jo pehli would had
like cute yeah sandwich steak yeah yes
you all right so we are gonna pick out
some outfits or an outfit for Danny on
her life slippery yeah her live Radio
Disney debut wait
it's like a live show every Friday I
think they do it so wait us tomorrow yes
remember it's not that late oh wait I'll
be she's going to get us some dinner
actually okay I can meet you say your
back is really or okay y'all are weird
y'all are not done with school either I
let them know I'm checking
we had a deal that we would chill out
today and then do school tonight so
we've been doing school since we got
yeah and you know what they're never new
in night school again because they can't
do it I was a struggle was oh we ready
the dotted to contract
are you okay they look too big are they
too big yeah they're too big they're not
a Semin that wasn't a page oh yeah they
might scrape my floors let's not do that
remember when this room was clean
yesterday so this was a swarm it's all
clean you didn't know clean it up
no no food no polish does not resort to
violent all right
for real though we are doing pedicures
pedicures manicures and facials facials
facials and guys we've got candles lit
and we've got our Christmas tree lady
and we've got candy cave and I've got my
feet ready Paige is giving yeah we're
gonna probably put something on the TV
and we're gonna relax what
yes yeah you guys can just watch hot two
feet oh oh okay so we're all snuggled up
on the couch look at this I'm very
boning you guys I took a shower and wash
my hair and now I have a feeling what
skinny No wow I got water in my ear and
it's so annoying but if I hold it you're
like this it's better that hurts though
all right no we're not going to bed yet
we usually do the questions day right
before bed so we'll be back okay oh my
god she was eating the cotton balls that
grossed me out our that Bert Haley
that's always going to be come on yeah
cuz you boy listen to this though the
whole channel originally started as
Haley's channel like bruh daily and the
family kind of took over us so we're
good yeah she had retainment
yeah it was hers I know so why should my
own vlog Channel wait so we're gonna let
Haley have these weekly look at her
pants they're tied up in the back there
are 788 look what page did to my feet
Haley's doing her own feet she says dang
it did you mess up my carpet
really are you just saying that you need
tape we should be being quiet because
it's her birthday patient sorry sorry
Annie it's not much of a spa in here
someone's blaring some music I don't
know if y'all can hear that it's not as
loud as it was just a second ago it
might have stopped for a second okay so
we're gonna do a question of the day do
you like to have your arms scratched or
somebody to play with your hair cuz I
love both and I can't decide I'm gonna
go with somebody to play with my hair as
long as they're like being gentle with
my hair you know I mean like so my
friends we're gonna let Annie yeah enjoy
her birthday facial and I'll see you
guys tomorrow
I wish we knew that Annie was going live
on Radio Disney so we could have given
you guys a heads up but by the time you
guys see this it'll be over that's why
y'all should stay tuned to all of our
means stay tuned in to all of our
socials so you don't miss any
announcements although I have an
announcement on there but okay we're
gonna go good night guys bye see you
tomorrow
we love you comment down below
gosh it was beautiful jurors are my
voice Annie wants to enjoy her facial
bye guys to celebrate
thanks for watching
Vitaliy
