I couldn't find my blankie and Leslie
and hook up to cuz it was under her and
she woke up her nose right there she
went and bugged out well yeah I like
Katie was doing literally all the bed
stays like this I like in my corner like
this I got is my bed was just we're
trying to wake her ugly we got right
here and me and liver like right here
happen good
and they got the other now yeah together
it's like words what I'm talking and
then we tried to wake her up and we
accidentally pushed her off the bed is
here shaking her nothing after I'm like
no no no is it okay so I fell off oh
sorry I thought I heard something
morning oh they pushed me off the bed
and I fell and then Piper I was holding
her down when she bit it and she started
pulling me and I was trying to be yeah I
was trying to read the would you rather
and then she pulled me off the bed into
Jackson I didn't know what was coming
here so and then what were you doing
this morning before breakfast big blank
space ping sticks and making up a dance
yeah at the same time yeah why do you
wrong huh do I gotta see this dance no I
had diving boat with finish no enemies
Oh Piper trying to figure out she can
jump up there or not
hybrid do not jump on Katie no jumping
on Annie's friend let me see him oh yeah
really like table I mean who wouldn't
right well babe oh she wants your PC
Kodama driving or not on a cat turn the
camera off in save Katie Janice wait
let's go right wait what wait so it's
like right left come back and then use
one to straddle okay let's see this
thing oh my gosh I can do anything I can
do the next thing that's I mean but I
can do this thing where you work and
then you push out and you get on your
feet but minutes left and I can do this
thing where you push up on your feet and
you can't so yeah you have to surround
oh my god yeah we go me liver like this
damn it okay now we should you already
go against me but it's a great planet
feel like a really creepy fairy
oh yeah everybody's like be happy all
right it's not like advanced it's like
so much on your summary judgment yeah
it's a one very very very ill agreeing
okay okay sorry that's all yeah this is
a different one the one you were just
doing something here all right
okay are you ready right set wait
artisan suicides no no I always are okay
I am the price
you
Bravo that was really cute girl I'm
filming okay ready yeah oh I got to
rewind it okay
whoa what do you think is it creepy they
were going for creepy I think they
succeeded in creepy she's really doing
with my face whatever angle and they
return together Gina can you record it
I'm sure
and yours how you honey of you taking a
video way yeah hey guys well we are
filming a video and we're doing more
doing walkie-talkies and right now
Sydney hey say hi cut here oh hello
Sydney I'm into the camera the camera -
alright hear me yeah yes they can hear
you yeah yes totally we're best friends
forever
walkie talkie there's so much fun how
can you this so that's all we're doing
right now how did I see I'm singing in
into a walkie talkie dadad dot dot dot
dot d Red Bird red bird
okay so we're playing with these and
really got for Christmas yeah and so I
fine cuz I can stretch like 23 miles
I just wanted to moments with this crazy
like till now raw up here and yet cross
Evo's man and it's addicting dude
seriously really addicting I'm really
bad at it
it's so hard so we're not but I'm not
good at it no oh my gosh I did it yeah
go I don't want to I don't let it get it
up don't go hey go go get the Queen yeah
I got that far she's at 300 guys after
school
and what they have to do yes tell us ha
she's beyond difficut the cheek and tell
us all that you pretty least it's not
the other way around that's true daddy
you're very pretty
he's kind of cute even your dad's okay
with it
chicken gotta play fair club what's
harder fun to see you sad on the cheek
your telling you that you're pretty
you gonna fulfilled us there no I don't
even understand what I'm actually doing
I know what you're doing let me tell you
no kissing daddy on the cheek and
telling miss apologies pretty Oh No yeah
tell me I'm pretty
Thank You Linda Oh heshes got it you've
got a kiss miss Paul I mean there's a
traumatologist Beauty first and then
kiss daddy on the jiggers Ida pinch Luke
he's like no I said which other patron
would you rather me pinch you or kiss
you he goes bench for waiting okay right
you're gonna tell me I'm pretty are you
gonna kiss Medicis prepare myself where
are you going we have to be able to hear
you yeah no we have to be able to hear
you say it and see your lips
such as
so pushy
no how can you not catch your father on
the cheese yeah ma nope no now would
Luke kiss your dad nobody did it just
get it over with you play fair I know
that you've been giving them all kinds
of dares haha did the opposite - turns
out my dad okay you're handsome
are you a diamond what did you need okay
li me I'm sorry what did you mean I
meant how would you met okay okay guys
okay okay ready okay
maybe use your name I got this bill this
blows to be I like a pretty lace what
you just said that she's not available
no she'll be on the pretty ladies it's
bad luck oh you're on and there we go
okay I don't think I counted Wow
like beard
okay now they're for you
oh my gosh no you have to wear this oh
no I better one actually much better one
be careful little do you do what
100 just end we're doing walk talking
and I'm going to see how far we can get
with with us communicating something
working in the drive here filming say hi
sound like a robot
say hi thank know yes so you can hear
you know we can't pull pulling out of
the driveway are they still working they
better work out the driveway please -
the day same excuse me yes
so we just bathroom
she can probably still see us pulling
out of the driveway and off into the
wild blue yonder so when we hit major
points like the stops and say at the
stop sign we're driving we're driving go
on your stop sign no yes all right we
will update you guys on this walkie
talkie yeah we can still hear you say hi
I want to see how you sound
it's starting to break up it's starting
to break up
we didn't make it very far can you still
hear me
say something oh I can still kind of
hear you yeah but not enough for those
walkie-talkies to work can you say
something again
bye Chipotle mmm picker laughs I need
you to hear me and I talk with the robot
con you hey I got ya my kind of question
of the day can we ask about to include
walkie-talkie got lost
well you had a long ago I know we're
lost in the woods what's one item you
would want to have with Oh
a walkie-talkie large actually talking
that I if you're lost we're in the woods
I had one item I know what I bought the
phone I'd want what if it didn't have
reception I'd want a compass to spend in
the woods I mean II told uh be like hey
brah I'm rich be like oh you get eyes oh
like I got sunglasses to have a proper
answer to this one oh not a million
dollars not a compass that's not a
cellphone I mean a conference would be
nice okay if I had one item I could have
with me when I lost in the woods if you
like be my hood all a kid it would be a
terrain map
a map of the train woods
yeah Austin would that's outlaws trail
you ready be lost if you automatic
probably burn you have one item that
would be old I don't know a lot just
because they can help you get our loss
doesn't mean is not lost
oh the terrain map techy what if I was
dark the Sun changes its position of
this guy you're hired you're walking if
you're following the Sun then you could
be walking this way in the morning and
then that way and they when you're
really law you think you should still
trying to talk to go that are
you still trying to talk to her okay
well then maybe she is no maybe she's as
goofy as you are oh I don't think it's
the Chi hey don't answer if you hate me
dance if you hate
Oh decided she no George sir if you hate
me oh she doesn't hate Wow Caleb
I'm not wait to find race so don't
forget to come down locks and the
leather version today is daddy take it
away
the guy who lost in the woods work one
item much more now guys look I can
impersonate a lion take my thanks for
watching Britt Ailey
