time for my tally so it's neat day and
I'm ami doing my hair and here is what I
do in G says spray both girls need their
hair done I don't know who needs their
hair done more - I don't know I think I
think you need to look in a mirror you
both need your hair done what up yeah my
hair's done they worked strained it for
like 20 minutes this morning it not only
takes five oh you're doing um sure I do
what are we doing today we think hey who
put the second ounces spray to French
phrase right as we decided on last night
yeah mommy yes Billy
mom he's scaring me I'm probably the
camera camera the camera doesn't have
Bingley the people inside the camera do
yeah dad camera oh they're they're
watching somebody five four three two
one
here we are in Annie's car I really
think you in the show and then like it's
like it's everyone degrees no it's not
dad isn't 71 degrees at the core I know
that did I say
okay I just we're on our helicopter I
taught my hair would you like to have
some tea and crumpets no no Kara crumpet
I can make the mousse au chocolat jam
from pizza thing nay Omid Libre jump it
I like chocolate chip will do bad
they're not real they're fantastic okay
I'll be taking you on just okay we got
it down yes to a dress so we are on our
way to the meet
no we already
we did she talked to her head okay go
ahead like karate chop giggles hey guys
you ready you're gonna talk and the best
accent you have sliding with live I only
have tea okay I'm America bigot dish I'm
British what's up man
I'm British was that Massa Moore on
British pizza I like for hanging on the
pole and I'm British or as polish
society was a sweetie melody I don't
like the graphics but I do like me some
be nice go to singles okay either a
chance o CD and the way above oh don't
touch my hair uncovered we swear
and yet here's hairspray oh my god cool
guys gang can we do hey guys
dang what we gonna do today oh you don't
know Andy what about you eighty
something like that
hey Annie what are you gonna do today I
don't know what about you I don't know
what about you I don't know I think I'm
gonna get your dad things we know you
should say I don't know about you and
it's gonna keep going into a kid's
boring and then we're gonna say oh no
one asks me take six - no no no no we're
not doing what do you want to do today
hye-won Dupuy yeah I didn't find it was
blue you wanna do today
oh my gosh it'll happen I mean I made
you come back the other day so good what
makes cream on top of it babies did you
look I probably don't mind of that but
oh my gosh my gosh
yeah guys we jump it and live goes guess
what laughs check up on pathala but I
didn't come on she go she goes I got
chicken pot pie but eat it my ever
Tony's just gonna pop I over because
that's hard to say say 900 to go back to
go back
chata said well she got a New York
unique New York unique reading reading
unique New York unique New York unique
New York unique New York
you know I don't know quiet on set
j63 83 oh my god
okay take 64 Freddie go fine I'm da take
64 okay so we're done with our me yay
and we got reverse replace s team that
is odd okay so we what we ought first
place as a team yeah I placed all of my
hopes of me do I'm loving I please 250
metres everybody okay total all right on
bars I got an eight I don't know what do
you know ya used two quarters hands fire
it's on a little bit right damn I got
none h95 our floor got a 9 to 5 and then
on vault
I got a 901 right now so excited voices
but now I don't miss it
yeah
I don't remember any here so uh yeah and
I got to high scores into low scores on
floor I got a nine mixes cheese no 995
and on the beam I got a nine for no and
then on vault
I got a nice 902 and then on BL Mars
bars that is eight eight - yeah no - 85
okay baby we're high level about you
oh um I had a really bad horse day so I
had for watching hungry we're watching a
little mermaid miss the part where
Sebastian isn't the reason though he's a
passion and the chef is squishing all
his fish friends and making crab cakes
okay so he just found the crown I am
just really bad for day so I've got an
eight six on Mars
and then I got two nine three I'm one
which was we don't want
nine three on ball 109 and then I got a
95 on floor oh yeah oh yeah
sharing jacket that's what friends do I
look like 30-something Siri oh god maybe
lower than 30 now probably mystery dish
hey guys Danny live the question of the
day
Piper be quiet why should a dude here is
it it's that one
I know that ha ha all right stay up late
telling secrets or telling jokes telling
secrets secrets read I like let's see
yeah like Apple is day what severe oh my
god okay okay questions like baby
Kenji's waffle fries no crap whop Oprah
okay do I would definitely go with your
apple juice waffle fried with my apples
I make a tea but is telling secrets or
telling jokes
what say that's the question of the day
okay um I got no I feel like Billy as a
clown car I get it Kayla boxes I'm gonna
die I'm gonna be like Oh seriously okay
yeah okay Jos enough we should secrets
yeah we said Sigurd they're gel like
juicing with apple juice our table fries
okay I felt like telling tickets it's
like oh my god
Justin just stop camera I mean Kimberly
okay Massa Larry see you guys an LD mind
go ahead
oh my god see you good I mean like if
she's like oh my god
Callie just broke up with Brennan and
now he wants to date tymberlee I mean
hi alright hey yeah so I like the head
cheerleader who just broke up with her
boyfriend the head football player rah
rah - it gonna get like that and then
they say I played oh my oh my gosh Black
Card open it up empty
you wanna take me another chance to like
I don't lose it no we're gonna do it
like that
so I remember laying okay so this guy
just like the whole big band or
something he's like will you marry me
see it's like what if I said yeah I'll
be like I'll be happy the man of my life
this is Olivia right here where'd you
buy it I don't know again totally no no
no I look like it was made for ten
dollars
well then my solitary bored and anyways
so wait is simply telling tickets or
jokes okay I do did you say that
baekpa
take baby
thanks for watching
Britt Ailey
