time for me what's that stuff waiting
what's that stuff are you lost
cuz it all looks like you does it all
look like a Winnie ice no pup Oh golly
laila begum okay
cab stop cut hello i do me okay so it is
snowing um about not not really a lot
not as much as we had right we've had
more but we haven't seen the plug up uh
Snow Flower um until now oh wait there's
another one buddies nothing it so
anyways so the roads are really bad
we're trying to go to gymnastics and
then we're gonna go and get daddy to
work because his car couldn't get up um
our hill on our street so yeah there is
lots of traffic and we're probably like
gonna have
like we're never gonna get to gymnastics
ever ever a big traffic or hole we were
outside me um we
because Piper is outside with us pike
words outside with me and I'm playing in
the snow
as you can see oh my gosh you're gonna
go mmm
I love jumping on the trampoline with it
like has snow on it but bird okay yeah
yeah I don't have to hold you guys oh my
getting better can you clear that Oh
I'm mean by Piper be good just Piper um
got to me Jim oh hey oh oh breathing
okay I'm gonna have to turn you guys up
off and this then okay hey so I know
side on the chocolate I am about to flip
awesome
getting really numb okay we see the spy
I can be really high right now nearly
scared it's gonna break oh okay that's
all I'm doing
hey hold on her know in my case she did
it's your back hope I reread a run that
is fun she want to have a snowball fight
with you how she get it in your face he
jumped on me she jumped on you
where's your hat you need your hat on
it's over there
let me get it ice you slid down the
slide you might Stevie go down yeah I do
here wait put your head on oh yeah
stay warm I for no no hats for you not
in the right shoes you're gonna go up to
slide Oh bless you eat too much snow
again
Christmas what are you doing
you love it out here don't you this is
so much fun and when he had a little bit
of bronchitis did you know that she
likes it hey did you know that Winnie
has bronchitis when daddy took her to
the vet tomorrow so she can't come out
and play and the snow she can only come
out real quick to go potty cuz she's a
little bit sick she had a cold to the
cough no yeah I said we're more
discolored come from when lots of wit
reasons like people can spread their
germs and you can get contagious or you
can get a cold or you can get sick from
being outside and not being bundled up
well enough well I thought that snow was
made out of water in trees sweet tree
that's random water and trees make snow
hmm you know how snow is made yeah how
let us know let us know how to know how
to snow come down you know how snow's
made I'm pretty sure that snow is
freezes up in the clouds right it's like
sleet happens when it freezes on that
when rain freeze it on the way down okay
I can't go um oh yeah I can't I can't
there's let me fix this a little bit
before you slag down okay
ice-cream retries fiber was in the way
we heard you hyper hyper hyper don't eat
her soon I'm a good driver I'm gonna
catch you
just take
okay ah just taste her away Pfeiffer Oh
got bet oh yeah just wrong puffy
opticals stop about some and we have to
warm up and go to gymnastics and get
some all right well let's go do some hot
chocolate
I will fit oh yeah those are soaked
those are not snow boots you drab the
wrong shoes ha it is jacket off what is
terribly tight lad just another reword
tight wad oh that hate one what's a
tightwad Caleb she's mean reference as
it could be mean it's to somebody who
doesn't want to like spend their money
they're kind of cheap oh oh okay so how
where is it
don't be a tightwad oh yeah right mama
thank you you high-five them Oh Piper
licked you oh that's sweet we'll go it's
homework time is it going on right now
book reports and person worksheets going
on over here
right which one unscramble it read it
NIT Mike will sit still no sound out
with ISA steep oh but it's only one Val
step step
yep
yeah so we're so was right Wow glad you
guys you guys left me that boy you were
hungry daddy II like what happens when
you go to baseball
it was walrus motion steps the I'm Swiss
swell so we're butter to visa so we
sweep Mike will steps the sweet does
that make sense when you unscramble that
what do you think it's a weep and uh
step who Mike will sweep now you got it
my country my steps sure you call them
Mike's no good it's Mike's number on
here can you call Mike H time right yeah
four four zero
just dial four four zero and Michael
come let me try that dialer why didn't
it go you as we didn't because Mike
there he's what you did for you didn't
know it I did four four zero like you
said Mike Mike yeah dude when you need
some steps to sweep my knee you didn't
even press yeah oh you're smart
but can he come step the sweeps or steps
the sweep
did you think about Mike Oh drink mommy
no prank calls okay
you shouldn't even know about prank
calls we're calling that's pretty cool
daddy oops
I don't know
don't look at him under a while now
hello hello ruthless are you sure you're
at frigerator running
yes well young up on you nice prank
don't try this at home kids calm again
one prank call a day that's nice of me
to give you one print call a day free
call you mM do you know my number don't
say it out loud I don't need bother
calling I do yeah give him daddy's
number he likes when people call him
well oh my gosh I've got a call from
home I wonder who this home a person is
oh let me answer it and see hello
let me put this home a person on speaker
hello oh who is this serious the what oh
oh I was just wondering when you're
going to deliver my pizza how do you see
me that's creepy
on is it it is oh I guess it's done
mom is it on yes okay so I'm still doing
my book report and it's been a very high
anxiety say goodbye to Nani before my
gymnastics and she would have been gone
after I was back home so I didn't get to
actually go through the airport and drop
her off and so nobody else is up here so
I guess I'm going trapdoors in the bag
and I'm still doing my book report then
I'm gonna go and take a bath
can we visit with you guys
I'm filming here it's building a but
just in time to do the question today
with her I pick this page I also hit oh
I got it
yeah oh you ready oh don't be okay okay
so Haley which one this one or this one
uh I don't kind of babe all right float
like a butterfly or sting like a bee
sting like a bee and then I can sting
people whenever I want to do float like
a butterfly good then when I don't want
people to say anything I can sting okay
was understand bird tweets or dolphin
squeaks hang on something's been bugging
me for like the last two videos quickest
quickest quickest way cleanly oh oh it's
better there Oh a is still there there's
like a spot see yukari's nice
they can't miss pit amusements it they
have to be cleaned not gross I cleaned
them I love you
they're all clean you know they
appreciate the bad like Kaylee fee first
actually Oh understand bird tweets or
dolphins we go from squeaks something
here you can copy you what about you
definitely dolphin squeaks yeah and what
about float like a butterfly ersten
float like a butterfly oh yeah mommy
around it stings like a pig because if I
could go off on people duck and sting
Thank You library
I don't sing that dog I've got your
finished
so don't forget condemn love to do
another question today is other
questions of the day is our is our and
far better fly or sting like a bee and
understand our tweets or dolphin squeaks
mm-hmm my birthday babe thanks for
watching
Britt Ailey
