today on detailing but you can do math
with straight hair tie for me you might
be wondering why the hair so crazy we
are young we are straightening it oh
it's sticking at them really see Sarah
we just brushed all the tangles out with
no water normally when we do Hailey's
hair we spray some detangler on it and
if we wet it and with the detangler and
then comb out all the tangles and it
gets nice and curly but we brushed it
all dry so we get straighten it and look
how full beautiful yeah and what are you
doing for school what are you making I'm
making a bunny yeah you're gonna be like
a puppet great though me right yeah yeah
I'm telling right here - yeah you got
some hair on you kid hmm baby I like it
mm I'm gonna watch the video you just
record it yes
Figaro yeah you go look in the camera on
your computer
there's the before oh are you gonna
record again super-long hailey oh my
gosh what do you think took a long time
I think that took 30 minutes yep oh my
gosh and this is after so straight this
is Molly
you're Molly again
that's what you're doing cutting out
bunnies don't cut it here oh I'm making
a bunny puppet good buddy what's your
favorite class in school probably our
heart and second favorite the hard
question numbers numbers you're really
good at math as you know what killed
those two Eagles well I was gonna give
you something a little harder what's the
square root of 64 square whoo square
root uh what's 561 thousand times zero
okay JJ what's two million times zero
Julian no zero anything times zero is
zero
what's two million times 1/2 million
barian 2 million times 1 3 million no no
sometimes 2 million times 1 is 2 million
anything by one is that number so what's
6 times 1 times 1 is 1 6 what's 6 times
0 6 0 I'll remember anything times zero
is zero anything times one is the number
what's what's 7 times zero a good what 7
times one
seven times one is anything times one is
that number so seven times one is six
seven what's 8 times 1 8 with 8 times 0
0 good now you got it
what's 400 times zero zero
what's 400 times 100
oh yeah all right that's where math for
the day just kidding you got to do your
school math don't it but you can do math
with straight hair your mommy
Avenger I am making it better better
than math with one hair one here look at
that meat no no no I just made it up
it's done with my butt oh it's cute he
does she go with her name I don't know
ok ok ok ok ok go showing on your
straight hairs and yeah yeah hold up
hands up don't leave my doll matching oh
poor Piper Oh second go I had this dog
because and then go run away so we had
the kitchen but you in the bed don't
know oh poor Piper oh poor Piper and
dogs
oh darling you tunic at Nobu hello and
Piper and weenie fish supper
dogs Oh bye bird so I just got back from
a gymnastics practice and Haley's
mangies her maiden grown on and my mom
got her matching outfits
bunnies cuz Haley loves bunnies and and
she has all same hair tells me it's are
just like me and um well after this we
are going to clean our rooms um and I
had a very good first day back from
gymnastics get your money you saw well
it's a bunny yeah button shirt on daddy
so sometimes you guys can have a good
day then some kind times you have dad
and I would say mine my day was pretty
good run off okay so that's all stocked
up yeah that's what we can put your
bunnies off it has been a very long day
and I'm spending it cleaning because
there's pretty messy so that is what I
oh and so that is what I am doing and no
I'm tired
um it's really nothing to film about so
um my grandma is about to go home for
because you know you can't stay here
forever
like oh I'm shirt can't be this can't
ask her nanny multitasker Oh so yeah and
that's my sad and just been along along
but hasn't been long really it's been
long and way that you know it's full
day's its long long day but I mean we
haven't really got anything you know
just a break away today yeah that's
pretty much it like some days just
really boring in very few days are like
fun for you guys to watch so I don't
know how you guys can contain yourself
watching this every day so please I've
got to say thank you so much for all of
you still watch you know watch from like
the beginning of hours and I mean it's
just wonderful that we've gotten to six
hundred thousand subs hand that even on
you know some boring days like today the
really didn't film a lot wouldn't really
do much you guys still watch and think
that
and just like the videos and yeah thank
you for that that's one so before I get
into like deep sub because I don't want
to UM I gotta clean my room so by now I
have to watch the puppy because my dad
already went to sleep my mom has to take
it back so I'm watching this bad puppy
oh okay there's a rat and for me okay I
know when we get off a purse no no I
don't care enough yeah you don't care
Hayley wanna babysit the dog yes you
back bye bye what so now what you guys
have been waiting for all day
the question of the day grit dare they
all fail they always wait the most the
best part of the day it is it's like the
relaxing part of the day well some
sometimes it's realizing which person in
your family history would you most like
to meet and why what your family history
look someone you've never met within
your family like maybe feminine sorry my
cousin Marie did oh I know who's Stacy
Stacy did you met Stacy okay that's fair
enough
Stacy was my cousin and she passed away
a few years ago and she loved you she
loved you too but you were only like a
year old but she loved you
hi present itch on your nose on your
nose paper oh boy each day place Oh
Haley what about you do you know who
would you want to meet in your family
history so Haley's not cooperating
tonight so I guess just don't forget to
calm down look so you would know the
question the day is who would you like
to meet in your family history and why
by tomorrow can you be free bye babe
thanks for watching
Britt Ailey
