time for what Amy well I have an
interesting story
um about mastics this morning well I
woke up and welcome Nunez in your master
Sofia Oh it'sa mastic and um we did a
bunch of laps and then I kind of pushed
myself too hard and um yeah my head
started hurting and my stomach started
hurting and I felt dizzy and so I went
home and um where I was gonna go hi guys
I wasn't gonna go the full the full
practice but I push myself too hard and
um yeah after that I did some
conditioning and then I slid home
because I didn't feel well no my mom is
put on the laundry I don't we have to
put away nah yeah I'm trying to get a
head games back to come on you
disappointed oh gosh I Drive wait wait
oh yeah we wish you a Merry Christmas we
wish you a Merry Christmas we raise you
Christmas and a Happy New Year
Oh bring us some veggie burgers you
don't know fur now bring us some figgy
pudding now bring us something what is
now bring us some figgy pudding and
bring it right here I know
thank you thank you fine much so that's
what we're doing not to say so yeah uh
mom and I are greeting some of my papers
and look who's decided to join me and me
going to yours
yep I'm reading my paper and she's a
little cheese Langer here Pupkin hey how
are you gonna do that Amy you're gonna
wake a sleeping puppy yeah but you got
to grade your stuff you can figure it
out come on
destroy disturbing precious puppy you
see the George Washington which
Washington he didn't even notice you
wiped hey they'll be out late okay
dammit bring all graded yes good job
I'll double-check it how are your grades
doctor forgot to write your grade I
liked or wrong but but you're gonna
teach me how to 101 hungry myself there
mom
sitting and she winked all I wanted to
soup done but did you guys ever just
kind of get soda but I really really
want a soda right now cuz she stays
beauty so they're feelin saving soda how
long's it been since you started win in
May oh maybe seventeen
well I'd lied or Gaston swimmers for
October different remember November
December
it's been 7 1/2 months for you Angie I
started in June June 12th I think
Dillon or August mocking women it was
August she came holiday right it was
August talked September's into October
October November November December
four and a half months for me so
speaking of soda you didn't know my mama
nah my mom and I are on a soda challenge
I've been at it for seven I can get
fucked though sewed it on not bad almost
no soda challenge
I'm good I've been on it for seven and a
half months and my mom's been on it for
months got four and a half four and a
half months that works better
is that better there's some more light
for you and are you you ever crave it
I've craved it once eating that's it
I've craved it probably ten or fifteen
times and right now not a day now I'm
doing really well with it it just I
really want to start it tonight because
we're going to the movies and there's
nothing better than popcorn in the soda
and now I have a great something out so
yeah you're the meanest you open it
mommy this is so the no soda challenge
is you have to drink no soda for a year
and at the end of the year you get like
a prize I'm getting $100 yeah you make
it
I'm curtisha I'm gonna make it what do I
get I make it boy dollar you so you're
gonna give me $100 if I make here yeah
okay then y'all not on your dollars
perfect no my mom would drink soda every
single day probably like two times over
there yeah every day pretty much every
day
yeah that's your story it's alright hey
Jacob ie and um so she drank a bunch and
she didn't want to commit to it until I
did it so I've been doing it a little
longer than her or she's been doing I've
been doing about three months more than
her three and a half month more than her
but dad doesn't matter um so she
committed to it she said she was only
gonna do it for month and then she just
kind of gotten guy who I said I said I
wanted to do it for 30 days but then I'm
like that won't really do me any good I
knew I could do it for 30 days but I
also didn't want to commit to a year so
I was like I'll just do it until you're
done yep so I get like a free three
months mm-hmm and I'm doing it English
and I'm very surprised that I've made it
this long I really thought I would just
give up and you so mommy's really making
me want a soda what is coming it
I have till May 18 my start on May 17th
but you can bring sown on May 18 so how
long is that it's January
yeah very February March March to April
4 and 8 for months and 18 days a long
time 30 60 90 118 118 days honey oh why
did I do it
I'm just start see if I drink something
like water when I get theater so right
now we're on our way to the movies into
the woods pink pink
finally won't ran the bank three weeks
she wants she likes everything pink
so everything's pink yeah anything
booking with pink pink pink of anga CQ
knishes pinkish Michael this isn't
pingas pingas Barca pink pink up a nice
pink a hey you're saying pink pink pink
a highly pink Haley take a yard
pika - thank you unless I can be a
mannequin I'm a mannequin - so every
time I turn around I have mannequins
behind me watch
so the weirdest mannequins ever
- mannequins are your guy barrel
Oh
ok any question today is white like
movie like Disney or Nick white light
not movie sorry white like television
show like Disney like whatever
would you like to star in like a show or
movie so girl meet world what
Oh laughing wait girl miss world or
Jessie yank I suggest here Girl Meets
World
Colonel Robert up Annie okay so don't be
Tom Tom loves ooh another question the
day is what covers intro would you like
to start
yeah kill talking like that because I'm
not talking like anything because we had
to take the medicine for my flu Tamiflu
yes take it - because he's grown around
me all the time and it is disgusting so
yeah oh oh yeah so bye see tomorrow
oh babe oh babe thanks for watching
Britt Ailey
you
