today we look at this cool kid rolling
up he looks like he's like so famous we
have a Coke machine nope we have a
coffee machine in our apartment complex
and yesterday at Target we bought three
coffee mugs each they were allowed to
pick out three coffee mugs each to go
get coffee and yet no Haley doesn't
drink pure coffee it's like coffee milk
a little bit of coffee and like a lot of
milk but anyway they just busted in the
door sorry I wasn't filming at this
morning cuz I've been trying to clean up
the coffee machine is out of order
alright the dramatic complaints were way
better a second ago but who is like
super tall and y'all never was long I
don't know if y'all get it but it says
sorry not sorry on it I don't know if
they can see that what I mean we just
rolled out of bed 9:30 in the morning
can you believe it well I mean it's 9:30
now we probably rolled out a bit about
9:00 so man ah oh the coffee machine but
this is so good we're drinking chocolate
milk got a copy but yeah
yeah cuz we never finished we had our
cart with feel okay cons of living in an
apartment where you at the park
downstairs we had to get everything
upstairs and our buggy was so full so at
one point our buggy was so full like
forget it we're not putting another
thing in this buggy and we left but we
didn't get everything on our list like
bread so we're gonna have to improvise
so on our list today is cleaning cuz the
room is a mess like unpacking and all
that school today we're making those
gingerbread houses we're gonna make
cookies and we're gonna watch movies I
thought that was the plan
yeah cuz stuff starts next week
stuff the reason we're here stuff so you
know we don't see mold you're good we're
gonna pick some breakfast we're gonna
drink our coffee and that's good what
are you doing are you gonna take a
picture we're gonna might we might brush
our hair yeah we might brush our teeth
well we were first sure we're gonna
brush our teeth but maybe hair will get
brushed thanks for joining us on this
morning update we're gonna put all that
laundry away
we didn't do we had so much laundry
before we left here I'm like I'm not
doing it I'll just do it we get back I
knew when I got back I was gonna be like
oh so we've been doing laundry all day
yesterday and this morning so um thanks
for joining us for our morning update
and we'll see you in the next clip
thanks for waiting how healthy we are
actually I'm not I'm not being unhealthy
because technically I haven't eaten
anything but they had breakfast you saw
that and then they went to work out and
this is what they're having I like how
the gum is on there are these are these
almonds no almonds was i right I'm not a
big nut I'm not a big nut fan yeah
they're cocoa almonds what really
so it's peanut butter and banana and
then some nuts and then some gum cuz you
need fresh breath duh
so we've been cleaning all morning and
working out some of us have been working
out some of us have been answering
emails I've been answering emails
they've been working out and Haley's
been cleaning Haley's been cleaning so
now we're moving on to school but you
are doing school today okay so that's
what's going on these little bad boys
are gonna get put together soon so how's
it feel to be back and in full swing of
things
school and cleaning and working out we
work out more here I keep saying weed
although they did ask me to work out
tonight and I said maybe they're gonna
work out again like we did we are we're
gonna eat gingerbread and we're gonna
make cookies and I think Hayden's coming
over so I mean we're gonna probably like
not eat very healthy tonight
did I say pizza I just say that we're
gonna order pizza - yes pizza heck
doesn't deliver it to us at home no
delivers here so we have to like we
haven't had it in a long time
alright so look how organized this child
is she went to Amanda's and look at
Amanda Tahoe we shown this yet and don't
want them schoolwork
it's so cool like she puts these little
bullets and then she checks them off
when she does it
those aren't there
yeah I don't look at the date she messed
up on the dates mm-hmm yes look at your
hair page straightened up the other day
this is like day three isn't it and
Hayley just brushed it laundry all right
I gotta go switch it a hair it probably
does need to be washed soon though no
you don't have to want an you don't wash
your hair everyday I don't go that long
but it majors like I have never gone
seven days without washing my hair like
four or five Mac and then my head starts
it I use dry shampoo rock your hair dry
shampoo plug plug plug it's my favorite
your head doesn't start to itch oh yeah
let's name our favorite products of rock
your hair I like the dry shampoo yeah
the spray serum oh the the yeah that's
what we're talking about but no for you
I love the leave-in conditioner and a
knee gel that's my favorite I left it at
home but there was a thing that I
thought I didn't realize what it was it
said it's like it might be what you're
talking about that I've never used it
says something first like thin hair it
oh really
cool if you've never shopped rock your
hair you should probably click the link
in the description because not only do
they put on amazing performance like
concerts but they also have amazing
products because and they're our family
so we have to like give them shout outs
because we love them so much yeah look I
feel like it has to get bad like she's
cleaning her closet out so everything's
out right but I am proud of you this is
a little better no no no oh yeah that's
five and then I but I put some of this
stuff up in my favorite hat now teeny
tiny yes you are whose birthday is it
hers are you sad you guys want to see my
convent
so this was a swarm it's all clean but
cuz we work hard we work and then here's
an ease over yours Amy on you need to
get hangers yeah I work so hard on
mm-hmm
Paige putting away at the dishes the
pencils and the dishes and Annie and
Irish I don't get up I'm trying to wear
ties and I have a book of my toys and I
don't know what to pick struggles real
we didn't have our coffee today which is
that but we did have our peppermint to
me which is really good yes
I don't usually like peppermints there
are a lot of stuff if it's in stuff like
I'll like it but if it's like too strong
of a thing I want but since we are going
to build our gingerbread house kit today
after we do schooling well after we go
to Target and then we're gonna bake some
cookies which I'm really excited about
and we're gonna watch movies and gonna
be the day that would be so much fun
wait did Alfonso come how about you know
how do you guys see them where are you
better be here oh my geez quit gabbing
and talk to the blog okay since we're
gonna be here most of December if not
through Christmas we decided to kind of
decorate for Christmas so we went
low-key we got this cute little naked
tree and some stockings and like one or
two other little decorations we didn't
go overboard because most of our
Christmas decorations are still at home
but that was a good trip we did it
what's wrong
addicted to coffee I say low key did I
what did you do I know she stops and I'm
gonna continue pushing it you were
pitching it I just like I was holding it
I was just holding in bushing I wasn't
pushing in all right so that errand is
done
do we not still the Christmas tree if
the lady wasn't here but she should have
checked our bow y'all I so like I put my
rate that you know how it just makes me
feel like I'm guilty when they come and
check my receipt and I'm like oh so
frustrated because I had put it in we
didn't steal it we paid for it but no
one verified yeah you're gonna like make
people think we really we really stole
the Christmas tree all right so now we
got that errand done we're gonna go walk
the mall as if we didn't spend enough
time at the mall yesterday but you know
I think we're gonna get some we have
some Christmas presents we want to buy
for some people we I gotta show you
something and then we're going back to
put some of these decorations up
they just let leave the buggy for the
dog
he's so cute three months
well I don't know I was I was I was
filming but I know I've had had it down
here I'm like I don't wanna be obvious
but
a shar-pei he's a baby yeah I don't want
to like shove the camera in her face
I've always scared like what if like I
accidentally filmed someone famous
I like discreetly and then like we show
it and they're like oh gosh that's
so-and-so and then they find out that I
was oh sorry
that hurts too anyway I don't know I'm
lit and then like and then yeah like
you're bothering her what if she was
like a celebrity and then like the
people are gonna know who she is and
they're gonna go to that her Instagram
or something be like oh my gosh and then
we're gonna feel really dumb because I'm
just gonna know that Oh awkward she well
she was probably wants to be left alone
yeah cuz our cars over here Shar Peis
Christmas shopping for Hayden got cut
short because he's coming right now he
got done and yes his dad's dropping him
off with us so we're out here waiting
until he pulls up but we had to stop
Christmas shopping
pull that camera what do you say pull
put that camera out no put that camera
out
we're not working out we're gonna go
beads they painted them all for a few
minutes because he likes them all and
then we're gonna go to the house put the
Christmas stuff up build some
gingerbread
eat some cookies eat some pizza we go
yeah look at this cool kid rolling up he
looks like he's like so famous like a
celebrity coming out yes Hayden the
celebrity is here bye Jimmy we'll bring
him on good bye dad bye dad summer oh
hey
goodnight yes mama's got style
so she'll buy him from you wait you put
six up we didn't get paid one cuz we
like these stockings I had one for paid
it's like no don't get me one that looks
good yeah
where's it tree gonna go why do we have
what else there's not an L on it
fir LeBlanc duh
nope could be our last name oh we
should've got like fake snow like the
cotton the light yeah she's she's so
proud of herself
it looks good Paige those are our
decorations except for the tree which is
long where do we want the tree light
this one what Yahtzee cheese that's
weird
yeah I'd love to you thought I don't
smell cheese when I smell that okay it's
different now yeah it's beginning to be
a lot like Christmas yeah
we're gonna get paid stalking that's
different
sailing at five of that style we're
gonna get Paige her very own unique one
way over here cookie master we know what
we know it Hayden once a night cookies
I'll order the pizza
and we can light it up huh oh yeah I
should put the loss of money but they're
not gonna let me we don't get gospel
really funny of it broke yeah
y'all can vote we want it up there yeah
right there or here let's see how it
looks we all know hate where my
toothpaste okay plug it in turn it on
turn the lights out
they look like fall now go pretty in
here what do you think is that no I just
thought of it is there a plug up there
yeah we had to get an extension cord if
there's not all right stay tuned to find
out where those Christmas tree ends up
y'all can vote too cuz maybe if you
change our minds if you vote like Hayden
wants them up there but if like we
decide it's down there and you guys vote
for up maybe we'll move it all right you
guys the Battle of who can make and
decorate the best gingerbread house to
gingerbread houses two teams Paige and
Haley versus Hayden and Annie
the vanity
all right you guys that's all you get to
see and then the voting can start okay
there may not be a vote
they got one open an avalanche it was
falling apart
look tah-dah look how we're having to do
it their bag was ripped our house is
gonna win like this how they okay and
house beat house beat it Sal quiet and
organized every house a oh my god oh we
should still have a vote like on
Instagram right now because it will be
funny but you know you can't tell whose
houses whose because they say a and B
that looks really cool you gotta take a
picture of it looks like pages all right
they're getting all creative over there
it's over house a is complete grass he's
still working
Annie's not bitter
I'm bitter ours gonna win good I know it
well maybe they'll feel sorry for you or
who Forks they won't know who's whose
but maybe they'll feel sorry for
whoever's this
he chose take a picture of it first take
a picture of just the house with no one
in the picture and then you guys got a
selfie with your picture so two
different picture age is the greatest
cookies are they hot they're a little
bit doughy like look it's like eating
cookie dough but I love them thank you
yes page thank you it's weird to watch
me eat and we're watching else
it's family movie night and it's almost
Christmas we got 19 days I just found it
in my head that bats aren't you
impressed I'm just kidding I kind of
like five minutes ago that you're
filming me eat we can't see you
we finished our gingerbread houses yes
there's did we show them you wanna go
show let's go show them just in case
this is a looks very nice and pretty
here's B it's okay ish and it's okay so
yeah it's got the the Christmas lights
on it this is a wait I don't know what a
and B I don't I don't know actually see
the candy wrapper right there candy
wrapper very artistic and we'll see
which one wins let's get like a side
view all right
okay guys wonder who's gonna win okay
back to the baby okay guys just took
Hayden home page is already in bed
this is still here I'm just the master
pieces can stay for the night I'll just
clean up the masterpieces in the morning
which brings us to the question of the
day which is what's your favorite
Christmas tradition thank you thank you
gingerbread houses we do reindeer food
we do Christmas pajamas yeah a lot it's
all I can think of off the top of my
head okay
I like opening the my one Christmas
thing
good night before oh yeah I'm just
Christmas pajamas yeah so what the kind
of a thing is and I'm like I got a new
room where the high looks red it's just
the light I think nah no that's weird
not like like when I was dancing like
both of my like eyes got like red right
yeah I remember that was weird
with allergies just this eye looks red
like like you got punched I think it's
the light oh alright my friends yay on
this turned out super cute mixed
feelings about it but I do think it's
cute but not everybody may agree all
right guys comment down below your
favorite Christmas tradition and if you
don't really have one or can't think of
one what would you like to start as a
tradition because you can always start
one see ya tomorrow
based on data baby
thanks for watching
Britt Haley
