today I'm Batali I know weird you see
know where everyone's all reared its up
Caleb hmm and that's it a good way
no I made time for me okay so today is
the very first day of the year January
1st 2015
Alma and that means that is is our
Italian anniversary that which is a four
year we them vlogging for four years but
I have been up doing it YouTube for six
years right yeah did you run Accra bana
yeah I did like October 2008 or
something so a little less than two six
years of little more than researchers a
little over it hit six years already
okay and I'm feeling a ton better so
because of that we are going to go and
get to my haircut I'm gonna get it even
up because I wanted to I think I wanted
rowed out again but a cue ball girl
because this grows faster and especially
when my back shorter and my friends
longer so I'm gonna get it all evened up
at the back so it's gonna be about
probably I'm gonna probably cut off of
the fridge maybe that much and like trim
the back up and it's just me and mommy
nobody else came Oh
oh my gosh I wish it Kim film it's but
it's on the camera look it's Mickey
Mouse if you see um that many not many
have now call her Winnie Winnie had I
had Mickey Mouse ear hear a little mouse
may on her face so um on her chin and
her mouth she has one right here right
here and here right here and then wonder
if he the head right here will show them
when we go home so I'm gonna start
calling her Minnie
no I am no you're gonna confuse that
poor baby
Tim pinene Winnie you probably wouldn't
know the difference
Oh
that's really let me do
at 4:30 and they go oh well your
appointments change 30 minutes
thirty minutes
Oh 30-minute wait ice cream it is lucky
duck that's one way to get ice cream
right so you're not mad at me fair point
oh I'm back and here is the finished and
how does it look here let's me make sure
that hip so here's how I'm going to
start wearing it with this little
headband and yeah it's an airy t-shirt
plop my shoulder never longer and as you
can see on my bed all my school stuff
laid out a megillah' messy um and yeah
um mom my dad and Caleb are walking
football downstairs and my mom's pink
cleanup kitchen and yeah hae-won's done
some schools I really like it and I
don't have a lot of talk about because
we're not really doing anything today so
sorry about that
and every time I like end of this good
um camera like turn off the camera
I end with so yeah um so this time I'm
not going to say that for the end and
I'm gonna try not to say it um ever
again but if I do I'm sorry I just have
it and also I always start with so so
I'm gonna try to get in habit of not
saying um well that's really all I was
going to talk about um really boring
today
yay yes I didn't say it it's not dirty
of it
I like cleaning up okay thank you
and so I'm going to do a makeover toriel
I'm going to do before and after first
add my makeup my it's really cool watch
can you see yep you can see
yeah so I'm just gonna shut you guys off
until I'm done
so bye hey guys so and in my dress as
you can see and as you can see I'm
really really gonna miss a lot
can I try I'm doing my makeup OOP
yeah she is and it's probably gonna look
beautiful than mine so that's how are
you I know
look at her she's all about Allah I feel
like her new hairstyle
ponytail no I mean your new hair because
you just got it cut
yeah it's an opponent I'm so cute hmm
we're gonna do a fashion show together
because we're so nice and we are because
we're so nice I love you we are yes we
are
hmm yes we are yes we are
I'm not talking about anything and I'm
nothing major
yeah we are doing it because we're the
besties I love you hey weird I'm kidding
that's at your Baha'i not weird she know
where everyone's all weird it's up Caleb
hmm and that's in a good way no I mean I
definitely do not know what area you're
can you ask all right now sorry
goodnight I'm done with my makeup sheet
I didn't do before and after but I
changed into that is my hair like that
and I have a dress on I to time we have
a dressing on what I have it I have a
change I changed yes she changed so
that's her makeup with her headband and
her dress yeah fun little dress yeah and
and home we're going to go show her
ourselves to everybody but first we had
to get her shoes on so yeah so I'm gonna
go give this to my mom and she's gonna
film us walking down I'm gonna try not
to let her see me so yeah oh gosh I said
so yeah yeah no so you should know yeah
so bye hmm nerd and princess oh I can't
wait who's first
the princess the nerd is first all right
let's see you are dressed up nerdy be
careful of the glasses in the
high-heeled oh you're the princess oh I
love the shoes don't prefer watch out
for the shoes on the energy and your
eggs like hey I need something wow that
looks very amused in here I can't see
and I'm walking eBay hi I'm taking these
off now come here mister
QT did you put makeup on get your own
makeup by sauce yeah mr. fluffy girl
princess wishy-washy way of doing it I
have no idea what you were talking and
she's being old like it wasn't him I
went over there and she goes so here's
how you hit someone like has a bad
marriage it gives me and I go up to her
and I go oh she rolled she's Rollie
pollie again so I ran so hard to bed
early oh and you just love the look do I
got as long she'll she also said so she
said before you put the red dress up you
were like oh thank you and please and
now you're like hmm that's a good bugger
Haley can we straighten your hair
tomorrow no I'll be fun we haven't done
it in a long time I'm not here we can
straighten it and see how long it's got
Molly yeah you can cut it off like mine
what when I get a haircut like Annie
yeah
no no I'm not getting married
yeah the you guys have totally different
hair it will just be straight
hey it will be straight what the heck it
was up here straight yes straight
because we had it in pigtails yesterday
hard to be a girl isn't it
hey so that brings us to the question
today I hope daddy found one would you
rather always wear skirts Oh always wear
pants pants always wear pants horse
hailer you would want to wear skirt
because you can't do a cartwheel okay
fair enough
so wonder what caleb all things cool
pants are screwed see you Daniel affects
kids probably I didn't go this isn't
gonna be too long because I have a
project that I have to finish cuz you
know projects school project school
please Josh thank you thanks so long
sometimes ones I can end up stencil this
is only gonna hurt a little bit if you
guys just stand still I see sense though
that's what happens yeah I got mad
because you guys didn't stencil so yeah
I'm gonna turn off the camera now
because I gotta do a project so see you
later bye Piper doesn't know where the
puppy is Piper doesn't know where the
puppy is round and round she goes
where's your puppy Piper where's your
puppy get her Piper
where is she I found her yeah fall you
baseball get em by burr oh really good
what the rubber she can't ug caught you
gradually going away oh here comes the
whining whoa Nelly what was that a gate
yeah and the girls are in the fort Oh
pick the gate up
Oh things
Stefan Piper whoa look at this fort what
are you doing we're making us some
privacy in sevensupergirls I'm being an
ax fort watch I'm Katharine and myself
thrillers we're making some privacy here
guys I mean a basement and I ever heard
the question that I saw I quickly
grabbed the camera and ran as far away
as I possibly could
I forgot to get food how do you get the
camera not food anyways so um I am about
to play a game realize what came in the
basement but the choir heard the
question today which is would you rather
wear pants everyday or skirts that's
like asking would you rather be a boy or
a girl literally that's that's my answer
to that question go through the question
today anyway come down below cuz no no
no the question the day is this rather
her pants are squirming that's really a
question that I really don't want to
know for some people sorry
that's kind of weird so anyways see ya
and bye
based on a thanks for watching
Britt Ailey
