today I'm Batali so she's cheating on me
Wow exactly hi for me
hey guys well I'm hanging out with
Winnie and Piper while I'm doing school
and I'm doing a much better to get today
and I'm filming with Buffy see both here
oh yeah I got snot at you boy yes no oh
gosh I dropped you wait oh here's the
wind me and wing me and win-win-win-win
me come here Winnie you don't want to
say hi say hi Winnie hi look look I
gotta tree okay morning on it good
career I'm sorry
there you go and then what are you doing
you will hate yourself in the mirror zip
it Piper Piper come here join that Piper
what are you doing do you want out oh
look Kimmy here here now I'm saying out
when it is Piper think you to pick them
huh buddy you're doing nothing what
you're doing school I am and look like
it I love it it looks like you've got a
puppy and you're playing with her nope
feel better
all right how do that
so we are on the road again and now we
are going to get my hair cut from a
haircut places it's usually a haircut
done and any sick today
as we already told you and show not
being rude but I think this might be the
worst New Year's Eve and forty years
just New Year's will ever have oh that
we've ever had we might have worst ones
but why is one so bad as we can't go
anywhere is one we don't leave panting
we can't bring me a nice Oh
it's not very fun I'm kind of scared
about my haircut
it's
time because at that same place just
different lady and I still remember that
bad haircut I got a few months ago so
I'm kind of scared having a new lady and
we've never gone back to the place where
I got the man haircuts tell me one of
the other thing they're calling thinks
I'm cheating on her she's there did I do
she was booked up so she's cheating on
me
Wow exactly I'm driving I can't film and
drive careful what you cry and film
that's much safer so anyways I guess
we'll see you after the haircut and I
guess we'll see if my hair's curl for
four remains
long what do you want oh so you just
don't want this to curl up no I like to
I just want it to be tamed down a little
bit okay
we look at
you like it No
what the worst haircut you've ever
gotten yes no it's really not
alright
turn up turn to us don't you look like a
dork
oh I see right after I got guts always
bad it is like a bowl cut though it is
horrible look so bad my face wait no not
gonna see it like she cooked the sides
out so much I think that's the way she
blow-dried it I think I wash your face I
think that'll be fun bye my dish once
you do your hair the way you like I
think it I think you'll be fine once you
do the hair like you want to do it I
think you'll be really good well if you
do stuff like that good not so much why
did she make me look like an oral hey
you're offending all the nerds out there
I know you're one of them now nerds are
people too this is why I don't like
taking Caleb to get his hair cut no
matter what happens she just can't seem
to get his hair cut the way he wants it
what'd I ever do wrong it's not bad it's
not like that one time where I admit
that was a pretty bad haircut it's gonna
brush your face off don't stop fade away
the reason that this isn't so bad is you
still have all the linked on your hair I
just don't think she got besides I have
a ball in my head no it's not a true
puppet
who has bullets people who like bowls
people like bowling I don't know kind of
people a fool it really isn't bad if
you'll just stop messing with it it's
not like that like that whoo whoo ooh
that looks good
on the side so money use kind of got a
little bit better because we are now
going to watch a movie with the Sydney
and Luke family just me and Hailey and
II can't go you know of course but I
think we're gonna have people staying
here and watching her then we're going
to grab some pizza so that's gonna be
fun so yeah I guess we'll see you then
I'm not ready ticket look what happened
we put Renee invited
okay so this is gonna be the most boring
New Year's Eve ever
okay Caleb went with Sydney and Luke but
you still have to do it
Ellis takes medicine need to take her
medicine right now it's really bad you
guys got the same time this time
ready no ready yeah I don't wanna do it
and that go Oh knife hailey I'm not
doing it
god you're such a pro I'm not I think
you like it do you like it does like I
think you like that
a little Hey doh it's disgusting
yeah 20 seconds back good enough close
video Oh two three oh three comes after
high one two two three
go hurry come on yeah you just dripped
it all over yourself
and this picture I'll get you a paper
towel no no no joke this get sticky
sticky sticky packet and he just licked
it I think she really likes it I said
that would dinner oh my dad going on huh
how'd you get stuck in the basement door
recharge of that but I've been there
this you guys got stuck in the basement
you get pocket no you locked it how do
you accidentally close
this is how we're spending New Year's
Eve oh whoops - Glenn wait oh I stand
still
mom there's a sticker Harry in Seville
sticker sticker hold out your gun pull
out her hand stickers and stickers just
a little update we have three hours and
15 minutes left till 2015 2015 and a
doggies are playing yes look at the
stickers Andy yeah we're just like
watching some football cos daddy talking
the TV yeah and yeah now we have it
three hours and 49 minutes left till
2015 woman yes yes I am
dubs kidding - yeah so now it's 924 in
this nights going so slow because we're
not at the party cause we're usually on
party the news right and right now we're
playing clue and daddy won the first
round it was what was it candlestick
with peacock miss peacock and then I was
in the dining room
he won really quick - so it made the
game like not so fun there's not enough
people yeah
and when he's playing with us and
Piper's got a bone she wants Whitney to
come play with her about to play again
we found a fourth player daddy daddy her
name's Winnie I think it was when he's
done
who is it winning hall and no mess
colonel does it have an audit that's how
you say it
colonel my third
uh Colonel Mustard gets to move in here
row with dog bro stay oh my god did you
hear that ready she's just sitting
you're like she's parked with the game
she's in her spot even oh she was being
so good Annie yes I didn't like that we
didn't like the she was being a good
girl she's played hard today okay
the other ones played hard today too and
she is lean back
hanging out on the couch you wanna go
back to your spot Eternia oh that's a
put her tell us important all right sit
back down come here I'm gonna make your
spot okay go to the co to bed good night
hey guys so it's very good to be 2015
but everyone sleeps up me how would come
we were the only ones that made it the
balls about to drop in four more minutes
then new year
yup hey remember how I taught a new New
Year's why because it's about the new
year she'd been sued been asking she's
been confused about this holiday for a
while now she finally get it
yep Caleb made it home from the movie
but fell asleep daddy fell asleep not
evil asleep and he fell asleep on the
couch she couldn't make it
so it's just you and me kid four minutes
yep everybody the puppy to sleep the
other puppies asleep Bo's asleep the
house is quiet and we are watching the
countdown oh no that wasn't the
countdown that's the bachelor totally
different although I can't wait for that
show either can't wait for the new year
countdown can't wait for the countdown
for the bachelor
yeah watching
I love The Bachelor right now three
minutes Haley this could be 2015 2014's
gonna be over okay
hey do you find it a little strange that
we're at home this year normally we're
at a party and it's loud
we're all counting down together now
we're like falling asleep it's hard to
stay away from where I'm sitting here we
don't have hats
we don't have noisemakers Olivia yeah
Olivia and I always had that good stuff
he make her own noise wonder if anybody
will wake up oh okay here's the
countdown it's almost two minutes
hi what it's a long ago no see the
countdown
what number is up 30 to 35 it's like no
I'm so fat oh fuck me we have to
challenge our coast yeah when it goes
ten will count okay skin clouds about a
kiss
ah why they blowing things
ready ten nine eight seven six five four
three two one a year Pfeiffer woke up
for it Oh New Year's hugs and kisses for
the doggy
Happy New Year Happy New Year Haley we
made it Oh what when she didn't even
wake up it's 2015
yay yay it's time for the question of
the day and the question of the day is
what you're new here resolution
what's yours to eat bitch vegetables
like carrots
mmm I think we should eat more
vegetables Piper
actually hasn't had a game yeah i get a
year now if she hears the fireworks so
you hear the fireworks outside what we
can't see them oh she's not happy I was
about to say is Piper needs her
vegetable she does not like anything
green does well mommy what do you know
what tomorrow is
yeah four years of bratayley that's
exciting
okay so so so we've been doing for
tailee for four years but Hayley turns
four I mean you're really in your six
but not one huh not cool we've been
making videos on the tail even for years
I don't get it and he's born hmm YouTube
you've been making youtube videos on
Burt a Libra or you look at all of us
that's crazy
we gonna celebrate next year for your
five you know again again
okay cake throw it again okay January
1st 2011 remember what Caleb said it's
January 1st 2011 and this is something
what he said he said I Haley I to pump a
live and um 8:00 a.m. 8:00 a.m. 6:00 and
Haley angad's
you look hot Haley at nothing and a mean
antics that was me repeated ur Piper no
gum for you no juicy fruit
starburst for you get down get down
alright well we'll have to find
hopefully they'll will celebrate four
years of bratayley I'll get a cape for
it gonna make me a cake board no I think
I have some lemon bars and their pantry
that we gonna make I don't have cake oh
we make something and put like four
candles in it yeah don't let me forget
and then PI into the face Haley's fault
if we forget to do that guys no on the
phone not my fault
hmm hey bye Haley bye see ya tomorrow
I guess my Fri say goodbye
baked potato baked potato baby thanks
for watching
Britt Ailey
