hey Dad beautiful day in the Bahamas and
I'm going over to Jamie's help for some
bread
Jamie lives here Katie's need Olivia
sent out shopping
uphill night not work
and she's not stretched out ladies and
gentlemen the true test don't pull a
muscle
like gearing up like she's in the
Olympics this is it for the gold medal
encounter the other day maybe after
breakfast
oh yeah oh yeah it's like swimming after
you eat good idea that's good come on
down they call these ten and five any
morning Joe oh he loved one yeah
what do you think about in the thinking
chairs that's a picture of that
oh I need to buy those for you I would
have you'd wear them I don't think he'd
wear I'm good for like a day three days
over three days we're gonna maybe worth
it well I thought we're gonna pick up
sunglasses at home if you get your
glasses off next month all right well
they might get a little big we need can
you find some smaller ones yeah I like
them I like the white ones yeah I knew
white ones is that really cool I love
funny because they're the same style but
just the color it is cool it is perfect
it matches your Leo's
that's cute you want that hat I love it
I get that sure them let those ladies
persuade your the wear it here all right
let's see the other color I think the
brown
brother again
brother oh come on you can do it don't
look up so high
we have here in the Bahamas
edit those also thank you very much
you're welcome
what else do you guys see in here you
should see Tamar starfish best day ever
know you can touch it yes yeah but
you're hot you don't get up
look what does that guy know it's slimy
you can do it's like a sponge you touch
something Haley I just divorce you did
you're scared you don't have to remember
how scared you were to do this elephants
is there anything you want to touch in
here okay so this new boots on virtual
aquarium and dig is in the hotel we're
staying and the horseshoe
feel it alright for identifying fish as
we go along so we've been carrying this
around does it carry I'm going to feel
it oh my gosh it does not feel like it
looks like it's gonna be spiky and hairy
yeah but it's not slimy
what is it does anybody know what it
does thank you come back I see what sea
cucumber anybody remember their home
we've been look at this guy there is
something back there
sure than it does not yeah they would
slip them in there together I feel it's
gonna hurt he is not the prettiest
fellow I've ever seen their knee look at
it as it comes by
being a creeper being a bully
holy spider Oh get on my nerves Foley
what is that a glad they're yeah I
forgot to mention that Caleb's feeling
much better today he's not in the bed
all day like it was yesterday yeah you
gotta hold your flip-flops while we walk
to find a chair oh that's much better on
my feet my feet returning to hurt now
let's go see if we can find our friends
friends we all have any friends will you
be our friend
excuse me sir will you be my friend
ma'am that's the best oh man hey leaving
a good mood today
Annie you're not going to see it chasing
your tail
she didn't stand behind her make evasive
leap I know and it was just you and me
okay that's good
hello it's been another long day and
well of course we are very tired and the
girls are already asleep so I'm just
gonna do the question of the day real
quick because it wasn't like a bubble
gum wrapper anyway so it is um what is
one thing you would want to see and I
have to say the future and the girls
can't answer because like I said they're
asleep and um Mimi what about you know
okay she's not answering me yeah so
everybody's asleep and the girls like
went up before us and then we just kind
of stayed a little longer for like I
don't know an hour longer hand I'm very
tired
I'm late for the whole day that's a bad
thing about vacation you walk and walk
and walk in and it's gonna be having at
her meet tomorrow so wonder how that's
gonna go because they don't know how
Mohamed judging is but we are going to
sign up for the day and I'm to come down
low because we want to know the question
the day is what is one thing that you
want to see
based on baby
thanks for watching
breath daily
