my coach are about to go one first thing
there's no line okay well at least I
didn't watch it but my character was
going yeah whoops how was it not a nice
way
wake up I'm gonna go again Olivia has to
go again good week we're recording did
you get an e yeah I got a well I think I
got an e the camera was on I will yes
tell me when you get up there tell me
who you're after we didn't know you're
going okay and I'll record it so on this
ride Haley you can if you open your eyes
you can see well you're going really
fast but you can see the Sharks
but there's another right over there you
see it let you go a little slower
and you can see the shark and fish as
you ride the ride I think it's an e I'm
gonna try to zoom in this time I'm gonna
I'm gonna totally miss her out of frame
but
where you headed I haven't seen the
beach and I wanted to come with Haley
ahead sterling yeah it was a hairstylist
and it was another um beach like the
beach the other one and so and so there
was excitement of a hair stylist and she
went
I'll give you do you have hair stuff
sounds do your hair and then she kept on
saying it until he wanted to do your
hair beautiful look it truly is paradise
oh that fan feels so good like powder
it's cold
he does feel good then we go put our
feet in the water so here's the test if
you can see our feet through the water
and that's the best kind of water there
is okay
together we're gonna walk together
beautiful behind you yes yes I want
peace and a baked potato no line pizza
oh really
can we just start the desert how was
practice ladies you did not I watch part
of it already left you went to the pool
no I didn't go to the pool yeah Salameh
grocery shopping
no I went and found that Caleb Haley mr.
Billy and Nani were all asleep in the
room so I came back your father you met
him once or twice and Caleb would be so
jealous like that worried about your
eating baked potato yeah yeah Caleb just
so you know I had not bacon on it
because katie loves pictum it's not
bacon I just do have some stuff right
here so are you guys excited or nervous
about your me nervous
nerve sighted shouldn't I call it that
one excited and this is nervous her like
all right show me a safe the best face
you can do for nervous and excited for
nerve site us all right you're doing my
nerve sided show me a bed in San perfect
right there you got one part of the next
video it's like have you that's like to
be nervous yeah I think that explains it
Annie dude you still have it you say
you're not relator like
I know I don't
okay okay okay yeah
so it's another long day in the Bahamas
it's so much fun but there's no question
today again because we were just so
tired angry you're going to sleep in
tomorrow and you know what a bad day
your brother had hmm he's sick in the
Bahamas I'm gonna take a peek you go
sleep we'll take a peek at sick boy
fever of 102 yes and sick on a vacation
to the boy who never gets sick so what
they're rude why did it call me who
think he's feeling a little better but
he's been down most of the day I stink
you stink you smell like a stink head
okay you get some more sleep okay
you slept most of the day but that's
okay you're okay
say goodbye Caleb
thanks for watching
Britt Haley
