hi for what can you see what happens to
little boys who go back to sleep on
Sunday mornings watch but not sleeping
through that is a morning sunshine is
Sunday morning wake up wake up I'm gonna
tickle baby it's 11 o'clock
are you gonna get up today when I said
when I woke you up this morning and said
Caleb it's time to get up
I didn't mean it's time to get up come
up the stairs and lay down on the chair
in almost every corner
daddy's got something for you hmm wonder
what it could be anything I heard water
running mom wants you she just called me
and she wants you girls to open up the
presents that she got you for Christmas
because you may need them for the trip
don't lick me though you know yeah yes I
can only present under the tree at the
top this time you got the right one
say something cute there's have owls on
it put wear it around your shoulder how
do you guys say yeah really
you guys can almost fit enough Haley
could almost fit in it very well today
no it'll break if you carry her no you
can get in it you just can't carry you
what is that the strap only we'd all
have these gun vision already knowing my
thinkin you're gonna break it
he did it meanwhile mate Oh Caleb still
I'm happy to get out the couch oh good
share because it's only fair that Caleb
gets open his No yeah only awake
children that open it oh he can open it
I'll go to sleep soon with it
no don't listen to your father yes if
you don't let you open your present it
ain't nothing if you do say nothing if
you want to eat it out okay no go put it
back on the tree oh it hasn't strawberry
on it I think it's for me I think I just
kind of accidentally wrote Kayla no oh
yeah Annie and Kayla I get them confused
all the time
yes so we were melting crayons not
really melting cans would you melt them
but we're making chapstick I didn't know
we could but my grandma showed me how
and so you get a crayon crayon gram you
get a crayon and you like cut it in half
because you don't need a lot of it peel
the thing my grandma says that it's
easier about if you scrape it so you put
that in and then you put some of coconut
Oh No so you put the crayon shavings
onto microwave I don't know how long
anyway predatorial is this anyway taster
that you put some coconut oil in through
that I mean you put menthol ad in my boy
them that an angle stir that put it in
to like a container to the matter what
card and then it's chapstick and you
have some on right now yes I put to the
fun we can both of them this was clear
this one's white and this one's purple
ever before what do you have on line is
like one that's not shiny and this one
is the one that makes your lips shine
you have perform or rub purple yeah stay
for that and you leave it into the
refrigerator about fast enjoyed hardens
can keep checking it
Christmas dinner all fancified let me
see fancy to look at these fancy jacket
yes we're so fancy that that dance
totally makes you fancy I believe I
finally have skirt on I know aunty and
address she's like she's like fancy
Christmas that's pretty over there all
day good fancy food for a fancy
restaurant we have a question ardella
day expenses uh-huh
and I am your fancy how does one eat a
double egg without getting that on their
face got it in it you did it
thought your first time to get with
chopsticks
oh my god on camera that's why I like
doing what we do because I can capture
everybody's first well sometimes like
the first time Haley was a war of bread
dress in a red sweater okay I got it on
camera oh my gosh what was that today
today yeah you got it
idiom I know this by myself
yeah can you put them over here if I can
see it goober Annie we say you're too
busy I don't know if I can see is there
enough light hang on let's get something
to read vain I come over here so I'm not
blind
what are you doing magic a magic we need
to make music you didn't little liquid
whoa how do do that from those two
knuckles okay
two middle knuckles I think that you did
this again put on dude dude dude a
little moron dude I'm trying to do it
the other way hold on I'd already didn't
want to turn let's just do this thing
right now
yeah don't confuse yours all day yeah
that's weird
like my eyes are playing up that we're
going to go something my eyes are
playing tricks on me
now um we got some dessert you're gonna
help me eat this right yeah where'd it
go
okay that's our dessert back don't you
do it
I do it is drawn okay this hey guys so
uh it's time to do the question today
and I'm going to do it from the distant
book I'm just going to pick a bit random
page and dudududududu it have hair that
turns into fingers or skin that changes
into steel skin that changes into steel
I don't what
good
no but did you ever for that the
question the day yeah i what oh oh yeah
what about you what would you rather
have hair that turns into fingers or
skin that changes into steel what's a
new bit
I'm not telling you any what did you
bring no home where else I will have two
vets and you got answered finger hair
yeah so yeah calm down look here another
questions they have that hair that turns
into fingers or scan that changes into
CEO or have glue that Jason you know
half hair change see ya bye see you
tomorrow
hey guys so I'm you guys I don't know
how Annie just spilled the beans going
to the Bahamas
well since the beans are already spilled
um I'm gonna spill them even another but
what I want to love to do at the
harbor's like what I'm most excited
about and that would be um water slides
like ha
heard from our grandparents today when
we were eating dinner with them they
said there's a waterslide that you like
they go and you can see sharks and stuff
they also saw there was one where I'm
like just like ugly buffets we'll go
straight down or something I really
forget many so that's what I'm most
scared about is that that stuff since
Annie has a meet that's what we're
really doing better guests also vacation
so yeah it's gonna be hot there whew
so yeah babe thanks for watching
Britt Ailey
