right now I'm this eating some lunch and
you can eat me outside and enough 30
degrees whether I'm eating I'm eating
peanut butter jelly and snow I don't
even know if you guys consider you
probably can't but it is snowing sing
who's laying out and you guys can't even
see it little pieces look right there
snow nothing on me
hopefully I don't know how to get a good
anything uh yeah I see that right there
I think that's good enough some ways
yeah I'm eatin snow for lunch and what
got him got a mommy look I got them now
we can eat them for dinner like we
always planned
just cuz they're outside yeah for the
record we did not ever plan - tarts out
for the doggy door yeah guys
you've got something your hair no it's
ah whoa
it is sticking to the ground or is it
not cold enough it is really coming down
what are you head banging no I don't
think if the snows gonna stick Wow
can you believe it oh oh
so it snowed once before Thanksgiving
you got once before Christmas so that
means it snowed two times before
Christmas it usually snows after
Christmas Piper is excited she's so
excited to come outside with you and run
around I see she brought your duck out
to play with Piper did you bring mr.
duck out Mr ducks getting snowed on he
is cold in her mouth we are getting
covered in snow Oh busted
you guys left cups out here yeah you
better run hey wait no for real help me
get them yeah we got snow in her hair
Caleb's noticing our sown here look at
this a plate you had to clean up our
backyard yeah let's go inside it did get
a little colder look at this I was
wondering where our cups are gone look
rainwater they had done a picnic and
forgot to bring their cups in Oh kids
these days hi what you doing nothing
all right now you can tell me what you
got going on with your size no come on
do it the clock you can like a
presentation come on it's just like
doing it in front of a big crowd of
600,000 come on it's school time you can
this is like an oral presentation but
you have to do them
come on pull up a chair are there not
gonna what I'm totally gonna watch you
have like four lines written down I
can't you can turn around
practice turning around person reading
it okay now read it I like pot hey first
explain what your science projects on
okay so you guys know my Johnny's
contagious right yeah thank you
anyways um today the experts in science
Tala juice have certainly here find out
if smiling is contagious and just thing
I didn't get anything done is why
Yanni's gonna take this first step that
I'm ready down yawning is the title
that's all I got hyper down honey is
supposedly can Bailey back it up yeah
first for grade you you are doing great
that snow look so pretty coming in
behind you there's a stranger in our
backyard you just kidding they're
supposed to be here they're doing some
work dotting is supposed to be
contagious well why really is it
contagious
what makes it so infectious thank you
that's all I got
I'll be here never again that's a good
start Caleb it's a good start
are you aa ghing fine this this is how
vloggers vlog great how do you know I
divided out
three other rare playlists they were up
that that's a better angle let's see do
you like this angle guy or this angle
or this hair it's little curly today
your little curly tonight my grandma fix
some beats so after I eat we're gonna do
a phone interview with sweetie hi blog
for some more Nintendo promotion so
they're filling it to ask us some more
inattendue business are you ready
are you scared
nobody was scared about just a phone
call it is Moya don't all why hmm phone
call where they ask you some questions
yeah look at Annie maybe today and it
pretty handily do I see Annie look what
Haley made an art today Annie I like
that you can see in 3d without the
glasses
I like Animal Crossing
we were filming and we got like real
live bunnies and we just got to like pet
them and I got a nice one
yes she got like no long then we also
got to eat cupcake yeah they were yummy
cupcakes it's really just it's normal
now no well really um it was just that
we've really I never wanted to talk on
the camera I would always want Caleb or
Haley to talk and
yeah now I've gotten more used to it
with them um no because at first my mom
just started filming and I didn't even
know what YouTube was yes he did I'm
playin she playin this frozen mean like
free fillers it was a pop down oh I
thought you popped like a knuckle on
about me I hop you know I don't want you
to look funny that leo she's wearing
with Annies when she was six and
two-thirds definitely oh you were
wearing watch my great memory that's the
Leo you were wearing when you lost that
you
like it's out its out I know it's gonna
be too much Bailey I
I would probably win we should do that
Haley you want to challenge
daddy challenge me and you to every
daily trivia that will be fun
my announcement is that for blah blah
blah bribers you're going to do and um
gymnastics shout out video with all of
my gymnastics cream is like pina and
amanda and Olivia and Isabella and
Vanessa and uh Moo and Elaine and wait I
think I saw my brother they all they all
want to do it with you yes what kind of
gymnastics shut up okay but we want a
messy one a messy gymnastics challenge
it doesn't any gymnastics my butt oh but
you're no sex challenge right okay so it
doesn't have involved in that I think we
can incorporate gymnastics and
messy it could be some kind of challenge
where you do a trick excuse me a trick I
don't know how it worked but then you
have to like crack an egg on your head
if you lose or a jug of milk on your
head I'm gonna fill a bucket full of
let's see I'm gonna fill a bucket full
of pudding chocolate pudding and you
have to do shoulder presses to eat it
where we gonna do this okay so it may
have to wait till it warms up yeah yeah
messy things have to be done outside in
the Bahamas thanks for spoiling a boiler
alert so today on Britt a away or have a
bounce off challenge the first
contestants in the ring and nany potato
and I'm so yeah well how's it been going
guys who's winning there's winning way
don't it I think it's a time everyone
just one okay well starting this right
here okay now we're gonna go what should
we do take you to know 7 August sleep
well Phil anyone that round and I think
not even around before that it's an
editing user so I'm gonna go ahead and
quickly do the questions that a so from
the Box ready today special today is
what is the best way to spend a rainy
Saturday morning playing Minecraft
okay so um see you guys tomorrow I'm
gonna gotta Rallo because we want to
know the day is what's the best thing to
do want a rainy Saturday morning by um
either watch TV play a board game watch
TVs it with TV and juggle and my mom and
dad tell me all you care about watching
TV and spending time with my family and
my grandma more like an o'clock but is
the supreme military awarding ah right
now what's your favorite thing to do
probably and play on your D s no no plan
like that's that's another thing I did
play on 3ds I would play on my computer
grandma my family and just have a great
time well there you have it
don't forget to come down below because
if you want to know the what would you
do on a rainy Saturday morning bye we'll
see you tomorrow
babe thanks for watching
Britt Haley
