I'm like Sol I'm not you know if you
don't want to be 13 that is Isabella
wait that didn't use in it and that is
innate I think she is 19
she's 12 Vanessa father I also don't
over 800 - I know that the opposite
anyway that's what you already know her
yeah she's awesome
oh I did that is Maddie food buying you
and she's on TV you know my new nickname
is new boo boo boo
she's invisible right now but she'll be
here she's got something like Haley yeah
she's in disguise he's in disguise as
Haley and are you guys gonna make him
out late oh you miss that season Andy hi
Manny and your auntie that was the icing
goes on adjusting all became in red now
why you got it I'm a professional mixer
yeah you are that's Tina we were how to
stand in for you
hi pick up what are you guys doing now
um but the parents are being slowly Josh
gerrett boo parents away no way I tied
it in a knot
what open it and then try to guess who
gave it to you on it shopkins shopkins
I got everything there's in the gym and
I got water hey baby
oh good thank you strong he was
Finch I think you love Shaka manda did
you get her that present no no sorry
Isabella no more people and those socks
in the gym Olivia yeah yeah I knew
something all right
oh this is the thingy the thingy uh um
we put it in the microwave what I'm
Hamill what is Harmon cozy collection
oh that's also beard I've never heard of
you saw myself as I can oh really
oh yeah you have one of those two Haley
that is so cute it's anal no I'm cool
yeah yes er yes you're very cross
owner math scissors Oh
like how'd you get randomly breaks down
in a British accent it was random where
Oh
here's a car I wouldn't open it family
yeah I love that
that's true my dreams in your video all
the way up to sack tool but you're good
la no Isabella no
yeah you guys got each other go ah what
are we doing
you know what you just go with the
peanuts what
just start yeah I think one two three
boy I can't just watch your toes I don't
you bend those knees down before demon
floor and don't forget your sweet
or baby
Oh
well I had a great time at the Christmas
party and we dropped Haley off with nany
Calvin they're going to pick some dinner
for us and me and mommy and I are going
to do the recording for the boys over
for Nintendo but this time is going to
be in a studio where they're gonna get
my voice for like some YouTube stuff I
think I'm gonna get some headphones like
Gondo microphone then I'll know I've
never done this before but I think it's
gonna be really cool but I'm really
scared so
really you're nervous and Nigel mitachi
life my favorite things are the
apartment and making some meat so you
can make all different kinds of needs in
my jewelry life my favorite things are
the apartment and making some knees so
you can make all different kinds of
needs what's good you don't do this one
all the way through this will be take 17
not only that you'll add my favorite
things are the apartment making some
knees so I can bring my friends and
family into the game in my Tomodachi
life my favorite things are the
apartment and making some knees so I can
bring my friends and family into the
game and not Tomodachi life my favourite
things are in the apartment and making
some meat so I can bring my friends and
family into the game that's a wrap good
job
was it bad as a buff you've been bending
while you're in a good pulse because
like I did it dude that's like like
they're nerve-racking yeah yeah you did
great
only 114 take no no in that many ratings
for it but they were all different lines
I wasn't like you took 34 hello
takes a one line right no 34 takes of
everything no and there was probably
like nine different lines ten different
lines yeah no there were only seven
seven different ones pretty good and I
think I did all of at least three times
like at least like three of three
because every time he would take I would
you say retired yep so that would you
thought it was gonna be like or do you
think I was gonna be different I don't
know I I didn't always be like it was
gonna be like that I thought it was
gonna be like the Nintendo commercial
I'm not in headphone I told you would
you do it again as the question yeah
yeah that wasn't so bad
would you like to be like the voice of
like a cartoon this is that kind of what
it's like they said over and over again
I'm sure until they get it the way they
want it it was really know what I
thought was cool those are some of the
same line they were the same lines that
you said in the commercial like out your
own words about those games they just
wanted them I know those were curable I
know those were your words that you said
and then they just want it a little bit
clearer for the voice-over that's pretty
cool they so smart sheesh I'm so smart
all right you ready to go home and eat
some I think it's shrimp and corn
chowder that Nani was sick so let's go
let's rock and roll
Danny baby
thanks for watching
breath daily
