today on potato we are you trying to
smear my ball
look Amy hey guys so we are doing
through the mouth take it not them all
look a try so again you're going to the
store and get for that we are you going
to get some Christmas thing zzzzz and
Christmas things like what kind of
things what are we gonna do yeah
reindeers knees like we did for
Thanksgiving me good turkeys and this
time we're gonna do reindeer ones right
now we found a recipe so we got to go to
the store and do what it get all the
ingredients three yeah we have a
Christmas party tomorrow right yeah yeah
Olivia's house we do yeah are you going
yeah it's for the gymnastics friends but
I'm gonna see if you can go do you want
to go and what do you have in your ears
nothing earrings that have glasses yeah
we put some ear even Haley theories I'm
gonna take them why would I don't you
are you're not gonna wear those glasses
when you don't have classes look what if
you wear glasses the rest of your life
yeah house okay random because I have a
low thyroid yeah I gotcha get a drink
okay thanks for telling me who said that
Berg mmm what's your bird's name tweet
watch
thanks for watching
right Ally I like do it without talk I
like chocolate milk I love my sister you
hold it down in a tweet and then you say
something moan of truth right here I
like pie and hamburgers on a Sunday
afternoon strolling down the park isn't
seeing kids swing and follow the faces
that one
hahahaha like irises and falling on the
faces so I just go back fantastics again
I did it a lot yeah so anyways uh
yesterday got chickweed ood to take a
drawing and like you get tickets if you
do something new or really good and so
at the end of each month we get all of
our tickets and you take adrenaline but
I'm actually at the end of the day we
rip on the half and then put them in a
bucket and at the end of the month month
they call up my coach calls out the last
three numbers and if you have that
ticket we get a piece of candy
and I got a bunch of candy right now I'm
eating go moose I am nerd bird ah he
himself would we get home early to eat
pizza and we are going to make some
reindeer cookies out of what kind of
cookie yeah out of a sugar cookie yeah
she loves did you find all the
ingredients yeah yeah did you get him
did you get read intimate Eminem's food
so rude ah yeah we got everything we
needed and all the rain geez you still
have to call him names they never let
poor Rudolph join in any reindeer games
then one foggy Christmas Eve santa came
to say Rudolph with your nose so bright
won't you guide my sleigh tonight then
all the reindeer loved him as they
shouted out with glee Rudolph the
red-nosed reindeer you'll go down in his
story
ah ar rar rar rar rar dog thought was
funny notion DeeDee we all thought it
was funny
me and the dog here are you ready to
bake some cookies
alright you where's Annie
I'm nope nope right here Annie where's
hailey
here's your all your ingredients you
need let's see if you can figure out
what they're all for that's the sugar
cookie oh yeah
we're not getting your English reindeer
don't need sprinkles No
wrinkles on this so they can fly if you
don't put the wrinkles on them they
can't fly so how you feel about not
reindeer flying pretty good actually
what so doing someone's hyper nigga not
peanut butter no we're doing sugar sugar
cookie
reindeer oh they're so cute epic
cheating no cupcake okay where's the
mouth don't have about Haley not gali
gali mein use again Todd Nisan in all
radio and they'll he downwinder with
please I don't like this Oh what oh what
I'm doing come here the lights are going
out I thought it was you hey I was
freaky freaky creepy creepy freaky if he
did I'm thinking you go he did it oh my
god dad daddy fade can you do it sad
daddy face okay okay
no it's like the whole house I have a
little on my name how do you do it I
don't know what are these yeah
what are the pretzels for what are the
pretzels perfect it's fully the ear the
antlers yeah
and what are the regular M&Ms for me to
the regular one one of that foreheads
what about nice mini ah
they're gonna be cute little reindeer
who are Ranger are gonna be white
reindeer
you should be Santa yeah that do the
North Pole stick but ah but anyway our
reindeer are gonna be white cuz and he
doesn't like you know better cook that
it's ours aren't gonna be brown reindeer
go to make chocolate chip and I could be
right hand uh chocolate no chocolate
Jackie you never know where the
chocolate chips are show up you get the
chocolate chips you can just eat the
chocolate and put or we can just use
white sugar cookies I made our second
batch it's about to go in yeah yeah
they're kind of touching okay no is it
that's a cookie fail
is it the bacon cookie feel yeah it's
not okay like no it's not okay not okay
no yeah no one's gonna want to eat them
the cookies touched each other egg I'm
cootie he just testing it out this one
was our first one and it looks like
Fanta mm-hmm and then we started putting
in there like a triangle hmm the best
part of making cookies and eating them
hmm
so we're going to go onto the second
batch because the first batch didn't go
as we wanted it to so we're gonna try
second batch first one was a trout he's
attentive to like I guess the flour and
then like me neither yeah we're gonna
roll it out and kind of shake them shake
like a hey yeah and we decided we needed
icing all right oh these cookies came
out much better and after you take your
cookies out you let them cool then you
can put your icing on we're using white
yummy ass cream cheese icing
jung-mi time to make up yeah a little
women I'll see this one okay to the Big
Ten we're gonna put our little antlers
on and then of course and then we'll be
ready for your organized M&M so let's
see what happens if we put big ol
antlers on the sky oh nice going cute
oh Claire Oh Mary I need I need a brown
- brown eyes and you can put that on
Haley and then we need a Red Raven I
throw too many name so it's not yeah
you're gonna put the outside down Oh
jurors little eye that's perfect
Jamie it's neither has his nose so those
are zayed you're right so one oh okay
perfect
another eye this is these are so easy to
make up on you love once you get the
shape right okay I know you'll have cute
little nose on oh oh yeah oh he's so
cute II are doing cookies no say metals
at um and so and so BRR whoa whoa food
and yeah up earlier than through
tomorrow so we decided to bake some
cookies over party and I just you do my
own cookies that Nani made her own icing
yeah can you hold this for a second kid
you know didn't I not hear we don't like
icing on her face anything ray oh yeah
right here
haha
they look great thank you you're welcome
now you brought down here 0.2 seconds
ago what three excuse me
they really do did turn out cute oh hey
hey oh yeah it looks like a face of
eating horrible cookie are you trying to
smell your eyeball I'm not did not look
like he was trying to smell his eyeball
I can't see my forehead
hello guys I'm here with me myself the
better one of this family I am here with
Annie the just one idea with Rena family
Haley anyways so we're gonna do the
washing today and since we baked cookies
it's gonna be what is your favorite
cookie to eat eight nine is jackpot jet
literally chef
chocolate chip you make your rap muffin
no serious um vanilla frosted no okay
peanut butter I already know yours
someone good sister like that
yeah he's cutting you right now anyways
don't forget to come along as we won't
never today's what are your favorite
cookie date by the next day also
probably
potato baked potato baby thanks for
watching
Britt Ailey
