I'm the mayor because you know the
lighting is like way better over here so
I have a huge announcement I'm going to
the Nickelodeon Kids Choice Awards this
weekend it's gonna be live there
Saturday night at 8/7 central and John
Cena is going to be hosting it so that's
gonna be fun um also Camila Kibeho and
mirandasings are gonna be there so it's
pretty much gonna be like the best start
of your life so anyways don't forget to
watch the Nickelodeon Kids Choice Awards
this Saturday night at 8:00 7:00 central
can't wait let's do this can't wait for
the slime happy Wednesday when I thought
it was Tuesday someone didn't sleep well
last night it's this girl right there
that you're looking at so this is the
plan for the day we got a
divide-and-conquer these two people have
to divide and conquer I'm taking Annie
to set and daddy is taking Haley to the
place that Annie went to yesterday it's
a like an acting training so I didn't
want to sit in the car
daddy volunteered to go sit in the car
while Haley was doing that that was nice
of him then they are going to meet us on
set because Annie and Haley have like
five scenes to film together today for
chicken girls so Annie and I are about
to walk out the door because our ride is
longer and that's what our day is gonna
be now we're not overing and he's
probably gonna sleep in the car
you just couldn't sleep you just kept
waking up I woke up several times what I
felt like I went to bed so early last
night that I got plenty of the way like
9 o'clock early I was in the bed ready
we should go let's go tell Haley goodbye
all right Haley you're
leaving in like 20 or 30 minutes like
the BART leave showered their hair is
wet and drying and I love you and I will
see you at 10:30 okay at 7:30 right now
well 7:45 so see you soon
don't forget your backpack did you pack
a birthday I did I just don't know if
your charger so I hope your computer's
charged you might want to go see if you
have a charger okay yeah you're like
just go the whole maybe my computer will
die love you did you're ready you're
gonna get jacking on well are you gonna
go to sleep
good night so I was I went to film in
the elevator as soon as I went to turn
the camera on someone walked in and we
both looked into her like so hey a story
about our family when Haley comes out of
the apartment the first thing she does
is push the elevator button Annie will
literally stand there one day we should
do it one day we should come out and
none of us should push the elevator
button and we should see how long and he
just stands there yes because she never
pushes the elevator right
well she thinks anyone else just not her
all right Haley's Londoner script so
that we can so she can do her lesson yes
I did all right we got away cuz we're
early like always you know you know it
so what's your appointment I'm nine
o'clock we were earlier ten minutes
early
eleven minutes early oh wow who told her
math on teach it I just got out what
does it come the acting lesson it was
fun and now we are going to the setup
chicken girls to whom it's raining in LA
what never happened right it's ringing
are you kidding what
Wow see the sweat it sweat sweat that is
what there's water coming from the sky
they just called Haley up does that
Haley just gotta set and now there she's
going to film go have fun
Haley's right here vlogging away any
authority on set okay we'll go film and
then you can eat we're having trouble
signing and Haley on line for school so
she's like oh goody I don't have to do
school but I'm gonna sit here and how to
figure it out where
he decided to put a hand sanitizer right
here and then I wiped it off being a
stupid person and it was all over my
face in my face that's right because I'm
allergic to sanitizer are you actually
you definitely aren't really I'm not
allergic I already told you wait I want
to get off
oh look there's sanitizer on my arm look
I'm a numbers and I'll just women like
me
okay suppose eyes are closed
okay open your mouth which one is it
don't open your eyes you're so right
hey don't look okay that was barbeque
next thing stop chili cheese fries no
those are Cheetos yeah
why'd you put it down it's no
here on
Oh
okay now it's my turn to be fine okay
let's go all right so he can be anything
right okay anything look eatable you
both beautiful all right so keep your
eyes closed
oh this one is very natural okay very
very natural I just want to make your
breath smell amazing
all right okay your eyes a half-eaten
potato in my mouth okay right you better
get chewed blow a little bubble while
you're at it all right last one
close your eyes
put in the lead Haley I was like okay
just close your eyes keep the gum in
there it's all good all right come
closer you kiss you okay wait moving up
to the camera you ready
what it's toasty peanut butter cake boy
she allergic to peanuts okay no you're
not yeah I would you should be called I
print Christian and k2 noon and yeah
yeah oh your dad I wouldn't believe your
daddy we are going to a callback
a pilot who's gonna call back
that's why all we're doing the whole
training training
yeah is done but we're gonna have
to go back to set
because you know we left our car there
cause we brought two guys we've handy I
training today took yesterday
oh man I went in one gramma dieded
walkthroughs go back to son after but
we're gonna do this so they were there
they were auditioning
don't be page they were auditioning for
sisters hmm that was a stretch so that
y'all read together too they read
together yeah I mean y'all read together
I know made them loud was it fun catch
hey here we are my ears are popping
no don't because yes we had to stop at
Starbucks what are we doing why Haley
was like roll on this I don't know what
we're rolling on any she missed almost
grabbed that guys
what is it I'm sort of like trend on
Instagram where you film the straw see
they play sisters really well
almost like it's real life all right
let's get our trash we are on our way
out of here back to set to get the other
car grab yours I'll throw the trash bag
and Inez might ask everybody about
lashley you can get them shorter right
yeah I'm like you have to do them as
like boulders this person we're gonna
have to research it give a blue stuff on
them that's what I want to know yeah I
know what's wrong with your lashes I
love amber Lake and it doesn't it still
my eyelashes if there's nothing gonna be
fake about them just they're curled it's
like curling your eyelashes but they're
more up look into it but for now let's
go in because you wanted to say hi to
everybody again nice are we
that's amazing
that's my jacket
good can you make him like come on these
are the type of bears that people get in
and go to Walmart hey guys it's me as
you can see and we are in a car and
Annie wanted to say stick wanted to stay
at set but I did not so we are about to
actually we are not about to we have had
Lincoln good 30 more minutes in the car
boys for tonight except ago and she's
just on her phone the girl plan for
tonight you know by the way like I
always say an unplugged animal isn't I
look up here not in the camera because
that's what I do anyway this is a
massive if you take over we are Ellen's
birthday party right now look at all I'm
look at that balloon right there that's
so sick and then we got Yvonne's name so
yes we're a boat we are actually at a
bowling alley right now we are just
upstairs with the adults so we're gonna
go down guys everybody we're going
downstairs right now I'm sorry if you
cannot hear me and
you don't miss it
watch this one hi everyone get in the
moment good job look at that you're glad
you guys and yes we're just down here
falling and so yeah watch Annie Bowl
when we're done go before we end it
Katie just bails was really good
anything over Bobby got Andes is at a
pony party and she's not back yet
so take awesome Nutella not sponsored
until you tell if you want to do a
banner you can do anything you can do
strawberries you can do blueberries I
don't know if that would taste very good
but you can do it you're gonna dqo being
good
if you don't like Nutella you can do
whatever you want you can do peanut
butter you can do whatever you want
I just love Nutella great oh well that's
a disappointment draw my pizza that's a
disappointment everyone was like I'm
crying we just walked into the house and
we're taking but you didn't even let me
get it out I was pretty sure you were
thinking I was gonna make everybody take
a bit on whether they thought you were
faking or not I was 90% I was gonna say
let's take bets on if she's really
asleep or not I was gonna tickle you
no I don't know how are they gonna do I
can usually tell if you're asleep though
no cuz it wouldn't have tickled if you
weren't asleep you wouldn't have let me
tickle you could I would be like I'm
gonna tickle her and as soon as I did
how was your night did you have fun we
went to one of Dylan's friend's birthday
parties she's gonna sleep in what she's
wearing on the plane we're lit I'm
waking up at 5:15 Haley where her Lulu's
what wearing them
anyway give them to me she didn't she
didn't feel anything
but it's so it's common for sisters to
share clothes like that we're right back
with a question of the day it's normal
for siblings to fight over clothes and
sharing clothes so I need those and she
needs to stop borrowing my stuff because
I tried I had a shirt she had an
oversized shirt and I was like I don't
know where this she was alright we'll be
back in a little bit we've really got to
get focused here you guys focus focus
focus up for the stuff that I just put
in the laundry what is this that we're
doing this is yours you gave it to me I
did come to bet you don't you need
lotion or might like a moisturizer for
your face that's all you need for your
face right now you need to wash your
face with soap and water and then put
some moisturizer on my boy stur eyes are
on it that moisturizer are clear that's
cleanser really no I might burn your
face my face is started sort of sauna
but I work for a bit like anybody had a
question of the day because we're
literally about to jump in bed we're
brushing our teeth or washing your face
you don't even know how to do it
you okay that's enough you don't need
that much huh it was perfect
don't get in your eyes question of the
day describe your face care regimen
regimen Annie what's yours good stuff
how do you take care of your skin
blam blow hunter so you cleanse cleanse
and no excited tell you I do a cleanse
and then I do a supposed to wash it off
Bailey cleanse Matt every day you do a
mask but like if I'm doing everything
like okay if you're doing a trace lens
and then I would do
and masks and then I would do a serum
and then this thing
the facial thing and I do something with
my like ice and ice cream and then I do
lip scrub and then I would do little
chapstick and then I do moisturizer most
important things is to cleanse your skin
and moisturize your skin and brush your
teeth
that's not skin care but I'm just saying
one of these days you guys are do a
nighttime routine and then thumbs up for
a nighttime routine moisturizer right
now alright my friends I'm just waiting
for a last load of laundry a quick load
you washed the Lulu's at hailey borrowed
and I just gotta throw it in the dryer
and we're off tomorrow to the concert
and Hayley's Hayley was supposed to film
Manning tomorrow but I think I got
rained out because I was outside so
she's filming the next day and comment
down below your what you do for your
skin care and we will see you guys
bright and early I'm usually pretty good
about remembering to film in the morning
but this week I kind of or the day where
I kind of forgot we were bloggers
alright anyways I'm not a desktop
babbling you know the drill comment down
below we'll see you Emily huh can I say
something wrong no it's boat
see you tomorrow is all I'm gonna say
guys good night you can be a makeup guru
on your own time okay okay Wow
good night guys see you tomorrow number
two celebrate
babe
thanks for watching
Britt Ailey
