oh my goodness you guys was our first
time in a hotel well no we were in the
hotel in Toronto never mind don't listen
to me good morning guys we gotta wake
them up
it's what's today Monday and we are
going to LA we haven't officially said
that my tickle them awake you listening
to me vlog we're going to LA today going
home
do you consider LA home yes but tomorrow
will not come
that's horrible it is gonna be true
tomorrow when we can have Taco Tuesday
well I know what else tomorrow is yeah I
don't want to think about it you're not
a teenager please then you're gonna be
so mean what can we just like extend it
we just make this the longest day ever
and I said it will be we're gonna get an
extra three hours because we're gonna be
in LA extra three hours that is son can
we stay up Oh it'll be so late for us
ask for more time and we just got more
time you just yeah I gave you three more
hours three hours let there be light
alright guys so we're just rolling out
of bed we're gonna go down to breakfast
with the team I don't know if
everybody's gonna be there but I know
Nicole last night cuz air conditioned
they turned off for the season but I
didn't read the little note and now
you're actually with pants on but I just
couldn't do it so here's the thing I
woke up in the night sweating they're
like no covers on them their covers are
down there so I knew they were hot too
and I looked at it was 86 degrees that's
hot
alright our morning update went a little
long today so we're gonna get this day
started stay tuned for something that's
how you're going to slip up are y'all
really gonna do it yes we are like
really yes I promise you you're doing it
- Nicole said in the run we're not going
to give any more details alright stay
tuned okay so uh we went down to
breakfast and we came back up our key
didn't work so Paige is very proud of
herself because I was I wasn't gonna go
down and just get them to reactivate
them but there was a house phone and and
he's like just use this oh and Paige did
it and they came in and they let us in
but what if what if that hadn't been our
room she just let us in was the wall oh
sure she knew
but listen she didn't check my ID
because I said we did I have a sweet
voice if we don't open the elevator
obviously our cards work somethings made
probably saw that I was a host she's
been watching social media all morning
like oh my gosh what is that like 30
year old doing on stage she's like in a
kidnap at night no 30 year old
what's wrong with being in your 30s Oh
ever want to sing a song it's gotta be
one of Annie now why'd you shut the door
I do have to captain from peeing all
right we're packing up the room we're
meeting Brooke and Nicole for our flight
we're on the same flight as them are you
gonna be okay when you're an adult
seeing all this do you what is your
process of thinking right now you don't
even know like I don't think you're
thinking where you can tell look at me
what do you date like do you are you say
when I was surrounded by crazy people
like my whole life it took two cars but
we got here how was y'all's ride good
okay y'all like seriously become we come
with baggage
oh you got my baggage you get it
Thank You Brooke thank you okay
seriously we are we loaded up one car
that's not all Danny's equipment so we
are here at the airport
dark girls trip y'all have everything
out like bones and here we go let's go
get checked in Hey
really we had to split up now I know I
know maja I'm gonna hoodie I'm gonna get
a t-shirt because I'm a hot and I need
to take my sweatshirt off hey Brooke
they're from your suitcase it's such a
good idea that's a good gosh that's why
she has all her clothes I didn't check
their back all right we are getting
ready to go on these trains these trains
where where are we going everybody
else's it is this side I think all right
this is how we don't know where we're
going
distracting same gates be here we go
they already knew this is our train the
side hey Paige
are you ready to go home right ready
ready oh I'm ready to go home I just
realized what you're saying
she called LA home come here like
cleaning a little baby's mouth like you
brush this really cool sweatshirt and
you dropped me like it but breaker and
then pick a stick or like an antler I'm
not really sure it does look like an
inhaler acts like you it's neat
not the llama the stick the llamas cute
too rubric guys we're going to LA or is
Paige like to say we're going home it's
the plane
not like with your lips page it is
you've flown this airline before
show it
so funny
he looks suspicious Oh security Nicole
got selected do not occupy why not don't
alright no one slept their head I think
I'll just I'll take that thank you
just kidding yeah make sure get on the
wrong one my crostini page
I'm just gonna get everything situated I
might do a little school but I'm says
that I've chosen
maybe I will put them again
come on
the driver
Hey
I always fail good job bro
you ruined us oh okay we're dancing and
then she stopped singing like it's over
got the surprise it was a flash mob
actually the worst I loved it it was
great okay we're gonna get you a drink
we're waiting on equipment bye Brooke
what was fun sooner or later and of
course after a crazy Flashdance
Flashdance flashmob we've got to get
some peak drinks so Haley's patiently
waiting for our order thank you this
will make it all better
no you can have it we had a
miscommunication on what who wanted what
I thought Annie said water
she said pink drink but it was good
because I ordered to paint I probably
was half listening like I said I just
assumed you said water I know but I yeah
thank you so I probably was like was
rhetorical what do you want to drink
Annie and I just didn't even listen to
her answer right I was already getting a
water in my head for her but I got me a
pink drink even though I was like I
don't know if I want one so I got it so
Annie can have it so it worked out
perfectly
I'll drink some we can share it's dude
it's all good
we're waiting on our car and then we're
going to the apartment we have missed it
Paige is convinced it's home Haley's
like I missed it it's my second home I
thought that was so cute
Paige's referring to it as our first oh
that's bad Sekou we've ever had
ever ever ever what's your name has
Arthur are nice indeed you Arthur
he has fingernail clippers he has gum he
has at Mario Kart old not Mario car he's
got a gameboy he's playing some racing
water at the cleanest car I've ever been
in and pages about Tigers phone chargers
yes he hooked us up with some phone
chargers outside if I drop your nose
she'll buy a new ones
hilarious feel like legit
I thought she meant especially one of
the clip for toenail I'm like you're the
one is it this is vlog or anything this
is vlog we're gonna get your camera
alright so there's you there you guys go
okay we're good
you're on my way to the apartment I know
we were saying goodbye to the apartment
and you're saying goodbye the page no I
like kool-aid not in the least
you don't even look like you're painting
the weirdo birthday dinner
I'm hoping the air works because the
last couple times we it like the air
would go out and it was very hot when we
came in I'm hoping it's just cuz I
remember to turn the air up I'm gonna be
crying if the air doesn't work today
yeah
alright question of the day cuz it's 11
o'clock back at home and we have had a
long day
what's your favorite kind of candy - -
or Reese's peanut butter cups oh you
didn't have it Hershey's is yours win if
I'm filling it with some favorite candy
Hershey with almonds yes Doritos what's
your favorite candy really do we name
the llama : Christian Christian
Christian the llama Christian the llama
funny all right guys comment down below
your favorite candy as well and we will
see you tomorrow
Annie's gonna be 13 tomorrow so we've
got to make the next couple hours go so
slow because I am NOT ready I have mixed
emotions and I am just not even gonna
talk about it right now so we love you
all and tomorrow is gonna be fun we're
going for a birthday dinner with Brooke
and rush magazine rush and Nicole and I
don't know if my clique she's trying to
hurry up no I'm making this last a long
time so you don't turn 13 we're not
saying goodbye next time you see that we
are saying about her
I'm saying goodbye because I'm tired and
all that jazz
okay then like Paige just said the next
time we see oh let me just tell you guys
that we're gonna there's gonna be some
more footage because she doesn't know
but I'm gonna take the camera okay at
1159 are you you're gonna make it oh
just kidding I'm kidding it's only 8:00
here I forgot thank you
but if we couldn't make it to wait nine
years and it's 12 very silly said you
were born in Georgia and that's he's
Coast time okay no we'll be back baby
maybe I don't know this has gone crazy
okay we're back for some bonus footage
it's 857 so meaning it's this is my 1157
eastern time their last few minutes of
being it's gonna be 12 12
she hasn't won us a sing happy birthday
to her yeah I'm just gonna say happy
birthday because we're gonna sing and
you're gonna go together being 12 yeah
Wow
this year was really first time we've
done all her music videos that's well
the next musical you do you'll be 13
Haley's been super helpful tonight okay
well we've got two more minutes I guess
two more minutes of being tweetable
minutes just because I can say moment of
silence ready that's not time silence we
can't be silent
8:59 was 57 what happened
two minutes went by wait silence wait
check your phone
keep a hold of a gesture oh don't say it
like that
Flyers are being 1312 that thing were
you aiming that thing that phone right
there
you're taking yourself it's 859 my clock
gonna be Mike date still gonna say
December 4 because it's specific time
right now but people's clocks are gonna
say it actually and um are you crying
she is happy birthday we love you
all right guys here we go guys what's
wrong
it's waxy all right
guys bonus footage complete we love you
Annie happy birthday are you see it
today actually I was because I see you
today haha but it's really still the
other day she is 13 but she was born at
like 6 something yeah I'm not really
p.m. technically she's not but it's her
birthday in on the East Coast okay to
celebrate
based on baby
thanks for watching
Britt Ailee
