time for what Callie hey guys the Annie
me Haley
me Jill and we're here today for
Batali's top 10 Christmas wish lists so
we went shopping at Target and picked
out the 10 toys we wanted the most
yes thank begin at all of us and choose
new toys
starting off her list number 10 is
minecraft spider plushie give up the
clap
so this toy or plushie as may call it is
a spider it's been getting into
Minecraft and I'd like my Crouch for a
very long time now so you thought my
girl pushy and what better than just a
spider
Nick hunting and number 9
pathetically we thought this would be a
good Christmas stick because he looks
loves nerve and he's never had a track
number errorless is my little pony
rainbow wrong we decided on try night
Sparkle this is a good gift because I
don't have my little I have love ponies
already bag don't want the dog at number
7 on our list is Xbox so why we make
this for number 6 was because I think
it's pretty cool because it moves by
remote control
I find it kind of you find it kind of
crazy I got a little spider up to number
6 on our list this is pretty cool one I
can let off mix difference and to Haley
really liked it Haley really really
likes the car and what I also got was
pulled off this is she walks box and
sings
I'm really excited number five it's the
Crayola paint maker really can you tell
us why you like this Spritle vinegar God
you get to make paint that is so the
public tight-ass question so what colors
are you do you want to make you pepper
yes you do
so we tried this out this boyfriend
we're at
silly and and him to do it yes I get our
drugs it's really cool you can just mix
your colors
there's strips it's a paper like that
nice dress it's it's wrinkled you got it
in your smile too much they need to get
it themselves
this is number five and that's it for
that so coming in at number four is the
leapfrog leap and it is to help your kid
kindergartner sit down in turn this
helps your child learn to read and write
so it's perfect for a little
kindergartner so number three is you
Technium SmartWatch so we wear it on
your wrists like a normal watch but
smartest watch for kids
you're the smartest watch haha grown-ups
ah and number two is our generation
thoroughbred horse I'm really excited
about this because my dog doesn't have a
voice yet and you're too goo yes you are
yes you are and coming in at number one
is in the hot spot the king the Queen
come over here to see it yeah crazy car
and the crowd goes wild
I hope you enjoyed the Kaylee's top 10
Christmas wish list don't forget to head
over to Target and look at all these
toys and much more amazing on ah
baked potato baby
thanks for watching
Britt Ailey
