today I'm bikini weight now it's getting
time for me okay guys yeah okay guys
here are life
Haley you're gonna say hey guys today we
are going through the Christmas wish
list and it's going to say uh uh we are
here with myself
Annie and Hailey Ready Set today we're
doing Christmas wish list yup sit down
my right leg okay try to gain to not guy
to seven go today we are doing a
Christmas wish list today we are going
through a Christmas yeah take three
okay we are going through a Christmas
list for hey Kayla you know you're in
this right yeah okay myself a me and
Haley nope today we're doing yes I
cannot okay fine fine buddy out the way
Haley you're saying your hair is myself
Haley and and you're saying he was like
because I forgot what and
okay so we are going through a Christmas
wish we are here with me myself Hailey
and Amy rapper rap goodbye we got to cut
this camera because we're giving away
our Christmas wishlist okay I'm sure
never tune in right down to an upcoming
video right yes I don't know when but
soon it's coming soon no no don't pick
it all the toys No hailey come here look
what we got in the mail look what we
ordered something new you hailey then
I'm gonna try one on and see if they fit
kids he so next time that we're out
somewhere cuz every time that bum were
out like it Disney World or playlist or
VidCon or places like that we see
somebody that recognizes us we give them
a card and a bracelet but we were
running out of bracelets so we ordered
some new ones
how do you mean they're silver they're
sparkly white yeah come look try it on
for me I like them I think they'll even
fit me I love it
okay cool
aren't they neat just so sparkly a bit
yes and I can wear it at home on my
ankle you can't wear it a domestic give
it a decomp so you can wear thing on
your ankles put it on your ankle
try it on I have to take it off
fit your angle yep
oh yeah perfect I still room cool I
think I like these better than the other
ones next to me see you you get it
awesome for daily fights I will not may
well we have enough on us we don't carry
out the whole bag around but I'm gonna
we're gonna carry the whole background
everywhere you go there ends pinched
hands pick a pill what do you have
around her neck where did you get de ma
and the mail yeah what are you doing
setting a fuzzy strutting him Lucy your
best and strut and strut and strike low
and step and strap in strip and stable
grabbing a strut off it stripping
stripping stripping skipping skipping
trampled and to end up jumping something
wait now it's getting screaming keep
flip over like a pancake like a baguette
yell it now Annie Annie you gotta let go
so now I know we're all go Suraj yeah
there you go back Jim no all right we're
staying here Oh see how would it do if I
made you stay here we're not going back
to gymnastics nope she's walk I can turn
from gymnastics they're so funny you say
home no why oh whoa Nellie and that face
straight arms come on can you bench her
can you lift her up no he can for what
like ya know like she's laying down yeah
torturing children is my favorite Oh
your toe how does that feel tell me
today yeah you gotta get off now Danny
you want to be benched yeah Oh Bret tail
is here in the building
yeah and strapped in stuff you want to
show me your best strat right Danny you
know when she's a bad mood you can't do
things like that
everything hurts bad genre you know okay
that's what started this whole ordeal
I've taken off her gymnastics so she can
watch your work oh yeah we wear our
birthdays nice
you tell your coach that stays on here
now she does I want to wear it after all
that fit throwing and that grouchy moods
hey we're gonna to wear it did you see
that
daddy watch he doesn't really want to
wear that does he hailed one day you're
gonna look back at these videos and be
like what was I thinking
we got dad dad dad dad Island look at
different so yes we are going to save
the questions day huh I got the question
do this or that or pee pee I said peas
Oh anyway let's do a Christmas jingle
both my it's mo decorate your house with
tiny white lights or big old-fashioned
colored light curl night
yeah old-fashioned highlights yeah so
don't forget to calm down looks do it
all the question today and decorate your
house a tiny white light or the big
old-fashioned color lights bye hey guys
welcome back to the question of the day
which is a game show just kidding um so
today's question today is decorate I
hailey was horrible saying this so I'm
gonna go with both decorate your house
with tiny white lights with big
old-fashioned colored lights definitely
tiny white lights I don't want big
decorations like that now another one
make all my
made gifts for the family cook them a
homemade meal I've got to say I probably
better cooking then making stuff like
arts and crafts
so I'd say number two see you guys
tomorrow in battle moon comes wrong
though cuz it's one of those baked
potato babe thanks for watching Brit
Ailee
