time for my youi have good news and bad
news
I I forgot
good boys go with the bad news for bad
news is that it is not school break
anymore Thanksgiving break fellas by
giving break and oh yeah I got the new
good news my green velvet - whoop - I
can read well book - Hailie read let's
see she read these words she read this
oh sure
hey story time with Haley
okay pan can read hey sit I mean ya see
food pan sit weird because they're good
they're vinegar if you can really see
you're sitting yes
Pam will re king Pam read Plus oh we
forgot that work well Ken Pam read well
well what do you think you know because
we already read this yes yes sure god
that's out what it says yeah yeah yeah
yes Pam can read and reading yeah there
you go
okay you are I mean I think so but they
probably don't well I think some people
think you're amazing
and if they don't think you're maybe
I'll go and beat them up
look does look like 50 so it doesn't I'm
barely hitting you let me show you what
hurts
nah you're too cute don't kick on me oh
dang for the idea it's so as I pretend
to tickle Haley like she said
Thanksgiving break is over
whoo what was your other good news that
you wanted to tell everybody what yeah
no you're gonna tell him now yes yes
okay Oh nah nah me I mean you don't know
wait you do don't you
hello Nani so Nani is coming enjoy guys
and who she gonna bring though yeah we
think she's bring him Bo oh he's so cute
oh and I have been trying to get ready
for that and now I need a nap like you
know I really need a nap it's themed of
Thanksgiving break the first day back to
school and it just went by too fast
Oh move on down school first day at
school and I had to do a project science
project which is do like in I don't know
10 11 12 days and actually I think I got
away really easy one I thought it was
going to be fun one
but actually I mean it was so fun but
it's um is smiling' contagious so I
looked it up and I was like it so
Yanni's contagious what makes you any
contagious it said it was a bonding
thing and then so it same thing I really
haven't looked up coughing so that's
gonna be the next thing that I do but
like I've gone a little bit into it and
then I'm smiling with this project is
smiling contagious they said they said
it they don't know because it could be
but I mean smiling could be a like could
it could mean Joy's could mean anger it
could mean it no it could just be a lie
you know smiling just because that's
what somebody wants to know or see you
don't I'm not here to educate you guys
because that's your teachers job and I'm
probably really bad job so yeah that's
all I'd say and now this time to eat
something so I'm going to do next on my
bucket list let's go so we're all
gathered here computer about to watch or
Nintendo commercials really put on
without your life you'll be on the
television but we're gonna watch it in
youtube because other people are lazy
and don't want to actually technically
make you lazy so wait you want to sit in
front of the TV all night waiting for
this commercial but that may or may not
come on while you're watching it that
I'm pretty sure that means
she's lazy one all right we can just
want it here everybody could we'll put a
link in and our friends who are watching
this video can go watch it too and then
they can watch TV and see if they see it
on TV
okay okay all right we're gonna watch it
for three do what what did you say mommy
we just watched it we just watched it
and Annie said something about Caleb in
the commercial and they left it in wait
what
he's gonna have to watch it again that
not normal in this video game Caleb
right girl yeah let's give away what'd
you say I said sure let's go with that
mmm look at that face are you talking
about the broccoli right there but it's
so cute what do you think Jimmy alright
let the marathon tv-watching begin I've
never wanted to watch commercials ever
until now so I just got back from is
stored we got some linens and I'm gonna
show my family something and you guys
something so one time at my friend's
birthday party it was like an old
fashioned designed for double digits I
think that's why I'm so big okay so know
whatever yes you put you put the
peppermint stick into the limit and you
drink it and it tastes so let's see
where do I put
I don't know you're the one showing us I
didn't even know if this is possible
Jimmy push them boy yes I know this
romper
alright then I'm gonna try me I'm gonna
try but work does it actually work
passed around whether she's gonna pass
this one room does it actually work
sounds like it I have to get who did you
get though I hear it
oh wait I got it adjacent now does it
taste like lemon lemon the lemony
peppermint you taste it was it lifelike
it's okay like we need another candy
cane now I'll make video about Haley try
it I think there needs to be another
mole what do you think good and there
has to be an inner hole
I said bigger hole just just drink it
you're scared oh oh he doesn't want your
cooties what do you think bro really
good guy even like one of them you're
just kidding okay yo and now the second
thing we're gonna try is cold milk magic
I do not know how it worthless what's it
taste like cotton candy
oh that's milk we have fun at the
grocery store because we try to find
things that are weird or different we
also got this ah crud
it's is um it's this Annie that about
stop whining but it's alright you ready
for that
Oh gonna be good if it's not good I'm
busy bin antes you know how they dropped
you have a better net yeah yeah okay one
squirt I don't wanna die at first I know
you got to try the lemon first dip yeah
see this this was my milk drinker she
used to have strawberry milk every day
in a shippi huh
yeah he loved her strawberry milk daddy
did you try it
no no I'm be patient just daddy hey
kiddo don't drink all of it no it's
horrible isn't it he said what's it
taste like
jinx teabags tastes like a flavor
okay nobody's Iceland days like cotton
candy okay how does it taste like I
think it does like cotton candy
yeah me hey so Haley's answers flavor my
answers cotton candy Annie's answers
she's gonna chug down what should you
about good kids really good no better
that's it okay
I think it's better than that I've got
to say I can really taste you that yes
we do no you don't do you sure you want
to squeeze it she's like a guard dog
over her bone good doggie
those bastards you can run for dinner
grabbing kid like it isn't gonna be
really yummy this is my badge I work for
the lemon please not now
idiot Piper are super not with your
little okay
you're like yeah
Piper wasn't lemon so now it's time for
the brush today so I'm doing for my box
I'm gonna pick the bottom one I know
what I'm doing ah okay it's like a long
one ooh what do you say to someone who
said that you're too young or too old to
do something I'm a punch I mean to
someone yeah I want you do to someone
what do you say
I can't punch them did you young there
you go what do you say to Daddy when he
says something I say that good add age
dose ages of my rank you done yeah
what'd you say oh no what if you say
you're too young to wear that and I
wouldn't wear it okay so you wouldn't
say anything you say okay I need a help
a little help give you a little help how
about this one that's a good one crime
you're too young to stay home alone oh
no what do you think of that
I'll just go
my mom and dad you'd be okay with that
if I got it
okay let me say age doesn't matter all
right guys strength though so be sure to
go and check on Nintendo commercial you
don't want to be late yeah they call it
and watch it on TV she's losing you
could watched on YouTube the link is in
the description you can just go there
and stuff so don't get to condemn elopes
we want to know the question the day is
what do you say to someone who says
you're too young or too old to do
something you can also comment down
below if you saw the commercial on TV
and tell us about change you just stop
tickling me
event like that toy soap fine see you
tomorrow
ladies and gentlemen we are out I'm
gonna fall out this chair whoa whoa we
wouldn't have been surprised it again ah
yeah wait till we put back there just
get a baked potato babe
thanks for watching
Britt Ailey
