time for me to dispense giving room okay
now I stop all right so today for
Thanksgiving that we are going to Sydney
as you know there might have us over for
Thanksgiving it's gonna be really fun
yeah it's gonna be really fun I love
hearing I love you we are watching our
nails I'm doing little owls this is the
body I know you Sydney do that I love
you okay concealers back they're
cracking he considered but you can
that's what we're doing we're gonna have
so much fun it's gonna be awesome
whoa oh can I see your nails
they're pretty cruel did you just take
some trip the staff isn't spinning yes
and oh my gosh TV people good mom why
are you doing
echinacea I'm just doing the big family
ones we always host scarify house you
guys know what you're doing for
Thanksgiving going outside mastico house
Laura now go into said nasty girls house
retard Thanksgiving eating it's amazing
what we're gonna do eating it is amazing
yeah ever you need the best thing ever I
don't know what it's gone remember the
turkey whoa what's your favorite holiday
uh
well probably either Christmas or
Thanksgiving so food dollars bag what do
you want for christmas
I'm deathly unseating up for a new life
editing system so I'm saving up for a
nap book either pro or air so working on
getting some gift cards I want to
 me get a puppy love me pop it
would be great for me nobody
oh hi guys are you Piper you're not
getting a puppy a bunny
don't get me started and don't get me
started
okay will you guys in the Happy
Thanksgiving you today it's really fun
talking to you guys my gosh yes Merry
Christmas giving Wow going Oh fix is it
mastic old towel that's like a sit but
it does blends into an ethical what are
you doing for Thanksgiving we're going
to my grandma's house I see you have a
monkey okay definitely
rememeber torture bucket to look
like bow if you could meet one youtuber
who would you meet yeah bethany mota
what you pay about gymnastics
look at that puppy what your everything
risen she woke late yeah yeah sure
what's a little bit yeah cars
yeah Mars Oh have you ever done a press
handstand in a store oh yeah plenty of
them and at Disney and inside of studios
pretty much anywhere we go yeah in a
store I knocked over a sign oh oh did
you run all right we'll talk to you guys
later
go put lipstick on you weirdo we're
gonna Skype with candy why do you say
that mmm
escape baby monkey huh
how's it going
it's really good oh my family's coming
in like an hour
yay are you another family we're going
over to friend's house suggested what's
your favorite thing to eat on
Thanksgiving turkey turkey Turkey
especially what's your that's a very
stuffing
nothing what's your favorite holiday
Christmas what do you want the Christmas
um right now I'm looking at to getting a
better drawing tablet because I do like
going on the computer and stuff and the
one I have now
you can't like see what you're doing
it's kind of complicated
have a great Thanksgiving bye don't let
me know if it's a boy I'll beautiful
girl oh oh so cute sorry I had to very
high I never puts his head down he was
at I'm so cute she's a girl heading to
work is not it wouldn't even know what
gender you don't okay I don't know if
I've ever liked butter burger whenever
you touch this board he has one shot so
you do okay she pooped on before I want
to do it that's clear finger when you
want it on your nose you can't design is
to get panic nothing tell him is bad for
everybody he puts his head down you mean
she doesn't want to mean he wants to be
petted you pet it Haley and yeah yeah
bird
we had one when I was little Mike I want
him to come on me so I can show it know
nothing super cloth kind of hurt I'm not
gonna lie yeah not bad
y'all scared I don't want to just pet
the bird alone yeah it's really hard
bite me you're not gonna bro he's really
nice for me he knows he likes me eating
I think he probably senses a little of
your anxiety yeah a little-little
anxiety you don't know his name we do
they haven't picked the name for his
name we don't know if it's a girl oh boy
anyways um he is relatively new I don't
advise but put put it right now is Aloha
Josh okay okay wait what am i doing
we're cutting him okay okay now you're a
to hold it majority finger there you go
purple nipple cuz it's much sparkly here
no I saw okay
you should see this video so but this is
where my hair's down it was up but he
would he takes my earring and he chews
on it tries to pull it out where are you
gonna put it up no like my hand on you
know you gonna put the video up yeah
yeah so you are bird sitting yes have
you ever birds that before you sit on
them like rectly yep she gave me like
three page list o directions she very
protective mother my bad
that's so cool oh he's so cute how you
like the bird Oh
- it's kind of I my nail polish little
this Goodwin you Sparky baby baby never
Wow what that really bunny nibbles your
ear it tickles and it hurts
yeah he's nervous so don't be nervous
hello now can you please get him awesome
what have you duped on your head okay
I'm getting away from rooms I heard what
happened
angel :
are you just cold both they're broken
mmm team can you wiggle it you can't
mm-hmm you can't move it don't you other
thumbs
Thanksgiving injuries all your nails
look pretty I mean that's always
applause thanks you're welcome
is this her that hurts is this him both
joints that joint hurts and this one
hurts yeah let's let it relax go wash
your hands
we'll pick you up late okay if you want
to do what you're thankful for this year
high low high low high low who said
ready all right now I think you have
making major efficient a load of contr
kids having a little case of tendonitis
in her elbow all right who's got both
okay go ahead girl oh whoa your nails
messed up okay all right lips ready my
high that they came over and my bowl
that structure next week that's cool
Thanksgiving and Milo yet the bird got
onto the head Barlow a good dad got on
her badge didn't really fly yeah it was
funny
Caleb I know what your low is but you
ran into the electrical box and your fan
or is that your high because you scored
right oh we got your high low when you
nobody there but he catch up only ones
in town
so that's your low and the higher that
you scored that right alright we are
about to melt crayons right now we're
moving on to the paper
yeah not this this was mine over here
and then this one is
then we did the hair dryer and boys a
green forests are breaking crazy stuff
yeah we need the bird really angry yeah
like he was like biting the mitten oh
yeah now he's in bird jail yeah trying
to dude bird jail yeah that's how it
works
make sure it's on hot though thank you
that's all the way up yep oh I worked
all right so this one is for Sydney and
this one is Annie have another injury
which one hurts which one hurts worse
how I think someone her first but we'll
see yeah we're playing basketball I was
trying to rebound the ball and win a
good job
yeah but I'm mourning I am sitting over
at Sydney's house sorry it's a little
dark in here
well I'm sitting over here having a
sleepover and I'm probably gonna you
dizzy and probably now oh no it's not
some hello and goodbye
so we're having Mommy and Me time
because I'm Annie had a sleepover and
Caleb and Luke are um having to sleep
over here and it's very weird because
two girls are sleeping over there but
Sydney lives there super-move Hey what
weird because weina um personal is there
and one person does it so it's weird
what are we gonna do tonight we're gonna
watch a movie Maleficent it was right
I'm sayin some girl time because we've
got Piper look yeah it's scary huh are
you gonna be scared at this movie and
this is good because um you didn't want
to see him $0.11 when it came out in the
theater so daddy took a knee and you and
I stayed at home so we haven't seen this
and now we want to see it so we're gonna
have a good time right Haley's already
got up that morning she screams she does
how do you know
yeah Danny told me okay all right so oh
my gosh yeah we have hope everybody has
a Happy Thanksgiving right and did you
have a good Thanksgiving yeah I think a
piece of popcorn would make Piper's
Thanksgiving complete so good I've done
that robust tomorrow okay babe
thanks for watching
Britt Ailey
you
