morning you big goons you're lucky that
I love you and know that you're joking
what are we doing that's the new school
spot yeah you're gonna redesign the new
school spot yeah
you slept up there yeah no you did not
all night okay could I checked on you
should I get it I'll tell you okay what
is it
oh you'll tell me Annie you think
they're ever gonna be able to come put a
fake code into a fake keypad it's real
no I can't tell them why never if I
don't tell them that by a phone number
yell is not telling my phone number I'm
thinking it's it so you're doing school
up there yeah where are your books
nowhere where are your papers Haley
Haley I'm doing didn't we discuss this
last night yeah yes we did it this exact
thing that you just watched your classes
and you don't do your rap I am going to
go get the file and you are going to
lose
denied
what that's why he's calling my name
knowing yeah it can't be snowing it's
not even Thanksgiving it snowing and
Piper's hanging outside and daddy
cooking Thanksgiving Thanksgiving
dessert courier tomorrow's Thanksgiving
yeah yeah yeah Wow I can't believe how
good the snows coming down
and he can't believe it's no he's not
even winter yet
this'll make goodness in it's sticking I
don't think it's really cold enough just
to go look it just turned into rain yeah
turn you to rain just here how's that
light snow maybe it's still a little bit
you know does it fill
what's more slushy
Oh
today I've pretty much been a great
Thanksgiving Eve day and I'm getting
just some crackers first net and then
I'm gonna watch a movie it's gonna be a
great movie by myself and I'm out right
at the end and yesterday or the day
before we watched this movie called
snowman I've got a ready to this seven
six or seven because why it were how
many net like six or seven and because
um I felt be acting some parts were a
little better or worse than others like
you know it seemed like very bumpy but I
mean it still it had a great storyline
and stuff so I kind of enjoyed it and so
I I would recommend you guys who see
this I mean I don't remember when it
came out with snow maybe now I'm Stanley
Nietzsche cuz he's daring to me and I
was there on the to pepper is my bestie
but I'm making you peanut butter cookies
so who's your bestie now yeah yeah yeah
I love you bye cookies
saleable do anything for peanut butter
cookie I will kiss dogs touch and your
kiss it on the tongue come here then
buddy
so I have a change of plans my mom she's
going crazy I just announced that she's
fixing me peanut butter cookies so I am
pumped up to the piper
thanks Pfeiffer so I'm also gonna watch
movie because well it would be better
than peanut butter throw he's in a movie
playing a family game night would be
better than that playing a game or
watching ok so this is what I'm gonna do
I'm gonna play a movie while playing a
game
well good night yeah uh I said that I
would tell them something since of what
I watched last night that I was gonna
lay here and then I was like uh uh a red
man walking in and I'm like no no wait
no I don't speak that language they know
what I was saying oh okay I don't know
you guys had a secret code yeah what's
their name hmm I know what their needs
it's very feed your head like so secret
Piper doesn't you know Wow I'm good
teeth I hope I gotta say I'm good
telling I'm good at keeping secrets
you proud of me mm-hmm yeah you
shouldn't be one big happy family
playing Yahtzee oh this is gonna be so
much fun guys hey guys friend 1 and R
into birdie in different Furby all right
you okay Yahtzee Caleb do all you have
me and play Yahtzee with me you don't
have to but yes you have to oh I got
lots of friends real bread you win how
does it count but not good one right do
you really not like Oh have you ever
played this yeah you don't have a but I
mean I I probably didn't know if I any
story murmur dot see
what's wrong with universe Wow mommy so
I could try to go
I could start trying to do my side Wow
or I could go four five six and work on
like one of my straights that's what I'm
talking about decisions I understand
okay you are a boy period thank you
write your name with your top of your
paper why to have my paper
give me my paper got my name the work
okay so now we gotta learn friends down
you will be here all night
like so the wheel on wheel of fortune
don't speak every time
hey Piper you know we're getting rid of
your chair
it's like next week so you're so mean
that's like inhumane dog torture yes you
can't play how do you know I think she
wants to share her bone with you then
we're waiting one winner was 211 to 212
cross that name out no not my name we
had a holdout for Caleb oh yeah we'll
just do it for you yeah okay good
whoo but we've learned something you can
count right all right second round game
- it is quits
don't be a quitter drink some tea how's
it - yeah hey guys we just put it round
two of yeah none of us got a yacht
okay well here are the scores we play
two rounds yeah here um so this is mine
and yeah I lost both I got two or two on
my first month in 213 my second one to
the father um he got two eleven on his
first 101 okay your honor
so um and then in second round he got to
26 which one ah show me jelly's you got
212 smooth beat her on your your second
round beat our first rounds is that what
you're bad and if we add total of our
both games who win you guys but between
okay daddy wins yeah if he beat me by
five points on the second game I only
beat him by one point on the third place
third it's such a great what do you mean
are you guys doing what were you doing
upstairs so that's a good question of
the day what's your favorite family game
night game that's the question of day
tonight what's your favorite game to
play like as a family American Girl doll
I like clue what's your favorite game
Wow gymnastics hair hmm what's your
favorite game to play on family game
night
oh one is it Clemmie yeah that was
Caleb's favorite oh my god so don't
forget to tell me on low because we know
the question the day is what is your
favorite family game to play on family
game things I think my grandma gave us
and then we also gave and a little
miniature me so instead of having the
dollhouse set up out here you have one
under there right yeah it's more room
for less room yeah my cousin's right so
today we got bored so we invited a
friend over his name is Nicholas come on
got swag uh he this ground now he's in
the girls
we were playing school and yeah any
unsafe to be a boy so yeah here's way
good okay I'm just gonna turn the camera
off make it funny
Caleb what do you want for breakfast egg
do you believe invite a friend over
through Nicholas do you though yes do
you though see okay
come on Annie blog don't Annie come on
come on
Douglass to you mister necklace okay go
what you're Nicholas I don't know Josh
doesn't do in the movies oh no
thanks for watching
Britt Haley
