look knit not this one the other one
we're not filming over there cuz she's
in a towel gotcha this one wanted a bath
this one wants a bath and I'm gonna help
her wash her hair
oh it's concert day here's the host and
the co-host behind me oh there's a
co-host of course we are okay Haley has
designed her own outfit or picked it out
so she's trying it on can you put that
on let's see the whole bit are you using
one Bret to do simple no you're messing
up on my brushes
Oh Oh what you're not feeling it I'm not
feeling that the shoes with the jacket
because they're different colors okay so
the question is is um what shoes should
she wear my god Ali you're you want to
go see okay you can take them off goofy
all right guys so this is obviously what
we're doing we're getting pretty much
completely ready you will touch up when
we get there and Annie's just in regular
clothes she's gonna change under her
outfit which we completely change we did
not we're not going with that black
pantsuit because she's like you can't
see my legs in this I said it I don't
think I wasn't feeling it the first time
we tried it on we're like okay to Paige
look at me or Piper what about these
shoes guys yes those are way better I
love that that's perfect
yay since that constitutes really I'm
not gonna be filming the whole concert
um subscribe to rock your hair because
Mike is doing a behind-the-scenes and
you know he's so really much better than
I am
so his so really it's fine we're not
scripted guys so like we have to come up
with this on the spot we are live I know
I had to come up with real-life things
to say so
anyways just watch stay tuned for the
behind the scenes because he's gonna do
a better job is what I'm trying to say
okay thanks bye
my voice my voice just cracked they're
getting their stuff done they're giving
hugs hey Michael I love him you're like
hey you can't hear me what's wrong Annie
she is I thought she did look a little
nervous
what are you doing Haley how are you
feeling well I what is your role and I
was like really we were all I know we
were all right are we getting out yeah
we go what did you just do right my
friends
it begins soon
she's so excited y'all oh my gosh put it
right there just put on the ground oh
this is huge Annie are you sure you got
this put it down okay
try some moves
you got it you got it put the pink
carpet all right are we rolling it out
now are you just putting it up all right
let's roll it out
you guys here it goes
now it's official you guys
BAM yeah it'll make oh that's a good
point
look look at all this you guys
behind-the-scenes of how these things
get set up it's a family affair how do
they sound yeah it's just a normal day
and I'm writing a car
on it but daddy's taking care of that
we're back Judy it's really dark as you
can see it's a very dark but I'm going
to show you guys the stage we have
confetti all along the sides of things
and then yeah all on the sides and then
we have this one and then we have this
humongous one and then Annie's rings
behind the scenes and they're decorating
that was the outside
why I am and this is are like her room
we just eat snacks in and we sleep on
and then this is like where the you guys
are probably gonna be sitting on like
not sitting standing on and then this is
the lucky cart that I always love to sit
on you that's very fun
and then there's this thing upstairs
that I don't know and you might be very
special because it's huge and it has
like a lounge area
and we have fair lights for ya that's
the tour yay wait we don't have
batteries in the next one yet I don't
think so y'all set that one up and let's
see how it looks
yeah no look darkening up here
and it doesn't have to be perfect yeah
it just kind of likes it's gonna play
there yeah and then when you all sit
down turn them on let's see how it looks
a little bit yeah I know the lights are
gonna be doing the lights will be off
how are we gonna set it up though how do
you set it up all the little things are
gonna be right so who but I mean when
they bring it out is someone gonna bring
it out like it's the first performance
so we'll have it out before gotcha
gotcha
guys they practice cups the other day is
the four performers and they're like
harmonizing and they did it in like 20
minutes and it's so good and they're
gonna have these lights around them
they're all for gonna be sitting here
and the spotlights gonna come on them do
you love it oh they're like fighting
over here i panned over and they're like
look at this being set up - it's gonna
be amazing man everything that goes into
this is crazy this is the annual offer
coming in merch coming in look at this
real y'all this is the first time that I
believe if I'm not wrong that rocker
hair is gone anywhere except LA right
for a concert they go to like cheer
conventions and stuff like that but here
we go here we go she had a make up
everybody
yeah
how's Shannon going oh sorry cartoons
like come on yeah so are you gonna get
your makeup done Brooke or Ackerson I
bet you me have some somewhere I bet we
can get some oh I don't know if they've
opened them yet but I will do we don't
bring a nice Haley Haley's in her
element bluie oh gosh but don't hurt
Louie please in the fight you got kicked
off already
excuse me do you know who I am the host
wait to see what Louise outfits gonna be
they're about to pick it out I mean when
you're a star like Louie Louie maybe I
can try your options did you want to
wear this hat let's go this way want to
wear the Christmas hat Santa hat Louie
well you know he's got a Christmas like
or what should we wear the collar others
do you think he likes his sweater you
like this jingle bell he's got his ugly
Christmas tree oh that's good
who are you ready for the stage hey guys
are we sure we Shh
we're sound checking that's very
official oh they're checking all the
sound guys they're very professional
here like for real like listen listen No
then they stop monitors are working
sound is being checked all rush we miss
you rush
soundcheck a love and familiar faces pop
up on the screen back there I guess most
of them are familiar but
so cool so Christians sound clapping
meet up going on behind here cruising
along with the day
I don't know who that was
Pandya good she can't hear us
yeah
I tell them to cut it
oh my goodness it is 3:58 Hayley are you
right or you're ready Rep actually if
economy isn't really pump them up in
front of you look like that's nerve
science how you feel betta phone alright
let's go find your phone you guys have
like no time where are you guys going
first
wait I guess it's in the book it's okay
we're not live I forgot it's a surprise
the cup song is a surprise good thing
we're not live
he needs you right here she needs you
guys right here the four of you
now
with me
over time
so pretty of an elevator I'm already
excited
yo I don't think we announced it we're
staying in a hotel tonight because we're
going to LA tomorrow so we're getting on
a plane
2:05 we're gonna be gone before
Haley yo you want to join us that's why
shout out to the person that got us the
llama no quick cuz the battery's about
to die
does somebody have my black backpack oh
the guys bringing the bags up right was
my hope my black backpack was there cuz
I've got to get a battery okay guys it's
got to be quick I hope it didn't cut off
until we get the battery we're so
particular it's cute chatter Brooke
Brooke song we can hear now what you
stole Louise neck less y'all this is so
cute
no no bathtub so that's always a bummer
alright so we are going to order some
room service
annie is going to record a song real
quick it's the cup song that we perform
or they always say we that they perform
she's tired but I think we're gonna
survive it
and we wrapped these two snuggled in the
bed yeah no it's okay you tried I hope
there's pizza in that ready for nests
I'm so hungry
oh it's like this that when I get I know
I love pesto you know me so well you're
so sweet
I'm so hungry okay guys I don't know
what you guys are eating but I'm gonna
eat this you want one we are so tired I
think we're gonna wrap the video up we
had a long long day we're going to basic
question of the day
because Brooke isn't in very many of our
questions of the days so we're gonna
find out a little something about Brooke
what is your favorite topping on a pizza
Brooke okay so I don't know actually I
like veggie pizza a lot okay all right
okay Haley pistol pistol Haley do you
like regular cheese or do you want like
pepperoni what do you want in your on
your pizza
piece okay pesto I didn't eat the pizza
he'll we're starving and if you don't
hurry of an answer this question of the
days I can go eat my food pepperoni and
cheese
hurry : hurry Annie what's your favorite
topping on a pizza were you daydreaming
where were you all right so guys I can
say that I am so proud of all four of
you in this room paid you did awesome
Haley you did great Brooke nailed it
Annie Fantastico we pulled off the first
traveling rock your hair show tour look
at these look at these cool sweatshirts
they Annie Annie I would have worn yours
but they didn't have my size
your sweatshirt I know so I'm rock on
the rock your heroin okay guys
yes we're gonna do that we're gonna
brush our teeth we're gonna go to bed
and you've got to come to the next rock
your hair concert maybe we'll come to
your city hmm you never know okay I love
you guys bye to celebrate
thanks for watching
the tailee
