around me
oh yeah that looks good one day when you
learn how to read
Caleb sighs infant it says infant they
look so good on you
here's a fun fact Caleb's favorite
baseball team is a Tigers we're looking
for a hat just want a state with a
record coming into the store with you
guys makes me realize how little I know
about baseball and football busting I
get it Boston Red Sox sock a red sock
that is thanks period okay give me
another one
Matt put the P Pittsburgh mr. speaker is
that what is that
Phillies all right Billy and where do
you mean we're from Philly
yeah I know where Philadelphia is Oh
Philadelphia Phillies come on give me
another one
Detroit Tigers I don't know with the W
is oh I said something wrong who is it
Wimbledon players Washington Nationals
okay actually the Montreal Expos
did you know that people in Montreal I
expect F of a Tampa Bay I know this cuz
they didn't they go to the Super Bowl
recently come see we're trying out our
new light daddy'll be our model yes it's
plenty of light we can now film anytime
of the day or night
more importantly Wow who's ready to
gotta do just wit your jacket around who
Dre you've got a playlist tri-state all
right let's hit the road
Zack all right ago yeah that's gonna go
that is bright
what doesn't show up on the camera hey
guys we are going to New Jersey to go to
places live drugs I'm in the back here
push me back here like I was nothing
nothing
no this case I already sit back tears
was required back here and
how loud Antion
just wanna tell you guys what's going on
and we'll see you guys play the slide up
in German so we're hearing you're using
their ton of people in this hotel but
let's our view I think that oh yeah look
there's a playlist live sign on that
building that's where that's the
exposition center that will be a
playlist right there I see it under
Meadowlands yeah cool I've never seen
one of those before
whoa what is that
nice bathroom that's the bathroom and
Kayla's already gone in don't open it oh
god it scared me this comes with the
hotel room hi Caleb and a living room
the microwave is dirty I don't know we
need to find them is there a bed in
there yes there any good home sweet home
another hotel
we're in hotel and he was gonna take
away psychosomatic
so the question of the day is what's
your favorite I don't pick my favorite
hotel is the LA one the Embassy Suites
Kayla what we do there hmm
oh that's ridiculous ex my favorite
hotel is the Hyatt Regency for in LA for
VidCon Haley
mine is this one please live in New
Jersey
oh yeah don't forget to come down the
lux few enough questions day and John
muffin potato man um committee who what
is your favorite hotel desert by
tomorrow bye
thanks for watching
Britt Haley
