time for my ue doesn't always from
within the floor we've been to
California we've been in New York and
now we're going to home in Boston
anyways so um yeah it looks such a
liberties of somewhere here there you go
so we're New Yorkers up here up here yes
did you can see this they eat you so
next time we'll go home make our long
trip to it and just relax
yeah yeah there it is gonna relax ky7
get on the camera goodbye New York City
following this creepy Lady Liberty
you're such a creeper who's excited to
see Piper Caleb Caleb be excited to see
that dog who's gonna lick you all over
the face who wants to go to sleep for a
week
daddy's raising is him oh I do like
hey guys guess what we're doing this
week going on another trips to come to
this area for playlist this this week
this weekend II just decided to make a
pit stop and our hard
alright guys that are closed between
their tires are really slow we tied come
here
any terrors something like the shippers
special visits all of that was true
except with the fact that we're getting
our tires change not going to change so
good I said
what's that face and now if you ate a
big spoon
perfect for a big mouth anybody got a
big mouth right here tickle her missus
punishment for sassing your mother not
be around here we don't believe in
beating our kids believin tickle torture
because I was alone with a big mouth
alright fine we believe in beating hold
up oh you know what we do to thieves
oh you're funny don't redo the scene if
you've been pot pies yeah you make me
you're gonna make you eat your peas wait
she likes you you hot yeah let it cool
for a little while
Pele's like mmm you're gonna burn your
mouth yeah
skernac Oh sterna you're gonna mush it
all up push it
is that a word man yes Annie
not far our road trip is almost over
yeah Piper is going to be so excited to
see me
so we have to dougie hotel daddy wanted
to go get Piper and we're all getting
out of the car so she can see a job that
I shouldn't be in the quad it's probably
gonna be very hard to see me really not
you mm okay jacket on could it is cold
out I'm getting out too she's gonna want
to see me we've been through this me not
you
he thought he left her forever he
thought you guys laughter whoo Nene's
life oh he came back for you hey gobo
dangling and guys where we go guys hope
you guys don't have food back there
did you miss her Oh hailey Pandi
my religion we miss you all give him a
hug oh that is those Elise no in my face
knowing my face like a babe yeah we just
have on me we just have that we yeah we
just got back from a very busy week so
if you missed any of our videos go and
see go check them out so you can see
what we did we went to Florida we went
to California River to New York now yeah
we go oh we got Pfeifer a nice firing
diver and now we are eating some dinner
and take it off and take it away thank
you come on tosh perfec chromatic cause
sing it hey what do you say sorry like
yeah hey looks like way ahead and I came
in behind you guys you guys you have to
say even hey hey no for real okay really
really okay hey okay I'm really come on
I think I think you because this is I
made up the song my rules hey hey hey
then go okay hey hey what do you say
time for the question of the day
all right what is the great day of the
day is hi Lou hello my hi boom I figured
that you guys are all gonna have a fit
if I hi Milo is that our trip was done
it ended so you're happy that trips over
but you're sad tonight hi is that her
home Milo is is that we had to get Piper
no just good huh Piper he doesn't mean
it
okay what's your real life Milo is is
that it was a very look all right home
boomer come home for home and we don't
have to take another plane I'm all
planed out until we go back ducks have
fun Lana what is one day I guess we'll
be back okay love mommy hi y'all fight
playlist live is not in California this
new he goes with no before you flirted
tri-state you you in Jersey
really
it is around New York what's your high
and low my high is that we got Piper
back and my old this rainbow is capable
is that what the same with Caleb yeah I
don't remember Caleb bragging is mine
now Mikey are you gonna have more
chicken let's say goodbye though before
you eat more chicken baked potato babe
okay
thanks for watching
Britt Ailey
