time for my tally to the day of
binocular vision
hey little boys and we're giving some
reference and then we head down there
I'm so excited where you expect it's
gonna be like I love your white carpet
okay like suppose and what's your job
and camera doesn't what's your job good
interview yep and then have fun yeah it
could be really cool okay let me see if
I can answer it why is is um let's make
it in trainer on Nickelodeon they
invited her as a performer yeah that's
true here for you all on stage and
singing yeah you know you she's going on
stage and doing gymnastics oh oh she
would do that she wouldn't go on stage
and sing
all right let me talk to the Nickelodeon
people so we can get her up on stage to
do some gymnastics no no she said no
she's a weenie ticklish weenie we have
some excited kids yay we're all dressed
and ready they're gonna go get some
lunch and then on our way to the hey get
in bun
and Caleb's got a tie on because we
Instagram voted and tae won
he's so super excited
that's excited study well when I step
back in this you will be done oh very
nerve oh look much much me step in I'm
here now you're out push her out
you want to ha ha you bet I was going up
those step back in but I did like do
okay she's up my sister Oh Caleb did one
last check in the mirror off to the halo
award
Caleb what goes first I want to do that
too Hey Jessa's and we're messing up our
clothes in our hair but who cares right
huh giggle oh my breakfast all just
can't
do you
organize it'll make me
yeah
I don't know if you guys even hear us
okay so they're about to take a desolate
lunch carpet are you ready yeah all
right get your job get your ready faces
on
let me see you already yeah that's ready
oh yeah
are you happy to be on the orange carpet
who's your favorite daddy
so who's your baby yes I win that's the
best question of the whole thing
can't say too much cuz they have to
locked our video later right so I'm
taking the break is very cold
and we did like 780 i'ma groom I got
four but they're a really good interview
I'm excited
for that
for we are to me
let's just tell him nice - are you gonna
kind of a Suki's Nick Cannon army soon
you'll be
we had a great time at the halo award
fun so so you can see though what you
did at the halo of awards to go and see
that video it will be on our channel the
other video we filmed today will be on
our channel it's everything we did at
the hailer Awards and then everything
that happened that the halo Awards will
be on Nickelodeon like like you know
actually like you know how the camera
like that like close-ups like this
evening and here five honorees and
special guests and all that and you guys
have you guys have-have to you guys have
to check it out because it was so much
fun being there and watching it on stake
people on stage and it will air on
November 30th 7 p.m. 6 central on
Nickelodeon and so yeah what was the
best part of today this I kind of like
the slow-mo boo that was cool I had your
favorite performer I would probably say
it all the more great but my favorite
but probably uh I liked well it depends
see here cuz there are singers and stuff
ok so what do you mean you mean like on
stage what did you enjoy who did you
enjoy seeing most on stage I gotta say
Negi Meghan Trainor
she was most entertaining to you uh was
it all about that bass Caleb I'm pretty
sure it was all about that bass and no
trouble
yeah no trouble so yeah with me we're
done with the day and we order room
service and it's going to be up here and
any
it and it's like it's here and that was
your knocking gala I totally just saw
you oh dear
Mather Julius room Paris people are here
because they should be here though any
minute still had confetti on Annie
Annie's they like confetti and we got in
a lightning bolt let me see it what your
lightning bolt
oh and Haley what did you get my heart
whoo anyway what is your lighting more I
can't
hmm chase your head like you're taking
in money I got lightning bolts let's
start
I got lightning bolts with stack I'm
gonna play a little game ready toss the
ring around Caleb's head ah I miss let
me try again
how's Shane I like ready oh I got that
aim Oh
first try watch three target me close
your eyes here we go uh doing a row can
he make the third not on that little
face over there don't mess up daddy oh
I'll get this wash dry I know you will
oh really no cheating she moved okay
your eyes let's try this time daddy Joe
cheating Oh
actually you're like hi all right um bro
here watch your eyes and lean forward
just a little bit I'll cross the room
Oh how's it feel laughs my hand lean
forward a little bit
I don't want to hit you in the face oh I
think you like it oh you're gonna try to
toss it on Daddy's big head I can do
that
oh I heard a man our room service just
got here so that's a good that means
it's a good time to do question uh and
the question today is what is your
favorite show on Nickelodeon good
question what do you guys think it's
under hunted half boys so I got my
bigger I want to say bossy bossy based
on take baby
thanks for watching
Britt Ailey
