today it is tomorrow I mean I knew it
was tomorrow but you're saying it's
tomorrow like oh my gosh good morning
today we are going I'm going to
rehearsals for the concert and Hayley is
going to her friend's birthday which is
where where is that it is that like a
jump zone place or something yeah okay
so I'm doing my makeup with Paige's
Beauty blenders because it still has
stuff on it do this we I don't think it
looks cute right we've so I'm dumb go
Paige Paige is Beauty Blender and I'm
doing it with it I don't know why the
camera makes me look so much lighter
than my actually Oh like no like serious
yeah like actually ya know button like
in the mirror I look not visiting oh
okay anyways okay wait a minute says you
with your spray tan I said that too
Haley says I was filming I'm sorry okay
haha oh yeah oh yeah she says okay wait
I want to see if this is cool when maybe
it only works in a darkroom
yeah I don't know I saw it on musically
and I want to do it but I'm not sure how
it works you do something with the ring
light how do you turn this thing on
it is I'm like you turn like that and in
the middle of the music when you turn it
like that it's like wait it's like that
and someone's back here and they turn it
again oh sorry
and then it's back and then they turn it
again okay that's pretty much all so I'm
gonna turn that off now hitting myself
in the face oh my god you have one of
these fluffy things she has one of those
like fluffy thing okay well I'm gonna
clean up the mess that I just made up
you just make it done cleaning I was
about to say oh my gosh Paige I had the
same mirror as you
but really it's me yeah no Nate didn't
you ordered it for me
oh you did was like no no like literally
when I got home it's the best mirror
ever so pretty doesn't like it when
you're back here it's just like pretty
it's just like look at it but then when
you're here and it doesn't get dirty
very easily like it's amazing what is on
my face so yeah it's hard with the
discussion what it's hard to figure out
when Annie films and I'm not around like
I don't want to repeat like what she
just said so you guys know that we're at
the studio doing rehearsals and Carson
and Christian and Brooke everybody's
gonna be here and Nikora it's gonna be
here today yeah let's go she here right
now daddy had to take it her car but
Haley's going to a birthday party today
yes you're gonna see Brooke she's here
right now well maybe out right now but
she's getting here at the same time with
us we're like 10 minutes early so
it means it's getting close ah that's
true
it is tomorrow I mean I knew it was
tomorrow but you saying it's tomorrow
like oh my gosh we're about to meet your
biggest fan yeah yeah are we hiding
Paige
this is surprise her name's Alyssa she
didn't like leave the Cory
yes yes and yes
look how committed they are they've been
here I think I hear earlier than us
they've been working
hey Melissa this is Paige they could be
like sisters or something David we were
telling her that y'all hurt they're very
similar look if she's done everything
y'all are so funny except oh yeah hey
sorry Shawn I think Shawn knows of her
height yeah so I think she probably owns
it like yeah you want to mr. gray to do
yes we love the gray room sure handstand
contest Tierney might take the group
award Wow Tierney yes yes that's that's
probably why cuz she's a jet go jets
Haley was a jet front limber
not in a false story let me say that
let's not talk about it what's today
today the second oho that just gave me
like nausea I can't
oh all right
daddy's dragging us all out to go start
rehearsing he's the responsible and he
keeps us on track
speech speech yeah don't you you turned
it down go page practice hosting
Oh
everybody's here now it's a real party
she tried to sale
we are on our way to a birthday party we
are a couple minutes and we were only a
little late no it doesn't start till
1:00 so we're gonna be there right on
time are you excited to see January
again since you haven't seen her since
school
after rehearsal we have to eat actually
it's during rehearsal we'll just we're
just breaking for food yeah feed these
hungry girls and Christian and this is
Trey guys hungry hungry hungry hungry my
babble when I don't know what I want to
say I'm babbling Gary I'm babbling yes
and I got I got nugget I mean I guess I
got napkins so you're gonna eat a salad
in there perfect we're gonna improvise
we're gonna make it work
all right we've stolen stolen Brooke you
stole her stole we stole Brooke we
kidnapped Brooke and Christian and
person and they're in the other car and
they're we're going to SIDS meet we're
probably gonna be a little bit of a
distraction but it'll be fun all right I
think I was so hot in the car Tommy I
know it feels good out here so they
should be here soon we should wait for
them though oh that's nice so we have
fresh air like oh yeah to the front of
the building here this your first
gymnastics meet right Christian have you
been to a gymnastics meet before Carson
have you been to a gymnastics meet
before no all right he's like maybe like
maybe Luke have you been done nothing I
was kidding guys I was kidding
until II see that on the baby huh the
cogs are acting crazy we just got home
and they sorta like jumping on the couch
I'm not really allowed on the couch but
there are violence tonight I think they
are you Winnie
so you need to come to a meet-and-greet
with us so people can be easy hurt so we
do proper out here GG not you no one
said anything about you alright guys we
are home for the night
Syd's it amazing and we are gonna get
some stuff together the carpet the
competition listen to me are you nervous
no
are you nervous Paige are you nervous I
did at least what if I say the wrong
thing no pressure no pressure okay are
you nervous
Danny yeah you are oh no mirror you did
really well in the mirror what you
saying is let Paige say everything like
don't interrupt each other okay are you
nervous
you don't want me to what take over
Haley like I got this no I'm kidding are
you saying look at the light on hearing
me
Osen is just buddy how many pretty
lighting yeah you know like I'm I didn't
yeah yeah I have to go where you go on
page right go up put lighting pretty I
look white white ah you look here she
looked like an angel with the thing are
you excited for the concert Katie wait
do it again she was in the way excited
for the concert Katie guess she's like
comment down below if they're the cutest
thing ever
mom daughter goals we ruined her picture
oh yeah right it was very aggressive
okay
I'm not like them well if Haley would
come over here then I could have all of
you together come on hey we want to see
a pretty face over here let's get this
done why are there always long Paige is
afraid that when she's hosting helping
Haley host that she's gonna not notice a
so she's gonna like give out some you
not know I think they knew I think we
already said that earlier today because
she's gonna hand out candy okay it's
gonna be done by this time okay go wow
okay go
oh we notice today that we all like to
wear black hmm I'm in well I didn't wear
this today but but you're amazi black
again and Billy wasn't black too okay so
you guys it's time for the question of
the day does it pet me when you like
just like just bother me I don't know
like touching me you were just present
with her on the couch all right wow we
are really off track tonight um question
of the day because we had a lot of
singing and dancing this is pages
question of the day if you had a choice
would you rather be a singer or a dancer
so hard because after seeing the dancers
in like moons they're kind of like I
feel like I'd be the coolest person in
the world like a dance like that
they are really good I'm good with
dancer cuz I can't dance fight for my
life so I was old I can't sing or dance
so pick one I feel like I would be I
could learn to dance but what would you
I'd rather dance because I don't singing
I would be way too nervous about I think
I could dance in front of people
easier than singing because I really
can't dance and I really want to learn
how to dance what I really like singing
but I don't know if you could sing like
an angel like you legit I think I gotta
dance
Wow okay you have to say thing she's a
singing family can't wait ok I'm
changing I'm gonna sing wait what was
hey leave answer damn okay I'm gonna say
singing to the nah I think we're just
really impressed by the dancers today
today like I'm Christian and Carson and
Brooke and Annie like brought it like
what they're singing but the dancers
were like ok I started with Christian me
because I have actually haven't heard
Christian seeing very much he's like
really good
Carson's amazing and Brookes amazing and
Annie's amazing but I heard of them all
but Christian I'm giddy and he plays on
the keyword comment down below because
we want to know like a singer dance all
right guys
I apologize everybody remember to
celebrate
thanks for watching
tailee
