today on bikini thank you to the pop
star club for sending us the Beatrix
girls time for me
hello so as you know we are travelling
and hey losing a giggle box today
yeah so we're traveling and we're in LA
Ellen eh yes LA California um and our
mom and dad said they have a surprise
for us and we have a day that we're not
doing anything and they've got is
something that we can do while we're not
doing anything actually we didn't get
you guys these you were sent these in
the mail and we thought it would be a
good idea since our day is free today to
give you some things that you can play
with Sophie little vignette eyes are ya
kidding oh my God look at all the cow on
her hairs can we open up no but they
were just to look at just kidding who
should I open first all over her because
she's my Raven that's nice
Arnel sit right mmm-maybe you tricked
screwed girls braided they'll rock you
your world okay
I'm Brayden lead guitar superstar I
write the songs you sing along wait so
wait didn't I see one with a guitar yeah
there's that one I'm another lark has a
guitar Marge says being a Britain with
Beatrix is being in Britain operating in
Britain's wish Beatrix is bloody
brilliant that's a thing they don't mean
like really bloody hmm there is so I'm
gathering from this vein there you go I
wonder what it's called
let's serve and yeah probably the
Beatrix girl like that I'd have to guess
that the Beatrix girls when you hear the
lead guitar wailing above the Beatrix
girl's vocals that to me Braden and the
leader I write most of the band songs
and I write about me I write about music
fun the world we all live in stuff that
matters to me like my BFS and to the
Beatrix girls being a pop star with your
best friends it's a super coolest thing
in the world my cool cute
miniskirts sky-high heels lots of
jewelry prints and patterns metallics
and leather for owl that always says her
look sounds fun look Guttenberg figure
out let's get a good look at him because
I love her hair like yeah I would
totally do my hair like that I put some
purple in it would you been good yeah
maybe
I think it's cool but I don't know if I
should you yeah let's open them who do
you have Oh Chantal Cooper saying all
these right we'll go done you think they
have something online to look up we talk
about everything's all that's true
mythic figures
Aynsley yeah that's how I would say it
and we have let's not forget this was
this lark over here
this one Aynsley the drama I'm a warm
like moon summer I shine like the Sun
but my runnings like thunder all right
well you guys end box them all I'll look
it up and see if we're saying all these
girls names right
look at her hair
I love these look how long it is oh wow
no feel it if I do Nick she's got a lot
of hair are they all like that oh I love
this one look at her hair what's her
name
braiding this one's Braden she's the
lead singer I'm gonna learn this I don't
know her shoes and she's the drummer and
she is Ainsley yeah I got it let me see
her I get a good look at her I love her
who's your favorite so far that's out
hey Braden or Ainsley what do you think
this one's angling the drummer related
you like Ainsley so far I like Braden
hold them up hailey Ainsley Oh Braden
Angley I love your first point to Ames
let's say your aunt Leigh oh I love my
new purple eyes I know it's really cool
Oh who's this one coming in gentle okay
and what does she do this one she's a
bass guitar she's the key border and in
cheesy bored alert whoa bass guitar bass
guitar wait let's see if actually goes
down no wait I'm sorry come for the
keyboard these two game at the Instagram
I'll see you teeth go down
can I see if you're weird
yep you're weird even got a keyboard
stand
get a good look at her Michael
she's cut ringlets like you hey I told
you Chantal the keyboardist hainsley the
drummer braids in the lead singer
tourist who's the lead singer
no he's your look wait look Thursday
it says it look hey I made an lead
guitar superstar I write the songs you
sing along maybe they all sing yes
collect us all yeah daddy got the last
one open are you ready to complete the
set who is this Clark that's life and
cheese the bass guitar let's go look it
up bun what are you looking up online
video if there's some videos do you
think everything's on online the door
like daddy
whoa they have a YouTube channel but
YouTube he not I won't allow it
so I'm saying what these girls are about
they sing real songs you can buy them on
iTunes one throwing yeah thumbs up they
seem real songs and you goodbye the moon
is like this is for real or for pretend
no refugio facing real songs bad night
okay please hahaha
gotcha well
Oh what ten times the amount of typical
doll hair
see I knew it I knew they had some crazy
beautiful hair that is awesome ten times
look at that
yep I knew it written and produced by a
platinum-selling composer of hits for
Kesha
one direction Ed Warren oh that's cool
yeah she can be on her back just a touch
she's laying on the ground rocking it
all like what he works for me show me on
the couch on you rock it out okay yeah
now Haley you show me all the junk on
you rock it out oh boy we gotta go wow
what about have you ever seen the one
where they drop down their knees and
yeah you'll have to watch some more
videos on YouTube to see if any of these
girls do that
so I'm sitting here I'm stretching
because I haven't been it into
gymnastics and I'm not and they've
mastered rest of the week it's already
sitting here and we're watching the
Beatrix girls YouTube channel sounds
super that's super
hey take that you can't that's better
I'll go get some hot chocolate and
cookies oh I'm glad you guys are having
fun I'm gonna we're leaving in a little
while to get meet up with kittiesmama
but you guys enjoy
hey guys well now I am
I already finished playing well I'm not
done but I braided her hair so this is
just a regular braid here's a fish -
look how big it is and I'm moving here
the timing fish days ahead endeavours to
send about a cookie like a little beach
mr. sir
oh my gosh Annie you can work out here
oh there's green you can go swing on the
Rings yeah they're swinging sir sweating
the work out miss me yeah
you
you
Oh
you
Oh
you
you
you
you do a roundoff back handspring here
just got washed away
on their devices like they're affecting
each other
that's kind of some fancy art from hi
you to push what's going on but a toe
who Haley how do you feel potatoes smell
potato without a J yeah yeah it was a
very good joke because she doesn't harsh
my potatoes but she can sing it she
could sing the baby
about you guys
let's go back to the hotel you had a
long day
now we are here LA California or Los
Angeles California or California or LA
or just go for it so now we are just
gonna pull it or it'd be really sleepy -
I'm gonna go to bed
we had to do the Christian thing which
is what is your favorite Beatrix girl
doll
mine is Graydon so I could Queen Ainsley
and Braden she's a time
time
so I think Braden because I like we were
watching her YouTube channel um how she
dressed up and like like her fashion
I like John Tommy
two more
so mark is the bass guitar and she used
the keyboard player
so calm down looks weird another
question the day is what is your
favorite Beatrix
girl doll always
strange
