time for hey hey we're going on a plane
to Florida and dancing our job Piper off
at the top pipe our doggie hotel and I'm
just gonna eat a core family look at it
hey pipe be ready to go to your doggy oh
just look at her perched up there huh
brownie is in no way a what I'm pretty
soon Florida is it because we're going
it to Disney rolling filming a secret
video Disney well right wait no twirl we
got this guy's we will figure this out
one to world world is a world and plan
sorry guys
thank you blame them no I Piper and
looking at the wind nice fiber asleep
right we can't tell you really anything
about the video that we're gonna shoot
because it's secret anything zingaran to
our secrets
nope so we can't tell you but bad
they'll find out right now find out when
the time is right
yeah when the time is right when will
the time be right Caleb no I'm not like
dad that's my next egg no the next day
no actually I don't even remotely when
we can tell everybody we haven't been
told
didn't sy I know I have 40 years after
her daddy cats Anthony me that's right
you got it
then he can tell us all his Navy secret
vielen happening baby secrets that's the
secret they lay around at the job using
toner they lay around he was a man and
then what are we doing then where we're
gonna be so tired and charged thanks
awaited I lays another secret video that
we can't tell anybody about but hahaha
tell everybody why we're gonna be in New
York because we are going to the halo
boys already there singing halo no kale
we're just going to say a little word
doing some orange carpet interviews do
you guys know what the halo awards are
for yeah exactly boy they are going to
honor five kids five kids teenagers I
take our office teenagers um who do good
um things for the community they're
awarding them a halo award something
like a concert and it's gonna air on the
30th yeah November 30th on Nickelodeon
he asked in the world
you don't
love in a classroom Chancellor that Lisa
is in the rubberband where are you going
ah are you excited are we gonna see oh
my goodness we're on our way
oh we forgot our Mickey ears were for
sure gonna have to buy some new Mickey
ears
Hayley forgot our Mickey ears push down
please okay thank you
which one's it gonna be everybody
goodbye their elevator they choose
Hayley and I choose this one
Oh daddy's coming making a simple daddy
oh I can hear it this one yeah that one
lights up we win and they're the losers
over there see the losers yes we win
Hayley
worried at the airport our flies in like
uh now or in what a minute
I got that
oh no no I don't know it didn't go see
the movie there's a secret part to the
movie look it's a good handshake cut big
you're sick he's still fist bump and
you're just good what do you want full -
yeah mini died just killed my god oh
you're so funny
our dad and Annie went to go get snacks
since a nice and snacks snacks no no I'm
saying this Annie and snags or snacky
snack a delicious nothing and Annie and
she let you talk
but you just go up there and tell her to
be quiet you treat it from a video over
here they're just um taco and and he
barely over there and in the zone
pneumonia cuz he will survive
yeah it's like pop rocks on one camera
I'm not the paparazzi hey you guys ready
to go do not get off teleportation
listen to the cam and say if you've
created a to importation machine send us
one
about time travel
it's um it's time for time travel with a
stain will ever be and invented then we
wouldn't have someone gone in the time
machine you came back
my theory is that we'll never have time
countable because if we had time travel
we'd already now
felt like that look let's change it free
let's change to we would go back and
tell ourselves in the past so we would
already know right now we have a media
right so it can't be made good because
we can't be made ever because if they
don't get in the future we would argue
my now they didn't they just wanted to
keep it depends oh yeah anybody kind of
came back three fingers hold the garment
past this silk didn't remember they're
feeling that the time-travel is true or
maybe he was just freaked
very one he made such a good point
I'll reject your reality and substitute
my own
I just hope I don't drop my slide
we've got a system going daddy and Caleb
get the bags off the belt Hayley runs
and brings us the bags over and a nice
it's here that the system we've got
going on yeah
nice shot good job Thanks let's go to
the hotel could it's 11 o'clock at night
and we got to get that one to bed oh
it's dark in here let's get some light
Tom this is my room over here
no not are the same it's bigger
oh no it's not see me through the hotel
room is midnight so we're just gonna go
ahead and log off and say good night
since we gotta get to sleep and we can't
wait for the secret video then we're
gonna spoon and yeah you guys ready okay
yes not and so anybody see you guys
tomorrow
hi babe oh babe I
thanks for watching
Britt Ailey
