hi for me hey guys I found this really
cool game called star stable and it's
where you have to take care and ride
around a horse and Annie really loves
horses
sigh I knew that she would love this
Freddie Annie why great so yeah and then
when you know then when you're running
like that you can press s to slowly slot
down slow down like this or when you're
doing it you can just press X it'll go
to a complete stop press Y X and it was
complete stopping hands
I don't know me yep I know it I know any
would like this yep ties my name hey you
know you're never getting Annie off this
computer now right
thirty minutes later I told you I knew
it so I'm gonna saving to get the fame I
made my way to the stables and stuff
anything like it food and get some stuff
with your horses like you're gonna be
the horse yeah take care of it huh
that's harsh
what yes you don't want you want to take
care of the horse so if you love horses
like I love horses I think you should
hit this game and my dad will put the
description to how to the description in
the description vision a lily in the
description for the game downloading how
to download the game I'm here what's
this let's see I use this let's go over
here alright why are they moving that's
the horse speedo fasces going both cool
Oh how'd you do it
I know there's a button here and you can
how you get back on you just push this
out I look and you get a button right
here this is out horse and you can mount
the horse - I must have missed that do
it again
oh cool one more time just for fun you
do this for fun oh that is neat you just
do it by clicking yep so I'm at a shop
and that's to this day
so looks like there's shirts for the
people yeah some online star but shirts
what's this the mask oh this is cool to
you because you can just kind of walk
through the beautiful land of Jorvik
exit how you guys are going to be
staying there which way am I going ready
let's go right right let's see if
there's a shop oh hello
horsey let's go right right
good job think I'm getting a hang of
this game
the got anything McCartney the bowling
of this gaming Butler what are those two
names I would name my horse
what if this games hell a healthy group
well don't tell me yet because I think
that would be a perfect question of the
day if you had a voice maneet no don't
if you were playing this game what would
you name it horse hmm
hey no don't answer and tell the end of
the day thank you
no you can tell us too right it is time
for the question of the day and why
should of the day is from this game boy
from this game what would you name your
horse I would name my knee the two
things snowflake or lucky true some
cinnamon some Matos no such cynicism
ogre cinnamon or lucky no I will make
homes I mean I will name mine of South
maniac or campers more than cinema
crunch toast sandwich okay so now that
we got that who way come down below cuz
we want to know the question of the day
is from this game if you name none it
ended up it up notice any what would you
name your horse
Oh bye see you tomorrow see you tomorrow
bye
Bay Bay
thanks for watching
bratayley
