today I'm Batali yeah hi you trying to
look at a muscle I'm trying to seem like
a dog chasing her say we're going to
Disney World this weekend and I'm
helping mom pack so we have lots of
laundry to do yep all right huh I gotta
fold all that that doesn't help
yeah tell her now yeah cuz we're
standing on all the clean laundry yep
whoa look at her knees and there's
leaves all over cuz it's fall there's a
dinosaur out there exploring oh yeah
tough Piper took a dinosaur outside cuz
she saw that she was lonely dinosaur and
a glove yeah yep and a piper with a bone
in her mouth still Piper what you doing
yeah what you doing here jack so I'm
super excited to go to Disney World and
see Mickey Mouse oh oh oh wait alright
what it hallee fine oh you got your
Mickey ears oh I cannot wait to go that
way I guess ate some lunch or a snack no
it was lunch I don't know why it was
lunch
because it was a full meal you had fruit
and you had a sandwich
that's that's lunch that's not a snack
but I was very proud of Haley because
she gathered all of her lunch up to her
by her sup right and now we're ready to
pack yeah we leave tomorrow oh my god
why are you repeating me so we're going
on the plane
getting my iPad 1e and get the moved on
like integrity here fiber what are you
doing Oh Mickey - Pluto you're the one
who knocks all the pillows off of
Haley's bed and all the stuffed animals
all the times when I say Haley go clean
your room I should be saying Piper go
clean Haley's room mm-hmm
except I don't think she's the one
responsible for the dirty clothes on the
floor well hey hey away
she doesn't wear your clothes um she may
knock your pillows on the ground like
she just did so what do you need on here
let's do a little game of what's on my
iPad hmm what kind of stuff do you have
on here what's your favorite thing say
we've got dumb ways to die Disney jr.
like Minecraft subway surfers Osmo he
and what movies do you have let's go
look at that Lane Lizzy cuz we've got to
get you ready to give you something to
do while we fly to Florida now we better
hurry up because you guys have got
doctor's appointments because remember
last week we went to the doctor
well they didn't do the paperwork right
are you listening to me they didn't do
the paperwork right last week when we
went to the doctor did you know that so
now we have to go back to the doctor
again yes you a DA got no you're
up-to-date on your shots
everybody's up-to-date now you've got
we've got all these movies but they're
not all kid movies yet for the ones you
have on you you have Willy Wonka where
you want
I have Wizard of Oz yeah Boz what else
you have the frozen yeah that's all the
ones you have you want to take any off
and add any or do you want to keep this
I'm gonna take a knee take a laugh
I can't do the ones that are not your
age you could do Mary Poppins you could
do Despicable Me you speckle mean it not
smoking on me it's despicable me not
despicable moline
all right I think evoke you broke them
no well guess what why we could get new
ones at Disneyworld are you gonna get
some fancy ears or some plain ones like
that
fancy I mean dude are you fancy are you
playing Dan TR Blaine I'm more playing
than fancy Andy dance so we're eating um
in the car because we have to go pick up
Annie and I just finished school and we
don't want to be late because then that
would bad bad back back back
I'm sorry I burned him a little bit look
at the pizza rolls I like all popped
open cooked them too long
yeah so is that the whole game plan
today I'm hacking I got to continue to
pack for Disney well you always better
when you sing it is it mmm try it
say Disneyworld and the thing Disney
World and see if you feel better it is
in the world
nowwhere how did you feel better
come on yeah baby yeah I know totally
and how I made it here on time I was
close
yeah one please dude right in right on
up here I just came from gymnastic yeah
we were just really wait what am I
really late just not right at the time
that we got out so yeah we had a rush
here I just got their height say and
Haley is Haley you are 44 inches tall
and Annie is 53 like nine inches right
we just had all this done put the
paperwork on the stuff so we're here
again boo boo I don't throw up a lot
what is it
I know my look are you trying to steal
their hands I already have a little
throw up so was the alarm go off just
kidding
she always wanted to get me a thumbnail
I don't think I've used any of them
recently the ones you tried to get me to
use oh we could do crying at the doctor
okay perfect
okay quick stealing in pans gonna divert
dr. hill oh gosh oh look at those
muscles he pops it embarrasses her show
us your muscle Bailey shows your back
muscles lose your eyesight your back
muscle
you're like a rip what a half way you
gonna have black with the arms stopping
I'm doctor hanging high we've drained
look at the muscle I'm trying to sing
make a dog chasing birthday is my son's
honor our doctor here oh I came here
will you pay will be illegal to loving
you guys are entirely too loud so why do
the doctors I hope not underage stuff
we're all home and we're all eating and
my dad surprises that we're going to go
watch a movie big hero 6 I'm gonna stay
here and get some editing done and have
some time to yourself but um daddy's not
going to bring the three kids free are
you sure that your daddy knows how to
take you guys anywhere about himself
yeah well then you guys have to do a
question of the day before you go
so let's would you rather be a frog or a
toad a toad
yeah what's the difference do it as well
and big and bumpy and whores and you
cannot go in your pajamas and you cannot
go on a leotard okay you can go on uh
you can't go out here Leah won't give it
or anything pajamas on and go to the
movies oh my gosh wait do a flip off the
diving board or the balance beam balance
beam Bausman Caleb oh yeah who did it
would you rather okay here's a question
a would you rather do a flip off the
balance beam or off the diving board so
we're so excited to go see big hero six
and now it's your turn to answer
question today which is do a flip off
the diving board or the bow who is
excited about getting deep butter on
their popcorn hey I'm all excited no no
I'm more excited butter on our popcorn
butter on our popcorn
he excited how long have you guys been
waiting for this movie to come out six
minutes
what yeah yeah open it
that's a trick huh girl are you excited
about baking or six or a buttery popcorn
hey thanks for watching
Britt Ailey
