time for what can you eat well today is
a very nervous plus excited Dan and just
day so it's a lot of stuff on this day
because it's my very first meet of the
season baby name for that very beautiful
and I hurt my foot about a week ago
that is still limping about four days
ago
and I'm going to I'm least going to
compete three out of four events so I
went to practice yesterday and I was
tumbling so I might be able to cook you
come caked Lord yeah so right now we are
switching I came back into my
competition bag because we're gonna have
to get my tricks and tapes and stuff I
think'll will be taped it's going to
take the ball weak but I'm going to use
plain town because all week it's our
because all this guy was in like
colorful tape so and I can't get at the
meat so can I open so I really want it
because I've already stuck my fingers in
it sure so this is my first level side
of meat my very first one of the season
so where should my tape go I think
you're screaming easy spot because I'm
going to need it so maybe it should be
next one
so my competition bag is done um and I'm
really excited because I'm getting a new
leo
that I couldn't show you guys and I'm
really excited to show you guys because
I couldn't show anyone until the meet my
first meet
so now I get to undo run round I think
it's on the belt I'm feel it so I'm done
with my competition bag with all my
stuff in it and I'm pretty sure I got
all of my
- and I'm sorry I keep saying and so
it's just a beautiful day today um we're
going to will mommy fix some lunch
macaroni and cheese and Kingdom and
jellies we're doing I'm like teaching
her how to tie your shoe hey I have an
easier way for this to stay tight so
instead of just wrapping it once you're
gonna wrap it twice so it's gonna look
like that and then it stays tight okay
slice and loop good loop round get it
through that hole the hardest part make
sure you you had a good loop don't give
up homos
most oh that's so close I think you went
through the wrong hole that was close
don't make it or not alright so you're
using Annie's trick to where she showed
you 89 it's a not let me see oh it is a
not in it
I'll have to put the camera down to get
it out why do you work on this one
Annie's trick does make that easier and
then go around again and then go around
again put it right through there again
yep now pull tight pull a now you make
your loop you can do whichever loop is
easier for your little hand but stay
really close low down good now push it
through this loop push it through there
up through here at through here mm-hmm
there it is yep but see that we just get
that we got that too short I've had it
that was it though it was just too loose
give me five you keep working on it
lunch is almost ready all right she just
did it might need to make a smaller loop
you make a smaller one okay good
I got where'd it go it goes right in
there yep yes pull towards you hope you
let it go start over if you need to I
think you got to start over you lost the
loop okay start over you just start from
here you don't the start with excess
pull really tight
pull both ends oh yeah exact quote
really tight okay I'll make a little bit
enough loop yeah well smaller because
you want as much on this tail as you can
you want a lot of tail okay so pick it
up here and make a loop yeah that
push it through here out through here
yeah yep then pull tight towards you
after you get both your loops towards
you you're dead at all right so now you
have to stop when your shoe comes untied
as a stop and tie it every time it's
untied and that's how you get good now
you can eat lunch and Hailey think she's
going to the meat now and we still have
two hours actually you're coming to the
meat with Daddy
so you've got like a lot of our one here
okay ah excited yeah I see it I do want
to see it I've seen it in like a month
oh I don't know if it shows up well on
the camera but it's coral ice and Kim
yeah it's coral I'm that cool yeah
already pretty pretty pretty pretty
pretty pretty buddy all right you ready
put it on my go downstairs and get your
pants hey your jackets in there you put
it on I'll be back then we got to do
your hair and your makeup and your nails
makeup I'm just kidding
oh cool did you see that
we're here at all I'm going in going to
eat with the team and I am already four
nine meat and getting more nervous and
nervous and nervous and nervous and
nervous hmm
come on eat and here's my meat hair so
do did you get what are you most nervous
about Dean what are you least nervous
about floor lore even though you haven't
tumbled very much lately what are you
most excited about your mellow
all right well so which ones are you
nervous about for you yeah beam I don't
like watching beam I can watch
everything else oh there's some your
team well no one else hi hi hi hi I
can't hear you it's Katie I know I don't
know if you can hear me and he's running
up vault
you guys well I just had my first
meeting NASA added awesome I scored
fourth place out of my age group for all
around I got a second up board
six in
therefore they think I don't remember
you didn't place on all I know
okay so you said are you I think for all
around
gotcha to three ever job so now I did my
hair done I have major headaches
what you do tight so yeah I can't really
do it while I'm filming but we are
heading home
and it's like 8:30 at night but I'm kind
of excited because I thought our awards
is getting last election yeah I'm glad
to be on our way home this early
say yeah I jumping today are you still
recording ok I just want to say that I
am proud of Annie because she was
injured on Monday and Tuesday still
limping we didn't even think you're
going to compete and you had an amazing
week you know Falls nipple no balls
solid meat okay I just wanted to say
that for the world to hear okay okay
okay oh really sure you don't like that
hairdo I want to do something else
what do you want what do you say
old school level Tuesda linear level 2
and level 3 bad hairdo
we've had a long day needs I really
dreaming but we're here with the
question of the day which is mommy okay
this or that would you or would you
rather I can say would you rather would
you rather lick an everlasting ice-cream
cone or drink a bottomless milkshake an
ever and what's a lot of milk ever never
runs out lasting ice and everlasting ice
cream room or a bottom with milk shake a
bottoms barn everlasting ice cream cone
a cone just to come mmm ice cream Annika
nice being that we're isn't saying
wizards at what is this one so yeah
don't forget to calm down look do you
want to know the question of the day
lick lick in everlasting ice cream cone
or drink bottle a bottomless milkshake
by sea tomorrow ah good night Caleb
sleep tight here's I Lee mm-hm
and here's the cow pleasure this is
really oh my bad Kiki here's a dinosaur
yeah Shen oh should put your pants
on you weird panda hahaha snap go free
on the face he that what's up face
before faced you shower now know when
you gonna do the question of the day
before you shower because once you
shower I know you're going to place all
messing up my
stupid
alright go move it move it or lose it
hey you go down go to bed oh you don't
have a job on either you need a shower
too baby
thanks for watching
Britt Ailey
