today um Bailey is it hard to sing good
morning my friends today's a better day
because we're not doing math today well
she is gonna do are gonna do flashcards
multiplication flashcard after you do
mold okay I know this is crazy that
Haley's saying I want to see you in my
room
you can yeah you could do cool school
clean your room then flashcards yay yeah
okay thank you or somebody coming up the
stairs daddy
cuz he's loud hey hey literally five
minutes she took a bath and all that
person and how old you got two hours and
55 minutes left
cuz you do school for three hours and
you've been doing it for five no no no
no seriously if you've done five minutes
trouble Haley okay now you have five
hours or five hours
No answer my question if you had if
you've been doing it for five minutes
you have three hours for how long you
have left you don't know them the
answers gonna be five hours I just said
it haha maybe be math yeah you're like I
was told there'd be no math sign up for
this cuz I was shopping for things in
there
we got a catalog
I even because you buy a Louie Oh purse
or bag or two and they send you stickers
Annie says this is relaxing when you're
doing school apparently the sounds of
our voice is not relaxing for Annie
because she's upstairs doing cool yeah
what's the cool trick
Leona smell that one everybody on the
Internet's already seeing this how we're
gonna do I'm gonna relight the scandal
without ever actually touching the wick
about the fire okay I don't know if I
was close enough but I was cool do it
again I didn't know what to expect I
have seen this but forgotten oh I am
yeah only if we can explain it then I
would be a great science teacher here we
go that's why he does science and I do
English and a candle and when it comes
out from the wick that it's theirs
that's not just smoke it's smoking wax
so the wax catches on fire and goes down
the smoosh stream but let's talk about
the important things
oh how good that candle smells and how
much now how much I want Christmas
cookies and how now we've made early
math and science she was only doing
language today actually you were you are
gonna do more than language song look
who just came up the stairs oh I didn't
even know the bunny was still out you're
born a bunny boy if the bunny fits right
in
hold on we're getting cute vlog footage
of that honey it's like a dog
no no just no tell him no I know he
looks weird you don't even recognize it
was like a stranger nope the bunny was
out earlier this morning and I thought
that daddy locked her back up but I
guess she wasn't yeah she just came up
the stairs um excuse me excuse me excuse
me excuse me
that's Winnie I'm gonna tickle you back
there why's the ladder still out oh I
know because we haven't put up the other
Christmas tree yet live
why that's enough
no please no please no please
mommy please covering up the camera is
not gonna help I don't know what will
help finish her you're weird
see okay weird
I just ran downstairs
to order some food from Jimmy J but I
have been doing school all morning and
I've done like four days worth of it I'm
not done yet because I'm still not
caught up do we do our deck so it's
gonna be like really loud which I don't
like when I'm doing school but so
backward but that's okay so pretty much
I got a bully journal and I've got my
regular book in my computer and I'm done
with math for this day so I'm gonna go
to science their lips are so chapped I
hate this weather oh my I just do both
of these years cause I'm not talking
about but I've been doing school for so
long like I woke up around ten would
just stop just stop it there and I've
been doing school like I didn't eat
breakfast I came in went to my mom's
room my showers like five minutes came
up here and I've been doing school like
straight like not know stuff I haven't
talked since like four hours ago and the
only I talk like every five seconds so
that's what we're doing what that's what
I'm doing hey was done school down the
stairs but she's gonna do me because
she's not behind and I am Oh uh-huh
got it okay what is I'm doing actually
pretty well so far
um this might be a little difficult it
could be any of these I don't even know
what those say so I'm just gonna go with
gorillas oh yeah I learned about that
that's my notes okay well I'm gonna
finish this I'll tell you what I got
right after so one two three
well it's blurry but you guys y'all I
got 100 I'll show you all the things
that I got right and there's more
hundred out of a hundred and
10 minutes 16 seconds wow I didn't know
it's gonna get all those but then I was
like I'm gonna feel this and I was like
oh look I got a 100 so let me check that
off I've got a 40 question quick quiz
doesn't say quiz or dent but I think
it's a test because I can quizzes be
that long it's kind of confusing I don't
want to I'll take a break and then do
that no I'm gonna good history oh and I
really want to get like probably not
here maybe in like the LA apartment I
want to get fairy lights to hang around
the room cuz I feel I could be really
pretty
Oh meal cookie thing over there but I
stopped it because I was doing a lesson
that um I was doing a lesson that was
talking so I couldn't even hear it
crackling so it was like I'm just gonna
not what what food okay let me do one
more thing okay guys it's surprise time
again I'm at the airport picking up page
once again the girls have no idea this
time
and I told her I was at the store so
then picking Paige up and we will see
how this goes see how surprised they are
I'll probably get in trouble because
she's probably texting me like why are
you taking so long at the store
go to 14 so this time Katie doesn't even
know she knows you're coming
she doesn't know what day and I told her
I was going to the store but she knew
you were coming for the content so why
aren't you upstairs practicing singing
okay I thought you took that from them
that's how much they loved it
freedom are you doing is that what
you're wearing
yeah phew practicing singing in it
is it hard to you I didn't know I didn't
click I knew she would probably come I
meant to ask you this morning wind was
Paige coming I knew Paige was coming he
just would never tell me what day he's
like either today or do you know I asked
him earlier I'm like Paige may be coming
today on my head I'm like sure we may
rethink it we made ditch that whole
outfit just to Jean
put the tag on the grocery store I'm
like please give me some drink fine ok
you guys ready something came in the
mail
there's another one to each can have one
yeah we'll have to model them later
design it Annie not me I'm not entice
your actual signature or you know so
that's a good idea yeah we had to get
them quick
so Russell I music yeah yeah this is
just the stuff there's more stuff online
so if you guys aren't going to concert
you can go on like it's online now the
sweat pants yeah there's teams and
others what pants aren't on on yet but
yeah ok but if you're not coming to
concert you guys can there's new Annie's
new stuff you're just coming here he's
come on the little things like things
the thing that says hey we will Blanc on
it what thing and has a background like
a banner yeah it's just like she's like
broke she's wears cute stuff just around
the mouth yeah she's like all dressed up
oh yeah yeah see the three of you guys
together again I don't know
you know it okay okay I'm here so she's
gonna need my camera more good I'll be
owning it okay you always have to put it
on it always looks better on I love it
why are you not wearing one let's go
take the picture page where's yours what
size do the bolt small and this Haley is
it you take a medium must yeah y'all go
take pictures oh I'll take them for you
see anything to get out of cleaning I
told them that we are gonna clean up
we're listening to Christmas music but
we had to pause it so we're gonna take
pictures clean and listen to Christmas
music that's what we're doing right now
do you need one is it too small the
biggest one we got sent
yeah they have bigger sizes online not
it that's could you have a bigger shirt
on underneath like a bag it looks so
good it looks better on Paige I'm
kidding but look how excited she was
what was I gonna say no
all right my friends
yeah what are you doing you wouldn't
film it it's never good let's stop and
take a moment look how cute you look so
cute oh my god do you feel better oh
yeah you just fell refreshed where are
you wait come here we got to do this all
right so we're chained and he's changing
because oh look when I'm dancing behind
the camera oh yeah can't normally see me
I do this a lot but you can't see me in
the man I'm gonna do it ready and he's
changing cuz we're getting ready to go
to dinner Christian and his dad
Christian is performing in the show with
us on Sunday too and they are getting
into town they're the first ones okay
yeah they're getting in a town before
but I think everybody else gets in
pretty late
he's they get in there on there they're
gonna be here in like 10 minutes or so
and yeah they feel a little after 6:00
so we're gonna go oh and I have to post
you guys it's six o'clock big huge
announcements Annie's going on tour some
of the tours with Jacob right right well
they're gonna know online I'm about to
post I'm supposed to post a right
in the moment that she thought of it but
I remembered that I have to post Annie
you got a post you want me to do it we
have a discussion of she doesn't like me
to post without her permission but I
have to but but she but she has to get
my permission to so when she posed yes I
have to make sure that what she does but
I got a post now so Annie's doing seven
dates seven six oh one
all right seven days um
description sir tour tickets jacobs
retirees calm and check out some of the
dates at Annie's gonna go I can name
them watch this
Billy Pittsburgh Toronto yeah okay then
we take a little break cuz we got some
gymnastics meets well we have a
dramatics meet before that we're going
to Salt Lake City
those are the city's Annie it's gonna be
yeah Annie how excited are you are you
nervous at all
no no so get some tickets guys we've
never been to some of these cities she's
doing the meetups - all right I got a
post so we got to stop Christian is
gonna be here in a second and we're
gonna go to dinner but hosting on Sunday
with Nicole I've got it typed up and I
have invited your why do you read that
and tell me if that is what you would
say and if that's appropriate not like
like that is inappropriate but you know
Annie's particular about yes this is how
we work I want to either like actually
you make like pushing my up like this
mean oh hey is it ready to post okay
here we go guys
we're telling the world we're telling
the world okay first it okay hurry they
were supposed to post seven minutes ago
thumbs up this video of you miss page I
don't know no you shouldn't try to be
the first comment because that would
have been proof if you were the first
one now yes everybody said it because it
you don't know there's no proof who the
first one h-line said that would I beat
you then so maybe I don't know all right
well now I'm you need to post on instant
ory - oh hey Annie laughs like page the
other day but Andy's got this belly
laugh like
great how are you guys doing I gotta
grab me any shoes and I'll be right now
guys parking lot we don't go out much on
Friday night so we just showed up here
and there's this long line we can see it
and no parking spots so mean all right
we took two different cars because
there's too many of us so daddy's
talking Christian's dad's Bureau
Christian's dad's Iran yeah okay girls
hello y'all you've been in the car yo
you're part of this vlog are you part of
our pay I'm Spencer just found out we're
going to on tour with wee wee I'm like
like I'm part of the tour that Annie's
going on tour and she loves Jacob hello
one of our stops is Toronto but she's
like Jacob sir choice is my husband and
I'm like I thought Shawn Mendes was your
husband she's like okay I've got
multiple I love you Spencer when your
parent doesn't buy you food that's
amazing
what you do people believe the guy watch
the random guy maybe he doesn't realize
I'm the mom I don't know we're blog
income I mean we're vlogging by okay
that was hers okay now it is time for
the question of the day is oh wait each
one actually playing what is it what is
it guys let's and the question of the
day is what's your favorite dreaming my
favorite walk my favorite drink is water
okay so our favorite drink is water
it's like though I feel like it tastes
the best here here's the thing I like
coke and water very different I look she
likes getting what she likes getting
water and then drinking my mom cook okay
I want to be more specific with the
water I like water with cumin or lemon
I'm like I like water with strawberries
or cucumbers but definitely Fiji water
I'm a more smart water smart water it's
great I'll drink it oh oh like anyway
that was mine oh she just is eating all
myself okay well I'm gonna go eat
bye guys
always remember to celebrate thanks for
watching Vitaly
