time for my ue wednesdays our favorite
weekend no not weaken the Wednesday's
our favorite day of the school week
because we could sleep in so it's ten
o'clock so we're having a very late
breakfast but not asleep in for a while
then we have to start at school then he
needs to go to Nassau High School
yeah Annie actually got up at a earlier
time than all of you guys great job and
ect really that's like the time same
time you always get up so yard eat
breakfast or do me to fix you something
I would eat and this is why I like her
more than you guys and this is why I'm
just joking but what do you guys can
start feeding yourselves breakfast lunch
and dinner
I mean I don't remember reading anywhere
in the book that I had to feed you guys
three times a day
that's silliness you have to eat three
times a day I the feed you three times a
day each yeah it's time to grow up and
spread your wings Haley Nick your
section old okay Kayla I don't know
being have you seen Caleb inhale he
flaps his arms like never really think
he's capable with six items best bad
night we do you realize are you capable
of making himself breakfast yeah are you
capable of making yourself breakfast too
oh all this on your - hmm who's excited
to have evil
a candy you never tried your Halloween
costume on don't cry to me when I love a
bit and then Democrat me when you don't
get into candy yeah thank you from new
if you say they ought to hear from you
know well well I'll be K along and I'll
go that's your impression of Caleb yes
Dean I have a new camera yes what's your
impression what's your impression of
Annie I'm going to walk right to your
boot up what's your impression of Annie
I'm in the budget of hey why you guys
always like sit still when you're
impersonating yourselves she's coffee me
what's your impression of Annie
mmm I'm good for them you can't even
think of anything
probably this truth
I think it's funny okay you're gonna
give one back for him yeah judge freshen
up pick your tongue out yeah I needed
that laugh this morning
and you just don't actually I do another
practice in an F a drink
mm happy to make it's a good day so we
just drilling me got or angel cookie
country from our daddy's Poppa I know
every year they send us something for
Halloween and out which is cooked bad
stuff the switch cook some good cookies
yeah for you the way yeah you want the
ribbon and Hayley another cauldron is
not nice to say about your sister she
call you're calling your sister a widow
hey mama you need your cauldron yeah
super not broken there's a few that are
broken but guess what they all taste the
same
yeah my god
what are they pumpkins huh are they
delicious cuz I love carrot Oh yummy
Halloween carrots so thank you daddy and
papa
and now I gotta go do my exercises for
domestic thank you then girl like Night
Watch okay
jumping on the trampoline was the same
getting any better
yesterday you couldn't even go yeah okay
they that's progress and are you
finished with your classes yeah not you
you you're all you're done yep yeah
didn't think so
how many more after snack you do your
school you've got to learn to get smart
we had to fill this brain with smartness
cookie hello she already did that she's
full of cookies in there is there any
smartness in there yeah what's 2+2 quick
what's five plus five and what's one
plus one two what is 3 plus 2 33 5 wow
you're fast
you do subtraction - yeah you can't take
away hey what 10 minus 10
you can't kid away yeah how many you
have left I know but you have 10 cookies
and you eat 10 cookies how many do you
have left
piggy no because 10 plus 10 it goes
Johnny right but you're subtracting what
is 10 minus 10 you have 10 cookies and
you eat all 10 of them how many do you
have left
nah so it's zero very good what if you
have 10 cookies and you eat one cookie
okay you Hey yes that's the fraction
dancing something backwards you have
five pairs and five pairs of what you
just pairs like hey pairs like the fruit
oh so you you you're vipers you know
you're five years this hand you put two
pairs in his head how many more how many
pairs do you left and what hand you just
ruined it it's not for you answer you
answer when I said what's 2+2 4 the
viewers need subscribers out here I
think we've already done this one but
for the new subscribers on ok so there
are 10 5 push in one fix the one it's
there 5 fish ok I want to go fishing
so they give their supplies and then
kiss their wives goodbye so they draw
they go on the ship and their boat tips
over but not a single
got away hi I know I yeah so our viewers
have to get it's a riddle I love that
Facebook practice and so he's gonna be
there turtle you wait rania oh my gosh
you forgetting master they got the the
turtle strips yeah so was it the turtle
burger she can stir it yeah turtle
strips oh it's green turtle everything
they serve there is trouble
so what last time when I was four up so
when I was two I we went to UM this and
since I thought that we ate Turtles
there yeah when it was for me normal
stuff oh no you still eat turtles there
what do you think we do you do what are
you what did you get last time we were
here you got turtle
then what'd you get chicken strip turtle
shrimp no chicken yeah they just call
them chicken strips with they're made of
turtle
seriously yeah whether were they good
terrorist ropes made of turtling on my
foot mom's phone because she's left the
camera home right yes way to tell the
mom sure the game at home just so you
know if it's like blurry or something
it's not the camera it sounds like a la
la la la la
so another gymnastic practice done check
um I got to do some more stuff um bar
from excited about woofle my ankles feel
a little better every day
we look at that sunset behind me oh no
reading okay it's pretty other we're
here yeah anyways oh my gosh squirrel
squirrel all right
so Caleb Haley and Daddy are at this
baseball baseball they're at baseball
and me and mommy are going to eat and
it's going to be fun because we don't
get to really just go to a restaurant by
ourselves we're in the car together
hanging out a lot but we never get to
really eat with each other just the two
of us yeah Jess son just the two of us
Oh chillin she takes me go oh my gosh
Boyan was my friend Olivia it's Olivia
not your boyfriend
I don't have one I like I will text her
after we're done but I get to pick the
restaurant and my big is Cracker Barrel
who was right
it returns
I told you they're called they're called
this old turtle tenders
because they're because they're made out
of turn do you really believe they're
made out of turtle I know they're made
out of chicken it even says out here a
lot three chicken they're just called
turtle tendons so yeah we have turtle
turtle tenders we have grilled turtle
breasts we have Tara Lisa we have turtle
pizza turtle quesadillas Mac and turtle
mini turbo burgers and corn kernels
that's not what it says at all except
turtle tenders grilled chicken breasts
cheese pizza
grilled quesadillas mac and cheese many
cheeseburgers and corndogs you want mini
cheeseburgers Mindy turtle bar girls
yeah you have to order like that you
have to say I want mini turtle burgers
why is white green
because their turtle rocks made out but
that's when they're made out of turtles
just like your turn away what are you
drinking put into them lemonade it's
lemonade made out of turbines but it's
turtling
turtle lemonade turtle m8 fit out of
strips made out of her why is it green
the turtle Lebanon
right also green
I have turtle water
that's made out of turtle food
and this is made out of red Turkish
made out of turtles please even got a
turtle on it shell fires made out of
turtles
just like your turtle lady and your
middle many turtle burgers you're
getting mini turtle burgers listen here
Batman
where we wait to border funny story
we're playing wrong as a look at the
obstruction and the checkers go in the
dark calories
we had a brawl I had mine on the dark
and we have a knees on the light oh we
don't know how to punch ever so we
figure it out them right whose turn is
it getting my turn I just move this
where should I go
kind of pressure with the camera on
what are you going to draw with that
crayon you're going to draw a pencil
with a crayon that's you know what that
is it's a piggy bank oh my god doing a
business honey that's a lot of money
right fulfill the whole thing out
boys is ready
Shh
Oh
Oh
what is it my ass mommy I don't know if
we can get a game tonight a tie game 9
News I named night
Rago get Bubba very good Caleb the bubs
all right make your move so I can win
this game we go home feeling very
trapped
all right so I win not ready to go home
yeah okay
do it
now
got your final
I'm a girl get me a beer at night at
this rate
and you can jump maybe
Danya
how's it going you tired
really guys
let's go breathe through it
whoosh want it want it Caleb
we are done Evie and my mom won one of
eating I'm a good eater
yeah it's true I like
when eating alright looks good Adil on
her table what they do to our table
nothing
oh it was still two cups still me
winning no checkers game was still there
yeah don't be jelly of my checker skills
just when we sturdy said I I had no
strategy I never played I have played
but not very often and I can't remember
the last time I played that was fun
congratulations Thanks you're the
sweetest you want against a
nine-year-old hey you know take some
skill you're a smart little
nine-year-old you were being smart about
your moves this time watching today we
are done we see day the question today
bucks American girl in some chow Mary
throw it off kaput it says hey we do
what is your favorite summer memory ha
Oh would you guys pick me up alright
let's just remember that
did you know that paper that's what we
got you we got you
Kayla wet that's it probably uh my
birthday ha ha so my favorite summer
memory Caleb I can see you my favorite
summer summer memory is all going to the
pool with with with Olivia I know he has
a fun huh so I'm gonna be quick
ok no my ha so anyway my daughter gets
tell you my ex actually got my birthday
with my funnest Everest that boulders
right doing its favorite ah um probably
going to that Hyatt OH
okay to buy c12 the cream today actually
what is your favorite summer memory yeah
I've gotta stop this fight thanks for
watching
Brit Ailee
