time for luckily I am on my way to
gymnastics and Piper mommy Haley and
Haley are going to an adventure to the
vet
poor Piper oh look at the bite so yeah
she's in a harness we just bought a
harness because last time we took her to
baseball she was like pulling my mom and
then we never wanted to take her again
so we uh we got her harness and we're
gonna see if that helps you too busy
looking out the window she loves Piper
little biscuit hmm she just moved it up
no if you're not gonna pay attention uh
you just got slobbered on we just got
back from the bed veg you couldn't see
it because you'll fail me take Piper
into the room battle and say what he had
yeah bad we could've filmed Piper at the
vet in the room all of a sudden they
took her back and she was done she they
had to give a shot right fire right in
our elbow not her elbow her shoulder
it was just a checkup um shot yeah cuz
she's sick Piper sees Piper sees all the
friends she saw in the vet
Piper did you make them friend oh that's
the one that was growling at her she's
gonna show them you show him Piper
you're so tough now that you're in the
car she was acting like a baby in there
wasn't she she was scared to go in the
elevator it was so cute
Ashley she is scared one time when we
tried to take her to that thing we did
it we did it one time but she didn't
want to kill on own room and item ml of
bag guy today yeah yeah
Oh another friend gonna fall in if
you're not careful right you're gonna
break my freezer if you're not careful
what you doing dude okay gonna get what
you doing dude okay one way so good what
you doing dude let me take - whoa whoa
what is going on behind me all right
that was your warning it says close the
refrigerator then open too long
what's she doing for ya right here Jim
the goodness like you can use it in it
what am i doing
oh look about to get in trouble with the
refrigerator
and packing the snail so so what you're
doing okay
nice chatting with you a boy and the dog
going out to play together bye boy I was
good talking to him wasn't it got my
back I don't know if that'll keep it
frozen that's for that what's that for
that shake Jannik shake shake drink can
make a slushy slushy magic alright last
thing is hair seeing ads it's Tuesday
night and we don't have to get up early
in the morning you have a choice what do
you guys want to do family game night
boy or watch a movie watch movie so is
that your dad and I'm eating some
dessert with Piper but she's not getting
any and I'm so rude but he said that she
was eating dessert with you and then
refuses to share down good I'm halia get
over watching the movie earth to echo
and my coach had given me some exercises
I can do that will help my foot not
gonna stick so this is my gym bag so I
brought my body size
like rubber band thing
so what item is it it's on both feet and
I'm gonna start hey he's a good I don't
know if she wants me just I think she
wants me something to do this or like a
hot room yeah she said like no I think
she did she let me do it in the brace in
the sock I don't know if she wants me to
give it just without anything so anyways
I guess I'll put the expanded background
them just to be sure
okay so anyways I put it like three
right here and a lecturer this one time
actually come on so why do you do it
with your good foot you can do it on
those I know but why why wouldn't you
just do it on your bad foot your hurt
foot mmm just kidding me to my coach
how many you have to do alright you
continue to do that I'll go get your
bandage okay ready break put your hip oh
and again look how dirty your paws are
you should be ashamed of your what you
do Piper Piper did you do it we can make
Piper nervous Piper what did you do
Piper did you do it because
uncomfortable Piper Piper you look at me
when I'm talking to you Piper did you do
it Piper Piper 20 Piper did you do it
Piper I'm so disappointed Piper did you
do it Piper did you do it you're so
guilty
look I'm I've done it I don't know what
we're talking about show me what I did
what you do what could you do
Oh mommie other food Oh goon now you did
this at the gym today yeah you
conditioned a lot today and did bars I
can't do this but hurt a little Piper
Piper can she have some space Oh
she's thinking right now here we go
and then the next step is to go in and
out the way you heard it
that's a concentration because you look
like you have your concentration
baseline set your concentration base or
the this hurts face all right gather
around brains time for the question of
the day I picked it specially for you
guys never have to do homework again or
never have to take another test you take
another test you'd rather do homework
when they go to homework that's because
you don't have that's not a good one for
me yeah
pick an ion for Haley and only Haley be
a dork I'll be a weirdo that's the same
essence oh my goodness Piper
hi burp I really care what you I'm
working with good dude I'm taking them
to you what you gonna do would you
rather what oh this is a good one hey
you old gum from under your desk or eat
the cafeterias mystery meet mr. V's that
is it can I sit I don't have a picture
of the mystery meat
anyway don't it's come down loves we
wouldn't have a question of the day um
Oh would you rather it should go or gum
from under your desk or cap the
cafeterias and the other one is I would
you rather have no more homework never
ever do it again or never would test
oh yeah oh no we had a little spill and
Piper's trying to help to keep bin and I
boarded up no you tried to get on the
bed it all fell out and Piper's Piper's
trying to be helpful and no one will let
her help
l'bri yeah I love this baby mutt but she
doesn't let me older you're down she
wants to help clean up I'm just trying
to be helpful
let her get most of it Piper and then
you can get the crumbs get the big
pieces we are trying to have movie night
thank you and we have a little spill oh
there's some bonus can I'll image for
you guys yeah I let her down ya know
yeah all of that good really sound
Alaskan bush dog in here alright the
movie was almost over I made some
popcorn oh my goodness are you seriously
eating food like the dog what now it's
in your hair - is it feel fabric
alright let's say good-bye again
good-bye again
Bagon goodbye again I use Tomatoes
Haley's favorite thing to say now baked
potato baby
thanks for watching
Britt Ailey
