we are at the emergency room because
yesterday I may have record my ankle sue
our doctor said it to come here to get
diner x-rays so he did watch yesterday's
I haven't x-ray last night but the
machine was best quality so we're coming
here first
what are we going to do with you nothing
figure alright well this is exciting
I mean they would look in your ears in
your eyes come on I won't get in trouble
come on
alright Julianne but you don't have to
get up I was just gonna ask him oh my
gosh you're such a goober oh it's gonna
be the doctor rate your pain and joy she
said this in triage this between this
mess of insane pain can't be ignored at
all he makes it hard to think and sleep
you think he said it too hard to fix
pain too bad to ignore phone yeah six
he's a happy little body
oh look at him you are a path out here
let me see if I can we make you pass out
so done with my x-rays and now we're
waiting for the back for the ecstasy
it's trafficked or not I'm saying
fashion because eating a fashion broken
the same same racket like that word that
they gave me a coloring duck TV visitor
to me that's going to be long about what
I mean ok kkkkk cute we have some great
news my foot on the second x-ray did not
see they said it was not broken he said
it was not broken so that's really
exciting so I should just keep getting
in here so I'm just talking about her so
anyways I'm done school right now and
I'm just so excited that in the next 48
hours I can put weight on it so I'm
really excited about that
yay click click click that's all I hear
as we walk backwards someone's getting
good we can't have baseball games and it
is now I have a big open space that I
can press practice correction are you
making up words again fast I can go no
because I want you to be careful and not
hurt yourself again
and Jen you ever been that wall alright
look at that pole right exactly it'll be
really broken you are getting good on
them I will give you that can you go
backwards
we're going in the grass I heard my name
actually I did hear my name but it
wasn't the sigh got somebody else's got
a cool name like me over there you know
the best part of coming to baseball the
concession stand they're going up to
order oh they're running back
you can have one candy chips no chips or
candy and a drink the cripple in the
klutz at the concession stand together
let's see if they can make their way
back Haley's got it all what did you
guys pick yeah all right thank you but
come again hi
can we sit right here yeah quiet at
baseball those things don't go together
no cuz you can't go down there just hang
here ah
stay put it's gonna be a miserable 48
hours did you tell everybody that you
cannot put weight on it for 48 hours no
bearing weight and on Sunday she can try
to walk but until then and look she's
sport and daddy stopped over her brace
yeah she got a new bracelet you show him
your brace I know you feel early over
did you show them
gosh sis your first day at this yeah not
okay okay all right what do you say
thank you no please please first please
mommy if you put a bunch of rainbows
stronger and I carry sugar
city before in minutes and you get these
rainbow straw like real drinking straws
we making real drinking sauce no you
can't make those out of drinking straws
so what do you put in the microwave no
show what kind of you know if you talk
about what kind of rainbow straws anyway
rainbow shop what edible rainbow straw
I'll have to look that up
whoo where'd you learn that did you
learn that by watching row
was it are you just making that up all
right I'll look it up and see if ro
taught you that and then we'll we could
try it but I got to find out if that's
actually real or if you just like
dreamed that and this is how we rest our
ankle at baseball we stay off of it we
elevate it and it's cold enough out here
for it to be ie stray thanks for
watching Britt Taylor
