today I'm Bailey it's not a cast you
might get a cast tomorrow what what we
never said anything about a casts hi for
me
I'm ready for the master would you back
let me see you let me approve it hey is
there anything before I look that's not
a healthy choice there are a sink
there's some healthy choices and there's
a CQ okay a good low speeds
okay where's it yes mm-hmm think you
need all that for a snack and after
genetic snack yes you really think it'd
eat all that yep and eat something
before so oh you're gonna have a before
domestic snack yeah yeah well I got
Annie gymnastic supplies her coach
texted me a few minutes ago and said
that Annie rolled her ankle dismounting
off the beam today and that she may send
her home and not finish practice so
weird when I take you up thank you much
well she I might have to bring her home
while you're at gym so I'm gonna bring
her some motrin an ace bandage and a
birth coach says she can say I might
depends on what her coach wants her to
do but we've got some supplies for her
just in case yeah coach that's an ankle
wrap ankle brace is it does this way
your foot slides in it like a thug but
it's got an open toe and then your heel
goes in there we're gonna see how a nice
feeling and why she wants her to do she
might need to come home and stay off of
it so now she hurt her arm last week was
just a muscle though this one she she
said it wasn't swollen coat her coach
said it wasn't stolen but is touching my
it's motrin painkiller painkiller
their pain relief okay okay yeah but you
took after your surgery okay yeah yeah
linking of your surgery we are over a
week after how are they looking
the redness is going away there is there
in your add a little bit it's pink now
over here look that way just a little
bit of pink and we're good because we
saw in 3d I don't see your eye turning
in as much as Kayla behind my back
making goofy faces yes you see I got
spotted how do you understand his
craziness and I don't do you speak crazy
I got that he's gonna slide very well
let me know what he wanted said he
wanted yeah he said penguins slide he's
gonna come slide in on his belly but he
many hi you're talking about awesome
that's what it's awesome
is that's the other one is also we
already know you
yeah you're awesome enough how are you
good 15 and it is bruise Danny I can
spit this looks bruised up here it
looking it's right here look at all
right looks like you fell on it but I
know you do
alright put some little all right she
can't walk you demonstrate what she did
okay yeah I miss it okay but what would
he do it on the red padding and then she
like landed short and I never twist it
okay I guess I did this I usually am
leaving
oh right around the whole thing I didn't
see the whole thing I just saw her go
down with glue I'm sorry I never liked
you okay I'm had a video why I got
stupid fgr I saw her so first it was
well actually the whole time I've been
hurt it was mine heal it was high hip
flexers my other hip flexor is my elbow
it was my arm and now it's my foot my
ankle this is definitely swollen and
bruised well it's not as swollen it's
bruised but it's definitely bruised and
it I can't walk
okay so I had to leave early from your
mastics because I couldn't really do
anything so we're going to go to the
urgent care because that's just closing
have a good time and yeah I had JIT
while I was doing on my school stuff I
just stick my ankle my full foot into a
bucket of ice water it was so painful
it felt hot and it was tingly like pins
and needle what your hopes thing but you
have to do it again for 20 minutes it
felt like an hour so rot away but
Hailey's at the gym but my dad went to
go get her but she's with some other
moms we know at the gym so
yeah my dad's on the way to get her
because Hayley
we didn't want to take Hayley out of the
her class because I got hurt so I wonder
how Hayley's going to react because
mommy's never been Oh dawn will she that
practice
she's gonna get used to it
servers X am the best x-ray but she says
like may have fractured it and she said
she's gonna put me in a splint a boot
and crunches
touches in the boot mommy it's good way
to get started cast it's not a calf I'll
let her just owe me a nanny but you do
well it's not gonna hurt to be in the
boot the hardest part is for you to stay
off of it and we'll go get a better
x-ray tomorrow I'm gonna walk out of
here with crutch you are I'm scared
never been a crutches home from the
doctor and in walks the crippled chest
up look for fur Oh that you're not
interested in what's going on Caleb come
and see about your sister I'm broken not
fracture a fractured maybe more likely
but more likely a fraction hail of the
worst brother
no swimming on Mars on that
well I'm gonna go inside out see what
you think someone move
you're leaving here your sisters on
crutches
what is it Piper you go be gentle
oh my got your balance or should you sit
down easy Piper good girl
seven foot okay don't move fast cuz she
may get scared and bark God check it out
Annie is it good paper what's wrong
right oh just worried watch that lip
okay
but staredown igon hyper hyper hyper
he's gonna knock he'll I know if I'm
trying to get it down all right oh yeah
I'm gonna point over there send that
castle over y'all so we are home now
watching hunter here and to um and um
this is probably broken it kind of is
starting to yes when I don't have it
elevated starts like hurting me the
silver didn't know that's a little much
I'm shining it I'm shining it it's like
Horman's huh so he's on it yeah it's not
a cast you might get a cast tomorrow
what what we never said anything about a
cast well if it's broken you're probably
gonna guest don't mind if I ask you this
for a sign fracture oh yeah we've had a
fracture I wanna have a good learner
people can sign it and then after they
said I want to take it all oh so how it
works
Hey
a little girl who wouldn't take the ice
bucket challenge is standing in a bucket
of ice
I love how Annie didn't want to do this
and you two are willing to do it be
alright in Indy
alright hey love your turn before I
clean this up there's an abundant window
don't let it get it or we're not did the
other bucket all right Caleb me yeah you
wanted hey right I'm doing I know we're
not we're cleaning it up Annie went to
bed you guys are gonna do the question
of the day hey well you already had a
turn no what do you think let me crack
your your ankle right click and then you
can put it in the cold okay so push
today is would you rather only have one
pair of shoes we only have one pair of
pants what would you say
my parents she's got it one pair of
shoes yeah we won yes wait hey hey Lisa
Bart are you okay hey Lucy bye-bye games
potato baked potato baby
thanks for watching
Britt Ailey
