today I'm behavior it's been a long time
since we've been here and we're excited
to be back good morning my friends happy
Thursday
not too happy for us around here we are
not like in long division at all we've
moved to longer division more digits and
we're not feeling taking us away from
math give us slime give us food give us
something we don't even like very much
it's probably better than long about
them give us a Mele dog I don't know why
I said smelly dog but anyway moving on
it's Thursday morning and he is still at
Amanda's there I heard they texted me
and they said they're doing school so
maybe we can roll the roll the clip
chocolate chip pancakes only burn hello
morning here hello
you're looking like a line today thank
you for that morning here okay it's
still there okay I'm that behind my ear
so good morning we woke up and we
literally made pancakes
how much also and then what are we gonna
do Oh school we're in do school school
school and last school we didn't finish
the movie last night but we watched some
of it I know she was like you wouldn't
turn the movie on to like just fall
asleep and then I was like yeah Cheryl's
a comment on me I'm like all night I'm
gonna watch the whole movie and just
like be on my phone all night and then I
was like 10 minutes into the movie I
just wait it's all so good and then yeah
so now we're waking and eating so whew
okay we're back I don't know what they
were doing but that clip was probably
pretty exciting or maybe it was really
boring but they're playing in case um
they haven't filmed anything yet is
school and then cantering on lucky again
by herself
so I'm lucky right yeah lucky so I don't
think she's quite ready to canter on no
no no Haley and I are learning some more
about long division we want to get
caught up on that so we can move forward
then guys tonight we're meeting with
Miss Carrie because Miss Carrie
yeah you can come we're going to
rehearse Annie's gonna have some dancers
for this concert that's the plan okay
that's a good idea and we're gonna meet
with the dancers and see what they've
come up with for a couple of Annie's
songs yeah it's gonna be pretty fun
so what's today Thursday Thursday for us
so Saturday for you to get ready for the
concert ready for the concert it's not
too late to buy tickets new great venue
the 12 o'clock the other probably well
it's not too late Saturday's not too
late to buy tickets it shouldn't be that
was kind of a nice break from long
division but we do need to get back
mm-hmm it's not it's like not going like
we wanted it to it's a little bit of a
struggle today usually Haley gets things
pretty fast but we're worse for some
reason we're nuts just not clicking yet
so we're just gonna do her
multiplication is good no I told her
that she has to do she has to know the
steps without me helping her I just
gotta do know what's next well no like
the first step you get and then you get
stuck on the second sector or then I
come then you forget for some reason you
get stuck on the first step so I help
you when you do the second step just
perfectly it's weird so we're gonna keep
moving forward and we'll check back in a
little bit stay tuned for some fun like
choreo like Annie's first time with
backup dancers should be interesting Oh
guys so hola amigos a manga wait what
was that
what did you like just magically coming
but
I am dressed up because I'm about to do
some musical ease and this is a final oh
this is a final hat and I can't put on
right now that I really like can't put
on gosh and this is the final little hat
thing I don't know where I'm gonna do it
it's either where the Christmas tree is
gonna be mama if I'm gonna do in the
Christmas tree or am I gonna go go do it
right here for a change probably no
one's seen before but we have it did you
know it's like right on the stairs this
is where we have an okay we have two
Christmas trees we have two Christmas
trees and here's the big one the white
big one
that we put in our living room where the
presents go and then we have this one
it's just our Christmas tree it's like
oh oh and then we have this little
beautiful one we have this Christmas
tree and it's supposed to go like right
up there but it doesn't it's like like I
don't know how to explain I don't even
know why we palm tree that would be a
really good idea
but I don't want to live in a beach
house so I don't know which one should I
do actually didn't take a long time to
put I didn't know I had this much
clothes because they're home I don't
know where we go
I'm sorry guys I'm your board I'm sorry
we should I you I'm hungry I'm hungry
it's really dark you're so loud huh
didn't and
oh we're still dick getting our deck
done it's been like 500 weeks this so
now we're gonna go horseback ridin and
it's gonna fun whoo-hoo he wanted to be
in the spotlight her once so Haley has
up cycled is that the term up cycled her
school uniforms so we might keep a few I
said we needed to go clean them out
since she wasn't enrolled in that school
anymore cuz she had full scrunchies and
the headbands so that's kind of cool huh
you ready to go we shut down the mascot
for the day Oh until tomorrow my friends
and then math returns you look so good
and we are on our way to pick up Annie
from Manders and then we're going to get
some dinner and then go to rehearsals
yeah that's your big time to shine your
big moment
I'm playing the part of dad it's a big
part Haley likes to disappear when we're
walking out of the door she just
disappears but it'll be a cool new
Partridge come on Haley I gotta go I
think we got to go oh you're driving
this guy has a migraine so I volunteered
to drive isn't that nice of me
hey Haley thinks if she just yells
coming over and over and over again
alright let's just go down the drive see
you later Hey oh that's the way to get
her in
just walk out the door you ready oh you
weren't you and she remember to close
the door
Wow not this store but the door begin to
the house she always walks out but I'll
go say how super cute you like thumbs up
this video for Haley's outfit all by
herself I've combed her hair really nice
to do one um I would take credit for it
I made you I created you
well God created you but without me God
couldn't create you well if God didn't
create you I wouldn't be here right and
I did your hair so there we go
look who we got back me okay so we're
going to eat daddy's on a phone call I
feel like we're always leaving daddy
he's on a phone call in the car but
someone has to someone's hungry and
wants to eat actually no horseback
riding stuff is what that was pretty
cute a treat when she rides when I ride
her she has like a little foamy white
stuff that drips all off of her mouth so
I can wait and get good I went and got
God brought her a treat
and I like wiped her chin with all over
me like I was Miss Luna one is good
Drive hand turn are we gonna see Luna
has everybody gotten clips of Luna
already I don't know but you so basic
trick my aunt's turn
no I meant like they can't by the time
that your Instagram story's expired by
then I'm saying did you film today not
Luna
you didn't tell muna oh alright guys
well she rode Luna and failed it
vlogging but Lee she's cute don't you
love her and this one don't you love her
too kind of chilly out here
oh this is corny thank you for helping
us this weekend it's gonna be fun I did
a little shimmy but no one can see me
we're here it's been a long time since
we've been here and we're excited to be
back no move by the way we want to see
the dancers the real dancers the real
dance is that the trained professionals
that's what I mean damn this is birds of
a feather right yeah whatever you want
miss Carrie yeah Annie I'm assuming you
guys just kind of like wander around how
about what it's like when you're going
yeah via a mic stand out I have for this
year wait I where's the mic going dude
no but that's that's on my list of
things to do it's so weird
it's so weird to hear in here
they got it they got it
yes that without good ordinary Girl
choreography is being born right now
I'm not gonna give it all away okay
Annie wants me to stop filming that's
enough of your sneak peak got me what
what's wrong what's playing the bad
version of what oh the explicit version
with all the bad words in its version
my daddy's listening to bad it's on it's
not we don't have us on the radio well
the Tesla oh hey yeah she busted what
are you looking for what
alright so Annie's gonna raid the frit
nope
pantry and he's so tired and so hungry
at the same time you don't you did
school today already anything I'm
stressed with school I shouldn't yeah
you should do school Annie yeah
hey how do you think today went be
excited nervous nerves sided I think we
should just roll into a question of the
day cuz we're not gonna get much more
out of Annie today she's had a long day
total but you did it twice today right
two different times
Oh daddy took it in the car and he just
dropped us off and went to the grocery
store to get food she was gonna what
today just worked out perfectly Brandi
this is a funny story listen listen
lately my brain didn't want to work like
I would I had all these things that I
wanted to get but then I completely
forgot about it like I forgot that I
want to be at lights for my room and
we're at Target so anyway
was like hey where do you guys wanna
come we had to kill time after dinner
before rehearsals what do you want to do
so I was like oh let's see and then I
was like oh yeah I need a bullet journal
to get caught up on though it says
Amanda and she's like she's so organized
she's my inspiration to school for
school guys oh my god I've got another
journal for my notes and then she was
like oh my gosh I mean it also has wood
wood well know what the story was
Amanda where we were gonna order the
journal and then the man's like oh but
they also have rice and I found it I was
like whoa wow they actually have it here
the one I needed Oh
like oh she's also like burning burning
crackles so great apparently it's
soothing and relaxing for school just
text Amanda ask her like do you know
where you got your wood with candle and
she's like yeah I got it you know what
was the first one if she said bath and
body no Bed Bath & Beyond and I'm like
nope
there's not one near here Yankee Candle
Yankee can don't we walk outside like I
think there's one here can there's like
this whole section yeah I don't like I
distort when life just works out you see
a full parking lot you guys aren't gonna
relate to this vanilla bean is coffee
you can't relate to when you see a full
parking lot and you're like I'm never
gonna get a spa and then the front the
best parking spot somebody pulls out of
the best parking spot right in front of
you you're like oh my gosh
life is good so it hurts buddy great
okay question of the day what is your
favorite smell my coffee okay my
favorite smell this is gonna sound
terrible
Oh G is born smell a barn
thanks for watching guys comment down
below if the comments aren't disabled on
this video comment down below if what's
your favorite smell Oh Haley got some
books today at Barnes & Noble
I'm third grade reading books that was
on Melissa oh yes I got this it is
called that's not that's just the book
not the candles okay guys yeah your
journals in here see life's just working
out for Annie today this is my ginger
pie it's docked in it just like it was
on the new berry pie okay I guess we
weren't we aren't saying goodbyes is my
rose journal okay I had ginger pie
this was a five paragraph by paragraph s
and this I don't know if that one it
might be too old for this it was on the
list dolphins I read that when I was
little but we got always grow in this
knuckle juice
I remember that one too all right guys
we're gonna let you go please I got at
wrangle these kids and I thought hailey
was going to bed fires for sure will be
one thing I have a sketchbook it's a
shape of the Eiffel Tower
no thank you good speech okay thank you
don't forget to come anywhere this is
another question the day is drink a
smell smell love you go
always remember to celebrate life
baby
thanks for watching
Vitaliy
