time for what a week
good morning guys well I forgot to
mention that this weekend that my arm I
hurt my arm on the first day I don't
know what it was on but I took Friday a
little easy and yeah I just forgot to
tell you and we're gonna see cuz it's
been hurting really bad like I had to be
off of it the whole weekend and we will
see today if it is going to feel a
little bit better so I'm I sing it now
for honor with you the Jama to see how
both not to see how it's going to be but
for my domestics and see if I can have a
regular day I haven't put any weight on
it since Friday I've given it complete
rest a little heal up but it's if it's
still hurting we've already scheduled a
doctor appointment
so yeah sure I saw so I'm back at the
car my arm is still hurting but the
reason I'm back in the car it's because
my mom was calling to see the doc to see
that the doctor could to get me tape it
to see if the doctor could get me in a
little sooner she was she wasn't
expecting it to be today but doctor says
he could see you today so we're on our
way right now it still hurts to put
pressure on it
so kind of nervous uh I want it to work
really bad he's a chiropractor so he can
like massage it out
that's gonna hurt a lot
as you can see I am going to be in the
car filming all day so yeah I'm in the
car but here's the twist I'm in the car
there's no pain so we went to the doctor
and he just massaged out in there's no
pain hey hey hey so he said I could go
back to jamel sticking on all the events
if my coach Villetta she might want to
just take it easy
well not easy like go slowly
yeah just like make sure okay yes tell
anybody something you do doesn't
actually make it hurt yeah yeah after we
went to the doctor the nature didn't
hurt we went to somewhere we haven't
been in a long time
mommy's she put leg keep we're
celebrating yay
did you really just film yourself
drinking water yes I did to show them
that I can press a button under water
yeah use that hand lifting we found it
hurting yeah as you can see I'm really
excited
what a cyber as Iger zeiger fever Piper
no you're a Tiber I have a tiger top
with the bottoms so you're either uh
what do you say a tiger tiger or a tight
Tiber a Tiber know is that Zagar a
beggar
it is dagger or - hybra no pain at all
okay yay but you're on a trampoline so
you may have to stay on a trampoline
today at practice whatever your coach
says you need to do what pajama boy what
what were you going to say you and I
needed to do I felt relieved oh you're
not talking yeah if you you just like
the Pillsbury Doughboy come here let me
get it
ah okay what were you saying oh you're
not talking to me Annie and I know wait
what I was gonna say Annie not me and we
got to work on that I what this weirdo
and I okay are going to until this
weirdo has to leave are going to sell
off pokemon cards since they're all
mixed up
no we don't have time for that hey she's
got to leave yeah I know she's gonna
come in right now and I think she's
coming in she's been she hasn't been
able to do anything with their hand all
weekend Boehner
all right and the warm-up is you wanna
see me do Afghanistan back today
ready I don't think there's dog poop on
the trampoline there is something on
your foot what is it it does kind of
smell smell it or taste it like is that
dog poop or chocolate you're like aw
it's dog poop get a leaf and don't cover
my house with that doggie poo poo time
to do the trampoline hi try and hate
leave Halloween costume on and see if it
fits
come here let me see okay and she's got
her new wet shoes on but I'm gonna
remind her not to walk on the heels or
you're gonna have what happened to your
other pair what those red ones that you
walked on all the times you flattened
out that is yeah so don't walk on them
like that alright let's see we got to
get you some tights some rangu types but
I think it looks good sneak peek on
Bailey's Halloween costumes
I mean if you like it and let's go god
bless Buddha look look you poop that's
all folks and you want to see what
Caleb's wearing for Halloween he'd got
his costume on - yeah yeah hey nice
costume Caleb that's what daddy say he's
going to the dork that's me and daddy
and he should have freckles we could
good test freckle whoa whoa whoa whoa
she she just said that dorks that he
needs prep freckles cuz dorks have
freckles what do I have all over my face
nothing giggles yeah done Annie's
getting rid of some Leo she's passing
them down to Haley cuz BJ got the new
one that was pretty funny it was pretty
funny when you called me fluffy
apparently I'm a fluffy zombie with
freckles hey dork
please I'll be George oh that's what it
does me I'm gonna be a mommy for
Halloween now it our day has come to an
end it was a very fun day just the arm
feels better so I'm just going to pick a
rare
hey oh really are you that pays on stop
okay okay can we do it one or that one
or that one or that one more time one
more time one right okay stop oh okay
tell me one stop stop
Oh hmm make a movie for a school project
or a music video a music with you wait
no I don't either gonna ask me which one
the school project
why but a t-shirt design it's not yonder
nada oh I can tell when we get our music
video music video yes yeah Formica
yeah don't forget to call me Ella bro
let me know the portions in a day is
make a movie for school project or a
music video we a movie for scoop logic
video
yeah so anyway 5 day tomorrow I'm using
good I speak Spanish now yeah okay what
does all of that mean
Tom now adios means cha-cha-cha Miko's
cinnamon I'm kidding
I use means good body and yes and majors
means friends role of burnt user tikkun
olam means hi and um seeming yes next
time use him in the right conduct
he said adios amigas she says all no
anyways say bye say bye I know some bye
babe thanks for watching
Britt Ailee
