today I'm bikini I got a um perfect
sound nothing gut you might want to
close your ears hi for me today is a
girls night because the boys went to
baseball and some us girls are going to
the mall to shop too we drop and with
something I yeah yep and I don't know
why because before we did that we had to
get gas and also this little guy wanted
to say hi yeah what did you bring oh so
yeah oh yeah
remember the jewels that we put on your
hands and I put them in your book your
book in mine have an independent okay so
we're going to justice or the Shuster
for my mom but we don't know what look
we can't decide what we want to do first
hey they wants to flip a coin but he
already said that whatever happens I can
have mine no I didn't she did off camera
she sure did but I know why are we
living a very why because we're flipping
a coin now okay the choice had so much
on his tail I'm head I'll be tails
okay and are you gonna catch it and then
flip or whatever it lands on in your
hand I should I deal it oh I do the I
think a you flip it and you you toss the
coin and I flip it nice let you toss it
catch it flip it don't drop it
my closet gadget pop it that's how we do
it
awesome toss it boy but what about if
she does this my matter she's letting
the drill bit just pop it up on your
right out hopefully Superboy I was right
here you go what I think it was heads
and wise how it happen
but with it cuz you toss it in the air
and then you flip it hmm so what was
your choice what mine was two shoes she
saw and then justice
I'm surrounded by shoes and more shoes
and your shoes and more hues and more
shoes so we are act like a shoes for a
moment every time she
see ya put until I live near like yeah
well
yo what's up I can do it a new McCaleb
okay so like minecraft
yes we're singing and you are anyway so
we're gonna show her what you did so
we're waiting for Sevilla move to get
yeah i'ma write over Sydney and Luke to
come here and we're singing okay we're
saying okay okay so it's Haley's turn
and then after wait no okay go mommy
rocking me I'm ami their judge I'll come
with you you're walking me there we go
hmm oh by the way we're singing the
star-spangled banner and by the way I
cannot go say can you see okay
oh say can you see by night what so
proudly we hail'd
with a great night for s'mores
oh excuse you Piper geez didn't want to
sit by you anyway you mangy mutt sir
there's more light out here mm nope let
me see that mood change in lip balm you
guys have on oh come on what song should
we sing mommy you're the judge you could
spend time home no I just don't think
the same your fault song that says Haley
I got a um perfect sound nothing gut you
might want to close your ears down
enough oh okay why have you thin away
one small tiny tiny he has got our grape
at the side yum yum
smaller with a tiny wig secrets don't
know you should sing okay I got one
and y'all Lana you you know this one now
lip bond I'm your very lip balm or drips
lip balm on your lips lip balm I heard
there was a secret chord that David
played
pleased the Lord but you love really
care for music do ya tell ya why it make
you embarrass ya cuz sing the Hallelujah
part okay um for it well oh this is part
of um when it goes like this the fourth
the fifth the minor fall the major lift
the baffled King composing hallelujah
hallelujah hallelujah we are making a
fire but we aren't making everyone yeah
I make it never giving this hey daddy I
wanted
oh yeah water I've got oh my jacket
freezing it it's it's freezing out here
I need a jacket
okay I'll get Rebecca now city and Luke
are here yeah they're Sydney hello so
we're going to get a blanket for the
s'mores because he's cold
and we're gonna go by a fire in a top
watch that blanket catch yourself on
fire
daddy's bringing serisone exactly
naughty perfect but it's gonna get dirty
Hey
ah love it oh now you care I told you
what's wrong mortal punch earlier then I
liked it
come and join me by my eye yeah perfect
then freeze now like cuz it's cold oh
what's wrong with the fire you're
getting the fire she's we're like
staring at it she goes like everything I
was like it's gonna mold it's cool
mm-hmm
he'll cut out her clothes boy okay okay
what ring see that I know I've got
dinner in the oven and he's shoving his
face with a peanut and jelly
I'm starving the last one doesn't oh now
what are you gonna eat for lunch
tomorrow
like how show me exactly how you look
mmm my peanut butter jelly for tomorrow
yeah yeah
last one yep you're fired
you're gonna have to fix me peanut
butter jelly
yep information how to make it um peanut
butter and jelly we have a video on that
remember right now everybody knows how
to make up here but enjoys wait wait
hold the phone and hold the camera
forgot it okay so how's it again you
need brain shall we and shrimp yo bro
and shrimp is good on peanut butter
sandwiches
so fire
I was born this side and mama bird come
on baby yeah yeah that's good enough get
the blow Kayla Jimmy
so we are um shooting some guns
yes Sydney let's let's clarify guns at
Sydney shooter and you're knocking
everything down in the path hurricane
Haley you miss there's a shot Haley hey
I feel like our setup yeah she's not
protection Caleb she's innocent
yeah she's an innocent bystander hey you
might want to duck behind that both of
you quod standard it's true it stands on
quad legs ready honey what else do you
do for fun on a Sunday night right Yeah
right
hey we eat lasagna we have s'mores and
we shoot each other with nerf guns the
shot Luke just left Oh got skeletons in
your closet and before they must should
be helps me with this room um it's
called ruminate and you can do do with
some stuff you can just make whatever
you want and and move it so it's a ban
yeah this is Hanny you're gonna have to
listen look at it closely see this and
then when I press this button over here
it turned also cool and ssyn give booze
I'm gonna do the question today the
question of the day is going to be from
our box it is
this should boys be allowed to play on
girls sports teams why huh yeah yeah
they can plan some that boys can play on
girls sports teams
why does girls can play on boys sports
okay okay hello ladies and gentlemen hey
it is a shy hello ladies and gentlemen
it is almost Halloween and I am here to
spook you some ways the region is a day
should boys be allowed to play on girls
sports teams why I say um no because I
for one thing that I don't have a reason
for really any so that's why I said yeah
and really I mean yes they can
I don't think that they like it should
be a rule since girls can play boys
sports oh yeah I think they should be
able to since that would be unfair but I
mean no really just put a sport where
there are more of your own people on is
what I say like softball for girls if
you're playing back on sport in baseball
for boys and stuff like that some ways
come down below because move another
version today is should a boys be
allowed you
and little sports team say yes or no
and what see anybody on base take baby
thanks for watching Britt Ailey
you
