today unlit a we don't touch that saves
your life or me
hailey is in my bed you crawl in bed
with us last night getting ready to wake
her up because today is the day of her
eye surgery gonna get the eyes fixed try
to make crap you can't eat breakfast
this morning so we kind of waited to the
last minute
hailey she's not a morning person
hailey it's time to get oh I did see a
smile maybe today with the camera on her
she'll have a smile on her face she
won't show how grouchy she usually
though he not go look at the camera
you ready did you wake up in the middle
of the night and sneak some food all
right
no laughing a little bit I'll be hard to
do okay
mommy's got on paper clothes covered all
right already but then I go get this
with my feet all right
they don't want any germs around did you
eat or drink anything did you last night
no good job right how hurt should be had
to put signs on her what every bird my
hair sometimes she doesn't get up to eat
she said she didn't give me the signs
all right witness Haley I love my mommy
I don't know what it has is her name and
your birthday when your shoes are so
your shoe size definitely your shoes I
mean look at these well the doctor say
they were yeah he said there is some
cute girls and he named him
murdle-erdled or below this one's herbal
this is Myrtle Myrtle and herbal he just
stayed home from her surgery she's a
little bit outside today she generally
what I did I was cute because she was
greedy because of Mommy and Daddy
I came in she fell asleep next to me
strong
now the Finch my school day daddy fixing
lunch
don't whisper English didn't hear me I
hope that you guys can hear me so yeah
okay we are going to pick some Halloween
outfits out because that just sounded
sweet
well no this way get out now good boy
outfit out out anyways because it's
almost Halloween and mommy and I heard
the Haley Haley sleeping at home and all
just decided to stay with it because you
know Haley just got so dry so she can't
open it right now so yeah guys turns all
doing
that but why because they decided then
when her eyes went to the bottom that
they were both actually turning in a
little bit so
so worse than what we thought woman feel
pretty strong little girl I would not
have done that
I did have no
to do like any other one that hasn't
broken anything
Vernie has only gone to a hospital for
very bad thing
the only line get okay somebody somebody
hand me up like a drink
so yeah and
or
unfortunately there probably will last
forever
we're stupid for her
Oh Oh
and I told you what
I don't get that same because not easy
what she's saying isn't embarrassing
yeah but people get so much more hurt in
football
I say they do I didn't really think that
I wanted to get some costumes here
but I still going to go because you know
there might be a costume that I want
and and he found out it doesn't work off
that is not it it is not and I thought
we came to agreement with my rule that I
always get candy
yeah I have my wife's laughter oh yeah
you know you want a vampire never know
my story yes I asked that scary man
lobster he just wore the scary man
oh yeah that was very silly it was very
stinky and itchy not any uh what do you
think we want this here I don't know we
will see you and we get there so bye see
you later
don't touch that saves your wine red
eyes I wanted to know I want it could
kill you okay okay
huh taste he's eating a rat can you eat
a rat
Oh a giant spider ah what is this
see this I know but what's this hold it
hmm a hand it's a hand but it moves you
know is he moving
yes that's where we're heading to if you
guys it's not me a slowpoke the door a
baby tiny line I don't think that
concentration can you wear 6 to 12
months yes ok 6 to take action ok well
we probably should move away from the
baby costumes just a gasp well you get
something we need to make sure covers
your hair I don't want to scare people
too bad Oh perfect I found your costume
oh yeah
sit right there we came to an agreement
I think I've decided on a dare devil
over
so we're gonna have to go to another
place I can open my eyes excited yeah
how you feeling good okay let's keep
eating some soup alright so you want me
to explain how we did it okay so we got
some wet towels and now are soaking cold
pretty cold now feeling me and they are
cold yeah Wow they're cold so we got
some towels at war um I'm hot cold but
and we put them over my eyes we rub them
first and then we put them over my eyes
like back and forth and and to leave it
for a long long time
oh you just told me that but I couldn't
see it's 6 p.m.
oh my gosh yeah we already talking know
how we got dries up him in some way FL
just tell them tell them which hot we
are your eyes hurting yeah which one
hurts worse neither of them know yeah
cool
and this one was hurting gotcha
but now it feels better all right
you'll stay and here you're gonna go in
there just a hand I'll come see you
scuse us Piper your daddy hi yours daddy
you look great
oh she's gonna get super than that hi no
she said I don't hurt they don't were
hurt at all did you give her medicine
though just in case so I can she woke up
again she had an IV in her hand like
that
honey that's where they give you
medicine yeah it goes into your veins ah
quicker go go straight to your blood you
want me tell you out with ya fellas how
it went
it's like what do you remember wheeling
that I woke up yeah she did she wiggled
a little bit I said that looked normal
and then BAM you are awake uh yeah you
couldn't see could you do you remember
waking up were you scared
cuz you couldn't open your eyes because
I don't a long time in Iran yeah I
probably did the rags 20 times did you
did you can you see ya how many fingers
am i holding up more videos pours that I
what about now close your eye was one
eye amazing cuz the other eye very good
how many fingers about a yes indeed I'm
so excited see with your eyes open you
were asleep all day you slept the day
away for sure you don't hurt at all hey
the doctor says um your classes who
needs to be on if you're awake
all day he said I know you were asleep
watch your eye when you put him on he
said until he checks you in a month they
need to you need to wear him
how does it feel good can you see any
better
did you notice a difference do you
really know it's looking for same again
you don't have to what thank you holy
blue teeth Batman
ah you have blue teeth yeah a little bit
yours isn't blue Caleb no no don't don't
rub the sugar straight on your teeth
that's just asking for cavities yeah you
guys were brush for five hours after the
first Japanese no all right hit it
okay so now all of us are settled in and
we are so proud of Haley because you got
then with her serve up I was asleep my
eyes closing my eyes you know weird what
you weren't you weren't asleep but you
were closing her eyes I could she
couldn't open them earlier she was
opening her mouth yeah she was really
good where did you see it
Maria their daddy told me about it and
she was trying to open her eyes and her
mouth
oh you did yes you got when she came
into the house all I hear is the door
opening and then oh and I brought her in
I can't open my eyes
she was frightened like hoping she would
I didn't know sure that she couldn't
open her eyes cells
I thought you'd have her surgery she
maybe had a little bruise she'd the fun
just fine now though yes if it might
bruise it so anyways we're so proud of
Haley now I'm just gonna go on picnics
yeah why should question today yeah I
said it was July that helped me and if
you have what was it Wow
yeah no yes you have what was it for
y'all your job yeah her my job his job
right now your phone waiting up chin
down when someone kicked him in the 10
and it broke his jaw and like two or
three places I can't remember now but it
was at least
two places yeah right here and then a
little further back on the side what
she's dinky no my turn I had surgery and
it was today yeah what was it for that
to fix your eye right glasses okay all
right TTFN that's all for now thanks for
watching Britt Ailey
