time for metalli
hey guys some of you may or may not know
that Haley is getting surgery on alright
- Mara
tomorrow anyway well here's the dealio
for today Haley got to pick the
restaurant for her today because she's
getting surgery and then after we're
we're going to get ice cream because we
want to fill his belly up cuz can't eat
after midnight or she'll feel sick poor
Haley so as you can see I am done with
gymnastics I just got in the car and
Haley went to gymnastics to
I love that she put a dress on over it
after we eat dinner any ice cream we
rinse than the rest of the day relaxing
we went Hayley to eat a lot because you
can't eat breakfast in the wind wrinkle
doc you can't eat or drink drink
nope nothing
what about she's really thirsty they
said she could have clear liquid six
hours before surgery like water water
whole thing good Nepal juice good but
clear like what's like not milk clear
yeah so no waking up in the middle the
night I'll put some signs on the door
that's what we you and Haley can do that
after we get home maybe you guys can
make some sign but you can you can read
you can read do do not open you can read
those words and it will remind you even
less even if you see the San Gilbert
you'll probably remember that you're not
to pushed out it'll remind you why if
you get to hang the signs that when you
see that yep so we'll put one on the
refrigerator and the pantry and the
other banja leak in the sink maybe so
that yeah well she no she gets up there
frigerator anyway she's get water on the
refrigerator
oh not the other pantry I'm it like the
corner good thing cool so that's the
plan
we got a plan for the bed on her door
yeah cuz you guys cuz you don't want to
just walk all the way down there and
walk back up yeah can we play freeze
dance
that what happens when you fail at
something you just go to sleep
oh no that was my dead fish oh you did
you die when you fail no my got your
sleeping sorry
and guys
you
are you nervous I'm probably going to
ask you that a million times you get in
again earlier
exactly going is he a good actor
hey Kiki pre-orders almost over I said
it key you want a key to what my heart
oh you have it already I keep the car
you're not old enough you look so tired
I get a key to the car if you promise
you can't be doing that like so much
you're gonna do this
yeah
where do you like my eggs
Wow everybody held a cup you
you just do a haircut
all right okay our foods here so let's
get properly Haley Haley let's sit at
the table properly napkins in our lap
like proper children do you may have
some ketchup let's ditch this joy
you go get some ice cream
Danny laughs so we are heading to
California because we have a very
important thing to do that we cannot say
and I just hope so we're headed to mean
cheese to eat I drink it I think because
you know that's always bad after you
just ate so that's what we're doing
Haley's asleep as you can definitely
tell and mommy's home yes Ward
hypersleep and mommy's calling her and
and he's pulling up a new distance and
that is happening in Delhi Trinamool
this is exactly what's going on cuz I am
so smart that they just don't up there
yes
Haley's it is awesome
not really bad I mean you know Rosa
trying to be nice but it really didn't
work since what you just said Oh mommy
now fell fell fell fell fell fell fell
fell
shut chalk on you you're used to it pro
bowling hello Hoffy right for daily
wherever he goes
thanks for the advertisement love your
heart anyway you got the right one here
fanny
he went right over her heart you broke
her heart you stopped her her and she
sounds funnier be
serious business and daily she's ready
for daily
oh good
that's dirty I definite a lot now that
things are scary looking I know I scared
one of them you're the one of what maybe
they're near the camera people yeah the
people inside the camera you know when I
became a watching them or are they
inside the computer which one is it
night one do you choose
the really don't eat don't eat the wall
really so
let you play the old yeah you are
oh yes must appear
Oh
caleb Tsongas palin
he just started jamming and then i got
the camera out I'm pretending like he
wasn't just dancing showing what their
big moves just were that's pretty great
yeah but you did yeah
so we are all bathed and sweet and still
attacking me we shook on it she's not
attacking you she wants to play huh oh
that's me hello stop
we need hey they are making some signs
reverse surgery because making it on the
pantry the refrigerator and no thank you
in both pantries and Binta dolia
advertisements much healed um so as i go
right ahead caleb is a stop stop it's
wet so i think for my channel which is
minecraft animations and so yeah you
don't even know how to do the animation
- - doing it right are you doing it for
you
so there is i-5 there my mic line crap
emotions by daddy's 15 bucks
excuse me I said her face now they're
free hey I know by now my channel is a
gaming channel my channel is blaze and
ours will be losers I'm making you guys
are the way you can be right here this
will be dry but nurtured home in race
right here
a little lower little low right up a
little bit right for a Piper just
pointed right here here under your chin
okay okay that's where it is anyway oh
sure I'll put this trip description if I
remember yeah you guys are back
uh
over and over here we have some after
surgery stuff um I've been he went to
the church doors to get some soup and
got some yeah Haley requested some soup
and I want to do it so I said just a lot
and then we have in Tylenol and motrin
in case of the pain and then we have her
antibiotic is something like you I miss
it yeah it's just in case just in case
it's just gonna she's gonna be on an
antibiotic just in case and yeah we're
making sure that she doesn't get up in
the middle of the night right to eat
stuff or drink anything
Oh nope not till tomorrow when you feel
like eating you'll have some of this
Union break and listen to this I haven't
decided to how much I'm going to film of
you actually tomorrow because I don't
know exactly what your eyes are going to
look like it may be a little bruised a
little tiny tiny bit and so we'll just
see how she feels and see if she wants
to be on camera tomorrow she might be
sleepy and so the best thing that she
can do is sleep are you nervous
are you okay okay you're okay you're
gonna be nervous tomorrow top probably
me too me too
how are you feeling about your sister
did my way we're just gonna move on
squishy today while we're finishing
these up okay I've got one I read it
yeah it's the one under the Train watch
the first and airplane flight or the
first moon landing
what a mandate where they landed on the
moon you want to watch the first time
that Wright brothers flew or when Neil
Armstrong landed on the moon whatever
the first time they landed on the moon
or the first time anybody flew an
airplane what do you want to watch what
would you rather watch they could go
back in time what would you rather be
there to witness hey you don't know uh
probably the moon since we won the race
right sweet
I just think that we they donated things
a little but I don't we're saying the
very first time someone flew a plane for
the very first time someone wants a
marriage money would you rather see its
finer saying the moon but either way
it's the first time the first time ever
yeah is stream of ever us which one
would you rather watch a plane Haley my
moon I have to say the moon too really
because I think what you are trying to
say is nowadays people fly all the time
can you but not a lot of people yeah so
we're just making sure which one
changing it no I don't want any like
Haley so not tomorrow what did I say
especially cloudy tomorrow yes actually
I think it is yes I was right don't
forget to call me okay the love UNIDO
the question of the day is
and oh oh oh I don't think even you read
wash the bird plane right thinking a
Jacke flight like it only lasted like 29
seconds a short flight so today short
play Oh what would you rather me which
lasted five days except don't let
anything kind of sad
don't get your history from him coming
up about that doesn't mean I should move
around I think I might write a birthday
baby
thanks for watching
Britt Ailey
