and then Haley comes running down with
crazy good morning everybody we are
having a party it's a viewing a music
video party
we've got queso and we've got photograph
music video playing no word on they just
sent it to us to look at his a little
sneak peek it's all you get I don't know
when it's coming out or I would show
more and he's watching it a second time
did it pause if you pause it they just
literally sent it to us to watch they
didn't tell us when it was going to come
out so I don't want to show too much but
I believe it's done and it's so good
what do you think I always know when
Annie like something your favorites are
she watches it again
like little do you know I'm not saying
that she hasn't felt that way about all
of it I think all her music videos she's
watched again but like there's some
things we show her and she's like cool
and she walks away after she watches it
so now she wants to watch it again so
she can see all like the details like
the first time you watch it you're kind
of like and then you watch like a
million more time to see all like the
you know not hidden things but like the
little things and Daddy treated us to
okay so he got the recipe for my
favorite queso and surprised us and it's
delicious
so it's a true party we stopped school
we were in the middle of school when the
text came through about this I don't
even know I was talking so fast I don't
know if I explained it because is it
really if you planning to charges the
music video for photograph I know I said
music video but I don't even know
because I was talking so fast and
excitement for photograph coming soon
maybe by the time this video is out if
it is will link it if not maybe we'll
have information this is my computer not
hers she's talking about hers oh that's
okay I'll plug it in so anyway that's
how our mornings shaping out lots of
school and he's going to resume see you
soon long division
says Native Americans they're working on
a project long division my friend it's a
little bit of a struggle she I love you
really like long division do you like
long division I bet once you master it
you're getting there a couple problems
the girls like oh no oh no problems
again we're getting close but we're not
letting her move on until she can do it
without anybody saying anything her
could we keep having to like she'll be
like oh what's next I can't all right so
she's working on one know that tomorrow
we can move on to the next lesson
all right so I'm gonna walk away because
what I did last time and she did pretty
good cop I was getting better don't come
just don't even come near you until you
have the answer she has a test there's a
test coming up so what are you doing you
had to print some stuff out the ematic
for thematic I see the word like a theme
it's like a knot yeah
theme as in and they're done two pages
but they're double sided so does four
needles winds up do you guys don't
really have deadlines just whatever you
get it done then you can move on to and
you're doing it on the Native Americans
and you choose Native Americans or were
you assigned so you're learning about
the Native American thing
and I'm continued gotta research it got
a teach yourself it's daddy the type of
teacher that does the work for you or
makes you do it okay well they're good
for me cuz he's like I was his job I'm
searchin he'll get like the exact they
ready to be ready I'm gonna leave like
he just disappears
do I he's searched but look at this it's
like woman woman woman woman woman woman
because I'm saying it for Roman no it's
women women I say women you say well
sure I'm gonna get them some water and
we're gonna get what are you commenting
down below woman or women it's but
there's one is what a singular woman one
man woman is singular women is plural
yeah woman one is ma mm like women with
like an e in the word women it is do you
guys have discussions like this at your
house too there is an e in the plural
even though you probably haven't like
why is Aidan's car seat in the car
cause my mom couldn't get it oh I just
saw that I turned the camera on the film
and I'm like
uh okay anyway
Haley doesn't have her seatbelt on
correctly
so everybody watch how you properly wear
a seatbelt perfect Haley is
demonstrating how not to wear her
seatbelt and then how to wear the
seatbelt thank you for that
demonstration Haley all right we're
taking anniebanany to Manders house
manda Amanda Kenley's come on Amanda is
really good friend and also the place
where Luna stays and is trained and all
that so she gets a sleepover and
horseback riding lessons but she's gonna
work in the morning that's part of the
reason that the sleepover is a great
idea because she's gonna learn what it's
like morning chores so Annie's going
with a camera I'm not saying she can
film like a whole morning chores but she
can give us kind of like an update and
kind of like that so no pressure Annie
don't forget
just regular whatever you would when you
wake up late my mom's go so like I'm not
filming every single thing right you
just
just get us a little bit of stuff
alright so that's the update we then are
gonna go Haley's had a birthday party to
go to so we got to go pick out a
birthday present though the parties this
weekend but we need to get the present
now and you guys can you believe that
the rock your hair concert is Sunday
like all of a sudden this is the moments
here like Nicole was just here and now
she's gonna be back and this time she's
bringing their children brush their ship
name line of their brother and sisters
and that's a little weird
put their brush we can just call them
brush siblings ship what's y'all's
sibling ship name
Aylee or what i forgot i lost my thought
drain again that's it Oh rock your hair
I was gonna shamelessly plug because
when I think of brush I think of
shamelessly plugging he's all he taught
us the art of how to a shameless plug um
rock your hair today's video is gonna be
out Friday yes there's still time to buy
tickets you're in the DC area and we are
still tickets you better act quick if
you want VIP but I'm sure they're gonna
cut the tickets off so you might want to
get them ASAP before they stop selling
tickets who knows and that was it that's
the shameless plug we're gonna have so
much fun so the driver next to his guys
is that is not nice on a pretty person
not a person Hey
hey buddy hey we be friends you're so
cute I'll always Drive he had his little
nose up enough crack he just won a
million you're so precious want to go
home with me
he's like I'm not looking at you I might
get in trouble your friend would want
these I don't think he's that much of
one
she's had her friend a tomboy so I
figured your friend some offensive to be
a tomboy like girly girls yes he doesn't
like pink she doesn't want boys
extra-large are you sure the legs are
you sure how about a men's toiletry bag
men's dress shoes we're just in the
men's section and we remember you saying
that she was kind of not like a girly
girl but if she's changed this is a
friend from Hayley's old school what is
she's a total girly girl hey I bet you
she'll love whatever you get her cuz
it's the thought that counts
we're gonna go to Claire's which is kind
of girly girl yeah I redid my room so
cute and we're here at her hello we're
doing school I just rode yep that's an
English um well Frode lucky and now
we're gonna be school for like 20 hours
can't wait let's do it so I'm going to
do why not
oh I got her this but fuck I think she
will love these little ears all right
here it is so it's this little I don't
know what they call these I'm probably
really dumb for not knowing what they
call these little hangs comment down
below what they call MIT and you would
think what they're called he's cold
they're like yeah I don't know but
they're little best friend things yep
there are necklace and then we have
these little Christmas bracelet green
give white well this is like a white
with green these little dots in there if
you can see that kind of gold and we got
a red oh and we have one more thing we
have this little Christmas sanitizer
it's like a little Christmas tree I
thought was really cute hmm oh and I
didn't get it a lot of stuff but I've
ordered this little bag that says happy
happy birthday let's just have little
things in the back say happy so yeah
okay I think we should have a party what
I don't know
oh geez you're obsessed I won't let her
get acrylics so sometime happening every
once in a while we get these little
press-on nails I wish they make them a
little shorter no I'm gonna cut them no
they'll you can't just cut those then
you have a file um and paint them again
so no I just say we should have a party
cuz you know not because Annie's not
here like that sounds mean but I mean
just like a fake party or we could do
this this is cool - are you sure you've
been keeping there's not wait then put
that - and see if there's a sec I'm so
curious there's got to be a six oh okay
I mean I thought it was an odd well it
can be both is that right did you change
it if you change it every day we could
ask Siri does Google answer questions I
mean it does hey Google how many days
until Christmas Christmas Day will be in
2015 you just went red and green I
didn't film that wait wait hey Google
how many days till Christmas Christmas
Day will be in ten sixteen wait if we do
something else
hey Google wins Christmas no Christmas
Day is on Monday December 25th 2017
there you go
I was gonna ask Siri but we've got Siri
and Google now 20 all right 26 days oh
my goodness yep my dog just got into a
dog fight if I had the camera so this is
the story because it was kind of
dramatic it was the I wanted to go put
the dogs outside yeah because they've
been in for a little while I mean you no
need to go do their their business
and I couldn't find Winnie and I said
hey let's go
side whinny and she didn't come because
usually I say let's go outside or I ring
the bell and they'll all come outside
well when he didn't want to come so wait
Winnie the story's about you you should
at least be present Winnie Winnie GG so
I found Winnie laying by the food bin
and she looked like she was chewing it
because it was wet so she wanted to it
was the plastic container that we keep
the food in and I said come on when he
lets go outside and she wouldn't go so I
went to grab when he by the collar and I
was pretty sure she had a little
attitude going but I was you know I'm
not scared of the dogs but I thought she
was kind of angry looking like that she
so but I went to grab her anyway and she
started to growl and Piper out of
nowhere
busting and started attacking and like I
guess she was protecting me but I mean
full-fledged dogs bite like I happy so I
look for something cuz I wasn't gonna
get in the middle of it I was looking
for like a bat but there was no bat this
is a real dog bite so all I could find
was one of their bowls
I picked the bowl up but - was pretty
much done at that point but and then
Haley comes running down was crazy
I wonder what Andy's doing
roll the clip to Annie and Amanda hi why
not use take your shoes off and stay a
while it's time to get ready for bed
time to brush your teeth and time to go
to sleep ok and time for the question of
the day I texted it to Annie
so maybe Annie and Amanda will do it and
the question today is what is one
you're learning to do right now the
ukulele and long division which we're
gonna continue tomorrow hi
troublemaker hi you're bad Wendy that
was not sweet what you did to me today
no it was not
you don't growl over food she's usually
doesn't do that but I could just
occasionally but usually it's the dog a
dog not coming after me you meanie I
think I get you in big trouble oh oh
that's all right she rushed khun's yes
you miss me do you miss them all right
my friends today was a good day
roll the clip to Annie so we are done
school um we got 95 it's on my question
I say we do she helped me with math she
was like all of them but I got it now I
know how to do it yeah is what are you
learning how to do so I was something
you were kind of like yes like mine is
I'm learning how to horseback ride and
my name's by myself I did cantering
where's lucky day I know what I'm
learning to do there you what about in
school what are you learning
what am I think that's getting the
ratios and percents percentages does
anything in your learning Finn Accra
she's just too good for the learning
process I already know everything I just
don't learn anything she doesn't need to
learn anything else I'm learning how to
tutor any in that that's that's true I'm
gonna come over here like every week
we're gonna turn it down I bring a
secret map I'm just like my Mac Mini yay
thanks Annie hey that was a great answer
all right guys we'll see you tomorrow
comment down below what's one thing
you're learning see you tomorrow
Hey
II remember to celebrate babe thanks for
watching
Vitaly
