Vidia this shadow video is from 500,000
subscribers size half of it oh yes oh my
my money now let's get on with the show
this Instagram shout-out goes to Oh
underscore no underscore its underscore
our way go follow them on Instagram
tell them potato suits you they suggest
it and you can catch em you know what I
mean I'll explain so here's how it's
gonna work
we have this list here that says all the
nine items that could be in this can now
if we have no idea what I have it is our
we're going to read that later and so
what my mom went ahead and did I should
put like number is on the bottom of the
I know if you can see it but she did
that so so when they read this no all
the number on this so we have this bowl
and all the numbers are there's been
here so they're gonna draw and whatever
number we get we have two oh we can each
pick two and whatever two numbers we get
we have to eat within you can soon as we
know what it is so it could be something
gross you know it it is still not eat it
something always related
oh okay
whatever this man or six that's a nice
okay smart
that's a seven that's a - that's a six
well in our mass destruction and alcohol
was opening
you
good I like it I my defense I tried it
when I was blindfolded so it did taste
good because I number one of course how
it's gonna be the worst in you let's get
Alanna me quickly tell we're just we're
gonna be fine I'll be back to our town
yeah it is already tell
I'm sorry
oh yeah
you know you should go at the same time
really yeah dog that's disgusting
hey one look like you got a cherry three
pennies the governess
would you eat some more better or worse
than the one okay so this again my turn
okay hey can we tell you something that
wasn't chili don't like chili I know we
wanted you guys to think it was don't
move
thank you guys so much for 500,000
subscribers I hope you enjoyed these
shoutout video since it's been first tip
done line and so I want to say that we
are trying to get millions a week and
shove up high my mom's late so don't
forget to subscribe right now so we can
get their bleep back now I'm gonna watch
the pressure day which is what is the
worst food you have ever the worst food
I mean I haven't tasted yet but I'm
gonna today
I don't like that 9 cooks chili at all
oh that's fam oh no it's not it's not
food in my chili
oh my do not like barbecue ribs I like
really just don't like are you doing
spam spam I'm Hailie some chili all
right don't forget to comment down below
because we were no question the day is
what is the most horrible food you see
by me oh yeah I feel like a picture for
huh Beth hide yeah yeah she's won a huge
Avengers she wondered what Dean's not
gonna do because they're what the
insects
Beibei thanks for watching Britt Haley
