today on Bailey good morning guys we are
about to pop - holiday toy showcase and
it is a little rainy outside and my mom
is supposed to get beautiful she didn't
know Britain was good I had umbrellas
but there's a car you know access to
that so like a little wet
yeah I'm afraid oh just home now
good morning Haley that ali-money way
home
here have it
nice that's so classy
so dirty now go kit there that's a very
red bell to the time to play magazines
already gonna baby you know Eddie ho -
why don't you know are you ready
oh I'm Annie Freddie hey Freddie hungry
I'm hungry let's go Freddie
okay got it right so no no what are you
gonna do when you get there I'm gonna
eat you want all their snacks all of
them all of them what about if they see
me then I'll eat them okay okay see you
when we get that right you're up okay
crap
that's hailey
yeah
let's see your super
say mommy bird Haley oh no this is Katie
over daily
hey Jonah kitties mama
who'd you find did you find Julian
hi
right
yeah
the CEO and editor-in-chief at ttpm gym
summer good morning and welcome in 2014
TT p.m. will have open over 5000
products we will play with them review
them and film them this includes toys
baby product pet toys kids electronics
video games we cover it all
now the question I'll hear from now
until Christmas Jim what's the hot toy
well I hear this every day
there's no one hot toy come time
Thanksgiving they'll be about 10 toys
sold out then around December 10th 15th
there 3040 toys sold out there hot toys
in every categories today we launched
our peoples play awards now we run this
the last three years and this is this
whole feature of 50 companies over 120
toys so America make their wish list now
you go to people's play awards com you
can vote speaking of online movers and
shakers in the business we have some
special kids here today they're the
largest kid personalities in the toys
and video space they're sitting right up
front and I'd like to introduce brought
a li and their family also kittiesmama
and somebody who probably doesn't need
any introduction he was on Good Morning
America and that is Evan to HD and his
family
so here's Kris Pearn content director of
ttpm and lower layer editor to introduce
our most wanted list among the most
popular are the Disney frozen Elsa of
arendelle doll and the music magical an
adult book hotel and the Disney frozen
snow blow Elsa's from Jack's specific
rings interactive play to a large doll
super popular snowman Olaf comes to life
and Disney frozen sing and swing all off
from just play and it seems like every
little girl wants to be Elsa we've seen
kids already on the street playing as
Elsa now they can with the Disney frozen
Elsa musical light-up dress from Jack
specific it's great for Halloween and
your wrap play and an actual sparkly
magic to be must have costume for this
year next ice needs to meet Mutant Ninja
Turtles there is nothing hotter in the
boys Isle this holiday season and it's
going to be the most ones at Halloween
costume as well but as with frozen is
not just one item but pretty much
everything in figures vehicles role play
in almost any product category so
representing the turtles are some of the
centerpiece of the toy lines a
collection of action figures from
playmates toys what's important to note
about this line is that there really is
something for everyone because this is a
legacy read from active toddler to avid
collector these are Teenage Mutant Ninja
Turtles thanks we're all on our second
trend of powered-up
preschool innovative design and either
licensed or original characters are
inspiring active engaged and narrative
based play but appropriate for a tech
driven world so first up is the
Imaginext DC Superfriends RC
transforming back by the combination of
Batman Imaginext
and some high-tech magic is a winning
combination this toy has been flying
under the radar since it was launched
which you'd expect from Batman but it's
already extremely hot this is the
Imaginext DC Super Friends RC
transforming back bot from fisher-price
the go-go's smart animals zoo explorers
place that combines it wonderful with
little classic animals with an
interactive learning platform and that
turns animals into vehicles because why
and this is part of a whole line that
also works with the gogo smart wheels
vehicles this is the gogo smart animals
zoo explorers playset I'm a tech thanks
and I see there's one other preschool
character who continues to be a huge hit
doc McStuffins last year we predicted
the doc McStuffins get better check-up
center was going to be a huge hit and if
you've got one late in the season you
got lucky
the get better talking mobile continues
that proven play pattern allowing kids
to imagine that their doc McStuffins
themselves and taking care of their toys
and helping them get over whatever ails
them this is the doc McStuffins
get better talking 'mobile from just
play and our final toy representing this
trend was in huge demand last holiday
season appearance or clamoring for it
but unfortunately there were no toys to
be had this year however the hit show
paw Patrol has inspired a full line of
toys based on the well written to me
that appeals to boys and girls while all
the paw patrol toys are blowing out the
head of the collection is going to be
this one the paw patrol lookout playset
from Spin Master for real friends
continues to be a powerhouse product
line and laughter both the monkey and
the kitty sold out in December this year
Hasbro is also reintroducing get up and
go build my walkin pup which is going to
be a big seller too but though on the
bait artist is for real friends haha
pandas are very popular in the culture
at large right now and this toy is
wonderfully engineered completely
engaging and so stinking cute
this is real friends pom pom my baby
panda from Hasbro shopkins imagines what
would happen if everything in your
supermarket came to life and pockets and
backpacks have been stuffed with these
things since they first came out this is
going to continue to be a hit you're out
holiday season this is just one
representation of the shopkins
collection from moose toys a puppy
surprise is back and while we indulge
McAuliffe retro but there is no such
thing as retro to kids every toy has to
earn its place with that puppy surprise
is doing just that
it was the most flipped on toy at ttpm
throughout the month of September and
it's out of stock everywhere no one else
and tracked this business saw this
coming
right design a classic nurturing play
and a little bit of surprise make this a
hot new toy for 2014 this is a puppy
surprise from just play last year Zoomer
the robotic dog was a set up this year
spin masters go on one better with
Zoomer Dino adding a remote control
lots of play and easier to control on
shall we say a little bit of an
unpredictable personality the high tech
is truly awesome but it really takes a
backseat in the play and that's why it
made our list this is Zoomer Dino from
Spin Master making our list of this year
is the New York
strike elite mega Thunder Bo it's
dramatic and powerful and it uses lifte
mega darts to create a unique and
engaging a plasterer experience this is
the nerf n-strike elite nigga thunder
boat from hasbro though we've seen a lot
of fly RC and we've kind of driven
ourself crazy trying to master them but
we've never seen anything like this
before the Hot Wheels Street Hawk remote
control lion car is the easiest most
satisfying and most impressive flying RC
we have tried today we have this flying
and amazing people virtually out of the
box from smooth takeoff to astonishing
flight to easy landing this is a true
breakthrough product this is the Hot
Wheels Street Hawk remote-control flying
car from Mattel this is the DaVinci
stylist or vanity complete design kit
from Hasbro and it's representative of
what you can do with this versatile
compound that comes in lots of on-trend
and classic colors and a lot of kids to
decorate them to meet anything there's a
whole line of this stuff but be careful
and you pick it up because you might not
want to put it down this is da Vinci
from Hasbro it's wacky tivities kinetic
sand
it's real sand in a base that never
dries out its moldable and holds its
shape but what's truly addictive and I
mean it is what happens when you get
your hands and it feels so cool and you
can just sit and play with it for hours
you really need to experience it if you
haven't it's virtually no desk it comes
in a variety of colors as well as basic
sand color it's blowing on it sports
it's already really hard to get this is
wacky Tiffany's kinetic sand from Spin
Master last year Crayola have a few chip
if it's marker maker and this year the
paint maker is going to be just as hot
with an innovative color blending system
that's super fun and mixing mechanism
and a high quality paint as a result
this really reflects the trend toward
customization
kids can make any color on the spectrum
to suit your creativity we think this is
going to inspire all some budding
artists to play experiment and paint
this is the effects maker from Crayola
thanks Mattel's Hot Wheels workshop
airbrush Auto designer that's kids
create and customize a special Hot
Wheels car on this one a lot actually
last year the car maker was sold out in
December and we expect this to be a sell
out as well it's great engaging classic
creative play and a terrific price point
this is the Hot Wheels workshop airbrush
Auto designer from the town we've got a
sensational marriage of construction and
Technology it's called Lego fusion and
this is a town master set in addition to
great quality in the product of course
and elegant technology this really
reflects the seamless way kids playing
moving fluidly between physical and
virtual worlds kids build and play and
build a play making the most of classic
construction and advanced at play this
is the Lego fusion town master from Lego
this is the Kidizoom SmartWatch from
VTech and this is the leap band from
leapfrog
mine is a full-featured watch with voice
recorder time selling and learning games
lamont capitalizes on the fitness band
craze to encourage kids to get up an
active mine has a built in camera for
video or skill photography and miner
wars them with characters for being
active and encourages good lifestyle
choices such as healthy eating courses
the point is that these are both very
different products that are completely
on trend
both are technologically advanced and
packed with features and price well so
that whichever one kids want or parents
choose they're going to have an
outstanding play on learning
these are the using smart watch from
VTech and a leaf and some bleep frog and
that is our very trendy most wanted list
for 2014
it's gonna hurt
you
Oh
in your house and go and then you go and
find it and margaritas boss that I love
No
scared you're scared of a dinosaur you
see the dinosaur
Haley come on we're going to get a
picture I bet he's a nice dinosaur oh I
got blood boy is like hyper just like it
is kind of frightening I won't lie
good boy okay all right yeah you can pet
him he's gonna be good let's get a
picture
tell me the good boy I didn't let me see
the good boy yes good boy yeah you're a
good boy okay all right didn't like that
one I know he did like that good boy
yeah yeah oh he's looking in the camera
man
oh yeah
probably gonna be bread
you
he's gonna find it yeah he in the magic
camp
you're gonna buy
and now we wait and rise to get here
and where is our uber gonna take her to
any dinner in New York I like the way
you think I got through that he is going
to be here any second now
visiting it's really lovely
Haley's teaching us how to boil eggs
okay hello camera oh my god you're not
hyper re oh here you hyper did we feed
you too much sugar here you are you
saying something yeah it isn't really
cool out here tonight isn't it they just
came out of the luggage store and look
at this humongous building I love my
daddy
and all my daddy's shoulders right here
whoopsies I'm on my daddy's shoulders so
I have a great view
ah
and to the right there's like a story we
got back from you later
and we have daddy here with me I am his
very scary and I'm really scared
I know George all fancy yeah that boys
and girls rooms right yeah we're gonna
get a nice fancy one you Cheers
oh hello slumber party vodka please you
might as well refill this you're we're
gonna we're gonna be all fancy drink it
wisely
it's like blood all right
what often yeah I know okay your bed
it's like blood I do the rest
good night the dogs good sir Knight or
woman but you're both served a baby
thanks for watching
Britt Ailey
you
