we're like putting people's names on a
piece of paper and we told you it was
for a rock your hair party Annie
surprised got it
almost got it
got it
okay fix that hurts okay good morning
today at least I thought we were
starting out with horseback riding so I
got ready for it though okay but then my
mom's like okay go to school I'm like
wow he's gonna burst back ridin turns
out that he is getting the video up and
now I've gotta do school my hair is
curly because I hot and braids there's
this one piece that does not like me
okay so it's time to go horseback ride
hide your hair I can braid your hair I
can braid your hair Haley I can break up
doing laundry
I can braid your hair I'm busy
yes okay okay so before and after turn
find out who did what I did yes yeah I
did a bunch down so that's what we're
doing we're gonna go to school now and
then go horseback riding no we're going
are we yeah daddy's ready Oh what is
this T's doing
okay I don't know I did it
three came to be oh definitely not
so we are on our way to Amanda's house
Watson oh nice how long would it take to
drive to Louisiana longer than I'm
willing to drive
okay so I had my hair in braids but I
had one piece down like this now there's
like one straight piece and like the
rest is curly so it looks kind of weird
yeah so I'm excited he's attacked at it
subsided a world red oh now he's
stealing a driving okay bye
hey look at the paint job today
this is officially Lunas first trail
ride
man is driving we take Amanda and smash
this and she's gonna drive up to her
mailbox no handbrake on somebody let go
of the brake we'll roll okay
the camera is right there I don't use
the camera I don't think you're not a
are you we're getting all of youse on
your test that's weird
wow you're good at this
that's weird
how's school going
how's school going okay I have to tell
you something so good okay so you know
that Haley it was down here listening to
something when Nicole was here and we
were like putting people's names on a
piece of paper and we told you it was
for a rock your hair party Annie
surprised were throwing you a 13th
birthday party in LA it's a surprise
party we had thought about doing a
surprise party but there was like but
invitations just went out we didn't we
were gonna surprise Martin the surprise
was gonna be bringing some your friends
from here but they couldn't come we've
invited some of them where well we can't
tell you where because it's invite-only
we'll tell you but it's gonna be like
okay like there's gonna be some fun
things that was like a big trampoline
thing oh yeah the theme is flying into
13 are you surprised yeah I was hoping
to do like a surprise party for you you
knew it
would you say she said something like
yeah like we're gonna do one for you but
I was like what and she's like we didn't
tell her that was a party so she just
must have known did you know it was a
party for Annie we thought about all
kinds of stuff like that
party I let my hair um rolling into
10 Reds would be a roller skate okay
pins a big number or roller um I skating
I skate so it could be sliding or gating
into him okay also I'm so excited about
this thing I like just found out thing
thingamajigger I'm missing the word
thing from your vocabulary I probably
say thing a lot cuz I remember my dad
telling me that my little you just said
thing like three times what things are
you excited about that's boy what's in
it
yeah third at the camera see if it land
on Julia Wow okay so because that of
this stuff this is my birthday party so
I'm going to shop in my closet and I
have an outfit picked out for an event
that we're going to write concert the
concert for the concert and find
something for the concert or I might
wear that for the concert buy something
for my birthday party but we're going to
shoot go shopping my clothes let's go
mommy
kanpai / be invited to my birthday party
GG can Jesus my emotional support dog
GG's my emotional support dog fell like
what is this he's caught the kids oh no
I should never see more days before ok
well yeah that's what we're done alright
this is an option for the stage I don't
know that I would have her in this
jacket just no no I think on the stage
it works turn around
but you'd have to have a jacket so now
I'm gonna clean my room now we got to
find shoes we're gonna go shop in my
closet scoot back this is always the
best way to do it like take a picture
and see like in person no I think you
need a smaller jacket shorter yeah all
right well the hunt continues it'll work
if we can't find anything else it's it's
cute
I think shorter would be cuter alright
so right now we are cleaning while I'm
cleaning someone's not it looks very
nice I can't walk I can't belong guys
everyone say look what we have we have a
foot so I'm in the for right now it's
really just a bunch of blankets it's our
Christmas fort we make a for every year
sleep in it for 25 days until Christmas
we're not to build one on that way
mm-hmm that's me fine so yeah that's
what we're doing back daily whoa
this is sideways okay Wow I'm great show
you a little tour of my messy room we
have the dresses that I never use and I
don't know why I had them then we have
this to big shirt then we have my
suitcase but no reason why is it sitting
there don't know and then we have all
the dirty clothes behind here because I
don't have my laundry hamper right now
because it's in the laundry it's not in
the laundry but all the money I have my
good jobs and slow this and I need to
get more stuff yeah I left everything in
LA and then all of the clothes that
don't fit me and then all of the clothes
that I just got all this because this is
old but this is like a box that I don't
know why this tape on it
there's bracelets on it there's a
there's a little pumpkin with sparkles
on it from a video a DIY video and just
gonna put that right there
we have as our bags we have the Y's
everything cook good and then we have
have this bag and then we have this bag
and then we have stitch and a horse and
then we have American dural Girl doll
and we have coral um okay I have a lot
of stuff my room and the only thing
pretty clean in here is about to be me
because I'm about to take a bath mm-hmm
so nothing is clean in here so and then
we have my whoa oh I thought there was
someone in the background I was like no
and then we have a beef or potato and I
don't know what well it's from a DIY
video again Baldy ow
and then we have headphones and their
pink baby pink kind of cone um we have
this chair we have the subscribe pillow
yes and we have this we have this we
have everything messy I mean have my
phone most important thing and oh it's
blurry
okay help you need help okay choosing
which hairstyle I should try okay yes
okay and a new coffee a hot chocolate
coffee / water no water
same hot mug hot chocolate mug that's
very pity and we have 21 me and Annie
have 20 ones yes 120 ones o 21
yeah yep so the question today is is
your room normally messy or mean messy
oh yeah that is true my room is probably
normally clean that is cleaner than
orange so don't forget to comment below
you wanna know the question of the day
is would you bet oh oh would you rather
it is your bed usually you net out well
as your room usually messier clean
remember to celebrate baby
thanks for watching
Vitaliy
