now we are but and this is Mobius I mean
this is not amazing so I'm not gonna get
it is a leotard there's something in it
but we just got Fatima in the back when
we should get back or that yeah cuz
Piper got in the bathtub with Bailey or
tried to I should say and so I said
Piper you can have a bath when Hayley
get out she likes the water she loves
the water
okay let's get moving
oh let's take her clothes off um these
are her clothes um she only has a collar
there we go Piper okay plug the drain oh
and start the water oh hi not hot in the
bathtub
he's got a bath outside it's time to
watch the dirt off your Todd young lady
wait check it first before you board
honors
you're good okay don't get it in her
eyes just like you get on her back
you really got to work hard I'm not
getting wet because that's who we owe
your after where to genetics today you
have a preteen leotard just have to wear
that on certain days when today is one
of those days you get wet it'll Drive
let's not get soaked and let's not get
soaked
love the water you've got to stop
squirting would you doubt Pfeiffer get
back in the water go oh right we're
gonna do it we finally got her back in
and she said what did Toshi do
she had Talent I watched the video and
she we were waiting for a cake on us oh
come on how she smelled good Robert
dry pal bring the talent hear me right
go outside and get my day it's raining
raining well it rained earlier so it's
mighty she's gonna go get dirty we have
waited our day to the to us and his kid
shower
no no magic is over here should you say
why not awesome kid show step welcome so
today we check our mail and we got so
much stuff that they to put it into a
ginormous buck
to 20 seconds after you sat down he's
gonna wake your sister oh yeah magic Ely
is not expensive Ellis watch I'm gonna
show you something really creepy and I'm
not doing this to make fun of her just
so that when she watches this video one
day she could have proof that she sleep
with her eyes open
Annie had to order a backup pair of
grips and they just now came in because
she smells know what in the world who's
that from yeah Simon wait what's from
they ordered it from Toys R Us why thank
you whoever is probably down below if
you sent it they're fine they're all
gonna comment down below I sent that
they Kailyn was even one person fine
definite look all right drive got an
idea oh we're gonna cut the video off
open all the stuff and then show you
guys some of the stuff that we're not
that'll work
Wow touch it blip oh my god these from
Elizabeth Elizabeth to somebody hold on
to from Tyler Texas
love your videos and your awesome to
Julianne okay after we open this one
daddy got one out yeah I was trying to
cut out all the boring stuff this is not
boring you sure yes you guys are the
nicest people Elizabeth to Giuliana this
to Piper are you kidding why are there
so many frisbee hyper cars old like all
you can play Lizzie who's this from box
lots there a note I don't see what it
says box are the bounds as box lots and
Ohio there's usually a note when I just
gave her a bone today okay let's playing
forever be in the house now wonderful
it's like wow
yeah so nice thank you
you're such a brother where that's an L
probably this present would come any in
Harry but like to ask these signals and
monkey new are loaded yeah when you were
a baby you were a money pit
oh really she's heard that story how'd
you hear that like to watch their videos
or something I know does it connect this
yeah there's been fun Haley's missing
out on all the fun and then while
they're opening that Hayden since these
I believe Caden sent fish this is what
it is cool ass like to do giant can do
for were giant oh I get it now we've
found lower think about it we'll have a
little science lesson here oh you do
this fronts of work how do you think it
works take a look at it Haley I'll stop
it yeah okay which makes that rope what
okay
scat oh right and then when it gets
tighter it makes his hands twist because
it's a member haylie those are little
American Girl dolls she's gonna flip out
when she sees it
oh yeah boss
oh man fresh out Cassie Hansen everyone
well we are going to go to the quiz of
the day and I am so like I don't know
I'm overwhelmed because it I was so
sweet of you guys to send that stuff to
us and so thank you thank you thank you
thank you you kidding this is not your
shoe size try chew and chew sound yours
I was on this like no let's do the
cruise of the night and then you can
chew on it sooner Senora okay he picked
spin net in a museum part Lord's house
with friends I love yous Nick Park
haunted house
woo with friends or spent a week on a
museum park boat ride boat ride
okay so yeah don't forget Optima looks
if you want to know the night in
amusment park on your house with friends
hi we're starting to watch an amusement
park boat ride it's not a rush of the
day is who's the funniest person you
always said there's the funniest person
you know definitely muscle okay no I was
just my daddy you know yeah i'm yes i
know you guys that's funny
hmm what you're funny no I know
somebody's like a - girlfriend goodbye
you can keep recording need some
business - no no so I had to go catch
him so yeah by tomorrow
thanks for watching
breath Taylor
