today I don't know what the official day
for fall is is it the 21st or the 22nd
Chiney well today's the 22nd
let's go google it and see what's the
first day of fall
but even if yesterday was the first day
of fall and today's a second day of fall
it is still officially fall it is
another gorgeous day out here okay let's
not cartwheel by stairs you could see
why that's a bad idea right
a dozen dead yep another beautiful day
we've heard like three gorgeous days in
a row and well-liked in the roaming like
- what's today like one day was a
beautiful day and then the next day was
a beautiful day and then today's a
beautiful day in a row like didn't skip
any days we didn't have any yucky days
in there
let's go explore we haven't been back
here in a while
like all the way in the back I can't
wait my my favorite favorite season is
fall and I can't wait until these leaves
start to change colors oh I can't wait
pepperiness knack where'd she get that
that is like a snack out of the pantry
Piper what have we told you about eating
snacks before dinner time
no we haven't eaten dinner yet but
apparently Piper helped herself to a
snack Piper you got to get let us get
close enough to at least see that we
want to see your beautiful face she
thinks I'm gonna take it from her what
pink that is not pink that is purple and
you remember my rule about eating
berries right some berries I'm not
eating though they are berries and
you're right you're not gonna eat them
look at God all over you
we're not gonna berries they are yeah
you gotta go wash your hands now that
will stain your outfit let's go ask
daddy and see if he knows I don't
remember having these last year I don't
know do you know about berries they're
all over aha
whole bunch of them I don't remember
them from last chattering me a wild
blueberry but you're not gonna eat them
ever right straight ahead come on clean
my ham okay me too thank goodness daddy
just googled it right yep so pokeweed
which has red stems and berries that
look like small grapes poisonous
it says children who eat a barrier to of
not likely to develop symptoms but
eating several berries can cause summit
distress pain nausea and vomiting oh
good thing you didn't eat one right
you're gonna throw up and your tummy's
gonna hurt and you might have to go to
the doctor but we're okay since we
touched them right mm-hmm
okay good we didn't eat them that's
right that's why you never eat berries
unless you know that they're not play
organs should be taught I'll never be
very wild berries unless they first
checked it the other day we followed
rules tonight eat wild berries any kind
of berry
from the German sometimes I do that room
but today I did not finish that's all
I'm doing it in the car I'm doing this
right now and they just picked me up and
now we're going to meet our self
organize itself
how much longer do you have
eight minutes
like seventeen seventy percent of your
battery
living on the edge well I know I put
this right here and then my mom says
that I have to keep my room so yesterday
we were just having fun with TV and
dress my god
zippers not working for me sorry let's
see got it
and it's really cool because you don't
really have a lot of clothes for Kiki
and we just got her clothes for American
Girl dolls but they fit tightly and
things perfectly
so we're setting her up with Matt and
making her like me sassette come up to
this down right now sweating dresser and
I'll show you and then you can help me
clean my room so now I'm gonna here's
what she looks like back into her room
and I didn't have any but dramas for her
I'm doing my bed all night and you're
wondering tomorrow hair is power with
the shirt in it cuz I would do this
festival and you got my hair done and
they said it's better to sleep on silk
but we had nothing soap but our Under
Armour I was the closest Under Armour
shirts which was closest um we could
find just soaked so I slept returned one
of my dad's shirts has a pillowcase it
was comfy and I still haven't went ahead
and take any guff it wasn't long ago
so here's or what it looks now and I
will show you what it looks after well
now I'm done took me about 30 minutes
and here is blank it um taking action
taker Miami the cap and the taker
alright hello hey he rejected desk stuff
then dresser end up there so you threw
it over there the only thing that's not
clean as that spot right there because I
do not know where that goes
yeah now I'm just going to go downstairs
and get the question of the day mommy do
you know if it's boxer book I think I
think yesterday was box yeah it was I
said today's book I'm gonna go do it
okay city now Haley's coming me ask you
here I am here here which everyone to
stop stop
it rains every time you laugh or people
around you laugh every time you cry it
rains every time you laugh rains every
time you ask because that would lastly
be sad it's you cry not cool so yeah so
don't forget to comfortable locks but
you wanna know the question today is it
rains every time you laugh or people
around you laugh when you cry ha feels
good to be in a nice clean room didn't
feel worth it but now I know it is and
he is saying goodbyes dad thank you to
boobs I'm so don't go to prison today I
would rather it rain every time I laugh
because I would be kind of rude people
laughing every time I cry so yeah won't
wanna be in that scenario okay so
remember come down below because you
want to know the question today is would
you rather would you rather it rained
every time you laugh or people laugh
every time you cry see you tomorrow
thanks for watching Britt Haley
