okay okay yeah hey Duncan till nuts
I like donut yeah good work for them
right now I would be there dancing donut
it's a great way I just start off today
ooh
did you just make that up yeah I'm a
vice she read your mind
yeah and Annie tell them but what you
said about this movie it's like there
are two oh there's like two flies and
they're like Caleb's are there's like to
cater why would I talk about stuff
random stuff yeah I know you like crap
rapping flies like what they poop well I
like they like our thighs
that's disgusting what are we putting
into your brain garbage I tell you
literally bunny garbage literally I
think they do don't get it okay so she
said no they only wanna kill because the
other ones me Oh
oh my gosh your tooth is really growing
in look at that
okay comment down below how fast our
horses father is coming in oh we want
that I gotta unlock it see I've been
what is it 15 miles per hour
no faster than that so we are and we're
going to face z-value and my mom is dead
I'm uploading the video right now we're
testing out this cool cellular pending
so that we get upload in the car and if
we like it we're gonna get one and that
cool driving down the road uploading a
video pretty cool Oh only a hundred and
seventeen minutes remaining
109 sign me up nope it's dropping its
dropping cuz at home my upload takes
like 10 minutes so this is it gonna be
quite as fast but in an emergency would
be cool
in a quarter-mile make it I don't think
having a caution of risk of having video
being up they speaking English I am with
not alia mercilessly you don't think the
video going up on it's not an emergency
it's like but it would be nice to get
the video up you know that day instead
of like if it what if we were in the
good examples well if we were in a hotel
room hi and for some reason their Wi-Fi
was broken yeah and sometimes hotel
rooms
wi-fi's are really really slow so this
is way faster we're already down to 20
minutes it's zooming I could hit up
there oh she's playing out of her neck
after an over there I could you pull up
for more gymnastic at the park video
yeah hey hey we're hanging at the park
before the game to start under gonna be
you're gonna climb it into V okay go who
is that of someone coming down the side
not bad
I made it Danny
you're welcome I got you your very own
horse and we got you your very own
elephant since you wouldn't ride the
elephant yesterday it's a baby elephant
oh that's what it is hey you got your
breakfast still on your face saving that
relator yeah that's breakfast that's
chocolate that's a chocolate from her
doughnut you found a dandelion down the
hill don't know if you guys can see but
it's pretty steep baby Dan there Oh
awesome
no uphill Haley you can't even walk on
your hands yet you just have to practice
handstands and then I can go cartwheel
up you can't do a cartwheel up Never Say
Never
you're gonna ask for something right
well we have more important things to do
than look at my phone one for me and one
for you too yeah Kiki Joshua my sparrows
alien friends oh there's an identical
which one mommy
okay which one in line and which one of
the flimsier words and this Haley how
did you know and you didn't sweat know
the reason makes it just Kiki how my
mine - hello Kiki so there are certainly
nuts and Kiki's because she is now
available for pre-order pre-order if you
want to order
Kiki listen to lances the people who
make sily and friends are doing the Kiki
Kickstarter so if you guys what Kiki to
happen you have to go to their
Kickstarter and pre-order you can
pre-order Kiki for $40 but only for a
limited amount of - Kiki's if you want
kick you for $40 you to go really quick
and pre-order if you wait you may run
out of pre-orders you're gonna have to
get Kiki for $50 so if you don't order
to you or if you can't order Kiki you've
to pledge $10 or whatever amount you
want to help Kiki get started they're
calling it a Kiki starter and the other
exciting news if you want to see our
commercial we were working on then you
you can also see that on Kiki
Kickstarter bumbling below for more
information about how to priority Kiki
how to help to you and our commercial
yay so reflect be hung from two long
games
Caleb's baseball he won both of them and
now all we want to do is play with Kiki
and take her to her first adventure
that's Kiki's like geezers get hers
we're just gonna leave her bears here
because he might lose it on Tripathi
let's see how are we gonna tell our key
keys apart how are we gonna tell our key
keys apart know how are we gonna tell
our key keys apart here let's see our
differences put it on yeah we could but
let's just see just in case what I'm
trying to fix her in there like this
make her write names and put a hit a put
boy so here is mine yeah yeah well
they're getting close on Mary hold yours
up
Hey look come on the day with us so um
you're going to watch Girl Meets World
because we forgot to do it on Friday and
so we're gonna watch that tonight in the
family cuz one of our favorite shows and
we're just going to leave you guys into
the question of the day who we get
braver female who who's your favorite
female athlete what would you ask her if
you met her another one
well she was a relative you rather watch
a sunrise or sunset something happens of
that since that sunrise no it's a sense
that when it goes down
yeah yeah then I want something hey
watch another bedroom some milk sunrise
or sunset rather what would you rather
watch a sunrise or sunset
babe thanks for watching Britt Haley
