today I'm booty we did you card enjoy
your friends meeting your mom and you're
okay now just gotten weird no really I
guess uh good morning everybody will is
morning and we have gymnastics and V of
school and we just started a big victim
to film because we have it filmed in a
long time in the morning so that's what
we're doing right now and we lost the
kid Caleb oh we've got morning hair we
all have morning at her look at Haley's
morning hair a nice morning here
actually doesn't look half bad
I got morning hair look at that Piper's
got morning hair going on it's all good
Caleb hey good boyfriend morning hair
fiber comb your hair good morning
Viper's come on Gina
come on Caleb come eat breakfast here's
some fruit for your breakfast too and
here is the beginning of Annie's lunch
sometimes you eat lunch gym sometimes
eats lunch at home today is one of those
days where she's gonna eat lunch at the
gym we've got on the menu a peanut
butter and jelly uh gogo squeeZ gogo
squeeZ remember that Caleb Caleb name
these gogo squeeZ gogo squeeZ I don't
know why yeah but right goldfish and
some nuts where we have to pick out the
what are my almonds because she doesn't
like almonds when I bought these I'm
like
Oh any love of mixed variety I think she
liked all these nuts I was wrong my
Goins she came home the other day I need
justice - yes
um cashews and whatever those other
stuff in there as a peanut Oh macadamia
yeah but there's no pistachios on the
phone she came home and I have had a bag
full of nuts in here she came home and
had almonds hate every other nut in
there thank you for clearing your plate
you're welcome
let's get this day started about sit
right here all day uh-huh live a busy
day
both of girls have gymnastic ah busy day
okay that's really it school well we had
a busy day an unplanned busy day cuz a
bumpy or Arab or would you prefer lumpy
sky fluffy or look get if I forget what
the blood of cute oh you can fix
yourself sorry
I fixed you the first time you are oh
you do know it won't burn man syrup you
can't burn the Thoreau if you put them
in and don't touch the settings on
toaster they won't burn I've thrown the
throw up your fluffy son bloody son huh
she's idiot - she's not working hard huh
um grading papers
Haley's finishing her worksheet right
here's a better pencil switch it up this
was need to be thrown away the eraser
isn't gone you need a cap eraser and
then the other thing was
this this one was backwards after 29 is
30 but you wrote it backwards
very good
we just checked rpm up and there's what
kind of presents and for what presents
for what why they send them to you what
did you just celebrate okay let me see
if there's a card in there we can say
who it's from
why is a card so we always read the card
first
no read the card first pay no attention
to what's in there is long make up if
you get the message yes wonderful people
who watch our videos Haley from birthday
present so it says but I don't have in
yet who's it from
Kristen Kristen happy birthday Haley
Kristen how did she write - oh she wrote
happy birthday Haley Kristen so there's
a knee cap hey Meg
I think it's nail polish nail polish and
make and that's pretty cool oh gosh I
can't get it out all over this car okay
gonna break your nail polish all over my
phone
whoo okay check it out what is that is
this like bomb oh my gosh you must know
that you love lip balm oh my gosh you're
like reading my mind oh my gosh oh and I
love the sprinkles
it looks like sprinkles oh wow like it
can read my mind your Lunas oh my
goodness a nail file what do you say to
Kristen thank you frisky maybe oh there
is something else in there that's so
cute hand-painted by Wendy Martin pearls
within calm thank you that is awesome
left they're like little wooden like
pieces of wood that are painted this is
from Amanda Oh
oh it has a purse it has the table
dreamed of you what do you say to Amanda
Thank You Kristen and Amanda you guys
are awesome okay there's one more thing
that I want you to look at it's not a
birthday present it's for you and Annie
but Annie's not here but people uh
Lottie sent you some stuff and one of
the packages was open but that's okay
look have you ever heard of these Lottie
have you ever heard of him I don't think
I've ever heard of them I never joke
they are neat huh okay so this is the
box that was open but it was a picnic
set one a ballerina is your the other
one no that's all the dolls there's a
picnic and a picnic blanket that it came
with kindly aces here's the what it came
it came opened it accidentally opened in
the box
oh yeah comes with some picnic stuff and
this one came with is a boogie board er
that is like a circle oh yeah like a
come ahead yeah I guess you can change
either of these dolls either the karate
girl for the ballerina yeah that was
nice of them huh nice doggy stuff yeah I
got you a latte doll
please oh that's so cute there's a club
I'm running
Oh God say uh it comes with it welcome
back tell me that she comes to each one
as part of what makes Lottie so special
and she encourages girls to be girls and
not to grow up so quickly but grow up
too quickly that's right that's why they
thought that you guys would like these
dolls
Lottie Heather has fun doing activities
girls her age and joy such as taking
part in gymnastics not positive role
model award winner oh my gosh Oh Kailyn
should know we are launching a boy
company for Lottie called Finn in the
fall - awesome cute huh that's weird boy
we know please enjoy your Lottie
products we believe bratayley and Lottie
have a lot in common
be bold be brave and be you um we are
well it is night time and me I am right
field looking at daddy take all of this
stuff out that he had and he was a
little there's like salt and pepper
hamburger shakers these are all be like
salt and pepper stuff like all this
stuff over here some papers doctor stuff
Lucy these are just figures daddy did a
lot of antique shopping when he was
younger with his mom and dad with nany
and Papa and Nanni just sent all of
daddy's collection oh that was so nice
of her
thanks nany
because you guys are all excited but I'm
sitting here thinking in my head where
are we gonna put all this stuff on mmm
and the so I keep and I don't have room
for pie magic we do yeah oh okay ZZ I
got what is this lemon alone or they
love a burger okay yes oh haha
a glowing guy here we go cutie whatever
it is I have in my hand got it okay yeah
I'm following so far yes are you may be
sure you're following yeah you got it
okay cutie in your hands
cutie huh a fiver I am I got a cutie
okay so I'm gonna make it disappear but
not really I'm gonna throw it they don't
make it appear again okay okay okay
don't throw it hard if you're really
gonna throw it I'm knocking so are ya
Piper gonna chase it you know oh yeah
we're chasing it that's how you're gonna
make it reappear she's gonna fetch it Oh
fun ha ha great magic trick oh miss
bus is what I know what oh he's doing
for my girl back and I can't
okay I knew it was in his pocket and I
didn't want to hurt his feelings but
what I can't attack for me okay very
important I need you for this milk and
that Cup why can't you pour fat milk
into that Cup cuz that milk is too big
and heavy for me to pour into backup
so you're strong enough to swing around
on a bar yeah over and over and over
yeah but you're not strong enough for
them if you want me to spill it
no okay and I suggest that you do this
test and you will get a million of hugs
deal I love hugs
I've mastered the leather one this was
actually real okay no you promise yeah
you just gotta down good gun guard yeah
pick your card and show your friends
meeting your mom and your sister your
only friend
alright don't say that loud what it is
Haley
it's not put in the middle okay
hey no my I'm gonna do that all right
okay Eddie this works I'll be on Bret
I'm gonna make it and appear somewhere
okay okay okay Haley stick in there no
it's not that is no it is where it
should be there I'm always positive it's
in this dress yes it is what is what's
in her dress the card which cards I
promise it's there Haley take your dress
off I'm watching Caleb to to make sure
he doesn't do anything funny with the
sky no well this far no now are you
kidding inaugural trick guys I sticking
you guys what goes in there it's up it
so they don't buy me time hey this is
gorgeous no way okay I need to think of
another magic trick
yeah oh are you serious oh you don't
know where our heart is you're the worst
magician ever
yeah dad a prank magic yeah I read five
gaining five times already
okay no let's just head
oh my god god no that's not this is not
a good carmella buff um yeah that's good
earth would you read it - Galan hot
shower or take a soak in a bubble bath
well take itself get a bubble bath what
would you rather hailey alright
daddy's turn okay write it all right
never mind it wasn't the card that daddy
used to haunt me whether we were younger
yeah well cut the daddies do it I'll
tell you later cuz I can't remember
hands Polly
hey who are you to impress of things
right this card's up keep watching look
for your card don't react when it comes
up if it comes up don't don't point out
it don't do anything if it ever comes up
ever comes up trick is it's not gonna
come up you hit it okay
I don't know I bet you that the next car
that I flip over is gonna be your heart
okay you bet me no I don't want to bet
anything
how was it
how did you let me show you more some
more impressive go look at that napkin I
placed over there before we started the
trend
okay oh that's freaky happy to help
how did he know which one you're gonna
pick Annie where did you pick from the
middle for the top area that's freaky
daddy's a card okay no the one he used
to haunt me with he used to hunt me at
the ten of hearts
it always used to be the gin of heart
somehow he would always be able to make
me pick the 10 apart it was freaky
hey man Annie okay yeah okay we're going
to wrap up and just turn around looked
at it yeah you know I'm looking this
card okay stop okay okay I place this
card right there okay okay so honey look
no look I'm just gonna play some more
cards there and a little magic I'm gonna
flip it over and under need to of one of
the same cards occasion cards okay look
now can she what oh that's right you
just don't know it cause now you only
read on their stuff it's disgusting
okay you guys tell me it's good with
cards and see if they're two of them of
one car Oh what pardon so you've got one
from another day and you put it in there
Haley you should have an audience full
of Haley's in there blow it'll be the
best musician to musician magician ever
I can make a car disappear magic so I'm
Scully's erratic automatic you don't
know why you guys out of her ass to
whoever had so yeah don't forget to
comment down below cuz leave everybody
enough today is would you rather take a
long hot shower or soak enough trouble
back and up Baba says ma a butter water
bath my jumper see oh my gosh the magic
continues Oh Joe take that top card put
it in the middle of that what was it it
was the top card Joaquin King what color
I reading now want you to knock on the
day so it's in the middle left right
babe
thanks for watching
Britt Ailey
