today on the tail he's not here or is he
it's a beautiful morning yeah why don't
we film I know just the grown-ups and
you it's so quiet in here when they're
still sleeping
yeah did you sleep well mm-hmm are you
going on an airplane today no okay maybe
maybe you don't know okay can you fly
like a bird yeah you can you're gonna
get tired of you have to flap your wings
all the way at home okay my friends we
might have the worst vlog fail where are
you guys
worst vlog Vale look I started cleaning
out this room in here
so Nani and Aiden and Johannah left and
it wasn't blogged but there's a really
good reason one because I forgot to
remind the girls sometimes you forget we
forget I mean seriously we blog everyday
you wouldn't think we forget so I don't
blame you guys I forgot to remind them
but I can tell you why I wasn't home
daddy and I weren't home all day we were
with Nicole oh oh but listen listen
that's exciting listen because the venue
it yes the venue there are some
confusion over the venue for the concert
coming up listen listen this is
important for all of you that have
already bought a ticket
we lost the original venue I'm not gonna
go to it into details us why it's a
little confusing but the important thing
is as we found the most amazing coolest
venue it's similar to
the Avalon where we perform in LA but
it's bigger which means listen more
tickets more tickets can open up like
VIP like we can open up we were almost
sold out for this one venue it's a
condominium clause I know I can see that
so there look listen they don't want to
talk about the venue I think it's
important for those who've already
bought a ticket information it will be
in the description of the new venue and
if you want to buy tickets I think
there's going to be VIP tickets
available hopefully they're not sold out
by the time this video comes out but the
venue is amazing please if you've got
tickets go to either rock your hairs
website or check the description find
the new it's called the echo stage it's
it's pretty cool so I am excited about
that I'm very sad about nonny and
Johanna and Aiden leaving and that we
didn't get to see the dramatic can you
guys reenact it Shaylee not not just
later were there tears Nani didn't cry
she probably did you didn't cry oh okay
well at least we got that done we had a
vlog hello played The Odyssey if you
take it home yeah yeah good we gave know
though he doesn't know you're giving him
the the Nintendo switch and Mario Mario
Odyssey he loved it i he literally
played it until we got a good bite and I
love it he says lamb like there's the
reenactment you guys didn't miss much oh
my gosh it was Aiden playing yeah Mario
Odyssey since this thing is gonna be a
team how many days nine days no 18
today's the wait is your birthday on a
Tuesday or a Wednesday say I know your
birthday's v come on now let's look at a
calendar your birthday's on a Tuesday so
a week from tomorrow the concerts in
less than a week
yes you do any of the dances Oh Thursday
I think we're going to respond you get
one rehearsal are you serious yeah
it was Thanksgiving and no I'm just like
yeah he'll undress girl it'll be fine
it's not like major dancing you'll be
got three songs then I've got a dance -
you chose that my friend we said hey do
you want dancers um yeah and we have
four weeks and he said you can rethink
it and just do dancers for like one song
or two songs you already know the birds
of a feather I know that was really good
all right guys that's your update and
we'll be back a little later when maybe
we'll show what they did know I mean he
took them to the airport for a little
like today's just been a hectic day the
video is not up yet and it's supposed to
go up at 7 and 59 minutes know if you're
already announcing the venue we already
did that see we are so excited about
this new venue oh my god it's so awesome
well she will be it's got a giant like
giant like TV types for you that's good
that's pretty cool it's amazing they can
just record the batter and confetti
blowers yeah again we can have more
people at this thing we've already
settled so we can open up more tickets
okay we're just super excited it was we
were a little nervous because the last
couple days were like oh my gosh we
don't have a venue it all worked out you
know how Haley's gonna eat and then
after
oh sure is giving we found out about the
venue but not having the venue the day
before Thanksgiving and we're like so
we're excited so if you haven't bought a
ticket you probably should and if you
have bought a ticket you are in for a
treat great it's a pretty cool venue
woman it's sad that I know what you said
well something about I'm performing it
was a question how much of my performing
how many people are Christian person
Brooke you Haley there host both of
ourselves
no we have a cool idea we just say the
camera we know you guys have to stay
tuned we're gonna tell you after the
camera goes what okay yeah we're outside
after dark three two let's go they were
playing Iran and see if the dogs catch
us or not
okay I'm done go tonight in the bottom
back No
yeah she's like okay I'm gonna come
watch us play so much money
I mean so much money it's so funny
where's Winnie oh there's Winnie they go
all the way to the end of the driveway I
bet y'all can plainly see why whinnies
the shape she's she is - something in
her mouth
they don't stop moving
Winnie on the other hand when he doesn't
start moving that's right
I'm getting their PE in we're getting
ready to go to the mall because Hailey's
canopy for her bed is in oh don't do
that on the stairs
thank you we gotta go pick that up we're
all gonna go we're all gonna have fun
we're all gonna fight yay free piggyback
ride
are we the only ones that go in this do
the poses of the people oh okay you good
bawling in public
but that where Santa is is Santa here
he's not here
oh you don't know these hands on horses
can I do my shopping while y'all go see
Santa take that
can we hear you guys some others - tell
me what you want for christmas we'll get
one of those packages
boom no wonder film let's go go with
both of you come on guys go Jerry you're
fine you're fine
I think do you go around here
that's us
what's the slide
I don't know
never done this before
your honor
turn me Hugo stop eating a chicken
you want to get one in the other there
you go
alright break here
the hi
here you take this and I'm gonna go pay
for it
we can't do it self yes we can't do a
selfie Oh Santa Clara wait a minute wait
a minute she's gonna get into there we
are a minute what you get little girl
little girl did you get cool stuff
from the other you cut a turtles neck to
turn the turtle didn't need it suckers
young the ones that lasted us like ten
years because we done never ate them
have no idea what you're talking about
it has what kind you know who would
probably know the lady who works here
you should definitely ask her
raise your hand if you forgot your
jacket
I can't are you too cold to raise your
hand we're really really tired like
we're being a little a little bit not
just an babyish about how tired we were
wrong except no this is our car that was
so awkward except what I was gonna say I
lost my thought train but right now
we're kind of a way cuz it was coldest
and we walked outside like I was like
I'm awake okay so this is the story we
went and got something to eat and
service was really good until it was
time to pay and not we're waiting we
were started waiting a really long time
so we came to the car and daddy is still
waiting to pay and I can't reach to turn
the car on
I need the break I need the break let's
see if I can reach the break okay so
we're gonna wait for poor daddy to pay
for the food we thought maybe she would
notice when we got up when half of it
more than three-quarters of her table oh
there was a baby next to us and we had
this whole plan plotted out to steal the
baby but we probably illegal to steal
someone's really okay that's the update
we're gonna go home and
we decided we're all gonna sleep in
mommy's bed tonight it's gonna be like a
little slumber party so we'll see you
then
what beanbag when you on camera is not
on the bed my odd like oh you mean like
like is that you were off game and
you're like come on and then turn the
camera near like the baby daddy daddy's
not even pajamas yet oh she did
what is your name my name is names only
don't give out your last name Annie or
Julianne but mostly Annie grace in the
book but don't do you listen my name is
Caitlin or Katie
my name's Haley no well we know what
daddy is just Billy John William no it's
Billy Joe Lily Joseph my dad man William
Robert meet my friends call me Billy Bob
my mother
okay don't forget to comment down below
do it never come another business what's
your first name this is where you
shouldn't get on top of you ready now
watch what happens you stop putting
Jesus she likes your hand watch too many
people ears are no does cookie okay yeah
see you tomorrow to celebrate life
based on take baby
thanks for watching
the tailee
