today I'm bikini alright wait contest
time for what Amy we're gonna go get
passports because we're going on a trip
that we need passports war and why we're
going to get passports because me and
Annie's passport expired now I got to go
get more to go on the trip and you guys
have to keep watching like we drop those
into some time we are going to announce
where we're going and when and I never
have
I look at a lay back there so I got a
shocker foster Hale gotta talk frosty
and you gotta get bring in some food cuz
she's gonna be starving after gymnastics
how long did it work I guess right Haley
and he's having a long day at work
mm-hmm
she goes to work oh yeah well gymnastics
is hard work that is your boss not as
much work as I do
oh really Oh what do you do minecraft
got your job
I direct movies you directed these
minecraft oh you're a director I'm a
dresser Micah okay you're adding
director to your title what were you
before
l-ladies um yes lazy bum
sits on his bum ha ha ha please Micah
okay now I'm a lazy bum that sits on his
bum directing like that
Oh how do you direct minecraft I see a
movie duh
it make me a movie how fun yeah Uli's
unveil my channel mom the movies gonna
be on your channel can I have it now
please
yeah if it's good can I have it if it's
really bad you can have it if it's
really bad it can stay okay yeah it's
real if it's really good I got I call
dibs yeah what's it gonna be about it's
gonna be a
out the survivors turns minecraft and
things that I can't spoil Oh spoiler
alert just like spoiler alert on where
we're going that we need passports for
yeah um we've keep secrets here don't we
hmm I can't tell you
I am IV oh you won't even care so we are
in the post office um and we got our
pictures taken at but we still have you
gotten in the past perfect sit no we're
not getting the best work today oh well
we're going to college the paperwork
card nope I'm gonna be sad stuff you
guys little souvenirs little cute you
guys don't like it a mug shot mom why my
little illegal they will not pay them
not we don't give today but they have to
with daddy as a sign it that would be
illegal you would get arrested
I mean limed wired a pink and I'm great
just the way it turned out he's you my
little criminal look at my little
criminal children they do they look like
mug shots you criminals yep you know um
don't mug shops have like stop you're
hiding like yeah right
I've never been arrested so I don't know
I have to good why you chuckle like that
will you do dad I've never dated them
everybody thinks that I've been arrested
that I'm lying I don't that you can say
the same thing when you're grown up too
I've never been arrested
okay let's make that happen no that's
funny I just thought about how Annie's
definitely not not gonna get arrested
she's not not gonna get arrested so
doesn't that mean she is gonna get her
today she's not not gonna get arrested
yeah look um I
laughs well it happened when you get
passports after gymnastics practice yeah
Annie yeah can you do sports do those
dues for it like once a week
no leaps in the post office I think
that's illegal
well I just literally got into the car
from gymnastic gene Mauch gnostics
and we are literally going straight to
get my dog some dog food because she is
all out and for lunch paper ate some
leftover meat and we totally forgot to
do it all day and now we're just gonna
go and get it my armchair detective
Diane starving what is that their
records Xbox one PlayStation 4 and we
you will have to figure out how it works
that because I have no earthly clue are
you ready to start recording to your
game play on those yeah how's this going
good
all right let me see that so I can go
figure out how it works
okay people want to see my game play
anyway I'm Way better than you are we
did forgot to film an acro another video
this week
so what my mom is going to post ma she's
thinking about either trying to do one
giant squeeze running or just coasting
um my Barbara Kean that it's fully done
for level seven and so oh and I got this
Hut today gymnastics but I don't know
it's swollen or not I don't know what
it's from
it's right there bad and I'm gonna go
ahead my dad if it's all look swollen
come down below so you can get swollen
yeah yeah yeah well now told that Daddy
and she is putting it in a band-aid what
hurt go bruised and swollen in a moment
yeah it's broken I am really enjoying
ich homeschooling gymnastics skills :
gymnastic at home school and gymnastics
it's gone really well and it's just so
fun and winning looks like Piper I think
that to talk about this you gotta say
hello so we're doing it this shout-out
video for size and stuff 500,000
subscribers
yeah I'm not there yet don't get too
excited
Wang yeah and so Caleb already talked
about it and I'm going to push it on
Instagram job go do that right now and
be sure to go follow officially for
tailee and press handstand design almost
100 hours in game yeah what up and k1 is
all about is no 100 K I'm 70 or 100
thousand five hundred thousand hey yeah
one hundred thousand you confusing I can
either say at one hundred thousand or
you can say 100 K not one hundred
thousand K but the K stands for thousand
which means Felson are you guys joking
his me but carry on
yeah so what do they have to do uh
laughter they follow officially for
daily and presence and and plays an
outlaws
oh no not blaze and outlaws allows you
to subscribe to blaze and outlaws follow
I'm a victim
okay shameless plugs okay and then you
guys can either comment down below on
this video or on Instagram no just on
Instagram or on Instagram don't comment
on this video
okay just on Instagram about what you
want to do well Oh what you want us to
do for a 500 thousand subscribers Oh
guys ready Jenny just fall out of the
bed alright one two three this is the
video where you calm it oh I'm still
owning it alright you guys go check out
our Instagram so you can see Annie's
final one we could be here a really long
time at this rate this is our Instagram
that we film it that you didn't come we
finally got that done my mom's phone
volume kept going off and we did it
about four times until we got it but the
other reason is because I can sail the
line so yeah we finally got it done
and now it is up on Instagram and you
can go and check it out
and maybe you get a shout out you may be
wondering why this paint mats on our
kitchen floor may be wondering why this
was dogs we thought it just looked good
all right slight contest I'll be there
I'll go to my a light stain eu5 all your
split not bear at all little split nope
so I can be in the home we have to make
that noise okay Haley you're out
nice I am one myself
Haley very good thanks you're almost all
the way down with your leg turned under
Caleb turn sorry you have a John Cale's
a check it is gum Oh
what cut the cheese Haley learn what the
term cut the cheese means the other day
I know they all get hold of me no means
honk your horn and Gladman
oh quit honking your horn alright this
one that's not very far huh okay a bit
longer you can say down march on daddy's
turn ha ha
hey any gal doin left lane
alright my turn Oh way down I was
kidding
I can feel that I'm not even close Haley
you win I won I was the first down yeah
you two were not even close we won ha I
didn't I mean you really won but you
weren't entered alright that's what we
do they throw the ball down from
catcher's to me from behind the point to
sing the bass drum challenge so you
can't be in it is a catcher no good idea
what job you not again
oh yeah he is a catcher I want congee no
a million years ago may be rude you guys
ready to wrap it up yeah
where's the book is a book or a box
where's the box
Haley you're it my hand good go get it
um excuse me get out of my fancy stuff
young lady do you see what time it is
it's bedtime
chocolate bar go Piper got to it she
didn't eat it so hopefully she won't die
but she got to it it was all mushy
no it wasn't not getting some jerky
my candies - guys I never cook it's a
box please and thank you she's wondering
if she grew since yesterday we had to
measure them for the passports and I
she's hoping she grew kaymu I know you
didn't do the exact same Caleb you
didn't grow whoo that was a good one all
right
are you free children ready yeah yeah ha
ha get out of here get the pistol bit
it's a grubby hands out what would you
do if you got lost in a big city place
all right like that I would tell a
police officer or another mom
okay hello you would not stop drop and
roll don't listen to your brother
okay what would you do if you got lost a
big shitty me a you a nice hug a tree I
would do any what would you do I would
you mean you were doing a nice so myself
call on your own go get home hello
because Foster's hand over the candy can
I haven't gotten alert for can do one
more I have none uh try that sentence
again yeah anyway don't forget to come
down looks we want to know question of
the day my brother is you really can't
remember the question the day from five
seconds ago
yeah what would you do if you got lost
in a big city by C's mom now pretty girl
s got the right answer
by erasing wrong
based on baby
thanks for watching
Britt Ailee
