time for me oh I don't know why I always
forget turn off the lights really um
okay so I'm doing homework right now I
did I say often maligned so no home
right now and I'm on my last class
almost ein then blazing through it till
I got math too and I'm not very good at
that but I it's not a lot good that so
I'm gonna be done in a matter of two
seconds I'm scared so wish me luck and
then I can be able to do stuff again
good
oh goodness so I come out of my room
after getting some work done
and this is the sight I see Haley
watching YouTube videos and Caleb
playing video games and I believe we've
been in this state for a little while
this morning yes or this afternoon I
should say yeah so let's unplug what
let's let our dog up in our beds and
let's go outside and get some fresh air
come on let's call it recess oh snap and
recess time Caleb what you playing okay
well it is time to unplug for a little
while cuz you can finish the game and
then come meet us outside for a little
bit of recess I don't know let's place
let's think of a game to play
well you've got your homework done right
we'll pretend it's an after-school
recess is that a thing
you sure you would want to go to school
for recess on your face I don't like
this game daddy allowed you to play this
game did he ask mommy alright cuz you
would say no hello I'll have to have a
talk with daddy daddy I know I'm gonna
take this game away from ya I'm just
gettin good at it we'll see five we'll
see we'll see and this is Haley's idea
of a snack what about some fruit ya know
you're gonna eat some fruit with this
want some peanut butter on it I'm at a
Nutella yeah oh and cheese cheese I do
have some cheese jeez this is gonna be
funny but it needs to be cut you need to
cut the cheese alright you don't know
why that's funny do you do you know what
cut the cheese means okay let's cut the
cheese mean I'm gonna saying about
cutting the cheese if you say who cut
the cheese ah I know that thing yeah do
you really are you just saying oh I
thought the cheese really does need to
be cut though the big block of cheese
before we decide we're gonna have a
cheese and cracker snack and the cheese
thing yet Haley you are not filming your
face oh my goodness this your first time
to vlog no this is not your first day on
the job I got the crackers right here
Haley's idea was to have bread and
crackers but I had a better idea
cheese and crackers oh you are gonna put
it on the bunny footballs on them
traipse then I tripped on hyper tripped
and then you tripped on a piper stock
then you are like a cheeseburger a
cheeseburger absolutely I'm tired
you're a fake dude yeah why don't you
put one piece of cheese in two crackers
that's a dumb so dumb are you
oh yeah Piper says I will take four peas
and cheese and 70 crackers hybrid coming
right up
that's a very sharp knife that's sharp
oh okay but it's a very good cheese
knife how do I cut it just like that
yeah just straight down straight down in
a plain movie you gotta get a little
thicker than that
and then you can cut it in half when you
cut ball way down firing channa okay
this is too big it's got to be cut now
oh yeah mess up you failed
you're fired yeah yeah yeah that's cute
then Oh hmm okay so snack time like a
regular school we've got snack time
we've got recess for the most awesome
school ever
ABC 2 out small about that base oh oh I
was gonna get mad at me usually hates
when I sing that phone no treble sing it
Caleb no sing it Haley I love that dad
bass oh no trouble no trouble just
trouble its trouble right yes it's
trouble I think like bathe in trouble
now I gotta look it up and make sure
singing that song right trouble trouble
trouble trouble trouble so I say hey I
thought you were saying trouble I know
she did
Kevin job ah you're in trouble
chief 800 if you didn't usually 8
alright you know what I do with little
girls who do them yeah do you no no it
might not be tickling it might not be
ticklish okay I was right it is tickling
no throwing cheese in my house
uh-oh you landed on a dog bone a
gigantic Piper dog Piper it's a big eNOS
so what'd you learn in school today
now how the world like the earth um I
can't it doesn't move they're only spin
and it doesn't drop down because are the
oxygen and I were ever heck oh here
isn't better look so now we have to have
trees because trees giving off oxygen
yeah so if we can have trees they don't
gonna have oxygen but then we couldn't
breathe yeah great so study the trees
right yes don't cut the trees don't
unrecycled I have a nice recycle what
you recycle allow the thing move the
lights really pretty today I should go
get my camera
wait you haven't I lost my other camera
Haley picked out her outfit today she's
got pink on pink and I got these paired
with a necklace that can open it's like
a locket yep and a beautiful beige
cardigan that accordion yeah I just made
that up I don't know if that's really a
cardigan yeah but you get on it yeah
it's weird
are this weird it's like that thread
pink-colored we must have backed right
you must have got a dirty so nice out
yeah come play out
Oh bad timing Piper don't you steal the
hope don't put you're bad you're so bad
you're going to go inside and get locked
up my hula-hoop knows how to do a trick
I'll see it okay ready one two three
did you see my little hula-hoop and the
beautiful sunlight look at that light
come look at my camera look at the light
oh the camera go stand over there it'll
be pretty ready right there
I got a trained hula-hoop I'm gonna call
it it will come back
come back thank you ladies and gentlemen
I'll be here all week
let me let me hoop Haley ready no stay
right there because if I get it over you
one two three
I miss try to help me okay the hurt okay
oh she got my arm ready come a little
closer right there stop you ready one
two three
oh it slipped off I almost had it my
turn okay ready one two three
oh I keep overshooting it I'm closer and
I'm bending down bore her nice shot
finally so I just got pendimethalin I am
all scraped up my shirt is straight my
pants a strap so I'm out the side of a
paper Haley and I am just going to swing
on the swing and a gymnastics we were
doing you're chained on bars and I did
my old routine which is Kip squat on
jump to the high bar clear up handstand
giant guy out by way I did it all by
myself and it was just awesome to my
first time doing it on the high bar and
it was just really exciting and my mom
is going to try to put it on video
because she got it my first time and
yeah so just chillin out here I have
this like awesome lipstick that is brown
my look black but it's brown from
Hailey's root beer lipstick yeah oh
sorry
now I'm mad mad man so I got today we're
just going to pushing today with the
destroy that book me and hey look give a
speech and find you have purple lips
from the frozen treat or neon green
fingers from your cheesy puff snack um
this one hmm this one why I don't know
you guys I wouldn't want purple lips I
love proper lips so that's another
coincidence because I have like purplish
Brown lips and I will give a speech you
don't forget to comment down below cuz
we would love to know the question of
the day is give a speech and find you
have purple lips from your frozen drink
or neon green fingers from your cheesy
neon green lionex limey and green mm-hmm
sweet or orange or orange in yellow oh
my see tomorrow this will go into Caleb
whoa monie um kind of course in this
give a speech and fine no but you guys
aren't even question I just gotta answer
it
see I think I would rather have like
Cheetos something on my hand
whatever was she's puffs but but I would
probably get all the equipment dirty if
I had like a microphone and my paper if
I didn't like know it from heart her
brain whatever you say
and but I mean still go with black
that's the purple I mean I don't think
people really could see it and that's
far away and no I don't think they would
really be looking at your lips that hard
but I mean yeah so number coming down
below because we want another curse
today is give a speech and find out that
the job that you job purple lips because
of something like that
popsicle or something like that or find
out you have orange fingers because of
cheese puffs babe thanks for watching
Britt Ailey
