but batting lefty today play made
contact they got him out a beautiful
Sunday morning right baseball bats my
wooden spoon yep tomorrow the weekend
they were yeah but did you see that
Caleb was abouting rusty and he's
usually bats righty he was
switch-hitting today that's cool huh
he's a righty usually that's right but
he's been practicing lefty and so he
went up there and did a good job he made
contact but got out gets it on an error
will take it you never know
alright alright ok left listen go got
done with Facebook Hey
so we're gonna go celebrate wait all of
us so every person at the baseball game
is coming set that at him because they
didn't lose ball sorry
whoops so yeah I love this ain't gonna
go yeah we won the games
like the best team believe that they get
up three again in our head so you really
lose but we won okay your didn't want
him getting his head today no I think
the hell because you switch hit hit hit
hit right now it was all because of my
but since that bunt was like the heart
of hit but I never seen but you would
have an out if they hadn't thrown an
error that was a good play nevermind
guys I good but that form of huh yeah I
get me warned enough
yeah show my short they are on your
standup these are a size four and
they're a little bit short on her now we
had to make a pit stop to justice to see
if we could find her some genes that
will fit her this winter as these are
not gonna laugh sorry sigh right yeah
you know try mom and model them for us
okay okay
throw me in there and in the beer
Wow oh yeah another one
hey guys I just got done with baseball
and we're good okay we won so what was
so I had an idea pretty much because
we're about to hit 500,000 subscribers
and we even done a shout out video in a
long time so you probably know what I'm
gonna say what we're gonna do is we're
gonna do an Instagram shoutout for
500,000 subscribers so what we're gonna
do is you guys know what you're gonna do
is you guys have to go follow at
officially bratayley and then we're
gonna post a picture and then you have
to suggest what we should do and then no
well pick your name give you a shout on
instagram so hope you guys I'll have
good comments on Instagram see ya oh my
look at your know your lips oh they are
blue as blue can be it's all over her
shirt okay we're going outside and
playing Piper's favorite game is it it's
called cheese paper and she goes under
struggling and goes yep and we're gonna
time it and see how long it takes
what's your how long do you think it's
gonna take 30 met I think it's gonna
take three minutes
and it is such a beautiful day outside
look oh I think it feels great yep ready
yep
he's gonna run with her bone let's count
our points - if you touch her at the
point oh she dropped the bone still
going strong how long has it been a
minute and 20 seconds
oh you're exhausted she's not done yet
like right now she won't let his tagger
but when she's done hi got any point
plunge four and sushi he's got nope not
done
let's check their phone how long's it
been
oh I got another point I got another boy
Oh Piper exhausted oh goodness this is
forever you can't play with that she's
done
don't tackler how long was it closed oh
my goodness Piper these are the faces
well the backs of the faces of three
children who don't want to put laundry
away it's a very sad story but with a
very happy ending if you would put your
laundry away more often
I could actually do this here what is
she doing
Piper what are you doing you want to get
it come on
what all right guys this story will have
a happy ending the happy ending will be
don't happy ending is that when Mommy
has no more laundry yep
never not for us
right Haley you're on board with this
cleaning piper that won't fit out the
door Piper you proved me wrong
she's like the statue that's a monster
it's a monster the monsters wag its tail
that must be what it does before it
attacks
well mass a lot of clothes here's the
last bit a lot of clothes Wow Annie my
pretty piles what happened to my pretty
piles that I had downstairs yes early
dinner and Wow the room's kind of messy
did you look up
oh my god oh my goodness you and Sydney
were busy yesterday huh uh-huh
Wow well I'm glad that something came
from all this over here mm-hmm yeah Oh
to the door all right well I know what
you're doing this evening or sleeping on
your all your clean clothes oh yeah it's
a much better idea them all at one time
so we are just going to enter the day
doing chores so we're just going to say
bye to you into the question of the day
so the question today is let your least
favorite chore and mine is putting away
laundry and the dishwasher
that's all your choice bye see you
tomorrow
is the worst chore you have ever done
mine is probably probably do my laundry
so I organized my some of them got
messed up
so you have to refold it yeah okay I
like I thought you just said that you
didn't your least favorite was doing
laundry like putting your dirty clothes
downstairs but you like to fold your
laundry all right so you're just gonna
refold all the things I folded okay hey
guys
so some solution today um I hate taking
the trash out and I also hate them
laundry so I think they're about even
but I mean yeah thirsty so remember to
have a look is doing my other question
today is what is your research for um
see you tomorrow bye
fella I know that I did not want to
clean my room and at that time it was
really messy and I put laundry away and
I did not want to and then I guess it
was pretty much worth it it's good
having a clean room and yeah it's all
cleaned up and I feel pretty good about
it and then for I'm going to watch a
movie for my award for cleaning and even
I supposed to be able to be supposed to
clean it but I'm gonna avoid myself a
movie and so yeah bye see you tomorrow
based on baby
thanks for watching
Britt Taylor
