I have asked hi guys welcome to the
trailing edge desk
have you guys ever heard of miracle
berries miracle berries are native to
West Africa they're also called since
then Fulham dole super calm when eaten
miracle fruit cause sour foods they
sweet is entangled a fruit from that
nineteen calm so each one of us are
going to take this tablet and see if it
makes these to the South is tasty one
two three
let's say that you're going to go from
it let here all the way there so we're
going to taste the salt and vinegar
chips oh one two three oh my gosh
I don't even chase much vinegar neither
cleaner doesn't taste like oh okay Clank
this isn't salt a little bit of salt a
lot of shop hotfoot next we're going to
taste plan we're just gonna take a bite
out up like tomatoes these are our
Tomatoes oh no no no you know hey hey
horrible bet look time I didn't pick
that back up here good Chris move on
take a good group next is your drum
Rockley broccoli all right a nice little
alarm luckily I will drop in a minute
all right
hello one you guys are going it one two
three mmm some ways that we think like a
normal one that makes them British plain
nuts is grip okay Damon I don't know
what is it looks like an orange but yeah
cuz I it smells weird
is it under sounded really good all
right strong smell good oh yeah from one
yes well I like it
Adi it was really good it was good it's
birds like when I uh yeah when you first
put him out there and then the access so
this is cottage cheese ready like rice
get your spoons and no looks like goat
cheese good guys right why the kitchen
uh look at a research on at the bottom
look one two three cool I like it
strange right let's go next is below the
line a pretty piece I got these babies
one two three mmm
oh god I love lines and this is not even
black wheat I like it
there's me good though make you which
one I make I think that's what we were
saying you still want to make the face
even though it's sweet you still want it
really sweet but I think your body still
knows you're going to do glad I doubt
one baby ready oh my gosh your family
one two three then a nice sour but you
guys like the line of service just makes
you want to makes me thanks
not as much of this or those lions
though
they got me with my life I like this one
riho I like the line details in it right
okay yes what is the vinegar now yeah
yeah I'm so scared Unni is this even
good for you don't work yourself oh oh
no I can't do that
I like how smooth I can't do it I can't
do it not that I like the smoke oh if I
had to do Carter Kane when I would like
sis no oh yeah it's a good smell which
is it so if I had to do anymore which is
like kind of like a salt and vinegar
chip we YouTube a school nurse boom and
if you didn't know it's hot yeah
and I'm kind of hired you like is it
really hot one
cream cheese okay
just good looks like what my tanks John
III no no right that took my house I
like her air mine on the side of my toys
and they do I'm just puttin toddler
there's a mix it makes your tongue feel
so good that's good
it's so good stop hurt that thing all
right you judge me drink vinegar yeah I
haven't trust it let me manage to hot
sauce you're gonna wash wash look
they're right banana since the only Hall
one is Joe Dirt
mmm this is really good
you're so sweet look at the candles hell
no works - the berries contain Morocco
no a colon is not speak however
miraculin binds your sweet receptors on
your tongue which causes a
to be perceived as sweet the last minute
the three best things it will linen the
orange window well tomato what's really
so do you guys think it work then it
make the fruits they're the food take a
little bit different those lines that
was the weirdest thing a lot of it weird
I tasted really ruthless when I was
sitting I want to make the face put a
like it was sugary and sweet oh you guys
want strawberry yeah
charmers are going to going to their
already polished finish where yes we are
judged others won't be our sample what
Bo buddies
Robert house Chris Bosh screw well 1 2 3
1 hmm that's really good oh my mmm
ah baked potato baby
thanks for watching
Britt Ailey
