where you're going to get my haircut oh
no a little bit because apparently it's
hard for me to get another haircut and
I'm scared because I'm nervous because I
don't want the same thing to happen
again
well if you didn't watch what happened
last time - my hair - my hair my room
when I got the haircut didn't go so well
the lady
my mom says butcher my hair those words
that she uses so yeah I did not look
very good it's starting to look okay
better
what else here say mommy
who's your fault but what am i father
you have to get your hair trimmed so all
this shag delicious stuff can get tamed
I don't want to be your nails it really
your nails going into my head Oh on a
scale of one to ten how nervous are you
probably to what so not nervous at all
new musket probably a six seven and you
do know your hair grows back like I did
this time you go back very quickly
saving all the way growing back yet but
it's really short on this side it's like
uneven yes I know we know don't stop I
don't know I don't think it looks you
have to get out of the car now like now
honestly your appointment is in five
minutes it's really not that bad you
need to be trimmed up for your mother's
sanity we should care about your sanity
because I control your world yeah I do
all right no more manka we've got to go
who who's the creator of Minecraft who
is it okay okay
all right let's go No get out of the car
come on
nope you're my only little boy and Rosie
much better what do you think
I think she did a good job fixing it
sides look good now you can actually
play with it right and tell us how you
really feel what do you think hey still
have some growing out to do don't you
pass your test I can't sit back back
looks good
give me a picture okay this is gonna be
such an ordeal what happened to take
Caleb to get his hair cut and how picky
he has about his hair look down a little
bit look this way let us see the whole
thing
bushy now yeah that's how your hair does
let me see always in the back like that
Vienna when it
oh you're weird and we feel like you
love when we want to see the side drive
with your Cali girl that one's even
touching you but you tip on me
Nonpoint this
yeah did we pass when I come to this
lady again thumbs up or thumbs down
thumbs look how long your nails are
Kayla I've got to go home and clip this
that's really as I'm down I tricked okay
yes guys we are aware you don't have to
leave comments about how long Caleb's
nails are we know his nails grow really
really fast where did you cut these like
a week ago yes
no it wasn't yesterday only two weeks
ago well it's time to trim them up to
things in my in my life right now one
day I take your nails I take your hair
personal hygiene it's just tragic okay
that's another caleb playing with his
hair
we still haven't gotten to see the other
side where the cowlick is now Sydney go
the net tomorrow come over tomorrow and
today there's a new roommate Ron and
we're out watching the old girl meet
girls what are you doing giving on
Friday night well warm any pizza no we
might play outside before I get dark and
then we might we will watch Anchorage
world new you excited but their favorite
show isn't it Jo oh and come you night
oh no what oh no this is what I was
afraid of it's a mess
what oh my god is that your TV yeah and
their American Girl dolls are watching
curl Meets World on the Disney Channel
who wrote that that's what I thought I
didn't recognize the handwriting
fun why is there a knife in here yeah
that's kind of creepy he's really creepy
let's go eat before Piper eats our food
for us it's not Piper eating the food
it's Annie eating our food
yeah we'll be back
so we outside in I know that no one's
here is that mean Piper lenient Piper
out there man Piper Perabo heaven
I don't know I do it up Herrick Piper
where's Kaiser we should get a better
job filming Ashley do something dad
you're gonna be like on a fun ride that
can be fun for you guys I know you're
not really here about what might be too
dark
well those bright pants will sure
guide us
like you're glowing in the dark are you
sore I think we waited too long ladies
Annie had a rough workout today I
thought I was getting on your back
hailey brought you a jacket so yeah
that's what we're doing right now and
it's really cold out here yeah and it's
really too dark to film outside so they
go in and I don't know what sushi
strawberry shortcake strawberry
shortcake yeah that's good interesting I
never know in fact I think all right you
gotta get down there we shoot mommy got
a workout for the day our Friday night
continue we are
Amy's Elizabeth our Girl Meets World
game ready come on and we're eating a
minute away first time eating and yeah
it's the only way to eat them hmm what
are you guys doing like a commercial for
Nilla wafers G Piper Ritz crackers um
one it's a call the dragline
yeah I get opened for fun
we should play that game what what think
of a commercial and let's see if I can
sing the jingle
oh yeah Geico does I have a jingle okay
I do this family steamer nationwide
nationwide is on your side don't use
your hands remember that yeah with your
hands
what other commercial is there fresh
okay
I bet we could google it babe gum put
your hands behind your back
oh I'm gonna drop I can put your hands
behind your back into this needle back
here we not over we tilt your head oh my
god put it on your eye it's gonna land
in the cup hey last try change it move
your hand
oh gonna drop in there yeah nice shot
nice suit intense like I'm blinking no
just homes are gonna get in your eyeball
how you gonna get to your mouth eating
those off the floor are you know cuz
that's why I said no more I don't want
to waste them on the dog well I'll pay
attention to my feet
better here fair that it's gonna make it
even shorter no ok look ok
ok look just got a haircut did you see
it you show the girls your haircut do
you like it better
see you just let her see comb it over so
you don't have that head it's not grown
out completely in the front
oh yeah it's kiddy a mohawk and you can
do your mohawk come on come on
and now everybody is so tired we're just
gonna go to the bathroom you might not
have a lot of budget but well my mom
thinks we don't have a lot of footage
but we're sorry if we don't we didn't do
much today was like my day all half-turn
asacs and dad were just gonna do it from
the American Girl box what do you think
is the perfect age why well I think the
perfect age is 11 because you're not
like a teenager yet but you're not like
a little kid
old enough to like do things like stay
home by yourself and like ride in the
front seat of the car and
so yeah I don't forget to condemn looks
you know the question today is what do
you think it's perfect
what do you think is the perfect age and
why and this will go on to either Caleb
orbit by I will see you tomorrow
I would say 15 16 somewhere around there
oh yeah so around there cuz there's
still a kid and stuff so you don't have
to pay all these taxes but you're at
agent you have a little bit of
responsibility some time freely see you
I mean to say about and now let's roll
up date usually what I how I wanna be
and probably
um 16 yeah I would reception and yeah
come down below cuz we wanna know but oh
my god notice I've got to say one
so why I'm to be 16 is probably you can
um be more responsible and you have more
money yeah and you you can't do anything
you're gonna have a house bye see you
tomorrow
thanks for watching
Britt Haley
