time for what Amy oh my gosh and look at
her she's working what are you working
on here
all right oh you got you know I thought
I wasn't smiling
hey smile Haley face mmm what do you
have numbers on your face here k love it
got a cloth see your nose right there
you were very tiny no oh you got some
holes in you
uh-huh I have something wrong with you
your holes Haley can you tell us why in
the basement keep you sad just go in the
basement that's it yeah let's go Kayle
hours Annie a gymnastics gymnastics mom
what happened your computer Haley it's
black
Haley you cannot get that ah oh here uh
no no no you can't Haley I know you
can't ah she did turn it on indeed
yeah so my headphones broke my good
headphones and I'm using these dumb ones
that only come out the right ear I don't
really know why they come out to look
right either cuz the right here is kind
of chopped up and left yeah just really
so kind of weird if you ask Haley right
Haley normal to kaminer you know
alright time I always get it
so ran mommy for me and I'm watching you
that's your fresh do you want one right
below this you go yeah I do
of course you could choose like maybe a
cool watch to have I think you're too
young for it though it's a good thing
you don't want one I guess I'm not do
young and christmas is coming up bring
in a few months and you could buy me an
Apple watch
live communication with Josh okay this
little code yep Haley and I are having a
lazy day Haley's in her pajamas and
we're just spending the afternoon
watching all the Apple Apple live and
iPhone 6 and I need one Piper needs one
too come on Piper come walk with us
Piper sushi sushi
Piper come lie down with us wait you
need Rolfing yeah now do you want one ah
there's my fish what do you think that's
being said now I read you barking hey I
can't see the computer and it's very
important stuff going on there and I
need to watch it
Haley's got a nice view she won't let me
get do you ha ha
what are you guarding her oh excuse me
excuse me can I come in now let me see
the cup get her Thank You Haley beat you
perfect let's lay down she's laid down
now
too bad Caleb's got homework he could be
joining us for this light pole you can
draw Anya you can get in it even make em
unlike new apps disappear on it yeah you
can have facebook notifications and
Twitter notifications by fine oh my
goodness I wonder what they're gonna
announce Nick you know we need popcorn
please drink
yeah yeah we need to do that yeah all
right you go make the popcorn
no Piper's going to be up soon I got
ready yeah to continue this hope there
she is no popcorn for you sit down sit
down good girl hey don't get comfy there
you go
all right you ready lay down get comfy
because our live event will continue
what we're not really live anymore but
it's okay is so simple and elegant hmm
tonight Sam Smith will be performing
know who that is
the guy whose things stay with me I
don't know it sounds pretty good oh
don't flinch that much toss it up so you
don't catch it oh she missed
didn't I say no popcorn for you where'd
it go are you laying on it is right here
oh now that will fail let me see if I
can get her to catch it I've ready one
two three
oh good try I'll toss it up good thing
she doesn't know how to count you just
went on - yeah hey let me dry
alright Piper come on this is the zip
popcorn tard to catch one Oh off the
nose yeah last one
don't so fast up in the air like oh oh
my G was ready for that thank you
okay fine there I go over the way yeah
totally miss ya let me throw it to you
ready dropped it ready open wide great
ready one two three
Oh close hi guys here let's go to Daddy
one two in your mouth popcorn I already
did one two three Oh Oh got a big fail
hey guys you know how you do this and
you don't like like Landon Mary when you
do on the beam Anita stop on the tour
well this is for you up so we have a
duck hey Nash and I'm gonna do Fred
Ron's really hard so close one foot off
post feet have to be on both hands on oh
you got it mashes can't tell ya hey
let's see if we can hit both hands and
feet are sort of cause there's water on
the sides of a beam wow I've never seen
that gymnastic so hyper hey hey hey up
Stern dad
Caleb's turn wow he just landed on his
head on the beam yeah don't fall nailed
it
you gotta finish it daddy this there we
go - one more time
gotta finish it when you do it but you
gotta finish it on the beam
hands came off that time nailed it Oh a
lot of cartwheels sorry get harder
Caleb's tire Oh
Piper's tire but laying down yonder hey
um are you don't doing workout no really
I'm gonna throw if I can see how far
down kinda how far it goes all the way
we're gonna go all the way down and it's
going to get dirty in that grass down
there do we go outside right now and
we're just kind of hanging out while
daddy's fixing home dinner yeah yeah I'm
gonna trim the trim for me okay yep this
is I suspected my hypothesis was right
it does well oh ma I want to try he's no
ho Yool splat snap your feet down that
was good and bounce push off push stab
your feet down
watch Inez
bounce and push off your legs and snap
your foot off your legs close
Rowan
that was good snap bound yes that was it
that was it
push bounce don't do the back cut part
good Haley
get met here dinner together in the
family and peppers
yelling touch be part of the family she
heard it was family time no we're gonna
do high-low so that's what we do here at
family if you don't know what high-low
is it's where you spend your high today
and your local today and if you don't
know what a high-low are you want to go
first daddy does okay go ahead
okay Lee raising her hand my time wasn't
really that funny today APF but okay she
was banging people cuz Sun and the
clouds doesn't have the same same ring
to it
hi I'm Milo and that we had a short day
a short day it's already come to an end
no I just checked they're still 24 hours
in a day right today there was - yeah
you sure just check my god
he's being mean to you yeah family yeah
my life is that I can go to bed early
and wake up late
I'm tired
hmm my high is that I'm getting good
grades in school
Milo is that you have to actually work
for them oh sorry say that out loud
whoa is it baseball it didn't happen why
didn't they still happen today
he stole our bags you left with the bags
oh now what that way you were texts to
me we were just going to go and do it
outside because he thought I was gonna
rain we were gonna go through every job
those baseball field right into our
house so we decided to still in the
backyard then why would the visit then I
went to it and the bags weren't fair mmm
that is a low robbery highway robbery
hello what are you doing editing my
video an end very long day according to
a Lia they're short all day so we are
just going to say goodbye to you all my
mom has already picked
yeah I did pick the question of the day
but you know what I just realized
we already did high-low huh whoops but I
feel a really good question
and there's after that movie you want to
relive I picked this one okay
tell a lie to your friend or find out
she lied to you find out she lied to you
I know she likes me
damn
hey mr. editor yeah we have a question
of the day over here before bedtime tell
a lie to your best friend or find out
this people you're brushing today is
still alive your friend or find out you
like to you this or that which one would
you rather Waialae this friend you'd
rather find out your friend lied to you
then tell a lie to your friend that's
what she's picking you'd rather tell a
lie to your friend I can't lie - kidding
me oh she's only cool hey can I hear
anything that was her impression of you
ha ha not really
that's why didn't make a very good I'm
gonna take for me to punch you in the
face it will take eternity oh yeah don't
forget to come below cuz there's no the
- quick today's our high low and so a
laugh your friend Paragon - you got two
books from the book
buh-bye and we're out
oh hey I'm use the record button I mean
up the record button yet nope what now
nope no nope yeah how are you
no no no no no be fun if I miss the baby
thanks for watching Britt Ailey
