hi for what Ali Hey so we are spending
the morning cleaning and you hate me and
Hayley's chore is to clean out the red
balloon and you think that would not be
that hard but we're having to take part
in this thing
look at this and then this stuff oh we
haven't pulling it out yeah we're not
the seg ah
like all the stuff ya know all the
little furnace anus um a little stuff
we're saying all of it huh mrs. Kandahar
now we are done quick be will almost
done with the rainbow loom we did a
little and we're done with cleaning and
we're going to the mall my hip and we're
waiting on our mom and dad to finish
their cleaning stuff and then we're
going to mop give shorten some errands
and um what is it
oh yeah beam you can do vacuum and while
we're waiting for mom and dad you're
eating some ice cream sandwiches and
Hayley you eating it's cool because it
peels see that and then I eat that like
ice cream yeah so ice cream inside its
appeal yeah but you can eat it yeah you
can eat the peel yeah awesome
now I'm just going to give the camera to
Haley and save some food
so um welcome to mouthing Thai and if we
tuck oh my god yeah pop it on the tongue
right talk about Jenna um all boy we
doing Octomom huh the mall
oh the MA so I went outside on the turn
plane and there was this thing that will
plug adult butterfly but it was a scam
all so I call it an e out and she was
like that's a love weirdo she was funny
and then she touched it it was goes so I
was cutting into trying to UM touch me
and I find up the wall buddy I am
sitting here in this chair with my mom
in here they're over there trying to
find his stuff and yeah um really not
doing much
and I'm in this rocking chair right now
and my mom found these like a really
cute um like containers and they're like
pink and orange and like Bluebird
something like that and they're just
really keep it look like this and then
here's my mommy hiding under that Fulci
that he is yeah yeah he made my sister
cccccc my mom
and then I got a new phone case said the
comma sound baloney this uptick and so I
daily video camera is getting a little
old worn off so we're looking for a new
in here
I bet that's always important to have a
good zoom
way
what did your zoom is better from total
from up over hook it BA - let's see let
me zoom in but what are you at what's
your number up there I'm at 10 2015
they're just like oh he's moving I'm at
40 but let's use clearer well yours
looks pretty clear I'll go up the
mountain
are you
oh my goodness this is what happens when
we're in stores I'm trying to look at
cameras and they're all goofing around
you
right now I am filming with the new
camera it is red and is just slow here
yeah show you it yeah the other one is
black and now over here perfect well so
I'm going to shut this off for secular
ownership oh oh oh you did it looks like
so now we are on our way to pick Caleb
up and we're going to eBay yeah now
we're meeting yeah be involve all we're
meeting um gap in Papa at a dinner place
right or a breakfast or what is it
breakfast boys it's a great flood for a
bit bitter hard it says breakfast but
sternness handsome
you
I just want to hold this forever you
touch them yourself a new camera pieces
go I'm gonna zoom in Oh any really hold
for daily moment every day leaving your
email room and push your glasses up um
put I'm zooming in burial and okay fine
I'm going to get it down
low battery charge Oh No
beautiful
with me former that I like it or not
don't get wet hailey
you're the guys up here turn the
 were look
the Wi-Fi
to let people
you know what it does smells like food
you better get out of there
Oh
we're downtown yeah downtown waiting for
everybody to get here before we go into
the restaurant
Haley's getting a little brave over
there
don't you dare pleasure it don't you
dare here sipping hey you Oh Oh got in
the camera I was waiting to see how long
it would take you to narrative mm-hmm
do you like it oh yeah I do is pretty
good it was what you do I went to
this ball game
cool yeah I am cool got to sit sit the
sweet huh yeah how's it better sweet
sweet sweet sweet with you think it's
better to sit in a regular seat or did
you enjoy the sweet what did you enjoy
the experience no not what did I just
have right yeah you got a regular soon
real regular seat not a sweet yeah I
know I said regular sweet I'm a chain
what's weird
I wonder if that was a regular sway I
want no real support so the pretty nice
thing all-you-can-eat food cheese wow
you are so adventurous I did a lot cuz
I've never been a big eat up I'm not a
tiny
only tiny things like reptilian
creatures sweet reptile oh yeah fine
don't you yo my house weird no yes I've
got one of the weirdest things you've
ever seen me do we are home and you was
really tired from the long day cuz here
just exhaustion you went to bed now I'm
just gonna wrap this up uh hey lady had
to go to the bathroom so and today
Hayley wanted the questions a day to be
what's your favorite snack and I thought
it would be good cuz we got some
snackies today and my favorite snack is
probably like an apple or an orange or
like something sweet fruit or yeah and
now here's Haley Haley what's your
favorite snack get in here so okay Haley
get in here
oh sorry chocolate pebbles
chocolate Apple does not boot I like
Travis upstate anyways yeah what did you
go over you took on a box room know the
question today is what's your favorite
snack by sea tomorrow
baked potato baked potato baby thanks
for watching
Britt Ailey
