beautiful
pappa Rubik's Cube race number one
number two number two ready on your mark
get set go
drumroll and they're all looks like
Annie is taking the lead does Billy has
the bad key and that's right so if you
win this time we're gonna blame it on
the cube the cube is too loose was it
that lace when it was new yeah okay so
it's not a lose for the win I say almost
a solid black on that side so do you
want to be the next contestant and
there's all the rivets King no no no no
he's gonna win uncle Billy or Annie
yeah who do you think it's gonna win
auntie or uncle Billy and why so she's
cute huh yeah you got you you got your
boy yo office is really fly oops don't
fall for their place a it makes me
nervous
it's all about the cute Hailey's
recapping something Paige said we're
very blue eyes first of all a lot of
babies when they're born babies Lewis
Thomas likes plate and a dark Haley's
learning Haley's learning about traits
I mean genes and DNA Paige they come
from like everybody like your
grandparents so that's why you might not
look exactly like your mom and your dad
because you didn't get exact genes like
right you didn't you guys didn't get the
exact gene y'all got different stuff out
okay out of the car got it I like you
better so I gave you curly hair just
kidding I like you all the same I gave
you that hair on purpose Andy oh I
forgot all my genes
I was happy to pass him to you you are
beautiful
you're not lying today every day Piper
tells us that she hasn't eaten and
usually she's lying
you haven't eaten you didn't get bad
today
all right you guys we've got almost
everything on our list checked off we
made a list today we had shower clean
room school and decorate the Christmas
tree and then we put them in order of
importance Hayley's still on school
though she's still got to clean her room
and then she can decorate
what's Nani doing over here we we got
some old pictures picture with me it
kind of looks like okay I need to get
this one I look like you it's the way
that away you can just scroll here sure
you're so happy what no might think yeah
there's your papa
we don't know what those other stuffed
animals are that's okay we see the
blankie so I go this away that don't
work for me yes Gigi Joey how do you do
however you would pay for that
so are you guys will do yes no I'm
talking that not you lying no you're not
adjust lessly get there's those
Christmas tree lights what dude
there's the Christmas tree today looks
great we did not get as much done
yesterday as we hoped or thought but the
girls are busy work and now the big ones
should go at the bottom and you make
your way up oh well that'll break if we
have throw it okay well just leave it
just don't roll it though well that's
breakable so we can put at the bottom
right I would lift the little stuff goes
up higher
looks good look and then you might want
to fill in these little gaps no right
here okay I'm not gonna help I'm gonna
let you guys all do it whole day
Aiden cam you can see that they're
decorating they are decorating the tree
and you'd see that hair is already
decorated so we are decorating the tree
as Aiden told you and and I have a
sister as you know but she's a
perfectionist so it takes her an hour to
do the Christmas tree in this cell I
think it looks beautiful it is like the
demigod okay
it is like the dimi downer and then he's
like yeah I think it looks beautiful
he has no heart it's fine it's fine
everybody it's fine everything is good
everything great it's fine yeah big big
and now Eddie is doing the final touches
where should I put these I think you
should put them like on the tree we got
that look here's a like final touch and
it's our little that's really pretty
maybe have some of these that she hasn't
put up yet which I'm kind of
disappointed and we have this one only
one and then we have Johanna so we're
the prettiest the prettiest ornament of
them all is
yeah yeah and I just wanted your oh no
and then we have the prettiest ornament
of all Joe hana-chan over there yes you
have this feather buddy what it didn't
work it Annie
no dollar huh remember when I showed you
that it wasn't that one no it didn't
work it was supposed to be on your
canopy okay
comment down below what is your favorite
ornament on the tree let me just give
you a little look okay there's a cross
it's just fun Marion Barry please oh
this one wait no wait it's not on this
one
dang it somewhere there was that one
where to go they said we lovers Haley
and thank you for whoever fan gave us oh
we're gonna show you okay thank you
it says means heart for Taylor and then
we have like a bee that we got and I
love this one smells a bought a new one
I'm just a chandelier yes we want you to
move that videos show you I don't know
oh yeah yeah that's it yeah somewhere
okay I don't know if I can show you guys
and there's a little chandelier so which
one is your favorite comment down below
here and comment down below if you
if you have your Christmas tree up
already yeah but it's bubblegum and it's
cut but it is it it's actually time yeah
she's gonna stop with your cute little
outfits all of you well I mean Annie I'm
not dissing yours but you didn't you
didn't
you're not as dressy as they are we look
a lot alike and you know offense there's
a mattress oh that makes it all better
Annie you look beautiful you're just not
as dressy sometimes I put my foot in my
mouth
all right we're going to eat we're going
to go eat at the melting pot it's our
family favorite right who are you want
to do this yeah all right Aidan Aidan
going
we are gonna do we're going to a place
and work on the heat some bigger it will
be so fun I don't go like we figured out
why Aiden such a good vlogger just now
cuz he's done a lot of research right
he's done a lot of watching of YouTube
videos I'm so excited you guys look at
Nicole and Nicole with the red meat kiss
her on her cheek baton everything's okay
guys I just wanted you guys to know we
caught the camera
No Oh is and yours Annie you're gonna
share mine is it oh that are so cute
over there three of you okay I'm trying
to make it look like Russia's here it's
not working tell him how RDR do you have
regret anything Hayley from trying to
trick them what's your line you're gonna
say I regret nothing we were trying to
trick you guys did you believe it did
you believe they don't believe me we
posted some stuff that made it look like
brush and brook we're here but you guys
are too smart because you're like that's
what she wore the day that we that we
left LA or the day before yeah maybe she
was wearing it again you guys are too
smart but Hayley regrets nothing one two
three okay the cars back here we got him
it's our exercise after eating all that
yummy chocolates okay y'all so oh go
swim I just washed my face who are
watching like YouTube videos he is
watching YouTube videos
so yeah we do yes in the day or never do
question of the day is what's your
favorite app Instagram oh I like all the
social media she's snapchat musically
and Instagram and snapchat I'm screaming
snapchat and basically you would you
regret I map
musically snapchat Instagram whoa
YouTube yay is what's your app I said
we're in the burger buddy remember to
celebrate life thanks for watching
Vitaliy
