hey guys so I got a wire Easter in my
hand and me and my mom are about to play
Mario Kart 8 because she said she would
and we're gonna put online and see how
it goes
because I put online once before twice
before multiple times before and um
we're not have it yet so we're gonna see
how she dies so see you when ever we win
it's never ok I don't know I'm watching
Piper mess up her room there's a way to
beat this guy where'd you find Piper
don't you want to watch us play Mario
Kart she's jealous that I'm playing
Mario Kart with you and not spending
time with her will give it to me and
I'll throw of it and then I can play
with both of you
I couldn't multitask you gotta let go
you got to let go of the pink bone ready
to get crushed
no I'm a winner I give this guy yeah
thank you let me have it oh ah quit why
would you guys quit my Minecraft right
I'm right what oh so close
Piper I gotta let go it's almost time
for me to play my hands are full hold
that thought Piper now you mutt
I'm not playing with you anymore I quit
yeah oh he's just saying that but he
does not mean those hearts words that he
speaks sometimes right can't no paper
that is loud in my ear hey Caleb I see
you're Billy you're 1,000 or me Billy
hey buddy Katie you came back
okay I gotta go but after all that Piper
Caleb Caleb's controller broke I don't
know it wouldn't work kanpei love the
controller ran out of batteries right in
the middle of our game boo Caleb now
we're stuck stop - Mario Kart drama I
got it again Piper we're gonna throw it
under the table and I'm gonna make you a
bull in a china cabinet watch the same
Oh to fly all right now we're gonna try
again got beat that shoots out no guests
are all the way over so I just get to
gymnastics and now I'm having a little
snack whoa
being against leaned up for that dog now
mommy and daddy removing it and yeah I'm
gonna go out there and the gumbo trap me
and Haley just woke up come on nip it in
a snap everybody else yes I see that and
I'm gonna do all my nails this color red
and I'm gonna put black over it should I
put a line in the middle or at the top
like a French tip I don't know it's a
good question what do you think Haley
Gigi
so I'm in pain all my nails like this
red and then with that black I'm either
gonna put a line through it or a line up
top which one up top
alright watch my thing how sad are you
gonna be if you get fingernail polish on
your white desk
well I'm doing this oh okay oh no paper
towel Wow look how much she her polish
it bought it no nothing nothing
I heard the middle child
you opened a bag of chips and left them
on the kitchen table well that's only
because he said I had to clean the
backyard
well we had to mow and after you were
done picking up the backyard you should
have come and got in the chips you mean
I had to do homework still should have
gotten your chips wife lessons young
lady oh never mind then
hi so I just painted my nails and here's
what they look like half of them are red
yes you can see that you can't really
say it well on camera but we have my red
knife from my black so yeah and I
waiting for things to dry right now I'm
filming and me and Haley are trying to
in my room I was in the bed I'm doing
the decimal I done meal I heard that
sorry just check the mail oh I'm PS I'm
leaving all that in there at you decide
the meal and daddy were trying to feel
done so glasses okay Haley I am so good
a jesters you gotta explain what
happened and tell them what this means
and this means this means they are
talking too long or getting out of hand
so I do this test that's on the boat
yeah we got sidetracked again my stuff
anyway so we got a box of till us yzs
toys box of toys a box of toys is no tou
why is why sounds matter toys or tea of
war when all we use item one oh gosh it
was a nice lighter purple noise what is
pyrite the piper here
kids'll be making funny noises I proved
it's the original cat paw friendly yet
hurry
don't do it I know it's what I want him
to do with who she's gonna whine now all
right Viper
the things that people send you guys any
better say thank you okay what master
hey hey but read what it does
posable figure posable figure old model
kits what is going on back here we are
trying to film a video oh thank god he's
having fun a bad fall where is she come
on come to the hoop Piper come on
now I come to an end and we are going to
do the question today and as I say
wheeze cause heating is supposed to be
in here and I'm waiting for hope so hey
Hayley Hayley Hayley Hayley Hayley
Hayley Hayley I'm coming here's like so
we can wrap the video left Oh make
flowers throw or make rainbows appear in
the sky oh my that is a tough one what
mommy what would you prefer make flowers
grow or make rainbows appear in the sky
I don't know but I'm gonna say rainbows
okay I'm going to say randos hey we can
do that after so yeah don't forget to
come to look through another clip today
is make flowers grow or make you
rainbows appear in the sky bye and we're
out and we're out
thanks for watching
Britt Haley
