good morning guys
Haley's doing school we're counting this
is our first official day of school
right I don't know how much Haley's
paying attention right now so let's go
check with Caleb
Caleb's doing his first day of school
and he's at gym so she's gonna actually
Annie did school I think yesterday was
her first day right
oh you're gonna edit I just got done
editing yeah I'm gonna go check in on
Caleb all you edit okay okay don't mess
my video up oh you're really doing it
Nick and Caleb talk really fast what's
up why aren't you talking to I'm sorry
how's it going on your first official
day she is almost done she's got like
two minutes left one minute left on her
last class so you're almost done you
have one and a half class left awesome
what class are you doing right now he's
won all your all your classes except one
our 40s BIOS 37 minutes so we're doing
that at night so that'll help so what
are you doing right now
science any questions I'm a really good
scientist do you believe me
what whoa yeah you had an orthodontist
yesterday what color did you get what
fake smile color yeah yes I grabbed it
silver and black
 great done well that was close
from back here
alright let's so watch your last class
okay let's see how good you are oh I was
kidding
what are the what of biology branches I
know about lesbians I just don't know
what okay well what are they yeah those
are the branches of biology it's
microbiology okay I didn't know that
that's one micro botany botany and not
know that like an excuse to the camera
echo ology all right what's that song
about that bird hold on that's not gonna
grab a pen yeah oh good luck Hey
eulogy zoology and do you know what all
those branches are no explaining okay
that's like Caleb getting back to his
zoology no it's not yes I say the ology
in it hey Doc do you man come on you
gotta go finish your class what class is
next world history you like that he will
get out
all right come on you really only have
like a minute left right thank you got
energy yeah oh good man look at all your
papers did you do numbers
oh you skipped this oh that's extra
practice never mind
Haley writing her name and cursive oh
look at her numbers all her worksheets
alright you did great I gotta do the
maze yeah
are you doing it now help Sparky find us
dinner and then color the picture and
that's how is oh then you're not
following directions oh who cares
ah your teacher you don't know what I
got it Devin Devin okay thank you thanks
are you kidding me you've got a look
before you go okay you're not looking
before you go you're just going okay
what man hey Piper did you find your
dinner oh yeah don't poke yourself with
the pencil oh yeah
Piper wants to play with our box all
right back to work Missy I'm startin
like a whole you this was just a summer
I'm so mad a long time huh
so now I'm gonna say oh we have a little
nap hi and they are really cute yes I'm
gonna sent them to us an email all right
so say thank you thank you
I like this purple what do you think
you're gonna do any gymnastics today
Gretchen's fridges can't stand my hello
Piper Oh Oh my beautiful one that was an
excellent cartwheel oh my god I got
crazy and she like in your nose I was
wondering what you were doing
thanks Isabella great filling you
nothing much
guess what I realized we have batteries
for this I thought we had to get battery
I looked in the battery drawer and we
had the right one batteries going to
gymnastics physics then ask Jim Jen
Mastiff gymnastic someone is pump are
you gonna get super-strong today let me
see your muscles
oh yeah yeah there was actually a little
muscle there any muscle he's gonna what
your head you take off my head and just
remember that whenever I'm gonna the
birthday monster whenever the birthday
monsters coming back this year the
birthday monster coming back
um I just got done with school nastic
and I'm not quite finished the school
stuff it's hard to take a break to do my
nails look I'll show you
here's one with sparkles
never release your house did not totally
pink ones sparkles for things and then
the same thing on the other one yeah now
I'm just gonna get back to it but if t
yeah and yeah okay so the
buh-buh-buh-buh-byeeeee
buh-buh-buh-buh-byeeeee bye bye to beat
eyes no bye - bye - the be what e-bot no
mommy how do you buy like bye see you
tomorrow
ye alright good I spy on you right into
a long day um we are trying to get into
a habit of driven by lovely night to go
to sleep and yeah that's what I'm gonna
be doing right now and I'm going to be
the only one wrapping up okay Shane it
up really good
my friend are you coming up here with
this one bottom or top top top I don't
know it doesn't matter what is your
all-time favorite movie my that's a
tough one
I'm going with Top Gun doo doo doo doo
doo doo doo any movie all-time favorite
pepper call let Kurt until she knows I
don't know oh my gosh we'll be back when
Andy thinks ever very right movie I
finally thought of one oh and mine is I
did recently watched it it is the kit
movie they reckon they're all cat movie
yeah yeah oh yeah and why because you
never know what's gonna happen next in
it Ben story it's a mystery
she must be reported okay that's all I'm
saying
there we go good luck yeah I'll take
that in the box
Piper's settling in for the night
and it's on to you yeah nobody camera
that yeah cut it and you know you hurt
your hand
yeah better her Piper's back so don't
forget to come Jung looks you know no
cash over the day
you need what is your all-time favorite
movie in Hawaii like he just says why
but still and why and thanks for
watching
Britt Haley
