and so this is our left side and what I
had told me to ask next time for some
shoes I'm not saying that I'm shorter
and hunter green because he said that
would look like the Green Bay colors and
it does your home's going in here with
your computer and your chick-fil-a I
just put some extensions in my hair just
for fun I'm gonna go see if can't
believe Justin and I'm just gonna try to
adjust their basements plane yeah we're
not doing much
to rates of people because he's gonna
know something's up when you come down
here yeah so we have like nothing else
to do Nowitzki Caleb what do you want
for dinner oh really what do you want
for dinner
Caleb no really mommy let's snap this is
Annie
primping in the mirror with her Harrison
if you could grow your hair out and it
would look like that and it would take
you a year would you do it yeah it'll
take me like yeah forever so right now I
stopped my hair extensions on and um the
reason we had this idea was because it
was because of that Ariel hat that I
tried on and then we got the idea of
extensions
sorry then you found these and yeah that
we just got them for fun and these are
really fun I just want to wear them
because I've always wanted a long hair
because my hair does not grow fast and
it just looks healthier short as you can
see my hair is this hair right here and
it's so short and yeah just fine
push it down like that yeah you can hurt
yourself because I hurt you all right
all right okay
so they're giggling yours now you can
keep it
hi I don't feel like I've seen you much
today child have you saw the hug yeah I
know I see that you retain them that
one's flipped I told daddy that he
didn't believe me Luke just now I'm
going to wrap it merely gonna wrap rush
today from the Vista that and I'm just
going to put it to repair ok we did that
last time okay there you go
we'll do it mmm
hey which one hello would step down
so tell me would stop stop this one
let's see which one
come on stop and stuff can we stop stop
y'all right here yeah Homer stop stop
stop
No we have to get through this one okay
down fine okay eat dog biscuits or fish
food fish I can't eat dog biscuits
why um because of fish food tiny little
pebbles I think I don't know sound good
I don't know but sound rather eat dog
sounds oh yeah dog biscuit so Darla so
don't forget to comment down below cuz
we have another question today is eat
dog biscuits or fish food ah everybody
say hey I mean that's disgusting
what other one says this is nothing
reason i but you can answer if you want
have fleas or shed your skin I think I
would rather have fleas me too
no no yeah yeah yeah okay so yeah now
bye oh yeah so yeah I'm downstairs in my
room doing Bible sense tomorrow school
starts and it's fish of the day um so um
dog food or fish food well I think fish
food sometimes can be the other fish so
but like I guess I've got a half-cent
all food just because I really don't
know what fish eat like what they
majorly eat like yeah okay so hungover
round now the question today is blah
blah
don't fish mood see you guys
thanks for watching
breath daily
