time for look Haley hey guys let's see
what's going on today well I just got
back from my first day of school
gymnastics
I'm trying out this new homeschooling
group and what I do is just I wake up in
the morning not too early like ah that's
what I like about it too and then we go
to gymnastics practice and after
practice I go home I lunch and do my
schoolwork so I'm going to try and see
if I like it but if I don't I'm just
gonna go back to my gymnastics in the
neck again day one was awesome I'm ready
to do it again tomorrow um I didn't I
haven't started school yet cuz we're
still waiting for books yeah and then I
asked my mom if he could look for a
drawstring bag son of this thing where
you pull the strings in the net tightens
because I need it for gymnastics and um
then also we're looking for a little
pouch for my tickets cuz we do ticket
drawing and ticket we have just um
tickets and every time like we do
something good or we got a new skill our
coach will tell us how many tickets we
have we get and for the day and then at
the end of practice we get our tickets
and put it somewhere and then at the end
of each month we do a ticket drawing and
you call the tip someone top calls the
tickets and then you come in up throw
the ticket in the trash and then get a
piece of candy so my dad and Caleb are
at baseball practice and we are just on
the hunt for a back end well backs
that'll be perfect
ready yep
gun dancing Oh guys like a purpose co-ed
a living i mocked phone's about to die
for a video and and we don't have a
camera well if you had camera then you
value the filming on that so we don't
have a camera and her mommy phone's
about to die it's like that 13% so we'll
see how long hang button wait do it do
it dicker Oh what are you gonna go bit
blow the biggest bubble in the whole
world I would be like and you'd be like
gum mom like the UM but I'll run the
store that bit by a bubble yet no
we find ourselves with flares try and
find that pouch I was telling you about
so far just the best
not too big oh but if he found something
little this is fine anything else who is
the topic Taylor Swift I'll guess what
that are dead no 10% blogger problems
dead batteries oh I think we just found
it do you didn't B this one link either
perfect this one or this perfect perfect
they are right which one I like the sky
I like this guy tail all right perfect
inside squishy yeah and sadly ticket
spit in there yeah for a whole month
yeah you sure I'm hot again oh my
goodness
I just got a glimpse of what Annie would
look like with long red hair
turn around
that is okay I almost wish it didn't
have Aria on the front I mean no
disrespect to area
sorry area not plate area so we are at
the grocery store and we are just
getting stuff for dinner and um it's
just freezing in here mommy's phone is
about to die so yeah we're after this
we're going home and we'll film with the
regular camera we are home oh and we got
the good camera and I'm going to do the
a-l-s
ice bucket challenge oh yeah ALS ice
bucket challenge Caleb get it earlier
this day today and as my turn and this
water is freezing ah great the anti pour
some water over her head Haley academic
- no I tell me have to no need to donate
money she has to donate money then okay
she's good with that I think we're not
well I think we're donating money too
well I think we're dumb I keep saying
nominating I think we're donating some
money - alright go take your spot on the
ice bucket stool why are you really up
can at least get a little bit hotter and
it'll drip clean you better hurry
make sure Piper doesn't drink this Oh
ice water are you gonna be able to lift
that over your head she just wanted to
see what's in it
Piper don't drink it and he's gonna get
warmed up while I get the camera set up
and of course I turned the camera off to
put the other camera on the tripod and
Annie just announces that she just did a
full and she's frozen how she landed all
right don't let us down one more Oh what
was that
you're not even jumping
soon as the camera turns on all right
your ice water is melting you cheater
could be a little lukewarm bucket
challenge yeah I'm ready now I'm gonna
turn this camera off I think so if you
want to see how it turned out and go and
see our lucky device
whoo this is not comfortable so I just
got out of the bath and now I'm just
relaxing and waiting for dinner to get
ready and I just have a bunch of time to
relax and it's awesome right now just
play on my phone when for my mom to
finish dinner up and yeah don't you just
love a days where you think you've got a
lot of things accomplished and then you
still have time to relax that's what I
feel right now this is one of those days
and I love it but now we are we have an
awesome dinner setting right back and it
cracked mm-hmm
did did not Caleb you wouldn't tell her
if they cracked you'd blame it on her
Caleb let's go oh good so I'm just going
to pick one out of our handy-dandy
machine Gribble pressure today or else
gross what okay come in or what I still
ate it wasn't chicken pick a random one
Pig oh my gosh yeah that one yeah yeah
it says what is the biggest room you
have
to ride a horse in Texas in Texas that's
Pinta dream now I'm skin and I don't
like that what is what is your dream
oh the avidin Candyland no no what
yeah what's your biggest dream you have
I know what do you want to do go in
candy that's have a pony show um right
now my biggest dream is to go to sleep
maybe like you know oh my biggest dream
to be a come on Caleb be in a movie
No yeah he said be in a movie so don't
forget to come to looks we want to know
the question today isn't what is the
biggest dream you have oh oh yeah I see
tomorrow
I see tomorrow ah
 baked potato baby thanks for
watching
Britt Ailey
