time for what can you eat blood with
this you just squirt it on my face and
then rub it in or you could squirt it on
your finger and then rub it in sport it
on these fingers so right now I we are
about to do the not my arms challenge in
this video is going up on oh my gosh TV
and what you do is some sitting right
here which is me and when caleb is be
sitting behind me and where everywhere
in same shirts and my lungs can be hot
behind me and kids aren't gonna be
through the holes and he and it's gonna
look like they're my arm but they're
really not it's Caleb's arms and he
can't see and he's gonna put makeup on
me it's kind of like a blindfolded thing
but you're doing it from behind so don't
worry we did not get away the hidden
thing it is not the not my arms
challenge it is something else that you
have to guess and you can I guess as
many times as you want on all the
peoples videos this week and maybe you
will get an inch by inch closer of what
you think it is because you got to use
everybody's videos for all your clues
alright so here we go
let's do this so this is all we're going
to show for the oh my gosh TV video um
if you want to see how it looks you need
to go over all oh my gosh TV and watch
it yeah we got here is putting on first
rate weight and just he have his head in
a hole and I don't know you both have
your heads in the hole how squeeze okay
don't worry nope and get it no but I
gotta work they got to bake for her I
hit the pan
Lucetta - is enough buddy you guys you
guys shouldn't have gotten in yet
because we haven't filmed the first part
of the oh my gosh okay let her out for a
second
we gotta film the beginning anyway Oh
smells horrible okay we just got
downstairs all practice and it is
raining so since it was raining and when
indoor batting practice thingamajigger
kebab erskine city city
and
so it's going to be back to baseball
because been a while how was the first
practice of a fall season and so with my
boss son I did very well why are we
wearing sunglasses draining
so sunglasses IP so the rain is again my
eye you're in a car
you just roll off
it's no funny
fun and wearing sunglasses in the rain
okay here's the next question why are
you wearing my sin
because our sunglasses what do you think
we should do on this rainy Saturday
night
I want to tell you tonight family movie
night and by me
me you I mean you made night swimming
what are the girls and watch another
movie what do you want to watch an
action movie an action movie
see so much just really not family movie
night
yeah okay
parents aren't night parents unlike yeah
the girls cash today so there is a sound
killed a night
got wrong then
she really creepy Alison
my son
i'ma roll I look like a secret agent by
wearing a baseball hat yes that even it
look more like a super inspired
forgiving you yes and bonus footage
because we did not feel much today and
they're not I want you so much fun now
I'm going to do it with me get behind
you now I'm ready to do my makeup but
first I have to take my head first I'm
going to put my face on
now we put it on all over fresh yeah
even on the neck don't let you take it
don't pin this on your hair it feels
really smooth on your face now my hair
is all messed up then I push the blush
we put this on all over your cheeks
which is more
and I am like them best and this is
gonna be beautiful
yeah on my cheek
and we're good now I'm saying my name is
blueish color this is gonna be beautiful
you
make sure you don't get them in your
eyes
perfection now uses mascara this can be
beautiful
now you put some fun
yeah we're Danny you're the work you're
welcome her be a little idea more and we
wanted to see if you guys were
interested in it um we just thought that
we had too many dolls and these are my
by two I have lime somewhere I don't
know is and we were planning to sell
them yeah cause he really read too many
that we don't play this so so isn't
Isabel misses it just like a make sure I
know how to save interesting and so the
plan is to auction auctioned off on eBay
for you guys so you can bet on them and
money is going to a charity we don't
know what charity going to do yet so we
just wanted to get your feedback if
anyone was interesting it interested of
bidding on one of these dolls hailey has
one but we keep trying to find her
clothes so calm down below if you are
like interested on bidding on one of
them and um what charity we should do
well donate too if we do this and you do
end up winning the bed you will know
exactly what they come with is your
channel the ebook ebook eBay eBay pages
you don't have yet but we will try if
you guys want to bet on these dolls to
do they come with these clothes we'll
try to find the boots and they also come
with the Petrelli Britain bracelet and
their clothes and their boots and a
signed autograph yay so you just know
it's Ross so we'll give you all the
details in an upcoming video and now
we're just going to go into the course
of the day we are doing it from our man
girdle box today and the random one and
the line picked was if you can do
perfect 100,000 up to 100 thousand
dollars to charity which one would you
do no way it is no it's not
that is crazy alright girls shall we do
now do you want to know you have to do
that one what what charity what charity
somebody who raises money for like a
good cause
like cancer research so I say if you
don't really know what charity we do so
we're just gonna say like a children's
charity that was really weird is a
coincidence
and does buy see tomorrow everybody sing
ah database database thanks for watching
Britt Ailey
