time for what tell me so I just finished
editing the video for tonight and Haley
sitting next to me watching waterslide
videos and it was up now it's over
laughs oh no no forget your tummy yeah
now and laughing to death because
they're gonna scream
it's a water about the closes you're
gonna get to a roller coaster Haley
Haley are you ever gonna ride a roller
coaster
a real one no no yeah why not why what
about for a million dollars two million
right now
three million you don't even have that
much money if I did would you do it for
five million dollars nope
five million dollar Tyler do you know
how much five million is yes it's Amelia
net dollar come on five million
l clue Paris so you're just gonna stay
here and watch rot waterslide videos and
live your life through them the whole
day yeah can we do something what's the
deal
did you lay all day that's the deal hey
what do I get out of this deal remember
you said that you wanted that sign
goddess
five million dollars never 105 dollars
okay from the tooth fairy
yeah you're gonna give me the $5 you're
gonna pay for computer time oh look what
don't want you that video ever don't
watch that that oh my gosh hi guys I'm
like what is it what is it a baby is
going on a divine no way
are you ready Oh fell look at all you
guys he is totes ready for raging waters
not running sweetie
do you know something I just realized
when we went to dinner at VidCon we met
them morning
he's a daily bumped
we didn't meet the baby we went to
dinner with them with our go yeah do you
remember them shout out the daily loans
so we got to do others intro oh my gosh
TV and there and now penguins doing it
yeah my part is gonna be our host right
yeah she has no idea what's going on you
guys seen that not my the dog with arms
videos on YouTube where the dogs eating
at the table and wearing a jacket that's
what we're going to try to film with
Piper for the audition um I'm dawood
vlogmas
we saw that so and Tyler would
understand eating and he has money it's
gonna take some practice I think daddy's
rearranging the place oh you're looking
out for you oh you're alright
we're going to see show debt that's hell
daddy how it looks
come over here Haley cuz you got to be
in charge of the treat I think it's
gonna work I gotta go get my computer
cuz that's where I wrote everything down
oh it looks good
you over a tree I would like some food
now in my mouth my mouth is right here
yes I can't reach it
my hands aren't helping me reach the
food I can't see anything I don't know
what I'm thinking right now ears Piper
Piper lagarde yeah it looks good I gotta
get the camera set up so keep her there
can you go get my computer that's where
the script is Piper you've got some
lines okay yep what's a line and action
wolf wolf the hot in there
thank you Oh Sookie please so Danny fell
asleep we were gonna have the kids all
do it do the audition for us but since
Danny was asleep we got the bright idea
to do Piper
doing the lionesses okay Hayley you're
gonna be up on the counter feeding Piper
tree and your job isn't gonna be to hold
the food up here so she can see it like
over here a little like this oh she's
seeing it okay all right hey lip give us
our countdown ready sick yeah why for
three yeah
why so we just finished the oh my gosh
even the toothless arrow auditions and
proposal really gets for but we don't
know what how it turned out
so we're gonna go my parents are gonna
go watch and hopefully I have made a
good job and um so you definitely should
go watch oh my gosh TV and toothless
they're auditioning videos see me want
to do and they and autist 25th this is
me from base we haven't been as to make
it on time
so we came back and decided to shop and
it's raining and Haley fell asleep on my
drive here are you ready to go in the
rain are you ready to be grouchy stop
Amy mommy he owned at me do you want an
umbrella should get grounded yeah she
needs an umbrella that made her happy no
she did not me I'm Blanca she is a what
Haley okay sometimes bratayley needs to
come out yeah we don't get to see her
very often which is good I mean she's
growing up no I'm with Han do you see
who a lot why are you talking like that
could he leave me mad she making you
frustrated yeah you know makes me mad
can't see my forehead
daddy shop copying off spongebob
alright I nominate your dad to go get
the umbrellas in the back love it
yeah so find out who your dad is oh and
my gosh I know he just didn't say that I
don't know he didn't should I cut that
out what do you think should I edit that
out
Hailey's call not knowing who your daddy
is like do you know who your daddy is
yeah I'm not your daddy you just got one
umbrella it's a baked one all right now
I nominate daddy to get out of the car
and protect us from the rain yeah mine
so I'm just for herself how about we
just walk in were like 10 feet from the
door I'm made of sugar I don't know
about you guys I will melt me too oh my
what's all point and laugh at daddy when
he gets soaked uh-huh is he soaked he
just locked us in he thinks he's funny
really know if we need the umbrellas he
might be right
Hayley's holding the umbrella you gotta
hold it extra high cuz I'm taller than
her
Jules crash um well I think you're the
wrong size I'm not sure but I think my
this was bop
when can you find something orange yeah
I can find it
orange
that's someone's I heard the picnic
basket oh I know you pick it so it can't
move it's taped go down one time oh
don't break the handle yeah that's the
course I still fall you guys are over
here yeah it might call him it's not on
very well
let's food but this is not for my good
you judge we are at shudders and we have
lucky when Andrea traffic um and we just
could discover it well I just just
discovered that there's a rainbow I see
the pretty rainbow look at that pretty
rainbow
it's a beautiful sight right next to the
cheddar sign oh what a great day Gail
I'm in ribbon enzymes ooh I'm ready to
eat some taste so how did like arm Are
you ill
how did huh I like honking like
rubberband they're like they're like
this yeah we thought rubber lighting
literally rubber and then they have
these hey that's what we bought when we
went shopping yeah for you Yahweh is
their day so he looks mad I wonder if
that means there's a long way oh yeah
there's a long wait see that face look
what's the bad news yeah one year one
year Haley you're gonna be able seven by
the time we sit down how long is it oh
my god this year yeah let's go how long
how long don't say more than 20 oh
that's horrible baked potato babe
thanks for watching
Britt Ailey
