time for my ue i domestics today and i'd
okay bigger can you believe it no
awkward and i finish and then we went
home and I got dressed and then we
decided to go and even no one could
decide of what they wanted to eat so I
got sonic and everybody else got
Chipotle but everybody got on it good
buzzer awesome and but mommy's a little
bummed because she can't um have her
soda but that's the only thing she likes
about Sonic and the chili cheese fries
you know me so well and yeah and look
who we got back our big goon jogger I
know that first night yeah that goon ha
ha ha what do that suka go you sit down
good boy after he's a good boy can we
keep him if you want a t-shirt please
hey how is the Little League World
Series game BTW did they win
yeah but who win the game a baseball so
who won a lot of teams were winning and
losing who lost that you were surprised
by who was the biggest upset Chicago
Chicago mommy daddy's here
ok now we're back because of that rude
interruption ok that rude interruption
brought us our drinks and Annie's food
ah you have a cow fact oh thanks thank
your a better holder than me
straw I dog laughing oh yeah we actually
not everybody got sorry drink hard um
yeah Annie didn't get a solid ring how
you come to Sonic and not get a sonic
drink there are other things here
besides soda what'd you do sit down and
talk dude oh ok different language
see I got a strawberry french-english
Haley got a grape slush and he's got our
water bottle from gymnastics and Caleb
are person well Haley is not doing the
challenge either but in Caleb is rubbing
in dr. pepper
what are you taking the nose out of
challenge whatever they make up that you
can do the non soda challenge we can't
drink anything wet soda oh that's what
I'm drawing
you're only gonna drink soda I figure
just kidding though oh really be bad I
need you to teach me how old are you
what level gymnasts and what grade are
you in
how much TV these you are not gonna move
up raise Devon in water shoutouts Oh
that'd be cool what are you doing bye
I am I posted on Instagram what a 1.2 do
an acro and a video um so I posted on
Instagram and now everybody sending me
some questions I'm just gonna give that
some people Odyssey um some shut up just
people that I freed favorite TV show
snare and know too much forever TV show
oh my favorite TV show
it's Jesse do you want to be an Olympic
gymnast dance on a seven gold dance
underscore on a seven um no I do not
you're better you have to who is your
inspiration for gymnastics
Amanda dah wait Amanda Oh God okay I
knew how
what color do you want Amanda a Fogerty
with an extra Y maybe okay yeah one of
the Olympic gymnast Mottola week maybe
Nastya loo maybe yeah I'll feel open
yeah
alright what stinks Piper it looks like
a good side but that's not it
yeah one more they're gonna have to tune
into your acro in a video do you want
alright two more we can't promise that
any of these will be on the a Quran a
video cuz hey if I gonna get lost in the
shuffle this is by Sammy dot Nicole dot
ten you will never use this but please
do what or who inspired you to do
gymnastics or start well I do not know
that because I started when I was two it
was because you lived in a Leo we're
always doing gymnastics around the house
then how did I know Jimmy I think I just
put a Leo on you cuz mary-kate gave you
an old one
okay yeah and I was a gymnast I thought
I'd be cool to put you in gymnastics to
see if you like it and the rest is
history and then last one drum roll
please okay it is hey Glenn dot new
happy twelve feelin one come on oh yeah
oh it's Caitlin dot n eh-eh FF II why
McCaffrey caffeine and happy Mahaffey
happy yeah how old are you and what law
would gymnast and what grade are you in
there goes sororities Stefan um I am
nine I am in level seven I would get
those fixed I always get I can't go away
well hair you confused about what lovely
we can't often do
then I think so I don't know what love
was and also with the Cayenne a long
time do you know yourself do you know
who you are
well I'm going into fourth game very
Annie meet Annie kill and what is your
favorite event in domestic about the
same person
you cheated that is from Molly the
muffin ha ha she's a muffin yeah you're
a muffin hmm
uh my favorite herb and never event
would be definitely nothing not oh no
ma'am anymore
let's see boy 4
so if you want to see more
question-and-answer videos and go to
crow Anna just go down and start down
yeah I go on Instagram
oh but your Instagram press han-shan
your way I have to like totally do this
okay so it's Benson these are all
lowercase PR e SS h a nd s T a and D s
fantastic well as you can see Piper's
really sad very sad Piper do me tell
them Piper
it's okay ah but no listen to me she's
doing even look at me she's walking away
she's so sad no never back up her side
um so I just filmed a 30-minute long
okay 30 minute long listen Ella's video
because you know I haven't uploaded
anything in a while and I am actually as
you can see I'm uploading two of my rage
video
because I've raged sometimes times in
The Hunger Games so I'm playing it
health and I get killed look right away
or in one of them it lagged and I got
pretty bad
so I've two of those and as you can see
one right here is already going and give
you that one look because I don't even
want to see a glimpse of it so anyways
that'll be posted today which will be
two days ago for you guys I think I
think that's how we do it but many ways
and what happened with 30 minute video
is of course it got late it give me a
Piper come on you can speak fun little
we're not talking right now I guess so
I'm gonna try to start a new series that
I thought of and I won't tell you
because you have to watch my videos to
see it and it could be great or it could
be very bad guess you're gonna find out
or a pepper come on speak to me say whoa
whoa dig into the noon approved new lock
Oh Hayley this trip yeah so here is her
tea look so what she has here yeah she
has a base and it's like this the light
base that to match her skin and she also
has a blood
she is eyeshadow with two different
colors one on her lids and one on the
crease and a pinch of mascara eyeliner
and very red lipstick and the next
question is why where'd you get all the
makeup I get it whose makeup
okay because I can jerk make you descend
mommies mommies the girls having fun I
don't
I get for this I'm giving back something
or oh okay we'll be back we'll be
matching
introducing the new Eddie I didn't know
hot bit too did not any use for her she
use yours
I use the same thing here this face I
hate is your food bleeding and I just um
I couldn't dried it up and I use a paper
towel and popped it off now you're the
toothless wonder
yeah hailey do you want me to clean your
mouth huh yeah oh yeah you're yeah yeah
mm-hmm go go get cleaned up the hurt
yeah where did your teeth go for second
tooth body bloody just popping out of it
yeah you didn't have the regular tree
much well no I kind of wiggle it it what
wiggled it while we were watching TV and
then she goes upstairs and she sees this
plane which good Hey how could that I
did it and I go white and she go yeah my
tooth is bleeding and I go he's just let
me dry it up and I put down the blood
out and I popped it off we didn't know I
I just popped it off and she looks in
the mirror and go I think I swallowed it
when I go here you can just Oh whew 200
babies grow it up over six I know Tim I
don't
okay no hey how about no Yeley nah what
a day what a day
yeah what we didn't L what else are we
doing Hayley you got any other teeth to
lose today that would be fun yeah next
are your two front teeth yep your top
front okay they hurt no feels the same
as what you've been doing cutter Pro now
so that we are spending our time
organizing your school stuffing right
now I'm just do believe we have this um
thing made and the out the LA California
trip meet-and-greet and it is made by at
lovelies mile and such miles and such
how I doubt it Fez what lovely smiles
and such lovely smiles and such okay
there that makes more sense we were
trying to figure out what it was
oh I guess I started because I figured
um the UM person of the day so the
question of the day is
would you like um your ice cream on a
cone or a cup I would like it on the cup
I like it more comments because I really
don't eat the ice cream I kind of like
eat it and then I get like that much and
then I throw it out and then I just need
to come so I try to trace this or copy
it or something ever since that's just
me not looking at it trying to roller
Minnie Mouse and I've just been trying
to do it ever since we've gotten this
very well I've ever since you've been
home from the Murray and yeah so right
now let's see how this turns its cutest
dog in the world
Caleb's odd let's buy a new puppy kick
so we still can't find this is that book
um still my favorite book so that's why
Haley made up her own mushroom today so
don't forget to come to the looks Bunin
oh the question of the day is this with
that would you rather your ice cream on
a cup or cone hi babe
thanks for watching
Britt Ailey
