today I'm potato Saturday look what I
did to our gorgeous new car come on yeah
what's up me and Dylan are on set today
yeah that's it that's pretty much it
we're on set and I think you guys knew
that from the question of the day last
night yeah vlog failures because I think
we've literally picked up the camera
once today and it was you right Annie
hey guys we're at the gas station and
we've had a crisis of phone chargers not
working our one phone charger that but
cord in here so we literally just found
the gas station we need it we needed gas
- why there's one right there like these
are the problems of life either this is
real life like we need these no we're
fine with charitable right now how it
was fully charged I don't think it died
I think cray cray anyway I literally
think this is the second time we picked
up the camera today's been crazy like on
set was hard to film couldn't do any
behind the scenes because it was just I
was in a meeting and with Daddy and they
can't film mother it's just it was just
crazy try not to make excuses in life
but here we are
Annie's going to a training today for
acting Haley's got the same one tomorrow
they couldn't get them at the same time
so that's where we're going we're
wrapped for chicken girls we're headed
out what time is it for for 41 on this
beautiful well come on LA this is what
I'm talking about
on this wonderful la evening Tuesday
when you don't know where today is
Tuesday March 20th oh stop stop right
there
is today the first half Spring is March
20th the 20th of the 21st today the 20th
I know but as spring I think it's the
first day of spring
when's the first day of spring till June
20th
you guys la come on this is not what I
call the first day of spring imagine how
beautiful would be with those palm trees
in the blue sky or just a couple couple
clouds there - rolling by so that's your
update we're literally sitting in a car
waiting for him to buy another cord
because - obviously wasn't enough real
life yo when your kids don't pay
attention to the vlog anymore unless
they're holding the camera you know that
the people have noticed that I'm sure
they have that's okay
sometimes we need to just mean their
rate like normal they'll comment down
below is it better when I'm holding the
camera or when they're holding the
camera or do you like a little bit of
both like we usually do
we always like your input like a
choose-your-own-adventure no promises
though guys hey today's vlog is a car
vlog you want the camera we are
apparently
tell me in the car all day because we're
in the car all day let me see everybody
was the camera today y'all Annie's been
in this lesson for yeah and we're trying
to figure out whether we think it's a
good thing or a bad thing that either
she's really really good awesome I love
rebar and he's just not get what she's
like she's like um you can't get this in
like five so we're wondering when she's
gonna be out we're literally in the car
and she's so we were not late getting
here but so we were on our way here and
I was not paying attention look what I
did to our gorgeous new car come on it's
it it's very pretty isn't it
we I scraped all the way from the store
right here all the way back here
it was the gas station we were pulling
out oh my gosh guys we were getting we
were getting gas and daddy cunningly was
trying to look at my phone for
directions and you were going left or
right he just cut the wheel and it
happened the last time that happened was
in New York but that wasn't his fault he
was paying attention for that not that
you weren't paying attention today it
just you just miss read the how close
you were to little bit slower than the
door obviously as you can see from it's
all the way down at the bottom so we're
gonna get that fixed
you had to make an insurance claim and
unfortunately it was a claim that it was
we were at fault no one the pole that
pole jumped out in front of me the red
dot on my tongue okay she's been in
there an hour and 18 I don't see
anything
Oh should we have to let her into how'd
it go was that fun yeah you have to give
Haley all the tips so that farthing is
easier tomorrow
yeah what's one tip you're gonna give
her real quick
but why Oh their secret recipe actually
she's right we shouldn't give away any
secrets tips that someone other heard
those are yeah that are the acting
coaches tips okay well as long as it
went well and you had fun then you need
a buckle up actually you need to buckle
up even if it wasn't fun get off your
phone quit smiling at your phone for the
record I do sometimes give away David
tips but he's already told me that he
doesn't okay anyways guys we're gonna
probably go find somewhere to eat and
we'll be back wake up
you're tired I gotta go pick out clothes
over tomorrow huh home messy home loving
it
notice she has two blankies slept
without it so why can't you do that when
you're home if you can do it for Dylan
what you think afraid I'm gonna take it
from you what you get in there we're
talking to your voice somebody's hit
Annie and Hailey some goodies but I feel
like this makeup might be appropriate
from what I looked on there you're gonna
show them the goodies why not okay but
we're gonna forget yeah if you doesn't
want to do it you can tell me didn't
show a little unboxing you wear makeup
and have a blankie mmm-hmm sure got a
problem with it you know
and Hayley big fans of yours you are
such a cutie you guys are such cuties
welcome to the colour-pop fam and enjoy
these goodies we're gonna take this and
may not be as messy hey first thing that
I say is the pretty fly color pop
eyeshadow palette it looks like just
push this out Oh cute next thing we have
lips
we have lips this is it this is it these
are some lip stuff I'm so excited this
is this is a dark bright oh yeah it is a
bright one
oh it's pinky ready then we have one
more
then the last thing that we got there's
this lip color like my like a cherry red
instead of like a dark dark red like a
brakeman yes and that's our quick little
hole little unboxing so yeah that's it
see you soon for the one of the day
maybe or when we get food so we got the
food and we are excited and Annie is
trying on lipstick jailer
well can I do a haha tarp shake tape oh
wow
mommy's but I just wanted to make sure
it fit and he when I get it Wow also
your settings babe
you'd be alright we have oh stage oh hey
guys is Zion
Mordecai skin the day that's how I know
it's time for the question tada
Wow hair was another day I got pretty
yeah the question of the day is yeah if
you could dye your hair huh sandy color
what would it be
cheese no I start from longer my pink
blonder like
right pink I don't write don't forget to
call me below
we all want to go to sleep don't forget
to company looks we today's if you could
dive here one color what would it be or
two colors or whatever how many colors
bye bye guys
see you tomorrow remember to celebrate
thanks for watching Vitaliy
