today on bikini who are you talking to
me hey guys so I just got done with the
six-hour gymnastics practice earlier
today and we pretty much came home and
everyone - yeah um so it's really we
really haven't done much today um we
just came home I just came home and
everybody she took a nap because we were
all really tired so if we do something
interesting we will come back on
you guys but really we're not doing
anything interesting today that we know
of and we have a done anything
interesting today so today's video is a
just all messed up because we took our
naps and so we're just going to move
right now we're eating Jen dinner
finding and we're going to do a partial
die high-low but don't worry stop the
end of the video I like to hold you
looks a little messed up because of her
ABS it's not the end of the video so
maybe after dinner we'll go outside and
remove the trampoline and stuff mmm try
to entertain keyboardist try and can and
Caleb is a still at Luke's house right
not at Luke tough he's with Luke he's
still with Luke do you know where your
brother is lit Tulley series Little
League World Series do you know what the
Little League World Series is there you
go uh-huh you thought wrong
and my high is too much today this might
have been a bad day to pick I love or
maybe a really good day to pick hi-low
depending on how you think of lazy days
oh my is that um I rearranged the
American Girl doll house and my room is
my American Girl Aldrin room is bigger
we'll have to see that later okay okay
and Milo is that we're not going
anywhere today nope lazy lazy day hey my
I'm bubbly anytime hey what was your
what was a need high that she rearranged
her dolls bedroom you're happy that she
rearranged her dolls bedroom okay just
checking
done and you're low on you made a happy
plate how do you do that not yet and
you're low so we did have a good day
today
why was it a good not a good day because
we were lazy
laughs you don't like to be lazy come on
everybody's allowed to have a lazy day
everyone's a new mommy I'm telling mommy
I'm filming sorry
so remember when I told you guys that I
got I rearranged it all house well my
room medium was right here this is
Hannah gemstone this is the playroom I
got beanbag I got that stuff in the
chisme and then here's my room now the
being that his name's sinnamon um so I
have a Julie and sage and then a beanbag
my pet fuzzy and Joey's bad and then all
her like stuff that she does at night
water and then
kids in the back room Dragutin and
living room where i will be right back
so we let's have this soap easy news
Busan
yeah and we have this first not using it
and mini else and then I have his bun
yeah mm-hm
then we have a horse over a cup everyone
have a yeah okay toilet paper and this
toilet that was Ashley was um a hair
salon thingy but we using as a toilet
and you did we're pretending that is
trashed and that help is like oh that's
a trash can
okay but here's why how do you like my
given I love the room now we have real
trash oh okay so you can get the diamond
doubt what's this this is a big bang
I was it a pillow though would you make
it out of mana Haley's heart pin it okay
we wrapped in her Snuggie yeah two dolls
in here yo and I want to look at some
American Girl dolls me when I came here
I doesn't mean McKenna I can't has gone
she was the Girl of the Year mommy but
is just like she's very sad that she
didn't order McKenna when McKenna was
the yeah doll of their granny woods
don't live with regrets they're not the
end of the world then we have more
clothes right up here okay yeah magical
strength Oh dirty clothes but I look
like your room with your dirty clothes
in a pile back I am
okay so it's okay so you're very you're
dr. D closer in somebody else's room
amazing what a little nap can do so
we're all ready to go now aren't we yeah
okay you each have one shot and one shot
only to show me your coolest trick
you've got your coolest trick to me well
my favorite is when you jump in the air
and do well it will be it with other
guys that it would be your back full
you're what's wrong here they scared
about it
yeah well good what's wrong with the
yellow bug sure oh that just jumped on
me that's what's in here baby
okay a bug is a bug people
jumped on me yeah well you're blurry now
I'm looking at the bug VIPRE just pulled
me over if you squash them they're gonna
be squashed guts all over you're
trampling I would shoo them away Oh
Piper you're killing my arm who are you
talking to girl attacks bug tomorrow
night at 7 p.m. on bratayley channel oh
you just stole that for me run and
scream like a little girl
you know don't squish it shoo it away
like Annie said take your shoe and scoop
scrape it this way
we do you it mommy
I don't think I can reach it come on the
trampoline oh yeah easy for you guys to
say my brother you camera G camera oh
okay so now I'm gonna give you guys my
mom so she can promise doing some tricks
and then we are going to go inside and
watch the newest episode of Girl Meets
World cuz we really like that chef Haley
won't be joining you for coolest trick
if she got mad somehow on the second bug
I think she wanted to scrape it off but
I didn't hear her talking for Piper one
butter from Explorer Jean what's up let
me take a selfie
oh good let me take a selfie barbecue no
sorry
one
I tried it once it works unless people
exist so yeah I could not do that
hi guys it's me huge today I'm going to
show you parakeet I haven't talked to
Martina but I am still going through my
teen dad to our house so we help juniors
video
one two three four five six seven
so I hope in your my video about my
routine and if you want to check out my
with long routines when I was metal
I see yeah so we're washing line vidya
before we go to bed but just don't
forget to calm them looks we don't know
chrismad a high low by 2:00 tomorrow
yeah good night girls I love you baby
thanks for watching
Brit Ailee
