time for what can you eat so today's a
very exciting day because he just
finished our first video on oh my gosh
TV it's all right now as we speak
yep so go check all the links out and
it's a skive go check it out yeah so
today's video is going to be a little
bit shorter because we spent most of our
filming time um filming the oh my gosh
TV and so go check that out because
that's where most most of today's video
is going to be on oh my gosh TV but
we're only going from a little bit here
we'll from a little bit more um on the
question video later today again so
we're gonna write the animals in because
Andy didn't get to rise of mass
extraction visually
and so hopefully are still gonna be
there
the merge yeah wait talk to people you
gotta wait in line all right
all right go ahead don't run anybody
over oh yeah you guys match
you better move daddy
about how it came out yeah smile oh my
goodness where's your tooth though oh my
goodness it's so tiny you are so nervous
the other night are you better now huh
did you look in the mirror yet yes what
do you think and they're kind of beard
wait till you lose the front ones oh
yeah I got awkward I mean I like stuff I
am does it feel weird when you put your
thumb Tong there yeah I can't believe it
hi I didn't even get to wiggle it out we
just came out by himself
that was uneventful but yeah yeah it's
happy but I was really loose I'm making
the easy shot to these clothes I drew my
gun I was willing you who hit me tongue
really hard I was trying to get out and
I saw this um it dropped and then I saw
this white thing
so I screamed he's alright yeah yeah
what happened what would have happened
if you'd swallowed it I would choke why
not that'd be bad yes I'm glad you
didn't swallow it
where's my teeth I don't know I wanted
to get a picture of you with it - he's a
tooth monster heats teeth I need to get
my phone so I could take a picture
look what miss Paula Paula found my gosh
put your tooth in there so we don't lose
the edges smiley face on it I'm totally
okay oh right now you can wear it for a
second but let me still hold on to it
because how sad would it be to lose your
first tooth like to really lose it not
just lose it out of your mouth but to
lose it lose it Oh Lenny
are you sure what if it breaks and falls
out I'll be careful okay you're gonna be
really careful best day ever
yes yeah it's just finally in facing
there what's up ah
toppy so I am going to sneak outside
just me on on then they're playing
baseball and I and when K has to be
permission what don't blow patios even
when we say we're not gonna film a lot
cuz we filmed a long video already we
still find ourselves out here what's up
let's tell them what they're doing okay
so Kayla's closing his eyes watch this
is cool
daddy's pitching the ball and saying
swing and Caleb swings and he's gonna
try to hit it now okay yeah alright
again
you think I hired a rhythm now
oh he was really close earlier oh that
was so close
oh we got to get one on camera that is
so close now
now
so close guess what guys I lost another
tip I asked analyzed it uh it's Wiggly
she's got another Wiggly - yeah do you
know like Annie was little she lost her
very first tooth one night and then the
next day she lost her other one I wonder
do you think you're gonna lose this one
tonight are you thinking Earl lose it
tomorrow like just like am i how Wiggly
is it it's not that one
we had another freak out when she
realized because it was just bleeding a
little bit and we had a mini panic
attack like we did the other night
hey um is your little fish on blue is
yellow one of the other one was the
first night or I know the one was Pat oh
yeah okay no they don't want to see that
all right you're gonna be just like your
sister I guess and lose one one day and
the next second one the second day
that's crazy
go better now yeah it's not bad it's
normal that's not you don't act normal
sometimes
you're going to look really weird if you
lose both of them wash your hands yeah
and then put it in a mouthful yeah let's
wash your step face up let's wash your
mouth out with soap la that would be bad
yeah look I know so much for a short
video right guys yeah we just can't do
it can we tell me just can't as much as
we try to have a short for tailee video
because we filmed so much for our other
channel we still have a long retaining
video h v HT what if we got home from
Sid Sydney's house and where I'm going
to bed yet but hey we wanted to put her
juice on her pillow on video so she's
gonna come don't be scared it's tangled
in her hair okay yeah no it's still
tangled there we go all right yeah give
us one more smile for the camera with
that missing tooth alright put it under
your pillow put it under your pillow
okay deep breathand ready for use the
whole necklace alright I sleep I hit
your hair it's not gonna hurt you're not
gonna even feel it get booty out of the
air hyper I put up all the time anyways
well today we are going to do a cushion
today from is it this is a book so just
pick a random and ran the page
ready stop right there
ready that one okay be a Fabio fam a
fabulous cook or eat most of your meals
at restaurants
oh-oh-oh eat most of my meals at
restaurants that's how you do I would
like to be a fabulous cook me too and I
figured Haley would want to be a
fabulous cook anyways so don't forget to
calm down relax even though the question
today is to O be a fabulous cook or eat
all your meals at a restaurant yeah
ah
baekpa take up a thanks for watching
Britt Ailey
