time for my ue hello ok so we are about
to go treat um Bethenny to Chipotle Abby
what do you think it's gonna be like
Chipotle it's gonna be like to pull what
is gonna get I don't know what they have
there oh I don't have to pull a where I
live so what are you gonna get nothing
why are we bringing you huh just watch
me yeah Oh what you think it's not weird
at all understand I just realized
looks like you're trapped how do you
like this share good that is TV goes
trapped in your rooms like that
it's only it's only $3,200
yeah only
like that thing yeah
you would play with that thing for two
seconds and then you wouldn't play with
it oh man
yeah there's things you keep breaking
all the time me
young dollars me
you can't talk about dollar tree like
that damn fine
I'm gonna follow this poem is my turn
turn
turning
good question suppose the fall the fall
friends why didn't you get the monkey
but when you're done they can go in the
Panda but you have it - you're done
it's got a timer on ok turn you want to
you want to get off hey turn hard hard
there you go I got these trying to pass
he's using a PIT maneuver candy bars
stuff nuts they don't know that we'll
have here let's start off with a smart
expeced every we're just going to eat
yeah and where's this kit candy from
yeah yeah yeah what's our office region
has been forget what I said we're lucky
these are called Smarties
it's Marky here or Pisa and everyone
cries water cooler and I want to put
yeah whatever
and what kind of what are these bees I'm
gonna flip her and they don't really
have flavors it's just like their
chocolate so okay one thing I know what
they taste good they say one it must be
good cuz all I hear is that one um
next I'll give you some eat all this God
that smells like coffee no no nothing
like it
Oh smooches big piece right that go yeah
I knew Caleb and Haley would like it
Kate the love okay this one is do you
like it Annie yes and he's taking all oh
wow Oh black hey love you harder
oh wow anyways too much like coffee
we'll save this okay no need to say all
right
he's more like laughs and the arrow no
see this much yes say this bad ones
well I think that one that we think you
guys know like I said that happen that
you've tried everything one of these
already
ah
to try dollars okay i-i've just got
crispy crunch opener but like I wonder
if it's like a Nestle's crunch yeah yes
in it oh yeah it's peanut butter I'm not
trying this no Karen excellent now I
know for sure this year my favorite
candy bars ever okay no yeah no oh yeah
those days like a Nestle Crunch yeah
okay next one we shouldn't have gone out
for laughs so let's do the arrow on the
road see if I don't own it making others
in the it's basically just chocolate oh
and you like chocolate you're probably
like that's right yeah that one too hey
am I gonna like this kind Jacqueline I
just chocolate
let's go chocolate barrel that's good
saving you alright last one I think
everyone will like and it is a chocolate
milk caramel I will definitely like that
one I like the arrow - is that what that
was yeah that was good
alright go to Canada just every week to
give somebody sure you want me to risk
it
knowledge person use one yeah yeah right
hmm that's delicious
mm-hmm how do I get my favorite was
though caramel my favorite well laughter
choose one did it it's probably between
the Smarties and the caramel cat
probably have to choose Carol Paola
caramel and Smarties
my best - thank you yeah I have to say
this crispy crunch really better than
the coffee one what hi and here's
another question for Bethany did you
like Chipotle today yes yes shouldn't
anybody else like this it's a little
with it the husband's we are going back
to school shopping gives me I'm along
it's not gonna house really sneaking out
something over going yeah just cool and
say like that and because my sister's
already went back to school shopping so
it's not me and my mom's turn to go oh
my turn so then me and my mom can have
some Sun mom time and um why are we
going back to school shopping why we're
all going back to school shopping
because we're gonna be doing a video
like you know like a fashion type show
with all of our new look shirts and
stuff and I'm not gonna have any clothes
because
come on young man you have plenty no man
man and it's plenty of shoes true I
don't central homeschooled we don't need
a lot of things but of course you're
doing okay go to school with with a
pencil and no piece of paper you no sane
man
so are you will be showing you the
supplies we got and the girls clothes on
an upcoming video you why even your ears
Oh
anyways um well we just got back from
eating some dinner yeah we just got back
like really good oh really what Oh
seafood now it's time for the question
of the day which is which is which I
thought argue again oh goody the day is
what is you have for breakfast this
morning
ah I had them in toast crunch with some
chocolate chips with some chocolate milk
with some setup knuckle chocolate chip
waffles chocolate chip waffle okay and a
hard hat
oh where the magic begins
I have Froot Loops okay i choco lava
with the no syrup don't forget to calm
down blocks we wouldn't know the
question of the day is what did you get
what did you eat for breakfast this
morning
by tomorrow
potato baked potato baby thanks for
watching Britt Ailey
