today on bikini in time for what Amy
good morning guys who were all just
starting to get up except for Chanukah
she's at gymnastics and look at what the
hailer did she woke up and put itself
back to sleep on the dog yeah she went
back down
hey Piper once so Oh sir
so yeah see how long it takes for Piper
to get up I'm gonna go get a treat and
see if pie if it gets enough
oh good
there she goes for a little treat
I have a few errands to run and one of
them is getting Haley's glasses fix the
other night no the other day ish night
to the evening actually her blends that
popped out of her glasses here her lens
I don't know if you can see on camera
there in the bottom right here glasses
so we're going to get the screws losses
groups the screws are like really tiny
so we lost the screw and they're just
going to fix it
they're going to just got full um we
were I just got back from gymnastics and
then they went home to get out of my
leotard so we had the rest of the day
just getting things done so we decided
to get a little back to school shop and
done but we're homeschooled so we're
gonna call it back to home school shop
it yeah well we could call it back to
school home school or we could just go
and target and not call it anything
you're not fine I'm extremely fun right
yeah you need fun
I invented fun now fun fabulous good
time we're gonna have God dad
God invented fun yeah yeah I think
you're right
so we're acting on and
justice and in the side we have some
back-to-school stuff and we will show
you what isn't in this bag
in an upcoming video and it's gonna be
like in fact supplies and back-to-school
clothes all in one video
when we're storing headed home what you
doing that was slick sure you got to
land at those piper thank goodness you
have a net land it I think you got all
the way around
you just have to land it now guess what
Annie did a gymnastics today how many
standing back tuck should you do without
a mat seven I don't think we're quite
ready to do them out here on the yard
yet but soon why they even say anything
you got to go drag the mat out now with
a whip
yeah about a foot away from ziplock and
you jump but teach you like a whip okay
that's my my hands are down here do my
favorite trick that you do the one that
I did the slow-mo on you know what I'm
talking about
or you jump really high and you go under
your tummy yeah yeah as high as you can
high as you've ever gone before that's
pretty high
now I'm smile and wave at me on your
belt if I land one okay but don't know
but I can I'll do it yes I will
you better hurry the rains coming in we
felt a few sprinkles you work well under
pressure so Annie got here trying to
film an echo in a video for the week
with standing back tucks her feet are
hurting so we're probably almost done
and the rain coming in and the sun's
going down
yes
all right I just spotted her and she
didn't need me so here she goes we've
got our cheering section over here be
ready to cheer guys when she lands it to
good and yell are cheering what happened
- cheers now we are we do have the mat
folded once that gives are about an inch
all right cheering section are you ready
oh you're alone you've got you and your
two imaginary friends would have won van
and two imaginary all right you got this
she does this you better cheer
oh so close yes so close that was super
close why follow me
I like the canoe - I do I take break not
you're tired I thought we were two great
breasts resting oh yeah what a creo
Ana's nothing
so did you run this over with the
lawnmower what is it I saw him from up
there so I know he did this is the part
of the septic tank I think this SPG
poopoo tank under the ground Caleb
not good it's not good for the lawnmower
and I don't think it's gonna damage that
too bad
okay well then yeah I got it whoa what
was that cool and why are you wearing a
knees back-to-school sweatshirt it
doesn't fit you at all Oh doesn't fit
you at all you are you're going oh
goodness oh you scared me
yours buzz be resting okay let me see uh
not quite
man Caleb you are really good at the
trampoline
Piper's all up in your face done back
very proud of myself for doing it like
this because last time we came out here
I couldn't even make it on this and now
I did they also got person to that check
at the gym but gym floor springy so yeah
how much she's got about an inch of help
Piper what do you see up there Haley Oh
bread Haley's here what's wrong with her
Caleb what you do he hurt my baby what
do you do
I'm not you landed in her head so that
no that seems impossible like his arm
went through your stomach oh go oh don't
go
right in front but Wow Haley you do a
running one show me that she has really
good tricks just show is this Haley can
be in the Accra and the video - doing
cartwheels and Annie can be doing
aerials
Oh a one-handed yeah y'all take turns
one going on the other the be cool okay
Caleb no okay wow that looked like it
hurt
okay anybody have a question of the day
so we can finish this bit up for the
night that's that is this without one
vs. Wade misses ask for a while yeah how
about cramps it doesn't happen it could
be high low the question today is high
low and if you don't know that high low
is it means usually we do the set first
usually we do this at the dinner table
because I think it's a really cool game
to do accidentes no but we're just gonna
do it for a question today right now
because we don't have anything
so what high low is your gonna tell
everybody or in your family you're on
youtube or on your video your um do it
the best part of your day which is your
high
and then you're going to tell them the
saddest part of all know people you love
us off
so if high-low so my high of the day is
during my standing back Takata gym
my low of the day is that I couldn't I
that I couldn't make one on a flat
surface at help I wanted to get bad yeah
you'll get next year next year so my
high is that that whoa that I that I can
throw the ball for farts oh yeah he he
um wanted to show show me to begin to
the ball over the roof her into her
neighbor sidle the other side and it he
said tell me if I can throw it as far as
the trampoline on the other set in the
front and he threw it all the way back
there and can't find it now oh yeah and
her low was the father I've been working
on because it was blue and then I made a
white so that's your low cuz it was your
favorite ball then I got to hang out
with my family that's okay you tried to
give it to Caleb and Haley like I hurt
myself know how to do that Caleb haha
don't forget to calm it down below we
cuz we want it out wait
this is a complete fail the question of
the day is high-low by tomorrow
baked potato babe
thanks for watching
bratayley
