time for what Ali I'm going to a
birthday party we're at Target to get
her a birthday present and we are doing
this at the last second because I think
we were like busy this week so I should
be at the party
around right after lunch and I just got
off of gymnastics so we're kind of
rushing to get the birthday present
mm-hmm I wish it was closer oh not too
close remember my prom it's been a
commercial this and he and service
members and their numbers and I will and
he said I wish I wish it was closer to
close the Smurfs
yeah Smurfs - he goes he goes so it goes
I think it ever heard somebody knock on
my window that was creepy nah it was a
long time ago it was like July 17th not
coming out and go on and then he goes
well this was in 2013 and he goes well I
wish you I wish it was closer then it
goes to close I got my camera and I got
my water or saving time shopping and
eating at the same
now we're going to go see if there's a
present that you think she would like my
mom saw a comment about my new sort of
challenge and like I asking me how it
was going and I started at may 17 on May
17th and today is August 7 so carefully
March April major
it will be mom a need help what I
started May 17 and it is August 7th
throw married June June to July July to
August August 7 so I've almost done it
three months yeah but it's two months
and 30 20 days for 19 days so it'll be 3
months on August 13 it will be 3 month
yeah it would be 3 months on August 17
you started it what go
it may have 19 yeah yeah that's right
yeah and how's it going like if I why
are you wanting soda yeah are you
craving it at all yeah are you gonna
drink soda when you hit a year uh-huh
you are gonna taste this oh yeah so my
mom just took me up from one of my
friend's birthday parties and it was
Little House on the Prairie David it was
so cute I had just a lot of fun and her
mom hand soda this apron and then to
match it she got these little bows and
another one of my friend's mom braided
her hair
and there were just like so it would be
like pretty much we're pioneers for a
day and now I get to come home and
Sydney's gonna come over yay my mom's
gonna help her mom with some youtube
stuff and we're gonna play in our
American Girl doll house hey Jess come
Cottondale his room and she's got every
single one of her dolls out on the floor
put blankets into through all of the
rooms messed up the kitchen hmm what are
you gonna do about it I'm gonna make it
cleaned it up
sounds like a plan but right now she's
smelling my a because you smell that dog
I know that dog was amazing it looks
like a bear
are you jealous and he cheated on you
with another dog now he's blocking it
off for me
Hey how dare you
she's over it you know I could probably
get her dress laughs is she sleeping now
can you open this for me it was a party
favor and he got some Jam he mad at me
Mom you cheated on her yeah come tell me
all about it
Piper illah she wants this but look at
Matt does your apron my luck but it's a
boy when it
chalkboard with a party favor that was a
comedy favor fun party
gave anyone is no Stephanie that I gave
them are they going to dance they're
here Piper's favorite person is here and
favorite dogs
hi Caleb I missed you so much
ot it does bite goodness Piper oh we're
so happy to your home a bathroom camp
and I have one more half-day already
right through this back in back in doing
that I would've been cool do it maybe
the ball actually has to land in your
glove though oh I know I'm a good
baseball teacher
what kind of baseball player do you call
yourself about right nice that wasn't
good
what was wrong with that
I was fancy almost in the splits oh-ho
showing the skill
and y'all going to pop up I'll catch
them alright ready
don't let me down
it's really hard to throw the ball and
pay attention to where I'm filming I
lost this ball you said I'm in trouble
Mayday Mayday missing ball is it really
gone it's not gone
see for a second how long down sit I
know okay ready
this is impossible to make you die
almost fell down the stairs now where
are you at why didn't you pull out dive
gone forever
you're the cutest powder I've ever seen
me and Sid and Hayley yeah are the fit
finishing our American Girl how's my
girls dollhouse and this is what it
looks like
my American riddles room her American
Girl dolls room playroom and I that's a
big honor I'm sleeping on the floor oh
jeez dishrag yeah okay and then a
bathroom toilet sink toilet playroom
beanbag titi TV and I'll just am at my
living room TV um couch rug plan them in
a kitchen up tart kitchen kitchen
Oh Fred Fred and table where'd you get
the Frisians mommy gave it to us when
yesterday
so yeah that's our little toys and a
toilet paper roll which we made
ourselves oh yeah and a phone and all
this other stuff ah we've pretty much
made all of this from our magic oh yeah
so yeah that's what we're doing right
now and mommy we got some look at it cuz
she's having a grown-up conversation I
love how you're doing this in your
birthday apron birthday party apron and
your skirt quite amusing
are you warmed up yet Caleb looks so
lonely over there and bright not that
kind of bright with that
come on Caleb Wow
three quarters again yes I want to see
Caleb do it everybody freeze let Sydney
go yeah can you zip though trampoline
zip it a trampoline Matt Thank You Annie
you do something anytime soon yeah I
suppose let me watch Halley's left turn
Haley that was close
okay guys pick from see number five six
we're doing really he's an extra 70 78
I'm through 78 six through someone else
acclimate um I choose 17 no as she's 18
pick one stop okay
pick a number between so one through
nine um eight seven eight seven why go
for the lower number me and Russell what
are things I have a magical nanny like
Mary Poppins or a seeing that
Net Nanny like Meriton Markus Aria like
The Sound of Music
um Mary Poppins from New York
Maria your sound of music comes on of
music Mary okay this is so fun we're
gonna do another one we cannot but it's
my turn to read it okay pick your number
through six to 7880
actually I say 63 area okay see 665 like
that honey but there's no it doesn't you
just say it no CC baby oh my gosh she
doesn't know the count
none okay I did I picked by some point
celebrate only your 100th birthday
together we celebrate every birthday
together for the next 20 years every
birthday for the next 20 years
yeah everybody right now this is so fun
we're gonna do anyway no matter sir
yeah no it's good hey I did my god well
do both all right let's do 59 you only
the first one already I can you read the
first one already man all right you read
the first one okay likkle one you read
the first one one two three four five
six seven eight I pick for you get for
short time for coin one to live next
door to your parents live in a knife and
stab I'm supposed to read stuff no no
I'm do a different one head two five
supply hmm can live in the middle of a
huge city live 100 miles away from your
closest neighbor live in the middle of a
huge snow live 100 miles from your
closest neighbor yeah I'm probably in
about no I want a big city though I want
one a big city so I would say middle cuz
I want a decent-sized like me
because I want my kid if I have kids
oh wait this is a really good one to
take a vacation candy in Alaska or
touring the Art Museum of Paris of Paris
Paris taking one in case I happen enough
you know how cold a yeah I do
how many coats do you do need for you
read my lips then sure yeah anyways yeah
so I'll read all of them begin I'm not
sure I'm know I'm really just kidding I
cannot do that
wait let's take it all okay yeah I don't
really remember question of the day if
you don't remember good what's your name
Oh back into the video and figure that
because you forgot it yes okay three
device in my lucky day you're the winner
of the Olympics and I fuckface baked
potato babe I
thanks for watching
bratayley
