a long day gymnastics and um no really
I'm excited to get the marital house and
mommy and Hayley went to the store today
and got an American girl kitchen and
yeah that's all yupper doodles
can you feel yep pretty goals that's
pretty much it and the award for laziest
dog goes to and then any guesses
Freddie's not lazy
oh good ward for clumsiest job goes to
lady's dog goes to cushy well she was
pretty lazy but I think today Piper wins
the award today for laziest and most
clumsy
so we are excited to announce that my
girls doll has arrived into our house in
Hades we're just really excited we have
all of our we have our American girls
and I have so then we're just gonna put
it ends it this is even gonna be the
kitchen and we don't know which what's
gonna be on the other rooms and up here
is where all of our very little clothes
go on that Brackman I don't really know
what you're supposed to put like okay I
think it's up you can do anything
Julie is moving in at night off
so right here I have all her clothes and
Haley made me a pet a pet elephant again
mission Gator back from it yes my pets
gonna go I'm um thinking that the phone
is that ability your spoon or like one
of our reasons
well I guess the phony is a wash
my room guys cute come on there is not
enough room for you so um now we're
going to put our dough in their rooms
and it's going to be up shooter with all
their clothes effect right here
this is gonna be my room
now it might it might take Henry a while
to get all the wrestlers on robots that
she wanted so here all jewelry recession
close so I'm going to put those up there
we're just putting dueling close-ups
here on strap and if I see there it's
difficult because we don't have any
little anger I'm just gonna put it
around
our evenings and then dinner and we
brother makes them grilled over the lawn
and she's getting a drink right now and
she has a sandwich yeah and the lady
waiting for Farragut to start using it
and go to my girls doll house my girls
don't house and it's just really big I
mean here we are trying to stay save up
to get lit a living room like furniture
couch and a bathroom
so mommy how much will you give me oh
here we go
what do you want me to clean mommy why
do you want me to get your allowance if
you keep your room clean how long always
every night it needs to be cleaned up
before you okay he had an amazing day
because he got this my girls
dollhouse and this is pretty much all
we've done today is play with it and put
it well and put it into Hayley's room
and get everything and it's awesome and
I'm so excited that now our girls have
suffered a whit live and this is gonna
be our living room we're not gonna be
our bathroom but we're saving up enough
money to buy it
mommy was nice enough to get us kitchen
so the day has come to an end and it's
time for the close of the day if you
never ever ever ever ever have watched a
retaining video before in your life ever
in my life then we do these things
called question of the days usually
sometimes it's where we asked you guys a
question and we answer it sometimes like
sometimes it we ask you and it's
something like
have or something we're like what's your
favorite thing your room I kind of
explain like sometimes we don't answer
is you can't
gotcha I'm following you confuse
everybody watching but I'm following you
we asked a question of the bed they
answer it sometimes and we answer it
sometimes and so we're pretty much after
you and you're answering it and you can
comment down below what your answers
gonna yell back right on this the cake
is starting to go cheesy cheesy and I
sprayed it which is what is your
favorite American Gretel scent accessory
and of course mine is the my girls top
well cheer as Ailee she's with me my
girl don't don't forget to calm it down
below cuz we want to know the question
of the day is what's your favorite
American Girl doll
it's February by tomorrow
based on take baby
thanks for watching
breath Taylor
