today on detailing course ale one trash
eating dog how much would you sell her
for yeah this is an alcohol that's what
you told her freedom free then if I can
fight to breed that I was motioning for
you leave it sit up Oh stepper yes say
you're all hunched over shoulders back
attention why are you holding your
breath no instead of over but osj I
we're waiting from here for my friend
well yeah I'm gonna go over to my
friends house today it's for a play date
and we're just kind of waiting for her
to come here and Hailey and I are having
a snack and I'm playing with my Merton
girl to just kind of hang out here yeah
oh and I also need my American Girl doll
either a bracelet or an ankle bracelet
them I've haven't decided
and then I know she's an Isabelle's
shirt but I couldn't find any more shoes
we want to do her laundry I don't want
to do it laundry that her hairstyle is
pretty right yeah that's a bit like
being a mom I um I think you've gotten
some of your snack on my every mom then
where's your kid oh man there you lost
your kid again
yeah
parents hey you're meant to bad parents
your bathroom - geez then do a laundry
you do your laundry
oh hey Caleb since Caleb can't hear you
be here with us today because he's at
baseball camp we're glad to know that
Annie's keeping him here in spirit oh
yeah boom she's not anymore what I think
she was awesome and now she's not yeah
what kind of dip is that it's not dip
that's what it is not it's cream cheese
that she's different disgusting it
probably is pretty good don't judge
until you try it we didn't have any dip
so she went in there hitter and found
that that's just tough what is the
monster have hyper pipe what did you
just bring in my house was not a bird
thank you Andy what was that
just bring trash in my clean home is
clean oh how clean it is ranch from
chick-fil-a
did you do that Piper yeah and stay out
and stay in did you do that pipe or go
to bed Piper go to your bed you're in
timeout
I just wanted to see her listen for half
a second that's not a good girl Oh
someone's sleeping in my bed someone
fell asleep watching American girl on
YouTube
someone needs to wake up from her nap
who is that someone
hey that someone's not you Piper busted
sleeping in your mommy's bed good
morning well good afternoon it's three
o'clock that roof it flat he's loved all
three o'clock no good now yeah you woke
up in a really good mood
Hey party time what's going on in this
video they're doing your the huh
they are yeah I'm fighting a dog over
here yeah you are the camera doesn't
even know what's going on yeah but I'm
watching you and look what's going on a
fight
this dog is attacking me do you see this
so this is she it should make the camera
wow
Oh mommy
I'm gonna jump on you I'm gonna jump on
you Cooper
what you do say what excuse me what
don't you sass me young lady
you've got your slobber on the camera
let me wipe it don't you sass me I have
to wipe the camera
all right time in time hen you can start
assassin again she borrowed that for a
second Haley oh she's gonna whip you in
the head could she borrow that blankie
cuz she's really mad right now
Piper can I have this you really will
rip that and we'll have a sad Haley
again she doing
he's gonna come with you good take that
hard right off your head say no hats
allowed in this house hey Piper you're
gonna knock her over now drop it drop it
step away from the Hat no Piper you drop
it
no seriously change me try got to Piper
Piper nobody asked you to play in this
game of chase hey hey go down okay let's
take her outside come on Piper let's go
outside come on let's go play case
busted she got into the trash look what
she ate you see that yeah I gotta get
the bag dog pretzels she got into the
pretzel Piper Piper oh I don't even know
what to do with her hope she got a toy
you'd think with all the toys that that
dog has she wouldn't want trash you
getting rid of her for sale one trash
eating dog how much would you sell her
for one buck one buck and $1 that's the
same thing so let's do some teamwork
here do you want me to go get the
garbage bag and you clean up the trash
or do you want to go get the garbage bag
and I'll clean up the trash go get Kylie
all right go get it are they in the
white cabinet I should make you clean up
the garbage
guess not
wipe your paws before you go in the
house
get over here Piper and pick this mess
up uh that's not what I said
oh wait I did a 3/4 today ever active
yet on cam I don't any chances oh you
did to that on a playdate at her
friend's house today and he must have
done a cool trick Wow
ah do close I am it doesn't look who yet
yeah yeah the good one
dude someone was nice enough to send us
an American Girl doll house called my
girls dollhouse and it's huge and it's
all made out of wood and then another
person was nice enough to build it for
us and then we'll put it together not
build it put together for us and that
very nice person was it means death so
right now as we speak he's putting to it
while trying to put together the my
girls dollhouse for American Girl dolls
we're gonna go to his house in a little
bit to see how far he's gotten his
suffer all of that stuffy's and then he
when it's done he's going to bring it
over to our house and put in the Haley
room so I just randomly decide you an
Acura on a video sir and now we're
shooting it so go and check it out
- Caleb what are you doing are you that
bored without Luke oh please don't break
them yeah
Oh
you're a brave man Galen wearing that
you could I used to work man you're a
brave g-man yeah a great woman uh-huh
it's coming along you've got floors and
a weird brother
almost done still hanging out in heels
yeah
yeah
Oh
so we are on the way back to our house
in the doll house he's done and I'm
thankful that cookies dad
salt it for us
put it together and who's gonna be in
question today Simone tired totally and
I have mastered Sunday morning
yeah I know this part right now you
break your lawn today
no short racing on aa potato baked
potato babe thanks for watching
Britt Ailey
