today on bikini I messed up right there
but we made it look good time for me
I'm at Sydney's house and the other day
yesterday my American girl became Julie
well Julie came and I just decided to
have a sleepover city instead and open
it and I'll open it this is why I'm
opening it at her house he preferred a
little baby when you can love her hair
you have to get this book out I had
Julie except she's totally ruined uh-oh
like not totally no he's not totally her
hair like this her hair the first time I
got Julie was in New York so now I'm
opening her accessories it came in a
necklace yeah and money for him the
purse who can it Annie I love her hat I
just stop it okay that's money
not real money Sydney has Julie to
express but her hair does not look like
that and I got mine in New York City
mama mm-hmm
turn around let us get a good look oh
look at you look how cute she is
please please I remembered her anything
can we have the coral please I'm not
even real
too bad I think that's a no spike what
are you doing
bless you he just sneezed all over said
yeah you get hey don't remember you give
them anything
hey we can't let it Julie smile for the
thumbnail just mood right rudder room
was perfect
that's um no ever a literal girl want to
put Julie in the middle no I like to
think when it covered her funny perfect
love it are you fine you brought me a
cow are you trying to tell me something
spike was looking she felt like what are
we doing oh let us know be getting your
way bike so if you want to know why my
bed is such a mess look since I got my
American Girl dog today um I wanted to
make up meet I wanted to make a bed and
Sydney showed me how to do it at her
house and then we really wanted to
because she couldn't give me all of that
stuff so we really wanted to come home
and we made here right maybe I don't
know Hey look so here's Greer you only
put it back in and so it should soup so
all you eat all you need is just a
smallish blanket it doesn't matter and
then you need a pillow case like this
from then you just need a dish cloth and
just wrap it up into a pillow shape i
but this is you don't have to and then
also a food if you like have American
Girl doll you can have this with
American Girl doll box if they come in
and you can just decorate it with all of
you what it says Julie and then on the
other other side of says Ivy it her it's
her best friend she likes gymnastics we
put a beam
and on this side we said Julie Albright
on this stuff did you want me messed up
right there but we made it look good you
want and then is Julie's bed and it you
want and then we have it we have Julie
or polka-dots and a J and this is her
bed yeah and then you have this stuff
tape on the side Abby of duct tape it
was really cool it see why you can get
the Box on the top and make it add a
window
so yeah that's what we've been doing for
the past like it may be the hour
yeah but the only reason took us an hour
you could just have like a plain one
with the box and the pillows in the bed
we just like did it a lot of decoration
on it yeah so here's one more look have
it you're all good huh I think it's good
for here oh and then it up where we put
it we put it whoops are clever so we
would walk in here in my room and then
go gay American Girl doll bed up on my
dresser right there hello yeah there's
no name I'm Betty hola I'm on the edge
of the chair here okay so I think it's
just like combined whole thing a nice
good one
hi there you go all right okay look
again
ah I'm supposed a hot dog hot dog wait
you wanted huh oh my god oh okay so we
um what's a new girl oh yeah Junior I
brought huh we're over lion why is that
class why we have Annie over me you said
nastika Oh
shameless plug you know what I'm talking
about what am I talking about their
leader YouTube and Kurt Instagram what
what go check it out
follow and subscribe anyways so my mom
does
um said who iam surprised yeah we're
gonna check out so we can see this by so
everyone's gonna be like surprise okay
Hayley seen it but she doesn't know what
I'm talking about
okay ready no I feel low ball but you
see you know what it is you just haven't
seen it you came in the mail bland what
what is it that yeah but have you seen
them in real life
now you remember Bailey's got her stuff
in there
well Oh Hayley's no she was just like a
mini commercial yesterday and it was
really funny you want it I hold it we'll
have to take turns
love it Caleb got custody first cookie
called monthly custody we could just
order you guys awesome I probably do
that so that you need it came out good
I'm on this one
so um blink google be right here and in
the description so go check out and buy
it
goodnight and I roll pretty hard no
question of the day
yeah oh oh did you see that book I got
yeah yeah let's do a random one said
okay Giga number between one is sixteen
thirteen thirteen five oh my god well
okay twelve oh okay would you rather
take your friend on a vacation on the
world's most luxurious yacht we're near
the world's most luxurious resorts to I
resort okay look we want to go take your
friends on tour luxurious resort or
luxurious yeah bizarre
okay well coming down to the question of
the day and show everybody your popcorn
how many napkins died in the making of
your popcorn how many I made you cut up
kill - I think this is more than two
Kleenex
is it really only - yeah that's floor
okay yeah like how I had one on the
floor would you rather take your friend
on a yacht or to a resort probably a lot
yeah oh yeah you like boats now don't
forget I am I what uh Goodson he did
what she did she made her like boats oh
yeah thank you
I'm glad she likes boats now so don't
forget to comment down below
nope haha damn is everything wait forget
it
would you have to take your friend on a
luxurious yacht or luxurious luxurious
resort Piper it's not real popcorn I
mean it's ripoff it's just not any it
better warn ya ah
potato baked potato baby thanks for
watching Britt Ailey
