today I'm bouquet only my god the worst
haircut I've ever gotten before and
you're about to be able to see it so I
and I'm flying down and let where my dad
is looking every time I guys letting me
um do bad things at the house cuz my mom
is not here she won't ever see this I'm
gonna have to get you to edit this video
there so mommy doesn't see it
- is working off now I'm gonna do a
cappella this is gonna be hurtful let's
put the pillow down here for you to land
on all right on your mark get set
I'm gonna why are you back are you
walking down the stairs are you sliding
my thanks you're putting your feet down
this one time yeah you gotta take your
legs off guys she's getting his hair cut
don't get excited there it's still gonna
look like that just a little bit shorter
don't you say no no we got three little
girls where are we going what are my
choices the toy store Party City
oh yeah oh fiber fab love it
my music so I figured out where we're
going wrong we should get you 18 month
or not
Annie do you want us to get you a horse
here you go
as our horses see how real it is pins I
have a run
hey this is big this a little bigger
bigger in a lot
it's like
what is why it
okay you want to pick us up at Pablo all
right
bro
worse yet
goodbye ever yeah
hi boy hi guys they cut off more of
Caleb's hair than he wanted Mary yeah so
don't say anything about he's going to
be upset about it
later on yeah don't react don't be like
oh my gosh okay
my mommy's underway together hey guys so
I don't know you can see me in here I'm
aiming for the Juke can't you know his
eyes got the worst haircut I've ever
gotten before and they're about to be
able to see it it's absolutely horrible
and my advice to you if you ever get a
bad haircut is just let it go out it'll
be okay because hair grows back and
hopefully for me my hair grows really
fast so here we go I could get up see so
the lady said she was gonna make it that
she wasn't gonna cut anything off the
link but as you can see she did so yeah
I'm gonna have to start all over making
it long I had I'm having trouble with my
standing vectors at the gym so my mom
got like the heaviest place she could
find the only ways I could vine I didn't
go looking for the heaviest weight okay
and I'm gonna try some standing back
tuck and I'm probably going to the
bloody news in a second
oh my gosh
I probably can't even do it friends yeah
won't you just bounce around a little
bit with them zip it mommy please
I just a jumping guy yeah sure oh great
come up here it's funny
okay I'll spot you on one but as you
throw about Hansberry yeah so I can do
for myself cuz you do like nose-heavy
and I so we couldn't get it on film so
now I'm just gonna take them off inside
my gosh oh
you're going to fly why
see you're getting over further would
you get me yeah fabric give me a
birthday present little late Piper's got
hailey shoe yep Caleb's practicing
different hair styles with this hair
this is our song hi this looks pretty
good is there anything that you like
about the haircut no no not the side not
the back thank you what do you like
about it
oh I like the little um habits like
really back yeah the back looks good it
cannot look good without the front can -
can I
where's girl look at you from the back
then no I think your front still pretty
yeah we still love you I agree that's a
little shorter than while a lot shorter
than she said did you explain I should
have never gone and then you had to get
your hair trimmed out we are we're gonna
never go to that place again we're not
gonna name any name I would have rather
do what he had he did what would it
daddy then you want to go get it cut off
oh then you wouldn't have rather do it
daddy's that yeah
I do not the swingset balance ready okay
Joe are scaring me over there people to
use the two xan's are opening at this
point
oh I just pops up um so the person who
died today
is um have you ever heard about haircut
yes and I have they cut my bangs too
short
oh so sad hey uh your hand Minnie yeah
anyways discover down below cuz we want
another push today is what's missing
Reagan have you ever heard of that
haircut oh hey so uh we are working out
right now Hey
no listen to me
get down on the back turn around to your
right to your right
no turn around to your right turn ahead
put your feet under this no way down my
back not don't keep them bent strain
them out now bend them just like that
keep them under though okay
put your hands like this Haley hey put
her in I guess both of them know go up
one two three five now six
7.now no she's always haven't legs
I know I said don't lie oh yeah finding
Bailey okay go eight nine ten baby
thanks for watching
Britt Ailey
