today I'm Bailey wait how do you like my
doll's hair love your doll's hair thumbs
up if you want me to do a tutorial Oh M
my gosh
so remember that time in Halley that the
sea trout in Ocean City will worry about
I didn't learn it out hmm
we're about to tell you what it was it
was this channel that we are going to
make car Oh in my gosh TV and um the
arrest of it we're not even tell you
anymore it's gonna be a secret it's
gonna be a secret for a little bit
longer but the reason we um called it oh
my gosh TV was because when Haley was a
little bit younger she didn't really
know how to pronounce oh my god no oh my
god
oh and OMG OMG no I know my gosh you
didn't really know how to do it so she
she said a lot like oh my hair no oh ma
Oh in my oh my energy and then oh my G
and then just a bunch and then also she
did oh and my gosh
and then I don't know if any of who made
it to a video but yeah that's how we
thought of it be sure to go subscribe to
our new channel so you can be the first
one to know what it's gonna be about and
you know my mom and dad will put a leak
link somewhere to help you find it
hi so recipt excite excited of that and
now we're just like hanging around at
the hell and mean Haley are probably
gonna watch a movie at home well mommy
and daddy are doing everything that the
oh my gosh TV stuff and we're having fun
yeah
hey I'm not a fun what did I say daddy
was telling Piper um what was it to look
like it's not like they were playing
they were playing like daddy was teasing
her and she was trying to bite him and
yeah and and daddy said hi Piper don't
bite and then driver tries to bite him
then and then um and then he goes ah
what did I say and then mommy goes one
of those things you had to be there for
it not that that's what we're doing
right now and we're also bugging mommy
Haley walk on it all on my back please
no no just rub my back because I don't
want you to just hold him the reason my
back hurts is because I'm really sore
Haley can you actually rub it is because
that's not rubbing it massage it we've
been trying to get a back kick fire and
we've been really using a lot of her
back so I'm really sorry
that one darling I'm gonna buy you're
gonna buy something at Home Depot yeah
there's cool stuff at Home Depot we're
not going that way come on friends my
little ducklings follow me all right go
jump on daddy's back your turn hailey
we're looking for a door but not that
kind our front screen door broke we need
a new one
but a screen on it be careful that's the
door we have actually even I'm ringing
Oh put it in like the way that sounded
thought all the doors are crashing down
on you
that would look good in our house I
don't think you guys are supposed to
mess with that dust though
okay yeah close it closed roads
what kind of house is that all right
I'll take it
my that's right here my bed though oh hi
fer we got you something from this door
your last page we bought was broken so
we bought you a new one
and some toys yep Piper is run back into
her cage because she's scared of all the
noise what's wrong
you think scaredy-cat she's shaken
what's wrong why why are you shaking
this Haley's getting in a box oh my gosh
she is shaking you say noisy the noise
that are scaring her okay
got you a new box that should make it
better you got yourself into that looks
weird Haley want to stand up in the box
she's holding you up whoa don't let her
fall that's better huh
you got a new cage taller cave you like
it you see our new dog we got you Piper
what do you think what do you think
do you like it yeah Piper get open it's
similar to it what are you doing you
nervous that you got a new cage
so I finally saved enough Christmas
birthday and truth fairy money to get um
another American Girl doll me and Hayley
were playing right here Hayley made some
food and this is just stuff from the
mall any days yeah and I mean and I have
enough money to buy um this American
Girl doll called her name's Julie I have
$115 and my mom accidentally got the one
where we have the person her hat
so she sue she didn't know that it was
129 because she accidentally got the
present at the American girls actually
110 so I did have enough but she helped
me out because she accidently clicked on
the wrong one
so yeah I'm kidding yeah mommy like why
is it so expensive yeah then she got
that good um cuz I was gonna get it just
like me but it didn't really look just
like me I just wanted an American Girl
dolls with long dresses and stuff not
nice don't tell your sister to spit it
out and braces and glasses but I'm gonna
buy the glasses later if I save enough
it's only ten dollars I decided not to
get just like me kids all of their hair
usually when they're there they have
curly hair you can't really brush it as
easily and I wanted long straight hair
like McKenna but my mom was trying to
make me get McKenna but I don't know why
I didn't want it at that point I think I
was too focused on almond nut my just
like me and I just I don't know but now
I'm regretting not getting McKenna cuz I
his my friend Sydney she has McKenna and
then my friend Olivia she is McKenna and
every time I go over to the house I'm
like oh my gosh she is such a long and
straight and pretty hair so now Julie I
found one and we were looking at the
just like like me and some of them did
have it but a lot of them had bangs and
curly hair so I just went on it well my
mom actually found Julie and we thought
it's perfect song hey you both said gay
thanks again she's been ordered so here
you go thank you it's nice doing
business with you around you're paying
me in corn how do you like our oh wait
how do you like my doll's hair love your
doll's hair thumbs up if you want me to
do a tutorial
oh now you're committing to do it
American Girl doll American Girl hair
doll totally something like
I don't know why but every time Haley
has like a passion for something like
cooking and American Girl dolls huh huh
well about like a month after I start
getting its a visit all yes it is so so
I'm talking right now she had a fake
phone and she's been doing that a lot um
anyways so I'm just gonna go straight
into the brush for today.we then I'm
doing some a lot a lot of no the
question today is going to be what is
your favorite historical American Girl
doll of course mine is drooly
mine is Caroline yeah boy she likes
Caroline so don't forget to comment down
below cuz we want to know the question
of the day is what is your favorite
historical American Girl doll there it
is happy tomorrow
thanks for watching
Britt Taylor
