time for my uuly hello guys I've already
been to gymnastics place on a little
weight and I'm already into clothes
Hayley's still I think she slept in this
did you sleep in the 30 yard a change
um actually well she changed and it well
the guys dropped off Caleb's bed and
built it really really fast and we've
been playing with the rear wheel and I
was just waiting and they're already
done we're getting ready to see your
first look me and Hayley but tail still
hasn't still doesn't get to see until
until we have like all's bedding on
there and all the stuff gonna be in
death area this is big this is really
bad but this is me top and the couch is
over here now if it's an actress yep
sure thank you
yeah alright let's get started let's get
us the head head okay so I got a new
rooms first I'm gonna get to see it so
this really is easy
no you guys can't going first let him go
in okay okay inside let's go
more clothes yeah yeah oh my it's a room
I was like a new room easy I taste like
a new room and it's a new room watch
your head let me turn the fan off I can
because you have to use a new light
fixture so you don't bump your head and
let's top that you see over there you
want to what
whoa daddy think of his couch yeah don't
mock out
watch your head to stay low I feel like
a fire is there power up there yeah get
up there any hey can I stop this now
yeah all right no I got me will some day
he probably Bowl is it if we're not all
in here what do you think yeah you
didn't tell us much laughing we're not
acting like like excite man I got my
knee room okay okay come on hands here
does why he doesn't like it tell her we
don't like it hit it that's right Danny
got a new room yay it's a lucky day
yeah - yeah boy oh boy oh oh I'll have
some news for you guys
I'm getting an American Girl doll I'm
getting you Nick I don't never Swagger's
she's gonna buy one Jesus I think I gave
you anything
Google bed for your birthday yes I'm so
happy I am do this in birth day present
yes please
yeah Jim birthday present we got Caleb a
new bed for your birthday yeah hello I'm
going to sleep in the bed and Caleb's
ahkahuna
I think you know now what do you think
because it like it's a bad thing like
it's a good thing no no more monkeys
hanging on the bed what's good
how much money do you have you had
dollars and fourteen nice Maggie are you
gonna sleep on your bed look he fits on
perfectly kinda done look twenty
twenty-five close to $115
there you guys are
hi
I have a surprise for you I know talking
about me but my new room even with the
bed I don't know if they should get that
yeah my guess push the dad just why did
I keep putting this new hi yeah where
there's all my room one clean room no
I'll make it dirty
anyways arms honest across today
yesterday so my favorite part of the
room is definitely the desk wow it's a
nice desk oh okay
anyway now that leads into the question
today what is your favorite part of my
room
oh yeah yes thing mmm the beautiful
couch which is awesome
that towel on the floor um the desk they
did you know that's up let's go over
here so I can show you more of the desk
out I hurt how low the rolling chair
this Matt this upon that because just so
awesome to trash can cooking day um okay
this is that I was just drawing the
meaning I drew so it's like I can put
all my drawings he is pretty cool pretty
cool then let's go to the bed oh I was
already in beds I was a little ruined by
it
yeah cool isn't it um the trophies oh
hello I remembered that octave is in my
own room you can never get up this high
I feel so tall everything yes I do
football I feel it always anywhere I'm
just starting boy get in this at exactly
three minutes no biggie
get out of my room you're in my room so
I'm in Caleb zoom and he's right there
not sleeping yeah yeah okay now he's not
I guess
he's still not sleeping no right now he
says he is okay so I guess he's sleeping
with his eyes awake I mean Oh open
he's awake with his eyes open no he's
asleep until eyes open and I get that
right I don't care
and so today's question today I know
Caleb already said this but it is what
is your favorite thing in Caleb's room
and my favorite thing in Caleb's room is
his bed and so well not really his bed
like his desk underneath so if you
didn't really give you a good look at
his room here it is one more time oh
there's light so it's a little blurry
there's a family hell they're fiber
Haley can you go film down there on the
desk and film the couch no I heard it
from to trust couch until that thing
over there
can you go go Hey okay one more question
wait coming okay then look at his best
it's really dark in here I can't hear
anything okay so no barely does a good
job filming all of that and so don't
forget to come down looks that cuz we
wouldn't have the question today is what
is your favorite thing in Caleb's room
okay um I'm gonna let Hayley answer so
we're not quite done and I'll let hey
Haley answered what her favorite thing
in Caleb trimmers Bobby always name is
Annie Shh
what did I say the bed oh I missed it
yeah it did I don't know she suddenly oh
honey oh that look desk under what do
you really like what what do you like in
here
probably out anyway that couch down yeah
it's so comfy and cozy well as I was
saying the first of the day is um this
or that no I have to do that or this
it's what is your favorite thing in
Caleb's room bye-bye tomorrow bye see
you tomorrow and buy baked potato
babe thanks for watching Britt Ailey
