time for my Yui okay so I got my new
mattress and the dad's teasing the dog
by putting a hat on and my dogs know I
had harboured put the mattress on our
next time she comes Caleb what next time
she comes near put the mattress on top
over Oh Luke
what'd we get you this is your mattress
Piper how's it feel with the air in it
we're gonna leave the plastic on okay in
case you have an accident
like you know be bald classic will make
crinkly noises
better walk down we shouldn't play crush
the dog I just mentally put it down on
her gently so she'd like flip out some
more form every dollar yeah jumping
easier the imaginary obviously your
night is a great spot for a mattress
what she make her life now this is your
kind of bed right Piper how I know you
today
should we leave the mattress here
plastic we're gonna leave it on because
Piper's gonna well do what she just did
ready she's gonna chase you come here
Piper Piper she knows what I'm gonna do
come here whoa watch your straddle and
don't kick that yeah hey what are you
guys teaching kids at home you guys this
isn't a bed yet it's just a mattress oh
you are go just want to lay on it
down ah look excited to you yeah you
guys both stand by me I want to get her
believe she does is hilarious yeah you
can play down every time they get fun
just swap she's so thankful for her new
bed banner watch her pop back down era
she's a hurricane good game Piper what
so tired help scream Haley
be yeah yeah October you told her what
are you doing are you really getting the
mutt filtered water look that you know
we have this thing to keep the water off
the floor okay well what we're about to
do no don't don't push that what is that
nice about why why are we having Eastern
eligible only Easter molds and clothes
off hey Annie move the ball back
you know you can't do that we do penis
hand that's what I hear Gucci hey
princess you need some more filtered
water she drank it all mm-hmm leg it's
filtered and uh now I don't know if
she'll like the dollar she had jello
jigglers before dance make her sit
pretty
somebody vibrate she might be dead fire
does it pretty
yeah she's never been a disappearing
water needs cut your ugly Piper is gonna
get his joke oh yeah so we're in kiloton
we're in Kayla's room we're cleaning it
out and dad my mom and dad well my mom's
calling but my dad and my mom was were
were um bleeding
room out and right now there's his bed
is already on a penny under his bed
we don't you means daddy
Aaron Rodgers is stepping on you daddy
what don't do it how are you gonna take
that thing off oh yeah he's coming down
his beds gonna go there can I go all
right no my room oh can you go in the
trash
you don't put air Rogers in the trash I
want to take the hot all right yeah lift
me up
we got to be sure right the bed's going
there so he can come down I have to get
up there where did you just stand well
mom no you just sit on his shoulders
he's not that tall yeah yes yes you're
gonna be able to touch the student
feeling no yes you oh my god how
long has he been up there make sure it's
not taking anything off it's not
supposed to but keep it on keep low down
you go down
what you're doing with it I don't know I
think it's got it it's got to go I don't
think we can put it anywhere on it is
not going in our room
is their outline fill on the wall oh no
thinking is this funny cuz we we have to
take me I don't know what you're so
gentle
I don't either I think it's done I mean
you have a wand
it looks all 3d Aaron you look creepy
dude
the Packers lose this season that be one
game I think he'll is gonna be sad that
we're taking this down probably but it
will be care about that yeah you think
read up there on a ceiling that would be
cool yeah and the chair is almost put
together we don't know what Annie's
doing okay and then this man here you
thought we got him a metal chair oh well
um so I just do it once and then it was
blurry so I have to do it again what
it's part of it in what part of version
of night um anyways so we're unkillable
room and we've already gotten this stuff
cleaned out and we've got everything
moved and we got him this nice chair or
table I'm not allowed to tell me
this couch in them on right now and
we've already shown you this couch
before that's me
enemies that also we're she's gonna get
up get a lot of snoo awesome things in
here
sadly bleach pushing today question the
day is what is your favorite thing in
your room live everything in Kate's room
is the couch but my favorite thing in my
room is why my whispered everything in
my room is my horse picture behind my
well on top of my dresser it's two
horses running we're not really running
they're just pieces so don't forget to
call me down below because what you want
to know the question today is what is
your favorite thing in your room bye see
you tomorrow and we're lolis usually I'm
in my new room you guys like it that my
new room I tripped you all didn't I
right yeah right in okay okay whatever
is that I think I'll hook you up um Oh
be like nope you drink the iron pop on
them
trust me I know I tricked you you're
like oh man you rubes apparently took
you in you guys like hey oh okay anyways
um so of course today is what is your Oh
pretty heavy
I walked up six lots of stairs right now
only six like steps of stairs on flight
okay a lot of flights cuz have to go
through Six Flags I really like to get
some wine it's a lot airplanes um
anyways um so the question today is
what's your favorite thing in your mu my
favorite thing is this beautiful what
should I say your oak machines holding
our own
Hey
as I can see myself anyways um but in my
real room I have no idea cuz I don't
know what it looks like I don't have a
room I sleep on the floor
I don't little tingling with punishments
like that what are you talking about I
sleep outside yes you do okay anyways um
see I'm more like that I have
conversations with myself
cricket cricket
drink I like our system so hot I don't
know John my needs my John ok vid bye
ok just got back from a long long day
and I'm really tired and question of
today is is loser and the person of the
day is what is your favorite thing in
your room so my favorite things
mmm and remember what my Mac and got fit
first of all so dismissive bye see you
tomorrow based on day to day
thanks for watching
bruh tailee
