hi for me
today is a very exciting day and we're
at studies because we are dwarfs are
those i'li people are coming these
eilean friends they're coming and
because we are shooting and commercial
they asked us to shoot a commercial with
them and we are going to help them like
film it and stuff I mean Sydney me and
clarity and I think okay to the mark
tail double attack and today we are
going to get the photos
what and now we're trying we're trying a
kid a kid whatever it's really hard now
yes I'm ready you can do it
Oh mommy can you come and film us G
what's the trouble here that you just
came and told me um you're missing
something missing grips they're
struggling with Kip because they don't
have grips on yeah
Oh
except I was filming down here sorry I
was watching you and not filming right
all right
it means face out there damn where you
going
you leave it like hit back hits everyone
your son all right
oh my leg and this from a week break of
gymnastic you haven't been on a bar in a
week yeah um whatever that toe shoot
thing is you know try it oh shoot like a
soul circle
oh shoot bro she can you still do a
shooter
can't even do a single Becky hip circle
anymore
all right here comes love it make it not
a technical shoot through but oh I don't
know baby can do a front you know all
right let's sit have a chance
nice what levels of shoot through whore
nice
nice I'm ready any oh there you go you
got to get on top of that bar you can do
it you just got a ship to read didn't
put up a high enough all right what you
did it what all right how's my fake
family doing look good why are you guys
on this at the dinner table that's kind
of rude all white why are you on your
devices on a dinner table
yeah you're told do because the director
said to we're eating dinner we are
pretending to eat dinner to hold too
cold
look would you get what you get and you
don't throw this hey hey we're gonna run
man turn down that hill okay ready no
need to run back set go and I god
whoa is art this
all right so hot day and sweating really
hot so we're hoping you goes fast it's
been so fun so far but let's go fast
we'll go home in the air-conditioned
house I'm swimming I'd do it so you know
let's go
you know better yeah I can't go anymore
hurry
hi Daddy pretend oh the winds rushing
through your hair
you being camera guy yeah you got red
lip Oh
come and film this what am i filming my
hands got spray paint all over them
no I mean Oh from gymnastic so me hey we
just got finished doing them and Amelia
Earhart's video pictures stuff and now
Luke and sitting are doing the same one
I just hang in here literally wanna hug
you okay if you're wondering why that
camera show so Shakey's cuz Ian he's up
in their face nice nice
Luke really your tongue your tongue
would be so dry we are totally plugged
in the park
holy plug this is perfect isn't it
they got you shade and this cute do you
know who you're portraying Christine
remember who is what a claimant no she
no Haley who knows Sydney remember who
were purged for portraying in this
Jacques Cousteau raise your hand if you
know who that is
alright go back to school kids he's an
explorer this is adorable you guys want
to put anything right in can we have
your glasses Haley cuz you're gonna have
goggles on Caleb you are so weird
my be weird what do you do here you walk
it with oh you're right it is supposed
to go in there yeah but I don't know if
it needs to for this you're really smart
I thought that simple goggle on it okay
get the goggles so you caught a fish
okay boggle them I do brave
you need a snorkel - how kicky alright
she's excited by that and then you're
not a robot what else are can you be
faster pace under a space under an
astronaut and where are we going today
oh wait - the Mars - Mars look at our
fellow astronaut hers they are all ready
for the next one we're all being
astronauts here is what we're gonna be
wearing the Seas gloves and that's
helmet and these are all made out of
paper mache
Stila they just painted that these are
made out of paper mache and I think she
spray-painted 92b yeah she painted these
and here are the costumes the kids are
going to wear will be back when I get
mine on it might be hot if you put it on
now I don't think they're quite ready I
don't know okay I get that zip it that's
adorable
your best moonwalk
okay that's what we like perfect great
not play me please now she needs Kiki
cuz Kiki is her favorite all right here
we go
where are you going to my rocket just
might take a while because I don't know
where my god hate when you lose your
walk rocket bird you park it galaxy
mm-hmm Oh feels weird no mom ooh I like
that
want some chicken well you just came to
see the astronauts make you astronauts
you guys have wedgies
I get it with a balloon blown up and the
paper mache over and then pop the
balloon and hey okay oh is that more
like a herkie I know we've got paint
spray paint silver spray paint all over
from being Amelia Earhart no David
are those for David yeah why you guys
she likes Superman oh you did a Superman
okay yeah okay
we Ellen friends people were kind enough
to give Luke and Sydney a diamond
Shindell to like the gave us one and
she'd open a cherry mission which is
over there to time and then Luke as I
leave and she's every year how do we get
me now did you see the passport yet it
come with passports so I'm going to pull
over on this big bar and I haven't done
before in forever so I need you then and
you're doing
hmm do you think you're gonna make it
okay that's the way to think can she
still do it
oh you could have done it that was fake
you have to give me like you know you
just did it now just kick your feet over
I'll try one time and then I'll lower it
if you need to but really try make it if
you can keep pulling you lost all your
muscles this guy
oh you have it come on there it is
oh yeah you want to try back hip circle
yeah
why go go go yes bring up give me five
I can't why because I'm gonna be getting
in but I can get you get you ahead fun
yeah I had like hey let's do that
you want to really do it I'll spot you
go okay ready big hat no get your round
that's better
push okay Joe marm kept a low heart hurt
you did it that's a little higher done
we just got finished with the photo
shoot shoot with Riley and friends
people and Kayla bet stay over at Luke's
I have practice early in the morning and
PS happy birthday Bethenny G um Bethenny
G is our sunday person on truth + dare
and it's her birthday suit up go check
her channel because it's a birthday or B
days your bday and right now
mommy is getting some cheap hotel for
everyone well except for daddy you
didn't like Chipotle and now my arms
getting tired so I guess much better
well now I guess we'll see you later or
tomorrow yeah children OH
what are you doing I'm being a dog cause
usually she caught something for this
and she's so poor and when I put the
blanket on Sheila then she falls asleep
I'm sitting in bed editing and eglee
wanted to come in here and watch videos
on her iPad but she got cold okay get
cozy and it's taking it away and it's
like okay okay okay okay Bradley you
gustas you do that bout my book kind of
sleeping sleeping daddy I'll take this
away took her blanket away yeah she was
chewing on this we had a sleep in Piper
until Haley woke her up yeah she was an
adorable yeah
what videos are you watching on your
iPad Mustang away mommy my kite and I
love mac and girls so my tape it um
I mean right but that is not a good view
nation an angry girl bombs um thanks to
the plaintiff yep that's what we typed
in and I'm watching
um this egg pledge of Haryana Plato
thing where you make um a little like oh
like oh yeah a little tea like this is
it oh yeah a coffee where you put some
whipped cream on them and put that good
ol like yeah Oh put what you give in
Apple's caramel yeah Karen you put
it is really really good mmm I'm gonna
watch it all right good night you're not
even in pajamas yet
why are we saying good night because I
don't know I thought you were going to
bed babe thanks for watching Britt Ailey
