time for what tell me
good morning everyone we're getting
ready to eat some breakfast
don't don't mom do you know we're going
after breakfast on the bed
jump the weather looks a little rainy so
that's okay but listen it happy birthday
okay you're 17 right I guess how's your
elbow pretty bad okay but skateboarding
oh oh yeah all scraped up for a big
buffet so breakfast is over now and it
was good now we're going on a boat and
now we're going on to the boat and we're
gonna tube and me if you're gonna -
together we're gonna we're gonna go fast
yes we're going very fast and we were
like kind of talking about going really
fast and then said can you go a little
bit slower and then and then major to
the stuff and then we're on the hop and
Jenna and I had on the boat yep that's
what we were talking about we're just
cool like that yeah
and we can this this ad is really trying
to come out its it was kind of
sprinkling yesterday and now Suns trying
to come out it kinda and Nelson's trying
to come out so I hope that we're gonna
have a sunny day on to things it's like
really cool down it is really cold out
whoa like because yesterday was raining
and then it was raining and it was
pretty chilly and now this morning it
was a little chilly and now because Suns
come she's coming literally the sun's
trying to come on yes that number I'm
getting tired so I guess we will see you
on the boat
hello Jackson okay he made this little
song class wrap up okay so this is by
Jackson get a good right on it yes you
did yes but I would for ya
he's chicken yeah yeah it he felt the
ground and ate more chicken yeah yeah
and he found a cat he was a cool cat he
named the cat Bob in had - mom yeah yeah
cat said hi and I said bye-bye
good job jack from anywhere I can't shut
off the page
have you ever done know what okay so
give her the signal okay
okay you're doing it right all right
thank you getting on fast as you can and
try to knock alright see you in the
water see that I think I broke my nose
we saw your whole body bounce off the
water oh you let go
alright hey love a Knick second round of
voting
the hardest thing ever oh go in Sigma is
the only signal we need there is no
slowing down
okay look at your hands nice surfing
boys
well dick Caleb you're gonna stay on
that lawyer the big doctor oh yeah
so we're going to sliding rock and it's
just going to be me and Annie because no
one else wanted to go then two chickens
kidding but they didn't want to go so I
was just going to be meaning yeah we're
you guys nervous it's been two years
yeah yeah
do you remember yeah I remember any
scraped her knee and I got a huge fish
in my hand it was nasty
yeah I caught a fish last year I
remember - gotcha - do your therapy also
with me was my because he went he walked
up yeah and then saw on Desai anyone
gonna do I said when he came yeah I
don't want to talk to you I want to tell
Matty yeah wait was that one he's like I
don't want to talk about it yeah cuz he
didn't upside down okay we love Him we
do never on the trail to go to slam yeah
there's the game
I'm scared yeah Lucy also comes a big
round is mushy I'm waiting for them to
come out but they're being very slow
there they are
good
they're going to go together Isaac
now boys
you did it Oh No
are you gonna go again what I'm gonna
cave all the way yeah one slide this
water is ice cold
I really don't know how they're in it
right now that I was trying to get to
that rock Oh to get a better shot okay
I'm gonna make it I'm gonna make it
haha I did it Oh tell me just what's up
there it was are you okay so much I
don't know it's okay
don't stub your toe this time
all right
get you put your hair in and you just
whip your hair back like that turn
around
don't go too close
1 2 3 1 2 3
ah
put a cheerleader yeah did you tell
everybody you made it your team no miss
malate she did ready okay five six seven
eight one two three four five six seven
ready okay five six how come you don't
do any tricks on Annie is that my
headband noticed I was a dog yes roof
roof here puppy puppy puppy is there is
a dog here just like walking so oh no
really
oh my god oh my god
Bailey oh my god what what lady it gonna
do
oh she good job
you cared me
yeah
so we just got back from dropping off
Haley from her first sleepover and I
hope she's excited it's just across the
street so it's not far and anyways we
have soupy with us joining us for the
question the day and if you don't
remember who soupy and it's David's
favorite toy
that used to be Caleb's there's been at
left explain that one
yes yeah you did so now it's time for
the question today which is what is your
favorite line from one of our bratayley
videos um how about we all say ours at
the same time even it's gonna be like a
livin like it's just talking ready set
it's new so in one of the videos is when
I think when we were leaving two years
ago from from here and everybody saying
goodbye and then David just blurts out
to Haley it's me who loves you Haley so
that's our favorite one yeah your
stormer well I was gonna sound like bro
or mix man so don't forget to come down
looks we want to know the question of
the day is what's your favorite line
from our bure taylor videos for one of
our potato videos yeah my arms getting
tired so I guess you'll see you tomorrow
bye
potato baked potato baby thanks for
watching Britt Ailey
