today don't push me what if I hit myself
morning
it is 10:45 in the we got it they're
going to get my what is it my known
traveler number why
oh yeah almost that team when you're 13
forget I thought we were TSA you won't
be anymore when you're 13 if you don't
have a known traveler just why we're
going to do it so we talked about
stranger things the whole ride and
forgot to film so we're filming now and
people are giving me a weird stares but
that's ok um yep oh that's what I wanted
to say I fell asleep at 6:30 a.m. for
some odd reason like I took a nap so I'm
like thinking new is that but I took a
nap for three hours and stayed up for
like seven hours past my normal time and
weird I was very lost my thumb prints my
finger prints did not want to work we
didn't like five times because my stupid
pinkie would like my finger was cut off
so now we're off and we're gonna talk
more about stranger things because I
didn't get to finish I was just getting
good I try to go see Justice League
today daddy
Riverdale is the best - yeah yeah well
age would you say what age would you say
is okay for people to watch those shapes
whatever do and most range of things
yeah my age not any younger than you
I mean what's the strangest things maybe
a little what is do you think is too
young
Haley's age well did you think somebody
ten should be able to watch it probably
not 11 or you think 13 ish is about
where you should be 12 13 maybe possibly
11 depends so anyway so I were talking
about the Carbonaro effect
so now
we're going to five guys / - pull a well
where there's no five guys / about line
no to difference they should really like
do some just goodbye what do you give us
a burger advice in fact what is up this
terrible lighting there we go
she's and if you drop that thing you
know so much trouble Bailey dropped hers
like face-first like in it slid across
the whole ball okay hey guys
okay so mm got that stuff um my dad went
to go get my mom some Chipotle so I
decided to stay in the warm car now
let's see let's just talk just don't
like to sit down and talk let's see
I love Li Bryce like yes he's got two of
my favorite songs two of them and that
doesn't happen very often and now I'm
sitting in the car talking to a camera
and everyone's staring at me it's okay
I'm gonna play my two favorite songs by
lee Brice which is boy and I don't dance
what's okay that's what we could do I'm
going to show you the songs on my
playlist my just everyday we've only got
one playlist so let's see I have used to
be by AJ meant to be by Florida Georgia
line
she's got away by Billy Joel broken by
Brooke grenade just the way you are run
away baby the lazy song marry you count
on me although I Bruno Mars jesus take
the wheel by Carrie Underwood my girl by
Dillon's god that's a great song the 18
by a cheering perfect by Ed Sheeran holy
by Florida Georgia line I can't help
falling in love with you Haley Reinhart
oceans by Hillsong tonight tonight by
Hot Chelle Rae take me to church wanted
your hands nothing like us by Justin
Bieber you smile that should be me by
Justin Bieber cop car by Keith Urban
John Cougar John Deere John 3:16 by
Keith Urban the fighter by Keith Urban
Blue Angel color by Keith Urban american
honey by Lady Antebellum I'll think of a
reason later by lee Ann Womack boy by
Obie Bryce
yo I'm
believer the night changes steal my girl
by one history by one direction
hallelujah by pentatonix can blame a
girl for trying by Sabrina carpenter
here we go ready for this bloody like a
back road take your time house party
break up in a small town make you miss
me cop car and those are all by Sam hunt
stay with me and I'm not the only one by
Sam Smith geronimo geronimo by Shepard
die happy man by Thomas Rhett praying by
Ke$ha I don't dance by lee Brice to go
to goodbyes Sam Smith sorry not sorry
bye dead male about him great right oh
that's so cool at the bottom it says
like 51 song so I've got 51 songs and if
I listen to all it would take me three
hours in one minute
well I'm gonna listen to music I'm going
upstairs
wait I'm not into school mommy right now
I'm gonna do school first you guys right
now I am cleaning my bathroom and it's
pretty well so far
then I got the little I got the soap got
the scene good got my toothbrush gotta
get that toothpaste in there
who's got everything rock your hair in
here yeah and I got my bathroom it's
very messy down here but huh yeah I got
my big fiend out a little yeah these are
auntie's hey there's bear bear over
there I don't know where lamby is I
think we lost lamby it's fine I won't
tell her yeah and I'm gonna wanna see
how I can use my name is going
how is your room going cleaning out a
closet and I love the gray and like
blues over here
she does like gray and blues and she has
a pot pinks and stuff for her old
clothes but her bed looks pretty decent
decent you're cleaning out your new
library no actually I do
she is like 4,000 acres yes she has some
cute clothes oh I'm excited
Oh wha it is about 427 and I'm still
doing school uh hmm
still I'm still doing it and any
cleaning out her room and it's looking
pretty good
she's almost done and what are we gonna
do after this oh yeah we are you guys
gotta see it it's like huge my hair is a
mess look at that big pile they caught
you ever getting Christmas lights they
piled it up for us and we're gonna go
jump in it outfit of the day I look like
a potato look at me go and that's what
my room Oh my closet here it is
that's my favorite section that's what
I'm feeling very colorful so yeah we've
got some purses that stuff jackets shoes
bathing suits leggings stuff scarves
stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff stuff this
is all for Haley I'm excited
hand-me-downs you guys treated me I mean
my tailbone what if we had tails like no
I want a dragon tail amazing okay well
I'm not clean oh we're going outside
biggest Jonas pile of leaves ever look
at it
oh mylanta oh I like the stairs are done
mmm-hmm Hayley you go first before you
guys into it so we're going to go to you
car I know come on
sure make sure you have the middle of
them that yeah over there she
disappeared
guys this is so pretty look how big hey
there they are
are you ready this is so scary
Oh Annie oh my gosh look at the sky you
can't see on camera but it's like pink
and blue be able to get out I don't know
if the camera will pick that off camera
really can't tell yes but it's disguise
like pink and orange and purple
it's literally like not scary
definitely not
it's false always do you think either of
you can crawl from one side to the other
on the ground crawl on the ground all
the way through the middle all right
good
can you believe that this many leaves
came from our yard oh mama
on my mark no I'm just kidding just stay
on the ground touch on the ground yep
are you mark get set go
he didn't want to break them No are you
gonna jump in okay I'm gonna follow this
pile right here you do another stressful
Oh sisters oh yeah our rings no you must
have lost them in the leaves yeah and
your jacket pocket no one's listening to
me Hayden
Jamie I have to tell you guys something
else so we couldn't do anything for
Thanksgiving because we didn't plan and
it was too short of notice
so nonny's coming Donnie and Aiden
Johannah they get here tomorrow today
that she didn't know she just found out
I just informed her she was what are
getting on a plane in the morning yes
they'll be here at like 1:00 p.m. okay
we had so she was just went upstairs we
had some last-minute plans because we
cleaned today and we did school today
mostly cleaned so we are gonna all go to
a movie Justice League we're gonna go
see some superheroes how much dogs could
go to the movie Kevin
Oh Annie can't find her phone so we're
waiting for this hair to dry a little
bit more and yeah hang on Annie and
they're showered and got all the leaves
out of them and cleaned up for the day
did you brush your teeth I you didn't
hmm well you're gonna go do that as soon
as you call your sister's phone go brush
your teeth I know you will actually
mm-hmm really what's the consequence for
not brushing her teeth
oh that's strict Haley find your own
ways here you know all right strut the
outfits because I think you both look
super cute I need some light and the
boots are not from Zara either but
believe the boots are from Target target
pants are from Zara and there's top is
from forever 21 shoes from UGG jeans
from garage and I believe this shirts
from garage chair building bubble wrap
it feel good to be all showered and
functioning for the day all day long we
were like in pajamas and probably some
of us oh wait you have a brushed your
teeth yet
Oh
hey cute picture this photograph Oh plug
photograph on iTunes now an ordinary
girl they sent it to me what they're not
waiting on us
hailey you got to go brush your teeth
actually my fingers really want to
tickle somebody we're not leaving till
you brush your teeth so it's not even
really an option
oh they're leaving go brush your teeth
well they're good on me but instead I
found a lip liner whoa yeah but I feel
cooler even though I love cheesecake
doctor ease okay we're in
they were out it's a 15-minute wait but
we're gonna do something because we're
not gonna just sit in a restaurant and
waste your lives I'm kidding
close it mouthwash no sink
hey hey miss APSA Haley like please here
kind of is alright looks like a
Christmas tree but it would be cute on a
little kid like a little baby I can see
a little baby enough we need a black or
a white shirt it's a plane
we can't seem to find one no it's got
something on it I already look it's a
very cute bunny dang it so we're back
from the mall if you didn't know and and
he got a horrible blister she's hot oh
that's nice okay she has a little
bandage on it hands since Annie and me
are tired there we're gonna do that
question of the day the question of the
day is what is your favorite type of
like food type of foods like the worst
blisters oh yeah um mine was probably a
blood bubble on my hand mine was Oh mine
was um a blister and it was at the gym
and it was my first like like a red
parabola like oh no I like a rip like
rip and it's kind of like a coaster
right and it was so scary so yeah don't
forget to comment down below cuz we the
question of the day
where is the worst place you've ever
gone the place oh oh
Whitney's going under me okay that was
nice okay nobody's number to celebrate
thanks for watching
Brit Ailee
