today on bikini so how do you like my
new do gymnastics and while I vacuum
mastic my mom packed for another trip we
leave tomorrow
I know another trip and we're going to
North Carolina to meet up with all our
fans but right now we're on the hunt of
a red wig because my routine is Annie
and we're doing this little show where
you did dress up as your character or
your theme of your routine and then you
have to do your routine to everyone
let's go let's go look for red wig and
some stuff
here's sandy what'd you say
dumb dog why are you following me
take one failed we were in there for
five seconds and we asked if they had
like a curly what red wig like Danny a
short curly red wig like a me and they
said the closest of curly we have is
this and the shortest night is the
longer thing and now we're gonna go to
Party City and see what they have and
then if not we all come back and get
that one we had no luck of finding the
red wig but we did find this I have all
the different color wigs okay now you
need some leg warmers I mean she totally
wore those in the movie right I think
that's all we need whatever like - red
dress or something wait with all the red
stuff what's you in a red dress red I
don't like all this light in front of
them Oh
it disappeared now hello the light loves
me
so how do you like my new do so first I
had to go to the MA
to diet read and then I decided not to
die my eyebrows red or like orange or
yellow or something like that something
that would kind of match my hair and
then I got a perm
I got the wig and this is what I'm gonna
wear
we're gonna go home and kind of like
find a tank top and we'll be on our way
she's filming with my iPhone that I left
the camera know so she can see herself
you're wondering why she's like looking
deep into
all right that's enough looking at
yourself
you talk but now she notice you well
she's pretty sure come on in
come in
I gotta see it gotta make sure it stage
oh I love you too
it's me Haley
and um does this question of it is this
is that and I hope this videos isn't too
short and the this is I thought about
all myself
this is that orange or Apple and we have
so a long day and you have to go to the
masses and bah-bah-bah
and we're leaving whatever is called a
mom's Packard soda so I would pick
orange because I like them bye babe
thanks for watching
Britt Haley
