today on the palings jump dead I would
jump in after everything high for what
tell me dude you here's the UPS pan
knock on the door do you want to see
what's out there if something special
could it be for a boxer it might be for
a Caleb Oh who's your poor Piper help me
to open the door
Oh Oh Caleb won't let me open the door
okay we gotta wait till daddy daddy
you're just gonna take it in not knowing
what it is putting it um I think a good
place would be to put it in your room
visit it's a bed for dogs we got you a
dog bed just kidding Caleb's getting a
new room and this is the stuff for it I
hope it's a surprise you don't get to
see the pictures collar excuse me you
will love it
hey guys so we're about to go hang out
with Sydney and Luke but first I was
just watching a YouTube video and it got
me thinking do you think you and your
parents really understand each other and
do you think you can you might know your
parents emotions so so pancake um didn't
episode of the science of happiness like
they asked kids a series of questions
and the kids picked up like on the
little things like what the parents were
drink like their dreams were so go check
it out right yeah it was cool because
this episode was inspired by Zach
Braff's new movie wish I was here ADA is
about a father who struggled to find his
purpose in life and I'm gonna check it
out because it's coming it's in theaters
today somewhere new it's my second day
driven by choreographer Brad and great
hungry and stopped to eat too much how's
it going
did you love it is it hard what's the
hardest parts over the end ooh and that
stuff over there after your dive roll
what's pretty that touch what you mean
step pretty much the end no because then
you have another tumbling path and then
the end yeah it's kind of like the
middle it looks really good
so today he'll discover new room and I'm
helping daddy do who do it
Kaleb can't come in cuz he can't because
he can't see it it's a surprise he heard
us don't you dare come down here Caleb
yeah uh or you're already at the desk
playing Minecraft see Hayley we don't
have to worry about a thing
we don't have to worry about anything
okay
no because we have him peeking he's
distracted over there but this is gonna
take more than a day not all okay Lily
good like Mikhail is not allowed in this
room just like Annie wasn't right Piper
misses Caleb's birthday present we got
all stuff and punch party von teen
what's your job to give spins are you
doing them right
what are you smelling it for mommy's not
at I did I was testing to see how nice
Pottery Barn teens furniture oh these
are all solid Ellen Ellen are you ready
to go belly-up you need to attack a left
bun but see and a right Bundy to each of
the short frames a drop that Haley go
ahead and do that okay okay I did listen
but just a case say the whole I wasn't
listening I love that name that movie
they gonna you what you said I'm gonna
slowly with my hand but you better not
go away any of my sworn you just said it
I'm pretty sure everybody knew yeah
Haley spilled the beans again spilled
the juice weren't you supposed to be
helping put some bun foots on here I got
a foot do something with that patch that
bun foot oh shoot huh cannot detach my
shoe from my foot you don't know into it
thank you
come on you tell daddy to hurry up oh
yeah dad cuz this should already be put
together right now listen what Khloe
said Chloe said that no he he was been
her mom and she was like then hmm ballet
a Huey dude I'm gonna yell
and if you so here's one side of the
couch they don't put the other one
together yet I go right there
do you live here
yeah cutting me tail all right house oh
yeah perfect and awesome
oh yes no no I know I need my own couch
this is good of you though yeah hi yup
what's up let's see the pro and master
at work look you did it we we're at the
marina where I go what do I park let me
see you do that it was crazy did you
even get wet hailey staying in the
shallows even with other floaties
practicing about ribbons I know
not even on you it's not even unhooked
from the beach bag oh yeah he planted it
goes look at you
can you jump in off of the lowest step
yeah just jump whoa hey we gonna find
you guys for my money I go yeah I can't
go down I go like wing da da da da
Luke the shark there's a Smitty collar
that had a hood I know I saw though
there's a tool I didn't know Caleb would
warn employees yeah
well back you guys hid me aside when you
see it really look like a home bow
I've seen it oh we were on it last year
we're gonna go boating to dinner we're
on a boat
alright could you if you can't fall out
the boat can you swim yet no no even
swimmers have to wear these yeah even a
knee yep
get ready she's fearless but Haley I am
so excited that you're having fun this
year it's probably cuz she can go in the
pool that a floating oh I would jump in
after everything
Oh
me
are you laughing bud and now we're at
restaurant
well mr. Mike's gotta Park the boat
tackle a chunk of parking the boat
yeah well you can't be up there right
get a dock
we happy we have immunity over here look
at this bad boy boat amazing I want it
yes Daddy go papa lady to buy it buy it
buy it
wait wait for mr. microphone at home to
give you the a okay
I can do it
bucum w-wait I can feel it
how are we have a team you're so good
assign seating right here by me hold you
so you don't fall into water
scary pretty scary pretty it just are
the waves coming I've been told to hold
on I'm looking what are you an old man
look at that way
Bess so pretty yeah they're going to go
fast in a second we're getting pictures
yeah Caleb are you arrived Oh a on you
like to be on you you give a shoot the
allegation huh blue better hold on do
your job and quit sass and your mother
see what happens when you sass your
mother okay fine you just do your job
and hold the boat have I seen lately you
know you can't dump you have to wait for
your mother to help you okay yeah I'll a
your brother help Oh that'll work
Haley's really know you didn't know
there was water down there and you
scared me
wait I gotta get Caleb's don't drop her
precious cargo don't run across the
parking lot
hello the way you just got off of the
boat and now we're gonna go to the
question of the day is intelligent
question the day since doesn't ah the
question of the day so um any takers
what the question oh she's asleep okay
Haley tell us what the question of the
days
hmm watermark
assailable good title um anyways um
let's hear often dentistry what do you
have to say mother book and that's the
one that we were just on or sell book my
dad Burt don't speak my exit
what don't you I'm Leslie mm-hmm what
about you a little bit that's it
you're gonna say more the balls because
what about go fast and elbow go so see
that's why it says it's because the M
stands for fast and the acetones
personal huh sorry yeah and my country
you never really helped us do nothin I
didn't laughs sorry sorry sorry
jung-hwan looks we want to do it
question of the day if I'm asleep
what about a teleport who did um that
would be a disorder hmm so remember to
call it down below things we want to
know is this or that
what about Selma and just in case you
know you're like get a little blue goony
remember to give it a blow cuz we want
to know how is this is that multiple
elbow remember to comment down below
well we don't want to know if you guys
know the question is is it smooth about
sellable
sorry babe I
thanks for watching
Britt Ailey
