today hi for me what I just wanted to
get a piece of your story on camera that
you're telling me about that bad one is
really funny this it I had two New
Year's and I'm from Oh what are you
watching
nothing it's nothing it is a it you are
talking about Muppets and puppets the
difference between Muppets and puppets
why they're the same and why they're
different they're the same because um
what was it one of the other set
that's at UM they're the same because
they both came for these people is
peaceful now you kick the camera hey say
sorry to your friends who just kicked
him right in the mouth now you just
poked him in the nose and now you nice
poked him in the eye and that hurts
didn't your mother ever tell you to be
nice to your friends okay so they're the
same because they have somebody that
controls them and how are they different
because because the
I'm trying to think people he was it
because one's real and ones knob which
ones real Muppets are like real then why
do they have people controlling them if
they're real you know other one-time
people can go oh puppets but I thought
that's why you said they were the same
thing because I do everything I said
this 15 times because they have they run
yeah Muppet you heard it here first
ladies and gentlemen it'll even nut you
know today we are it's mommy and reading
and we are going to my two favorite
dollar store
let's go I want to go don't fit me car
yeah don't cross the street without your
mother
I dare you Haley wanted a dare so I'm
gonna dare her I dare you to do five
cartwheels right now okay one
two three four five
okay now I'm Madeline okay come on let's
keep walking yet so we're walking
because we didn't find anything at the
dollar store worth looking at I want
some dares I dare you to go up there and
run around that pole three times okay
which one is she gonna eat it she got
confused
I met this pole right here I meant to
run around in this pole three times
not much of a dare and it's not much of
a dare anymore when there's really no
one around to see you do it one two
three you know what it was funnier when
there was people watching you okay now
what I dare you you see that baby doll
on that stroller up here in the window I
dare you to go up to it oh look Earth
echo echo I dare you to go up there and
talk to that baby in the window
you
I was embarrassing
oh hell Amy I saw you hurry nobody ever
get embarrassed Haley but yep she found
justice and all of her embarrassment
trying on a size 5 justice my cute
little jacket
it almost looks cute with that outfit
you're wearing that is cute
do you bring your money
look at this cute dress that's too much
yeah I dare you to cup the front of the
store where the mannequins are and dance
man crazy and at the front and dance
crazy in the window
mom I know bill moon
oh gosh she cracks me up hey guys so we
just got back to Sun justice and I
didn't find a doll so I'm gonna look at
Target for a doll and I call it doll
anything
dun dun dun
can you explain what doll you're looking
for so I can help you find it I was
lying to see I could find this bubble
this girl that does baseball and she has
a she had coming from Athens blowing
bubbles have braids
oh yes baseball is it a monster high
doll yet Montana and she plays baseball
yes if you had bubbles yeah okay I know
she has dumb and she blows oh we should
look it up it's still something I love
this phone
are you gonna take it hard going
dun-dun-duh
top of the world huh
go on with goofed on that the doll
you're looking for a doll oh my god
dolls dolls everywhere do they have it
do you see her
my mom's gonna look it up so I can show
you which one I'm talking about
let's moms for high yeah let me search
it
he's a new one
oh is it yep this is it
it's right here this is the one that has
target I don't see it though oh here
it's a claw being Augie Clawdeen Wolf I
don't see her we might have to dig you
might have the really hunt okay let's go
like in here dude behind things how do
you know if they're new yeah how do you
know she's new because I never seen a
hybrid name she's one that two girls
smashed together two monster highs in
one and it says the doll can stand on
its own wore a key fusion he's a hybrid
of of a skeleton and a ma su yeah yes do
any big sides I didn't do that I didn't
do this okay well I don't fear oh my
gosh doing more Monster Mash yeah
didn't Jonah didn't Emma do Jonah's
makeup to look like one of the guys I
don't think it was a cooking one yeah so
no luck I'm finding that doll but good
luck we found ice cream let's pound some
ice cream laying around and we said food
don't mind if we do have a little bit of
ice cream yeah yeah totally
mmm we just got that from the Walmart
and here's how I'm asking my rumours
from cleaning my room and getting rid of
my topic here to talk about yeah
so that is my room and now I'm going to
clean my room
dude I was watching so here's how I
clean my room well the bed looks good
the rest of the room not so much Haley
is cleaning her room by herself
usually I help her but today she is
seeing if she can do it by herself so
she showed you earlier right you showed
him what it looks like suction hey
awesome Haley watch your head on the fan
dude sit down
so did you show them what it looked like
while I was in the other room you showed
them the mess okay well we got it we got
it before now we need an after okay so
that means all of it you had helped me
know you were doing it by yourself
remember this before this is definitely
the before don't worry we're ready for
the after oh I got Haley hard at work
scrubbing down the beach chairs
so now we're scrubbing them down so they
can go get sandy at the beach tomorrow
right
I'm gonna pack my looky at give a lucky
hat right left
uh-huh what your cat a lucky cat no a
lucky cat in the hat' okay whatever you
say let's flip this over and wipe the
bottom of it not break the umbrella
hello people of the world William here
to read you a bedtime no I'm just
getting another major event I'm sorry
I'm left up all that time sorry
accomplished okay anyways um I have to
tell you a few things one hi gosh wait I
got my carpet clean and does smell a
Toshi
so a plus anyways next thing i talk to
you about is this book right here okay
um so anyways some it says for Haley
Caleb and Annie the greatest youtubers
ever with things um then it what this
book is about is it is about Sleeping
Beauty and the Beast seamlessly retells
then to enter whines the enter whines
the classics for classic fairytale
Sleeping Beauty and and okay I can't
read it that guy's sleeping beauty
beauty and Beauty and the Beast can't
read today so um I don't know if it's
too old for me because we have it ready
yet but it we've heard that's really
really good so um definitely if you
don't know what to read you should go
check this out it is just a cover pretty
much still
Sleeping Beauty and the Beast and it's
by Melissa honey so coolness it's uh
this Melissa lemon is our friend so
that's going to be even to the question
of the day which is what is your
favorite book and I have to say an Alex
Rider adventure because it is full
unexpected twist and turn never know
what's coming next but I know it's going
to come next in the recording the
cameras going to die yeah so this is one
of them I don't even have a full
collection but so far what I have
they're pretty good anyways coming up we
want to know we just type in just so bad
today cover down below cuz we want to
know the question today is what's your
favorite book and see them all I just
finished my room and I'll show you
the question of the day is what they
book you like and I'll like I'm gonna
pick it out the bear the bear Christmas
well bye babe
thanks for watching
Britt Ailey
