time for metalli one down here in the
basement cleaning Annie's at the gym and
Haley is so sleeping I think be honest I
really think she's she's sleeping to get
out of it so yeah and um anyways so yeah
got it was Thane um okay uh-huh
oh yeah and we're cleaning but we're not
just like lightly cleaning we're not
just straightening we are cleaning out
cleaning so yeah and I have to clean the
messy school desk so you guys get to
watch McQueen
you guys won't see much but I'm going to
clean it
hey Leon
cut room doesn't look any shortened
right Ally I guess is little but in the
back of super hurt
Oh madly your coach B if you have to go
to her tomorrow and say yeah I was at
Target and I was skateboarding and the
aisles and I broke my leg true we might
break your arm please all of you
professional skateboarders I am horrible
at the victim
man here's that thunder oh my gosh wow
that was a loud thunder I'm scared
it does seven let's go winning remember
what thought you were scared we have to
wait the storm out inside I'm not going
to get in the rain that's we're stuck at
Target that's not really skateboarding
backward just cuz you have the
skateboard turned around doesn't mean
you're skateboarding backwards
dang weird you just find this random
skate what I'd like to know I stole it
from Sears he's the coolest target
we are trying go home and get em before
storm
so a little dark in here but mama turned
on the light so might not be I cannot
see and we were going to see how outside
looks cleaver in my garage and then I'm
going to use my handy dandy car brush
yup is Raymond to my peril and it's
rainin sprinkling it was storming the
Thunder was super loud in there
he was really scaring me all asunder and
there it was loud Hey hmm feels good hmm
so do you like it I love it
there's an air right here handy-dandy
you are
it's long in the front and then short
the back I'm going to take the camera
cuz my mom cannot drive was a little red
light and now I could all the camera hey
lightning wait for it huh one two three
four
that Piper's flipping at home I'm
flipping out
Oh keep staring at the camera
the goofy faces of an hey my normal
really good Oh
rain rain go away come again another day
I don't care oh you got that in your
little I can bring it rain rain go away
come again another day one of the cutest
videos ever we had a pretty good day I
went to gymnastics and we went to the
mall and I got my hair done in me shops
toda and I love my hair I told myself my
hair and I guess now the day's come to
the end Tinker Bell's on right Tinker
Bell
yeah and Haley's watching that fish I
guess she wants to get back to that so I
guess today is come to an end I'm going
to wrap up the video question of the day
is if you were stranded on an island
what is the one item you would bring and
it does not have to be a survival one
I'd bring my cute little dog Piper hmm
I would bring a lollipop some tow you
only get one
okay happy okay outbreak
mmm Abed hmm bring a bad huh I should
bring her bed no no no I know how I
wanna make a cute little dog Piper so
when she got hung Hey I can't I can't I
will you don't have to worry about
survival you don't have to worry about
my water
oh okay well I would bring a lollipop
hey everybody money no no I would give I
would ring back up I don't know which
clapper describe it wait yeah you know
yeah I just gotta go get it uh I really
gonna watch Tinkerbell really huh yeah
what do you think I am 13 maybe 13 you
know it's like Tinkerbell - cool you
bring an umbrella
yes and your wings Cygnet old water you
have a tree to hide hemp drink so you
dying just be quiet and dies oh oh
we forgot it again every time I want to
say hey hey hey what'd he say time for
another question of their hair a
desolate but I forgot it so masses don't
want her got to say I didn't get it haha
anyways I guess don't forget to come
down below do you want another question
of the day
okay no we were stranded on an island
and you can only bring one item I don't
know ah babe a bye thanks for watching
Brit Ailee
