today right now we're waiting for and we
are going to look it's a movie that
comes out July 8th cheese and a theater
near you we can't wait to see the movie
so we are inside DisneyToon studios
getting ready for an exclusive look at
planes fire messaging so this is the
actual studio that some of the cast
recorded their voices for the movie
planes Fire with Julie Bowen and Dane
Cook guys are clink balloonist r1 or
hashtag please so go to Instagram take
pictures of yourself but hashtag flame
thing so kind of take pictures of films
of yourself like this
I really need to do a breast cancer and
part of this massive coin inside rescue
display
you watch the movie maybe maybe gosh
you'll have to wait and see you in the
theory he repairs himself to look good
among his friends
your indecision stop-start
yeah
all right here's piston peak because
we're like it kind of took place and
this is where blade and dipper kind of
like fought off all the fires and it was
like a national park so they were trying
to like save the National Park for all
the fires I saw this baby and I just
need to say they should definitely see
it in 3d because the fires in the
National Park looked so low and I think
I'm gonna go to national my favorite
character is different because she's
missing
my favorite character was different
because it was pretty early in the movie
she was introducing herself to differ
not every species injured she was
introducing herself to herself she was
introducing herself to dusty and she's
like some people call me miss and then
she repeated so miss miss yep yep into a
bar I don't want to give too much away
my favorite characters we lift because
for his teammates are in trouble be
swept up in the game here
speaking of Heroes that likeness to the
question of the day the question today
is what is the most heroic thing you've
heard of anyone else for the most heroic
thing I've heard is when all the five
thunders ran into the 9/11 building
while I was on fire to save other people
was more so wrong thing I've ever heard
is our soldiers going into battle and I
see Marron lives to save us and world so
the film is about an air racer named
dusty that notices of engine is damaged
then we may never race again
so once he learns that his engine is
damaged he becomes part of a team of
airplane firefighters my favorite part
of the film was when dipper introduced
herself to dust my favorite part of the
film
when you find out why
my favorite part of the movement was I
liked watching One Dipper Sarah I liked
watching season you should definitely go
and see this film because it's super
funny and it's so adventurous and they
just you don't know what's going to
happen next
it's a citizen's yes that word and
there's just a ton of action in it it's
just
oh really funny good movie so if you
like to Disney plane then you should
definitely like Disney planes fire
rescue because there are tons of nude
characters like dipper and blade Rangers
I would recommend this movie because
it's like it has a very good more the
moral of this movie is teeth look like
you should always work as a team to get
the job done we are looking at some cute
little brochures and this white white
falls the waterfall in the bridge is a
very poor important part and movie don't
forget that much but she want to see it
you gotta go and check the movie out on
July 8th so we just got done with
DisneyToon studio
washing playing fire rescue and now we
are going to go into our bed to go
together
our farewell dinner kittiesmama and
Haley showing you how to properly eat
pizza whoo that's not piece of that
cheese Haley showing us how to properly
eat cheap off of a pizza stretchy cheese
I understand the GNA should we put that
down and eat some dinner
cute how's everybody doing tonight
warm how's the treating you how's my
dinner ended it was like some talk about
stabbing yourself with their dollars
yeah
not her yeah I like stabbed myself on
items on my nose the first day like a
few days before you got got got soft and
so that's where the Crocs will be news
you scratched or so I feel and it's
second-greatest and myself and also um I
saw a salsa pencils I was like what I
guess I remember when you've done
yourself
I can almost everyone watching blinds
yeah that's what happened in this lady
with swings our teacher were telling I'm
a speech thingy and it was like I didn't
submit come on hurry up I'm gonna what
up hey uh can I go to the nurse stuff
there's a gushing blood and she's like
okay just got done eating but then we're
gonna go to a hotel but we're saying
goodbye to Kitty's my here
oh I think I have a title for the video
obnoxious goodbyes yep totally aunt I
think I have a thumbnail that was
amazing it was so cool that we got to
see Disney Disney planes Fire and Rescue
at that studio it was awesome this is a
last day in California so sad here's the
scoop of this video Disney was kind
enough to let us watch planes Fire and
Rescue so so still my mom has to edit it
and make sure everything's good in it
and then you guys can watch it well then
I'm off to post it and then you guys can
watch it mhm so yeah uh this video won't
be up until like next week bye up press
you guys gonna be sinking that we did
this today but if not it was last week
for us maybe I don't know when when this
is a jacket or hash tag please me at
BOTS tomorrow
you
everybody on ah baked potato baby thanks
for watching Britt Taylor
