time for TV hello YouTube it's a very
hot day this morning and we are at
Caleb's first baseball game and they are
winning four to zero and the stove a few
inning less so hopefully they don't come
back dizzy destroy ads but we are on a
roll so we're just having a good time
if we win we keep playing if we lose we
head home I'm going to entertain you
guys with super drastic what you're
gonna do stretch
do your scale thing that we were doing
the other day and one where you stick
your hand out and yeah
balint close what about a roundoff back
handspring
I did not get you new shoes
Oh Annie almost made it those are
Kristen's shoes Wow man and if you could
only hold it for like three seconds if
you can practice that and you can hold
it for about three seconds I might be
able to get a picture of it at home
elbows that's pretty good and you got to
look graceful too at the same time
that's good guy get your leg up higher I
was good
that's a good one
huh how many out for dizzy tail and one
out one out okay and a runner on first
that's what's going on in the game other
teams up oh yeah you oh you thought
you're just doing one oh good I thought
you're gonna rebound that was fancy your
cartwheels are getting good
ha I think that was three Hill breathing
let me see your cartwheel handstand yeah
that's almost Gus closed hailey to kick
it up to a side he hands down though
like a knee try one and he just did I'll
catch you up in the air so you don't go
over backwards Andy show her me I'll
catch you
come this way so I can catch you
that's okay
we kept really handsome money what do
you think I'm made of money
yeah all right hiccup watch out hey hey
Oh your arm like gave out well don't do
them if your wrists are hurting yeah I
know
I've been called mid-game over these
cute little girls I think we are in for
a surprise
entertainment okay I'm ready
I have no idea what to expect oh my
goodness
oh don't drop her so entertaining like
this big trailer hand like this Oh
basket catch too
oh yes I love it oh sorry
whoa bullet Rick
one two three baseball love it love it
losing foot five love it thank you girls
for that between the kind of name and
fall entertainment yep we're winning six
crew and we got a runner on second ready
Oh almost an aerial you gotta use some
more power than that no you're gonna
make it Oh keep practicin we just won
regain anyone eating now and we the team
so excited that they won that game it
was two to six or something like that
and now we're going to start that again
and we got whatever I see I see I see
loser saw us
yes what we're doing right now nothing
much well he couldn't pull off the win
in the second game
there were two outs
you just hit the ball at a place where
no one could get it and run scored and
we lost
so
that was last game of this year
we're now heading home because
the last baseball game of the year and
we cherish
Asya he's hard went making the viewers
knows neither is that even a word I'm
not very good at vocabulary nominated is
a word horse seriously guys
you ever been to Cheddar's Cheddar's has
the best hate though oh really it's good
get it with the meat delicious
what about Darion if they're vegetarians
then get it meatloaf we're home you
can't just you can't just swing it
around as fast you can and count it you
actually to keep it going with your hips
we just got home from another trip and
then we're gonna have a few like weeks
to relax like because like because we've
been home I guess when ain't definitely
a break from all this tripping in few
weeks we have to go to North Carolina
for another trip because we did this
thing every year that we bring the
family together and we do a lot of fun
little stuff things and so we're doing
at this here we didn't do it yes last
year you know we didn't do it last year
because we didn't have enough time doing
other stuff another stuff pizza so my
mom and Annie and Haley just a brand to
um
target and they're going to get a lunch
box because Piper eight and his lunch
box because she's um a brat I'm and then
they have to go go
then they have to go get food because we
don't want to starve and Piper says oh
I'm Piper and I like to walk around and
look into the distance of the neighbor's
yard staring at stuff that entries you
get pirate up
no thanks fiver we needed that time
hmmmm no little north we have bad news
hidden etiquette we have bad news I am
NOT gonna be able to sue another day
another week I took up there because um
my mom didn't have time to edit it and
if we got it late then I would have
messed everybody else's our teens up and
it would have just been bananas craving
bananas so um we are very proud of
everybody and their last week um but it
is a team and run because I heard that
it was funny
everybody complaining about the loss
that there's a donut I mean there's a
whole new don't
and I want to see it I haven't seen it
yet so I'm gonna go ahead and watch it
when I'm done with this so you won't see
so he won't be able to do this week
truth Buster because all of the
vacations
we've been on all the baseball stuff my
mom didn't have time to edit it and
little mommy yeah very sad and we're
outside right now
and it's very humid out but it's kind of
eating a little bit humid yelling I'm
like hi but not like big thang hotter
cold like bike bike obsessed like not
not cold but it's like like a system
cold like a punk
I'm how to describe it oh speaking of
that if you if you guys haven't watched
this thing called the Croods you need to
go watch it on Netflix if you have it
and hey we just reminded me of a part
and oh my I can tell them oh yeah well
you definitely go and watch it if you
have it anyways now we are going to go
into the question of the day the
question of the day today is what is
your favorite like channel to watch like
Disney Channel um Science Channel
Cartoon Network Nick anything mine is
probably the Science Channel
wait and Gil
I forgot Muslim channels Disney Channel
Disney there's Cartoon Network those
Nickelodeon
there's hub if you feel like that xt-1
Disney XD like that one
okay there's new yep see that never
happened is me champ
so it's Disney hey Jimmy what do
anything what's this Ewing and Science
Channel
I believe it's channel saying like a hub
yeah he likes um pound or pound puppies
pound puppy fat that like pound puppy
anything what is human being I don't
know what does it mean it's not that
hard to subscribe can you describe it
it's cuz sky I subscribed cubed I
describe this and when I said you're
gonna be like oh yeah I knew that no I'm
not gonna but you're not gonna know
it I know Eddie yawns it's hot and
sticky fun getting a sticky substance
hi Emily honey and that okay yeah like
remember he got off the plane and then
Airport and mommy use like man it is
humid in here
oh look sorry wait wait oh you sticky
and like hot hot well they upped it for
today no you skipped apart so don't
forget to calm down look we really know
the question of the day it's what's your
favorite channel on TV oh my god via
Science Channel
ready better I'll just do it really fast
rapid fast ready set size channel okay
come on Science Channel Disney Channel
you hesitated oh okay my favorite my
second favorite charity oh my gosh no
well I guess that's the by tomorrow
Beibei thanks for watching
Britt Ailey
