hi for metalli it's not a beautiful and
Caleb hired Hayley to help pull his
catchers gear because we were a few
running a few minutes late so we sent
him ahead right all right let's see if
Hayley is strong enough to pull this
thing look at you
you owe me to carry it you're done come
on dude
you didn't make it very far at all okay
I still love you
it might be easy to care a pull on this
gonna try again caleb got breaks in
there he loaded his bag down with bricks
catchers gear is a heavy isn't it
it is helmet yeah got helmet he's got a
chest card
he's got shin guards that's about it and
then probably like 50 water bottles half
drink
I can't see your bunny ears from way
back there oh you lost some ear that's
so sad did it hurt no I need for an
Indian Hill anything a unicorn unicorn
say neigh hmm one more game to go today
and we better win this winner we're
blaming daddy are you really gonna take
a selfie or you gonna make it of me
first let's take a selfie thing I can't
see your face cuz it's dark look at
ourselves eh oh let me see the selfie
but not of you guys quit taking pictures
of me okay I'm really I'm really gonna
do yeah okay so that boosts the button
but first loses let me talk about be
ready 1 2 3 9 gonna come out cute
it didn't let me see that is cute while
Haley's not smiling
okay but first let me take another
selfie when did that one come out cute
not selfie
it's that Debbie I should doing a pic
collage of you guys now yeah you got
posted on Instagram and you I don't post
on those too you know mm-hmm too bad I'm
in control don't tickle me maybe
something you juggle mommy oh boy
personnel don't pose that one of me here
we go mommy with the camera and a
steering yeah yeah Haley don't help him
- she's like it's right here which
Instagram you gonna post it on whatever
one you're logged into how please let me
be logged into Andy's lately no she has
more followers than me I'm gonna do
hearings no I think I'm into mine that's
how I live my life though right there
can you braid are you tickling her or a
little I'll help you sorry I didn't say
who I'm gonna vote yeah I did help dad
you want me to tickle him hey he's not
ticklish
yeah tell me Zhu Neng in a given Russia
bed no more monkeys jumping on the bed
longest day of baseball ever wasn't it
hey I got a pet okay Wow my head is not
here but she went with a friend to this
niggas does she went because she went
with her friend with rides and roller
coaster ha ha ha and why didn't you go
to the park to ride roller coasters
cuz I'm just a needle in this game yeah
cuz Haley does not ride rollercoasters
well Annie got to spend the day with a
friend riding roller coasters how many
do you think she rode not a hundred we
jumpy I can sleep on the bat your sleep
in there tonight
yeah
let me see those muscles oh yeah are you
ready to go swimming is right here let
me get another yeah I do okay good I'm
sure
okay and zip it oh oh it is unzip all
right push the button build that bad boy
up
all right don't overflow that bad boy
yeah look who's back and joined us how
was it uh get out
spoon in the pool that's awkward how was
your day I'm gonna get laughs I'm in the
splash zone how was your day without us
ah you're right every roller coaster you
almost made all the way up 50 did you
like this mail-in see if you can do it
4030 yeah why not haha oh my god oh so
weird
you're gonna let's go right now we're up
up in the hook out understand the sky
come go go go wing and pickups go the
hiccups
we're gonna watch the sunset look how
pretty
hey leave serenading us with our hiccups
and an almost end to a very long day
yeah oh my goodness that's a bank you
are Shh
will you sleep in that chair all night
all night I slip in the jail last no you
didn't
I'll show you where you slept right next
to me I am going to the chair it's
almost done mr. Sun
it's a mrs. son as soon as I turn the
camera off
Haley started singing a song so you guys
have to listen to little Sifl area hmm
and that's sky twinkle twinkle little
star how much wine you um you are first
of all she's saying it's just a second
ago and she said twinkle twinkle little
diamond
you said diamond like 4 times and I turn
the camera on
twinkle twinkle little diamond how much
wanna how you winded it wasn't wounded
in diamond yeah you're a poet and didn't
know it sunset sunset go sunset rise and
let it go he gone
times we go up high it goes down and you
go up yeah morever Hotel them like a
diamond in the sky it a pleasure wait is
mine one A to F a banana huh four a five
a six man Anna today we had some more
base what is that Oh Richard so today we
had some more baseball and we lost both
games and tomorrow wouldn't have some
more gate like a one more game hopefully
because if we lose one well I don't want
that to happen so
so the question today is what intercept
color my favorite color is blue in green
my favorite color is hey no purple
purple and black
Halley pop all night um sorry colors you
can pick up two three
today's question today we've done it
before but we do it we do um certain
questions the day's um not like in a row
but sometimes we need we have more
subscribers so we kind of do them not
like more motor og color no okay all the
time yeah she makes absolutely no sense
so what you trying to get across is we
do these things called question of the
days whoa where we ask a question the we
answered then you guys answered in the
comments down below and then like poop
like I said completely up every day we
come up with a new question the day but
every so often like in a long period of
time since we're getting new subscribers
we do and we do a different one anything
we do another one I've already done in
the past so the old subscribers can
still answer because maybe your colors
change the favorite colors changed or
you just want to answer it again to get
it out there that I like this certain
color and nobody else can like this
color cuz I'll shoot you know no cross
and now okay anyways but the new
subscribers can answer it because we
don't know so they can't shoot anybody
can somebody knows their god boo boo boo
favorite halo scrap we're talking about
you'd be blue but he talked about me
we just have like the same voice right
Eddie no oh okay so nobody called oh no
this one another person today it's
Richard nothing hi Patrick you know yeah
oh you new subscribers out there were
blood have you done so now we're going
to pause video by saying but crapshoot
chicken a good buddy juice sorry for not
good yeah one one more game tomorrow and
the season
ah did I say bye-bye
not in sorry hon I parked on gone and
three two one baked potato baby
thanks for watching
Britt Ailey
