today we it's cold outside and we are
getting our bags kickstand it's so hard
to fit up there we are
all right
thank gosh this airplane
I don't know I don't know what that
stuff and and oli uh okay I don't know
hopping on a scooter tell her she looks
dumb when she does it
Piper what do you look like when you do
it Piper what about you Annie
alright watch how cute you are
watch out watch how cool you are
let's see how cool you are
yeah do it coming this way let me see
old is he how cool you out on the fried
oh my gosh Piper did you kill Santa
Piper
they're saying the pieces in your mouth
Piper you killed Santa Papa Shane is
dead you killed him I have to get him
another one
good job Haley any prime example of what
I'm talking about
just because you're done with the
scooter doesn't mean you leave it laying
wherever you want use the bright goofy
not your feet over the one hand one hand
and wreck
Gigi you guys stick gonna hit so much
just terrible lighting I look like I
have a mask on one time anyways okay
it's still bad I can't oh it's my hat no
yeah oh my gosh gymnast is that what it
is they like gymnastic 'el oh my gosh
never like actually is it the like nasty
cool icicle it what's the coal
like oh my gosh sign up for you guys
okay
anyhoo we're going to see a movie and it
is wonder wonder so we're also going to
get some friendship rings and well shop
then hasn't been here in a while
oh no I I haven't been doing some UV
feel weird
okay I'm gonna show you where to go but
I can't come in they changed it no you
hit you guys okay well bye guys they're
gonna saw do what it's completely
different
does that mean the fire hydrants gone or
the fire alarm not the fire hydrant is
it gone
Caleb Haas friend it was this one I'm
sure for sure it's the same one I'm sure
they saved it oh my gosh it's completely
through here in years
what like a new mall shop
well whoops when you come to a movie on
an opening weekend
it's that you shouldn't be surprised
whether they isn't Sunday I'm losing
Chuck losing track of the day so plunder
sold out like the next two showing
there's a ton of people though so we're
gonna say their weather line so we're
just gonna go shop cuz that was a plan
after the movies
somebody's what oh my I think that's
probably something to do with tearing up
the the mall look no one's really not
upset so that's good we just stay
positive right okay well just go
shopping
yeah I think it was seven everything
this is perfect that's good no no yeah I
think it's all I think I missed six I'm
just measuring your finger before you
pick okay are you filming no just
kidding the hunt continues
we had no success in the first store
perfection we've got some options here
this one says her story like like her
story like history and this not focusing
that is wait first wait for it so that's
one option
they found two of those we're still
looking and this is the okay I was going
to show that one
you still can't read it but it's so cool
it has her story on it okay we're
focused again guys oh so cute oh this is
the kids section you were right this is
yeah you're like this is my section but
I thought you were just saying cuz it
was colorful but no there's kids glitter
is my signature color it's so cute
internet-famous is so good thank you
just looking thank you
I created a unicorn he's like the baby
section so much fun decided are they
have to say on rings users trying to
cram one mom my finger that was so it's
like there's like just a lot ways pretty
and they found both success okay so
we're going up an escalator
and kind Hughley everyone's just looking
at me vlogging but that's okay I have
the floor and we're gonna go get popcorn
even though our movie failed we're going
to go home
we're gonna go home and watch Riverdale
and get some popcorn so we're gonna get
popcorn around the movie theater and
ring out back to my house a new movie
for us no movie for us
looks like gonna stab me with a fork oh
my god and Star Wars or now with them
okay guys so
the greatest snowman did you see what it
is
okay look at sin well I got a sparkle
and also my finger is amazing okay y'all
life work is getting demolished that's
the right word is that another word
demolished we're just going okay so guys
I I don't know if you're watching this
or not of the people I'm talking about
but if you are it was nice to meet you
at the movie theatres okay you didn't
get left that's okay
and yeah that's pretty much all I feel
like I just want to go up to you guys
really high no bite or doing I mean I'm
lighting miss pork like she does all
right so the mall trip was somewhat
successful
heat a little bit more talented on it
than you it's Annie think so she says
parkour accounts now I'm Hayden was the
yours I know all right so we didn't get
him to see a movie but we did get the
popcorn you saw that we got rings
faintly did a little shopping it's cold
it was warm when we first got out but
not anymore
forever night Haley stopped it forever
nine
oh yeah when he would lift hailey up oh
what's the plan stands show us some of
things you got we went so fast
shopping much I know I had to get it
it's like you could do something like
that clickbait she just all too well
what clique Vedas have you ever been
click baited yeah click bait when you
when you see a video name something
you're like oh my gosh I can't believe
that no way that happened you clicked on
it and it wasn't really that that's
clickbait it just didn't even show how
do you feel when you get clicked baited
do you care or do just move on or you
like really angry but I think they're
one size fits all and I don't think
they're gonna fit her but they could be
sigh hi is that Annie hi alright what
else you guys the jacket in the sock and
it's also cozy
Oh perfect would it be silly to put a
che Y on some merch like hey like AG buy
like hey I think that might be dumb can
occur by they could say hey and then buy
on the back thank you Oh little shirt
dress sure that's the backward cuz
there's a pocket yeah yeah no it's just
for decoration
ooh sweater sweater dress why am I
saying ooh I was with her I'm like
booing annoying and I know it's cute but
I meant like I helped pick it out like
I've seen it I've seen it this might be
very small four five six class we might
have to put
shirt under you really liked it was cute
yeah I forgot
checkered checkered that's alright well
thanks thanks we're in like two black
and white a very yeah we definitely had
a theme going on that shopping tables
because what does it do it oh my god
what's it doing you know that's dark and
just doesn't we're not pressing anything
hands-free well I mean I've got a pulled
it tripod anyway guys we're watching
Riverdale Andale Oh episode four and I
just can't I need to know sorry guys are
being born again now it makes so born
belay it looks like this is coming out
of my cheek why is it blue now now it's
wise now it's back maybe it's like the
screen like update okay you know it
doesn't matter it's a mystery okay well
peace for now talk to you later okay
watching videos on computer and I'm
tired cuz it is oh it's 709 tired so
okay I think that any has an obsession
with cleaning out her closet it's a
great obsession
she likes to organize it you and Haley
both have been saying that I want proof
this what I think those pants are
supposed to be charged and this jacket
supposed to Haley I want that jacket
you're gonna do a donate pile or we were
doing that eBay stuff but we kind of got
sidetracked and I'm gonna lay here and
I'll be I'll be in charge of saying no
that looks really good on you yeah but
if it fits you you're keeping it we just
did this and just I'm not buying you new
clothes I bought Haley new clothes cuz
she legit was still in a size like seven
slim pants and she's nine and we only
went up to an eight slim but the seven
slimmed wouldn't even button around her
and no we've just cleaned out your
closet all right so we're gonna do this
I'm doing a lot of this oh we have a
visitor
this is the thing I hate most about
cleaning out rooms that looks weird from
here it looks like string wini wini wini
can you go help her oh it's gonna get
worse before it gets better
okay so the question is is are you just
gonna leave all that for tomorrow I knew
that was gonna happen
let me see how let me see how curly look
wait though we didn't braid the very
ends so you've got it it's kind of
cool-looking though that is almost like
perm let me zoom in just there they're
like the curls I've never seen it and it
looks permed okay yeah oh my hair it's
something great okay so it's time no
question today and the question of the
day is what's your fave Oh
favorite TV show my favorite TV show oh
I miss Riverdale account as a teenager
necklace show it's a series so I mean
let's just go with that you know I was
not really TV show I'm gonna go with the
Riverdale or string new things and you
know
there's nothing um can you hurry Oh Girl
Meets World
even though it's not still on okay so
now forget to calm down looks Buena none
to question the day is what's a favorite
TV show and I know I look like a lion
but she always wants to look like a lion
bye II remember to celebrate thanks for
watching Vitaly
