time for what can you eat good morning
everyone
we're getting ready to go to Disneyland
and and mommy said that we can open one
surprise are these surprises from for
your friends brought them to you okay
I'm opening this one so which one are
you opening so wait I think these all
came from the same person that's a
coincidence
for pi-thirds from going first now while
they're opening these we will we will
open the rest of them later and
hopefully we'll do it on video but we
really have to don't have time this
morning to open them all spells out my
name oh my god which is music no bugger
hey that's cool how do you people learn
how to do this let me finish I'm in a
cupcake
sprinkle let me see the music note how
in the world that is amazing all right
Haley what you guys expelled me me me oh
and what's the thing at the end aj y le
y OU h it cat cake oh my goodness I hope
a flat
it's a comfy oh it's like on the belt on
here you take a brace right yeah do you
want to wear it today yeah okay we're
getting ready to go to Disneyland so you
can wear to Disneyland
these are amazing I don't know do stuff
she can do some serious looming in the
rainbow area um what did I meet them up
yeah yeah
and he was like fangirling I like her
I've never seen her fangirl over anybody
who's unbelievable okay anyways so um if
your present hasn't been opened today
since we only opened one yeah that's for
sake don't go be mad we my presence
thank you um we are trying to open like
a few a day because whoops because um it
would wanna be a big mess you open a few
it's like a like a 500 day and the
second reason is I don't have second
days and I was just gonna keep talking
and so we're just gonna try our best
open all like spread out spread come and
catch but we will thank you all for all
coming out and sending us or not sending
us giving us giving us these
unbelievable things definitely the one
that we opened is unbelievable since
such I said website kind of lot of not
say your name can't even spell your own
name out welcome into dis million right
now
yay I'm very excited because we've never
been here before and um I'm just yeah
yeah I'm speechless that's how I cloud
my aunt just got in the park we are
walking in down Main Street
let's see what kind of adventures we
could have caleb is our trip coordinator
tour guide because he's got the map and
I am not good with directions
yeah mine okay so we're gonna get lost
wait I see that I was right and then one
supposed to rock down useful know maybe
right here don't think so we couldn't
take a right back there so we're going
here there's oh I can't take it right
here either all right let's go pull over
put your blinkers on and pull over to
the right and let's check the
handy-dandy map all right sorry this is
the right stuff children yeah one of
them is pretty good got kicked off the
rocks at Disneyland strike one I'm doing
I know strike one for all of you oh I
thought are we trying to get kicked out
yeah I really wanted to say all right
fail number one know how many times I
think us to get assessed number one we
didn't get kicked out no but
it was a success like I'm getting in
trouble not really trouble just asked to
get off of their rocks
all right let's head to ride
all of you together can get it out Oh
Shawn this shows your muscles Annie beer
and I to me
Tigger feeler and Pooh and I not a rainy
mood to get me this book to make him
sign it
how did you get over to this party it's
character party hailey she what did you
do my you what son I and how scared were
you did I have to drag you on crying did
you get off crying got off a little bit
sad but are you happy now okay worth it
for the to go meet these guys he was
happy I think she was not happy but yeah
that doesn't want to admit it right now
what are you admitting yeah yeah why'd
you get a president it would have been a
really long walk to get over here
without writing the ride over
so she survived she faced her fears
you
you
you're what sloppiest so far are they
fluffier than me I've got a few
nicknames right what I get a worn on
puppy thank you actually
look who we found you found Gillian and
now we've got a happy Hayley oh you're
tangoing tango at disney world land
sorry
apparently we're going to walk through
Disneyland like this all day how excited
are you
are you excited
we're gonna go we don't want everybody
on
giddyup horsey
whoo-whee waving at
you wave you to everyone about your
people
man you got that way down all right
we're doing better what this one seven
we're gonna probably to take people for
your princess do remember chairs that we
liked yes she did choose this one this
one yeah okay
crazy daddy show me crazy sassy
oh my
Haley's a blast during the ice cream or
the parade
you
all right my battery dies tomorrow
hey seon-ah potato baked potato baby
thanks for watching
Britt Ailey
