we're doing GG what are we doing today
no what's your note say today we are we
got the weirdest laughs ever in this
house you're like a silhouette over
there no you're fixed okay so what's
your what's the rest of the sentence
supposed to say what are we doing right
now EJ that word you're writing in your
journal I thought you're gonna talk
about what else we're doing
that's exciting she's like then where
we're going we're going to LA she's like
yeah it sounds like to say an Olay but
you're saying LA and then we've got some
of the stuff for the airplane right here
and ease of gymnastics I'm gonna go get
her and what are we gonna do when we
pick Annie up for gymnastics you know
where we're gonna go no we're gonna go
get what we're gonna go get pedicures
okay go get our toes painted all pretty
but if you make that face you're not
invited yeah
and we're leaving for VidCon tomorrow so
we're getting our nails down at the mall
so yeah and Hayley got some a little
candy thing so I'm having a little lunch
it's a mini hamburger because Caleb and
daddy went to the movies and I don't
know but they're gonna see you but I
think it's like called the edge of
tomorrow the edge of tomorrow and we're
all girls are gonna go get our nails
done I'm shooting about that lunch thing
this is just candy but if there's mini
hamburgers so I said it's gonna be my
lunch but I ever already had subway so I
ate lunch at the gym I practically live
at that gym sleepover now I had a snack
I
don't eat all the okay right did you get
a belly
let me see that design
anything right you got like a mint color
oh hey Lisa bighead this guy
okay you pick your nose mint green blue
we're ready
California California
so today we're packing and tomorrow
we're going on the plane and here is our
packing these are the piles so this is
Caleb and this is mine this is mine
really weighty bring shoes from the mall
okay the piles are done in here look at
these gorgeous shoes that she got yep
and this is my eyes now mommy's piles
not done and look we've got bathing
suits because I bet we'll find a pool I
got a nice um workout clothes that is
for Inez cuz they have a workout section
and Annie can workout yeah she's gonna
work out so that she can stay strong
so she's missing so much gymnastic yeah
it's a break yeah but not a workout
break just got to keep those muscles
strong surprised and we don't know what
it is so that's the stuff that we're
gonna have on babe in here the Bears and
creepy
like Lila spying I thought you're still
filming you are
I'm sorry boring everybody yes yes don't
pull on that scary but you're all right
take them outside while I finish packing
okay go on an adventure swing shoes I
said blanked wait you gotta going up the
name i mustache you a question my
mustache I'm just gonna kneel then my
baby is this ring fish yeah yeah okay
this one it has a design on it OOP and a
wink and I think and we think we can I
think
hey Pete and I did a week and on ding
and here is our plug that I made
I made all by myself because I haven't
breasts so it's a Garmin dress so I made
a garden I think I made that oh I made
it so awful have you been laughs take a
nice good clean I have to say so I skip
that dress and gang with you you're
knocking down my tower of laundry yeah
you did
you're fired Haley that's it I thought
you're my helper and all you're doing is
knocking stuff down
oh you broke my sister
mm okay we are so excited because
tomorrow is our trip together yeah and
we're going so early
I really have to I probably not even
gonna be able to sleep yeah well we'd
have to go really early in the morning
so we're already in the closet my mother
just out for the plane in the red coat
say yes you can sleep the meat and then
just wake up brush your teeth kind of
dress with the hair and then leave out
the door I so anyways my mom saw this
big phone that she's trying to pretend
to call everyone
so photo it anyways we have our trip
tail for you tomorrow Bob and so excited
and we are mommy's doing laughing at
packings
just a little pat
just just like packing stuff for the
airplane trip so yeah and then now I'm
just gonna go into the question of the
day the question of the day is not this
or that it is what is your favorite
vacation that you've been on mine is
probably when we went to Disney World
not Disney only in in California Disney
World in Florida good thing that we did
me New York New York New York in an in a
new fuel and then well yeah this weird
sentence before I know we all I know
you're new you don't forget to comment
down below is not this what is your
favorite vacation that you've been on
Miami tomorrow by one next time you see
us we will be awake either before we go
into plane or wild by so I'm so excited
for tomorrow because we're gonna be
waking up really early to get on a puppy
forever
oh yeah Piper's not going cuz she's ugly
with my sisters and we can't get to
sleep because I'm so excited for LA
tomorrow and the question today is where
is like the best vacation please spot
like you've ever been to not say la oh
yeah so remember today is we go so don't
forget to call me down below because we
want to know the question of the day is
what is your favorite vacation that we
have been to that you happen to not be
happen yeah so bye see you tomorrow see
you tomorrow
thanks for watching
Britt Taylor
