Haylee sleeping in a car because we've
been on the go since 6 o'clock this
morning we had to get Caleb dropped off
at baseball now we're headed to go get
Annie from her sleepover and it is an
early day so Haley is sleeping in the
car getting her beauty rest
good morning mommy just picked me up
from the sleepover and I breakfast on
the girls we're on our way to baseball
and we have a little bit of a journey
the reason why I'm eating breakfast in
the car is because my mom had to pick me
up early from the sleepover to get to
baseball time
and then I forgot my brush well I didn't
think I would need a brush but luckily
our handy dandy car brush that we always
keep in here is with us here yeah but it
Haley is sleeping
yeah here to wake up at like 7:00
I got a bit 6c
what's how did you guys get up
continue to follow 7 for 17 miles
in 30
how they wake you up having good with
everybody just waking up at different
time yeah they put it on loud use it
throw it and then they scream come on
really loud did you guys do anything fun
like play games or do just think
a bunch of games a bunch of games
because all is that tonight texted me
twice and that all of us have you stop
texting me
you're like I'm done with you we found
we work we are at baseball and we went
to the park the other day and then we
found some special guests that we met
and they liked our videos so and they
just wanted to say hi okay so I'm Danny
and this is mr. pop-tart and this is
Haley with mr. pop charging here and I'm
and Katie so yeah we were just playing
here and we just had a little nap we got
home around 2 and now we slept until
like this time so there's about five so
we slept for like three hours but now we
are fresh and now we can play outside
yeah
and I'm really excited because we leave
for California not tomorrow but the next
day and hours been doing our nice Sunday
evening outside and if you're not summer
weather which I hate for it to be summer
when is the first day of summer today
does it feel like it wanted to be hotter
oh no I think it feels cold feels just
right doesn't it Haley so I mean I
actually didn't even know this one just
feel like role think babe you guys mess
it but so I kept doing this touching
your feet dude
Piper has a baggie of goldfish she's
trying to get me to come chase her you
did it
watch
look how bad this dog is where did you
find that Piper all right no pressure
land it fat solid you like an aerial you
have to use that leg to spring off and
then whip the back look this leg over so
look well Annie works on her front
aerial you did Matt Oh inside aerial or
front aerial
yeah that's what I came to see you're
watering the dead flowers
whatever so just got done for my
friend's house then I'm back home and me
and Piper outside okay and so yeah just
praying outside enjoying my day outside
so yeah there's a lot of confusion about
where like if you little thing like
they're confused about if it's inside
the USPS and it's outside right in front
of the ESPN Zone so yeah and Downtown
Disney yeah don't we ate that and it's
coming up guys
so I'm in Haley's room right now we
forgot to wrap the question of the day
and it's pretty late right now so I'm
going to just wrap up the question that
is gonna be a really simple one this
without I think we might have already
done this one but it's going to be dog
or cat and I would rather dog so just
don't forget to calm down below cuz more
about the question of the day is this is
that dog cat here
rhymes - bye say bye bye hi guard and so
the wisdom today is this - that I know
you've already done it before but I
couldn't really think of anything else
so I've got to say dog it's really hard
though because this close
so I'm gonna come down the locust moon
another vision today is poeple I mean
this with that countertop thanks for
watching
Brit Haley
