time for my ue y star and okay it's
right we're good right look at that face
was that can you see the rain coming
down honest I'm serious look if I cannot
kill AJ this way so I can do this man oh
that's creepy hey do like no all-white
yeah yeah it all scares me not bad no
no no when when you flip over it scares
me when you know I'm not gonna tell you
what scares me because then you'll do it
now what okay
that shoulder strength a shoulder
stretch
I should be strength I was ready to
become impressive like strength every
time that did it hit me do one a
celebratory yeah we hope so we're gonna
wear you out
yup now I'm gonna tell the boys that you
have to do a press Hansen for every hit
oh okay that's it hit that comes with a
hit you got the ball
yeah just get ready cuz the other ones
in he's going to go to every hit they
get and he's doing a president soon
she's gonna be when he's doing something
it yeah
alright good job take it all the way up
all right well I'm gonna try to grab you
Lorna shortly he's fine yeah gotcha
okay just told me he know yourself me we
can hold yourself and I do hand nope
we've had the deal at the beginning as a
press handstand you oh that was an error
but we got on base so let's count it as
a hit my dear now is either depression
or this what are you gonna do after that
on being how are you gonna come out of
that oh my gosh really
all right
hey the walk you only another cut
handstand he's on base
alright fine a hit right hands Anton
walk for a walk that's it and that
carries for Allen you're gonna do back
handspring for every run we score which
is two so you owe me a hit a backhand
spring - back handspring Tali that one
up what happened we had a hit yet ahead
and three run to run three runs four oh
you better block a little better men oh
then wait there wait inside now would I
expand there was a hit - hey buttburn
down by one now it's all because of you
I know Ryan girl come on you
don't let the scheme down in it can't
stop now all right Joe cheater 100 house
close to be unfair money for the run
that was for the run - that game was
awesome
because they only wanted because of me
the reason why it's all because as me is
baby like down by 8 2 2 the score was 8
to 2 and I kept doing Britian's forever
hit they got and then they just got the
just keep hitting and hitting and
hitting and then this the final score
was 19 to 8 they didn't score any more
runs because of me
and then how to zoom another baseball
game but I was a part at that point so
they won that one on the road
um 11:2 to kill just told me that with
his hands yeah I'll save ya I should get
to to do anyway use and now because I
won of course why they have another
baseball game in the morning and when
we're at home and then I take it back
then we're gonna eat and then we're
gonna take me to the gym I know I'm
going back to gymnastics to sleep I
pretty much live in the gym yeah and
he's gonna I'm sleeping it's a team
sleepover and Jesus he's gonna do um
some back flips when she everybody
sleeping actually me and my friend we're
gonna try to sleep on sleep on the
trampoline and then when the coaches got
a sleep jump on it way to get yourself
give yourself away
Baker
trouble I'm in my room packing for my
domestic sleepover and oh I'm so excited
because it's 810 at night but I'm really
excited so we didn't go to gymnastics at
8:00 10:00 at night and we did this
right there I saw I'm packing right now
so got my pillow with my son and pillow
right here and then and then I got my
sleeping bag and then I got my back
right now where you're going to pass um
my coach that it gets really cold that's
why I'm orange sweatshirt but if I do
get hot gonna wear I have a tank top
under it now I'm just gonna get some
socks just because my feet get cold like
you saw them why are you in doing them
cuz I'm putting them Oh Oh cute you need
to pack something because we've got
baseball in the morning when I pick you
up we're going straight to baseball
is it gonna be hot you know well maybe
chilly in the morning let's look up the
weather I've let my girlfriend let my
grabber all day so it's gonna be fine
and stuff and yeah so um was our thing
so anyways we're gonna do doors of the
day which is this to that pepperoni
pizza on Cheney pita coming on look we
don't know the question today is I just
completely mess it up okay shot again
dumb do like I said cheese pizza and so
now go down below cuz we want to know
the question today is she's this fat
cheese beets or pepperoni pizzas and
anyone not be answering because she's
got a sleepover so yeah mm-hmm sesame
hey guys it's me huge and question
Christian those days this or that
I'm cheese on the pizza or pepperoni on
it
picked up pepperoni whoa bye see you
tomorrow
Hey
ah database the database
thanks for watching
Britt Ailey
