today on potato we tie for me hello
everyone um today daddy is upstairs in
some YouTube stuff while mine is at the
mall shopping for our trip to California
yeah and I'm sure filming Caleb's on
minecraft Haley's on her iPad
Jay and I it's the first day of my
summer I'm all done it's booked by the
first day of summer and Caleb just did
one day of school and and now he's
getting a break I'm playing Minecraft
and then it's gonna do another one cuz
so we can get him done quick yeah and
then I volunteered to cook some lunch
but I'm not really cooking anything I'm
just letting the peanut butter and
jellies and crunch Uncrustables uh
defrost and then I have some tips and
then people break yeah yeah and so
that's what we're doing right now it's a
beautiful day off of that I'm still in
my pajamas my Mickey pajama first day of
summer yeah nothing soon mmm do nope
yeah so I'll guess we'll see you later
we are going to Target and I just
remembered that I lost my
last night and I told you guys but it
was it but it was really bleeding and
you couldn't really see it that well
yeah I look like a Snapple but because I
have one on that side normal that side
so yeah so the reason that we are going
to target is to get some shoes that will
go with our outfits
is officials cricket but maybe when your
new tooth grows then it'll straight them
out you won't know until all your teeth
are in I'm like okay Oh Anita yeah go on
camera oh my gosh mommy please we're
trying I use shoes and more shoes I'm
debating on these she'll Danny's got on
cuz I think they're too high heel and
too grown-up more they are her size I
may let her do it for me tonight those
are the same shoe accepted I know my
house don't up not do not fit right
those are too dressy we're looking for
some casual shoes anyways I'm thinking
these maybe a little bit too dressy I
mean too grown-up for a knee burn every
day we're both she just tripped and
maybe he not good enough she needs a
nice citrus top but maybe for the
meet-and-greet
hey I just walking I hope are they too
big we try different size yeah tattoo
yeah you're cute
hailey right right those look comfy
those aren't tap shoes those are like
more like belly this hi Mary so
now it's blurry but it's really
cool-looking that's pretty how the
lights going on
okay you gotta take this because I got a
drive yeah so we just finished at Target
we went shoe shopping
couldn't find anything and so now we're
going to head to the mall to try to find
some shoes all but I got a cookie within
mommy for a moment well I forgot to tell
mommy that I am drinking water I'm doing
that
no soda thing challenge and she got Diet
Coke
seeing the no soda challenge I've been
doing it for over a month right now and
I've been doing it pretty well hard
until yeah because if we forget I can't
drink anything
yeah thirteen and can't get running but
I got a cookie and never get cookies
hey let's doing a video and we're we
can't be loud up in there so we're going
outside and blowing some bubbles
homework
oh no Piper's got that Brad had arisen
Larry and now it's lovely its blabbering
it's blurry it's a blob ray
see how it's Bala Oh No look Larry
anymore wait is it blurry all right
let's see if we can swing and then
trigger and rabbit so I'll be right back
with that bird all right because I'm the
greatest mommy on the planet right just
we're in agreement right before I show
you this stuff yeah all right I got you
this from Target did I huh you did no I
did
it's for the plane I fit figured you two
enjoy some coloring with fairies really
yeah
how much was it about but that wasn't my
noblesse yeah I know you can't believe
it it's just scaring the sneeze out of
you
okay but for real I did get you some
stuff I just wanted this honey so that
wasn't it do you want it yeah you and
Haley color together okay to accompany
your 3ds that Nintendo so kindly gave
you you have two choices on a case I
didn't know which one so I got both and
I will be taking the other one back
either okay you're not jumping up and
down with excitement so that one's going
back Pokemon case okay or behind door
number two
you're still not jumping up and down
with excitement what was a mom got to do
to get her son to jump up and down I was
expecting candy I figured since we're
going on another trip to LA on the plane
you needed a case I'm really sad that
you're not jumping up and down that are
you a little which one do you want you
want to use it Luke do you want to leave
it up for the viewers this takes very
concentration of all
sometimes when you fight you for the
words you just make up things
Jenny sands Pfeiffer big quiet she's
ready to play for my games go you ready
to play oh thank you you're welcome
which one now is a candy in there no I
didn't get to candy maybe I failed of
another okay ready
now this I just got because I feel well
I do love you and I felt maybe you
needed some reading material I don't
know if it's something you can use world
is this
i faint minecraft clearly I don't know
if it's even gonna be something you can
use Network it and I need really
concentration 'el reading right now once
upon a time in a land far away okay
there's one more thing in here I'm
trying to read this very site fish
chicken book dude about no am I gonna
get a reaction now yeah did I really
give you the wrong one
I think aside between that winner why
should have take a while really yeah are
you kidding you want why don't open it
if you want why don't open it
no thanks to them okay it's for the trip
I got a streamer okay and what I didn't
know what I said tonight some chicken
here no pot roast there you go Bingbing
I know and you don't know what I love is
it in that your sake
thank you tell your honey moment
sometimes you turn oh wait you told your
happy moment
can you tell you sad move my happy
moment is I die like I do minecraft with
you
Eleni my love is I go to bathroom I have
to go to bathroom maybe excuse I'm gonna
beat you you and that will be my hi hi
is I got cool
I got you ever Matt Berger in bubbles
and my low is
that that nah oh yeah we we don't get to
go to California to get true
I think you just thought of that let's
go all the good one
um my hime is that we got to go shopping
Milo that the day has come to an end and
it's not unique why couldn't I have any
keys malo be quiet so I guess it's a
play you will see you tomorrow
no get the don't look good dude
comment down below cuz we wanna go
hello buddy I'm gonna way better
hey happened nice checking stop who you
Maya ah that's good I goodbye Caleb say
goodbye Kim it no it it was like that
say goodbye Caleb goodbye Caleb dress
that I'm going to press this press it
nope this is my new outfit review bit
VidCon what all right Kevin the lights
so we can see you know homeboy Hollywood
are you gonna wear the hat too yeah so
today we discovered that mommy's in big
trouble now right cuz what does justice
now have so mommy's and big big trouble
now
yes is has five oh five five five five
oh my goodness
oh here's Danny but it matches her
here's Andy's new outfit oh she's a
thief again Piper does not like that
there you can honor
it won't fit her that's cute I like you
come into light so I can see it all
right now you guys got to go get those
off what's up well that's perfect except
if it was green York we're not one in
New York City hey babe thanks for
watching Britt Ailey
