today I'm okay we got a moment here at
Chipotle and we are sitting inside one
because it is very nice day and two
because we have sweet house and um it is
their last day today so after we are
done eating really ahead and take them
to the airport
did you have a good lunch did you have a
good lunch I said are you gonna miss me
hey yeah I know
you're ready to go bye-bye through the
airport you saving that for later
that's creepy eight and a creepy Aiden
run away foil get it Joe hi too much -
but I always do that here where you burn
born early we're talking about how the
kids acted when they were younger and
how much they weighed and you were Caleb
was almost three weeks early - the day
you were right under three weeks early
and Hailey was about two and a half
weeks early about you were hailey Annie
you were born when you were dude June 20
June 20th or June 29 June December oh
sorry
Caleb was due August 2nd
nabis and Hailey was due September 21st
are you language so wait you were almost
three weeks I might have that all wrong
I'm a cute no Ivan I was born that does
mean you're born a day late that's
pretty good I have a speech I was
supposed to meet Edward bagus second
like August 2nd there's any more wine
for without a second icon oh sorry
August 2nd birthday people happy
birthday from Caleb King little wine
bowl to my likes are you talking - yeah
you're calling him little wetter you
won't even turn out right there forever
get dropping off everybody and there
we're gonna give our
by
hugs
ah okay thank you Huggies Oh Caleb
goodbye he's like get out of here dude
Bobbo
yes sir
alright bye Randy love you too be good
you guys tell Randy goodbye and Diana
we'll miss you guys a fight
love you do
that good or bad yeah I know the little
tight in the car getting everybody in
the bag huh all right buckles on our
house is going to be so boring and quiet
now
y'all are so boring gosh we just dropped
a limb off and you resolve the peaks
he breaks big peep peeps like heaps that
you to see his cousin a you cute oh no
we're all very much
did you just call them marshmallows oh
yeah once again it
boom check out like boom boom boom
so I think he made his point and now we
are going to go home or if we don't want
to well can you think of a blob you
don't want to Madagascar we will see you
there outside hanging out cause we got
some shade in our backyard right now and
I don't really know what to do there
does because we just have like zero
people here you guys know we used to
have light like nine people so yeah and
so I have some updated things to tell
you guys about the meet and greet we
will be in Downtown Disney at the
Disneyland Resort in California
the date is Saturday June 28th from 3 to
5 p.m. and the cool thing is we will be
at the ESPN Zone with kittiesmama and
Evan tubes you guys can meet all of our
family yeah families and just click the
link down in the description and tell us
so you can tell us where it sorry
so click the link down through the
description so you can tell us if your
going to be there
3 5 p.m. on Saturday are you really
saying it all again and the coolest
thing that we will be in the ESPN ESPN
Zone and we will be with kitty mama and
every tune so in case you missed Annie's
first announcement although I really
think the second was hard at anything
done Piper
roni what did you do to my backyard
what are you doing little lady can you
not telling me I already know what
you're doing yeah playing Minecraft oh
don't think you guys can see the screen
out here oh here's the boy to join the
party what's up Downtown Disney at the
Disneyland Resort in California on
Saturday June 28th
no Jack June 28th from 3 to 5 p.m. and
the cool thing is we've really ESP yes
and est en it took her a long time to
remember all those words so this is the
third time she's announced it kiddies
mom in heaven tube and if you just gotta
click the link in the description
I think everybody's got it now dude to
tell us if you're going to be there yes
we got daddy off gymnastics and now
Minot has bring me to baseball because
my dad has new work hours
you just can't bring me to baseball but
hopefully you can pick me up because
it'll be good to kind of get really
close from mom to pick me up you just
got to pick up Annie and then on their
baseball news
it is 97 degrees outside and I'm gonna
be having a two-hour baseball practice
in architecture
I'm gonna be sweating and I guess I'll
see you guys
the motion but we made a pit stop at
Subway still hungry and we're really
early for baseball
so it's peace
pizza and subs
Wow Haley trying a new pizza from Subway
I don't know how I knew it is we just
don't eat it Subway very often let's see
what she thinks I mean we can make even
eating sound awesomely fun no we can't
we failed
well are you giving it two thumbs up or
3 or 4 or 0 which one we're all waiting
nice five thumbs up ladies and gentlemen
five thumbs up
good job subway how you make eating
sound foot she has something on her
thumb but she doesn't care to know Jules
yeah she looks up she looks down one
more looks up again she looks down one
more and she eats a chicken just giggles
and the crowd goes wild a wild crowd the
wild got a nuts with the head nut
sitting right here so we came out here
to catch lightning bugs for a long day
and I see you a hundred you saw 100 yeah
well let's even go catch one yeah I need
a few I was here 100
here's our jar that Piper's trying to
steal you see any
where
here Oh Nene right there it just flew
and I babe first you touch it there
isn't where'd he go Perry is gonna catch
him hey look him what he doesn't want to
be caught it you got to close your hands
around it here hold this and I'll get
him listen oh yeah busy - okay can put
him in Oh lightning bug fail here I got
one right here I was gonna have a
contest to see who could catch the most
but the cameras kind of dark how do I
say aim carefully
okay so we heat up his hot I see him he
cut holes in our jar we just want to see
him light up I know she nicotine
Theriault he's down there I never was
yeah well wouldn't you try to get out if
you were locked in a door there's
another one right there would swish that
one creeped you out so we've only caught
one where did he go you can get in
we Isis awesome he must have gotten out
right in my hole at a moment I kick your
mother moment let's go in the light we
can't play
hi Lucas so the question of the day is
apple juice orange juice now that
happened don't forget to comment down
below cuz we want to know the question
today is this or that orange juice or
apple juice by tomorrow what they're
gonna play minecraft that's boring why
are they gonna die let's go towards the
light and see how high it takes the
break and lose like what no I'm not a
fun game get a bug on you here yeah no
actually it's not
you're the bug out
get out of here got a tick
there's no kit all right your hand baked
potato baby thanks for watching Britt
Ailey
