today I'm booty late we got done with
earth to echo and it was a good movie
yeah gotta stop cuteness time for what
tell me Jamie are enjoying Caleb and
mommy being home we're not get up um we
are going to have family movie night and
we are very very excited that we got
sent a movie that hasn't been even came
out yet it's called earth to echo we got
back from Elliot two o'clock this
morning and then we were unpacking and
then track you down our luggage our bag
and so it was a crazy day crazy night
anyway um so good thing you finally did
get our bags and now we're just excited
to finish our day off with the great
movie and in the middle of it someone
fixed poplar and there are not one
there's two
oh I would blow your mind to right when
you're about to watch a movie it gets a
little wild in here hey we get the
popcorn ready then we all sit down and
watch and then we all tell each other
our favorite parts of the movie why
we're at the mall with everyone except
from mommy and kale because they were
still in California jeroboam young I
said see this earth to echo um think um
dirt in the food court like just some
stuff that movies are coming out on
there and then I saw earth to echo and
I'd say daddy ha ha but instead of
watching million dollar arm we can go
see our stack oh and daddys like we have
our stick oh you didn't know that we do
yeah elegantly excited but you couldn't
see her thicker yet cuz not out yet I
know it's not out until July 2nd anybody
know what this movies about about an
alien down alien hoodie Yeah right we
are everybody got in their popcorn I
think I fixed enough for everybody
they're fighting over the cool container
all right now everybody run and find a
favorite spot okay Piper look like
fighter Aiden where's your favorite spot
Danny's in Aiden favorite spot
alright you ready
we got done with earth to echo and it
was a good movie yeah that was happiness
um well we're gonna put one word and
describe it okay look in the first
probably suspenseful I gotta see um I
think what's the word hey what was your
word great great I like that word word
cuz it like it goes from like a lot of
different moons like one moment you're
scared of a moment you're hath you an
action-packed would that be a good word
actually pack and go with action Ben
yeah and now we are just going to tell
you guys our favorite part OPPD win it
one day find him my favorite part is
when the one of the person people go um
oh um stops any beat one beat for yes
and two beats for now and they keep
asking him questions and then one of
them goes is munch a girl
beep beep oh this thing is broken
everyone knows much as a girl huh look
my favorite part is or the part of I'm
trying like to say it but not give it
away
oh well then you probably shouldn't say
it this part is my yeah we don't want to
give anything away so so I guess we're
just gonna have to go watch the movie
right yeah and you like to marry the
link right here for the description of
the actual trailer and then go wash it
and Phoebus uh and will come out in July
2nd Jill it enjoys yeah so one of the
interesting things about this movie is
that it's a blog spell and that's what
we do for before ever
right now and they did it exactly in the
movie so that was really cool we are
going to do the question today which is
what do you think art deco is going to
be about so don't forget to calm down
below because we want to know the
question of the day is what do you think
earth to echo is going to be about
tomorrow
wah-hey bratayley we hope you enjoy the
film I'm - I'm - I'm Ella and I'm Reese
for all you brought Ailee fans out there
go check us out and earth to echo in
theaters July 2nd see you there amazing
ah ah
baekpa
take baby
thanks for watching
Britt Ailey
let's try around other frostily
yeah alright keep rolling inside brat no
wrong on your brother on TV he gets
brand tuition oh that's
