today on bikini okay that's just weird
what are you lunch time right now and
after we're done we are going to go
outside and do some rainbow loom cuz
yesterday at the ball park one of the
Loom snapped and then it broke and now
she's doing another one but we are going
to finish it today and then I'm going to
walk even after we're done blooming
because my mom's going to a hair
appointment and serenity wants to go
with her and then on are going to be
watching everyone else and then she
needs help with aid and so we're gonna
help her help you okay over there I
didn't have a balloon or falling pipe
around
and she's rolling something what is that
person it's a girl of course okay guys
this is the nanny cam and we're sneaking
up on the grandkids I was sneaking but
I'm doing the nanny cam hey I'm gonna
tell YouTube all your secrets the secret
is what you see is what they really are
they're always like they are on YouTube
what are you doing hey what is this game
called oh yeah the Matt y'all have mad
cow disease
well not a very good show much
very strange gang with his children play
we are in the car drive I'm gonna get my
California haircut day yeah and I'm here
being me on the child with my moomy and
my dad hey guys yep yep yep and then
we're gonna go home
waddle waddle waddle and we are going to
go to Target
it's Hargett I'm gonna take everybody
out
everybody wants gonna target but
everyone to come get their hair covered
party yeah I know I'm like yeah so I
gotta go get my California haircut so I
can look on Nintendo II
okay so this is the actor shot what you
do
hey you true whoa yeah what did she do
okay so your hand put up the water
balloon and I'm just gonna throw Diana
right a little water balloons
Wow look look at that destruction
destruction and then all you see is this
little piece manifest here that that's
about to I have dirty hands over that
but steady man I wipe my hands off was
it dirty hands so that looks in the
camera they're actually not that dirty
to be honest oh that's dirty looks like
it's not though it's not dirty guys
and can you just
okay that's just weird what you and I
like a tattoo artist yeah I made this on
myself with Sharpie mm-hmm and then I
made a skull I'm Caleb and a baseball
and then I made just really pretty
flower for so this thing and then I'm
going to make a baseball on cancer hey
we're making some cartoons yeah or
normal picture yeah no don't rush easy
um I gotta say anime anime cuz I'm
awesome at eight making anime he's
married four legs
that's not just his legs dude oh no you
married tall tell you wish yeah so five
we'll see you tomorrow yeah
based on data baby
thanks for watching
Britt Taylor
