today I'm Batali I'm leaving like in a
couple days and me and my mom are going
to LA whoo California la deuda bow tie
for me it is a beautiful morning and
it's like 10:05 ish in the morning and
we are going to the chiropractor because
my hip flexors bothered me and um I
brought honor and Olaf and I was trying
to get her out but I can't without any
scissors don't you hate how hard they
make it to get into packages so Hayley
again we're back at the house with Nani
serenity Johanna and Aaden and Beau and
Piper daddy's at work Piper you remember
Bo but you don't remember your dog
she's been having her feelings hurt when
I tell her this anyway
I had no make you lose your trade a bike
I don't know what you're gonna say oh
they were at the house and they written
and so they're doing school right now
but just because of this I have to do
school after it now I'm gonna get done
like 1:30 which sounds weird cuz
everyone gets out at like 350 to 333 10
to 30 something like that I'm getting
that 130 yeah she's used to getting down
really or like 11:30 ish maybe even
earlier on some days that I'm really
excited but sometimes and I'm not
excited I'm tired I just go really slow
oh really
you move like a tortoise tortoise are
faster than turtle you're right
I think a tortoise is a turtle
yeah like cuz I heard that they're like
faster than other type of type I may be
tortoise is a type of turtle I don't
know
my knowledge of turtles is very minimal
but like the race against the tortilla
hair minimal like small but the you know
the story about the port is in the hare
the tortoise is the turtle and the hare
is the rabbit
we have the busy dad because mommy is to
edit the video in we're piano then we're
baseball and then of course we have to
play outside squeeze on him we might
adjust quizzes and before baseball or
before piano whew but you've got to do
school my god I'll do it very fast okay
here I'll do it there is a no fall flip
hope what because he falls asleep
because he thinks he's gonna win oh yeah
you talk about the story yeah and then I
mean fall asleep what don't know where
you're going with that I'm done with the
chiropractor and it feels much better
the only thing I'm kind of scared about
the soreness because he was rubbing it
and now I am doing this in school
because I couldn't do it before it and
yeah I gotta finish in a amount of time
so we can get to piano I have a little
guest visitor in my classroom Ursa oh my
god I never even noticed is almost sure
oh my gosh I love your Elma shirt and
he's really loving this party hat it was
he's trying to press button so you're
still recording Annie Annie didn't turn
off the recorder are you gonna make it
hard for Annie to get using done could
you're so darn cute gonna wear the
headphone gonna put them on you know how
to do it yeah you want me to help you
want Annie to help you we need to get
both help each other
but rockin some jams I ain't cheap good
she's like we'll turn it on look at how
you're gonna need to hear the teacher I
did not do loud right now such an odd
space could you learn anything
I haven't even what classes and watching
Bible Bible did you learn about Jesus I
heard a dog squeak taste your toothpaste
yeah it's really good
really yeah got too much why am i
patient are you kidding me
mint chocolate chip oh it smells
delicious smell it come on try some okay
I got it
hmm it tastes like Olive Garden Olive
Garden mints what kind of is that
chocolate oh sorry I just got it on you
Chris
be adventurous cool I have to look into
that
yeah son we're just going with the Wii
controller you know that's how 14 month
old babies do it are you 14 months I
just make that up
did I get it right or just a year in two
months
he sounds bigger than here two months so
it sounds bigger to say a year into
month nothing would do morning ah sweet
picture
oh he's not interested taking pictures
all right come on show them the ropes
tow it do it to me yeah yeah good throw
ready go get it let him go hurry before
Haley gets it I'll roll it to him
let Aiden go get it he does not
understand your games just put it down
Aiden show me the ball come here oh you
go Moe's gonna get you
yeah we just found something really
special while we were looking for armor
the call honeysuckles and I discovered a
turtle and we're going to try to be very
quiet so it will come out of it's shell
I think it's fired for hanging what put
them over here
let's see if we can get them out which
one's the head which was it fail
I wonder to sleep
we were just going to walk away you can
come back and attack in a little and
when you want to see a fake cause you
saw some frogs what happens when I don't
thanks for saving me buddy I took off my
shirt soon he's not looking at today to
save Moo hey damn agent thanks for
saving me my buddy yep hold on to me
a nigga who you're giving my leg a hug
hold up you gotta hook pull it up
wipe out hey hey okay you prom dress
hard to put on ready ready oh you're the
biggest smile movie now
you did it you did it you did he does
yet
what do we get it
what do did ready yeah yeah yeah I like
a doggy
hey hey what's that can we go in there
yeah oh let's go in here it's like a
giant wrestling cage or something
actually it's a batting cage same thing
we're in a cage I could climb up it's
like a baby play pin some life hey looks
like chalk we are done with baseball and
we had a lot of fun because we like
played with the sling thing from for the
chair get close a did it and we found a
turtle and johannah's never eaten strip
away Michael I say I don't live a lot
around it and so we baggage you pull a
hello and tail about this today's this
or that question dead
it is Wendy's or McDonald's I what donal
with this I would like Wendy's maybe
Mickey D's yo there's only one vote for
Mickey D's frosting I could live off
Mickey D's Earl I'm so fat like frost
these are fries guy I do like the fries
there blood on a whore we do ba I just
love the chicken nuggets at Wendy's
Caleb's in daddy's car and he wanted to
do too so he will do it when we get home
maybe he will say McDonald's maybe
people so I guess don't forget to calm
down look so we're another question
today this is that Wendy's McDonald's
but I see tomorrow
hey guys have an exciting newly
announced remember I told you every day
the other day that I was going somewhere
really special well I'm gonna tell you
pretty much all the details so Mario and
all his friends and Nintendo invited me
to this thing called III for those that
don't know what III is it's like in
Electronic Entertainment Expo so it's
really cool so I'll be hanging out at
the kid's corner where no kid has gone
before
so pretty much I'm gonna be playing all
bunch of the kids game is gonna be so
much fun
I'm we're leaving like in a couple days
when me and my mom are going to LA whoo
California la don't do it abou that dad
tell us how you really feel Caleb what
is it little excited yeah I've never
been to LA my mom's ever been LA so it's
gonna be so awesome and another exciting
news I get to hang out with with the guy
who created Mario and dunk Abu and now
let's move on to question today which is
McDonald's or Wendy's and I definitely
say when he's so remember to cover down
below because we don't know the customer
today is this is at Wendy's in
McDonald's right see you tomorrow ah
baked potato baked potato baby thanks
for watching
Britt Ailey
