today I'm bouquet we go in your room and
take a nap or you come and clean which
every time she would go in a room and
play hey now don't talk to me about my
poor parenting skills
just think it keep it in the camera the
whole time I better lay them in act the
storm at all gonna watch it watch it
right here and return
okay
did you bring the camera hold on that
was a crazy start this is what we look
like okay we're gonna do that so the
little man does give us do one more I'm
gonna see a close-up crazy landing
close-up
it's awesome it's called the Hercules
hey guys so I am in my room and I have a
very special shout out and I'm also
gonna thank that myself thank you one on
one
dark monkey for submitting a Monday
video thank you just thank you so much
shut up shut out shout out yeah shout it
out anyways
also stay tuned because I'm going
somewhere very special but I'm not gonna
tell you where I become I just got done
with gymnastics and I was starving and
so I asked my mom if we could go to
Mindy thing she said yes good mommy oh I
try we have to go to the store to get
some food for our special surprise guest
that is coming tomorrow and I kind of
wanted to feed them cuz we are not
completely out of food at the house and
I will I am about to say bye because
they are about to come in and because
it's our food they don't want Wendy's to
see you filming on YouTube right in the
camera she looked way to go and I'm
really excited and I'd like one of the
best prices of motherhood so fantastic
you all loved it war--but best-practice
loved it yeah I'm so happy
in my arms getting tired and all I need
to say is I'm really excited for a
surprise guest and I can't believe he's
not even get you guys a food yeah but I
was getting really tired and guess we'll
see you later bye
it's cracking me up in here she just
like busted her knees on this and when
she's complaining about how cold it is
in the cold section go go go
you doing why are you walking like that
okay TMI TMI what else we need for our
special guest what else what else
Pizza I know
follow me never mind I think they're
kind of fresh outta lasagna Wow
you like lasagna there's brownies built
in chocolate cookie and there's Oreo the
white stuff inside brains inside
chocolate chip okay well you know what I
think it's funny it's we came here to
get it like some healthy snacks for like
before and after gymnastics we got a few
things but a few healthy thing yeah we
got a few healthy choices but we also
splurged on get some ice cream I just
get everything so we got our live food
so I guess can even got so this is the
part
like Milky Way mommy's just gonna flip
out mommy ran over my foot so I did I
never see we just got done learning all
this stuff and we realized that we had a
full trunk with Facebook stuff and all
that so we put it right there and some
in the back you probably can't see that
because the light is anyway um I was
wondering why my mom wouldn't let me eat
this tonight and then I was looking at
the back and then I realized why she
didn't want me to eat it tonight
there's like this many stickers in it
this is why she wouldn't let me have it
tonight look how many sugars Beth's
mommy yeah a lot is why I didn't let you
have it I don't know forty a little s
thirty alunite thirty-six yes thirty-six
gigs gigs really computers I knew where
you were adorable I love it 36 gigs of
sugar y'all y'all my Texas accents
coming back to yo damn say that why
didn't know no we're not Texas crack me
up tonight I think they know we're not
in Texas like that why can't we be index
we're not in Texas and now you know what
you just cause here everybody to ask us
where we live we live in Texas
what is it Alabama wars Alaska yeah we
live in Alaska or Arizona Arkansas
California Colorado now think we live in
Germany Germany now everybody's gonna be
like I'm Californa yeah yeah cuz that's
how people talk or they would say I saw
them in a little wee yeah yeah
alright so here we go remember I just
also we can't unload the grocery it is
really late because we had to make this
special trip to the grocery store so get
out of the car you're not eating that
three musketeers tonight and if you did
he that I would hope you would take it
out of the package okay kakie no not
tonight
gotta get all this out but I'm too tight
like okay Haley Haley's always like I'm
tired when she hears it's time to clean
I don't think she's done that in a while
but you remember what you do that she's
always had you always wanted a pig in
there yeah
yeah and you got it you either go in
your room and take a nap or you come and
clean which every time she would go in a
room and play hey now don't talk to me
about my poor parenting skills okay
watch these bad parenting skills he's
not ever gonna really Fergie I would
never
what do you want for you going to wrap
the video up there was a questions a is
he's knocking me mocking me so the
person is who do you think a special
death are yo lien you can have our
there's more than one what you're really
bad at that of course we did and so
that's why I guess
hey Haley to sleep so that's why she's
not wrapping it up that's today so I
guess don't we get to go image on looks
we wouldn't know the question today is
okay don't play baby
who do you think our special guests are
wait go back
I wanted to see that comment to go yeah
it's a pretty pretty pretty pretty
pretty pretty pretty pretty pretty
pretty pretty pretty pretty pretty
your pants turning hot no filming screen
stop let me get kicked off youtube my
name is Bob I i say anyways too much it
anyways
thanks for watching
Britt Haley
