at Bass button today it is very hot but
it is very beautiful and I remain here
just laying up here and Calif has two
games wait two games and I wanted to
show you the beautiful flowers now you
will see me run down the hill and these
new glasses and I'm sticking with these
but those are poisonous I think no
berries I'm going to run down the hill
what are you doing half in and half out
of the shade got a little tint set up
out here at baseball
Haley's getting set up that keeps moving
it I don't think she knows what she
wants
are you doing are you getting it under
it yeah I take a little nap
this is how we do with it baseball isn't
it right we bring a little pin out here
and he sits in the shade Haley sets up
under and I sit half in and half out of
the braid looks pretty I don't know how
it's gonna end up we started from the
side of her head we're just like
experimenting with different rates we're
gonna see what it comes up with usually
do straight braid braid pigtails Annie
took a picture Circus is seeing her
hairdo by taking pictures that's our new
mirror over yeah
French braid of regular here and then
fishtail the end of it looks like much
of a fishtail but bigger picture
Oh
the bathrooms of baseball were lost so
we are on a hunt for some bathrooms and
I'm worried oh we have to go there's
very muddy answers it was raining and
all that jazz
and the first game the score is like I
don't really know but the other team is
winning but next game we are going to
come back and win hopefully so found
McDonald's and by the way out we also
found some ice cream just found an ice
cream laying around it is our lucky day
all right I will beat each one of you 50
times if you get the ice cream on my car
we got it starting with this little one
first we just got back to baseball I
realized that caleb is pitching and this
is a problem because because he gets me
I'm more nervous than him yeah cheer Mon
pretender not nervous that's my
suggestion and no there's a lot of ice
cream this is all I've eaten in like a
5-minute drive
what are you gonna do about Roswell I am
okay so I'm here alone doing the wash
from the day an answer and I have the
weight I'm not alone never mind okay
Annie
take it away okay nice okay so ready it
is PC or met Haley would you like to
explain what a pc okay explain whoa
and Annie explain PC is a Windows or Mac
Batman no sense
women want the PC a BC is a window
windows computer I have no idea it's
just like my dad's computer okay
anything like flip into an iPad that's
just the kind of computer he has a PC is
not a Mac PC hey what do you have to say
a window you don't love the options
yeah a window is not a typing devices no
window so she picks oh okay another baby
said that PC or not
thanks for watching
Britt Haley
