so we are getting ready to go to the
mall and we are waiting on Caleb to get
a shoes on one reason why we're going to
the mall is because Mario Kart 8 just
came out today which won't be today when
this is posted but right now it's today
that makes sense right uh-huh
I got complete sir okay good good good
good anyways so um it's my favorite it's
me and my mom's favorite game and of
course is my mom's favorite game because
she doesn't play any other games like
the other games she have a place which
I'm like I'm kind of scared because I
don't think Mario cronic can top this
stuff that's it
Mario Kart Wii
because they had some pretty good stuff
I mean maybe graphics and new courses
better courses and don't you hear that
you you're allowed to fly and what yeah
there's haven't heard anything I think
goes down too
yeah oh my gosh I don't have my pilot's
license yet though and oh and I'm pretty
sure they're they're gonna they're gonna
be a lot more vehicles but going out a
lot more just like I want there are
different vehicles right we probably
shouldn't be ordered idea and you can
rag on water cost okay I can see that
you can already do that remember yeah
okay okay
big waterfall well now I'm a little
nervous I don't like relearn a game I
wonder if it'll be similar
okay I really like Mario Kart and we can
still play more you bet I mean now I
don't have all my stuff's and the other
money completely how big your mommy I
played live it your hair is exciting
this time you thought you played Monica
it was just a wee control that was not
Oh burn
oh and who do you guys have with you
Daniel Daniel Daniel my yo-yo no hardest
and you really cuz we had this
conversation the other day she's really
naming her doll Daniel you guys do know
Daniels our boy am i right Daniel and
Danielle and they're both girls and
they're strapped in safely say I have
their seatbelt and I'm losing it
guys I'm pretty sure Danielle is a girl
named Daniel is avoided
Haley please correct me if I'm wrong I'm
sorry but if I'm saying if you want to
be okay one of the girls that there's
name is Daniel but I'm really sorry so
yeah I don't want to think anybody but
I'm pretty I'm pretty sure yeah I'm
pretty sure yeah
how is not a boy named really playing no
more speak when you sing it sound like
I'm complaining oh I've said it probably
three times though okay you could name
your baby whatever you want a neighbor
who's just um Davey your little girl
yeah don't bring her into public places
anyways we stopped at Gamestop we were
able to get Mario Kart 8 so I think I'm
organizing Caleb and now we're sunglass
shopping I got a band apparently fourth
of July shopping do you like these
another one on my favorite is a 10 lakh
you like that wait all of them have
though those are similar to the first
pair you tried on aren't they give me
the second pair no those have sparkles
and those have like well I think you
think these I think they're all too big
but maybe that's the style now are these
for I like the visa that those are mine
I don't know sir
well my boss is a commute I don't know
if Maleficent wears sunglasses we saying
it right
mostly sunny and mellow fossils it smell
of Assam and all of a sudden I look is
backwards what her hat was backwards
that's not what I was trying to say it's
not going to go on jackpot we found a
nice eyes sunglasses they'd probably fit
Hayley - these are cute the ones you had
on were cute blue look at these are
those the same ones that's gonna be
funny if I picked out the same ones that
means I really like different color I
think I have it again what are you
trying to do listen slow descent
backwards yes oh yes
what did they say something or not if it
says cool the fun of you mean hey no hey
y'all
Caleb it's only they had it had that in
not those colors yo yo lo make it he
says that all the time but I don't think
it gets the meaning ever cuz he says it
for like hello how you doing and watch
like if I tell at night he'll go Yolo
adorable um well I don't really think I
want food on a necklace so I would vote
for neither Allen a hamburger necklace
oh yeah I get better cute really cute
slippers
I need them swirl hmm I touch and I got
sniffing so bad
might need you use that need word very
loosely so we're like just playing
around and players just like trying on
some crazy hats here with hat is a way
more crazy than I am look at it
- not wearing out
so it's daddy and aimless because the
energy wanted to go home and play Mario
Kart
we're going see Maleficent but we are a
little early these so we're going to
church
you're totally go buy a bunch of Legos
to fit to get care of jelly
so make our own lego movie we got it
we got oh my gosh I'm so excited oh what
do we do right what do we do Oh online
two players online one player
multiplayer single bite what's Mario
Kart TV oh you gotta put batteries in
yeah that's right before we got the new
mario karta before we get to the online
multiplayer I did the display ad is a
few to get the used to it yes I'm all
for it do we know what any of this means
yes we do of the Grand Prix
you don't remember oh my goodness it's
so different do I get a few guys whoa
even character sauce hmm note they don't
have them what
there's my funky Kong they did not take
funky Kong out did they are you sure but
maybe we can unlock Kim no I don't see
any unlock thing you don't know all
right who are you gonna be yes
that's not funky Kong don't keep on this
oh I thought you said funky Kong who do
I go to be it gets to press it sit and
oh I think I'm gonna be my way Daisy or
my IP is usually a Daisy
Melyssa Monday
remember usually you things this is what
you get the paper to want to put your
foot well we can pick the wheels just
get the beginning so Mike look get out
of that ah so this is what the new mario
kart looks like and it's pretty cool
there's one that you can put a rich girl
like that like it goes up so it's really
cool so I'm here the use of them to the
old Mario Kart what it brings in is one
it brings in um it brings up tracks
going up upside down but Jenny
most of you probably know games too
Mario Kart Wiis probably like Mario Kart
7 it won't be as they're pretty sure I
was in Mario Kart and I'll be going to
finish it before like five minutes that
was like really
it's like that kind of stick which
you're like you but there's like five Oh
whatever I gotta join look at me even
Haley's play Mario Kart 8 please for
real we really gave her control she's
really playing it those make me go
faster if you push the down button you
gotta do it while you're looking not
that button that's the power button this
button yeah there you go
I'm pass it again you got two more and
one more time whoa
look you're catching up with somebody go
Haley
oh you got some more of those press the
down button it'll speed you up good job
I think this is how we're gonna spend
our Friday night so I just got home and
from a wonderful day we had I we me and
daddy went to a movie I got this giant
lollipop that mommy said we couldn't eat
this late at night but we went to the
movies me and daddy just by ourselves
and Caleb and Haley get to play Mario
Kart 8 which was really fun I play that
man I just said that and we had a what
is it called private and I got to do it
with one of the coaches eyes and um one
of my favorite coaches like say fave
fave fave so yeah and now we're going to
do the question today cuz it's really
late anyways what so the question of the
day is this is that fast food or sit
down I did not a big fan at rest
restaurants that you have to go in
oh my guy would like fast food here we
go we do
mm probably faster okay copier anyway so
I guess we will see you tomorrow don't
forget to calm down look so we want to
know the question today is this or that
um drive-through or sitting at
restaurant but I see tomorrow
I'm about to brush my teeth so the girl
just wrapped up the question of the day
and now it's my turn and they said it
was sit-down restaurant or fast food and
then I gotta go for restaurant two
reasons one I'm lazy to fast food after
a while can get really gross so yeah
what it got really really uh I don't
speak brush your teeth use this - got it
you just water pick clean out between
his braces
he has to use that spray z√©'s mouth
right Freddy head I will spray him okay
ugh not on spraying scary you need to
put water in it guys you some Roy
exciting news so we had a brilliant idea
um we had some cartoons of us made and
we decided to put them on lunchboxes and
backpacks so what's the dealio here is
we're going to have a link like right
here so just click on that or you can go
and the description you just click on
that
we'll bring you to this website then we
need you guys to pre-order these lunch
boxes and backpacks because if you we
don't get enough on pre-orders then we
won't be able to make backpacks and
lunch boxes so remember go to the side
so we can make them and for next year
you might have a pretty great big
Battaglia's backpacker lunch bot that
made so much Simpson you know and here
guys check out our new cartoon images
they're here
sure so fast y'all
ah Beibei bye thanks for watching
bratayley
