okay that's and that's good Tierney I
haven't seen you I'm sorry we need to
make a pit stop it's okay
hi Tierney you want to come on our road
trip with us hey hey give me air help
I love buggy how are you guys we're so
good I'm so glad to see you yeah we're
good it's been like months we got out of
bed early just to see company I was like
there's no way we did we miss you so
much hi I said you might have some extra
friends today and she's like alright
again we are going as I think I said
this last night not today yet we're
going to scope out the venue for the
bratayley meet at the Gaylord in do you
see this hold out we're hearing this and
you're a gymnast you can still you guys
it's gonna be fun I tried to enter for
my um flow routine you will try to enter
your fluoridated they said Matt Bomer
there it is a part of it
do you come to the bratayley meet you
can hang out over there it might be a
little cold but just bring a jacket
we're gonna see you guys soon oh great
speaking of which buckle up because
that's what I would tell you if you were
on the ferris wheel and you're in a car
and here there is now use it Annie
use your seatbelt sir yes sir well yes
sir
okay so we're like candy peeps this door
no way yeah we're gonna find that okay
guys this hotel is absolutely gorgeous
like this little lamb running in like I
should be wearing yeah you probably
shouldn't have brought your holy gym
holy jeans I said gym that's good
walking it what room is this what would
this be for Oh a surprise surprise
there's a dance competition if you want
to be in the dance competition I'm sure
they'll be linked somewhere so there
would be a state what are you doing good
good and blue it's not your safe okay
yeah I mean we're scoping out to see if
it's big enough for a dance competition
because this is one of the rooms we have
so we're trying to make this meet like
more than a gymnastics meet it's like an
experience there gonna be a dance cut
like a real legit hope for a dance
competition that Miss Carrie is gonna be
helping us with and meet up and just the
NASA competition there's all kinds of
things going on so February is gonna be
here before we know it so we're trying
to get some stuff done right what have
you helped with nothing but what are you
going to help with I thought you wanted
to do
for guest judge like we're thinking
about doing like a dance competition
a real real legit dance competition but
then also for the gymnast who aren't
like you guys are dancers because you
got a floor routine but who aren't like
competitive dancers having the gymnasts
do a dance competition and we're gonna
have haley and annie and maybe shawn
johnson be the guest judges is that
something that you should be standing on
not standing what is our chair I hope
the stage is bigger than this just
kidding
oh it will be they're seeing if this
room's big enough this isn't going to be
because most dance competition turned
like this big ol room so that's why we
needed to bring miss Cary and decide if
this can be oh you are standing on it
you said you were on a chair hit town
what if a worker came in or what if you
fell a couple reasons not to do it
mainly cuz it's not the right thing to
do what are you doing she's wearing
pants that are five sizes too big for
her guilty I object
all right I'm gonna go actually be part
of the grown-up conversation and figure
out how this works I know look how
amazing this is
you think that we are outside an Syria
thank you for composing in a subtle you
guys composing and containing look at
that you just feel like you're outside
Christmas decorations check who is that
look beautiful
I'm sure the Christmas decorations will
be down by February when this meat is oh
but this this hotel is still gorgeous I
think we're gonna do a meet-up so
there'll be more I think this one has a
meet-up
I know our Anaheim one had a meet-up
last year so even if you don't aren't
like a huge fan of gymnastics there
might be an opportunity to come hang out
with us still figuring out all the
details well it's so look like you're
outside we're in
here's another room judges room oh yeah
I remember this so your judgment no the
real judge is me and pollen Billy
already came and scope this out
so I remember this room it does smell
like food in here I'll show her the
mirror you ready for that haircut a trim
getting a trim later okay
they're setting up so we're not allowed
in right now okay but this is where the
magic is gonna happen these gymnasts are
gonna flip and twist and glide and swing
two gyms you guys we grew well we never
had a meet here but the Anaheim meet
quadrupled this is our first time on the
East Coast and it's bigger than the
Anaheim eat already there's like eight
nine hundred gymnasts signed up that's
why we got to do two gyms it's way
bigger than our first year like amazing
we only had we had a little right around
250 gymnast and now we have over 800 at
the Anaheim one and night 900 like it
this meets almost sold out
the Anaheim meat is sold out I don't
think we can get any more in this one's
almost sold out this one's got more
people in it but the venue's bigger so
that's really exciting guys we cannot
wait
cannot wait this is whatever is being
set up today like it's so funny a couple
months from now it's gonna be a
gymnastic there's gonna be floors and
vaults and bars and beams and Annie
doesn't have the stress of competing
this year thank what Atlanta thankful
anta do you guys mean I'm just like that
miss Kari has to leave us gotta go
teach these girls some dance miss
Tierney it was fun maybe a few words so
if you worry now have a wonderful rest
of your day you guys too you rock your
hairs coming up yeah we'll see you
before that or need some work we got
rehearsal
bye sweetie I'll thank you very much I
have a bill me in my mouth
so and put the gummy my cheek so if I so
if it sounds like I've got like a list
for something that's why littering
anyways so we are going to get my hair
trimmed because it does really neat then
I guess I don't want you to look at it
so that's what we're doing getting it
trimmed and I feel like I've only got my
hair turned by page recently yeah it's
been so long I mean I've gone a trip by
other people to like pages like so I'm
kind of like nervous it needs it though
these are my bangs I'm hoping that I'll
make it look healthier like thicker and
you know maybe tone it a little maybe
tone it
but like I feel like the total makes it
darker now just figure it out well this
is hell of does whatever they want to do
except the link look at her face
because I'm gonna come out with purple
and pink hair she would be bad you know
last time I just start counting flames
again
one feels healthier hopefully it looked
healthier well trim always good um now
we're going cuz you got school to do we
gotta run home and you get to spend the
rest of the day doing school today huh
you can do school and then you have you
can do whatever
hopefully Haley's in school but let's
let's make a bet
Haley has dumb school do you think she's
in school because I only told her once
normally I'm Michael holder once like
you got a do school while we're gone
okay well why because she hasn't
I bet that she has so here's the funny
thing we got home and Haley enough I
mean any of my bet were the same oh yeah
we won the bet we both were right
Haley has not done school yet today no I
said she did oh I thought you agreed
with me at the end okay so while we were
gone daddy did something funny all right
you saw you wanted something and Ron
you've never done that really this is my
math no calculator wait you made this
for me loose your questions are my math
this is a test because Annie wanted to
fill out a scan drop equation is true
why would you want to do that she made a
comment about wanting them to fill in a
bubble test so daddy made her one
heymy good if it's not gonna go give me
further in school not gonna
so we are going to the mall because
mommy and well this is like a daddy and
daughter kind of thing and mommy mommy
and Annie are like being born and they
need probably either like justice or
like not right now but I could because I
just need um string cheese
yeah he at the mall he made it to the
mall
yeah look it's all new in here
man I gotta use my own legs like a
sucker
is it just me Haley but when I look down
at escalator stairs when I'm walking
they kind of make me a little dizzy
because it aligns them
the tiny little bit you like this store
found some payouts cat let me see the
pants you had some gray pants it's just
a little weird
okay that's it that's good
all right so she got some she got some
justice jeans
to where Zarah we shop there find
anything good
I hid yourself
she's excited about all the Christmas
stuff
yeah you want something from there so
successful malt ro got some clues
now I want to get some food
because Haley won't stop bothering me
about going to get food she's like so so
hungry
all right so we got a decided to stop
and get a bite to eat
Haley got panini I got sushi and I ate
it all Haley wants to know how spicy my
fat was sabe is so she's gonna try
a little tiny bit on the end no just my
mouth so we open your mouth
I mean it would be fine without you want
to eat all thing no don't you want it
so hailey was super healthy she went for
a panini and a stroke use two hands
goofy there you go look how that works
that's why you got that other hand over
there
take the bacon off and either
so she got a turkey bacon avocado panini
pod Nene and
my strawberry but not enough smoothie do
you know what we're gonna do tonight
when we get home and by me you and Annie
we're gonna put the beef jerky in the
dehydrator or I should say the beef in
the dehydrator it's not beef jerky yeah
the
that's pretty jerky
BRR
do you want to do anything else tonight
and hurt yourself so no nothing else
just be boring be super boring
you're driving home okay that way when
you take your driver's test later in
life you can say I've been driving since
I was nine
why deny you agree
I mean look I came in the mail okay you
guys we were completely out of shampoo
and conditioner rock your hair stalked
us at the apartment in LA but I'm like a
Nicole I don't have any shampoo and
conditioner so they sent us pretty much
a lifetime supply of rock your hair
because you're rocking your hair because
it's my fave this actually is the first
thing I pulled out this is my second
favorite I haven't
besides the leave-in conditioner cuz I
what you say yeah oh yeah
is there a needle in here okay yeah and
each of the top three that's not a need
oh I'm sure there's a knee gel in here
but I was we got home we got home and
I'm looking in the cabinet so they're
like I don't have any shampoo and
conditioner so Nicole knows how much I
love and she sent me these too I say me
because it's probably addressed to me
but that won't fit me but anyway I think
we're good on I think we're good now
yeah we got a few of those oh one for
each bathroom three of them so you can
have one I can have one it this is my
third oh geez you're gonna make me
choose okay and Eve gels my favorite
it's really not because I don't use gel
that often but if I was doing your hair
everyday or your hair for gym every day
it would by far be my favorite leave-in
conditioners my favorite for you this is
probably my favorite for me for me
Piper it's the dry oil mist at the door
opener outside okay anyways you guys I
got you shop till you drop without me oh
it was appropriate what size I said
eight slimming jeans yeah you change all
the cool stickers alright so my question
today is Haley's doing this is what kind
of dresser are you are you preppy are
you casual are you dressy and dressy and
fashion jeans and a sweatshirt or you
know you're in your sweatpants
sweatpants and a t-shirt or jeans and a
sweatshirt and Haley likes to like
excess funds and just hidden you haven't
done a messy but in a while I'm calling
you on it yes I just did one today
actually well if it wasn't on the vlog
it didn't happen okay so the messy bun
was for two seconds so it didn't happen
the messy buns was for two seconds but
it didn't happen because it didn't film
it that was cute I like it do you like
it you like it this one it was in
Hayden's um box it's yours and mr. Jimmy
sent it to us I didn't think it was a
sprite when you're in yours Oh guys when
the in ears get here there's a whole
story about that so stay tuned we didn't
think we're ever gonna get them they're
probably now gonna make it but when we
get them in our hand will tell you the
whole story but this is for her in years
that she's it was in Hayden's box Haley
it's so cute so
time for them to get ready for bed
comment down below what kind of dresser
you think you are we aren't thinking of
all the descriptions I'm thinking preppy
casual sporty name something maybe I'm
forgetting oh yeah but what do you think
describes you your everyday look so
we'll see you guys tomorrow um there
could be something going on tomorrow but
maybe I don't want to tell you what is
it
but maybe it's nothing maybe we're just
doing nothing or maybe we're doing
something crazy amazing I guess you're
gonna have to watch tomorrow and you're
not finding out either Annie you you
won't know if there's absolutely nothing
going on or if I have something secretly
planned because I'm not telling you
you're gonna have to wait till tomorrow
to okay okay
God bye guys see ya remember to
celebrate life
thanks for watching
Britt Haley
