all right David school and when having a
balloon release for him having a balloon
release for him and to honor him so it's
gonna really
I have to say when I first brought up
the idea of this to my mom I thought you
know we'll probably only have 50 or so
people showed up this is amazing we
really were not expecting this kind of
turnout but we are so happy to see every
all right Mary Kay has written something
that she'd like to say go ahead there
again
you
Oh
you
Oh
I love so first I'm going to show you
the flowers that we had at David's
funeral and because he loves Superman so
much this way like we just had the idea
hey maybe we should get my flowers
so like this is our whole David area we
have his urn and then pictures up in and
then a poem right there all function
Evan and wires that mean Danielle wrote
to David and this is just some stuff
that he had that was his singlet
headgear in his football jersey you know
that shirt in the back was that his this
school it was a choir cube and my
Katie were talking about Superman folder
they called him soupy because that's a
David always :
and this used to be Kalos but David
always played with it Caleb never wanted
to give it to David because he would
like no it's mine I want it he can't
have it so finally one day Katie just
said go ahead and just have a key open
up play slip so from that on this was
David's favorite toy and his cape wasn't
usually like this it was much longer but
do you didn't like it so he had armed
grandma cut it and sew it but then he
saw he didn't like how it was so skinny
so he made her every one so it and sew
it back so and then his wrist broke off
so she taking tell ya this is Superman
soupy okay so we just got back from the
balloon release and it was really fun I
got to say speech about David and it was
really scary but you know it was good
there were about 300 people that went
and we honestly thought that only 50
people would be there but some people
came and that was amazing
my sister Danielle counted us down three
two one and then
and my mom was really scared that they
were using the power line but they never
did and it was really pretty to see the
balloons in the air just so and my
teachers game and David's teachers game
so it really means a lot and we had a
picture David on a table and then we had
soupy there
oh not soupy but that big keeps to
community there that David had I don't
know how tolerance better me up out
there and then there were like a
buttload of cookies on another table so
I like that but yeah it was really fun
and a lot of David's friends came and a
lot of mine and Danielle's from skiing
links so it was just amazing to see how
many people care
you
you
you
yes
here's the lion
you
