time for my hey what's up so it's
Memorial Day and it's pretty hot out to
me some use videos in hat and we're
going to play well catch and then she
has this bouncy ball because they
usually do underhand overhand bounce hop
flies and backboard pop up and grab o's
and got yeah and so we I have my fourth
of July shirt on with the some and I
have an orange shirt yeah um some jean
shorts jean shorts with a flag on it and
I'm just using my flip 4th of July stuff
over Marge she's doing this B she thinks
you're a cat stop chasing these oh don't
flick B's it me close that door for the
B doesn't get in got a trap Piper I'm
sure a woman oh with a tongue OH
Piper's fighting to be dog versus B Oh
Piper oh you're gross
let's go did it
Danny it's in here Oh Piper daddy thinks
up summer I don't think it damages well
it probably was flapping its little
wings in her mouth how would you like it
a little fall everybody you girls doing
we're going to go
should've done it with water balloons I
don't have any water balloons
daddy go get some water balloons are you
gonna pour water on yourself now watch
when she's a specialist oh my gosh I'm
like what should I feel excessively
short one time Nick man said Corky women
Cheers
- Mallard Suns going behind a cloud well
thanks mr. Stein where it goes straight
on oh cool how they get on the side to
see that and Luke and Caleb just got
here and he won his championship game
yeah and Caleb stole a trophy but we
won't go into that nice how's your arms
did sit in a few days away from seven
week right of not being able to put you
at ease
oh you're already at seven weeks because
she hurt her arm and hasn't been able to
do full practices alright show it to me
that from the side so hurt your head
here it does tell me okay
she hasn't been able to do back
handsprings for seven weeks
and a bounder it's not hurting it all
just sore that's good news so my John
volleyball thank you Paul neither have
our dad you're playing over the fence
net worth it
so we share with viola is Caleb family
again Duke's family friend
Luke's family's gonna win hey livin
Annie's family Sydney just said your
family's going down what do you have to
say about that okay get the ball to save
your lie I'm going down to the pound
hear that Luke your that's to you buddy
who is gonna smoosh your face we just
beat looks 10 and my ball and now we're
moving on to kickball so now we're gonna
beat them there Syd's on sec first
Luke's on second what's the score
Syd what Syd team what four three us no
outs runners on first and second miss
Paul is up
Caleb's Manning the swings we would have
had love you audience em daddy knew how
to catch the ball
Oh secret
- hey
how can you watch our yeah alright
cheerleader Haley
nectar
ah no pressure then your hand doesn't
shake no pressure look we got four
target anyone you want
I would aim at the coke again though
that's the bear cuz it's shooting a
little high and you basically do it
while we pump it that's the hello Olli
pop it up there
dude everyone like three and a half
right you're gonna make this is going to
shoot this try to shoot this cocaine two
minutes I love me before never right and
you put it you put it underneath like
that's the stick of the lollipop and you
want to shoot the head of the lollipop
soon I'm saying any wet pull down to the
polar bear on the coat can mm-hmm is the
bull relocated on the coke yeah squeeze
the trigger
all right this is shoot back at you yeah
shoots back no no there's no recoil have
you ever done this shoot it and put it
down I'm shooting a gun this is scared
ho ho Oh see that bar right there you
want to put that bar on one of those
things on this tense
beginner's luck maybe what now no that
was dead-on lollipop when we'll watch it
bro we don't gotta reload all right mr.
Annie what you're eating cookies
lollipop it's all good no that means it
means aim that gun to the wood here put
this stuff it's the stick of the
lollipop on that target
we do anything us
no sales are way the girls are winning I
didn't know what the competition but why
are you gonna go get your coat kid
do you want it go cat help okay that's
how you're gonna shoot please anything
cuz you just do you know how to pull the
trigger okay you put your finger and
pull under that now pull it toward you
you know how just like the nerf gun
Haley she's gonna pull why did you
didn't want to miss you can't hit a
target unless you try you'll never hit a
target if you don't try and that's what
you wanted to do you didn't want to do
it cuz you were afraid to miss okay to
miss Haley I've missed twice yeah
battery's almost dead Luke pressures on
dude
the batteries died come on roll while we
pop the can he works under pressure he
just needed that pressure Hey so Center
up video and we had a great weekend and
a great morale day and I decided to come
in and do something so this is what I
have so far nothing like Kippur pretty
good legs pretty good so the wish of the
day is this with that and this this
earth hat is pancakes and waffles and I
definitely have to say wall waffles
because I love office and you guys all
know that so anyways it's gonna roll to
Annie or Haley don't know what he's
doing it see I said so
and today's Christian bag this is that
pancakes and waffles Caleb are said that
the newest mine would probably be keep
pancakes I'm not a big fan of waffles
and yeah so not much to say but I had a
great day with Syd
and we played some stuff I shot um I can
from a far distance yay
and guess
bye we'll see tomorrow don't forget to
comment down below because we want to
know question of the day is this or that
pancakes or waffles bye see you tomorrow
roll the clip Haley hey guys so we just
got I don't know and the question of the
day is this or that um and this looks
like a carrot right yeah I gotta get em
today
don'tdon't don't or more order in and
this this or that is um pancakes or
waffles probably waffles so I see
tomorrow
baked potato baked potato babe okay
thanks for watching
Britt Ailey
