today I'm Bailey look it's it's been
hollowed out are you crazy
tie for McCain good morning everyone
today we are going to Caleb's baseball
game but is an early one we woke up
earlier than on a school oh but the good
news is we stopped to do cold we stopped
to get don't see we got chocolate
chocolate chocolate chocolate sprinkle
sprinkle this is how Haley does it at
baseball she finds some shade and some
dirt and she sits here and this is why
she's so dirty
see that's why cuz she bathes in did you
like the dirt sometimes you're like a
girly girl and other times you're like a
little tomboy and there's nothing wrong
with that I'm just saying wow you're a
mess and twink so you gotta watch out
just just have nice Berta boy got'em
Caleb's catcher and he just threw down
the guy who was deal still it and me and
Haley just found some sticks and they
just turned out a line to be a go
Hailee's to the a gun
are you treated to a gun it kind of look
like a cane well it would although
sometimes our kids oh but they double as
weapons
oho you're a Grimm as I like your
disguise you like walk around like a
little little grandma that what it is
there it is oh yeah a cane and a gun and
all in one right like a triple threat
your handy dandy swords now a pen yeah
here's a secret the X is all around
there we need to get through now we need
to get through the fourth
and then we need to get through the maze
and then right outside the knees physics
okay okay yeah sorry Caleb just threw
down a second again good looks like I'm
still a yeah now what why why are we
erasing it
yeah we are using our imaginations today
out here at baseball
what why hey our big stuff so like
someone hit the big fairy chimneys found
them we went up the mountains into the
forest and figured out the names all
here at baseball impress them I like the
imaginations going on hide them in your
straw mat go away come on oh hello we're
glad to see you said so Caleb's game oh
yeah
I was digging digging them is so we just
want Caleb's game and now we're at
Luke's game and then after if stead
wants to come over she will if not and
all right now she will come over later
yeah yeah I mean we went to the
concession stand and God yesterday is
like Fall Apart brillar
that's all out and waiting at the ball
field the only way to do it right those
are cute classes um oh those are cute a
memory mom so they're comfy and they
match
are you into the young green cuz I
really like neon green too okay yeah I
like me on pretty much anything neon
naye I like pink but me on Drake yeah
for Caleb troopers damn video beacon
what kind of video is it
it's a captain cotton ball Charlie
do you know how to play it tell me how
you play it
so here um she wear head set this up
you're gonna you're gonna put the bowl
in your head and scoop it up and
employable and see how much you give
what's the what makes it even harder
what what makes it harder you'll be
blindfolded I'm gonna be blindfolded you
get not so much and the people who tell
you they say that you got too much and
you got a lot they're tricking you there
they can you think you've got a whole
bunch yeah or none at all maybe cuz it's
hard as hell cuz cotton balls are so
light so you might think you have a big
ol scope so there'll be a little um
surprise guest and guess that you know
and go check this channel out describe
and white what channel is it I don't
remember
what's this video for bikini no that's
sobriety no it's pronounced wasn't there
my cheat flip the air but blindfold
cracks me up
alright we got to call them in our
special get yeah good those orange that
appointee branches
why'd you assure a gymnast now go what a
hollow tree as a bear that lives inside
this hollow tree here a giant woodpecker
oh that's cool
yeah look it's it it's been hollowed out
not gonna you crazy
Kevin staying in it
see I just stand on that it's just the
holiday tree sand any fungus on me yeah
let's go
stop picking on your sister
Tibor come on Piper
oh the aftermath of true plus 7
oh my goodness gotten serious in here
why don't we get dragged into this this
is a site that I never thought I would
see look at you girls are you bet it
fielding oh good
hi oh oh you want to do pitching that's
okay you're supposed to be low Haley
what are you doing over there
almost Danny
well she's not throwing it very hard to
catch hers win this for when they're
throwing it hi
I mean hard
okay Lee she called it she called it you
should see our next next one backward
whoa
that is frightening
oh yeah the Sun is definitely in our
eyes pretty impressive
I'm pretty impressed pretty light
- look at my weight any day running
sakes man that is so impressive okay you
guys I can't even see you the Sun like
glaring on your beautiful faces
beautiful face and we had to come back
to baseball today cuz Luke had a game it
was a beautiful night yep look we did
the girls it's like baseball with ice
cream we just took a bath and we just
got back from baseball and we mommy is
download doing getting a movie for us
and now it's time for the question today
the question via is again this or that
would you rather be at an ocean or
rather be at the lake I read where the
ocean hmm ocean I would rather be at the
lake oh she just scared of all I hate
stepping on the oh my gosh and it
Brendon I found a jellyfish I'm a weenie
I know I would rather a lake fan don't
even know if it's possible but I like
sand you know anyway so late
ocean ocean I mean eek I know I'm
awesome
pretty sure there's some people out
there thanks you're not alone thank you
to be able to end your awesome I'm
pretty sure it sounds like a nice and
high high brow like a rope hyper you
like Lake right we will see you tomorrow
don't forget to come down locusts is we
would another question today is this is
that the ocean or like bye everybody
ah baked potato baby thanks for watching
Britt Ailey
