today I'm Batali I like this line seseri
this is cool but one of the bad things
about all of them schooling is I'm
finishing for Caleb and Hayley and that
means I can't play with anyone when I
come outside so yeah so I'm just outside
and I'm going to do something come on
into any well well they are inside so I
hope they don't look up the window I'm
going to clean up the backyard
okay Robin Hayley don't have to do it
because some people's some puppy over
here tries to drag some thumb sometimes
some trash out here so I have to clean
that up I'm just good done doing that
and tired it's pretty hot up there and
looks pretty good so I got up there cool
off and then I got don't wear muckle
workout because it's hot past few days
we wants you if a teaching high for a
new trick and yesterday she finally got
it so what we're gonna show you
piper sit down wow that's a new trick
don't listen Piper that's not a new
trick that's a very old trick hey
everybody else has food sit doesn't want
the treats she wants the pop tarted
Annie's got behind your best yeah oh
she's getting mad at you tick ready
today
dick pray sit pretty hey you okay come
on Piper separating save ready come on
sit pretty Piper show them how you sit
pretty come on Piper sit pretty
Piper sit pretty sit pretty give me your
paw
no no this is not lay down and this is
not roll over excuse you
you just hung up on whoever that yeah
sly all right Piper know is dead roll
over the words roll over never came out
of our mouth come on come on sit buddy
yeah okay we'll do it first okay now do
it by yourself
give a shot sit ready come on sit pretty
you can do it come on sit Freddie sit
pretty super come proper come on Piper
super Eddie come on Sabri almost come on
come on
sip ready all the way up Piper you're
not showing that you know how to do this
pretty and it may rain any minute yeah
so what's the rule if you hear thunder
roars go indoors right because where
there's thunder just like me there it go
wash I can finally do it
no oh very good becomes to be right
no only lightly no thunder becomes
lighter your when it's lightning comes
fire from the planes and cars oh I would
never want to know why you would jump
out of a perfectly good airplane Myrna
we're jumping out of you
thank you guys have seen too many movies
too many movie previews do we have
flowers blooming over there that's right
we got lots of good sayings in this
video
April showers brings flowers May flowers
april showers bring a poolside brings
May flowers
april showers bring day all right um you
know if I want to pick them they're so
pretty yeah which one I need some
clippers don't hey when you look at it
look through here because that's when I
see your eye turn as when you look at
them then close up show me your favorite
trick
we're checking a warm-up
no that's not here trick this is one I
like the one where you go to your knees
and then flip forward or something like
a straddle you did it the other day with
Katie I don't remember what it was you
like rolled forward maybe down to your
back you went to your back and then you
went over that that's I talking about
that one's cool
mommy I see what I don't know what I
just did was it super crazy yeah super
scary is it dangerous you're outside on
the trampoline in the backyard that's
where you are I'm not so much sure
you're good
I got rotated and then ended like think
see you hurt yourself oh you got
trampoline burn John another one oh we
wanted a demonstration of what you did
I'm not supposed to go that way nice cuz
I'm lefty from left hand room that way
when the back pocket is
that's weird looking
hey you know what Piper does when she's
tired and out of breath so why don't you
try it
whose turn can go out more you run out
the hole better run around the whole
backyard yeah a long tongue I think
Piper's is longer yeah mine can touch my
toes I can't watch it okay that's
disgusting
all right oh this is nice I like this
one yessiree this is cool come with a
little girl expense for the free one
nice in and out
well that work hook you up here hop on
daily or thankfully boom you're shopping
for a grill what he's a mummy um yo bro
bro cha cha was Kayla would say that's
not lemonade you don't want to drink
this this is fresh pine-sol fresh
squeezed pints office for grape juice
oh there's apple just to hold our kinds
of perfect
what's that soda I was gonna say
Parmesan cheese although I guess this
one would be the Parmesan cheese the
green one man didn't know they had
grocery that home depot lotion you know
what else they have that we're actually
trying to look for but you're
distracting us these bad boys goodbye
headphone users yeah was it oh my god
we're back it was so today is called
this or is that I think that's exactly
lo so this is it and um so for the next
few questions of the days we're gonna
play a game called this or that and how
this or that works is we're gonna get
you give you two choices and you're
gonna answer them and the first one is
iPhone or Android
and I'd say iPhone since I haven't I
felt it have never really had an Android
so I'm gonna comment down below to do
another version today is this or that
iPhone or Android I just got home from
the Rasik I'm eating the McDonald's
fried don't really like McDonald's but I
love their fries ice ice ought to keep
anyways so I would rather an iPhone
because that's all I have and I've never
tried the others both the other and so I
guess we will see you tomorrow roll the
clip and then and then when picking up
that game okay
question of the day is this or that
iPhone or Android
I do you know what an Android is so
you're gonna stick with iPhone based on
database
thanks for watching
Britt Ailey
