time for my ue today is a very special
day because Haley is gonna pay as you
all know Haley does not like going
underwater so she does not know how to
swim but she wants to do swim lessons
and we are going to them right now but
of course she's very excited I don't
really know why she's excited cuz
usually she doesn't really like funny
but again she said she's excited I'll
tell you ah yes they don't look
beautiful you're kidding hmm I'm sad big
nervous please not your disposal don't
look underwater
why it happened or the excited
swimmin lesson okay so anyways but of
course for lunch before we go we were
going to stop at I know I'm great you
should pull away
she's taking a private lesson I mean no
one's gonna be with her in her flat oh
it's just gonna be her just her in her
class I don't know if they'll be other
swimmers going but she's getting a
private lesson
no floaties just her swimsuit her towel
and a smile that's what we were told
right she ever smile on Nick
she's smiling the saying no I'm just
trying to participate anywhere I on
Katie massive challenge which is command
culture to you to try to Anissa and she
did for a whole year and she gets $100
so I asked my mom when he had a
sleepover and she said yes she agreed
now I'm trying to take the no soda
challenge and today to fully the only
time I drink soda is absolutely and my
mom forgot and she my Lizzy and then I
had to go to the kind get my water
bottle so I'll drink a lot of soda
I only said I would drink is like
sipping my mom or a Chipotle so it's
gonna be easy for me but the heart that
is going to be at Chipotle it was
fitting my mom's at home Harper's gonna
be remembering not to drink it right
because I was about to sit back token
picked it up and I was about to drink in
the
so to be high for you to remember that
otherwise it I'll be trying but it's
hard to remember and I needn't surprise
what my mom said that she would give me
hundred bucks I think it's a good
challenge because so does not that good
for you that maybe one day I'll take the
challenge
who's gonna give me the hundred dollars
would be like five yeah tired of the
longest is my mom told you not to eat
any sweets she would give me like two
five hundred one thousand dollars about
the heart challenge for her the longer
fun ever later is sugar so that means
you can even actual sugar like Chris I
bet fruits would be okay
natural like yeah I think that would be
okay
the longest I've ever made it without
drinking any kind of soda like every is
two weeks any don't pay okay put the
tree that dude looks like a plant
Haley's getting ready to go in you
excited are you scared or just excited I
can't hear you you get nervous
here's your towel they're gonna be
calling you in any minute you're gonna
do great
we missed it she just went underwater I
feel so excited let's giving get it she
doesn't want to do it again I don't
think
you
might hurt years to me what's wrong
erbium Bailey did not like her eat water
in her ears for water survived she's
hanging in there though
we did it for five seconds right I'm out
of here I did it
I think she's proud of herself though
oh my gosh I am so super proud of you
give me five
you want to come back next week yes okay
Julie are you proud of yourself
yes did you go under the water yes yes
was it horrible yeah no not so much
anymore your level - she said you
skipped right over level one no Ashley
he can't um he we were moving we balloon
up like what and then I thought we were
going on to a favor he was my love plane
and then um I stopped with my neck was
here and then I was first - who didn't
he didn't like me on your back did you
yeah you did awesome
and you're wondering mine in my region
in school well I couldn't find computer
and any student : Caleb so that is why
I'm doing school we looked everywhere
for it but then mommy found that bad bad
where did I find it I don't know oh yeah
well I did under my bed why was your
computer your school computer under my
bed I got it okay I because I was in
your bed and then I left it and get some
we got and I'm glad we found up Caleb la
hip tail they already left so I'm the
fish my schoolwork second agenda than to
teach I would see break through the
break are you looking at yourself in the
mirror
do you like home school what grade are
you in yeah
not a stick where did you get the stick
okay man you can do my finding do you do
what what's that mean Oh more like
defending yeah why are you chewing on
sticks in my house this is what's going
on in the house
Caleb still at baseball with Daddy Annie
still at gymnastics with our car pool
Haley on the iPad Toshi taking a nap
Yoshi
oh my gosh that is like two days in a
row or two times recently
I called her Toshi Piper taking a nap
I must have Toshi on the brain
mommy editing Tojo isn't a brat if
anybody's a brat it's this monkeys and
perhaps kind of having a boring but
relaxing evening right sometimes it's
nice and I have anything to do isn't it
Oh done editing we're still pretty much
doing the same thing except I'm getting
ready to watch The Voice are you gonna
watch it with me it's the season finale
yes Piper do you want to watch The Voice
with us oh yeah she's all set up it just
came on lady we got to see who wins
I've been watching all season Haley's
watched a few with me the puppy's gonna
win yeah we got lots of TV watching
tonight we don't usually get this kind
of time do we well I'm just talking to
myself I feel sometimes I think that's
spending who do you thinks gonna win
thank you the girls get away you think
so do you like her the best uh-huh I
need to show you guys that Oh
Walker just sticking her tongue out out
here that's rude Piper go back to sleep
Oh we woke up baby dog but leave me saw
how cute you are with your tongue out
you sleepy weren't you you're so sweet
go back to sleep me did we wake you
we're such mean people chill out I think
the boys are home from baseball yeah I
just get done with delicious just got
home and I'm here with a very very very
very very very special question today
 it is suggested by our cousin Lily
so take it away Lily hi my name is Lou
I'm Kayla Annie
because knowledge is what's one things
you find on YouTube
I want to help you around by watching
thank you for watching my baby
that was a great question I've learned
how to how to do a standing back tuck
and how what was it like oh yeah rainbow
loom
I've watched a bunch of it yeah and so
thank you for that question
mm-hmm dad guess we will see you
tomorrow for it to come down below so
you want to know the question that I
have is have you ever learned anything
from YouTube bye-bye see you tomorrow
Emily well I won on YouTube is making
grade of stuff about state cow okay cow
Pat what else and doing cooking shows
let's go to Amy Amy are you two little
clips Caleb
bye hello Willie I'm relay so let's get
on with the question today which is what
have you learned from YouTube I learned
pretty much just everything I know about
Minecraft recording stuff and all that
stuff and why I haven't posted a video
if you watch my channel it's because I'm
trying to get a new screen recorder and
yeah so hopefully when I get that new
screen recorder my videos will like as
much because I know a lot of you
complaining about that and trust me I'm
complaining about it too but so here's a
link to my channel right here and
hopefully they'll put in the description
so see you guys tomorrow
ahh
 baked potato baby thanks for
watching Britt Ailey
