today I'm preparing for an easy he'd be
caught football sorry
so we are down in the schoolroom
and we always a finish today and we're
on part to finish our secret video that
will be up this week so we got that rata
and now before we can reliably you have
to do some of our choice which is put
away our laundry so here everyone has to
put away this is some stuff that and
then we can go out and play if we do it
fast we can go out and longer so we will
have a race ready set go
try to make a line by yourself and now
I'm having to take it off and see what
worked
I don't know if she missed any or what
but let's see if she didn't really do it
that was right I'm going to do it
haven't seen crazy loom in a long time
or rainbow whatever you Club and Annie
made this collar for Piper is it a
single excuse me Piper I'm showing the
masterpiece Annie what is this a single
it's beautiful
fishtail would have been take it would
take oh yeah oh and she's not worth
it
she's not worth their times hey we did a
fairness drop but I had to help her a
tad bit and she almost had it especially
for that love and of not doing the
rainbow loom or crazy loom or whatever
this hauled heavy can either be an ankle
bracelet
or a piper bracelet it'll look great on
her she won't try to bite it I can
almost guarantee it up a little higher
on your paw there you go going right
onto chewing it
not much going around here we finished
our chores and now we get dressed for
dress Monday I love it even in my
favorite practices
oh my I don't know it's just I I like it
I like know what we're gonna do next and
it's only 30 minutes every time we're
gonna legends you so fun any mad puppy
Oh alien dog alien dog alien dog Oh
Piper hi
a little bit guy boy way yeah that's one
big happy family
oh boy loves you Piper how does it feel
to be lodged she's gonna break that
you're all forgiven edging North bruised
but I Norma's one is a bruise Norma's I
don't see anything except nail polish
you missed your toes a little bit I'm
going to try to curl my hair with hair
spider-man kind of like water on it and
curl it as though it will be curly okay
that's what I like to do but okay that's
enough let me see what stay like that
let me say it did you get it curled
all right I'll hold it you spray it okay
ready
like that but for a little bit tell my
girl how about I don't know cuz we could
be like every day it not long but I used
to do that to your hair when I put your
hair in pigtails that's how I'd do
anything she totally do that I would
stay but I was go stay now it was when
your hair was shorter
see it's already so I'm wakin I'm gonna
have some crunch way okay so I know why
I use like it stretched out before we go
to gymnastics and I just like before we
go to and did he wanna know what me and
Katie say so I think it was last Tuesday
my coach says if you love your mastix
show me and then the whole rest of since
today being Katie everytime it's hurtful
get the remind yourself again stretching
you know they say that don't a sticks is
the hardest sport who said that ESPN
mmm-hmm we don't need any comments from
the peanut gallery daddy
right yeah I think I got that pic
collage is easy maybe caught football
sorry yeah there's a video name he's
making fun of us for sending a check at
the gym but I can't do it at home it was
on your spot ahead one because this
isn't for what thank you I can eat this
yeah old people need to stuff like that
with it all right on the count of 17 no
there's no one two three don't throw me
off I got ya I think she wants a heavy
spot I think so I got her that slipped
out my out from under me could you feel
it okay okay
all right more stuff not together but
how are you gonna bring the peanut
butter okay
how did you bring it to the gym oh okay
can you do that by yourself or do you
need help okay okay Bailey's packing her
a snack for the gym cuz we're up there
cuz she has practice tonight
don't hurt your shoulder I don't want to
hear it yeah I just hold here and push
her legs up Oh legs around I'll just
hold here though you should give her
some support you've done this before
yeah no you've done it on the trampoline
I'll just push up on her bag yeah the
same thing here what's the like for them
to flip her legs around with the other
hand so she just be lazy yeah what are
you doing good point
so literally I just got done with brass
exam I'm in the car now we're heading
home I'm not feeling great tonight my
hands had heard from bars we went to
bars twice but the good news is I almost
got my giant giant fly away from myself
so yay and so I'm not feeling great
right now so I guess we're gonna call it
a night see you tomorrow bye
