time for Latini
good afternoon um we are setting up to
do a video since we did school we did
like half of school and then we took a
break eat some lunch and now in our
break we're gonna film a video which is
secret because it's secret so good and
um it's gonna be stuff sometime next
week um but I'm eating some snacks for a
snack good thing the floor was just
mopped but don't feel better
don't be the mayor um well there goes my
snack so yeah we'll let you guys know
with this secret video that me yoga what
I can't how do you understand what
anybody saying around here what did she
say you scream like a girl
and then apparently Caleb understood
that alright so we won't be oh wait I
are waiting for Haley's hair to dry a
little bit so we can put it in her
little high ponytail it's uh that she's
been rocking lately and then we're gonna
be ready to start you know you don't
have time to finish your school day you
have ten minutes okay
thirty minutes you'll say well hurry up
I get done how many classes do you have
well five classes left hmm I am doing
kindergarten oh yeah and I really want
this is very important a pizza with
pepperonis on that because that
pepperoni is my best friend get it get
it
that's what that
so sitting here from in the secret video
and it involves ketchup and mustard
ketchup meat living must see guys
friends and Piper wins I just needed one
must spit food I know they're down here
just wait gonna make it smaller
oh and you've got red B hmm that's the
debate that's a weird be hell it's with
mustard hey do it must ascetic an excuse
no you don't like manna in your dad you
guys means you kid I get it never take
it your guards Bob Taylor again oh did
it
sister now let's see fit hey hi ten
bucks Theresa happy and muck bucks if
somebody shoves their face all in it
really yeah to shove my face in it put
their faces just and mush it around with
your face around picked up Dallas okay
look like ten dollars
yeah hi Haley got a dollar but that one
don't get on your glasses
honey I'm scared oh you're right
I can't go down in the sea okay here we
go
one two three don't let it get your eyes
close him tight when I say $10 because I
meant $0.10 no we should give those
goggles we should have had safety
goggles what your face burning from that
mustard no I just don't like listing Wow
you'll do anything for any woman
hey now ten pretty penny yeah all right
ten pretty dollars wow I can totally pay
we're not gonna do it we thank you I've
always wanted ten dollars go take a
shower
ah and gas must Acula but what I must
catch filler that means wash with you
slowly I believe hop in the back and
when I come out I am going to show you
guys my new song appear okay oh
strips now we just braided andis hair
and for the last how long here show him
for the last 10 minutes she had to lay
on the counter like this I don't need to
go don't eat my goldfish oh my god the
laughter Bertha quit eating the goldfish
little Lily says while I braided her
hair upside down
alright ready for me to pick but yeah
this is actually my favorite song on the
pan
it's my new one and I really like it but
first I'm going to warm up and then so
close your ears ok you're not going to
say it anyways first I was pretty good
had the to rest up and then I can't
promise I'm not going to mess it up
because this is my new song so it's
pretty new to be have a lot but here we
go
tada
not bad it's getting better and better
and better
she should have stand the fresh time I
played it mmm gosh she's messing up hey
Lee Chi hey Lee
what clearly quitter try to check quick
quick quick is not in our vocabulary
when we come to target
wait for us dude we're hoping for these
stickers that come off very easily equal
and yes come on really easily and you
can like click hubs there you get miss
stickers and you can pull them off and
then put them over there like pretty
much every sticker
I just got a new iPhone case and it is a
life through so you can put it
underwater and you can dress it up
Cynthia directly but I don't wanna do it
you shoot me my best link is a hot pink
so we have busy day we shop until we
dropped and then we did the secret video
and all that gas and we were spent a lot
of time shopping got some Tom's or mud
or wherever they are and and now I am
doing the question today which if you
can make the world a better place what
would what would you do I would recycle
I wonder what your is is hopefully
someone will not set hopefully Caleb or
Haley one else it was like if a be
boring to everyone to see recycling and
I just been looking at these you'll arty
stickers that I'm thinking of putting on
my new case because they peel off see I
just go and I just put it on so I might
do that so now I don't forget to calm
down look is ruin of life the days you
can read the world a better place what
would you do
bye see you tomorrow I'll roll the clip
do Haley hey guys so we just got back
from the mouth and the question of the
day is what is well the question of the
day is what what will be bring okay I
know how to run a pizza yeah
it's so hard well I would bring I don't
know how how to pronounce that Molly how
do you pronounce it the question of the
day what is one thing that you could do
to make the world a better place I would
bring joy and happiness a smile so
little clip Caleb hey so I'm gonna do
the question today and um I would like
FIFA or not feed but I really give money
to the homeless people and so they could
buy stuff like food and other stuff
other stuff so their number would be
happy and yeah I know it's quick but all
I gotta say so I remember coming down
below because you're gonna have a
question today is what would you do to
make the world a better place
see you guys hey babe
thanks for watching
Britt Ailey
