today on bikini you will get them I'll
punch in time for what cami hey guys
another day another video and so you're
wondering why my hat on and have a non
baseball shirt it's because we have to
go to piano and then like not even we
can't even go home because we just have
to go from being at piano straight to
baseball so yeah it's gonna be a very
very long day I have to pee and I'll get
my cleats on and my shirt on and we'll
go to baseball and then I will win and
I'm gonna come home everybody's gonna go
to sleep or they're gonna go lay in wait
because I need to go for the video
because I I didn't but my dad made me a
new intro I had my finger over the
microphone again and a few you guys
sometimes you might hear like it sound
really annoying and like fuzzy or maybe
because we have art but we have our
fingers over this little microphone up
here and
it just doesn't sound good so we're
trying to give a little bit better or a
bunch better and not putting our hand
over the microphone look what I just
found mommy
I think into mommy's purse and I found
this especially uses it and I don't know
why I think in her personal music
anyways I'm going to give myself a
little makeover because I'm bored and I
bought you last time I did it it was a
lot of few months ago I could say I
don't really know remember but I had
make up a here so I'm just gonna put you
down like to open it right now hold on a
penny here she just has a little tiny
stuff tied stuff your face with his
girlfriend thingamajiggy I can't do this
I don't know if I can do it with one
hand so I'm going to do this and then I
will come back and show you what it
looks like stop light check up doesn't
just make me look paler make you look
weirder
oh thanks peanut gallery my lights agree
no God take the cam butter you know okay
uh rhyme oh okay I am almost done I am
looking through this mirror so it
doesn't look that what will worsen
essences I'm not in it I so got a kind
of more not more of that I am done with
that but I need just got done with the
drive-thru games a new recruit oh and
I'm gonna shoot my makeup with to look
for I'm gonna be status and this is
nothing better when Haley gets a lip
gloss - let me see yeah no bag well you
got a green and yellow bag one of those
is yours with a four count though a six
cast my Haley got the fork oh yeah you
simple happen for her yeah that's yours
Haley didn't get a good meal she got I'm
not a kid anymore
yeah so get hooked to this makeup thing
this is just for fun she was like
digging through my purse visiting so I
gave her some busy work I told her to
put some makeup on to keep herself busy
I need me cuz I'm awesome what you mean
is you don't know if you need braces
yeah this tooths coming in oh look at
that
did you not what coming in I see it she
was just hiding it from you thanks all
right you're done yeah there's a final
result done no oh this isn't a great
makeover because we don't have any
mascara we don't have any blush or
eyeshadow looks great we have perfume
perfume positively purple that's from
justice it now appears that I wear
perfume from justice I think that was
Haley's oh gosh
my yeah so yeah we don't have much I
don't carry much makeup in my purse
oh wait you don't mm-hmm really 500
patches of makeup
no in your purse no purses in my purse
oh this is cool I can see this bunch it
is back to this a mirror in that and
there's a mirror there you don't need
that little mirror I do to me shoes oh
look it's my I do guys so I hope you
guys are enjoying your food back there
you haven't passed me up to us I'm
pissed off and it's a typical day
baseball game and it's pretty chilly out
so that's why we were playing on an
electron and not going to that part that
is um right there by the fields and I'm
playing with fishy fish hooks game she's
playing subway surfers we've been having
a boo
no he didn't get on it so my mom's over
the world is macaroni so I took a back
out of the tree it tasted kind of funky
soul of dude like so a tough stood out
of monkey and the monkey started cussing
at me ten years later you can detect
death later
yeah I don't know that's all I know
ready I'm ready
first take your shoes off first
that's yeah no on my honor short is your
feet you have never happen
don't leave one way or the other you're
gonna tumble down put her down and we
got home we H and Caleb a and went
really well and we won eight to three I
think something like that I don't know I
don't really pay attention yeah she's
probably I have no clue sir anyway it
went good but today it was kind of like
foggy it was like mysterious is foggy
and the rain wasn't rain it wasn't it
wasn't grizzling was like misty rain it
was like this weird and so I thought her
the question today today which is what
what's your dream car my dream car is
this teal ish lighter than this kind of
blue maybe just like that yeah little
bit lighter am i want to challenger so
pretty much my dad's orange a car but in
that context Hayley's mine and it's all
mushy this little color green and green
right there
mm-hmm is that so it's not focusing on
that write an acronym
I seen it one so what what type like a
Mustang a challenger of a in a mini van
a van or minivan like mommy is mmm just
a van okay - so we are going to checking
on Caleb and see what his is bye bye see
you tomorrow okay
you will get them I'll punch em hmm hey
so um hey so I'm about to do a new video
with my new intro with John and Emma
so go check that out link will be her
whatever you call it right here so click
on that go check it out subscribe watch
all the videos in that's up but also on
the question today my dream car would be
um a Lamborghini with white stripes and
then a red one like up up here so like a
red stripe on the top of it white
stripes on the sides of it and just a
black black car black Lamborghini all
around with with red wheels so that's
the question today I remember coming
down below because we want to really
question the day is what is your dream
car see you guys ah
my baked potato baked potato baby thanks
for watching Britt Ailey
