today I'm bikini so announcement
announcement announcement we have a very
special announcement Caleb will tell it
to you hi for me
okay who watched when my sentence that
escapes
he left a bomb I'll show you Devon and
there should go ahead maybe looks like
it was taunting you feel better that's
the doctor you should tell about it
that's not how it works
we're going to chiropractor it's your
time with the chiropractic and we
massage you decide my hip flexor and it
didn't hurt as much as the hip flexor
and I don't know if it really hurts
because I can do much in there but Dad
masters I will find out but it seems
like it feels better
so I'm not sure so I don't know and I'm
going to test on my elbow haven't done
it kind of rest it rest of it and
because it was a little sore after you
started reading it so now I'm going to
try to right hand forward and warmed up
I'll be spot on my first one now I'm
gonna do by myself see how it feels
because I have gymnastics tonight what
I'm gonna try to get man I'm straight ah
oh wait the drawers open ain't no size
specially because you even without my
over V live in my largest straight
stitch Carol wait you say honey tomatoes
tomatoes it is why I ready for anyone's
life on may be ready secretly set ribbit
you know he's going to do it right in
the middle of your back handspring so
just pretend you're at a meet I need to
block everything out rolling center I
always did
how it feel no pain Oh series ready what
one knows you mean you're like shining
over there and that light what are you
doing that's dancing jello jigglers
juggle yeah
oh she's jiggly know it all you want to
do the jell-o jiggler I think my arms
and just really would like please yeah
so so I go to make new intro for Kendall
and I need your help to find your
environment doo-wop music hi whose chin
are you making a new entry for no I
thought you're trying to make a new
intro for me and I said well I didn't
hire you you have not been hired but
maybe if you do a good intro for your
own channel I'll hire you for portal a
no good you're fired
permanently fired noise me that's who
crazy laugh
she sings one more song
what you're doing a little bit not that
whole time announcement announcement
announcement we have a very special
announcement Caleb will tell it to you
you've recently started homeschooling
Shae our ready to announce it so welcome
to our home school yes
computer ah yes
some of you guessed it very good
guessing for you or to you cheers buddy
our doing home school now daddy and
Piper were the first ones I saw my
series first one at home and you guys
miss it oh there's my second one hmm hey
for including me in your second series
so if you haven't seen my series on the
hive um I just got the other day then
I'll show you on the floor and if you
want to see me doing it on hiding you
just have to go to my channel acro Anna
checking okay
any scale first no beam there you just
fell flat on your face
I'm in Annie's room right now and I am
getting rid of all the clothes that are
too small for her while she's at
gymnastics tonight and Haley was hanging
out in here with me watching some stuff
on the iPad and fell asleep so let's
take a sneak peek and see what she was
doing
we can do this without waking her okay
she was watching Play Doh videos and she
fell asleep that is so funny and so
sweet
we're kind of waking her let's let me
get back to what I was doing next I'm
gonna do Caleb's room and Haley's room
I will see if I get done tonight wish me
luck
oh yeah and Caleb and daddy are at
baseball so it's just Haley and I
hanging out the house and now I'm all
about myself because she's asleep but
that's okay because that means I can get
a lot done
wish me luck okay oh I just woke up from
a nap and you can see it hmm got that
crown he is lonely laughter coke and
here's my bad today daddy doesn't swing
the camera to baseball and we can they
had baseball practice balls at
gymnastics and someone stole a daddy's
phone and they called the police and now
tomorrow they're going to go to the
school and check it out so they were
fourth graders actually one of their
classmates told told the team and daddy
so now the question this day is going to
be
have you ever has ever had it has anyone
ever stolen anything from you nope not
uh not that I can think of but I can't
think of anything so maybe someone else
can so don't freak all bad envelopes we
want another question that is have any
of anyone ever stolen anything
that's your database thanks for watching
Britt Ailey
