we want to give a huge thanks to
MetroPCS your sponsor in today's video
right now MetroPCS is offering their
best free phone event ever so today what
we're going to be doing is reenacting
popular viral videos we'll show you the
videos on our phone at the MetroPCS is
offering right now and then after that
we'll attempt those videos because these
phones are free MetroPCS is giving away
some amazing prizes to all of you at
home eight pairs of Beats Studio 3
wireless headphones foreign ports and
roads in foreign way all of which are
side
but mainly me no okay fine all of us
hold a sign it's all of us and all of us
inside but mainly I'll sign the biggest
to enter all you have to do is reply in
the comments down below or tweet us with
one of the names of us who performs the
upcoming challenge the best using the
hashtag Metro contest your entry has to
have both one of the names of us and the
hashtag Gor doesn't come check out the
rules in the description below for more
details
my challenge is the perfect circle
challenge take a look
Oh perfect circle's you guys really
close to perfect all right let's see if
you guys can do better with more
challenges my challenge is the invisible
box challenge my challenge I'm doing the
trick shot challenge
remember all you have to do to when the
sign headphones is comment down below or
tweet us with the name of who performs
the challenge the best using the hashtag
Metro contest and if you switch to
MetroPCS today you can do all the things
you love on free Falls from great brands
like Samsung and LG that's right switch
to MetroPCS and get four lines of
unlimited out to eat for only $100 Thank
You MetroPCS for sponsoring today's
video
always remember to celebrate life
thanks for watching
Vitaliy
