today on the tail so we are here with a
very big big big big announcement time
for me hey guys so we are going to my
eye doctor appointment
I am we were scared because um because
um what was it if they put eyedrops in
my eye I'm like address my Mohammed got
I her idea and so she didn't know that
we would get on base mommy
what why did you come up please
so hopefully that like photo point hello
Minoan kill something what it's saying
oh man still feeling lost we have been
there in six minutes
Matt's mom is her shoes me try are you
ready yes found a parking spot you got
on base barely bye
this is about getting clean cut on your
ID s did you know all your sounds no no
we know most of them huh dental
employment and this is what good doctors
say some all right have to look through
my lens because I don't look for my lens
I had to get more I'd rather write
writer in it that eyedrops will work
go to um um was a cold get a surgery and
you don't know what a surgery is it was
it if you don't know what that is it is
a little bit dark in here it is when a
doctor has to put you asleep and then he
has to catch you yeah I had to practice
I'm looking right here
and I don't my bless bulwark can it
tonight
I'm they let the High House
see when we get to the house done we
just got done watching a few of our old
videos and it was great couple come to
watch them because they're fun to watch
them and nothing quite do things and we
were just not really admiring that's a
long term we were watching how bad are
our um our filming was but you think
just our camera it's like fuzzy you
don't see so Wow
is we've done that and I taught fire for
a new trick
so however thing that do it so to show
you take your bone away
so yeah and our success then right whoa
yeah and the bees flying around as bugs
so do you think we've gotten better at
doing these videos or do you think in
about another just a bee buzz yes it'd
be buzz or how long ago were we
we were watching from 2011 and it's 2014
so that was three years ago do you think
in through yes Annie thank you thanks
anyways do you think that in three years
we're going to look back at the videos
like today and think the same thing we
saw earlier of how bad our videos squirt
might happen possibility that don't push
me again what'd she just say hey well um
so yes so you do think our videos are
like I said there's always a possibility
but I don't think so
no because I think as videos you could
he's not non fuzzy come on so you don't
think it was the kids in the videos you
think it was the photographer the
videographer and the equipment
definitely the mommy
okay I'm gonna push you to it to protect
me
is one no Hey hi
I can't get any higher y'all got your
brother doing okay because your big head
out of my camera view winter Caleb's
trick her games Raleigh let's copy
someone might be cool if you could land
it Oh Abby just came in flew in my hand
it scared me
what okay hang on cuz Annie just did her
cool trick she just did Kayla's cool
trick not it scared me oh my gosh
God scared me to buckle my shoe three
four open the door five six pick up
sticks seven eight lay them straight
nine did you make back in yellow so we
are here with a very big big big big
announcement and I'm gonna take it away
let me keep talking any time hmm if I
want to talk to this whole thing but
anyways so we are about to tell there
something let me start that over for
okay so um our videos are linked to
another like site so it's like there's a
BKB that's on the site that is exclusive
those people on that site are the only
people that have seen it and and stuff
so if you want to see it go over to
there and watch it and do stuff so we
can do other stuff with stuff and it's
called make a TV make it a lot TV go now
your time is now you watch all this all
your bikini we do when we show you
wrongly diagnosed okay so you know you
could know you also like it does it and
then let's go like this and then what do
you do you go like chance or something
yeah well you're gonna just type in
maker dot TV slash talent slash talent
yeah okay we got down guys nup you to
space flash yeah Alan I'm good at this a
lot for daily I look at it you guys
don't have to remember the site will
have links on any space on
in the description below and don't play
me and on the cameras face this BKB you
will not be able to see on youtube so go
to make it on TV sit and dogs might be
barking while you watch it just be
beware where beware that doesn't sound
like word anymore
beware dogs got it so go to make it on
TV
such talent and check out the exclusive
butter-side am totally underneath the
bag when I use my announcement so it's
very beautiful it is so remember go
check it out check it check it now yes
and this is how we saw like all of our
new verybody older owner videos and how
do you actually like get all this older
videos I don't know I'm still learning
my way around but I watched this one and
then after I watched this one
if started playing from video number 1
in order it was kind of gently did this
one oh whoops
no I definitely did that one I am a
troublemaker like what did I just said
plug-in blocked we probably need to
remember when we updated this computer
ah
click it caught him good quick do we
trust them I don't know do we trust
maker yeah I think they're pretty
trustworthy no you guys a message oh you
don't want them to hear because then
they'll get peaceful yeah we aren't
spoilers we are ISO Oilers oh I think
this buddy's broken visit is it a
commercial
I love minecraft so remember the garden
peas on make it that TV family on and
remember to just check everything up
because we're new to this site and we
don't know where we're doing so you
comment down below what you have learned
and we will press buttons and learn as
well just to make it clear make up a TV
is Brad no door yes mm-hmm
OMG can I call me the first time
ever
well you want to be the first comment on
this video
Thomas hard or on that video on first
komtar now could be the first comes our
long beach poor dumb dog hi I know you
can't you can't comment because you
don't have a Facebook well maybe you can
oh it's a social social plugin oh my
gosh she's pushing button
hahaha Preston hey oh it's not working
first fine oh you're gonna break it
I'm sure of maker top TV is going to be
so angry at you for breaking their site
you're gonna crash their site I'm
telling on you I'm calling them up right
now hey hey belly
hey belly
shellay he's are they oh I know I think
he's on the phone with maker right now
belly really are you on the phone with
the maker people you work Hey
Kailas crashing Oh probably a holder did
you tell them call him back and tell him
hey I got a one light crashing your side
all the time
you
okay so you guys have homework and
creeper and like no no you don't have
creepy you have homework and of course
they answer the questions that your
homework is something the very seriously
now that you can laugh at because this
is serious homework if you laugh you're
in creeper trouble so don't laugh okay
so you have to go to make a TV and links
will be places probably in the
description so go down there and click
on it with your mouse and go or with
whatever you're using your finger just
click on it use your touch screen
whatever you know just click on it and
then watch a BKB and you'll have fun yes
next okay and your question today or the
question the daggers only two years no
it's not even ours
um I mean it's kind of ROC anyway it is
um what do you think a BKB into our
newest pkp okay well you guys in a
second well nine seconds probably see
you guys know and he will probably see
you so just speed it okay I know since I
ate some Derek's I was starving and I
had some SpaghettiOs with meatballs yeah
today nothing's I doing some Giants with
my grips onto my grips I really like
them they're trying to teach paper and
it's Ricky's I know the way she shakes
your silly paw right now Piper Piper sit
sit Piper
who's got the treat guys earlier today
um I talked Piper newtripper a nurse
she's not cooperating and as she said
that okay shake see she wanted she okay
no way Piper go away don't you two shake
focus your eyes lay down roll over and
that's a half full over now roll over
all
they're getting their Piper you're
getting there you're getting me giving a
treat no you don't waste the treatment
you doesn't do it guys sit like people
is it good why is he pooping trees yeah
that's the grossest thing I've ever seen
this is a good angle Oh
holder little Fah what we're not doing a
routine we're teaching individuals all
over good girl that's a good roll over
lay down yeah I did
lay down roll over roll over
Ripper roll over roll over roll over go
oh really
quiet so she can pay attention okay
you're hyper hyper you're almost there
roll over yeah bitching to me roll over
roll over
good dog
all right third time's a charm Piper all
right start over roll over baby
roll over oh yeah
good job Andy you missed it you will see
it all right let's call it fourth times
a charm
all right won't sit are you so proud of
her Annie
one person has the same okay so maybe
she decided to show you oh that's right
roller roll over okay check it out then
keep going come on oh look a baby she
get on the road one way roll pipe it
roll over dog oh oh oh not being lazy
dogs how about my back come on
throw over granny
oh gentle all right and I guess that's
all we got the cameras about the baby
thanks for watching
Britt Ailey
