today on time for McCamey hello everyone
so today is it going to be a very busy
day because we have a to do a truthful
stare video but I'll get to that after
and we have two baseball game well Caleb
has two baseball games and so it's a
really busy day uh daddy's getting ready
for the truth the stare which is going
to be separated bean boozled I'm not
going to do it because last time I
didn't really like it and so Hayley and
Caleb we're gonna do it and I'm going to
read them right there but they might get
and so the ones we might get are stinky
socks or tutti-fruitti and the other
ones are lawn clippings and lime rotten
egg buttered popcorn toothpaste berry
blue barf
peach handed dog food chocolate pudding
booger
juicy pear moldy cheese caramel corn
baby wipes coconut stock spread skunk
spray and licorice so we'll see how that
works up so if you want to see Haley and
Caleb doing bean boozled then you have
to watch it on truth plus stare and then
you can see everyone doing it so the bow
is one good and one bad
it is wrangling minute all good fun
shrimp - what do they both hit the bad
one perfect a good one
that's not fun you don't want to good
okay oh wait okay so right now we're
back toothless they're video and still
is first time doing it so he opted it a
lot can I throw this away because it
just came off this toothless dare we are
doing the bean boozled challenge and if
you don't know what the bean boozled
challenge is then go check out the out
another kittiesmama thing that we did
this with them the bean boozled I'm like
yeah just just type in you don't mama
bean boozled how do we just put it on
Hayley's face right here so put this in
fill in and you know send me to it when
you watch it you come back and you watch
this and you can we eat it
yeah that's gonna go high
alright so now you're moving to this
camera and you're doing truth Buster
next one this is a lose-lose what baby
wipes or coconut
oh what'd I get pokin art no detail gone
yes so one person's out if we get
coconut whoever gets coconuts out and I
think what's going to be me coconut -
you can in do you like it I would choose
baby Wyatt ready set go
what I see here is bull Oh does he not
you mean you know he's like facing my
baby get chocolate pudding she just spit
it out
I think she's being a trooper let's go
traverse she's tasting them have you
liked any of them no I don't like this
one licorice
oh my God look at the x-ray what's go
spray okay ready
last one go well not over into the boys
are getting ready to go to baseball and
I know we haven't done shoutout videos
in a while but that's the neat thing
about truth Plus dad so the truth the
stare is kind of like a shout out
because the Monde review viewer video is
pretty much the shout out we're giving
them giving it and so it's just saying
shout out video it's Monday viewer video
and also you can see fun challenges that
Caleb does and sometimes me and Haley
join it and we have other people on
truthless - and they make awesome videos
- so if you want to see some shout out
videos and you should go to truth plus
dare to see some shut up videos
okay I get that wait
but did you really
she can act up with me Spanish that
doesn't sound very safe to me I want to
see her front one because she was going
really high a second ago at the last
minute she goes really low Haley if
you'd go if you jump up and then flip
yeah you're going down that's better
sorry for the noise but guys we build on
the shed next door to us yeah last year
oh nice - I'll help
yeah one at Haley thinks you can go to
fire and I told her that I had the
materials to do it it's Mikey who some
guy yes
look Nick um on today Iraq but on look
what you do you put lot on wampum
laughing in lips I'll give you another
piece of graph so we're on the second
game in a while they we're warming up me
and Haley got snow cone
I got orange and she's got great and
that's pretty much the reason we come
here and it what Kayla but we don't
really watch and we just do like
backflips and everything and all that
stuff so and I think they might be
playing right now and
today we get to usually they don't have
snow Holmes stated it and now I think
this one just fit today it really itches
so I think it was mosquito a hand uh I
guess we'll see you later much okay so
anyway so I'm gonna tell you what's been
up and what was doing so um right now my
mother and my Dedham are cooking me a
meal so I can eat and um the two
funny-looking ones which would be Annie
and Haley of course who else would have
been you know it would be oh it could be
Piper but it's not Viper this time nope
nope sit down inhaling and they're
taking a bath right now and I'm just
telling you guys what's going on and
what I'm doing is riding a bike and
Piper's running across the yard like a
dummy okay so now that we got that out
let us ride the bike very carefully whoo
oh wait that kind of looks like a face
hey that really looks like a face in the
shadows this which one is it that was
the way I'm that I looked at it looks
like the eyes are there there and the
nose is there and the chins there and it
doesn't have a mouth
this guy here right here you're having a
delicious dinner of tortellini and
sausage again for Drake is vinegar you
you anyways and Caleb I had a good game
and so now we're gonna crush
Tuesday's and fruit of question today
today we're gonna do high low my high is
that Caleb on the first game Milo is
that the UMP didn't call very well in
the second one hopefully he does not
watch your video well you didn't call
good on the second one there you go
it's good series up in the sock my point
you're employed high my high is that or
in Mehsana for Edina for Lena Lena kid
weenie me and the bad honey
ha ha whoa is that we went to baseball
bra my highest that I did a lot better
this game at hitting my love is is that
we lost the second game so that's our
answering so now remember
I'm Luke's moon another cousin today is
uh hello hi blue
very good ah baked potato baby
thanks for watching Britt Ailey
