today you guys miss these faces I know
it guys
I haven't had your polite in almost two
weeks is delicious that's the longest
probably I've ever been not ever but you
know what I mean I see you guys come
walking in with chick-fil-a though
yeah buddy in it yep yeah they just
walked in the door after their sleepover
with Mia do you guys have fun
yeah did you go to bed super late cuz I
heard you got up super late got a bit
ten yeah but time to go to bed too
- you made it told - did she make it
don't do did Haley make it til - Wow
okay so school and video that you can
eat first few things so are you addicted
but me are you show me the last three
episodes no your hair looks fine that
was a cute little outfit you were
wearing for the jacket it looks like you
were wearing a jacket dress I want a
jacket dress okay I thought you you want
to pull a that's true Chipotle and
chick-fil-a are a good combination so
don't worry it won't go it away oh jeez
have some manners yay
your girls are home they keep
disappearing from your life
okay here's the update school is done
Sydney's on her way I'm on hold with the
place that we got Annie's in years and
they're lost the any errs are lost no
one can find them they were supposed to
be delivered to us before we left LA
they didn't make it so he tracked it and
told them to stop and send them back and
then send them here and it's so
confusing and the girls are done with
school I'm on hold with them trying to
get her in years and it's just a mess
right now they're cleaning up here take
that way that you give a little we what
are you doing okay she's picking out
some clothes what are we gonna do after
that just be honest II said okay but
what are we gonna do after you get
dressed no really she's coming she's
coming today Hey oh hey guys so I heard
it so we're eating Smith gay girls not
the healthiest decision but we also had
a watermelon so that's okay yeah I'm
fine we're going to binge watch stranger
things she hasn't watched it and it's
amazing it's gonna be amazing worth it
we might even watch Riverdale guys
mm-hmm just maybe I feel like we should
try to get as far as we can and stranger
things and moms were like oh hey let's
yeah we're gonna go to Riverdale and
watch because I've never watched her for
Delly there so that's our plan
bat-ball am gonna buy bread so my Madre
is getting assigned in the Netflix cuz I
haven't watched it on my computer yet
but she also said that Haley can not
watch Riverdale so we're gonna watch
stranger things first and skip through
any parts I don't think there is any
part I think it's just mostly scary so
she can't watch River down so we're
gonna start with stranger things and go
on from there okay after more
consideration I decided to not let Haley
watch stranger things or Riverdale after
I did some research so we both decided
that wasn't good so she's sulking she's
not happy with us but sometimes you got
to make parenting decisions and I'm glad
I looked at I think it's just a little
old for her it's probably almost too old
for Annie but she is she's getting there
so maybe one year anyways that's the
update we got a sulking nine-year-old
and - well I said as a teenager and an
almost teenager snuggled up in the bed
watching binge watching Netflix so and
three happy dogs they told me they were
happy we'd be happier if we had a treat
in our mouth alright that's the update
it's just a great evening here at the
house that what you're doing walking
around trying to wear that bikini goes
all right well I got to figure out what
we're doing for dinner look we had this
watermelon that was old so we cut it
open to see what it would put an old
watermelon looks like and it's huh
it wasn't very good but it but it looks
pretty bad like not like bad for you
like you're gonna not rotten but
definitely not juicy so I feel like we
should go throw this somewhere
like you know how you smash pumpkins can
we smash a watermelon we have a band
named smashing watermelon get it like
Smashing Pumpkins some people do some
people know the Smashing Pumpkins I bet
you are
I bet you more people than you think no
who's mashing comes over you guys don't
lie comment down below if you've heard
of just comment an emoji of a pumpkin
emoji if you've heard of Smashing
Pumpkins before it came out of yeah be
honest be honest no need to lie we're
just taking a little poll here actually
you know what yes but you have to tell
the truth okay so do you know don't
worry about the emoji I mean you can't
you can put the emoji if you want
we like pumpkins Piper will eat the
watermelon liver will not soak sorry
guys when our kids are being boring and
vegging out and relaxing but you know
they deserve everyone's know I hope so
now Piper Thank You school you get us
you get us and the dogs is that a bad
thing do another poll I'm just kidding I
don't want to know it's probably like oh
geez
stop stop these parents I don't know
Piper will eat that up fruit oh she
tried to put it above his Gigi you guys
miss these faces I know it I know you
did you're taking someone stupid that
but she's not gonna let the other dog
forget she's like where's the steak it's
gonna dry well the night is coming to an
end I love this means I don't have to
put an actual concealer on they just
cover-ups dark circles it's not like oh
it was that subscription thing that she
got last year for her birthday she just
got another one in the mail it's
probably over soon Annie
because your birthday's coming up you
wanna know why your I got your birthday
present never mind I was gonna ask if
you wanted another one another
subscription her birthday for that yeah
her phone I keep still referring to it
as the ex you can get her something if
you want but that was she that's her
present I mean she can have like a party
like a few friends over or something
will do a home party and a la party
maybe I shouldn't promise anything but
that would be really cool all right
she shoots yeah beginner's luck you
might have made that one if it hadn't
hit ya you could just do the slam dunk
Oh didn't fall in so Sydney went home
she has school in the morning they have
school too
what else is going on what you're gonna
watch well stranger things all Riverdale
nope so I don't know how are those how's
a lip gloss treating you before bed we
put on lip gloss no no it's lip gloss
doesn't help chapped lips you know it
does help chapped lips chapstick
yep chopstick is the name brand it's not
funny
just like Kleenex Kleenex are really the
term is tissues Kleenex is the name
brand it's Jim that's funny how I don't
know what chapstick is called I don't
know when like vaseline vaseline the
name brand it's petroleum jelly I'm not
crazy you guys
I did I just make that up sometimes I
say things and I'm like wait me no cuz
now you got me second-guessing myself
its petroleum maybe just really that
doesn't sound right now
petroleum I know that I don't
Petroleum's a thing I hate when we're
vlogging and I say something and then
I'm like I start second-guessing myself
because there's so many people watching
and I'm like oh petroleum oh come on
Syria help me out petroleum jelly yeah
that's it petroleum jelly white soft
paraffin wax now you know I'm gonna say
now I'm gonna just double check myself
what is Vaseline hmm I love Siri a type
of petroleum jelly okay so it is
petroleum jelly it when I said it well
after it came out of my mouth it didn't
sound right
PJ PJ okay so there you go
Kleenex is a name-brand Patrol it I mean
Vaseline the name-brand
I feel like chapstick is a name-brand
but I don't know what school okay we got
to think of a question of the day then
the dog want to come in okay question of
the day what's your favorite name-brand
like Nike cuz you're wearing a
name-brand it could be anything then but
it could be dessaline oh we're changing
it okay what do you want your superpower
to be so oh so not your super name
you're super super pal your superpower
you either want to be able to fly rent
if she always us to what's yours
fly me to I think the flying would be or
being invisible I don't know if I'd want
to be invisible because then you would
know like stuff that you're not but
stuff that you shouldn't know like
you're not meant to know
when everybody truly says about you
behind your back
that would be a like a miserable life
don't you think oh that's deep you guys
okay bye guys we'll see you tomorrow
always remember to celebrate thanks for
watching for tailee
