today it's really starting to rain so
I'm gonna go in and then do some laundry
first get dressed then do so much pee
I wanted to so a guy's wheeling and
we're at baseballs and thank goodness it
stopped raining
and I think we're going to the park
remembered snack why are you talking
like I can surprise you what kind of
wife is that Danny doesn't ring gee baby
can you do it getting a little
playground time and how we go to the
game nothing like a good old-fashioned
game of tag you're it
done and we are watch wash the hands and
we are gonna go
hey guys so just got home from baseball
and it was fun watching baseball it was
fun playing rain in Italy it's fun sorry
um and the question of the day is what
your favorite dog gets you had a dog
name and mine would be bit so for the
clip Caleb by people of their general
types I don't even know if this thing's
going that's it
it is going you know you have a perfect
view of somebody's leg we've got talking
upstairs don't we should make them quiet
should we should be that's not it was
okay of course in the day is if you if
you were a dog what would your name be
and mine won't have to be ah
mine would be zero get it cuz I don't I
was hoping you guys would get it
something you could tell me and that I
could get it and then I could laugh
about it like really laughing right now
I'm just play live it wouldn't that be
awesome
I'll see the camera out of my face
why are you guys always so close to me
why it's outrageous so well my moments
in my own said we don't do that okay so
I just got on well I didn't just I gotta
get home but I don't I just fine you've
done gymnastics and I took a bath that's
when my hair is ups trying my pajama and
I'm gonna do the work today and I would
make myself Disney I don't know why
we're gonna name Riley kiss me back ding
ding don't refer to Freddy and sting on
Zoo
okay anyway don't forget to comment down
below cuz oh wait I have my state meet
on Saturday and my grandma is coming
tomorrow I'm sorry baby so don't forget
to come down bugs we want another
perfect day and if you is if you were a
dog thanks for watching Britt Haley
