today I'm Batali it's like nope
oh god no kind of milky but Franken tie
for look at me yes so well that's me
outside again yeah and we are cleaning
red I don't know what it's called a sand
box yes you got it in it Johnny and
dirty
oh the rain got in it yeah lift it up
and dump the water out back up when I
get wet do you have Lele slug already
attached it is dead I'm dead
oh hey moving they don't move a lot
oh I gotta get a good how do they not
get angry
oh only to know I'm getting out I don't
see how he's doing
he's underneath he's there's a hole here
oh he just ended at home Clif smart
slump who knew slugs are smart Molly can
we can we pull that out and let it dry
in the Sun Oh
- to the beach I don't think she's gonna
use the bathroom in there right Piper
daddy's gonna use his muscles yeah it's
full of heavy wet sand good you wanna
drink from the faucet like Piper dad out
refreshing Caleb Caleb want some I just
let you two go get this means eager to
baby
oh ho Piper you're choking yourself nor
the real me look at a dog attack to
water you're fine lift your feet up
Annie gets changed out of her leo
she'll come show you lift your feet
that's awesome
we made ourselves a swing okay Wow look
at that
we're running into this little tree up
here I like you anymore
whoo oh that swing set I thought you
were talking to Annie but she's not over
there you meant the swing set right this
is more fun
whoa yeah feel like you're gonna kick me
huh the way that my dad built the swing
if he attacks his football she doesn't
try and threw it over talk about you
couple tried but he did it and then it
didn't go all the way over so he was
like why isn't this thing go where
that's the part I should have filmed but
I was busy and then he finally got it I
don't know how like I'm jumping on the
trampoline one second he can't get it
and yeah the second she gets it ahead to
make sure it will hold
um first will hold me wait daddy had to
stand on it into Bailey eating booth
don't come to Beth perfect huh Wow boy
for what out Piper yeah hang on Danny's
first try
okay okay that's nice of you maybe like
how is it being workin hyper no Piper we
don't need you to help with our yard
work
Piper hey we don't know if you if this
was what you were eating what if that's
the what gave you the rash yeah keep
your mouth off of things
oh no I don't think you're gonna hit him
either are you so much fun okay don't
touch your feet I'll try to give you a
little fun so you still have that swing
that's all I'm gonna do that's my keep
your data's right so you don't know can
I have it wait you get to murder
so just keep him in a pike and Annie
will push you what do i why are you
attacking your brother Caleb you want to
take a swing yes if that creature off no
daddy and I stood on it
it's not gonna crash oh the rope I guess
the rope could come untied what would be
really bad is if the rope came over
loose over there I mean daddy is in the
Navy I should hope he could tie a knot
yeah he flew up there no he came he tied
a football to it and threw it over the
plate Abel why all I said was
have you ever thought it was building a
tire swing stand then he just got to
work I know like two seconds later he's
like oh well maybe that is not sugar
sugar why are we saying things twice
twice yes that thing please take that to
Daddy do it backwards okay guess that
may work hey JD how you do are you push
me give me your feet give me one foot
are you sitting yep give you our foot
now you ready
you sure
I miss fibers your father did yeah
that's it oh my god you're a lot of your
Lister great against the ground did you
hit the ground oh the Rope daddy said
he'll attach a board to it until we can
get a tire so we've decided to do a fire
engine for s'mores you're eating some
lasagna and everyone loves the nude with
tire swing and you can be another wait
wait you guys have pillows out here now
yeah so it doesn't hurt okay
and daddy's sitting at the cute little
kitty table that's so cute table whoa it
is a kiddy table all right let me see
the better with the pillow
all right we see it look what it's just
hanging on it's a thinner rope yeah I
was pretty good Hey all right I'm gonna
go eat somebody doesn't like lasagna and
isn't gonna be joining us for dinner
something for dinner
wanna play high-low he had to come over
here cuz we won't be able to hear you no
is okay thank you
my height is up we are doing a new tires
guy swing yet we're gonna keep going to
try and Milo is your low vision with
move on yeah yeah
all right Haley want you to talk well
Annie thinking you don't have a low you
have to think of something the worst
part of your day it doesn't have to be
something bad it's have to be the worst
very high in thought when we okay it's
not like we got to that was your high
moving the trampoline to into a
different spot and I love one oh we
didn't refer to that it's that work
doing the fire rush your low yo hi Oh
what's your love today would be a hi hi
yeah want to call it high high today
sure come back
yeah mine too high so that were doing
we're building a tire swing we're eating
by the fire ah this is how I like my
mushroom
I like how you blow okay I much I'm
braver the force turning hats the Moi's
how old would I um I'm four I what do
you want no I got big huge jumbo
marshmallows Oh perfect huh okay got it
you can get a little closer hi don't let
it touch the wood now flip it flip it
over so we get the side oh my god blow
don't touch it it's very hot why did you
pick you know no such thing okay yeah
much thing you don't like the big ones
mm-hmm I like it like yes it's like nope
oh god no kind of milky but shrinking me
quite solid milk your I need to take
that note back to the store
well they should have told it to you did
you have your marshmallow daddy's a
cheater
how can you have mine
my messy hands your messy self you are
you kidding
okay so daddy attached wood so it
wouldn't hurt and now it's actually a
swing whoa okay look and he cut off the
things that we were hitting so now it is
clear I know yes it's your turn all
right jump up get down you're a gymnast
flip off I'm just kidding you're not
gonna flip off yes Wow
Piper did you see the swing you better
move out come here now I don't dare you
that no all right hey Piper come here
but John Piper just wanted to remind you
guys about the question today it's hi hi
because we know one could think Veloso
it's hi hi to two things that were good
today and we'll see you tomorrow bye
based on database
thanks for watching
Britt Ailee
