today um Bailey we cut up I just like to
feel like I dog after dog so we're
making coffee yay well she's me I am
Helen I'm making hot chocolate cuz I
like yeah I think I think it doesn't
have enough water oh there is yes
Tommy's coming up something 1/2 cup no
it starts blinking the one that you
picked hey daddy dad dad it's not
working
daddy oh wait nope daddy's coming to fix
the emergency my hair doesn't look too
flattering but anyway yes yeah that's
what I get the thing Oh mommy you love
your shirt there we are
Hey
okay also we are going to Amir
we got to literally for ten minutes I
know so we're like we need more time so
now we're gonna go to our house we got
coffee we got hot chocolate and don't
worry we're changing this one's coming
mine even though you probably guys
weren't worried worrying but I'm pretty
worried so I was like let me just tell
them that so there's useless information
for you guys
any whom that's pretty much all so we
got Jack he tried to get out when we
came in so we just put him in the car
mmm this is Jack because they gotten big
we got him we dalam almost we almost
don't we could have I just like feel
like I dog NAFTA dog I put him in the
car cuz he wouldn't get in he's so
confused Jack your big boy now he's like
wait I thought we were going on a trip
you can get out now you can get out now
come on he's ready just to hang out now
I'm gonna roadtrip guys look how big he
is
Daxter big jacks you grew up
oh my gosh nothing's better than baby
boxes they would just calm down Annie
don't overwhelm the dogs look you've got
the piper night I need some of that pit
puppy breath love already
hey Jack see I told you Jax was gonna
lovely okay you know you have to let me
hold the dog yeah you can get out good
boy you were the first job to be a nerd
and the Tesla we don't let our dogs in
here we didn't want you to run away we
didn't want you to hand away extra skin
he's so cute okay right now we're
watching what are you watching
watch being any of you interviews I
don't know why but I'm gonna take my
hair out so this is before and and after
so we're going to just hang out now
that's pretty much all I don't know
where this piece is doing but that's
okay okay yeah so we're gonna end the
video here we'll see you guys tomorrow
question of the day is what do you like
oh no we just did that one on you could
change your hair color what color would
it be and mine would be like a dirty
blonde it's almost like a gold but you
know what I mean Mike I know do him like
a dirty blonde with like a gold yeah I
know ashy no okay hey what would you do
I would do like let's go
not right now you know what I mean like
I would be like really really really
poor that's awesome okay also don't
forget to tell them DoubleX meeting
another question the dais oh I had a
dream that I dye my hair brown and then
I regretted it right after well I love
waking up from dreams that you don't
want to happen you're like oh thank you
my goodness sometimes I wake up from bad
dreams and then I still think it's real
all right till I call my dad I'm like um
mom did it die right oh no don't forget
to know Claire would you dye your hair
bye guys see you tomorrow peace this is
Vinnie you guys saw Jax earlier this is
Aussie and this is the puppy Jackie
gray boxers you guys and we're mommy and
this is her new room did you check out
her room tour sorry I'm so used to dogs
jumping on me I didn't even push them
down okay um we're leaving the girls are
staying so they already wrapped up but
we're gonna take the camera so we can
get to editing by lab you have fun bye
Mia thanks for having us thank you bye
let's see in the morning Mia's got Jim
and they're gonna bring we're gonna meet
at the gym and you guys are going home
and doing school your room looks
fantastic you're welcome Vinny it's okay
it's okay Vinnie you're a good boy Vinny
good night see you tomorrow like I'm
saying that to you guys to have fun but
remember to celebrate life
babe I
thanks for watching
Britt Ailey
