today I'm put a link and the spawns
gonna be there in the mall and I wish I
knew what you're talking about okay
that's what I heard hi for me
hello everyone so um we are here and I
just got down to school and um we I just
painted my nails add just a little clear
coat because I do have a meet coming up
I can't put nail polish on because and
if I put nail polish um I just have to
take it off and then wah wah wah blah
blah so and now if you haven't seen
Caleb online recently well well on
minecraft it's because we we are wiping
this computer clean C and we're
reinstalling it to like it was when we
got it branding because Caleb has
bothered with computer down with
Minecraft videos and we're trying to
clear do this is taking a long time
because we started yesterday and we're
trying to get all the stuff onto another
computer like the pictures and the
movies we didn't want deleted are all
going on another and I might take you
guys outside well mom is doing this cuz
I think my nails are dry cuz I use this
brass thingy called fresh paint it dries
your nails very fast so they're dry now
okay so I'm uh bring you guys outside do
some flips
we break it okay oh my ankle
okay don't really know and uh we'll see
you later
selling y'all wanna hit you for tale of
oh that's cute you write in his name
yeah alright finish right now wait how
big oh no it's a cute bunny do you
remember how to spell his name that's an
I make that at E yeah let the master do
his work
uh-huh now B ha isn't that a beautiful
that's a great look it just looks just
like him let me see ya got the same ears
and the same eyes and the same smile
lucky for this ready don't make it the
time of the rabbit ah whatever lies the
ribosomes lovers are mobilizing fabulous
like that boy Brava simulacra there's a
family all right let me make your name
with her so I was regular Unni don't
drag her pretty hard of town but she
ever do the trampoline look what
everybody look her bumps are so much
better today the mystery bumps da da we
pas not really mystery anymore I mean
you know they were allergies what's
wrong just hug it out
nigga ain't I was choking her are you
really choking her what's he really
choking you you have my permission to
attack him
let's go in the food corner we have high
fur you're gonna get in trouble Piper
I'll do anything but pretzel and
he does not want to play with you he
wants to beg for food hyper escape so I
think she might have one no that sounds
bad on this floor yes now I'm in eat
eating I can't get in there now I told
you all I had were giant spoons cuz all
the little ones are dirty I don't want
to give you a dirty spoon this is dinner
for the record and we are tough eating
it takes easy
or dinner you must have a lazy mom no no
she didn't picture dinner she lazy and
why are you having cereal for dinner not
good because why I'm the light night
usually you have breakfast for school
breakfast not breakfast for dinner yeah
can you hold on one second because this
camera lens looks like it's dirty daddy
yeah that might be better okay we'll
come here look what's going on over here
we finally what wild minecraft the
computer is completely wiped clean and
the first thing that's going on there it
is my friends guess what the computer is
completely wiped clean can you switch it
to cats I've always wanted haha
Haley said you leave that oh that's
perfect
I'm most excited about though is the
server now try to get your server up and
running again but I'm not telling anyone
any ITT till it's already good be
surprised it's gonna use the front are
you gonna get it all bill are you gonna
the whole thing built and all the
plugins I can get and the spawns gonna
be there in the mall and I wish I knew
what you're talking about okay I heard
you
yes me Haley stand up my house in my
room and I'm waiting for Eddie to get
home so I can I can tell goodnight
and I said the question of that is
what's your favorite book
and mine is I'm Michele tear here love
it
my favorite books down times so bye bye
see you tomorrow
don't wreck hunt down low cause we wanna
know what the question of the day
Walter Caleb or area by sea tomorrow
hello um so the question of the day is
what is your favorite book and mine
would have to be a series oh yeah likes
writers series like you guys want to
fall on that what was that uh split
darks guys so good I am at darts okay
right while I was bad okay I'll show
that again does okay woo I did it okay
this one's lucky okay okay here we go
a sprig oh that's where you go right
yeah I love it
yeah okay 1r is so you guys do more I am
coming from gymnastics eating some
dinner see you hmm that's okay Haley had
the theory over dinner do mmm that's
what's on the menu tonight Froot Loops
mmm I'm going to need to push him day
which is what is your favorite book well
mine is Shiloh but I am reading I am not
finished with it but I'm reading Bridge
to Terabithia which is really hard to
say and not done with it but
might be my favorite book shyam oh to be
young or bridge to terabithia so nothing
much that we're doing but we are dyeing
Easter eggs smile you need it then oh
and that's it so Haley get out of my
nightgown bye bye wait a second I just
tuck you in you better get back in bed
why are you out of bed and why are you
in a me Becca but it's past your bedtime
all right you have to hurry up or you
take this cuz I got to go beat a little
five-year-old on your mark get set
okay so don't forget to comment down
below to be wearing out okay today is
what your finger book we will see you
tomorrow bye bye
a baked potato baked potato baby
thanks for watching
Britt Ailey
