time for what Amy why are you filming
hey daddy's got a camera daddy's got a
camera it's like the paparazzi in here
now what do you think you're doing in
here little Missy you why
okay daddy won and you you daddy brought
you breakfast in mommy's bed hmm where's
my breakfast in bed I'm in bed to Haley
and Riley and mommy are in bed Riley do
you want some breakfast in bed
yes heck to the yes mmm
heck not a bad word yesterday Haley was
saying everything in threes remember
that you were like I want to go outside
outside outside and I said why are you
talking like that like that like that
and you said same thing right I want to
what you want to you're crazy crazy
crazy you know you're talking about
talking about having mouth I'm talking
about
Oh Oh waffles in my bed look do you see
oh thank goodness
could you get used to this eating in bed
hmm that doesn't happen very often does
it no we usually eat up at the table
yeah yeah again the one guy and mommy
won't eat me and just some good legs
yeah I said that what were you eating in
my bed I don't remember that Riley don't
it I don't but is trying to get to you
you are not allowed to eat off the plate
Riley you don't have any manners yet do
you Saturday morning this is what's
going on Annie would be mad at you she
saw you eating about all of them they'd
be jealous that you got to eat breakfast
in bed
mmm
one thing follow up pajamas no stay and
wait when in Spain so I just got picked
up from gymnastics are changed and I am
dying of thirst
I forgot my water bottle at home and so
I'm very good even enough with my whole
heart I drank some oh
 what if at all not about
that okay um and Haley is really hungry
so the only place we could stop out is
McDonald's and it's better than nothing
and then we're driving well Caleb has a
baseball game and it's a little far away
so that's why we're stopping here we're
headed bad the boys are already there
and Caleb is doing one game down now
because he has he had two games but we
couldn't make it to the first one cuz I
was just mastics so we are going to make
the second one
and I'm eating an Oriole and it is 77
degrees out
that's my temperature I don't know why
it's either I my lucky numbers are
threes and sevens also 33 and 77 after
the winter we had we're excited to see
these little signs of spring I know some
of them um some of our up youtubers out
there have got have had a long summer
very hot and then when we show it when
we share this video they're gonna be
like they're not that cool cuz I've
already seen them a whole summer yeah
the people watching mm-hmm some of them
right busy busy dry for today yes ma'am
I will see you later because I need to
finish this Oriole I look very important
to wear a baseball I don't know how the
game's going but we meet Haley ruff Park
and now I'm just laying here sitting
pretty bored and so we're trying not
really but so we're in the car I just
got done with fields game and I was very
nervous when Caleb was pitchy
and now I get to sit in Daddy's car and
Caleb's and mommy's car filming right
now I wonder what he's saying
maybe he say the exact thing I'm saying
right now how did we deploy I'm sorry
buy some now we are done and we are
hungry that we are going to eat game and
snacking on golf it haha hey guys so we
just won both of our games and I caught
pretty much the whole game so I'm kind
of tired and then we're gonna go to on
the border to eat
whoo it's a celebration for us winning
two times so we get double the meal
right one sure and I also get dessert
and you also pitched oh yeah and I also
pitched a log Ginga in the first inning
and then went through you great then um
Brit Brit out I think I hear you walk
those two so no snow runs scored on you
right yeah oh yeah person oh the first
inning yeah that's right but one and I
closed it so I got a safe what does that
mean that we came in to you next week I
was um I came in winning we were winning
and then the game ended we still want up
as it a save as' okay cool
actually a just fine bow and go really
yeah I just learned it yesterday because
Luke's house we were watching the game
and daddy told me hey daddy don't Mar he
doesn't know and Annie went with Daddy
hey we just got done with a long day of
baseball and um Annie did you like stuff
tell them what we're doing yeah no
really yeah anyway
so I decided to make a new light
background for my channel because it's
filled with baseball and right now I'm
doing a bunch of Minecraft stuff in our
candy ssam what made him my acid free
without any guys free but look at that
and our first page we have bacon candy
cane and it's good one video up Plan C
we had a good vision so he couldn't find
that the color so we came back anyways
so never going to go with a clean page
and start drawing random stuff flying we
don't have a question of the day today
we haven't thought of one but I guess we
will see you tomorrow and we were what
we if we if we remember we might show
you some of the stuff we do tomorrow
my database the database
thanks for watching
Britt Ailey
