time for what Kaley hey guys Cal here
and today's things gonna be a little bit
different so we decided to do a question
and answer video with a fellow youtuber
and her name is Lady died so here's how
it's going to work we have a whole list
of questions and all four of us are
going to answer all of them me Haley
Annie and Lady daddy and then half of
them we're going to go on Lady daddy's
Channel and half of them are gonna go
with our Channel
we'll give you the link to her video at
the end of this video so bring on the
questions what is your favorite thing
about blogging my favorite thing would
be that it's not scripted so we put much
in say whatever we want and do whatever
we want
hello bratayley viewers my name is Lady
daddy and I'm a daily vlogger and I
thought it would be fun to answer potato
these questions for you
by kind of filming throughout my day and
answering wherever I end up soon kinda
get an idea of what my life is like so
the first question is what is my
favorite thing about vlogging and I
think my favorite thing is being able to
look back on old videos I used to keep a
written diary when I was younger and I
loved it and then when I started daily
vlogging I stopped doing that because
now I literally have videos of every day
of my life in the past three years so I
think that's probably my favorite part I
can look back and kind of see how I've
changed since then and um if I have
really good memories I can go back and
almost relive them through my videos
mine is um Bing - mine is because when
we blog we some of the videos get a
little boring so to spice it up a little
we get to go some to some fun places so
that's fun
is there anything you don't like about
blogging um no I don't think so
pretty awesome and pretty spot-on okay
what's my least favorite thing about
vlogging believe it or not ace to be a
really private person until I started
videoing my life everyday and I don't
mind so much when strangers know what I
do everyday or people I've never met but
I kind of weird that my parents my
family my close friends know what I'm
doing every single day they know every
detail about my life
oh yeah nope there's nothing I don't
like about vlogging what is this
strangest face you can make this one
alright what's the craziest face I can
make probably you can have a superpower
what would it be uh speed like this oh
that's okay they just look I ran into a
door my little plants are starting to
sprout all right you guys asked me what
my superpower would be if I could have
one and I don't know if this is
technically a superpower but I would
definitely have a green thumb because I
love growing plants it'd be really cool
to just touch to the ground and have
tons of life pop out of it
nine would be um um rocket blasts I was
a girl that had long run whore mine
would be to be mine would be to be so
then I can scare mommy and Kayla and
Haley at that
you could go nomination well anywhere in
the world what wouldn't me um Hawaii the
Bahamas okay if I can take a vacation
anywhere in the whole world I watched a
lot of movies that took place in Ireland
over Saint Patrick's Day so I think I
would probably visit somewhere there
I've never been there and I'm half Irish
so I think that's where I go
mine would be Hawaii hmm
I have to I just got to decide between
Disney World
No
Australia is that your final answer
yes Australia yes which we have your
videos is your favourite probably the
water balloon ones because Andy got
soaking right it would buddy
okay so my favorite videos of my own
probably the videos I took while I was
taking my west coast road trip because
it was super adventurous time for me and
it was really spontaneous I didn't know
what I was going to do every single day
I got to see new States
I drove all the way into Canada I think
my viewers really liked it too because
every day was kind of a surprise for
them
mine is the one where um I say on Annie
9 8 that's a pair one that was a very
first vlog I'm not Annie on hey away hmm
mine's probably the first video the
copycat why didn't they ever dailies
being a copycat the first video when I
got mine
you want to know it was funny she said
the same thing really
she wasn't copycatting you she had no
idea you can be in the circus what what
could you perform I would be on the
tightrope with my excellent balance oh
it's a tight tight rope high fruit I say
okay I could do any act in the circus
fun fact I was actually in the circus
when I was younger and I did roller
skating tricks but I always envied the
girls who did Trekkies so I think I'd
probably do that line would be doh
when you're on an elephant and you do
flips I would be on I would ride an
elephant Wow juggling fire what dream of
YouTube you watch who is your favorite
youtuber i watch
who is your favorite YouTube or Beijing
Guinea and as the ass up to Rome and as
a Sunday or Sunday
and then um and it is skydoesminecraft
and also husky blood kipper and that
venom and um and gizzy a photo basher um
see who else is there my father free
kidding um uh um uh um uh kittiesmama
what do you win an Academy Award okay
some who are my favorite youtubers my
videos do i watch i watch a lot of how
to videos like cooking videos and stuff
like that but i think my favorite
youtuber is a guy cookies instead it's
kind of like a youtuber smash a
filmmaker be really interesting little
short films I also like fun for Louie
and any other travel type channels again
I just started watching for daily and I
really like them too mine would be whoa
or um ours because I do watch boys well
does um cooking and she's really good
she does cupcakes I watch me she's a
bigot or who is your favorite youtuber
my baby's mama
how has vlogging that did your life it
has affected my life it has affected my
life um because like it's uh uh made me
want to make my own YouTube yeah okay
last question how has vlogging affected
my life well as I mentioned before I
used to be a really shy person I was
also really scheduled and organized and
a little bit timid I think and since I
started vlogging I
okay with being spontaneous and I think
that's part of my personality now I love
going on adventures I'm more outgoing I
love just doing fun entertaining things
every day whereas before I would be
afraid to take risks and now I feel like
I'm constantly doing that and I love
what it's done to my life I love how
it's changed me and like I said I've
been vlogging for three years I hope to
continue doing it for many more years
and watching myself grow and seeing
where I end up thank you guys for
watching my answers to these questions
and I'll see you guys later
well my worst one well the one where um
I sing I didn't want to get in my eye so
I said nobody know um it kind of
affected me a good way to connect the
meet and greet in New York I kind of
felt special because there are so many
people there just to see us I hope you
enjoyed first part of our questions if
you want to see the second part here's
the link
also remember to subscribe to lady
Dottie
she makes daily videos just like us so
the question of the day today is what
question have you always wanted to ask
us coming over look because we want to
know the question today is what question
have you always wanted to ask us now it
is your favorite messing up my hair did
mess it up
so just like every day see you tomorrow
everybody sing on aa database database
thanks for watching Brit Ailee
