hi for Kayleigh hello everyone so me and
Haley your outside is this is a gorgeous
day oh good yeah and hair swinging very
hot up it actually feels like the spring
and me and Harry are wearing they say my
shoes and look at this so hey we forgot
that I gave this to her when she was
three or two you know one you know one
and I got the cutest hairstyle um it's
been a long time since I've done this
hairstyle but it's really cute to me and
uh huh oh my gosh there's actually
flowers here it doesn't look at this go
get mommy go to mine and say that we
have something very special to show her
I'll try to find that you go let's help
Haley look for her ring
where could that ring possibly be
Faraday I can't believe that there is
our we haven't seen flowers and long
time we are trying to think finally had
to go downstairs oh I don't think she
need you to teach her be very careful
Riley I will catch you I will catch a
little baby come on come on big dogs you
can do it oh good girl
oh look at you
watch out Piper keep doing it Oh Piper
you're making me nervous
come down here come on right here hold
Piper so I can make your valet doesn't
fall come on Rosie
no Piper you joking you huh cuz you're
not being patient come on Riley couple
more steps bless you
come on by for Evan I mean I mean the
other one Riley over there they're just
a little mighty down here come on you
did it your pumpkin yeah it's a
beautiful beautiful day
Haley just came in the bedroom and
announced me that it was it was summer
say how you said it Haley and I said you
mean spring she goes no I mean summer I
said why is it summer do you remember
why use it of summer because of the
flowers and I said and I said yeah that
means it's spring and then you said in
singing it was funny another one of
those moments you had to be there if
only I had been filming it wasn't as
funny when we had to retell it you are
are you gonna make for her who will be
the first to balance it on their nose me
my hands in there no you can't do it eat
butter gz1
today I'm pretending today I'm Virginia
is try a new fruit looks delicious guys
this is how the theme song look like oh
you need to work on that that was
obnoxious okay
aren't all that fruit so the fruit today
it's fruit is Kawana well I can't wanna
it's a goner
no Kawana it is I thought it's ugly
doesn't look thrilled Kawana whoa like
in Lana that has any fans it looks heavy
ah this it's very pokey so be careful oh
it's very smooth smooth I don't like no
I am NOT trying that oh come on
it's interesting
daddy says all right I already watched
this I'm not ready
you guys are weenies smell it smells
like QE okay I'm on it no it's mellow
Haley no no yeah
are you scoop it you eat the seeds yeah
oh come on is gonna grow in your tummy
well huh healing folk come on try it
I'll try it
you made a weird funny are they how with
Annie
oh you guys are being friends uh-oh
kinda got liquor now what are you guys
doing just hanging out okay she's on
your armpit
oh yeah the girls are just hanging I
don't you that not hands are free hey
hey hey no growling so the other day we
shot a wrestling video and there are
some clips didn't make in the video
spirit fun clips if I were Caleb I could
make myself cry but I'm not and that's
good so I hope you like these clips
I call this move diffusion split
okay so I hope you like those clips uh
we will see you tomorrow bye bye oh by
the way I did this Desai walking Judy
nummies
it's a cooking show so go check that out
baked potato babe I
thanks for watching
bruh tailee
