Haylee ruined her hair good morning
everybody
heylia's already bundled up this is her
this is her outfit
she's got slippers with socks and gloves
and she's gonna put a hat on when her
hair dries she's fresh out of the bath
she's got clean hair and clean teeth
it's how you should start your morning's
don't put it on until it dries a little
bit banks Annie is in the other room
getting herself put together we are
packing up to leave because when we
leave set today we leave Toronto - oh
this was kind of an unexpected trip and
so we were glad to be back I didn't
think we'd be back so soon but happy to
be back and that's the morning update we
leave here soon ahead to set where I
spend most of the day there and we get
to get on a plane yes hmm go back to
relaxation which is one of the reasons
we wanted to come home so we're super
excited yeah
hi do Danny you dressed
no okay well that's your morning update
and don't you hate it guys I know I'm
not the only one shoes I got socks on
under these and the sock has fallen off
of my foot for the most part look all
the way off and I took it out it's so
uncomfortable I can't stand it I need to
wear higher socks with these that's
that's the moral of the story Haley got
really high and unicorn gloves - because
whoo I think you've got them on
backwards again no you think they go
that way you think the I think they go
that way is it a good morning or just a
morning
mmm it's not even a morning we found
that we don't sleep well in Toronto we
don't know why so we're gonna be happy
to go back to our beds once she gets up
in functioning we're gonna be good to go
all right so just last-minute bags to
put in here like the bag for the
bathroom with the toothbrushes after any
brush your little teeth ease and then
we're on our way we walk in and the kids
like our magnet to the old doughnuts I
know I was hoping there'd be food here
and there usually is all right we're
here - hair and makeup we go I'm just
sitting here all by myself
on set it's kind of cool in here and I'm
just hanging and chillin Oh outfit
number two
mmm yes I love them I love the bun she
stepped him up a notch they're not
moving or like she's got it out I like
sus hair and makeup yeah she's new here
all right so you're going back in the
kitchen hosting you Alex
taking pictures I was like oh yeah
taking her picture all right well
where's Annie if she's still getting
ready she's in here and makeup if you
want to take us back there
I'm Ann better go and get my mic after
this
so okay as you can see we are behind the
set Sara's room Spence's room
haze room hey what you can do here what
are you doing - okay all of the clothes
okay yeah call us at ever
okay the food is in the other rooms who
I was about to get a doughnut but I
wasn't okay I'm gonna go get a mic okay
you have fun
mwah Haley nope not yet out okay guys in
between takes and he's on musically
because her song is on flight house it's
that what it is musically so she's
making it to her own song how cool is
that
okay so what you guys all need no she's
getting up and getting away from me look
she got to go to the good light you guys
go make a musically to Annie's new song
what should the hashtag be the hashtag
ordinary girl she's getting so serious
about it like three times he's getting
mad at me this is how long it takes her
to make one and she thinks I'm making
one of her I was gonna be a one-take
watch Annie get mad at me and annoyed
with her mother okay okay I'll turn the
camera do what you need to do I'm not on
my phone cut my battery girl she just
get so embarrassed when she's making
music Lee that's so cute all right guys
my favorite thing to do okay sorry
that's a wrap she's filming for her
video again I love your hair
let me see it we're gonna try to
recreate it I like this side looks like
a rockstar I love that I bet I could do
that I don't know if I can do little
french braids like that and why are you
okay me like that okay yeah
all right let's boogie out of here she
wants the messy bun this lights really
good just go stand here for a second
right there no wait where you going
okay and it come into my good light Oh
be careful don't pull it down though no
no like really don't blow down
she thought I was kidding but the lights
behind you look great we are ready let's
rock
bask in that okay we were just dropped
off at the hotel our stuff is being
stored because we checked out I don't
remember if we talked about that we
checked out already but we're being
picked up our cars picking us up here
for the airport but we're a little early
we are gonna walk to a little restaurant
hi pop please pop Bailey's it's around
the corner it's the one that Annie left
her phone at last time we're here you
guys remember that we're bundling up and
we're gonna braid this cold
okay can you wait till you get to my
strap yeah just since your whole bundled
up like a two-year-old move get bundled
up but dang it we take everything that's
why I don't like winter okay love you
winter ready it's both of them
we're wearing socks on the plane but
then I'm like wait it's cold all right
let's move it we have an hour before the
car gets here
we're going up here into the right where
are you going oh you have to go to the
door that opens automatically don't
close your eyes you'll run into
something oh it's cold
don't get me wrong it's not that Hayley
ruined her hair ruined the braids are
still in no no no zip up goofball
she wanted a bun
take that cold weather I'll unzip my
jacket me either
just this weirdo she thinks she's like
you beat that cold and when you get a
cold tomorrow and he's been editing for
too long she goes okay zip up though
cause I really don't want you to get
sick
you could alright my friends
I gotta hang with these goons so we'll
be back
okay everybody breathe a sigh of relief
that one was the most crazy whenever we
just cleared customs they were so nice
but we got two things confiscated don't
go down those stairs okay anyways Andy
what did you get confiscated
she had school scissors but they were
like that much too long they were long
like so those were confiscated oops and
some of my rock your hair what does that
stuff call it's the stuff that tames
your hair I don't know what it was
called
but I'm gonna have to replace it because
it's one of my favorite products it's
okay so here we figured out the problem
well hey Andy doesn't normally bring do
you normally bring that I usually check
all my toiletries hey shine your shoes
it's first shoeshine
I usually um yeah like that check back
all my toiletries but this time we
didn't bring any check like luggage to
Canada this time so they were all in
this bag and one thing was too big I'm
surprised I didn't have more I thought
he was gonna throw out everything that I
had in there only one thing was over the
limits Haley didn't have anything
illegal Haley can you watch out please
say excuse me
guys seriously this this trip these
people probably think we don't like oh
and they were so nice they weren't rude
and like f-85 like remember last time we
just like to talk in this airport one
time last time we were here Annie just
talked and vlogged and talked to vlog
and we completely didn't see our gate
but anyway don't travel with scissors my
friends f-85 they will take them we like
to say that we were just checking to see
if they were doing their job and they
were oh and we sent a computer through
whoops because we're usually we're
usually tsa PreCheck but you can't
you're not pre checked through customs
so Annie out of habit just put her pull
back in there and then I forgot to take
my shoes off ah but they were really
nice I think they felt sorry for us
because they're like these people don't
know what they're doing
that's okay because we're going home
tonight and we're gonna take a break and
we're gonna just relax I think we're
gonna plan to see Mia tomorrow and we
still sleep on our agenda to see Sydney
so we are fear not yeah probably her
schedule is school in gymnastics we have
to wait for her to have like a day off
and we busy Sydney's all busy all right
we'll see in a little bit seconds for
you
Wow just like so and you just out of
niceness grabbed it for me and then you
just left me so I still can't turn the
camera off that's how I do it yeah yeah
we're at the gate and we are just
hanging out what are you doing workouts
you're working at your finger well
listening to music that Maxie
that's a little weird we're gonna pan on
over to Annie and see what she does
before she get this is what Haley
doesn't where she gets them on a flight
she does finger exercises detection to
relaxation and Annie is over here doing
I don't even know what she's doing a
little yoga Annie that is not funny no
it is not the moon at the whole light I
think that's a light right there inside
that's red thing
it looks warm down here but it's
definitely red it does look like the
moon on the camera oh sorry we're doing
so loud that's a light the camera is not
picking okay anyway
you ever wonder what someone's doing
behind you you just get a camera you do
that I didn't say you're trying to be
slick what are you doing what are you
doing oh I don't like that at all don't
do that oh my gosh can you guys know how
to be normal for once could be your new
thing what are you doing what are you
saying your hands dry in the winter how
my wrist my wrist is getting better
Oh God okay guys that's your airport
update brought to you by Jegs
and I make me hungry and we're not we're
gonna be home too late to eat some okay
so when they ate we ate before we got in
the car to come here and I wasn't hungry
and now I'm hungry is weird looking okay
guys thanks for joining us how you said
the videos not over I'm gonna stick
around for more weirdness just just just
wait seconds and there'll be some more
weirdness okay one more
people watching you Airport ballet no
we've moved on to airport yoga that's
pretty good oh don't do that
in this Rihanna this is this is this is
a yoga
there we go
you're gonna need that to see where
you're sitting
waiting for the beam
Cerrone dings
we're not gonna get the big cut we're
home another trip in the books my friend
not five well you just we're here we've
been home a week tomorrow Monday so we
have you okay there
that bag loves to do that nice little
help little bag help okay no we're not
home for five weeks it's down to four
we've been home almost a week out these
doors
daddio should be you know I used to call
my dad daddy Oh
anyway he should be here
it's so cold
all right since I don't see him Oh
without him cross
Arai we found them
both ways Oh Hayley you almost fell
we're running the
it's not some stranger
ready 1 2 3 oh you wanna do one
all right jump in it's cold
right right now he comes bearing gifts
we are starving and look what he brought
it look I'm at the girls are cuz Taco
Bell I mean because chick-fil-a I knew
it was gonna be closed and I'm like
we're not gonna make it a chick-fil-a
good we want to talk about last time for
you guys thank you yeah with Mia Mia
like Taco Bell yeah I don't think
tomorrow's tomorrow Sunday branch
alright guys see on the flip side get
upstairs
go man Duke and it's dark
Annie honey and we stopped the dog they
never so cute and I love them and I love
them and I love them and we're going to
do the question me today but there we go
okay in my room okay question of the day
so once you're here a flower add 2 rows
tough money the Sun fired oh we love
sometimes okay duh
don't forget to comment down below cuz
we want to know what the day is what is
your favorite flower remember to
celebrate life
based on take baby
thanks for watching
Britt Ailey
