today um Bailey we gonna get this for
you
hey guys it's suddenly at this house and
hmm
me and Molly are just having a mommy and
um we hide out because why do I said
that because and is the bull too and I
don't want to say ghouls night ghouls
night
I mean Sun up because um and is a goal
to me and mommy that the house and any
is that the master and Dale is that
baseball yeah and more fixin some one
mooch I hate this estimate and it has
Nutella in there yeah and I need fresh
strawberries that Mommy has to wash okay
mommy's gonna it Mac so hey guys so I've
got mine
my one ready
and mommy's for keeps hers right yeah
yeah I made some new room for the
laughing mommy and I were gonna just
hang out the house till Annie gets home
and then we're gonna go to that mom
girls night out when it when we go to
come off and then we're gonna meet the
boys for dinner we act now and we are
going to eat at Red Robin Robin and we
are waiting for the boys to get here
they are at baseball and they are going
to meet us here
and while we're waiting just for them to
get here we better shop solitaire is
what's going on Haley just walked
through them all and I told her that she
couldn't walk around with her phone for
her iPod starting on her foot while we
were walking in the mall she said hang
on let me take a selfie
so apparently Haley's walking in the
mall take thinking out look how many
selfies he freakin selfies yep selfie
done in your selfie pose
you did it
it's really taking a selfie over self
they just called you weird but you don't
take copies of yourself oh you don't
need time to take selfies okay it's not
a selfie if you take a picture of me
it's almost Easter time chocolate bunny
maybe her Easter you're gonna talk about
bunny
you want to be a little lamb oh that's a
song I know kind of kind of crooked oh
yeah you're a princess cat with googly
eyes she's looking at herself up in the
mirror I know they both are hey where'd
you come from
found you
that I could Juke you out I cannot be
duped
every day on this is a heavy this
doesn't weigh anything
okay and then this one this one's
heavier okay but we're not eating a Taco
Bell
Red Robin YUM the heavies how much yeah
better this heavy on your neck
we only get this for you
I've always loved to guess America
now coach perfume you have spaghetti
sauce up here
did you eat spaghetti no how'd you get
spaghetti sauce on your I mean I like
that one call it that is called let's
eat it is from Justin we went to justice
and Haley is not big enough for the size
is that justice yet so we went to Cole
and kind of ended up find us some more
stuff wolf you didn't have much luck
finding some things for hate we were
trying to get her some spring a bathing
suits but all we found with some shoes
and the more stuff rat shoes yeah I will
have tried to do that so she's up in the
justice bag they had new gymnastics
things so it had this shirt it's mine
from justice and it goes what goes with
it is not that we all explain that later
this is going to be the tank that goes
under I'm right under it also from
justice and this is another gymnast
gymnastics shirt and it's fun justice
hmm everything in this bag strung up and
listen
shorts that go with this yo stuff and I
can go with this shirt tip and then this
is a cover cover up for babies and we
also have and we have cool flip-flops
with some baby you have this high heat I
play with we have this we have this this
cheetah heart pink
I don't nobody have this colorful you
see me and we had we have this goes with
wear isn't it the this shirt goes with
this one oh yeah
it's not go together oh we did get some
things from justice for Haley not close
see so all you people out there who
think that Haley didn't get me anything
she pick this out and knew we had a
little trip to Claire's
we got these infinity in and then we got
these diamond studs
also with these crosses it was buy two
get one free yet class today and now we
are going on to cold yeah they are 10
shoes from nice they are yellow gray and
pink yes it might they are twinkle toes
that light up with and lightning ready
I got one I got okay
I got to pay it will mean hailey got two
pairs of socks which everyone buy one
get one half off so they were sharing
both oh so and then we have socks for
Kayla
and another bathing suit for me cold so
we went to Kohl's to buy some bathing
suits for hailey but they had like nine
so and then we kind of found this one
here's my size beautiful thank you
mm-hmm so that's it for girls dance
chuckling and now we're going to do the
class today which is what are your
favorite store - ff9 is j u.s
is okay what's yours is mine
target a rget hey don't forget to calm
down below cause we wanna know today is
thanks for watching Britt Haley
