today I'm Batali and we will be watching
scooby-doo vessel medium-high okay so I
can conceive you're planning with
Bradley and we are just about to get her
back and I just found this remote and I
were trying to see if she would do the
same thing Piper and I didn't know where
the carts were so I just have to writing
this checking you later and she was
chasing and then I was to button that I
found the pick and roll it and she did
the same thing bye kiddo
so maybe it's a gift and you're so so I
need to bathe the ride is gonna be our
first time baby your mom he's already
bathed everyone yeah up this on bite
bite I think the camera lens is dirty so
I'm gonna try to clean up me or you can
try to clean it
oh that's much better
it was dirty it lunchy and that you
can't see it now now it's clean that's
beautiful playing boy wasn't it was so
embarrassing I've okay
let's get rid ma the worst plan I've
ever had Hey yeah you're not allowed to
climb up on the bed by yourself holding
her oh nice oh okay shut it machine all
right don't let her fall
I um excuse me Haley what is this static
didn't take your nan thirsty self now
and throw it in the trash I three shins
nip regions most people only have 2
shens I have one too ha ha
Haley does this just kind of like this
let me push and pANSA Oh Haitian we're
not this is not fun damn it really
embarrassed you in a stuffed animal
doesn't have clothes on yeah that's why
I get rolling bears petting my dogs
really oh yeah I have any clothes on
let's embarrass him oh my god no kidding
all right let's see if this crew can
give the puppy a bath all by themselves
let's make Piper wants to help no all
right ha ha good man
you shall be punished she's like oh my
kid you shall be punished what's the
punishment for being weird
I just need sure that is the puppy throw
come back I just need Ripa on a cruise
Oh for being weird hey hey what's the
punishment for being loud he cruises
alright let's go then don't let her out
all right I think that's enough water ok
I always good
or do it that way up all right she wet
enough you know cuz I think that's
enough water
yeah have one okay now do we get scored
on the well we want her a little Wu just
put it all over
yeah I know Piper wants to play no we're
not playing a game Piper you're next
is that good yeah that's probably plenty
oh she's thirsty don't let her drink the
water winces that's it getting three
massages oh good girl Piper Piper is
healthy she's looking down like I'm out
of here
young now when you guys drain the water
and start rinsing you got a rents back
she will get shivery and Cole yeah
now can you get her under her belly get
her belly
ahh why didn't you get her paws okay Bob
let's get your towels somebody lift her
up and then the other purple you're a
dunker 10 mmm-hmm lift her up okay so we
rents are off okay drain the water
Callaghan pull that thing up good oh I'm
not getting out yet why yeah I guess
then I get the warm water on again not
too hot not too cold and rents are
forget Paul come on honor he's right
hey guys it's a very clearly horse
turned up we let the dogs out together
and this is really I'm different because
the big one is not she sings the little
one know when one is facing the big dogs
well not Piper was being really gentle
but now it looks like she's getting kind
of rough Piper
easy whoo she just barked at you Riley
was chasing Piper a second ago now
Riley's acting like a little tiny victim
yeah I want everybody to feel sorry for
me on YouTube
I don't want to show how I bite Piper's
cheeks all right are you too much ready
to go inside Oh slow down tight star
Piper don't hit her with your big ol
noggin goodness gracious
good big ol noggin that was fun that's
enough for today
so today winding on to the residential
so like I said our day is blinding turn
end
but the good thing is we are going to be
doing one of my favorite family
activities and you try to do it every
week
it is family we try to do it every week
or sometimes we don't do
every week but today we haven't we
haven't done in a long time so today we
are going to be what do a family movie
night and we will be watching scooby-doo
WrestleMania mystery the original movie
yet how like Velma a little bit so
what's really cool about this movies we
just did a BKB for WWE slam city and WWE
decided to give us this movie because
they thought we were gonna enjoy and
what's there not to enjoy about you
happy yeah no oh why sure if you do we
do where are you we got some what Jim
now so normally on a family movie night
night we just make some popcorn and have
some drinks but hey why don't you get
the popcorn
um containers out Haley there should be
under here movie night popcorn
containers alright everybody's got a job
- alright everything we need for a movie
night
popcorns Danny are you gonna watch the
movie are you gonna play on your phone
trying to look for a cute picture of me
goobers necks good dark in here but I
guess that'll be good for a movie
anybody want a blanket yeah what
happened
with plastic yeah yeah we good because
where are you sitting
Oh Wyatt catch cut over there and watch
some movies but that were your setting
my fav Oh spot alright who's ready ready
to push play I don't know what button to
fish it's not working mark push the
yellow button do you remember you used
to say that OOP I stepped on a puppy
maybe nope that was rude not even
filming anything right now because I'm
trying to get this to go hot buddy Caleb
so then we just discovered why the
remote wasn't working
that's right who stole the back did you
use these for the Wii Remote or for the
mouse on the computer
neither where were you the day the
batteries went missing out of the remote
I don't know well I don't believe you
management is do Pat popcorn poured all
over yeah right all right we'll just do
it the old lazy non lazy way sorry and
actually pushed the button the play
button oh my gosh I know that just
happened
yep don't have to use the remote we just
got done with a movie and we really
enjoyed it
two thumbs up and um we'll put a match I
guess say we're favorite part ways and
let's do that
Annie oh hi we're well is Alma good
and in friends like oh what's wrong mine
one when she said oh oh
what was it um hmm don't have her ever
saying that mmm like when she said oh
hey no you can't think of my favorite
part that's okay
my favorite part was like when they were
doing yeah wait when Shaggy and Scooby
were doing them when they're getting
trained and they kept failing does my
part
what is the one way yeah I'll get single
it's not okay you don't to think of one
I know it looks good boom the scooby-doo
movie is out you should definitely go
check it out because it is a very good
movie and now it's time for the question
of the day which is who is your favorite
Scooby Doo can't you know I just called
Scooby Doo right but I'll put a big all
cuz I was including you save a Scooby
Doo okay who is it parents good morning
guys
mine is that me mine
Oh mystery car good fine Scooby don't
forget to comment down below cuz we're
gonna rouse a question that is with
raising Widger let's go sergeant
slaughter like Zowie there's Jerry the
King Lawler and Jimmy Hart
