time for Kaylee so hey guys I'm sorry
let me do that I am making something my
little teeny puppy is gonna be right
back and it's gonna be the petal and
putting stepmom in it so it will feel
like a palace for who how are you got
her name wait Kylie hey Riley so Hayley
just came to the bathroom while I was
getting ready for the day and oh hi
Piper and asked where those things I
used to wash my face yeah cotton balls
but she didn't know what they were
called so and she said she needs to make
Riley a pillow so she's got lat Kylie
hearse and she shoved cotton balls in
there yeah get these out now you know
you're gonna have to watch Riley with
that she'll pull all those cotton balls
out no I'm doing this oh you're gonna
close it where is it Riley
Miley's be the key I get so umpires
trying to get her out of her cage what's
going on pipe are you trying to get that
puppy out Oh Caleb play Mario Kart hey
Riley hey pie pie pie Lee its Piper and
Riley
Piper still wants to play a little rough
with Riley she's definitely getting
better Piper is hitting better but when
we're not watching them really closely
to have to be set
raided daddy's home oh yeah your daddy's
home
no go say hi Piper be gentle
Piper be gentle
Wow you were thirsty hi I'm the
canceling woman Jimmy um flip somebody
hold baby hi baby
we also called this mutt okay guys can
share up the end so muddy you get one
end you're good run in no Piper this is
your in my not sure in big enough for
both of you this is doing toute Oh Piper
Oh daddy's on the floor let's go play
you slipped off the couch he does not
have well she was sliding off the couch
oh no she might hurt her bud will push
you off the couch if you hurt your
bottom but I won't I'll land on my feet
okay
goodbye she's like my home don't record
me nervous rattling why you're doing
really well
today I'll add some music
nice job all right let's hear it
no washing yet
yeah yeah yep perfect ending I was
holding it in I was holding it is that's
like good to the end that was really
good though did you mess up absolutely
Bank it Piper blackballed a battle down
a little Piper you gotta have gentle
feet you big klutz Piper you're gonna
get tangled up in that chair
look she's backing up beep beep Piper I
don't think she went to play with you
come here Riley let me rescue the puppy
hello
come here good sit settle down let me
pick you up wanna be rescued ahh that
better
hey guys so I'm eating a strawberry for
starboard and Kayla bring on my heart
what I can carve a bezoar puppy dog
honey hey you ready you're ready for
this
ready lineup break
mmm now I'm gonna save me I'm gonna save
myself
right
I miss Vanessa
let's show hey you're not supposed to be
in me this is a room for superheroes no
kidding but that is really the person
today which is what who I mean not what
who is your hero and why my hero would
be Annie my sister because one day I was
in a wave pool and I was drowning and to
see you do the show yeah so that's my
hand
calm down low because we want another
question today is who's your head oh
yeah I see you tomorrow
gotta play Macker hey guys so today is
what your favor here and yeah guys a
special day hey hey don't Google put the
camera up to that so mine would be daddy
has one x on the student set and I'm
going cricket and I'm just back full and
she catches me so yeah bye see you
tomorrow don't get pumped I'm lip kiss
me right now the question today with you
what your um super I mean Bobby okay so
I just got back from gymnastics
and um they ordered pizza while I was
gone so I'm eating that and I'm going to
do the question today but look thank you
going on behind you what's going on back
here girls
Oh Riley's got a Lalaloopsy you don't
want him anymore
yeah why are you guys playing in Piper's
cage the seven bigger while Annie
sinking of her answer will get a little
bit of doggy footage junkie Piper are
you being sweet
Piper let Riley come through back to
Annie it's between two hey daddy
this is really me I'm not in this
equation still having thought of one
look and um your left hand
Myra your left good your hands behind
your back to the side who your hero is
all right why
Gabby Douglas and why daddy why are they
you're here
because while you're growling uh-huh and
then get down please
just domestic and she won the holiday so
don't forget to comment down below
because we want to know the question
today is who's your hero and one by
potato baked potato baby thanks for
watching Britt Ailey
