today on the Paley my gosh are you
serious yes her favorite ball high for
Kayleigh hey guys so two beautiful day
out and Annie and Caleb she's going to
play with that now okay was walking up
and we are eating skinny now they're so
good and even young and we are gonna go
shrimp lean and show you our tracks
focus camera
everybody do the paper everybody
whoa everybody zip the zipper
everybody zip it really she almost blew
off and broke
everybody everybody everybody wake up
I'm dead people crank your keep
everybody left Piper on want to go
surprise the girls they don't know
you're coming out well we got one happy
Hayley furthers crazy kids doing whoa
what's that crazy dog doing all right
you got oh bomb Piper whoa what is going
on over there you okay dude he she stole
your ball what game are you guys playing
what game what game are you playing that
doesn't sound safe
that is not safe is it Aiden daddy told
me that we had baseball and I wasn't
thinking it but I mean I did almost give
it away but I say I didn't know wait so
pretty much this is what happened daddy
comes home his uniform they quickly says
we have to go to baseball and I'm like
but it's money time we had him on
Tuesday okay I was fine with it and then
um and then I asked what's outside he
says inside and your private lessons
which last time I got a mixed up so that
was totally believable then I get in the
car and daddy says you like this so
we're really not gonna be I was like
what how like where do we go I you he's
like oh we're gonna look at a French
Bulldog and I asked him mommy knew and
they're just really good at acting
really excited that
seven go to baseball we're looking at
dogs
that were actually might really get a
dog a french-american fridge are they
gonna say can I sleep on no how can I
say no you can't simple no so they
usually French French no no so we just
stopped with the bank just to make sure
we had money so if we do get them then
we'll be prepared because it would be
really bad if we wanted to get him hurt
I I said him her and then we had to
drive to the bank and then back to the
place like we had to do last time
hi decide never mind
anyways so yeah that's what we're doing
right now and see you a little bit so we
just got the donkey who goes cute cheese
and I can't wait for the girls to see
you what are we gonna name her I think I
don't know we have to decide YouTube
people what should we name her what she
gets
kitty free kisses
that so up Shuchi she's not she's
not like natural bulldog face but she's
still definitely really cute so weird
hate is your room and she's
straightening it up before we go to bed
doesn't really look like it but she was
hmm and I'm going to wrap up the washing
today roll the clip - isn't hi my name
is Annie I'm 9 years old and the I think
the question of the day should be what
is the best surprise that anyone could
give you thank you
toys that would Haley think of toys Oh
daddy and Kayla are finally home from
baseball ok well there's something the
best surprise that anybody could ever
give you
this is my best
what we just got a new doggie
what what's the best of rise anybody can
ever give you you or not
you better kidding no okay Annie what's
up that surprise that anybody get
evergreen oh my gosh are you serious yes
we're in a purple no take it back are
you ready I had to drive three hours to
the place no really yeah we go home oh
yeah yeah I don't know I've not met her
you like it's a girl yes we have a good
job even though I did a bulldog oh my
god watch a little orange leave eyebrow
I like this thing
Oh can I hold him yeah yeah they had no
idea did you find that out from the
street and I thought the daddy was just
bringing bringing a dog that he found
off the street and this is not real
place she's got a blankie c-cut kind in
English Caleb didn't know until a couple
hours ago
oh oh this dog oh my
Piper smell there yeah well I'd heard oh
well this room is too messy we were
trying to clean it be careful hyper good
Piper
hi good hey the baby Piper system wait
howhow long what's it what's all this
mess is your birthday
Piper easy you're gonna have to be watch
King you guys are gonna have to not
leave excited Piper is so excited show
fall on the bed just like they didn't
get her and see what her name should be
yeah we haven't named you guys discuss
that at all on the way home I need your
major what Riley be careful Piper's
right there yeah we don't have a name
for her yet no let her go find me good
until I don't even got to relieve you we
haven't named her yet what are we gonna
do he's near Buttercup buttercup suck it
up buttercup she okay - I'm okay to show
you 2.0 Riley I like Riley TJ thank you
Hodge bro I know we have not go forget
about our box yeah guys like Riley am I
dreaming
oh my gosh my head just can't I don't
feel like this is we don't get now the
question of the day is going to be what
should our da our new dark name be
taalib suggested Riley and we all really
like want to leave oh my gosh
let's let him let lets let's let her
wrap a walk around on the bed but if you
guys have some suggestions we will
consider them so we really consider the
grounds yeah I like it we're gonna
really consider it how are she peeing in
a bed how'd you pian EgyptAir sleepless
me I don't know where she's really yeah
meet her but eventually she can probably
sleep with you I just don't know about
tonight the first night she might know
she's a French Bulldog like Toshi my oh
I know she still don't think it's real
this the best surprise ever given you
they were they were both that was a
question of the day and they were like I
don't know this is a heart
one and then you guys walking with a dog
I'm like why did you do that you're like
say hello to your new dog I'm like nah
baked potato
baby
thanks for watching
great daily
