good morning Toronto and the rest of the
world it's not 4:00 in the morning maybe
your brain thinks it's 4:00 in the
morning it's 7:40 for local time we've
got breakfast and Annie just got out of
the shower
hailey literally just got out of bed
plopped her in front of food that's what
she likes to do and I want to show you
guys something if you come look over
here did you guys notice anything what
do you guys see come look I don't think
I have ever in my whole 37 years seen
snow in November I don't think I've ever
been anywhere that had snow in November
maybe but I don't recall 32 degrees it
was 19 when I checked this morning they
said they brought everything for you
that you'll need today but I brought
some stuff too like we're going outside
today I don't know exactly where we're
filming do they know I think most of the
stuff is inside but I think you have to
walk from no I think we might be in a
barn but I think everything's heat
heated yeah I'm sorry I can't say my
lines because my mouth is frozen shut
all right so we are leaving here in
about 45 minutes
our Rob our Rob will be picking us up no
but you can blow-dry your hair because
listen a lot of times we go out of the
out with wet hair you cannot go without
wet hair today the it has to be
blow-dried dry sometimes we just blow
dry the top here so
start rubbing that and then go find a
blow dryer
how are those pancakes best pancakes
you've ever had little bacon and a
little chocolate milk Annie got oatmeal
and fruit
I got you oatmeal what since when do you
say no to oatmeal just right the second
I say you don't meal and there's gonna
be pancakes left in fact there's
pancakes left because Haley just got in
the bed with bacon there's plenty of
hand cakes for you okay we're getting
our day started see you in a little bit
bye are you gonna be doing that next
she's asleep
jealous
so when our faces hit the cold getting
in the car it was definitely
below freezing actually
and I always forget that they do degrees
in Celsius here incense
you're gonna think you're gonna get sick
or is it you were starting to sound
better
please we're on our way
a little bit more of
out of Toronto I guess Ontario
okay we just got to the farm farm I was
right over here in the dressing room
otherwise known as the washroom
otherwise known as the bathroom
otherwise known as the restroom
and I'm gonna help me any changes it's
so cold outside so Vanessa our wonderful
lady brought so many layers of her to
put it I don't know if I can say what
we're doing today okay
there's I can say what we're doing
because there was like extra no there's
an extra part that I won't say lady yeah
you're doing yoga that's we can say
you're doing yoga but there's a twist to
it and that's all we're gonna say but
it's cold out and so she's gonna be
layered and it's outside obviously
because if it was inside we would not be
to worry because it's so warm in here
okay so stay tuned to see this beautiful
property but I'm gonna help Anna get
dressed if you've been watching Inez
blow I could you know what that means
hey girl you want to introduce us to
your friend well like it's easy she got
to ride with us and we're going to get
some lunch because we are wrapped at the
first spot right Annie how is the
weather today so I'm texting potatoes
very cold yes it was like literally
freezing num-num feet and fingers but we
survived although these two didn't seem
to complain once about the cold she's
convinced she's allergic
it was really cool yes you have to wear
shoes it's not like Malibu it's not like
Malibu not the beach
but you did it
we're all hungry
and take your time it's fine
no one wants to go anywhere the snug
very snug oh there's the group the big
group they're over there I'm complete
yeah it was delicious and now we're
heading back to the studio
I've got a couple things to film right
some voiceovers and whatnot and then
tomorrow this little thing miss Hailey's
doing some videos right
you're gonna be on Savi tomorrow you're
filming some videos today she had the
day off we're gonna jump into the van
they've got an hour drive back and then
some more work and then we're going to
sleep that's the plan right hotel sleep
sleep wake up and do it all over again
wait you're gonna sleep you're gonna
edit after you sleep back we've got her
we're taking her with us to set we're
gonna have a little road trip back
everybody buckled
check check check check or four checks
and then
I'm not gonna sleep on the couch
the couch on set oh just gonna count Joe
but we could just take a little town
called Newcastle where the Icicle the
bots of this part from the bottom of her
yeah he's so cool how cold of those guys
we made it back to set after sitting in
traffic for a really long time
Annie is back in hair and makeup on
these two more spinning who's room are
we on Spencer's room hey there's taya
and Sarah's rooms over there yeah you
good yeah that's perfect
wow you're small
jeez what do you have Hayley in your
hand you think well you would be weird
or wrong not sure which one yes orange
what do you have is he snacks after your
usual huh Hayley usually goes for the
sugar
we're wrapped and we're complaining that
it's dark cold and dark where's Haley by
anyone say goodbye cuz I'm so cold I
feel so rude sometimes when you're cold
rudeness sounds similar here we go what
a while it really wasn't gonna be that
bad of a day it was super fun but it was
super cold yeah so in that spirit Haley
has ordered some french onion soup for
dinner anniebanany what are you doing
over there what were you doing yeah I
got a charger right there but you gotta
plug it in and he got the wings
last night Haley got the wings tonight
handy guy i believe you guys traded last
night she gave you a bite and you gave
her a bite what okay so where it's gonna
have a nice relaxing evening in because
it was way too cold to go walk anywhere
for dinner so it doesn't sound like
we're gonna have a Toronto Toronto
Toronto what however you say it
experience this time I lost my train of
thought
I thought train just disappeared we're
not gonna venture out at this time
because tomorrow we pretty much leave as
soon as we wrap tomorrow Haley's filming
some scenes with Annie which is very
exciting
glad she could join us on this trip and
we leave they're gonna come bring us to
the hotel real quick we're gonna grab
our bags and head to the airport if
we're going home tomorrow
but so tomorrow night when won't be
eating here either you're excited for
tomorrow I don't only give him any hints
I do but Annie will yell at me can I
just tell her what like what kind of
segment gel are filming there's nothing
to give away we won't tell them what
just so that they have something to stay
tuned for and they can go watch these
episodes when they come out please look
at me asking just like what kind of
segment it is okay it's a cooking
segment I didn't say what you guys were
cooking how many things you're cooking
just that it's a cooking segment and
you're filming that tomorrow and Haley
loves to cook so you guys should
definitely when these episodes come out
I think they're gonna be in different
episodes these segments that she's
filming me are good so we'll let you
know it's actually you know what I
learned today I thought it was coming
out what are you doing spinning behind
the curtain I thought your season of
savvy was coming out in December but I
think they said it's coming out at the
end of November that's this month I'm so
excited
like a lot more like I think you're in
every episode not just like the intros
they just had to have like we explained
this the other day they she just did the
intros and outros for it like she hosted
kind of you're like hosted I lost them
but that's okay you guys know the deal
so you guys can go binge watch all of
season one and get to know the other
girls and then season two will be out
soon and Annie got to do a lot of fun
things this season things that she's
depth like today I can't wait we can
post about what you did today on the car
you weren't even out there when she did
it it was hilarious it was something I
have never ever ever heard of before
and you drink all the time and I help
your drink for the water it was funny
and cute
here open it was open you guys are a
mess
so that's the update this evening I'm
gonna help Annie drink her water okay we
don't laugh don't laugh try not to laugh
no I talk too much
okay anyways we'll be back with the
question of the day when everybody's
teeth are brushed and pajamas are on and
all that okay welcome today is what is
your favorite song ordinary Girl plugs
like blood blood blood blood blood blood
minds boy by Lee bright minds and its
appeal and my grow by I'm not sure minds
meant to be don't forget to comment down
below these do you want to know the
question of their is what is your
favorite song by also like purpose by
Justin Bieber cabeza to celebrate life
based on data baby
thanks for watching
for tailee
