today I'm preparing hello ladies and
gentlemen welcome to the old submit' top
spinning champion I'm having some snack
it's vanilla whey forth and milk
what does that one doing in there so
just hanging out hanging around and Oh
Aidan's got a dog toy how fun ah don't
you eat that now oh we need to get some
baby toys don't eat this let's go find
you something else this is what's going
on Aidan's playing with dog toys Haley's
eating a snack daddy hasn't gone that's
a little disconcerting it is not a real
gun it's not aimed at you and it's not a
real gun but I don't really realize why
we have it out spring its spring what
does that mean
what happened she got scared oh it's a
rainy spring day
Piper run ate and run he's got good you
want my camera hey you think you're
going out there hey you're not come on
open it for me no it's not a real gun
what are you doing you're gonna break my
camera hey hey let's get over here so we
don't get all this mess that's an
embarrassing mess this is what you call
a mess Aidan
let's not have that in our background
come on let's go where the house is
clean Oh
cleaning house okay want to Easy Bake
Oven spatula hey this is just showing me
that we don't have any baby toys really
let's go bring some baby toys up
you just spank the dog with that really
maybe that's what she thinks maybe no
one told her that that's a race and you
want to win the race so who's in 12
who's in first
Oh bullet she can just like tender those
bullets a game she might be able to win
this but I mean I like it all right
Oh Jonah just texted me and he's home
and so um we're about to go meet up
online and Skype and do a video so go to
the computer Haley can you please get
off I gotta go
good a video thank you thank you okay so
we're gonna do that and yeah we're gonna
do that and just shut down my channel so
you can see will eat you engage and done
and yeah Jeff you don't know what you
probably should know is from kittiesmama
and he his eleven years old and he's
funny very funny we Skype together and
we make videos and stuff like that and
my channel if you didn't know it's
blazing outlaws so go check it out and
watch the videos we've already done one
with him so yeah so I was just talking
to Joan on iMessage and he told me that
Emma was filming so we can't Skype right
this moment so we've gotta be quiet
here no
what's everybody
I like ya scared me
they sorry to your mother
you gotta put that in right I'll have to
review the footage welcome to the old
submit top spinning championship in this
red corner we have here we have my dad
and it'll uh clearly have myself anyway
so here we go now my dad is like this is
the ultimate champion in five years in a
row so let's see we lose it Wow here we
go get the chopper ready
I got Sami we're ready to order all
right set dope
Oh interferences and turns out it didn't
symptoms yeah we don't want the car to
interfere no car and or fair right I
don't want my treatment could be taken
away daddy gave that car right up you
serious about this you're just uh-oh
looks like it's slowing down
will we be able to your last our second
whoo this is very serious this gentleman
let's see what he can do here stopped
not running ladies now all right 45
seconds Wow hold on cuz I hear something
there we go got wait for those no wait
I'm Selena no camera I have to go be
serious about his job - okay now I'm
sorry myself I mean actually is neither
dances I stink at this
but I am in the championships since
there are only two people daddy's a
cheater for real it was coming way off
the table already right ready what do
you think of that spectator and I have
to say hey I'm talking to Hayley what's
your commentator commentator I mean
what's your coming your baked potato
from here come here baked potato okay
but can I be
no what are you at I don't know 2600 you
want to try it see how fast you can
because I have to go scared oh my gosh
I'm so excited he's I just got dropped
off of gymnastics and I Bonnie told me
and she can't got me surprised and we
are going over to Sydney's room here in
the car heading over now
wrong way we're on on the way this give
me pass we're on the way we're on the
way I like to Sydney towel you know
Papua isn't saying that do you think
we're on the way wrong way wrong way to
nuts
Nani's house oh my gosh Caleb hidden
camera hidden cameras me today he scared
me bring me he's set up a camera this
camera on the counter I didn't know it
was going and I was doing the dishes
mine of my own business and he snuck up
behind me and tickled me on my side so I
say and I yelled at him don't do that or
something like that and then he's like I
got it on camera and then I laugh told
him to associate it don't know that
Taylor who does that let me turn the
camera off
so we just got back from Sydney's house
really tired but we got to watch your
movie you're exhausted because it is to
watch the movie and then it got me tired
so you had to come home because I should
do it no it's getting grumpy so now we
are at home in my hands or really
hurting from today's practice so I'm
going to put some vitamin E skin care
cream oil thingy hmm on my hand and then
put him myself
it helps your at least hopefully
Oh Thurston no shouldn't sting sting
okay you're just gonna stick it in the
sock I could just start picking out
flora music here's my coach said that um
I can start picking up my floor music
because I'm going to move up we'll try
to move up hmm and I forgot that I had B
socks on but luckily it what it works
okay what did I do
tamo site that you can buy for our music
is also off of its inner gem music what
are you thinking that you want for a
song no no I'm just gonna look all that
jazz and see what this is
come on this is it
musical Chicago
all right well you have fun looking at
for music so I'm all set for bed
hello did you love that movie
now thanks for watching
Brit Haley
