time for Kayleigh okay later on today we
have guests coming over you have to wait
to see what kind of lover you think it
come hosters okay so the other thing
that it's the first snow of spring
pretty sure it's not supposed to snow
and spray but it's snowing why mother
hey let's go look at it it's hard to see
that is it sure is snowing look else
know you're here
Hey look a jerk hey whoa don't do that
don't look at our daddy's hair look - oh
gods no honor
let's see later bye oh she heard you she
doesn't mean you you're not a mud so
we're game the guest room
ready for the supplies guest and
forgotten vacuum an okay how do you turn
this thing on the first step is to come
over here and step on this right right
each Haley had a vacuum yep well I found
the guy when I hold it and then you turn
this on and this well just that one
because that one's already on push this
button right here
got for the credit card I'll bump it
Piper got a bandana when you say that's
the doggie hotel are you already done
yeah you know what I smell Toshi oh I
miss you Toshi but I don't miss your
stink this vacuum is I think is gonna
forever smell like Toshi even after this
many months how do you drive this thing
how do you drive it back up no not like
that
like come backwards back up your feet
there you go turn it back on you can
keep it running
you
knew that vacuuming could be so much fun
I know why do you keep turning it off
because I want people to you make oh
you're afraid I can't hear you I think
you're loud enough that we can hear you
I'm excuse us do you think our surprise
guest is going to want you on their bed
oh okay
hey dog excuse us
can you get down hello coffee room that
ball Tony can I have it can I get you
off the bed yeah yeah yeah come on come
on
wait oh my here goes go on out yeah
alright can I finish it looking at her
II gotta go to the airport soon you
might
you fight your bad get off the pillows
and our surprise guest are they here yet
yeah surprise guests will be on the
ground in about 10 minutes wow they're
in the air he she they it we them going
up come on up hmm
okay go away snow it is spring snow it's
still coming down pretty steady it's not
sticking
like um a thing that has to walk for you
but now you go up for you
Oh
yeah
yeah
Airport yeah
is really cool set bitch I'm gonna slide
on it
okay
wouldn't it be that cool things are that
easy to climb up we're going to do with
students up if I film up it looks like
you're climbing up pull pull up that
ladder don't let go a li know up here
right
all right try again our camera angles
all we're going to try you ready take to
culminate leave
a week
don't foul
I do the one climbing up a bench
the prize yes it is
Hayden came on a plane to see us I do
don't you think
play my bat good huh le Cygnus was it
good
yeah you and your mama have a good time
were you always doing this were you a
good boy look you wanted to look at me
because he's looking at you okay
last time we saw you you were a little
tiny little guy now you're big and
you've got big shoes utiful and she's
like these with your pink and Grandma
like
yeah he's got it he understands you he
understands you oh he's talking to know
how he's like dude I'm almost a year old
show us your teeth how many teeth do you
have it's okay hey oh you wanna call oh
you want me better oh do on the camera
or my hand oh you want your glasses
don't let him get always got him man
yeah yeah the lazy I know that you can't
get out yet he's like you let me out you
want you to pick them up or give you a
glass to glass
oh I pick enough I know oh now you're
going to make them cry so we're in
trouble
we gotta find him something he can have
this little man has been walking since
he was nine months old he's a pro by now
because you're almost a year old next
month
your birthday's coming up
you're heading for the door you ready to
go you have to wait a long you ready to
go bye-bye
Oh what you got you cook ball we like
your jammies sing then and a minimun
yeah so we're here Aidan we're going to
the question of the day I'd roll the
clock Gaddafi heavy tailing in my name
is Catherine and tender Zola I from the
flippies the question today should be
what is your favorite chips - lace
favorite chip chips are original lays
nine on baked potato chips good throat a
corona body mine arterials what's your
favorite chip what's your favorite tip
Aiden you say bye bye say bye see you
tomorrow he's like where we going wait
now I've always got it already has your
saliva on that fast Danny you don't want
to back after saliva Zahn it don't let
him get those coins he'll put him in the
mouth Mitel no not the buck golly they
won't let you have anything you're
scared huh Piper's been pretty good
we got a full house Annie we have a full
house Annie's favorite show right now is
full hell man Kim of course it is Oh me
I can't hold him Fanny so worried you're
doing a good job keeping Piper away from
him you get a little one you holding no
we can't have a coin no one's keeping
Viper work through that
baked potato baked potato baby thanks
for watching
Britt Ailey
