time for makayley typical Haley he's
asleep in the car again
Haley no I guess it wasn't asleep did
you think she was asleep Annie no you
just look though she goes back to sleep
oh we scare skin anyways we are here at
our target and we are going to get some
travel items for Haley I forgot where
we're going
can you yup I can't wait to be my New
York accident no I think you are gonna
have a rude awakening when you realize
that people in New York don't talk like
that
you only do they go see my yoga action
guys and all the people in New York are
probably like so angry wait just just
I'm gonna throw it out your guys um many
of you vomited
does he really think that's isn't it
that's what New York people sound like
and the answer is no I just made it up
and to be honest how did it even start I
have no idea I don't know who's in the
back yeah I know sitting next to him
well no I was mad but it's some I don't
know I think uh I don't remember why is
oh my gosh before I forget
wait important we were supposed to
announce something yesterday and I
completely forgot to have you guys do it
affordably do wrong maybe unless you
guys remembered and without me I think
we're just did we ever announce the
hashtag that we want to use while we're
in New York that what man II do not know
what a hashtag is yeah when we're it'sa
right that's that can be a food my tummy
she's hot hey cheesecake wait let me get
this straight Annie we were filming the
video of asking people went hashtag we
were gonna use you had no idea what
we're talking about yeah
not all okay I did people like that all
right so what the hashtag kid it's like
footage before I hack someone in a hash
is kind of like uh kind of looks like a
number sign and it kind of means like
what you're doing so like I said someone
in hash so the other day we were going
to Rio de Janeiro and Olivia and Haiti
we're in the car wash and and I say why
do they call it lip stick and they say
because it's a stick a bullet
I heard that conversation they said at
the same time yeah eat it at the same
time because it's a stick of bliss so if
you decide to come into the meeting
green take a picture of you
zai Li and for Taylor uh what you're
gonna use the hashtag will be zai Haley
and me and how do we spell that no I
think it should be zy t 8y l ey a and D
M II know I was just saying how to
suppose that a you know hey and then
hope everything so let's make clear
hashtags i Haley and me you can use that
hashtag
whatever you want if you're heading with
me and great if you're going bye-bye for
the meet and greet if you're at the
meeting great if you're in a hotel like
about to go to the moon jury if you're
staying in the hotel cuz you just got
there
you think people are gonna stay in hotel
Oh baby
I say no no I remembered that one time
just tomorrow
yep all right son guys uh yeah you can
use Thanks Oh cache tags I Haley and me
now let me get you guys you're gonna use
it as you guys meet that no root I'll
not meet that Kayla you guys are gonna
say you is you Amy's hungry yes not you
guys you guys are gonna uses you you
know like you guys are me you guys are
me you guys are gonna use you guys know
you oh my gosh no you guys are gonna use
me I know should I keep this going you
guys are to be used I think that's good
me as I yes I'm gonna use me as you
yes I know they're not give it up Caleb
just use hash tags I Haley and me not me
I don't cache tags Itay me and Caleb use
hash tags i Haley MA and so be hmm I'm a
big open I've a vague a we know that see
not that big you're big oh look yeah and
see me in the camera Oh too big well
horse out gel no just had a gel handle
it's not like the gels
um yeah stored in the brush okay
we are this yes sir squirt - Danny
Annie's informed us that Caleb needs a
brush because he's always coming up to
our bathroom and taking our brush so I
found the perfect dress
okay you see that little black hole
right there Oh
oh let's try it out you can't it's in
plastic and that's why they put things
in plastics for boys like you we try to
bring night we hung out of the best
burgers and legs blacking my huh
don't really brush your hair with it
because then someone's gonna come in
there and someone's hair's gonna be in a
girl sometimes
so which brush do you up okay
really you don't buy them Hello Kitty
one for you would you like an eight so
you were just looking at this mirrors
washing Maya I love that oh here's some
brushes see you could work right here
but what is over it look so quit
brushing your hair with them okay you
bought it no not until we buy it let's
buy it this isn't like a buffer like
Fancy Nancy me nearly so where's my room
and we are getting ready yet we are
getting ready to go to bed and be a very
excite us tomorrow where are we going
really well the where's a club New York
yep we're going to New York New York
tomorrow
come on so we're leaving after
gymnastics tomorrow and it's going to be
a late night very late um I am really
sad for me so the another thing is my
older bed bed um crack wait you I'm glad
my old bed sheet
um what am I trying to say right uh it
broke in half it was like there's this
rip in it at talked or right like right
through the middle but just like a
little tear right here so we got we got
a new one and and it makes my room way
more colorful yeah and it'll convey so
kind of reminds me of reminds me of my
mom's so I'm swimming I'm really excited
that time and now it was time for
question today
well eclipta Jade hybrid Haley my name
is Jade and I'm 16 years old and I'm
from the US and I think the question of
a day should be where is your favorite
place to go out to eat and line is
either Chinese or Mexican so what's
yours fire
my name is
probably Wendy's mine is it wasn't rock
okay all okay so don't forget to comment
down below expiry another cuz of the day
is what's your favorite its what is your
favorite place to go to our restaurant
to get it buys you tomorrow I will the
clip to Caleb hey Miguel appear on
replica Shh the video let's go Saturday
but I am doing this with a excited wrap
it up and relay do the question that
everyone wrapping up here anyways um so
probably just hope you enjoyed the video
and anyways so my favorite place to eat
at is Texas Roadhouse get all the logos
we want another course for the day it is
what is your friend request to eat I
know imma go really fast and I don't
know why but anyways let us look in my
room food by Haley my mother
the angry desk by me the baby by me the
paper by me the door he and move ahead
made by me and muffins Bonnie so like I
said see you guys rose through the next
few days I probably gonna bring some of
our best in videos because we will be at
New York and it's gonna be awesome
see you guys ah
a baked potato baked potato
thanks for watching
Britt Ailey
