today I'm bailing Oh who's that huh oh
my gosh look at that thing what is it oh
it's me hi for me see all of this behind
me that's what we're doing today today
we are sorting laundry I'm getting ready
to go to gymnastics but Wow
I am working for my right we are sorting
laundry because we are getting ready for
our trip to New York so excited and the
other well yesterday after gymnastics I
got a new phone this is mommy's old one
mommy got another a new new one so she
gave me her old one and I had to give
hailey my iPod and at New York I am
planning on getting a new phone case Hey
so now you're going to have to sort
laundry but but at least when I am
looking for some a cute outfit to wear
Toby
yes song
he has a song with his hand hey like
what Furby King like uh-huh he says no
likey Oh what that mean by sounds like
don't put your underwear in the fridge
when I go to Disney World Furby and meet
Minnie can't be bad oh so we're going to
get my glasses and for East policy
do not wake him obey okay
be very careful but he's really loud
what he is oh man I am in weak heart I
am done with gymnastics and I am so
excited because we did Giants on the pit
bar and mommy got one of the rounds you
can't see me I am the one is you duh
honey what I am in all these different
colors
so kind of like little swirls and I had
orange shorts on so if you see a pitch
just look left and I there's bar than I
am doing guidance on just looks great
and it's just in the middle okay way in
the back so I'm really excited about
that
and she also comes out of my beam
routine to the back and bring it in so
there so she found one of that so roll
the clip to those
you
you
so I hope you enjoyed those now I'm
going to go into the question of the day
the pleasure of the day is night arrow
roller climb
hello my name is Emma I'm 13 years old
and I'm from Minnesota I think the
question of the day should be what was
the best moment of your life mine was
winning Global Finals in Knoxville
Tennessee would ya so yeah bye
oh wait I am he was thought about line
probably when we got pipe
what you got Piper I'm so happy and
happy and happy so don't forget to
comment down below see what another one
of the days but its greatest moment that
you remember so roll this clip to pan up
and highlight hey now water good good
I'm pasta you guys can see that weight
in your face that's not water that's
that's chips the dog eating chips how
about get chicks in there give it her
water yes so they're soggy to know then
I taug answer those any water in Haley
hey guys I'm sorry I haven't been on
video a lot today but I've had a lot of
homework and bat work wait I don't have
any bad work don't mind all that but
yeah so um really sorry about that guy
and um anyways so let us talk about
question today which I already forgot
because I am a very good listener
right just that's all you want them to
think
greatest move of my life hmm but
probably be when I hit my home rotten if
you guys hum did not at home run first I
did
so this is what Haley's been doing the
whole day yeah pretty much the whole
whole day home oh ho ho ho ho whole day
can you show me to plan anything
I heard you you're planning something
let's get a doom up on our glasses
what's your fondest four greatest memory
what not gonna tell us oh no tape I know
you gotta turn that down smoking pot
what do you mean a melting pot what do
you mean by smoking pot I make it I was
a fond memory what do you mean what is
your greatest memory I'll leave it at me
what is the greatest memory of your life
and nothing by what do you mean what did
you do that was so great at the melting
bar I'm all right when it was an easy
boy nowhere child when it was it is
birthday and I got the UM chocolate oh
who did that in the chocolate strawberry
chocolate robbers in the chocolate
bananas and chocolate banana that sounds
good Bart that polo hit you it every
game it was me yep why would I do that
oh my gosh hailey pillows they're
hitting you well give you nope Oh No
animals are hidden you know animals are
trying to hit me
now hearts are trying to take you oh so
happens to Stella by hate it it's like
Kelantan monkey um but what it does what
I had to get where it won mm-hmm
it was on you teal where was it we all
wrote it it's I'm pretty sure that was
you yeah eating that one midget listen
let me help you are having dreams oh no
laughs stupid good work Oh Moo your feet
smell bad
Moo those are some bad smelling busy
methods well say bye to the camera
hailey yeah Oh who's that huh oh my gosh
look at that thing what is it oh sorry
nice of you to join us Piper
okay Syd bye she's here again let's
follow her yeah it's dark in here
just starting you tell listeners oh no I
don't know you got five minutes to to
give you a Valentine you gay breakfast
by yep any beats Haley three fattening
and hyper what are you doing in Piper
Thanks oh my god enough I believe in joy
for six minutes
think about it Caleb good Caleb my cam I
know your secret what you went to chapo'
yes the drink and the thingy foil in the
trash can
been discovered or I don't know the one
better get me some Chipotle tomorrow
my baked potato baked potato baby
thanks for watching
Britt Ailey
