today forever on the road again you
better hurry we're leaving to scan your
face okay that one's locked okay so we
are loading the car up as you can see
and we're headed to well everybody what
daddy he's staying here again Toronto
we're gonna film a few extra scenes for
Savi so heavies coming out soon soon
soon soon and Annie is fully in these
episodes season 1 just as a some info
for you season one was already completed
when we joined Savi or when Annie joined
Savi so those episodes had to be
uploaded to YouTube but then Annie
completely filmed season 2 we in the car
or on the plane how long do we leave in
the car like three minutes okay so
everybody's leaving me but anyway so
we're gonna go film a couple voiceovers
and activities with Haley oh she's gonna
ride Haley's gonna be in a couple of
episodes and we've got to go to Toronto
to do it and guess what tomorrow it's
gonna be 20 degrees so we've got jackets
and gloves and beanies all in those bags
there you go Annie so funny
back at it again I know suitcases always
get stuck all momentum forward stops
probably cuz you have so many things in
your other hand
if you just do it like this that might
make it easier
daddy is so silly he dropped us off at
baggage claim so we have to go up I
didn't even realize it because I was
sending him pictures to edit
he wasn't even paying attention because
he was talking it's okay he just dropped
us off at arrivals instead of departures
she's like it's okay cuz I've got an
iPhone ten okay guys so let's go up to
ticketing
okay so we're going to Canada today I
think we already announced that and
Haley is in Canadian spirit she's
showing her Canadian that love and in
pajama pants but you know what who cares
she came downstairs I'm like Ian Haley
you got to get dressed she goes I am so
good okay it's my favorite part huh the
Y terminal D okay yell is our we're back
to our favorite part of the whole of all
of our trips at security and we don't
have boarding passes printed this time
we have them electronically each of us
on our phone yes that's what time we're
boarding flight is 30 minutes after that
so anyway we're gonna try to get through
here with our phones scanning its
military time yeah
well the Navy is part of the military so
she's right and her daddy was in the
middle in the Navy so she probably likes
the Navy the best but we like all
branches
sorry Army and Air Force and Marines we
love you all
anyways so Annie thinks that she's the
expert and she's going to show us all
how to scan these I've only done it once
usually we print them but I couldn't
figure out how to print them for some
reason
we're here we made it not the Canada
films up ahead of yourselves guys we are
just at the gate we got our own little
corner over here it's peaceful it's warm
because the Sun is just kind of beaming
down on us our gates over there though
but we wanted to be over here where we
had the whole spot and these little guys
over there just had a little lunch break
or snack break hey guys you're working
hard out there it's not really that cold
it's supposed to be 20 into 20s tomorrow
in Canada why today it's like in the
forties I think it's very similar to how
it is right here and we're gonna be
outside because I think you're filming
at a farm or a barn is what I heard oh
yeah and I have your scripts do you want
them or you just want them the morning
of
and he likes to just let everything be a
surprise okay so that's your airport
update we'll be on the plane soon it's a
quick flight and we're just gonna settle
in here we are super super super super
early super early we are I think we have
like an hour and a half before we board
yeah we we messed up we got here too
early all right well it's good we can
just sit here and relax here we go
we can fix it when we get on it's two
and two so you guys can sit together
Hey hey stranger keep moving just keep
movin I found myself in the same problem
I had the other day where I can't stop
to turn the camera off or I'll get run
over
just just keep rolling with my bag okay
here we are in the elevator at the hotel
hearing is real up to the 14th where's
the 13 no Valley tech technically we're
on the 13 right dang it way to be all
technical now open
I think we're right here again that's
where we were like we were last time
what was it this floor oh yeah you
already know how do you remember all
that I knocked on the tenth right that
was so scary and embarrassing I knocked
on oh wait are you sure 14:30 I don't
want do this again okay yeah I think we
can
can you guys push the bags on I think we
know that's bed I mean this hotel but I
think oh I don't know can you get the
other bag - oh yeah Hailey's never been
here tradition if this is your first
video and you know that you don't might
not know that we do a hotel tour of
every hotel we've ever stayed in
I don't know when we started but huge
well do we have a whole other room yeah
first we opened this door and pull and
then we go next door and open it up here
you take the keys for this room but we
have to go the other side and open it
there oh
it's like oh let's make sure I just want
to make sure we're going to the right
room that would be scary oh yeah cuz
it's right next time
did you put the right arrow no arrow I
got this nailed it oh my god yeah
oh she's knocking you just reminded me
flashback when we had an adjoining room
and Caleb broke the handle and his face
when it do you remember that elves and
he's holding the handle of the door in
his hand
and we're waiting on slowpoke over here
to open the door up puts our rooms
hearts gather knit door didn't break for
real for Rizal broke the door I'm just
gonna pull it over freaked me out
oh my goodness you're fired I do or can
it be fixed no you fixed it keep till
the next time you open it oh man
I'm reporting you I thought you were
joking - no it's cuz he's such a
jokester I didn't break my door don't
remember think I was in New York yeah so
fancy so fancy you know what I'm gonna
burst your excitement bubble we're gonna
sit down for a little while and do a
little school is it bursted like
seriously thank you you had two bubbles
and one of them popped okay we will eat
and we will do school and then you can
edit and I got a little editing on the
plane that's a good idea we'll eat you
guys sit down to school while I order
and then you guys can do school while I
order the food and then after you can do
some school and I think maybe you guys
should do some school we're gonna have
so much fun doing school yeah lock it
all up right next to it in case you want
to gossip while you're on the phone hey
and a shower we always like hotels that
have a shower I mean with a bath because
it makes thanks for having so Hayley can
wash our hair easier and that's just the
same over here this is the one we this
is very similar to the one we stayed in
last time okay you guys they're gonna do
school and I'm gonna order food Hailey's
reading a new book because her computer
is updating and Annie is doing some
science and the science is beating her
right now but she is going beat science
today she's going to write science
beating you up
mm-hmm oh oh it's done update company
the food right now was out the door
the food's here took seriously somebody
just not do you don't have to read the
book why you eat what's it called
no her computer was updating okay your
computer's done but I'm gonna let you
eat first
Haley ordered the wing we have today I
haven't had a steak in a long time Oh
believe or not I saw him he opened them
for me so I know it
hopefully we're not making you super
hungry but if you've already ate super
or super like oh I can't look at food
right now cuz I'm so full comment down
below which one you are
yeah and Annie's burger
what dick enough you need to cover
yourself without they're gonna do make a
little bib Annie I can't help you cuz
I'm too hungry to even think right now
but maybe maybe after I eat I can help
you with carbon dioxide or you can
FaceTime daddy
yes Haley I'm gonna help you because if
you open it a little bit more and Haley
who is supposed to get her pip-pip
I wanted pin you did they don't have
head what you got water they don't have
Pibb there you go
dig in okay gather round everybody I
have a surprise for you
what music video ordinary Girl
no yes final cut it's ready it's ready
you can tell we get to watch it and then
the big surprises it's out right now
because we're gonna do a two-day
countdown - by the time they see this by
the time they see this they can go watch
links will be provided they can they've
already heard it so they can hear it
they've heard the song you can buy it on
iTunes also or listen to it on spot
Spotify or any other place utilise
listen to music I think we got it all
covered so this isn't world premiere go
check it out on Annie's channel how do
you feel like scared you saw the first
cut or is this the first to think time
you're watching it first time I saw the
first cut yeah all right we'll go bet
we'll be back when we get this working
and you can see her reaction and then
you can go watch click on the link and
go watch first original look at her
she's like stepped on update we are
downloading the music video because if
it wouldn't work on my phone and on my
computer here the Internet's pretty slow
so we're doing a dance party and just in
case you haven't heard Annie's song
we're using any song because it's not
cut
I did 90 on your quiz oh I got four
questions dry on 40 bucks
good you ready for a little phrase dance
I'll be rates I'm proud of you two are
you ready for freeze dance focus it's a
dance break no you did not do a week cuz
I read a book and did some school but
you didn't finish school
ready
all right that was fun
we still have 14 minutes until this
downloads and we can react like that
forever
all right Haley has to get back to
school no let her come in bring her to
her computer bring her to her computer
stop saying fight me
sounds like bite me
she thinks she's tough do you love it
love do you feel accomplished you looked
at me crazy when I said love I'm just
repeating you I love it I love how it
turned out
look what do you think hey yeah yeah
thumbs up
Haley's got a couple parts in it and I
really think we should do that DIY yeah
you just do a video on it never have to
stay tuned well I gave him a little
sneak peek kind of in the vlog you did
mm maybe every day they like when I
spill the beans I promise I asked all of
them every single five we chat yeah so
guys that was so neat to have Annie's
first original music video Haley you
think you got you want to do something
like this
don't never know if she's serious or not
Haley alright guys so right now it is
6:30 3:00 p.m. put that on the phone
six no that's how you do things okay and
we so the links are gonna get dessert at
8:33 p.m. maybe why because we want to
help please 833 I don't know why she's
being so specific go click on the link
I'm leaving and go watch the music video
and then come back and tell us on no no
no don't tell us on this video comment
on the music video that the vlog sent
you and then we can find out if where
the views come from that's kind of cool
could I like analytics so if you are
watching this and you go watch the music
video from here comment the vlog I see
you the vlog sent me and yes she's
editing she's doing school I'm gonna go
watch the music video about a million
more times and we're gonna put a topic
countdown up we're gonna do a two day
countdown we said we would get it up to
up for you as soon as possible so we're
gonna do a short countdown this time and
we'll be back later okay papa we order
the that Italy we ordered the dessert
it's not here yet but it's fine how long
did they say 30 minutes or less but I
bet it'd only take like 15
oh what's the question of yours favorite
desserts oh my gosh it's a good question
of the day
oh okay and my favorite dessert is ice
cream plain and simple I like chocolate
cake like chocolate lava cake and I'm I
ordered that so Danny probably like just
a regular brownie with ice cream on top
much hail I'm editing boom he's editing
and Oh a special treat her sizzle what
is on top that sugar totally sugar they
didn't have my oh stop they didn't have
my lemon I ordered good anything could
you see my bottom lip stuck out fine
good news all right well they're gonna
enjoy this food and we're gonna sign off
because I have a little bit of a
headache I just want to lay down yeah
that is right and I just want to lay
down and this hotel room does not have
great light and it makes me really sad
and I'm just gonna go lay down on the
bed and they're gonna eat their dessert
and we're gonna see you tomorrow love
you guys and stay tuned to for some
behind the scenes footage of what I can
film a forest we're excited for savvy
that come out I think it comes out next
month okay yeah so okay bye see you
later
boo the lights better that's way bye
guys celebrate
babe I thanks for watching
Britt Ailee
