hey guys welcome to patchouli newsdesk
have you ever heard the myth that you
can't crush an egg in your hand well
we're here today to see if you can or
can't crush an egg in your hand so Annie
if you take an egg and you squeeze it as
hard as you can you think the you'll
feel pressure um I don't know if I can
but I will try I don't really think I
can how are there I gotta do it in the
side yeah so how do you think you can
crush and say yeah
whoa whoa whoa yeah if you think you can
cross dad yes so even someone as strong
as our dad can't push me I think we
should crack it like this the second one
we're going to test the stir is we're
gonna hold the egg with your middle
finger and your pointer finger and then
on the bottom is just them then you're
gonna start squeeze it no so do you
think you can crack it I crush it or no
no possible way
nope Haley do you think you do it
no even all right so you told it yeah it
does two things for turning ah so the
third one we're gonna hold the eggs is
like this kind of like in the palm of
your hand again and then apply pressure
on one spot so I'm gonna give it to em
first
see if she can crack it do you think so
maybe maybe Avery yes
each yeah over this is a dollar
y'all know dad's been hand I don't know
which ones standard okay how about you
man I don't think I can because I
couldn't crushes my whole hand but how
is my stomach smelly come out the shape
of an egg gives it massive strength even
though the egg is very fragile I'll ride
that bad boy up
oh and I thought you know we'll attach
it I was a wanted person GUI GUI you yo
here we give me give me give me eggs or
someone to arches which is one of the
strongest architectural forms the egg is
strong is on the top and the bottom or
like an arch and its highest point this
is why the egg will break when we hold
it like this the curved shape of this
shell tributes the pressure evenly over
the whole show rather than all the
pressure being on one point when you
screen the like
then the egg will break that is why FBA
crack easily when mommy put pressure on
it and when I drop it because the egg
was only getting pressure on one side
this also explains why you can sit on it
and incessantly but a hatching little
chick can pick on one side and break up
and that's how it works
bt-dubs you would like to give a shout
out to baby Kaley
she was the one who suggested our shoes
in our dear I'm she's plus there so
remember to go check out baby Kaley and
truthful step PS if you don't know who
baby Kaley is she is a nine-year rapper
she made up her own raps
and and I think they that they are very
good to go to check her channel be sure
to subscribe and she was there and baby
Kaley and see you tomorrow
hi babe
thanks for watching
Britt Ailey
