today on detailing everybody watching
the lucky duck - because they get a
sneak peek as to what the zai Li
bratayley shirts gonna look okay hey hey
I so um we're in the car driving to
baseball and we just got informed so
mommy hasn't phoned a lot so where can I
just go more journey to baseball and we
are getting really excited with the meet
and greets we hope to see a bunch of you
guys that's me great so we got so you
can pretty much to say hey all that
stuff remember the meet and greets on
March 22nd if you want more information
it'll be done
your description below and so the first
one are you people to bring is I or
shady bear well get a free t-shirt
further further bear shyly and daily
t-shirt if you when I was ally in there
yet then you can pre-order it
the link will have a link in the
description to the site and what you do
is you'll use the bratayley coupon code
and you'll get 30% off on a Zeilinger
shoe there um let's see
and if you don't want to do that then
you can just ask meet and greet they'll
have some dilation bear's office on like
the racks and stuff um for sale and you
can buy it on there just remember if you
want to pick your bear up at the meet
and greet just put the shipping offer
the shipping off option being great hey
guys um it's me Caleb and I'm doing the
crush new today um Annie Haley my muumuu
are at gymnastics and me and my duh duh
all right at home and Piper's behind the
slang in her bed will always be anyways
so let's roll the clip to Kylie soo
she's just this question that I ever
Taylor Lee I am Kylie ninety nine and
I'm from the USA I want the question of
the day to be what is your favorite food
my favorite food is mac and cheese
oh sorry um the question of the day
oh sorry so my favorite food is mac and
cheese ice I would say um so remember to
comment down below because we want to
know the cause of the day ease what's
your favorite food
as the meeting food right now which is
not my favorite food because I don't eat
it very often
yeah sound good okay see us tomorrow
okay so I just got home from gymnastics
and I am just going to show you guys um
19 or what we did what I do after
gymnastics first I usually eat cuz I am
starving today I have to chicken and
cheese simcha there Barry beneath so and
then I complain to mommy and pals about
all the things that hurt that hurt at
gymnastics oh so it was my heels kind of
hurting my hip was hurting me did these
I can turns onto a panel mat land is in
the push-up position my um toe wish tote
my heel was hurting and now my arm is
hurting cuz I'm holding the correct
camera very good so the next thing I do
is take a shower okay
now I'm
a shower and we have the coolest shower
Heather because boom so see ya drink my
mom shower
but it'll cut this is how a rock bedtime
oh yeah I got yet so dress on and
tail part infecting wakey wakey wakey so
I am in my pajamas
these may look like pajamas but I love
that too I'm just going to go on to the
question of the day which is what's your
favorite food my favorite food are
Wendy's chicken up one time I get cute
so don't forget to calm down below
because we want to know the question of
the day is what's your favorite food bye
see you tomorrow roll the clip to Harry
that's getting so the question today is
what's your favorite food and mine is a
waffle cuz I really like waffles so good
I just don't get calm down below because
me right now
bye and sometimes you get it on bed and
love on my lunch
Oh Haley need to tell Annie I'm asleep
here yeah oh she call him mommy
thank you what hey what what do you need
why didn't you get a towel before you
went in there you forgot again you
swallowed paper you don't use toilet and
do not
don't listen to Daddy I thought you were
in bed yeah
what are you doing I'm already asleep I
can't answer any more questions
Piper give her a kiss like my crack in
your head give me a give me a kiss
instead of watching her she is she is oh
yeah oh yeah oh yeah oh oh hey look
Oh James I can't you don't even you
didn't see it yet look Annie this is
this shirt that you can get with yours I
lay bare like me cute you want one yeah
provide bio viola guess what you bring
yours I lay bare for your oh yeah
you have Shen ya a little bit tentative
cute children Josh into babies don't
have a value got somebody give me a cow
maybe know about the bed no I was just
about to tell her about the bed I'm
getting a new bed already
I gotta wait for this to focus on the
focusing on your face there we go
this is so beautiful box the box that
dyli comes in can be turned into a bed
not whole and they're going to be at the
xyla people are going to be at the meet
and greet showing everybody how to make
their box into a bed are you dressed now
then you can't see all right now that
Haley has clothes on we can show her the
sily picture zai Lee is wearing in this
picture this is a sneak peek so you're a
lucky duck here yes and everybody
watching the look I know I'm not showing
you yet cuz I'm explaining everybody
watching the lucky duck too because they
get a sneak peek as to what the zai li
bratayley shirts gonna look okay and so
wait did they athlete get that yeah
that's the shirts that are gonna be
giving out remember how shoot the first
of he has Dai Li she has nice shot yeah
there's eye Li people made that shirt
and they're gonna bring 100 shirts one
hand the first 100 people to bring
there's eye Li or shin or to buy one or
to preorder one it's gonna get a shirt
ah
 baseball database
thanks for watching
Britt Ailey
