time for what Amy hello everybody we're
having a little afternoon snack because
us girls hello
me and Haley are going to roll out to go
to gymnastics and we were we get a
little set before we go and lays was
having a chip sale and mommy decided to
get cheesy garlic bread and dough people
we have not tried either and I like
bagels really very articles but let's
see if she likes it I started
talking this is what happens then Haley
book now no water the smell but you eat
it ready set go
mmm they're so sweet there you don't
even see from 89 you don't even think
about it
you know I do like that you thought they
were gonna look at me the chip
gonna be hard to taste like cheesy
garlic bread dollars I really need to
learn a little dollars do it's a flavor
well then choose your chip back
for detail you're supposed to add your
flavor to your chip of choice nega nega
flavor name and chip choice tomato
chocolate wait chocolate white chocolate
element great chocolate would be a good
chip what about chocolate chocolate
mm-hmm no chocolate jog it on a dip a
chocolate chip my god it's a head yes
just it's like yard a chocolaty car
oh good face like chocolate no we should
do a surprise chip it is it just looks
like a Riveter chip and when they taste
it it tastes like chocolate or anything
oh yeah come mr. H up oh yeah you're
listenin lace hope you heard of here
first
oh young man does enough and we
gonna eat all of this but don't put
is you should put um a purple no no a
blue with white fat things like coconuts
and then a purple question mark and then
on the top of this tree I don't have
anybody by your chip your mister each
other cuz it could be anything it could
be a bird yeah could be any got a
mystery suckers fun like fun flavors
mystery chip could be something they is
gross level
do you like the pickle chip Wow okay the
other day I was doing the chip was there
and they asked what was my worst could
be experience and I really didn't have a
creepy experience I usually hit stuff up
right now I'm gonna try to cook some
macaroni cheese so what you'll need
pretty much is coaster noodles um then
what you'll need is your packet of
cheese 1/4 a cup of milk and 4
tablespoons of butter then you'll need a
pot and 6 cups of water so then you're
gonna eat your noodles remember new
openness motive to take this out first
before dumping it because then that
would be your worst cooking experience
so bring your water to a boil then add a
noodles
once the time is up
fix my macaroni and cheese so now we're
going to move on with question today
which is from BB and let's roll the good
good evening
Heydrich Hayley Smith movie I'm 13 years
old
and the questions gonna be what's your
favorite thing to do on Sundays and mine
is watch TV so what's yours
thank you um so my favorite thing to do
on Sunday is definitely play a video
game so going down below cuz we want to
know the question today is what do you
like to do on Sundays
take it away Eddie see you guys tomorrow
so I just got done with gymnastics and
not feeling too well my head is hurting
my stomach and um I'm just going to do
the question of the day um I heard that
it was it is bad from V Z and I like to
do I like to go outside and play with my
family well I don't feel like doing that
right now
but on Sunday that's connected so don't
forget to comment down below cuz we
wouldn't know the question of the day is
what do you want it what do you like to
do on Sundays bye roll clip - Haley hey
guys so I just got from the gym and the
question of day is from Gigi and um she
answers what is your what do you wanna
do this way mommy okay what do you wanna
do on Sunday I want to go to the movies
with my parent and watch the Nagle movie
by you tomorrow don't get to come come
down below because we want to know the
question of baby
but database database
thanks for watching
Britt Ailey
