today we forgot you watching at home you
are not listening the whole time sweaty
your mom said oh hi guys forget about
work the camp I don't know how to work
that camera thank you very much I just
want to do an interview because they
look really cool here on ABC
so good we had a sleepover last I ever
liked Eskridge oh my pajamas and it's
like well it's 20 here's one of our
songs okay ready
come on mama alright wait was your
entire song in there
haha are you sure you saw see this one
okay sorry Weaver if we're getting all
up in your face we're trying to just aha
you started out hey cute away from and
turned into oh no what I've done I don't
even know last night here we go I'll
translate what's not a trampoline no not
like we do them Oh
but on that wasn't it
let's say you really don't bounce
nice girl oh yes let me show you how you
like to show off and you can't even do
half of things they do
oh hello head no yeah so wonderful place
hope your coaches and your mother's not
watching he'll never let you come over
again some others turns turn this off
five minutes ago okay wait wait after
you go okay okay it's just love you
wondering why we're not at school this
would be y another su day
oh why can't it just be spring
I don't know I don't even never know
tailee Kayla bought some chocolate milk
oh and I'm tired of doing dishes on the
hall
open your mouth let's try the best dog
on the cover here you go what'd you put
in poison okay that's how I'm all
mommy's feet taste hey oh I need a mom
actually actually mom and I I gotta use
proper grammar or playing Mario Kart and
we decided to move it up here one
because my mom didn't like playing it
downstairs because the basement was just
it just felt lonely and so we moved it
up here and sadly none of our stuff got
saved because we were using the wheat
and it got saved to the Wii not the not
the actual game so right now me and my
mom are just gonna win back everything
and we're gonna start on my mom because
my mom actually had everything unlocked
so I'm gonna do that oh the Wii U's
upstairs and we're playing on that right
now and just because we just got it
and we wanted to speak feel what if we
could play Wii games on it because we
have more Wii games yeah and it does
work so it's fine because it's been a
long time since I played Mario Kart
since that short time period which I
said my truth was there that I got
grounded from everything they took my
wean my Xbox out of them where they were
supposed to be and we never put the ring
back together so yeah whenever playing
it and how we're gonna do it is since my
mom she likes the wheel I'm not okay
with the wheel but she'll but she likes
to do automatic so we're gonna each do a
cup she's gonna do 1 cup now I'm gonna
do another cup and right now she did the
univer cup you did mushroom Cup yeah she
did the mushroom cup and right now I'm
doing a flower Cup get a little trick
off me how many stars I end up getting -
what - not a cards be quiet
alright now it's like since we saw me
started over so we don't have any of our
drug yeah not a particle bikes got saved
so right now we're deciding stars
kind of makes you dizzy to watch it on
this camera yeah
really first-place finish yep um it's
been is just stopped snowing and we
finally are coming out here to play um
this is pretty deep snow I guess and
busy he's really good and Piper is
trying to steal it is under covering the
bones of an alligator let's go check it
out whoa it's all over Piper now did you
get for calling her ugly Lydia was gonna
come out and play with us but her mom
ended up tomorrow I want to tap in sizes
so hard when did this know ya know
snowmen building today she's ready to
play wow he was gonna slide down the
slide because I am
allowing it hibernating I don't think
your hand jump I'm just a little worried
that that's gonna break my trampoline I
have no idea this might be a lot of wait
for it on that paper
the snow does look kind of like the snow
looks kind of neat on the Transylvania
you guys Josh and Piper come up she
wants to come nice
look if she's covered in snow you guys
gonna get cold
oh oh you're gonna need some hot
chocolate something's buried right here
it's a hat whoa it's like ice how'd that
get out here I'm from the snowman oh we
never got it I thought we clean the
whole backyard
that is did somebody bring that out
Piper the day's almost over so I'm about
to go and take a bath and um the day
went really really good I like a new
Yelp Olivia today I didn't have
gymnastics it was canceled being a loop
because of the snow so um it's a little
weird because I would be at gymnastic
you right now as we speak and it's
really weird to be home so um now it's
time for the question of the day I
rolled the clip - Kylie - Hayley my name
is Kyla and I'm 11 years old and the
question of the day should be what's
your favorite animal my favorite animal
is vs.
my favorite animal is a white tiger
I really like them better than an orange
and back hair I would rather avoid tiger
but I still like Bo so now let's roll
the clip on to Caleb bye see you
tomorrow uh so it's been a while since
my lip head since I bust my lip it's one
a lot better I don't think it's fully
done because it's still got a big lip
and I can't do that very well so anyways
yeah hopefully it just heals a little
bit more so um I'm down here in the
basement playing uh I'm just throwing
ball against that and catching it with
my glove that's over there and um well
see you guys know what the snow day
since my sister's just told you that she
was gonna be a gymnastics but it's
smooth so I'm going to talk about the
question of the day now um my favorite
animal is definitely a zebra so that's
when it I wanna say and just say coming
on the look cuz we wanna know the
question of the day is what's your
favorite ever
bye see you tomorrow hey guys so it's me
Haley and on the question of day is with
your favorite animal and mine is a
Yorkie and that's a dog and it's what my
grandma has so buy seats mud don't get
hung down low because women don't
question days bye
 baked potato baby thanks for
watching
Britt Ailey
