hey guys it's me Haley and me Annie
welcome to Petrelli knows best as you
can see Caleb's not here today we have a
special guest Olivia the awesome today
we will be reviewing crayola marker
maker let's take a look at box on a
Friday says create custom colors look at
that Ani front it also says suggested
for eight plus that's perfect cuz right
now and we can help Haley so on the side
it says mix measure and then on this
side says whoa war I'm a draw on your
back it shows the complete set up and
you can create your own custom color
markers and minutes let's open the BA I
think these are markers stuff well it is
like chalk I think it's no nut squishing
oh my god they're squishy squishy job oh
you get to scream whoa oh the market is
Wow like hammer and smash it's stop
okay it's a new beginning
oh oh
Aniki face and your girls probably want
these yeah here we go
yup this is in Spanish we're gonna go
way I Yogesh
however measuring right here
it has measuring marks all the way up
with 15 milliliters and you'll have this
chart which you can pick on you deliver
pretty much made the same one over here
so now we're going to come over here and
make this kind of peaches pink peach
peach ish pink it's right here you have
to have nine yellow and wait six red
where are you sure it's nine yellow yeah
nine yellow and six okay yeah I'll do
the sister first
oh my gum you know me man Oh what 215
let's go oh my gosh any kind of color
this is getting harder and harder
that doesn't look like the purple me mom
now does oh I see it it was it yeah
you're a perfect oh yeah and then you're
going to take it to okay you like your
heat gun and oh so we are going to take
this tool and the squishy thing that I
thought was chopped put it into the
tulle dingy like that
ma no idea what these things are cold
and then put it into your making thing
thingy knows that we're calling you this
thingy and then just the bushy dingy
wall suck up the water yeah I can see it
like collecting all the UM stop this way
yeah and you just wait until that see
it's rising over that's move it Sophie
this is what it looks like it's done
we're gonna put it into the bigger side
of the tube and push it down and I'm
going to do the same
and now for them to you this day he
bought them think I going on the marker
and put it a Whitby has to put this
thing in that and then the thing that
you write with you put it on the other
side and then you put the yellow thing
and then you have the yellow thing and
you push it down twice so that this is
touching this good now you see and then
you flip here and wait for the that
eight to rise all the way to the top of
your marker oh yeah I got it haha
they think it has rise to the top of our
first marker that we made before and now
there are stickers that you can touch
say what color it is nine and put it on
your marker mine is a blade fish poem
it's like courage purple it's a fiscal
or cucumber blue my age encumber is me
soon
I love October mine is a great school a
great pawpaw
a couple great purple and then just put
it on I know this one's nice
but you got to make sure you don't kind
attack great purple ah this is a really
pretty circle okay wait this picture
correct so you put rising up to the
typical pink in each color you like a
pink peach pink and you think that I've
learned is that when you first had it
but when you drawn it was way more color
because see this looks like a dark um
growlers this looks like a really dark
like blackish color and then up on this
I mean like a really light pretty cool
it's cool all right one two five I'm
going to give that before because um the
two fat um give you the marker liquid
are really hard to squeeze in it kind of
hurts your fingers but otherwise it's
really easy to do so I'm gonna give that
for I'm going to give it a 4 - I mean
everything wasn't it was really
complicated before you really learn how
to do it but it was also really really
fun to make it um markers so I'd give it
a 4 because it wasn't perfect nose so
really good so I hope you guys enjoyed
the video on crayola marker maker it's
really cool how do you get to make your
own Vipers there's a lot of fun so don't
forget to subscribe and thumbs up and I
guess we'll see you tomorrow bye ah
potato baked potato baby thanks for
watching Britt Ailey
