Haley we don't have anything to film
today nothing nothing nothing
what do we do no we film enough of the
dog we can make the camera go not blurry
hmm
oh I know I know I got it
what we can film me beating you it'll be
fun come here okay hold still
I guess so you gotta hold still hey
don't panic
ready all right ready gonna practice all
day get beating you right all right now
ready That's Entertainment
ready hyper can you take over for me
yes he's got my hands all right ready
it's not been all day yet John Piper oh
what's wrong Piper I can get her
computer
I said you time why brillo started
hurting IBM I did my routine was cooked
my couch then I had an ice because it
was hurting really bad what'd you do to
it did you hurt it somewhere I think
someone's excited to see you first to
touch what is it you have muscles all
right
so you had to sit out at practice a few
times coz of a weird pain we had to get
you and I got Chinese candy huh daddy of
yours that well Japanese candy I am
sorry I got corrupted in the car well
that's a big difference you know daddy's
calling you a weird pain flowers kiss
candy yeah and why are they giving away
Japanese candy it's Japanese
all right check it and you hope that
no I jump sharing us carrying girls
flowers kiss can yeah but what flavor
that are just candy it is peach hey
these are green grapes mmm looks like
about Apple a bit tomato and I'm like
that would be gross purple grape I don't
know what that is that is a flower
flower I don't know a flower candy would
be good okay so you don't like peaches
this is about all that's going on in the
house right now lazy Saturday what's
going on over there
pipes are either okay you'd always you
know that aims the wrong way right it's
better than the right and Annie's still
hanging here hurting her hip flexors I
got a thing anyone do the birdhouse oh
she doesn't want to
on the window no it's Oh Billy you can
do it 400 year olds the city fathers 100
plus just old enough to come with a
little girl too
no oh man what does it come with well it
comes with different size so only
certain birds can get in there yes Annie
must really be hurting for her Hey yes
you might want a sweatshirt oh here
comes Limpy how are you what song the
other day I was wanting to me to get
today while I was at traffic mommy
good so we're going to do it for a
review me Haley and I'm really really
excited because you get to make your own
work and it has my thing and the reason
I thought it would be a good idea for
them to do a review on is because this
kind of stuff I'm always skeptical on to
see if it really does work
so I thought it would be kind of since
you really wanted it I figured it would
be a good thing to alright the other
kids went out jumping on the trampolines
and my hips toll hurt so I'm sitting on
my couch watching guys the one to get
with mommy and daddy because daddy's
never seen it and eaten them eat an
apple and waiting for pizza to get here
order pizza so we're in a pizza in the
movie that I'm buddy put made a wickiup
Bert Haley's stuff for all the kids so
you guys tell me what job what if this
is
what's wrong hi Andy the middle child of
mommy dead she was first seen on a
collab channel named sevenawesomekids
when she posted videos due to a certain
thing true wacko Anna was you weren't a
crow animal for that but no one knew of
it until sevenawesomekids first scene
anybody's antes full name is juliana
grace before Haley was created Caleb
started calling her aunty Anna after a
while it turned into an e so Amy is just
her nickname that's right
yeah well most part she was born on
December 5th 2004 she is nine turning 10
in 2014 she is a level six gymnast old
channel called acro Anna where she does
gymnastics videos about this the link to
her channel actually thank you you can't
leave somebody created a wiki page for
you okay okay yeah oh and they must be
Canadian or British why because they
spell favourite the way it does you and
color the way they do are you all we're
gonna say the wrong way her favorite
fruit her favorite food is free your
favourite food food fruit okay
she likes the color blue yeah okay when
she is older she would like to be an
artist King she does guitar singing
piano and gymnastics she does do the
violin but that is in school so yeah her
favorite movie is tea beach movie
not anymore what is your favorite movie
now
like the lego movie magic can't let the
eldest child of mommy and daddy he has
not been on a channel really no okay
appeared on youtube before potato oh
okay yeah
genuine yeah he plays baseball shirt yes
braces which are multicolored yeah boy
on July 13 to 7 mm mm - so he is 11
years old
yeah Taylor this and 6/6 oh good thing
that'll be true for the next few years
he would like to be he loves macaroni
cheese okay his favorite colors are
black and purple okay let's try a window
mommy and daddy we're going to make a
youtube channel just for hair they just
like the other kids but they decided to
make a family vlogging channel instead
the reason they called it patatas
because nearly sometimes I acted like a
brat so brat Plus Hayley
eCos bratayley that's quality though I
think we've said it probably Hayley was
born September 2nd 2008 yes five turning
on 6 in 2014 she was stuck she has
started pre-k about start kindergarten
he wants not true he wants to be an
artist she used to do gymnastics
uh-oh people she still does gymnastics
she signed up again
chicken yep she likes the colors white
and purple yes
her favorite movies are turbo and teen
beach movie yes it's one was a white you
purple since when do you want to be an
artist right where's the mommy wiki
let's do this
I'm sure there's not fun mommy is
awesome and at PS I didn't write the
high self oh there's not a mommy Ricky
I'll punch whoever made this yes there's
not a daddy
yep this is how we spend our Saturday
night looking up internet searches of us
paper daily which is the one we almost
got dandy
no she wasn't anything at the time let's
see if it's really her it's her she's
not a puppy anymore
Piper they're reminiscing on the days
when we could pick you up
thanks for watching
Britt Haley
