today we and three two one
oh yeah rounded back hands with one arm
so good afternoon I'm here because mommy
says we had to clean her room before I
came out here but my room was pretty
neat
I guess and Caleb has homework anta's
room and Haley's been your room right
now and so I'm out here chillin and
silly with Piper and myself
just hanging out on the trampoline doing
some flips warning hand back handspring
oh yeah I'm gonna try to hold you guys
and I'm gonna try on you know time so
and Caleb in Haley will be out here
shortly and so now here to the Sun I'm
getting bored I'm about to go in so yeah
I just want to see if I can film myself
doing some tricks okay
okay this is me gonna watch out
why'd you bring lips right what Hawaii I
wish how you feelin Caleb can you talk
today how's it look you get a good look
still looks pretty swollen but you're
out here well I know you can talk you
were talking earlier hmm
speak speak to us you hit yourself in
the lip when you came out here as
opposed to thinkin
hi ever want a stick go get it
what is your deal with Hawaii hey does
she wear did Hawaii go Oh summer is
Hawaii
dirty sock - hi bruh you need to go to
obedience school hey hey we don't want
any more busted lips go up the ladder Oh
Haley with a sword this can't turn out
well
are you calling me fat no I'm just
saying they can hold us all escape from
paper
it's amazing how every time I make them
do chores their tummy hurts or they
don't feel good or they're tired or they
have to go to the bathroom Thank You
towels oh good a horrible lice you guys
lead gotta fold your own towel all right
I'll give you some veggie sticks after
your towels go away let's check out the
holding job you guys did all right well
let me see it's horrible not bad there's
only one problem with it it's still on
the floor
and it should be put away
what you do you put some towels away
she's the only one doing chores look at
that the one that we named the channel
bratayley after is growing up all right
now Haley you got two baskets of laundry
to hold two huge that sit in my chair I
sit and fold laundry sit in my laundry
fold in spot and get to work Cinderella
wait are you getting sick now can't do
airplane to me mm-hmm
ready hey I need your hand I'm Jess I'm
gonna squish you know just pick your
feet up
yeah this could be bad I become
collapsing into your busted lip Oh
daddy's shirt okay ready
don't want my hair in your face ready
okay ready
hang on Hayley more play an airplane
over here no I got it okay then you
can't go you got to put him at your
hands stairs without fallin to you
thanks Caleb we ever heat Union on
gymnastic skills and I'm about to go to
gymnastics and I finally got my front
walkovers one hand took me like 10 times
but I did it here we go funny cuz on the
10 tries earlier she didn't like fought
like that once she might not have make
it made it up but she doesn't fall and
crash until I got the camera out and he
take - Jake - action way more graceful
you just like two of them with one hand
and there are way more graceful than
that try to use the other hand as your
own again Haley the other hand yeah that
should be your one hand there you go see
she was using your other hand
yeah I know they're dying somebody else
needs to send me flowers and they got
thorns on them you want to dry one out
yes Wow who's that crazy kid on the
floor here you go hey what is the
chocolate for every mind you of like
what is eaten up out back reminder of
yep
your dark over here I can't film you
sorry dude no
where were you right yeah we went to eat
it out back the day we met kittiesmama
do you remember that Haley wait love is
there some drawing on Facebook that day
there was walking I started oh I believe
that you want some more bread to like we
already done I'm so so dark in here that
you can't think I mean we can't see you
but ok thanks daddy either he's our
lighting
he's our lighting guy ok
you have to sing your big Kaiba song
so Caleb for dinner because he's having
a hard time eating what do you have and
tell everybody what you're having for
dinner potato Sunday it's gonna be the
best healthiest dinner ever doesn't get
much better than that Haley called
wallowing and so were you mama waiting
on the bench
yeah what is going on about here
wallowing time won't complete love it
you should go to school like that
why do you think your hands in my face
that he loves wasting a better day
hailey sing the truth was there from
each you seeing the baked potatoes on
Haley sing the salt and pepper salt and
pepper zone so I just got back from
gymnastics and um I just got told your
question of the day and I'm the only one
that's going to do it because this one
kind of relates to what I did today so
roll the clip
- Amy my name is Amy and my youtube is
Amy bells my future the question of the
day is have you ever tried to show off
in one of your talents then ended up
failing a year ago I was able to do a
front walkover but um I wasn't really
confident doing it um there was these
girls who was really bugging me and then
tried to do a front walkover and I hurt
my back and I hurt my right thigh am I
left like food and it hurt thanks bye
mine was my front walkover I was showing
you guys and then I completely epically
bad so that was a little weird so that
kind of relates and I had a really good
day at gymnastics and um my stomach will
cramping up at the end it's a little
sore right now I wouldn't say sore but
it's cramping up right now and I guess
we will see you tomorrow don't forget to
comment down below cuz we want to know
the question of the day alright guys you
know the drill
comment down below your answer
thanks for watching
Britt Taylor
