today um Bailey what are you doing happy
I don't know what today is
anybody Monday Tuesday Oh
happy Tuesday I'm gonna give a little
update are you doing school are you
doing something else you're drawing I
got so excited I thought you're over
here doing school
oh is it is art but I mean I thought you
were doing like math science what are
you covering your face so I don't go
close okay I won't get close so the dogs
are out front today because this last
night you guys got a sneak peek but it
was kind of hard to see so they're not
working on it today because it's raining
the first day back you guys the first
day back and it's raining we were in LA
for almost two months and it didn't rain
I know it looks really good it might
have rained overnight like once or twice
that we woke up once or twice with in
the ground was wet but we didn't get
like rained on the whole time we were
there and now it's raining and the dogs
can't come out here you don't have a
bike so we're having an extremely
extremely lazy day today but I think we
are gonna have some visitors coming soon
it's gonna be fun we haven't seen them
Pipers outside I have to go dry their
paws it is raining
so that's your morning update here in
our house see health in our household
I'm gonna go wipe the dog's paws we're
gonna continue to be extremely lazy and
I might do a little straightening the
house was pretty clean after being gone
daddy did pretty good we've messed it up
more than he did we came inside we kind
of like kicked our shoes off and made
ourselves at home
cuz it's our home alright guys stay
tuned for some special guests you guys I
know you're guessing who it is right now
you guys are wondering who will be the
first ones to visit us oh wow
and it's not because we like to look bad
or because they like us the best it's
just schedules like scheduling whoa
that's weird
Wow y'all remember that time how many
years ago three years ago probably that
Annie took guitar lessons for a hot
second
okay so I just got back from my guitar
lessons and I was really excited I liked
guitar better and nothing I don't like
singing I just learned a lot in guitar
and it's fun and I made people to play
you some chords and I just can't wait
until we get home
it's starting all right I'm gonna go fix
dinner
I'm gonna set this up here you know I
mean and then oh you're done well I
think you're done then it's not tuned at
all by the way do you know how to do is
it too small for you and you're holding
up the right way
and look how dusty it is we need to
clean up it was up the old house it may
be too small for you now oh when he's
not a fan of your honky-tonkin what when
he doesn't like much Piper's pretty good
at being a lot yeah so Annie took guitar
lessons while she took piano she's
teaching herself piano she can play
what's that song a thousand years ed
sheeran are you gonna try to learn the
guitar to teach yourself that guitar
made you guys all you guitar experts
we're assuming is this a little too
small for her and what's she holding it
right comment down below because we you
guys are our teachers when we don't know
about something you guys can help us out
what are you doing Piper I'm trying to
film your pretty face and you're not
cooperating sit sit when he's over here
cuz she thinks I must have food if I'm
telling somebody to do a trick if
someone's a piss sitting then shares
probably treats to be given out sit I
don't have a treat more you know you can
just do things sometimes because it's
the right thing to do
she's seeing if you have a trick a treat
for her Piper why didn't you sit Piper
Piper Piper sit so you can get all the
dogs to listen good sit your turn Gigi
sit sit hey Haley sit whoa fancy outfit
some adidas and some bunnies did you say
hi to your bunny how is she
good daddy good care of her huge you
want to go take it down and show them we
ready for this review
- you are huge you little bunny you
little bunny
this is frisbee my bunny our first
visitors Mia same Chris same seemed like
five that's better
we're home it's official it's always
official we have our first visitor like
oh we're home we're home we're home you
got a dance oh yeah that's what you say
thank you what did you watch over - oh
my gosh your commercial back tomorrow
Manny for Manny you look like such a
debaters look when they get that slow-mo
oh wait oh it's in there over that cool
by the time they see this Manny will be
out but I think we should say since I
already have watched it Haley's in more
of episode 2 episode 1 she's not in much
I'm she's in it episode 2 stay tuned for
that
so everybody watching next week Haley's
legit in it they just had to introduce
her character ok enough of that small
chat alright so Mia left she just
stopped by to say hello and our next
guests are on their way this is so fun
we're having like little cameo
appearances are you gonna jump on now
homie alright so they should be here any
minute and it will be exciting but I
think Annie said don't turn the camera
off and I don't know why she said don't
turn the camera what do you need go for
what whose tummy has liquid in it I
could hear it jiggling in your tummy
wait listen I don't know the camera
gonna hear it
are you stealing my footage they stand
together you can talk about the same
time yay that's good
whatever deodorant perfume you're using
is really working for you all the same
size yeah I know
oh thanks for coming to see you all
right we're gonna have a sneak peak
we're gonna show some almost had Sara
and Emily because you guys have been
saying stare all day I know Sara is part
of their trio and they were just talking
about her I know your name Manders all
bad things were talked about how Amanda
and Annie are almost 13 and 16 in couple
years you could say things
and let me say no take the pretzels away
from her don't choke on it though yeah
what is in the pretzel she's putting the
pretzels in her mouth like Darth Vader
it just looks like you don't have any
teeth from here not funny not funny what
do you think they were about the gossip
all right it was good but they want to
gossip so
Haley Haley when my kids act like
they're hey what do you guys want for
dinner
chick-fil-a Oh oh really she plays right
boys Billy I'm her he's our younger like
chick-fil-a well and there's not very
many in LA so like they're not close so
I don't think I had it well I might have
had one I know I could hear it that's
okay I need to know what you guys want
text me right down you know you're gonna
go pick it up oh yeah well forget unless
it's easy there's four of you so just
text me y'all's orders and keep having
fun okay you know how to get four girls
downstairs okay tell him the food's here
that's right
I wonder what they're talking about
there are probably they're all in black
pants watch they don't even know I'm
filming which maybe we can get some good
gossip on camera Hut yeah we'll leave it
all I was seeing if we can get some
gossip on camera I like wonder what
they're talking about out there oh no
nothing nothing good Oh must have meant
some good stuff must have been good okay
well there's food here
hey Annie we can embarrass you right
back so be careful a little to nothing
you can't do nothing
you just dude you know yeah yeah we
throw you up I did not you touch your
legs yeah really I thought you guys were
going to do the things we do where we
throw around and party continues what
are you doing why do you have that what
do you have in your mouth oh you're
calling them fathers now I've already
got a nickname they're no longer
pretzels it's they're being Darth Vader
Haley why did you put putty on the couch
okay we have a big announcement we are
having today we're having a baby
that would be clickbait yeah we're
having a no not always
well a lot of times something we say is
the title but we try to be careful about
all right so we're having a sleepover
yeah yeah yeah cuz we're so yeah I know
they were massaging Emily all right
we got some some fun stuff going on over
here we clean the other house out
they have elves on there that Wow they
have literally been traveling around
with a city boy we worked at Blockbuster
in LaPorte Texas shout-out
I wonder what's there now y'all what's
at 12:20 West Fairmount Park Laporte
Texas oh that is this is old I worked
there in nineteen ninety nine ninety
nine so where are you gonna put these
they all of them have elves on there
have fun with that so we're gonna go to
dishwashers all of these due to these
who's worthy is your grandma's oh it's
so quiet in here
nothing in this house to eat but they
get they still if they still want to
hang out over here
Annie pick up the pretzels pick up the
father's Luke I am your father Luke I am
your father okay just like they met
didn't say mirror mirror on the wall
it's magic mirror on the wall blah blah
blah blah a paper on really we what all
right so the fun's gonna continue we'll
be back with another fun update
super super fun it's a school night
for all of them were just funny homes
some of you Emily's not but they're all
doing school tomorrow all four of the
rowdy bunch oh I figured out why I
called you Sarah I've been thinking
about this cuz like why I know Amanda's
name in high school back to high school
I knew twins named Sarah and Emily
so therefore when I heard Emily I
automatically went Sarah and your other
trios Sarah so I'm like there has to be
a reason that I forgot your name for a
split second
no you're not twins Sarah Emily it's
true the sleepovers are like in your
house we are we are wrapping so the
question today is what is it again
there's favorite thing to do a sleepover
tournament remember I know I know right
so if your name is nota sleepover gossip
I mean I'm gossip Ally just all have
Girl Talk just talk
yeah we don't watch it it is based a bit
you know sleep sleep okay don't forget
to context mean another question of the
day
see you guys tomorrow
always remember to celebrate babe thanks
for watching Vitaliy
