I won't winter back I know you just
didn't say that
come Piper come up and play a tried pipe
I tried
this is probably the prettiest day that
we've had since winter started
we're in shorts and short sleeves means
Springs all moles here not warm enough
for the pool no it's not I'm watching
pools aren't open yet number one number
two it's not warm enough
tada
said tada what I had to pick one can it
be a tie it's totally a tie we do what
is to cold food sprinkler don't you
think no but I told I know what we're
gonna do we're gonna play a spring game
it's clean up the backyard and then
maybe we'll see how cold the sprinkler
is okay I'm gonna get a trash bag and
we're gonna clean up all this trash go
get a trash bag a big white trash bag
under the sink you can clean up gonna
put on your what like six or something
let me try to go really fast and clean
so we will get ready so but but what did
you say clean up pull down the lever
right okay go get a trash bag and then
we'll do that
Haley don't get a trash bag look what we
just found that paper joke out of
Haley's room it's Elsa with all of these
leaves in her hair and everything we're
gonna clean that up
Piper Roni
it's like fuzzy Easter eggs except
nastier and she whistles and she's got
she's got one so we just finished on all
the putting all the trash out of this so
into this trash bag and now time today's
recess mommy says now we're going to be
very cold here we go we're gonna do the
limbo yeah we're gonna do the limbo and
there are no clouds inside
all right let's give a countdown to the
first person who says I'm cold okay
I see how long it takes for you guys for
the first one to say I'm cold told her
this water's cold
she needs it lower
well there made it longer than I thought
go red do you want to get up there Piper
she's out of here that didn't last very
long Piper can you jump over it Annie or
flip over it no I'm not gonna keep
spraying her
you hold it yeah no I just thought you
guys would be black cold yeah you got it
here but you can't aim it right at her I
really just pray that at home I got it
go get a towel for this ring all right
Piper's trying to jump and get the water
you're on you're on you're on your own
you just came in from being outside and
um now I decided to do some rainbow loom
for two reasons one I haven't done it in
a long time and two because the other
day Sydney Sydney made this really cool
iPod case so I'm gonna try to make it by
the way Haley is filming this Hey so I'm
gonna go I'm gonna go on YouTube and
find out how to do it
Hey okay okay hey you know I couldn't
the camera yeah
got a little village going on here about
your littlest pet shops out what are you
making
pet shop sounds fun bathroom bathroom oh
you made a bathroom
what are these yes
yep okay
monster beast how's the looming horrible
but your colors you picked out so what's
so horrible about it you know hey guys
it is me pimp and I'm wrapped up the
question today and we are going to do
this question a day a little bit
different so usually we have people
sending us sent to us videos about what
they wanted the question of the day to
be this time we're going to give the
people a chance whoo yeah sit in videos
for not a reason or another reason for
whatever reason okay
and so pretty much what we are gonna do
is you guys are gonna send you guys are
gonna send this in the comments down
below the what you think the question
the day is gonna be and then what the
person who we pick is gonna we are going
to give a shout out to on Instagram so
if you're gonna leave a question of the
day you have to have an Instagram and
you have to put it in in to the comment
with your picked up the question of the
day so pretty much ready to submit down
you have to have what you have to have
to what you have to have in the comment
is the what do you think the question of
this day should be and your Instagram
name so then we can go on Instagram post
a picture and then hat
not a star but like my explaining like
so comment down below what you think the
lesson of the day is and remember you're
in super have to has to be in if you
don't have an Instagram I'm sorry but I
don't think we can pick it so see you
guys tomorrow thanks for watching
Brit Haley
