today I'm painting you didn't see me out
here did you you're getting found you're
being filmed oh my gosh we gotta go to
Target to get a few things here
gymnastics
bye bye bye judo thank you I am so
excited for tomorrow tomorrow is very
very exciting day
guys I hope we are going to Philly
Pennsylvania Sunday so we are going to
Philly Pennsylvania for my aunt beat as
a Pinkney we are supporting breast
cancer trying to effect um I think this
is a really exciting meet one can adjust
at it and to because I get to wear a
pink nail polish with the cancer Zac
ribbon sign on it
and usually we can't wear nail polishes
maiya polish at all over faint tattoos
or anything like this one okay I rub it
off Oh cut if it was pink but I don't
want you but you wonder what the point
is I like to ski because you can wear
nail polish other meats you can't wear
any kind of that stuff so this really
got me and I'm so I'm really excited
about back even the other really
exciting thing before I get to meet Sean
Johnson
Shirley Johnson there's a Olympic gold
Hey look I did I got a book and I'm
going to have her sign it this is
probably gonna be the best date ever
I am so pumped up another reason why
this is going to be an exciting me is
because this me I'm going to be
completing my degree that means that
this is the first me that I've ever
competed my hands burn are on the high B
so finished we're heading over to target
before my gymnastics practice to pick up
a few things for the trip and mommy and
I are going at to Pennsylvania with
Olivia and her mom yeah
then after the meet we're staying the
night in uh you know in a hotel comfort
of home yeah Oh like so we're staying
the night in the hotel after I compete
it's going to be exciting we can explore
Philly
salut it's gonna get dark because you're
going a garage here open on board yeah
so it's getting a little dark because we
go and star get in the garage
so what was a about oh that we were
explore yeah we are going to explore
Philly and heat a Philly cheesesteak are
you gonna eat
that's what nice to do list cuz I've
never been to UM Philadelphia slow the
Goblin pain for me and mommy wondered
stopped by the water bowls water bottle
section because we have a new obsession
with water bottles and you're looking
I think it's a silly obsession but how
can you resist a good water bottle I
mean this is one we have at home
hello I like how oh hello I'm doing good
hi
you are so we have a buggy full of
things that will help for when we're
gone like bread and milk for daddy so he
doesn't have to run out of bread and
milk while he's babysitting the kids and
Annie and I got some snacks and now
we're looking at water bottles I don't
see any good ones
new video else aw here we go into Elsa
there you go you goofy I know woman is
that her not be over Tyga Berlin what do
you do with it
remind me button music right
we don't know what we're doing do thou
likewise to the maybe to me both hands
are open so I don't know what to do
maybe the whole both of them oh because
she's holding both gosh I am so smart
good hold both of her hands
yeah Eddie
as long as that I don't know the try me
doesn't last very long I go it's not
gonna play the whole song for you let's
go shoe shopping des Haley's going shoe
shopping yeah let me see that does I
have an iphone on it yeah come here let
me see that let me check that out oh my
gosh is Barbie calling me Barbie you
really wanna laugh together I'm just
kind of cute now you remember yesterday
when you said you wouldn't ask for
anything ever again
that's true I didn't know hey no let's
put it down and you can save that for it
with your allowance how much is it let's
go find out how much it is down further
this is a big old Barbie section
target's got an awesome Barbie section
right here thank you okay
this it costs $19.99
no no no like before you can buy it yeah
you can't that would be stealing okay
when we'll come back and buy it if you
have enough that I have $20 but you
don't you have to earn $20 you have to
you have to spend your allowance money
and I know you have some money at home
let's go home and County no I'll do the
lounge and then we'll come back yeah
what I'm saying right now well I can't
come back today but maybe that's
something that you and Daddy could do
while I'm gone
you didn't see me out here did you don't
jump on me Oh your paws are dirty Oh No
Piper you've got all dirty the snow's
melting it's not crazy cold excited to
be on the trampoline kicking what no I'm
not ready for that
show them what you're working right now
on the beam he's got this on the low
beam right now gotta take it to the high
beam probably soon BP dumb nah but with
my feet me dumb I don't know cuz she not
get up anymore
she can't fit through there at kanchi oh
no Piper ready who is a little bit dead
Piper oh this is my favorite
oh yeah I also like this one all right
well I didn't make this all I just put
these together today at gymnastics did
not go very well I came home sick well I
came home um early because I felt like I
was going to throw up so turns out that
don't throw up everything's good the
meat must go on so now I'm home and I'm
going to wrap the question of the day so
the question of the day is from Kyle
wolf clip
hello ptooey I'm Kyle from Canada and
I'm nine years old old I'm turning ten
and I think the question of it
should be what is your favorite movie -
um probably lego movie yeah bye
so my favorite movie is probably the
lego movie so let's roll this clip on to
Hayley by hey guys it's me Jeannie but
it blow dr. Mario so yeah right okay and
that good guys sound just got home from
dinner and mommy oh cool Jill - it's got
the nails painted pretty
Preston everyday is her child and she
said what's your favorite movie um my
favorite movie is the Wizzle eyes I said
I like the window eyes more because it's
my tiny hey guys I would like to explore
hey guys so I forgot to say vulgar clip
the Caleb so one cryptic in love so
let's just get quick into it just
wrapped up my favorite movie as now is
probably the lego movie so comment down
below please we want to know so question
of the day is what is your favorite
movie ah
bartender based on a date baby
thanks for watching
bruh tailee
