last hey guys me Haley and me and
welcome to the cleaners best today we we
will be unboxing I'm useless title see
our master Katrine the meal for us let's
take a look at the apps if you can see
right here it says her name Catrin de
moon and it says that she is the
daughter of a wear cap this doll for
ages 6 plus so it's a great bed and if
you look over here you'll see a little
drawing out of her she has a pixel in
her mouth inside she has purple with
pink and darker purple highlight there
and I think it's either a mole or a
freckle right on her cheek when she is
really pretty
boom get her out we're gonna have closed
the cube root and if you turn the box
around on the back it's got a little bit
more information
and then it has this little schedule for
Monday to Sunday just what what to do
and then I'll read you one
this is thursday thursday day for
sinneth right info to Clawdeen I have
never taken a long fright before perhaps
I like that because they said hey
Phillip Keane you are alright so perhaps
they will allow me to set up an easel
and sketch other passengers
let's get close-up looks right now and
open up
you
here she is the beautiful Katrina
Demi first he has her ears then back
here she has her purple and pink here
she has some purple eyeshadow on and the
mascara I love mascara and then she has
purple lipstick right here and then
underneath her eyes she had a little
freckle to the freckle or mole
I don't really and then on her neck
couple around her neck she has this
really beautiful blue scarf and then she
has this beautiful black blue and pink
dress it looks to be turned in this is
also accessorizing with purple and black
bangle bracelets her skirt comes down
just above the knee it looks to be
shorter in the front and longer in the
back then when you come a little bit
farther down you can see her beautiful
purple high-low
have a little design like some I think
you like squirrels and X's and what I
love about the here is that in her I
would say their bangs I guess that wall
but ponytail it pulled back like this
it's way shorter than all of the other
hair is kind of like a weight which kind
of goes in comic her hair comes down to
I would say about her lower back she
also has a whole match purpose now to
take a look at whole tree comes with a
purple handbag
his black handle he also comes with her
own personal diary will show you some
pages and like we said she is the
daughter of a werecat and she's 17 on
this first page it tells you all about
it the rest of the book contains more
sketches and her story last page is the
nap at those engines is a brush and her
stand we don't you let the anxiety but
this is one it it's like a four yeah we
just don't know what's inside so comment
down below you know what's inside
Katrina new comes with everything you
see here so I hope you enjoyed our
review on scare mr. Katrina we haven't
gotten the Monster High doll in a while
so we just wanted to share it with you
thanks for watching don't forget to
thumbs up and subscribe bye it's my
rising ah
baked potato baked potato baby
thanks for watching
Britt Ailey
