today unfortunately do it great your pot
broke well you can't hear anything am i
screaming okay good hey guys so we are
going to piano and this is problem this
is my third week I missed a lot of the
snow and the weather and speaking about
snow after piano we are going to get a
shovel because the wedding man and
weathermen said that there will be well
up to one foot of snow so that's a lot
of snow for us because we didn't we
don't we didn't live and in snowy places
in the world so we didn't get that much
snow now we have a bunch so this is the
most snow we have had if the weather men
are right and we get how much they say
so after this we're going to need a
shovel to clear off our driveway so
we're not very we're not used to this or
not we don't know how this is gonna go
it's supposed to snow tonight so we're
trying to get everything in order before
it snows and if it snows it doesn't come
out up on us and we don't have anything
that we need today mommy awesome boo boo
boo that's cool just in case there's a
lot of snow tomorrow like they say we
are prepared
which snow shovel I know nothing about
snow shovel oh hey little girl are you a
snow shovel all right for real wonder
your ladyship um I don't know anything
about snow shovels you like that one
why that one because why is blue blue in
it's metal and it's the most expensive
one so I say that's one we should go
with because if it's most expensive it
must be the best right yeah this one's
very wide oh this one says perfect for
wood or interlock surfaces we don't want
when we want one perfect for a driveway
does this one say perfect for a driver
this organ ohmic steel
I think we should just pick one you come
here to show me you look great you're
hot bro
well you can't hear anything am i
screaming okay good now you kind of are
what
I'm a knight
I'm Anubha knighted and before we went
to good ball piano we were going as I
did into the car and we found the songs
and it was from Daddy for mommy for
Valentine's Day and it was a gift
it deploys a box and then inside the box
was another box tied in a ribbon and
then she opened the box untied the
ribbon and today with a necklace inside
of it but I got the ribbon which is more
important
but mommy isn't like she doesn't like
too Pleasant I'm the Pleasant said you
didn't want me and she's gonna lose it
pretty pretty curling ID I found out
with a fluffy unicorn
had to take some piano and after we will
before were playing piano practicing
piano we're only 8,000 if I haven't
finished but I'm a list is done and I
just learned this song today at piano
it's called skip tomorrow
what did you do you not my stumble down
Piper Thank You hailey do you do that
what other one do you have bingo I mean
not single why did I say bingo Oh
Bluebird I when I say bingo I mean
finger okay sorry my bad spring morning
that's pretty
what's going on you're making a mess
looks like you're making confetti you're
making an art project what's the end
result gonna be confetti I know I know
it's gonna be confetti yeah okay one
more guess one more guess
confetti it's almost Valentine's Day
no I'm yeah what kind of Valentine's Day
project is Annie working Oh oh my
goodness
what is going on here how many trees
were for the ground okay all right
I am getting ready to good but there's
most likely that we are not having
school tomorrow so we're going to watch
a movie we might watch Cloudy with a
Chance of Meatballs 2 because my mom
hasn't seen it yet and it's a really
funny movie so that's what we're gonna
watch well might and so now it's time
for the question of the day roll the
clip to Reagan papers Haley
my name is Reagan I'm 13 years old and
I'm from Seattle Washington and the
question of the day is what's your
favorite state my favorite state is
Florida bye
my favorite state is Texas
I just love Texas so that's my answer
don't get to come down below you want to
know the question of the day what's your
favorite seat
roll it on to cable hey guys so um - a
little bit of Minecraft in the
background um and so I guess it's time
for the question of the day which is
what is your favorite state so my
favorite state is probably Texas that's
my answer the question today comment on
below
you know the question of the day is what
so any rubbing your eyes again look what
was what will your favorite um bake -
Texas I resent that put yours Texas I
mean one mine
what is worse I don't know hey guys so
I've got something my favorite is
Florida Disney's will does and I got out
of it I'm trying to give him the bath
bath and I asked Emily flip and get for
it so just been subpoenaed by he's mom
and cute ass out the snow has begun
yep
whether you supposed to start for
another hour thanks for watching Britt
Taylor
