today I'm bakalyan she lives in trouble
states she does live in the state of
trouble Piper
stay off the counter you're going to get
locked in your cage by time for
you know we are done with school and I
was just getting ready to go to nap to
film on Aykroyd a video I've got all my
stuff you're just getting the shoutout
and today is massive conditioning and me
Haley are playing on this dry race dry a
race little calendar and I'm whole cat
family my life yeah
oh how to put a headless cat C and this
and then I will make the cat not
headless did that wrong that would kind
of spoil
and going course don't judge this is the
worst course in history of course I
don't see a horse yet but I'm waiting
oh ok I see it now mine is ha ha Wow
chubby legs is your cat huh boy really
180 degree 4 but maybe one does tail
like one does tail yeah I wouldn't guess
yeah that's his tail sorry what were we
thinking
well I was thinking that it was fun legs
and so uh would you have truly hanging
out in the house and getting ready to do
drast goat goat I'm ready
well I'm waiting I'm going to gymnastics
ok that's easily not were going to pass
right that's his name how do you like my
whole we do it his nameis what's his
name Bob yeah it's Haley Haley okay yeah
yeah mommy's setting a camera up and
while she is I'm big and I have a
blending mop hey my name's I I'm gonna
show you the box
stop it I'm perfect it work at this
alright I think I'm ready are you ready
yeah
you need to do something first I can't
really walk why can't you walk well
stretch out I can't even do it hands
down
see ya okay
now we know you're stretched I'm
stretched oh great slide I can do
backhands I'm it I don't know if I'm gay
yeah I thought you were ready huh a
Glock you okay Oh No who can't hear Joe
Oh
oh yeah oh my okay yeah good I'm ready
to get a little behind the scenes of
yeah I was recording set my phone
ringing folk alarm it was not my phone I
was in a middle of a dance routine it
went something like yeah okay now let's
go ah here not on this camera
let's I'm gonna show you how you look oh
no I'm stuck in there oh let me see what
did you do what it don't why they laid
off you smashed your bum all right I
better get going okay all right so
Annie's wrapping up her a kuranda video
and she's got some bloopers going on
because she keeps messing this line up
so let's see maybe of turning on this
camera she'll get it but let's see okay
oh my gosh she completely forgot what it
was what do we say if you want to see
lie unz laughs you want to see piper
bark at the window just keep watching it
you want to see like wait let me get her
come here okay you think you got it
but just in case yes you say the whole
thing over again I wasn't listening
thanks hey oh if you want to see lots of
conditioning tips of keeping your body
in shape I got it oh gosh
alright this my day ho if you want to
see you lap know what's the okay we can
do it I'm a definition that's one reason
the whole thing over I was listening oh
okay I thought you're gonna do the thing
and he's trying to say alright wait let
me make sure you're on camera okay yes
you can live it takes to get me a half
okay
it's a the whole thing over oh really
I'm a kid and you want to see useful
conditioning tips of keeping your body
in shape then just keep watching
oh hey guys so
well driving to the gym because it was
bored at home and
any so after my I are heading up there
watch it it did nothing there is nothing
to do it and I'm watching Plato on
mommy's phone we can see because it's
all free
my god
so I just sat down with gymnastics and
today was one of my friend's birthday
and we got some cupcakes and Haley
wanted some and she didn't know I was
gonna share her so she was a little sad
until I told her who wants the icing and
then she said me because I don't like
the icing and she loves the icing so it
works out perfectly
oh and I almost forgot I did I did a
connection on your low beam it was the
back walkover back handspring for the
third time pit stop at chick-fil-a we
don't normally get to do this at night
well after gymnastics because we usually
have Olivia
Jaden Emma wait so since we don't cuz
mommy bring me home today we are waiting
to have him fixed up at it Renee why
didn't they come on
thank you very much he cut their
daughter food Haley because um mommy
wasn't supposed to pick me up because it
was Olivia's turn so since mommy was
already there
she just from so it's been a long day
but wonderful and I'm home from
gymnastics everyone's here getting ready
to go to bed and first we are going to
do the question of the day roll clip -
Missy - Shelly I think the clock my
deliveries gone up and the question of
the day shall be which country do you
come from
so the contrary 11 is the United States
she lives in trouble states she does
live in the state of trouble
hyper stay off the counter you're going
to get locked in your cage by so we all
over United State is nice States did you
know that yes no yes no I did not touch
you
oh yeah sorry but she said the car oh
yeah sorry sorry I just made that up
no no she was in the hallway and you
were editing while I was in your room
and um Haley came upstairs to tell you
okay baby and then okay he was like no
Haley way oh yeah sorry she doesn't like
when you guys pretend cry or really cry
for that matter
oh my I know just go remember that okay
did a wild passion Oh spank oh she's got
Dorothy shoe all right we got a call
tonight don't forget to call me down
below there's really no question
hey what kind you doin
baked potato baked potato baby thanks
for watching
Britt Ailey
