hi for me so mommy's job is to cook that
because I don't want to get um born my
hands so yeah I have to open the G the
little cheese um so I wanted to be on
mine and here's the talking YUM mommy
wanna pick it up so it wouldn't need
cold yeah so long an ass is hanging out
at the house soon lunch got it you are
an excellent cheese opener hard day's
work huh in the hot chocolate you're
crazy
can you give me to the bed Brandon is it
then we gotta butter it wait don't put
the cheese on you I got a better it oh
can you do it or do you want me the
healthier he's going to have what oh
okay spread it on your bread okay
don't stab your bread what your bread
ever do to you
nothing that's right ask going I'm gonna
look it up I like that I have been a fan
and um somewhat of a doing though fan
there is it called The Wizard of Oz yes
and you live it more a salt fan oh yeah
and sugar
yeah whoops hey hey good do need some
help yeah you can do this so would you
think that I am so scared because aren't
you yelling you're like hold it up and
just go up high
okay hold your plates steady I am
but the young grilled cheese sandwich
all right let me help you down yeah okay
we need some fruit and maybe some chips
I found like a good month yeah I'm
looking for food
okay where's that oh sorry it got you oh
boy
now we had these grapes need to be
washed
but Oh jiggly
this 70 Glee really really high bye see
that I'm dumb me and Haley both have
gymnastics tonight and we decided that
we wanted to make up our own routines
here's Haley's
all right let's see Caleb the judge for
me oh he did and I'm doing something man
what do wait
funny thing just happened we do this
carpool and today we were picking up
everyone and we were just about to pick
up on one of my friends and then um
another girl's mom called my mom and
said that she wasn't feeling well so
she's not coming
and then so we went to my other friend's
house to pick her up and her mom thought
that she texted my mom um that she
wasn't coming so I was a little weird
but that texting go through so we showed
up at her house and we and then Haley
who was knocking at the door and then
her mom comes out saying she's not
coming
so along and get the text and now
hopefully Olivia's coming your honor
they're on our way to her house I hope
to two out of four people aren't coming
yeah and she ball hopefully and the
worst part is that I brought all of them
fruit snacks well that in case we can
get you all of them I just got home from
pure monastic side a really good day
loved bars and now we are going to go to
the question today pass it on to Harriet
hi I'm Harriet I'm 13 and I'm from
Colorado and I think the question of the
day should be if you could be any
fictional character who would you be and
why so I'll probably probably be amy
duncan from good luck charlie this
because I think she's really cool and
funny so hooty-hoo Juby thank you bye
I would want to be Olaf because he's
really funny
and he really doesn't mean to be funny
that's just the way he is
so but you're going to pass it on to
Haley mine is Dorothy but I don't have a
right now pass it on to Caleb hmm oh so
invert that pass it on to Caleb hey it's
me Caleb
and it's time don't rap don't video home
and so um I'll just go right into the
question today and I'm probably most
like Patrick because he's pink in I peek
and so that's how we're alike so now is
Haley's turn I think
so comment down below cuz we wanna know
the question today is what fictional
character would you like would you most
like to be in while see you guys there I
mean tomorrow ah
baseba take baby
thanks for watching
Britt Ailey
