today on the tail we tie for my good
yes for a bit more a little bit more
icing gosh your pocket your baby's heart
don't don't you heart of that hole pop
it when we're not plane already you pop
up a little boom I will get down boom
boom I think okay so we just got a girl
in school not home and we are going to
play some pop up a loop ha ha being I'm
gonna play the first round or the second
round at any time then kill kill drum
it's so much he's still working okay
my numbers when you're playing and it's
not exactly about the pop open a let
Haley's talking so scared
it's gonna pop of mic on yep 3/8 you
sing go one two three okay give me see
baby hahaha
now you have to do one three times and
somebody Chloe is 3 ok that was fun
she's gonna put a fan hey your turn
nearly
why are you guys running very happy
don't go to that one oh this one right
here do this one right here yeah the one
who you said was better
well I know did this want a promise
promise now yeah it's gonna hot it's
gonna pop I don't prompt super but any
promises it's a so that pops you got it
yeah I promise no bubble right here I
didn't it's gonna pop if you guys pop it
pops in here mister okay let's just lay
down all right
that part even need to be in his head oh
I wasn't gonna cups you were right I was
but I was filming around to second you
know where show that ha did it pop I'm
gonna pop it in border hold it oh I'm go
keep going all the way ed hey
now it's not gonna work just get down
okay wait we'll just just take one of
these put on face what other way oh
don't know just don't jab it just go
with this no oh damn it no it is the
Battle of the balloons Haley is having
trouble
blowing hers up look pretty guys ready
ready ready ready
so having fun knowing come out on the
play
Oh baby one died
Oh Haley can you please tell me what
we're making yeah what what are the
ingredients we need Jarrah show me you
got to show me chocolate and the min and
a plate
oh and plate see good go get me a knife
you also need a knife and then Annie's
gonna pour the chocolate let's give Amy
not too much get over this okay that's
good
you do is it get your lucky ducky for I
can handle Tomi eating okay why cuz I
don't eat it eat it
see us eating yeah are you guys being
crazy on here
Oh God so it's me Cup and I um and just
gonna record because mommy and Annie and
Haley her over at miss Paula's house and
doing some um and Hales doing gymnastics
guys upstairs doing been doing some
toothless tear stuff and some potato
stuff so pretty much me to Pipe with you
hey hey so um I plan my graph because
I'm out of this week but right now so um
the girls forgot them the camera as you
can see that's why I have it
so pretty much I really just you're not
gonna see um you're not gonna see any of
Haley doing gymnastics today so today
was a pretty good day I went to Sidney's
house had a play date but we forgot the
camera so we didn't get to film that
sorry about that we left the camera here
and we danced tears would have happened
read is the the song called happy it's
fun to dance dance to so now it's time
for question of the day pass it on to
Casey
hi my name's Casey I'm 10 years old I'm
from England this question that is what
she'll save time to eat in the day like
a the time crunch time sure at school
my favorite meal is a lunch and I eat it
about 11:30 to 12 o'clock my favorite
time to eat is definitely not in the
morning even though that's when the best
foods are there um it's what what
Saturday morning it's because I want to
go back to bed
you don't like to wake up in the morning
definitely when I know I have to go to
school
so anyways um it's probably around the
night meaning like six through to a
o'clock so that's worse the day it is
I'll repeat it um what is your favorite
time to eat and see you guys tomorrow
baked potato baby
thanks for watching Britt Ailey
