today that's the coolest thing ever
happy Sunday everybody we are getting
ready for a morning of fun we're headed
to the Santa Monica Pier this morning
for I think it's the UCLA Children's
Hospital and Mattel for like a party on
the pier and it's like a benefit and
we're gonna hang out at the pier and
walk the red carpet and have some fun
today and Hayley is knee-deep in hair
she is picked out her there we go
literally me she picked out of her own
outfit I mean obviously I the pieces
were in her closet but she put it
together she picked the shirt and the
overalls and she's pairing it with some
boots and she's doing her own hair she
practiced last night this hairdo it's
not doing it exact it might take a few
minutes to perfect it that's the worst
part is how much your shoulders hurt
yeah it looked really good last night
but I'm sure it's gonna work out Annie's
in the shower so we're just still I'm
not she's taken like a 20 minute shower
so far and she's not out our no hasn't
been an hour wait I think I think is out
and you out oh yeah okay so we're gonna
finish getting ready and we'll see you
guys in a little bit
oh my gosh peek your head out she did
not take her makeup off first
wait you kids not poking me oh geez yeah
the window is foggy so I saw it put up
all right we'll get you a makeup wipe
and we were home and we were that way or
you sick we were so tired so makeup kind
of stayed on last night but I'm gonna
get our makeup wipe and we'll see you in
a little bit Hey
hey we were dressed and ready the hair
problem got fixed she ended up getting
it and nailing it again she did him all
by herself
fashion show me see that walk Haley yeah
yeah Annie let me see it
all right me and I hope it girl she's an
actual fashion that like
you both look super cute so we are here
we just got here Santa Monica Pier
there's like a blue carpet and then I
don't know what but here we're gonna no
we're not gonna get run over
okay so we're gonna go into it the
weather's beautiful everyone wear
sweatpants watching yes we could create
our own event like no like totally like
I'm not kidding I should be in heaven
and Doritos Doritos all right well we
can do our head maybe for your birthday
can we do that my goodness yes we were
gonna have like a red carpet and
everybody comes to the red carpet in
there yes in their sweatpants and
Doritos everyone brings one bag of
Doritos socks
who ever get that it was a fan who gave
us Dorito socks well played well played
Hayley who you walking the carpet with
today all right these guys are about to
walk the carpet I'm gonna go find a spot
and stand that's we can watch Annie I'll
meet you guys at the end of hey oh yeah
I need to get who these kids are so in
case I forget who are these kids
okay got it get me the dog oh yeah right
Lily leaders where's Louise Louise needs
a sheet of it
fetch upon that she can you get Louise
she
are you yeah always good to see you we
love Devore this is this is roomy I
don't know we haven't really figured out
what it is yeah
there was a bee on your face
you got a granny air over it like this
right here in just everybody watch out
don't ya
good try
they stopped us that's what I was
watching I'm like the blood pressure
who are you excited to meet up just like
him are you excited to meet Butler boy
twins tsunami I don't think I ever
noticed you had dimples and the cutest
little dimples ever look at that
and what did you can burn i got a
vegetable roll oh and mean burger
sharing these passports
we are at a sushi place
so this is the aftermath of sushi your
triceps yes but why don't your tricep
you talk about shoulder it's hard for me
to see in this light but I'm sure your
muscles are big they're big and so
Haley's drinking from her straw that
rush made her is it working
I knew it oh good Haley oh you guys look
so cute do it again and we'll screenshot
you guys do it again
you guys screenshot this I've got it
with us something but we sure ain't no I
think somebody walked by with something
hey you guys I have some sad news it's
time to purr Brooke and rush to leave
and we're going to see them we gotta
give a hug give a hug what happened
we'll miss you
we'll see you soon
is she crying she must be crying what do
you do here know what she does have
something there though making fun of my
car black it's hard to have because it
gets dirty easily black blacks the
hardest part of playing hard hard is
color dirt shows up clean your car
whites probably the next artist all
right
no why it's an easiness White's the
easiest to keep clean bye I'll see you
soon wise unify months not five months I
said by week about five weeks and I bet
you'll be back home not even close
say goodbye oh right yeah you got a
course the goodbyes all right say
goodbye that's the coolest thing ever
okay I like I feel like our light you
got it okay maybe not the light might
not change I laugh you gotta know is so
funny you can't see glass we don't do it
don't tap its hi scaring them yeah are
they gonna fly off when I sure right
you're scaring us
they do sound like they're laughing hey
okay we are home and we're we're packing
well we're falling we're deciding what
we're gonna take home not a big one
don't bring a big what you can bring
travel size perfume okay so we are home
getting our bags out and we're gonna
we're not majorly packing I know but
it's bittersweet
Annie has sad mascara running down it's
not really it's better she cleaned it up
it was pretty sad saying goodbye to
Brooke and rush and Hayden and mr. Jimmy
and miss Nicole but you know it was a
little traumatic okay it Haley's like I
didn't cry you did okay so we are going
to take these because we have a quick
trip somewhere when we get home and we
need our bags normally we don't need to
go back and forth with so much but we're
gonna
we missed our bags they've been here so
the good news is is we barely have to
pack but we do have to take our big
suitcases well they're not that big but
so that's what they're doing they're
gonna go take some of their what kind of
like Annie's like I want to bring some
LA memories home with me so we're gonna
go find out what those LA memories are
what's an LA memory show me one awkward
silence
I'm gonna take some of those home from
the photo from the photograph music
video
Halloween handcuffs what's that room
laser tags fidget spinner no handcuffs
were from Halloween okay so those are
some of the things we're taking home and
what's that a mini mini fidgets finish
yeah I said thank you and that's mine
now
so mostly just memories are going in the
bag clothes are mostly staying here just
Annie's bringing home some sweatpants
she said she's got a headache I'm just
tired I'm hyper and we go on a plane
tomorrow we haven't been on a plane you
guys we got your September 13th
tomorrow's November 6 when we go home a
month today what what she does I don't
know I didn't catch it I can't hear you
one more time we do I didn't know that
who's we me and you was this something I
don't know
Oh apparently there's a surprise for you
apparently okay not that mad it's all of
it cried off so that's our update we're
gonna get busy know what reveal oh the
foot reveal I thought you're gonna show
me what you're bringing home there's my
bag I just gotta throw my makeup in it
tomorrow
is that your weight oh this is a nice
bag are you done Annie are you packed
yeah she's editing right now cuz she's
got a we're gonna try to upload tomorrow
but with Danny we got upload tonight
because we won't be here tomorrow to
upload oh okay I'm ready yes yes yes
foot reveal Oh fancy are those Annie's
yeah and they fit me so no ma'am 9 year
olds don't do that I don't even know
about 12 year olds she wore those to the
jungle ball so they're a little small I
mean they're a little big on you
maybe maybe when you're a little older I
just realized I wasn't filming you and
if there's a slick oh just a specific
thing that you're going to but not not
for just in it would have to be anyways
I'm not getting into that right now
what how much tough yeah I know okay so
we are pretty much packed this is ant oh
it's already zipped up no it's not
Annie's got a couple things in here that
she wants to take home I am so few
things over here so like I said we're
not taking a lot home I just need these
for a coming trip as soon as we get home
we're going somewhere not as soon as
we're gonna hang with the dogs for a
couple days and then we've got a quick
trip for some work it's a place we've
been not your hint so let's go ahead and
do the question of the day we're pretty
much ready ready to go home tomorrow our
flights not super early thank goodness
we don't have to wake up on an alarm and
then I'm gonna help Annie make sure this
is done so stay tuned
Annie's Channel oh come here Haley miss
Haley's been pretty active on Instagram
so we need to give her Instagram a
shout-out yeah
she posted a few things yesterday with
my approval of course but it was all H
money written and there are some cute
pictures with Louie today that I need to
send to her and she can post ok
what's your what's your Instagram Haley
dot LeBlanc right dot yep H a y le y da
le B beautifully la and see I do it when
people ask I say over the phone it's
hard to hear what our last name is so I
spell it me or like cuz B and C or D or
I say B as in boy yeah ok or if you're
gonna do it with the phonetic alphabet
you say Charlie for C and you say Bravo
for B through that I like the way you'll
think my friend alright so yeah earlier
you heard me say that we're gonna be
back I think I believe I say the five
week that is B is importantly that is a
probably we have to be back here
tentatively and possibly in about five
weeks but plans could change it could be
sooner it could be later but anyway
question of the day I see a lot of
comments like these when I'm looking at
Instagram like tagged photos so we're
gonna say la vlogs are at home vlogs
what do you think home vlog I bet you if
we were at home for a while you'd be
like la vlog we just miss homes la blogs
Annie it's so bittersweet right now cuz
you know obviously for this past couple
weeks
Annie's like I want to go home I want to
go home and now that we're going home
and we're definitely going home and she
knows it now she she's quite sad we're
gonna miss everybody here okay enough of
that sappy stuff
we'll see you guys tomorrow we're going
home you guys get to see the dogs and
the house get to join us for that
journey home
yes Hayley oh she got to show me
something on camera well hurry up cuz we
Lex gots to go it's time to sign off for
the night
I gotta help Annie get this done are you
sad I don't you can watch videos and
I'll make you happy
it will oh my gosh I saw him came on the
radio in the car I mean which one it was
and Annie like started crying already
I mean no she did it those are staying
here right alright my friends we'll see
you tomorrow
comment down below your opinion on what
you think is more fun and interesting it
won't hurt our feelings so la vlogs are
at home blog we all love you guys and we
will see you tomorrow to celebrate
Beibei bye thanks for watching
Britt Ailey
