today I'm Batali we've had face for ice
cream places on the way on the walk here
so I better be good morning everyone
we're doing school let's get the camera
daily don't drop it don't drop it
I sleep in and that hungry fish my food
okay okay
No so I'm about to take a back slash our
and having decided yet but this I love
this all of us are so squishy but yeah
it's like squishy
swishy gushy gushy Ruby fever squishy
squishy and he loved do you think no I
have a minor over here mine I have this
thing is so squishy this she loves blue
where's know you're you wanted yours is
over here I want to grease is right
there so I'm gonna go jump in the bath
and get ready for the day we have set
well I've set today at 1:30 and yeah
that's it
we're early we have a one filming a 1:30
call time and we it's like 105 so we're
just sitting in the car and this is what
they're doing
oh and let's make this vlog all about
the sweatshirt Haley's wearing they
wasn't stolen she asked for permission
and Annie like any like well I can't
tell you no I couldn't choose like so
she said yes so you'd rather just be mad
at her all day yes okay here we go
well no I let me borrow one of my shirts
the other do not spill anything it's
hailing she's never had a short she
didn't right she had dippin dots all
over the shirt from the other 2l and her
defense dippin dots are messy but I mean
it was like all over her covered up with
a blanket right now you're ridiculous it
is literally like 75 degrees out another
gorgeous day here in Los Angeles
California
that was my weatherman voice um mostly
sunny with a high of 78 actually very
high it's fine 72 and there's no chance
of rain this door is hard to open
because we're on an incline all right
we're here and we're gonna just go in
early because they love to be on set
with their friends doing it especially
when they're early because then they can
like hang out hmm stop wait go hey we
girls here we go so today in a little
different today we're set up in a
parking lot like this is base camp and
that's the shuttle so hair and makeup
here and we're we're parking we're
parking in this random parking lot and
we're gonna get sounds like we're gonna
get hair and makeup and wardrobe done
here and then get in the shuttle and
shuttle somewhere else that's my guess I
don't know probably cuz there's no
parking absolutely wherever or filming
Dillon is inside I think and Haley's not
filming today she just wanted to hang
out with Carson she found out Carson was
actually Carson texted her and said are
you coming and at first Haley wasn't
gonna come she was gonna sell Oh speak
of speaking of which hey good how is
everybody so it feels good in here so
good in here it's very but it's nice
outside today we're wrapped oh sorry
we're going to session and sushi and
yeah actually I'm eating Oreos guys
we're gonna get to ji
they radio
no camera sorry
imagine looking for clothes aren't they
right here find my clothes
I know I closed my chatter you're
recording yourself you're recording same
time jitter Hydra narrow-mindedness
break Queen who break Queen bread braid
it up cruller oh that's my name yeah
that's her name now I'll take it I get
that everywhere I go
are they changing yeah okay
that's what's happening
and easier till miss your um Matt's here
Riley's here course and left and kittens
to here
Riley is here there's Riley she's
totally this is my and then we have the
most important singer sorry any I look
like a that was so you're so much
stronger I'm ready wow you guys are good
oh you don't need okay we have a little
fight in the blue corner we have paid in
Connery K sorry that's not how you say
your name and then we have then then we
had the best oh we all know who's gonna
win
it's Riley Lewis Riley Lewis is the
winner
yeah you're the winner hey y'all we're
at sushi and he and Haley is right here
he walk she's using her we're zeesoc
chopsticks 9 $4 was called a sword again
Kaden we are also with Dylan and Annie
of course with anyone's her book and
then we have brand new year I always
appear featuring up there I don't ever
look at that I mean look at that
are you snapchatting
all right we're eating sushi yeah
daily guess what I love you what's up
everyone right now we are going to get
ice cream you just ate dinner and me and
Dylan or Dylan and I whatever it is
we're doing like a new like feed on
Instagram it's called like the same
filter challenge and it's like what's
that all about you used she showed me
this app I was like data you cheat oh
cool new Yugi
so yeah that's what we're doing some
reason a picture is not showing up I'm
posting on the pages birthday but I
can't find the picture so we're gonna
figure out we happy birthday page honey
birthday page um and where you go cont
I'd write she's either gonna sit over at
my house at my sleepover at her house we
don't know because our call signs
tomorrow I'm pretty cool
it's blurry about game to baskin-robbins
I think you know I think it's crema
Street what's up I just okay it's right
there it should be right there oh so
we're walking and yeah yes yes let's do
it
when you vlogging slogged is stealing
most
well thank you why don't we just face
the ceiling back but because then you
can see me like that and Riley is our
director in our area right now so we
actually almost there soon as we get to
stop kissing and cheering us like that
is on okay just close your eyes okay
anyways everyone cream yeah it's really
good I'm really good survived whatever
you call it no spots no cream is made
it's ice cream made with some liquid
nitrogen
yeah is having a gay Nutella ice cream
you can tell you that me and you need
that in your life right everybody's done
they're like that's more than what I get
Nutella why am i filming like this
probably right there and it is about and
why am i down
it is about turn eight forty seven eight
you gotta turn it's almost 9:00
but this looks good almost 9:00 but it's
always time for ice cream oh yeah it is
you can always have ice cream they're
young I'm wearing my sister's hoodie
some of you guys will make me up camp
nothing if you can't so pretty actually
so pretty oh my goodness I told her that
she could get a telephone I was like oh
yeah
okay what's the Riley people here in the
way you guys there's a funny story about
this this ice-cream place in particular
we passed base for ice cream places on
the way on the walk here for like for
ice cream place all to come to this
place okay so it better be delicious how
many ice cream places that we pass to
come to this one I thought I counted
four there was one right by where we
might not even for might be exaggerating
but it was definitely what's wrong
this is beautiful I hope so she does for
them yes she does she's like yeah
so Curie go how was it where you going
Annie okay girls do and they're gonna do
school tomorrow
so how you're Alexa you need is good
night and have fun guys
oh hey Haley
you guys we have another late call time
so we are excited
Haley actually doesn't have a call time
tomorrow but we're all gonna go hang out
we're at the arcade tomorrow so no just
Annie but we're cheese we're gonna meet
them on set because Dylan she's going
with Dylan on set they have a call time
that's similar so we're gonna do a
question of the day and it is
sweatshirts or hoodies hoodies
everybody's goin hoodies hoodies are
we're gonna
yeah we're gonna text Andy the question
of the day so that she and Dylan maybe
we'll look a cute little planet all
right we're gonna get this little goon
to bed Blue Lagoon and I'm gonna do some
school in the morning and it's gonna be
a great day and then you'll see us on
the set and you'll see some familiar
faces nobody tell Jones and then have a
good night comment down below hoodies
are sweatshirts and give Haley a thumbs
up okay I wanna I wanna yeah thumbs up
thumbs ups for Haley's all the Haley's
in the world all the Haley's are getting
a thumbs up right now alright guys see
you tomorrow to celebrate
thanks for watching
Vitaliy
