music video to start today we wrapped
late last night
and we had to get up early this morning
and we're about to go in it's almost
8:00
call times at 8:00 I'm about to have to
walk but wake them and film music video
- it's gonna be a long day so let's get
the day started and what a beautiful day
it is sun shining warmly I think I woke
Haley where she's faking alright guys
I'm gonna get these girls inside because
it's probably not gonna be pretty so
hopefully we'll see some energy soon
well isn't Haley a little lucky duck you
guys we got to bed so late last night
and had to wake up so early this morning
but Haley walks into this room they said
this is where Annie will be I'm holding
today and Haley it was like obviously
bright here so for the last 10 minutes
Haley's been in here and we've been in
wardrobe but I'm gonna go get me a
little tour of that no I'm not because
she must be changing we'll do that in a
second
just kidding Haley would Annie be mad at
me if I laid down here went to sleep -
probably probably her closure some of
the clothes I have picked out are cute
so I might just go show that in a second
and okay so this is what we're gonna
tell them right now is some of you have
guessed what the second music video here
is we want to tell them what it's for
but it's good for a photograph remember
that chicken girl song hey Annie
recorded a couple weeks ago we're gonna
do the music video don't know at all
when it's going to be released I'm not
I don't get to know some of that
information sometimes but I'm sure it's
gonna be relatively quickly so guys I'm
gonna show gathered some chicken girls
it's another rat show it is cold man yes
Haley's in season two so she's coming
out coming in on the 8th 8th November
and if you saw it on Haley's Instagram
there's a trailer so if you haven't
checked out a Lee's Instagram
what are you Haley da ba ba yes I always
get all your accounts mixed up if I'm
wrong we'll put it on the screen but go
to Instagram follow Haley Haley Doug
leblanc and check out the trailer
because the trailer came out super super
cute and she did amazing and I can
actually I only know how amazing she did
from the trailer and from watching a few
scenes but I pretty sure she did amazing
so um anyways I can't wait to see it we
haven't even seen any of the episodes
yet they will get it early like I hit
checking your nose
I'll ask let's see if they'll give us my
episode 1 of season 2 and right now
right now right now okay alright we're
gonna go check on Annie
she's totally look at all this fun stuff
you guys maybe you'll see some of these
outfits in the music video what do you
think guys which ones do you think
they're gonna go with hopefully this one
cuz that's adorable
so I'm not looking so it's gonna be
kinda weird why
oh you're not lip-synching for this okay
running I don't think you're gonna run
that phone is really cool over here this
is so cool without the plan all right
you want another sip before I walk off
you're good okay he'll see you in a
little bit I'm sick I'm sick this is a
good thing you aren't singing like
recording today because you are
definitely very raspy at the perform
Oh Oh they've heard a sneak-peak clinic
brat posted a sneak peek a long time ago
when you look to hate sneak peek they
like sneak peeks though everybody's
pumped first shot of the day rolling
you
because of a and joined us in the
director seat hmm but she's got like the
best view in the house because like
here's the monitor and she can just sit
here and eat Doritos all day too bad you
don't have sweatpants how am I trying to
be artsy no I'm just trying not to show
you your whole outfit she's eating an
apple and we're going but oh she's
coughing that's not Haley alright
Haley was right behind me I'm not Haley
there no problem scuze me
there's Haley Haley and her banana and
her phone and my charger cuz we didn't
charge phones last night we are having a
little snack earlier she ate Doritos so
now we've moved on to a little healthier
we are seats filming second outfit and
all they got to see were the shoes and
the white pants we're going in here
sneak peek
there's our little sneak peek look
Manny's trying to kick me out look look
hey hold this because I want to show
them my secret oh I get that
Thanks go find a trash can
your banana is still in my hand
sometimes peeling a banana is hard right
mommy everyone knows this he might know
this but you come from the other end
that's how the monkey beat it somebody
might have told me that and maybe you'll
make made it up but I think it sounds
really good you're just easier everyone
knows this you too can be like a monkey
all right I gotta go put a trash can for
Annie's Apple and I'm gonna go on set
where are you gonna hang 8 for it what
are we gonna do we're in with the
producers right and they're about to
show Haley episode 1 of Manny we're
gonna get a little sneak peek okay okay
see it's gonna be out on the eighth so
stay tuned we'll get Haley's reaction
when that's over we'll see you in a
second we're gonna get sneak peek with
episode two as a lot of other night
all right yeah everyone was so good
right so good okay
no wrong aim is H money and I are
sitting on the sense that zoomin let's
see if it goes out hi you're so smart
and they're getting a last look a little
bit of a sweet aren't you guys I was
lucky like you show me you train man
he's going in for another wardrobe
change and yes Haley's going to try the
shoes on it she started the day with it
and he started the day with their pretty
fancy I may not need to buckle I just
walk in them cuz they're not gonna stay
on your foot anyway Haley's starting to
get into fashion she's loving it she
picked her own outfit out don't judge
the hair we didn't she's been working on
some stuff if it can if we can pull it
off Chaz handles all that stuff he left
he brought me a contract sign and
boogied on out of here
Chaz Chaz is our manager if you were
wondering
well really brunch brunch no it's lunch
it's 1:00
I don't know I'm gonna get a sandwich
and some salad and a cookie I mean
there's a lot of they broke into the
teachers I've had just kidding he gave
us I could just undo it it's fine a
little sibling fight it's no big deal
guys cover your call jeez are you
raising a barn so we're gonna sit here
and literally I really want Danny to lay
your head back and maybe try to snooze
for a little while cuz we are dragging
hey Lee had a two-hour nap if you
remember don't remember if I said that I
know she I said that she woke up guy and
Annie really needs a little bit of
something okay
hmm and maybe tonight we're just gonna
go not maybe more than likely we're just
gonna go home to the apartment after
this and crash eat dinner
Wow and crush you will I mean whatever
you do make someone amazing calls and
says hey do you want to go roller
skating yeah I don't know if I could
roll or gonna go home
make it like a movie night or something
kinky mothers
not my toe right here in those booths
okay Haley just got the green light from
the producers to show us chicken girls
episode
Dolph I mean six Episode six it's the
second one of the new batch no five was
out I was episode Halloween episode the
new one it was a new one
are you up to go watch or do you want to
sleep when you want to watch and sleep
right all right can we go I can make her
smile guess who we get to see and she's
definitely picked a favorite you guys
don't have right who you want to see on
Monday a little bit more enthusiastic
for my old Marsh man and Gigi but we
just saw her all right oh that's pretty
el hey mommy Hayley who don't match
saying that your sister Sam alright
ready break pony you guys are into oh
yeah sorry
action terrible Andy it was a
drama-filled and he's like oh we got to
see two of the next episode so far ahead
what we're all caught up on our ticket
girl
she's not she's happened her third
outfit all right here we go
okay Haley and I have found our spot
right now for this outside shot it's
called right where the Sun can hit us
we're gonna try to think of something
really artsy and really cool to say and
I my words escaped me but if we move
like six steps that way we're in the
shade what oh darn it
I'm using this clip I'm sending it to
myself to yourself but also we have two
more scenes around what their at-bats
rap on my camera well that's all it's
getting this cuz I've got your camera
right I only brought one camera there
you go all right so here we are in the
Sun okay I got you all right well that
was a fail I brought the wrong camera
out this is hard and he's been doing a
vlog if you guys didn't know bratayley
will get this clip and then I'll do that
strap on her as I guess so it's hard to
do both like I've been helping Annie
film herself today
so I've been doing two things but I
think it's working out so I think we'll
we'll continue to so okay so this is the
lash out of the day she said we're
getting me to shot maybe not tonight not
today no I am so tired I'm going home
and going to sleep someday alright guys
so I'm gonna switch over to Annie's
artsy shots did you miss the memo and
he's trying to Annie's very worried
about her footage that she's built on
daddy's camera just say can you send me
we transfer me the clips an imam that
from my blog did you film some stuff on
his camera
well you've got the good off oh that's
lovely you guys we're done two music
videos wrapped stay tuned you guys we're
gonna go home and eat dinner and crash I
know they were asleep in the car like
seriously
do you guys remember that I'm about to
have to walk wake them
it's probably just 15 minutes ago for
you 10 minutes ago for you was like
eight hours ago for us nine and a half
hours ago
nine and a half that's a lot how long
we're allowed to be on set they used
every minute every second but we're
happy so good I cannot wait to see them
I don't know which one's out first my
guess is ordinary girl will oh you
thought he'd get send them okay are we
gonna sit the seats up nice all right
guys we're gonna drive home we'll see
you in a little bit and thanks for
tuning in this long chain gaze we've had
a long day and it's time for the
question of the day the question of the
day Oh what do you want to be when you
grow up I want to be something with
photography or anything with animals I
don't want to be a fashion designer or
youtuber I kind of got the YouTube's go
30 SEC but yeah don't forget to comment
down below cuz you want to know that
question of the day is what you're gonna
be when you grow up so bye guys hmm no
that's you're not editing that's your
thing I'm editing right now that's your
thing remember to celebrate life
oh babe I thanks for watching
Britt Haley
