so we're outside and we finally get to
enjoy the snow we we're gonna go out
yesterday but it's too windy and the
snow is coming down really hard Piper
you gotta let go of that scarf knock us
down oh she won't let me get her now
let's get me down really harsh so now
we're out here the sun's out and it's so
brat no Piper hold that like it's right
here oh no oh you guys frozen
oh hey sandy just dropped the guy in the
snow only you could see that you guys
are covered and you know right now it's
dry you guys off oh so cold
all right I'm willing to attempt to
build a snowman
and I think I'm gonna build it right
here Mele freaking erectus no yes Piper
is gonna wreck the snowman shall we put
her inside yes please that's a big pile
when do try to build dresses a snowman
yeah do it
but I've learned this winter and all the
snow we've gotten this year is that we
are not very knowledgeable and
snowman-building because we can't seem
to get the snow to pack into a ball that
you can just roll it when I was little
that's how I used to build snowman I
would get it start a little snowball and
then I'd roll the snow and make a big
ball well what you can do is just wash
now and I'll guess it with Torah - a
snow a little snowball that's what your
palms on see it's not staying together
like a snowball how do you laughs you
know what we're doing wrong
yeah we definitely need some snow
building snowman building advice let's
try to make our pile bigger yeah see how
big we can make it then we can jump in
it we'll make our own fun oh you don't
want to jump in this one no nobody's
jumping is this no we get it really high
all right well you do your own Annie and
I will build a really tall ball of snow
a pile of snow okay let's just come over
here feeling you you keep laying in
there come over here and start making a
big pile the tiniest snow me
but you're giving him like lopsided
bodies we did when we found some pax
snow in the Sun but it's not rolling
very well this is what we came up with
the tiniest snowman ever I just made a
figure pack it in there how's your
homework okay let's do this homework is
horrible do you want to take a break
from your homework and come play in the
snow well look at these stairs you can
barely walk do you want to come out
right close the window
ready to get some snowman building with
us
I'm wet what is wrong with you - Durga
Vicious
oh no no no when I come see our our
beginning I was so new just pegged it
was no ball oh gosh she thought it right
at me
okay I'll go through that one oh my go
in for a sec sure
I have to do some statue
don't mess our snowman up I'm not it's
only the best oh man ever I'm carving to
make it beautiful naked smooth all right
but we need to work on our second ball
Caleb you're making our snowman
disappear did you just kiss the zoom in
oh yeah leave the heavy work to me ha
there you are
but you just accomplished there I made
yeah well I don't know if the snowman's
gonna happen all right he's gonna go
down the slide
Caleb Caleb I said down the slide yeah
do you make your mouth I thought your
mouth was bleeding for a second
how'd that feel go up the stairs
Caleb he'll do anything for a laugh oh
is what he'll do anything for a laugh
quote you good that hurt he can't do it
knock your brother
I do like in the cartoons you're not a
guard oh oh my gosh
make us no angel while you're down there
I wanted you I find a spot yeah okay
yeah now this is so yeah what step are
you on when you did that Caleb you're
not a stunt man but I saw look I cannot
believe you said that it would have been
better though if I'd been standing over
here at this angle oh look at that snow
angel
no you're gonna get hurt
slide down it what is that I was a
stuffed up I wouldn't let you do that if
I'd know what you were gonna do no I
shot man daredevil not stunt bevel okay
making your own compound words this has
snow on it which will make it be your
slip here and there's a big pile well
not that good
let's go I'm going on my knees since I
can't go on like yep I won't allow him
to go on his feet you want to go down
the slide Hayley you can go on your
bottom yeah all right come on you think
this is embarrassing
I don't know do you think he's
embarrassed yeah are you embarrassed for
him doesn't look at snow and then you
guys ruin that I see says the blind man
we're working on standing wrecks and
daddys just got this Lobby hot this is
what I get for making one of her sport
yeah he had to learn a spotter cuz she
was
water here yeah who's a better spotter
is he that seriously stronger one all
right flash hope that you just landed
like a boy what you boys played anyhow
how they finish yeah
so show me our girls photos and shut me
out you guys echo girls straw college
gymnast finish okay they do they do
flare they're excited especially on bar
zeal so me a guy know they're tight
that's right up show me a nice finish
so I'm sitting here coloring while
Caleb's reading a buck in my room and
I'm sitting here colorings in frozen and
Winnie the Pooh I started out with
Winnie the Pooh and then I have these
ones that are printing Olaf and then
another one that it was sprinting it's a
one of spin as a BP one so do it
Hey
thought it was Annie yeah doing I'm
trying to read you read under the covers
yeah I'm all dressed for bed I've got my
gyms on and my cheek brushed so now some
squares
today but I'm the only one that's going
to be doing it today because Haley's
asleep on the couch
and Caleb's asleep in my bed yeah that's
right in my bed that lump is him there's
his head see ya
he fell asleep in my bed while freed so
now it's time for today we are going to
pass it to Christie hybrid family my
name is Christie and today the question
of the day should be what time do you
guys wake up and go to bed on school
days so I was usually wake up at around
7:30 even though I supposed to wake up a
little bit earlier than that and I
usually sleep at like 11:30 and depends
on how much work I have
I go to sleep on school nights at all I
would say on gymnastics days about ten
o'clock and are not gymnastic stays
about bank there so I wake up in the
morning about um 7:20 ish and and go to
Seoul so there we go see you tomorrow
don't forget to come from luck cuz every
want to know I show the day is what time
you go to bed on school nights and what
time do you wake up on school nights by
ah
baked potato babe
thanks for watching
bratayley
