I was begging and begging
there was a delegate for was his name
was her name-o p IP erp IP erp iper
piper was his name-o there was a farmer
had a dog and i / was her name-o i p ER
i peo iper - what's her name family
instead of farmer there was a baby had a
dog Piper was her name family had a dog
Piper was but why the family had a dog
and Piper was her name Oh Pete I heard
ripped apart the idea
and they love loves bathroom humor there
was a family had a dog and bingo was his
name-o Ã´ i peo i peo i PE I and Piper
was her name-o
and Piper
motor dibs
got enough stuff get the right this red
ones
I don't know
okay
well
Haley what was your favorite character
precious versus they named the dog after
me right because I'm precious no be cold
it's not being a big ol weenie you won't
be cold that's the secret to not being
cold
oh wait
you're gonna walk like that all the way
to the car
my goodness we might be here a long time
yeah a crab yeah a long walk to the car
oh you could be like a frog all right
come on and I'm gonna walk like this
it's like a normal person all right do
cartwheels as a car
then cold it might be too cold to do
handstand walk all right let's see it
Caleb and we're still walking do the I
don't know where the car is I think I
fall okay closer
yeah into the car you little ballerinas
in the car everybody because it's six
o'clock and a mini we just came out
anyone you want but I see three first I
see you one they probably commented
first at the same time - OH
three four four people commented burst
I'm just gonna say some grats cuz that's
king - king who are they ali-a Louis La
Veta DK
and okay
so today's video is cold he's making fun
of mice for it and I'm just commenting
on that so now I'm commenting on mom dad
Gila science I said that wrong she said
hi she said sup I'm in here in my room
playing my app called doodle jump it's a
fun game I just got it and I I'm very
excited that I am in my room relaxing
cuz I don't really get that much time in
my room by myself relaxing playing some
games by myself a lot since we've
watched the movie nut job today I'm
going to rate it one to ten ten the best
I'm gonna give it a 9 and 1/2 min so now
time for the question with it hey hey
hey what do you say sound for the
question not the day roll the clip to
Lindsay hi everybody my name is Lindsay
I am 11 years old and the question of
today is which youtuber would you like
to meet um I have five so you can choose
as many as you want
okay so - Carson leaders MattyB Johnny
Orlando the Shaytards and we're telling
you you guys are awesome so comment down
below because we want to know the
question of today
what future barbecue right
probably kittiesmama don't subscribe to
kittiesmama hey guys I'm to me hailing
we saw a movie today and my favorite
character was precious his name is
precious and he goes a sign Mazzoni and
the question is what's your favorite you
tuber and mine is um mine is a dude
going on - Caleb come on Caleb yeah but
BAM what hey guys so I probably read it
a 7 because well I really robberies in
just seven um and so my favorite
youtuber is probably Beijing Canadian
and I'm gonna apologize if you are
subscribed to my channel that I haven't
been posting in a while she spent too
hard because I'm doing this and so I'm
gonna be posting every Monday so you'll
have a video hopefully tomorrow and if I
don't get one on tomorrow every Tuesday
and Thursday so please enjoy this video
and
based on baby
thanks for watching
Britt Haley
