today on the pay way seriously can you
go back to Disney World
hey guys I'm making some play-doh after
school and I just some entacle and I'm
making some sandwich with a little
banana on that and yeah we need to sound
what don't
she don't even know how to make a very
good job I don't wear this many mouths
but I already make some you can make
some more on vegetables and horsemanship
Sanders know any better this is gonna be
the weirdest sandwich well that's what
Mickey Mouse said she said that what are
you talking about Oh make a Mickey nose
picnic yeah can I tell you a secret it's
not really a secret but can I tell you
something then your shirts on backwards
your tags up at your neck pick and tie
either way I guess that's why I didn't
notice that when you asked me to tie it
so what do we have here we've got some
picnic bucket play-doh we're having a
little play I think they're having fun
well we'll let you mix it could you mix
up no suppose to mix please try some why
I'm making some so you're just
getting your I'll give you all dears
oh gee thank it all her scraps Annie
that was nice of you
that's what a cookie how can Wow what
you're eating a sandwich yeah cheese
sandwich think I need that got some
bananas I'm gonna put it in the bread
I'll tell you what you guys shouldn't do
you guys should not do play-doh
tutorials online well you got it on
video no that bean now that would be a
no like she said that would be a no this
has to be done by
I don't know if you guys get here but
she just said hi I'm sitting here don't
judge me that's her new thing don't
judge me yeah you go to the park
furniture okay well here's what you do
you turn left until you find a ditch and
then you go on additionally go slip the
slip
yes to go the other way
you were right go that way go around
hailing you see the door
don't listen to them okay the door is
not opening
Fany love her out but she chooses to
wear
what she tried to push instead of books
and she's opening up myself
okay
like she made it in this time she's
gonna come back around 6:00 I don't want
to play
she initiator no good top their shoes
taking her shoes off a crazy girl behind
your Annie
she's getting fingerprints all over that
clean man
she's done apparently she's got her
shoes wait for my ride and I got a soap
treat popsicle and I wanted to read you
guys the skip and jump
why do strings netherland what strings
never win do you know do you do tell her
the answers okay then don't tell me let
me try to see if I can figure it out why
do strings never win I don't know why
because they can only tie strings like
shoe string so they can't win they only
tie I get it she's not done with her yet
Harry you said your soap oh yeah so do
you guys eat these just to get to the
joke or you eat them because you like
them but can't be both she said why you
tippy it could be both if you say the
words out directly link oh my goodness
Hayley you're always stealing from Liv
and Maddie is that your favorite show
Maddie is not now I'm Jessie but it is
my second yeah it's a generality made
it's good luck charlie then what is it
again whatever matter
my favorite is oh don't talk with your
mouth full my favorite
I love the moment charlie all right
let's read Hailey's joke go on the
internet how do trees go on the internet
these are so corny
yes like corny joke Lee McMahon carnage
what's today corny joke Thursday that
was corny today I guess the bar one what
I got Salado Haley so we got a rip on
this hand and I have a bubble on this
hand that feels very weird I see this
may look tiny
but it speaks when I was doing a back
walkover to warm up one on the beam it
started bleeding all the way down my
hand
it really hurt and some back from your
mastics a lot clearer I didn't get a
giant rip it this big and now time to do
what we can i shiver and some someone
says blood only when someone else's
blood blood blood blood so let's pass it
to Chloe daily I'm Chloe I'm 13 years
old and I'm from New Zealand I think the
question of the day should be how tall
are you I am a hundred and fifty seven
centimeters by
thanks Chloe so I don't know how tall I
am off the top of our heads but we're
just gonna have to measure so here we go
me first ready I'm gonna mark the wall
all right all right you grab that side
I'm tall grab that you are 52 inches
almost exactly go back to Disneyworld
seriously can we go back to Disneyworld
please and what ride was it the Manta
well you had to be 52 inches
you sure great weight now get on our
tippy toes down sand flap and all the
way back and stand up tall
okay arms down by your side and you hold
the pencil like this and it rested
against her head turn okay you got it
yeah all right we got a measure it now
why don't we see what the tape measure
says 42 inches in half 42 and a half and
reach this far I can't see I gotta get
all through that hair all right have
that much hair you all right there right
come you're not 73 caleb is 56 inches i
am 52 inches and hailey is she's 42 and
a half inches right Junior if 52 all
right Chloe we've really enjoyed Russell
today so everybody go and come down
below thanks for watching Brit Haley
