today on the Paley what did the
apple-trees say hey I saw where in the
car and today we are going to guitar so
we're in the car going to the yeah so
we're we're in the car going to guitar
and as you can see a few days ago I had
my hair and a braid and then I said
after school I'm going to take it down
well we ended up taking it down not
filming it and then putting it back up
into braids so I took it down today
after school so it's crimps now hailey
did the same thing and mom we're gonna
go get and play
I really wanted like I said we're going
music - guitar - guitar and after guitar
we has some
someday no errands to run because
tomorrow Haley first school Haley needs
playdough and Hayley Hayley Hayley it's
a coincidence play now Piper Piper
chewed up to one he looks to toothbrush
she was pretty much is brushing her
teeth
that's another thing we're to get
tomorrow I can't Haley doubt about the
play-doh thing I mean i smart oh why did
I say that
sorry so we'll see you later I'll go
down down Haley about the planar thing
anyone so we're not going to talk today
or singing
hey these hairs but really today because
she had it in braids and then we took it
down so it's curly frizzy today crazy
well you know money to pay piano guitar
a nice finishing only you knew that
account better than I should say could
you can count she can just count how
many bills they're 21 so we're starting
at 20 now I'm just doing the trade there
ones Warren 21 where's your whisper
warning
so I didn't want to do piano for a long
time
I got a keyboard for Christmas and now I
wanted my guitar guitar teacher yes and
now I get to play piano the end but
before you start thinking that I'm gonna
be playing piano guitar violin and I'll
be singing I'm not gonna be doing I'm
still gonna do things I'm not gonna do
it very often but violin is that school
so that's doesn't really count as like
so I'm really just switching back and
forth to piano guitar each week but I
may be doing piano next week - yeah but
still practicing darn I'm just so
excited I even learned a song and that
the singer - 1 2 3 4 5 1 2 3 4 5 I can
count to five now
I'm just outside I even wear this song
it's called Bluebird
and before I learned like that I didn't
Olivia
where's it easy teaching me that on
piano when I'm reading it
you are following one like two lions
you're hauling two lines but in one
little I don't know if you know that
well I'm sorry I I keep trying to say
threats from frets frets frets I said a
city of Olivia
they play piano but they're way ahead of
me and the beatty but their teacher is
the same teacher that's teaching me
so my arms getting tired now we'll see
you later
so here's the thing Caleb's doing his
homework and meet Hitler being a little
bit too round so we got sent up to our
mom gym which is good because we got
sent up here to watch TV and her bed
picked on me for watching Austin Ali and
I'm eatin a part of the gummy bear that
we got from Evan - still we still gonna
I still have the joke limit where I eat
the little what's the joke say okay let
her eat it cuz she's a awesome reader
did the Apple say to the phone what did
the apple tree what did the apple tree
say this is she's not even reading it
stop picking it said don't eat my apples
mr. farmer stop picking on me what was
yours
you remember Oh what did the elevator
same to the other elevator I'm no I I
think I I think I'm coming down with
something so hard still doing wrong work
because it's just one of those days that
I'm just gonna be sticking or
still on homework pretty much today yeah
you want in
is it raining is it really raining hey
good thing you've got a covered porch in
here I really wish you would sit on
chairs properly you don't need all that
cushion Piper do you want to come inside
come on come on I just got done with my
homework finally so now let's just wrap
up the cook wrap up this day so then you
guys hey nice Yuta
breakin so the question of the day is
take it away for you hopefully that's
how you pronounce your name Venus yeah
paper tailor my name is Arielle and I'm
13 years old
and the question of the day is what is
your eye color my eye color that's
breath bye
thank you how are you um my eyes color
or brown pretty sure
um hope Pipers or brown okay you want us
to use your question of the day for you
guys to be in the video go to potato
comm slash uploads and upload your video
there viewer 13 it's older than your
file if you are 12 and younger then you
need to get your parents permission
saying that they gave you permission to
upload this video in the video before
you start talking so they need to be in
it before it's all here we'll edit the
mouse hi guys and I'm dressed and the
question of the days which what is your
eye color my mine is um boil
so goodbye see tomorrow
down below cuz we wanna know what not
dance so I'm giving some reading done
I'm on chapter 4 it's part of my
homework and my eye color is brown we'll
see you tomorrow don't forget to comment
down below cuz we won another question
the day is what is your eye color
bye see tomorrow Hey
based on database
thanks for watching
Britt Haley
