good morning everybody
no more you found a love Zack so here we
are at the rock your hair house I can't
get us off that's okay I just gave you
guys a minute if you're not what it's
not morning it is morning but Annie
slept on the whole like hour and 20
minute car ride and we just got here and
we are about to start getting ready hair
and makeup and clothes and we're gonna
film a music video and then maybe it'll
be out in like a week or so week or two
to hopefully Matt hopefully max and you
guys can feast your eyes on it and maybe
there'll be a little behind the scenes
here and I think Mike and Michelle are
here doing behind the scenes so you're
gonna be able to go to rock your hair a
little while the rock your hair Oh
YouTube channel and check out their
behind the scenes because they're way
more professional than me this is just
flog style theirs is actually behind the
scenes so I'll have the behind the
scenes behind the scenes and now I'm
gonna stop talking because hmmm this
morning it's like 10 o'clock in the
morning
alright we'll stay tuned guys the whole
days in front of us annie has invited
some of her friends to be in the music
video for a few of the shots and I think
this little cute face is gonna be in it
so
scuse her gosh geez morning that no one
cares
alright see you guys in a little bit
okay I have a feeling that Haley is
going to be laying here pretty much all
day we have gotten up though cuz Annie's
been called in to hair and makeup and
wardrobe wardrobe was but hair and
makeup are professionals let's go take a
peek
this is what we always referred to as
behind the scenes of behind the scenes
that's right here we go
see in three hours that's getting take
the coals the queen of saying
inappropriate things on the camera so he
said we're gonna bring her a lollipop so
we don't have to edit her out all the
time now everybody wants to know what
Nicole says see I just felt like what
like what Burke's mom said something
character now what's that for except to
not get eyeshadow on you know this for
paint Jackson art of the eye oh look I
thought it was like some tool to not get
like that for bangs yeah that's cool
we're getting like a little facial going
on here while you get your hair done I'm
gonna facial no you like they belonged I
mean they're amazing finished look ready
yeah I think you're going
doing buying the scene with Michael um
no I'm gonna do like well I'm shooting
just like five seconds Oh Oh on your
vlog okay that's a plan let's get a
sneak peek up the first shot of the day
should get in her direction like light
lights up you grab a pencil right here
yeah so your loadout livestream study
break so the only thing you're doing is
this shot right now is it's going to
look like you're writing in your
notebook as you're sitting in the
beginning of that verse and then on a
live stream study break you kind of
lower it and hook straight into cam
singing and the idea is your signal live
stream into the camera yeah can you lay
on like your stomach here facing the
camera and that
Haley's turn season the hot seat I
wouldn't say this the hot thing this is
the fun seat all right we're gonna see
what they come up with
okay here's Haley's outfit for hanging
out with friends no she didn't wear that
shirt yesterday I don't think and you
know what if she did who cares
she didn't wear it in the secret project
she would well Oh under under under the
skirt romper like whatever dress overall
dress alright so she left I was going to
talk to her but she left
so what scene are you on third fourth
shot which one outside wheat line
three four five six cool we did the
dress shop oh there's a dress shot
giving away secrets it's not really a
secret nothing in this video is super
secret it's just you know we don't want
to give it away before you see it
Hey and even her glam outfit here are
the here's the crew that have been nice
enough to come and help us
shoot Annie's music video technical
difficulties back there I know the wind
the wind is not cooperating we might
have to think of a different reason
stand in the Sun let me show you come
here from there no let's go for real no
come in the Sun scared of the Sun
oh hey let's put it on yes is that
better
I'm melted
one cameras blur I'm doing double duty
here and trying to do a nice stuff for
her and try not to get the same footage
this is Dakota this is a third of the
triplets God I don't know if you guys
know it but he did triplets and here's
the fourth but for real he is Matt and
Riley's triplet did you guys not know
that they were triplets well you do now
congratulation what's going on down here
are y'all gonna chew bubblegum for this
I cannot wait till this comes out I want
to see it all in action that's the best
part it's like seeing all the behind the
scenes and seeing how they do it and
then seeing how it comes out you guys
didn't know you're getting free
bubblegum today did you good time-lapse
that's what everything hard to chew
Haley made the mess I'm not surprised
right now no no I was just there were
supporting nothing yeah
oh my gosh I couldn't do that that's
weird
no offense Anning you don't look weird
but I would feel weird for that shot I
don't feel like I'm like this I'm
worried don't make it a big deal right
now huh was too too much okay yeah I'm
gonna how many you need the two girls
who are gonna do the kisses on the side
you know just do it
Dylan's like I need a little longer you
guys can just like a little bit ready 1
2 3
thanks al music video shooting behind us
hanging on the trampoline they're trying
to teach Kayden something alright show
the camera your best trick go alright
next good jump yes oh I'm gonna get half
your warmed up right okay hurry I gotta
go
I'm coming I gotta go change outfits
Danny
you just fall it's beautiful I find that
typical teenagers
the Boise up open and clouds are
actually moving quite fast yeah are you
actually really stare at them they're
moving that way when they're going so
baby you're right don't make funny faces
those cameras Haley go set up and I'll
get the dog
so I cannot wait to see the shot so I'm
gonna give you guys these stickers you
can put on the bottom and that's cool
that they should be a green one one will
be brittle highlighters yeah so put one
in here huh so not really eating
highlighters don't blame her but oh well
pinned it's like a DIY yeah the boys are
helping with the props for us so don't
try this without your adult without
parents around but I'm like the bad but
you're an adult so this is good and this
is a prop muted for should be video and
it will turn out like this but
apparently there's a light use that yeah
so you wanna blame shoes that are gonna
be so cool
stay tuned to the music video because
you're gonna find out why we're using
these we have about like two more scenes
I think oh okay no I don't have the
lighter ones like the light outside we
are gonna make my own so
we're dancing and yeah really good
well we're still here and then in
between scenes we play video games it's
been a long day
Hayden is completely out of it Annie is
whining these two are still hanging
strong these two are just chatting I
don't know where Haley and Dylan are Oh
could you please can you please take
this seriously so we can go quick
there's one more scene and it involves
sparklers that's what I will say what's
wrong what's going on what did I miss
he's so tired
all right so we'll be back when it's a
wrap and oh that scared me we'll be back
and we'll be saying good night we're
staying here tonight we have another
early call time tomorrow yeah rather
than driving all the way home and we'll
just leave here for our call time oh
yeah that's not gonna be a cool shot you
guys lash out of the night that's a wrap
I've been waiting did y'all hear did you
hear the news that's a wrap
he's like see you later what do you say
to everybody that came just kidding
that's not around we just need a picture
we just need a picture Annie it really
is a wrap we just need a picture but
thank you guys all for being a part of
this
okay that's a wrap on a very long day
questionable day what's your favorite
holiday Christmas Christmas favorite
holiday Christmas all right guys
stay tuned for the music video because
it's gonna be amazing
even though we feel really tired right
now that's gonna be really good give it
like a week or two and hopefully we'll
be up we'll do a countdown
bye guys and he's about to fall asleep
right where she is
good night always remember to celebrate
thanks for watching
tailee
