hey guys so right now I'm just looking
at like servers a song about you my yeah
a few a little bit I'm gonna be getting
a new minecraft server
hopefully it works this time because the
last few times I've tried it's been
feeling so let's go find one and apart
from that my dad he's doing two things
he's helping me with this and then he's
also doing truthful astaire so the girls
are just they left for gymnastics and so
let's get on with it okay so now I'm
setting up my minecraft server and I
think it's almost done so hopefully it
works because the last two times right
it hasn't worked so we took this one's a
good keeper and one more thing okay so
if some of you remember my last my craft
server and there's just one more thing
that I'm gonna add I'm gonna have about
4 or 5 people on my staff and I might if
you guys ask too many times I might
start muting people because starts
getting annoying so heads up don't ask
for staff because I will Mewtwo and if
it gets too extreme like you spam it I
might be and I ban you not beat you
damn you just saying like to do some
catch
very good
I get that's good don't squeeze that
gloves because you want to don't you
because you've gotten used to it but
don't it's it like I said it's an extra
step you're adding there you go make
sure you make sure remember that Y on
your chest you're trying to make the
ball hit that E if you can hunched over
hit that E if you can there you go just
like that's good just like that hunched
over hit that E no stay up all that me
stay up off the knee unless you have to
there yeah alright Andy very good don't
you want to squeeze don't yank it down
but keep in mind your block and don't
pick it up with your glove you remember
what happens to catch as you pick the
walk with their glove they have to run a
lap right very good and see I want you
I'll let you watch this video after it's
when you drop drop to your knees and
block there's no wear watch there's no
where I mean they can go by you but it
can't go through so as long as you move
your body so move your body to the ball
and there's no where it can go through
see nowhere now you drop down there drop
down because if not that balls gonna go
through ready what's that you don't know
you drop down to your knees and then you
try to get the ball glove to the ball
drop down to where your glove is gloves
got to go to the ball first there you go
that's fine remember remember where are
you trying to block to know where you
want this ball to end up so don't turn
your body this way make sure those feet
sweep behind you you want your body to
end up facing so show me one no show me
one to the side to that side there you
go block back to the
lock you back to the inside other way go
again all right good job
no it's not for betting that's not
really bad guys so I just got my several
it's actually worth getting be sure this
could see there's actually somebody on
it and bTW that right there is Jonah
y'all know from kittiesmama right there
and I just taught him how to do world at
it so right now he's just going crazy
doing it and so really guys just go
check out Kitty's mom because they are
awesome
and so the IP is 98.1 17.1 92.5 force we
may repeat it just so you guys know I'll
say it slower 98.1 one set died one 92.5
for i guess it's time to the coercion
today so roll the clip daily oh hi I'm
Kayla I'm 17 years old and the question
of the day is what is your favorite
cereal my favorite cereal is Cinnamon
Toast Crunch
okay so my favorite cereal is probably
Cocoa Krispies yeah okay so humming oh
no no no the question of the day is what
is your favorite cereal no no okay
see you guys tomorrow bye so I just got
back from gymnastics and I'm really
excited because I did my back handspring
on a real beam it's just on a lower
setting it's not as though it was a low
beam but it's not as high as a hiding so
I'm really excited about that and mom
you got it filmed so just roll the clip
that was so much fun
so now it's time to question the day my
favorite cereal is probably frosted
flakes
what's yours Haley we're gonna do is
called chocolate 1/3 cocoa puffs
mm-hmm I like her this cocoa puffs so
that's mine don't 55 numbers to be able
to know that the question of the day is
what's your favorite zero by miles
database database
thanks for watching
Britt Haley
