today I'm preparing so a few days ago we
told you about a big announcement well
now we're gonna tell you a few more
details and some of those details are
look this reminds me of a blue sky
should we paint a Sun yeah what color
should we paint the Sun orange green
purple yeah what color yes and where do
we put it come show me
pretty hot Sun yummy we do his name
scale these are sad
wait yeah because you have a son right
there my grass and glass today oh yeah
where should we have a daughter okay if
our sons right there where should our
daughter be what can't this word Sun
mean two things
yeah it could mean the Sun as in in the
sky the big yellow glowing star or it
could be like my son or my daughter we
lost her she's not interested in our
lessons excuse me I'm gonna beat you
she's got a bow who is this let me show
you how to beat somebody you taught your
Furby to speak like me
just wait till I get my hands on that
back right now
never say never let me beat you BAM you
stole the line from a TV show now what I
believe it's from Oh what she stole it
from Liz and Maddie lip or Liz did I
just say that wrong what's that show
called Haley Liv and Maddie did you get
that
BAM what from Liv and Maddie both a
non-kosher well Martha how sad that
Daddy knows that I'm not bald
I can gotta or something oh my goodness
because I don't
oh did we pop it yep let me see I think
there's a hole in it nope yeah there's
no way cuz we must have put a hole in it
I mean I'm surprised it lasted as long
as it did I wanna play when
tagging them I'm telling him when he
gets home I don't see it you're not
letting me look you've won this it's
that the air is not coming out of that
spot I think I think Kayla's gonna say
that she's ignoring you
somebody's hands doing high school one
day somebody's gonna find that video do
you remember that when Kayla pop your
balloon and you cry about it and it
refers to not father's that's true
the grasshoppers what you do you can't
touch your forehead what or you can't
see it I can't this is how Haley acts
bunch embarrassed what I can't see right
all right on this one I want you to fly
through the air and land on your tummy
like a belly flop can you jump and twist
out onto your back face forward and add
a twist so you land on your back yeah in
the air you haven't named it yet all
right well show Jimmy and I'll help him
make up a name the praying mantis the
sassy pants
yeah okay sorry that was a warm-up
okay I'm gonna name that one the warm up
no scream tastic all right listen
scream path scream Patrick all right
scream tastic now show me the one the
ultimate jump right here ladies and
gentlemen it's going to the epic epic
what up all right let me see it oh yeah
stretch out oh I think you're just
wasting time here your stalling is what
you're doing just a little stretch okay
it's pretty epic whoa like you're a
diver will be due to die well I can't
really dive onto a beanbag of the belly
flop
I have 100 apps well I don't want to
stand here all day for a hundred
backflips and you can't really do a real
back clip off of there no you can fold
backwards can do a forward roll call
tippy toes tippy toes famous last one
baby no pain so wet so I just got home
from school and getting ready to go to
gymnastics and I just found some news
some of this really cool stuff on the
table and we found this mythical stuff
and the problem is we don't know who
sent it to us because when we got it the
box was ripped open and we couldn't see
you sent it to us so thank you so many
of you love it and don't lie but if you
send it to us comment down below and
we'll try to give you a shout out
this is what they sent they sent make up
okay and then inside and inside five
some more makeup and then Haley got its
to get a wallet I like a guy with a
mustache oh that's what you like
hey everyone in the median thought oh I
get it I like a guy with a stache Oh
cash
meaning you like a rich guy you like
rich guys hailey hailey no no I like
guys you don't like guys so we have to
untangle it seriously guys that was so
so super nuts you guys really didn't
have to send us anything the rest of
Taylor's so it's not time in the
bratayley house and I'm making those
tough chocolatey chocolate in the world
are you saying that I had a milk
mustache okay so a few days ago we told
you about a baby announcement well now
we're gonna tell you a few more details
and some of those details are as some of
you already found out this is a new
YouTube channel
and you can find it here on YouTube it's
called toothless there and it's gonna be
in the link below and you can also find
it in our featured channels box so
that's all the information that we're
giving make sure you go to subscribe
because there's a little more
information that you guys might need in
the About section that you find on all
of the channels I subscribe to
or just jealous does it really matter if
you subscribe to them subscribe now so
you don't miss our first video which
will be up Monday January 20th you don't
have the little welcome video so you
guys will even like it now you got we're
not welcome video comes up you know
exactly what's happening so subscribe so
I'm really excited because I think that
this right um actually be a good idea
because now you guys can be in our
channel and and you're kind of giving a
lot away right there and I'm really
excited because I did my back and it's
been I'm hiding we just bought but this
time it wasn't under this time there was
no big fuzzy under it I did it I'm
hiding but my coach there spotted me and
right now I'm in some dungeon and we are
going to do the question of the day
which is brought to you by Vanessa take
it away Nessa hi I'm Vanessa I am
directing years old and I am from
California and the question of the day
is if you had to be stuck in one movie
for the rest of your life which will be
would you be stuck in and I selected the
wreck-it Ralph because I don't know
about you guys but when I'm bored I like
to play games
movie I want to be in is probably prison
mostly because I want to meet Olaf
mm-hmm like Vanessa I would also like to
be stuck in record girl because who
wouldn't want to be stuck in a game you
wouldn't to be stuck in a game you speak
the truth my friend the only time I'm
saying the question of the day mission
is RT sleep sleep in lucky so she won't
be helping us wrap it up because she
also always deals my part so don't
forget to comment down below what movie
would you
thanks for watching
Britt Haley
