so cool when you wake them up for
breakfast and they come straight to the
couch happy Thursday
today we're filming well Annie's filming
a collab with Rebecca and we're going to
a gym into gymnastics collab Hayley may
do it she hasn't really decided if she
wants to yet but actually I don't know
if it's really a collab I don't know if
Andy's doing one on her channel or we're
just gonna vlog it we don't really care
they said we could do one for Annie's
channel but we might just blog it or
decide at the last minute because that's
how we roll but I'm gonna really get
these two up breakfast is ready and
doing things opposite collab this
morning school later and getting some
shopping done two for Annie's music
video that we're shooting to moon oh
okay
stay tuned hey Stroud style trend okay
we have to walk out the door so Haley's
got to finish her hair in the car and
put her shoes on in the car but we are
ready to roll and break almost right
okay
we're doing some buns but she only had
time to get one done all right here we
go I don't know where your bonus oh my
god this is us in the morning
where's my phone where my shoes where's
my water hmm I got our water here we go
we're making our way to the door makes
me so excited when I finally am able to
open the door and everybody is Oh
everybody's half ready you guys and just
a little complaining in a couple days I
get to this is from yesterday when we
had to pack for our special project but
soon I'm gonna be gross gross but soon
I'm gonna be putting getting organized
for us to go home I don't think we're
taking that much but I'm gonna like you
know laundry and social channel like
another gymnastic thing or something
while we're here Matt will edit it for
you so we can because I was gonna push
mine tomorrow so it's like last minute
do you would you want to do something um
okay we're just doing yours you sure is
like whatever okay are you good hey how
are you hey Lee I was thinking if she
wants the judges judge are awesome yeah
she does have high standard I'm going in
here
I think you'll I think this is cuter for
you and a little bit smaller okay so and
this one's like back like it's a gyani
so I was like honey this is gonna be
amazing
that is adorable but you can tighten it
like soup up too so you brought short
though thank goodness right we're just
against the sound like I hope she knows
that these Halloween costumes are a
little bit dressy exciting first time
being a superhero in the gym exactly and
by the time this video is up this video
will be up it sounds like so watch it
yes go they'll be a link somewhere there
to description you're welcome bless your
eyes you have a superhero I feel like it
that is - why are you running
wait a second okay you got like frogs
and your throne you're not getting sick
are you Peter Pan's shadow yeah the
black hat and all that that's a good
idea so I just kind of a look at the
package and we will figure it all this
is this
you back there okay
my design covers my Haley's gonna do
your vlogs yeah that's a good idea
Bailey's already got ideas
alright see you guys later good luck I
wonder was right and Wonder Woman and
who knows right someone's behind that is
that say they are being called to set
the mask is amazing I'm tired just
living life Haley's the background
entertainment okay all right I'm
starting to good
hey Sam Kim it is I'm back he's in field
it's bad girl and Wonder Woman okay
Rebecca and Annie LeBlanc and I'm super
excited to have her on my channel
because we are doing the superhero
gymnastics challenge so yeah so I am
obviously Batgirl she's Wonder Woman
you're Wonder Woman loser has to jump
into the pit and the other person just
gets to like throw a pit on them and
make them yeah it might be her but it
might be me
you never know you guys make sure to
subscribe and join the Sam theme if you
haven't already give this video a thumbs
up if you liked it even though you
haven't watched it yet just thumbs it up
and subscribe to Annie
check out the blog on her channel I will
link that all in the description below
also subscribe to Hayley and their vlog
Channel all of it again is in the
description you ready to do some
gymnastics you're gonna be easy on us
come on who's gonna win who do you think
will win yeah
okay they have stretched the superheroes
are stretched the judge is ready and I
think they're gonna start round one I am
so excited to see this video come to
life
no kidding oh yeah oh that's a good one
what yeah me too they're shedding their
costume there goes my contour the mask
is contoured everyone okay so we've got
some tv-watching here school is done
right right yes check and it's somewhat
cleaner in here we are also organizing
clothes for the music video tonight I
had to get some new socks for some boots
Annie's writing lyrics I am picking out
some outfits that she can wear tomorrow
for the ordinary girls video shoot and
guys guess what the next day we're
shooting another music video two music
videos in a row what we're gonna be
exhausted by the time we get on the
plane on Monday so what's your song
about you don't even know tell us your
strategy
all right then I just mm-hmm are you
doing upbeat are you doing slow like a
ballad type like more ballad more ballad
yeah cool so that's what we're going
doing right now kind of just hanging out
Matt and Rebekah have talked us into
going to laser tag again tonight so
we're gonna eat some dinner I know and
then head out and hang out with them
some more cuz we miss them and we love
them so that's the plan right now and
we're gonna get home earlier than we got
home last night because we have an early
long two days ahead so just wanted to
let you guys know what's going on look
at this fabulous jacket look we got some
fancier stuff in this on the top and
then we've got some like basic stuff cuz
we're trying to do a little fancier and
a little ordinary girl kind of show in
the difference that's the plan
so alright that was your sneak peak on
wardrobe alright grab the house we are
going again to laser tag two days in a
row we must be addicted Wow alright so
maybe I'll play tonight honey really
really all right there so am i wonderful
almost thirteen-year-old realizes that
she hasn't brushed her hair since the
gym this morning but of course she
remembers when we're here and I were
ready to get out of the car
so to Matt and Rebekah and everybody
else waiting we're sorry
wait for it wait for it done
Oh seriously now we have perfume and lip
balm no I do like up stop stick
seriously you're about to go run around
play laser tag you don't have to smell
good after you put deodorant on I did
okay then that's what you need when
you're we did this morning oh my gosh oh
it seemed like it was a long time ago
all right guys well enough of all that
of seeing Annie primp we'll see you in a
little bit here
that means primping no you just can
still primp without a mirror yeah you're
doing it right now
yes no Doritos in here coz we were where
are we going when Daddy bought these he
bought some - OH - that special project
yeah okay
good luck really your time's going
put it in that little machine and it
gives you like $5
up high oh did you
well you got to get one Haley just one
okay and get more five
but in the machine and just keep try you
can keep going every left okay me too
yeah but I've got a camera in one hand
oh you almost said it
all right the gang's all here Kate and
Gellin and Hayden showed up now the
party can start
that's not a good shot all right I don't
know if you saw but it did go in
I'm gonna pull them out
oh here we go
this much we're gonna divide up and team
soon shall we do provide up anyway okay
all right we got the adults over here
kids over here this everybody good luck
is going down you're going down
Rebekah's after you go talk right now
I'll be here the strategy she's good but
leave all right I'm going to my team
hey grown ups for green we're getting
our strategy okay you guys I'm signing
off we'll see you when we win this game
I got those bases okay that's a wrap on
Game one now we're going to see winners
my name was Wonder and I'm sure I'm
number one on the leaderboard
how'd you do I know I didn't do well I
got shot all the time I was 9 out of 11
just sayin
who was first overall Cayden hikers
overall nice I see gods on force
readiness yeah randomly team even though
my yes anyone else we got the same thing
yo you and Haley got what is that even
the coffee like coffee
we got
um that good
this isn't creepy at all
I felt like a creepy paparazzi person
filming you guys through the window that
weird like what you're doing boy would
you stay but I invented it Wow table
amazing that's pretty cool your water
just slides right okay guys so we have a
lot to do tonight and it's already like
9:00 you've gotta wake up at 7:30 saw
with kind of quick little lot it's time
to wrap up the question of the day which
is oh yeah mine is any kind of truck
Tesla great so don't forget found mm you
another question the day is what you
favorite kind of car love you guys see
you tomorrow big day tomorrow filming my
music video for ordinary girl hi
always remember to celebrate
thanks for watching
Vitaliy
