today I'm Kaylee I know it is so today's
Christmas Eve yeah you're so excited and
I can see heylia has again her cooking
outfit on so that probably means we're
cooking so almost Christmas you decided
to make reindeer food yay you guys when
you live milk and cookies for Santa then
we usually bring in a little treat trick
semi-god and spicy balls mono and
husband I love my heart chilly in
singles on internal when we fled the
Lewis led while mommy and daddy are
eating lunch we're eating a little snack
cheese crackers and pepperoni and me and
hailer be making the reindeer food very
easy you just have you just have to buy
oats and twinkles making reindeer food
is very easy all you do is you get a
plastic bag you usually see the
Christmas but we're in have any so we're
super over the classics in bed and what
is very easy you're just going to get
wine or cues
oops the scooper thing you're gonna put
into that one too and then you just add
sprinkles people not good oh my gosh I
think it don't look like real sprinkles
kinda not look at this look like real
Springs gonna cut it again
it's our special Christmas special
Jeffrey's getting some Piper is a
reindeer she's testing it out for us
yeah oh my goodness Haley did you get
any oats into the bag yes
oh good because there's a whole bunch on
the floor so we make a window there now
we're gonna make the surface cookies
somebody needs to this cookies and he
are gonna wear when we greet them and
we're gonna go outside and sprinkle the
way they lived all over the glass that's
like eating
sprinkle today I'm cooking I don't know
my vegan side are you gonna spoon how
the ingredients are okay
and lip cream miss book or vanilla
extract vanilla um what is this I don't
really know what that is baking soda
baking Sara this is kind of like another
fake encounter or salt so so um no I'm
just gonna um sugar yah
um light oh right brown sugar
yes and a wet um little flower yes
tonight a stir
you don't want to place the flower if
doesn't really taste good
all right and over here what do you
think you have it in this bowl um what
queen and pig bud shortening and
remember how to do it Hana gently use
your fingers yes good job we got one big
shell okay now you need something to
wipe your hands off
oh my that's one she can wave her hands
on and then you can use your apron wipe
them a little bit and then go perfect
make the sound effects and all you got
share in the chair you're in the
reindeer turn this way let me see you
guys
oh look oh sweet they are you're gonna
read every book again girl aah
I'm reading it to hers Oh in your mind I
don't hear any reading out loud that's
cuz I'm not reading aloud because she's
a doctor sighs he's reading in dog it's
very how much is that the first one
you're starting over good by the time
you get the new and you'll be done right
with all the other ones continuing with
our holiday traditions another one is
opening what two presents one from one
pick for amumu and then one pick from us
so I took my round that was her pick and
so now who gets the pick one of these
friends right now all right the one that
I'm picking for Haley to open is right
here let's see
yeah why don't you get a job all right
who's next
Caleb I think this is yours wait yeah
Salinger's oh wait oh this looks so good
how are you how are you how are you
whoops - what does it say it says uh SS
16 it established Oh mister graphics the
books and Oh F no fair I'm wearing you
tonight that's the idea yeah now I still
have my pajamas from last Christmas yes
do they still fit you
okay Haley's picking her present one
present on Christmas Eve she Hey
down I know what it is let me touch it I
forget to break hers Rosalie I mean in
all honesty right ain't no staple my
wallet
feel it can you not teach this one for
it seriously seriously remember yours
used to say seriously yes but we have to
wait for everybody else to open a
present
Caleb's pick like an excellent pick I
knew you was gonna pick it most because
he told me I gotta keep it kind of in my
way hey I'm filming here girls
take it away hey battles many but what
great battles Medical yes medieval madam
I totally do that medal victory room oh
yeah oh yeah I forgot already and we
just talked about that hey go and pick
one no she no don't opened her room I'm
gonna break your nervous oh yeah you
don't mind
whoo you can still have a Bobby
help mine yeah all right so the only
thing left to do on this Christmas Eve
is set out the cookies for Santa but
we're gonna wait a little while well
know there's us actually one more finger
didn't play your games
oh it is snowing a little bit let's go
it's just coming down a little tiny bit
oh it's coming bow a lot in the back why
is it such a big difference I don't know
I'm not never we're never seen her here
they come down the stairs ready wait for
it wait for it Ted
it's not even that cold out oh there's
evil stuff up
those are snowflakes I'm going hey thank
you you're welcome Caleb she's got her
Furby
she took my fur be outside oh yes it is
yeah welcome to two minutes ago
why Christmas Eve guess I could go out
there rhythm that's pretty good old boy
yeah nah Piper
we're gonna be like what's that reindeer
in their backyard go cold yes oh yay a
pile of naked American gray Haley's food
Oh - permission denied really yeah you
kind of give it a little wiggle or
easier legal with yeah like with a soup
and get this one in and wiggle it wiggle
wiggle wiggle
Oh keep doing it all right so do one
right there and give it a wiggle okay
perfect another spot keep going who are
these cookies for Santa so we've made so
many coaches tonight and now it's time
to play and I make a mess whoo this is
fun let's put some we can do that let's
see
Wow next to us we go with the week over
there oh I think you've got enough flour
I think you've got more flour than dough
over there which is gonna be really
difficult to do anything with Felix okay
I think I need that one
she thinks well guys are the only one
thing left what - get ready for bed and
our Christmas jammies and do the
reindeer food hey you obviously put
Santa's cookies on a pretty plate and
it's milk I think that's enough flour
you're pretty much covered in it but you
kind of are you reminded by of chalk by
this yes that's why I'm doing
but feel just completely normal yep
reduce me do it
you need you put too much yeah that's
way too much hey you put too much so now
you're gonna have a double kite time to
do it let her see the rolling pin or do
it for her is so thin I don't think it's
gonna make anything oh so we had all our
stuff for Santa and his reindeer ready
you got the cookies I try one they're
delicious and right now we are
sprinkling the Ranger
it's raining right here so we're really
excited we're about to go and in watch
out because there's really buddy Flint
so excited to work for today now it's
time for the question of the day here's
Angela with her question the question of
the day is what is your favorite type of
holiday my is New Year's because you get
to celebrate it on the last day of
December and you get to celebrate 2014
this year so that's my favorite holiday
so my favorite holiday is probably
Christmas Christmas girl help everybody
has up Happy Holidays
we will see you guys on Christmas
morning database database
thanks for watching
Brit Ailee
