mommy doing and I'm Teddy honest and I
don't know where the mom is but I assume
that I'm gonna get blue
you're gonna assume what are you getting
for Christmas
you're assuming you're getting one of
those for Christmas and a baby and a
baby okay good to know
Oh who's bringing this to you for
Christmas
maybe you maybe maybe maybe oh that
would be so nice yes Piper if you don't
get one it's Piper's fault okay so a
nice movement well it's all done and
that's good the kinds at so is Christmas
my room is officially officially
officially done and I'm really excited
do it yeah I did just a little bit
earlier for two reasons one is because I
begged my mom and she broke so booyah
- is that a long thought if since we're
going to Texas the day after Christmas I
wouldn't have enough time to play there
and CNN said timing and all of that so
I'm really excited we're gonna see it
today we're gonna see it right now here
we go
the blanket you picked up
and that's you know that's I think I got
it for you welcome keep seeing new
things
it's like facing here right now me come
in it's like big thingy majiggy who's
your day been yeah
you've had that happen you found it in
your drawer and you will you will you
live on your right the left I when I
came round to my bed but you see you see
this little coat rack that hang some of
my prices and never use my hats and some
jackets and then if you look on the
other side you see a karaoke machine and
then if you look down y'all saw this
pipe it is it's blue my favorite color
and on top of it is my dresser which
used to be brown but now it's white we
printed it I love it and then on top of
my dresser there is my horsey no no no
this what is my piggy bank Snoopy and
then some of my trophies and a lava lamp
and some of shell collections book and a
diamond so and then if you look over
here my sunglasses shit'll journals
thanks pictures me and Caleb and a
stuffed animal and then I have all of my
beanie boo babies right here such
animals and in a half stitch and then my
favorite part like that why don't my
room I wanted
to be zebra black and white cheetah and
then I like midnight pop pop is like all
that so I have my black and white covers
I have blue little soft colors back here
that I have zebra and then I have blue
pink and then fuzzy little pillows it
doesn't have some big eyes and then
beside me that has another and sandwich
with my lamp then I have a book in my
alarm clock
and then up above my bed and when I said
I have all my stuffed animals besides
everyone I get rid of any of my sister
boom so then I move my bed so I put them
up there and then right beside my
stuffed animals I have trophies some in
that aerial thing you open it and
there's earrings inside and then not my
grandma gave me it's from China and then
I have this big and then on my bed I
also have this very sweet I have a pink
pillow in the black color and then over
here I have when we went to Disney World
I keep getting Disneyland and Disney
World
except so Disney World he just me world
and then we got me a picture thing that
you can hold pictures in she got me some
pictures at a race and then mommy also
got another one with it says welcome to
your room and in my lungs cuz I believe
and I couldn't see this so and then I
have some another water with the
gymnastics things
and then I have another one of this
one's pink and white and I love my
friend and then I have a desk over here
it's not new but I have a few new things
on it and I have a picture a picture of
me and Haley black-and-white stickiness
that has an A on it and then I have a
new pencil holder with all of my pencils
and there are my wall I have a little
calendar it's a calendar with pictures
from Paris
here's something I didn't say this says
best day ever and then and then you have
to rip one out January when today first
and once January would say first then I
will rip it out and it says this year
half more fun New Year's Day Oh
and what I used to have this old broken
when I matched this one but now I have a
pink one and this one then I can sit on
them I want to try this so I hope you
enjoy dating my room me and wanted to do
some karaoke so we'll see you later
thanks for watching
Britt Haley
