I don't win to wait and so I get it off
and I go back to school till the new
year and I'm playing with my dollies she
got the pieces dia - but shaking
couldn't tonight I didn't learned it so
they're settling for lasagna oh she's
got bread and she's got a piece of
lasagna
that's like me well you've got a
quesadilla I know they don't get them
you don't drink yeah here's your drink
so girls how's it going ladies cat got
your tongues he's shy what's your name
blondie
Haley bantering for her I don't know she
couldn't you can hear her but she's a um
I don't remember my name
you do need a highchair Haley's right I
got some things and you gotta share oh
no they have to share dunked on done
okay she shows and she doesn't she she's
big she's oh she's your age
what are they sharing I know but what
kind of drink did you get them
can we see my captain sprite any coke
coke yeah
are you living vicariously through them
that won't what you have Coco you do let
them have Coke mm caffeine and sugar
no thank you oh they can hyper no to
people's dresses because I'm not with
colors and she can't drink I got no
water but you're hyper thinks that she
needs some lunch too
Piper you part of this Tea Party and he
did a good job braiding that yeah he did
that by herself
yeah Wow awesome
but the funny thing today so Oh find
some me a bed I'll marshmallows
he's crazy of the name look okay check
and that's all Fonda yeah give it
Islands head oh I'm gonna film it head
Oh Hans oh I hope you're cozy in admin
enough on though of course I hope he
doesn't wash mellows can I touch it -
marshmallows you can't touch him
remember then can i push it off doesn't
he get a fall I'm gonna be very careful
skin outfit you can't touch any part of
him somebody told me that you can skin
the book says you can't touch him Oh his
dad and the boss the boss he's nobody
that I guess it does take care of him to
like a dad Haley you look like you're
geared up for Christmas you're ready huh
pick that you're right I can't meet all
of this
yeah a little bit of a spill oh good and
so that looks like a real sample it
might be why would can't I sit on the
couch
I mean a toilet not on the toilet
putting me on a stool wait wait wait I
have to show you I'm gonna read it yeah
I mean you were right that's how it
starts when all through the house not a
creature was stirring not even a mouse
the stockings were hung by the chimney
with care in hopes that st. Nicholas
soon would be there I guess so that's
weird
why lots of families only have two kids
when will reaches and the children were
all nestled all snug in their beds while
visions of sugarplums danced in their
heads and mamma in her kerchief and my
eye and my cap had just settled down for
a long winters nap
when out on the lawn there arose such a
clatter I sprang from my bed to see what
was the matter when what my wandering
eyes should appear but a miniature
sleigh reindeer but a miniature sleigh
and eight tiny reindeer well that wasn't
the end of the page with a little old
driver so lively and quick I knew in a
moment it must be st. Nick more rapid
than I can't read it I don't know
anymore
I have to actually more rapid than
Eagles his coursers they came and he
whistled and shouted and called them by
name now Dasher now dancer now Prancer
and vixen on comet on Cupid on Donner
and Blitzen to the top of the perch to
the top of the wall now dash away dash
away dash away all
and Comic Con as I drew no that's it
Oh Rudolph Hari I let you mint comment
from the movie we watched the other day
as I drew in my head and was turning
around down the chimney st. Nicholas
came with a bound yeah I know it's all
velvety he was dressed all in fur from
his head to his foot and his clothes
were all tarnished and with ashes and
soot a bundle of toys he had flung on
his back and he looked like a peddler
just opening his pack his eyes how they
twinkled his dimples how merry his
cheeks were like roses his nose like a
cherry his droll little mouth was drawn
up like a bow and the beard of his chin
was white as the snow
his sleigh and the wages all flew up
high and sky and then you have to say
the most important part of the whole
book merry Christmas to all and to all a
good night
oh good night good night
hi my name is shade and the question of
the day is what is your most wanted
birthday present or Christmas present
and what so I really would like either
to have an iPod fifth generation in blue
or to have an iPad Mini because I really
do like waiting for them and I actually
ache I haven't had one before so I'd
really like to have one so yeah
I want most for Christmas her birth her
birthday present we go with Christmas
and it is a game and it is called duty
so routine come down below because we
want to know the question the day is
what do you want most for Christmas or
your birthday Los Angeles Road this is
the question of the day was two most
wanted Christmas or a birthday present
my Christmas present I would like pixie
board
I already on my birthday so yeah so
don't forget to comment down below cuz
if you want to know the question of the
day is what is your most wanted
Christmas or birthday present 5c
tomorrow
I moved so goodbye tomorrow Merry
Christmas
baekpa database
thanks for watching
Britt Haley
