hi for me
hey so I'm ready for gymnastics and
Haley's watching The Wizard of Oz
Piper's try looking out the window oh
she's looking at the bird
no birds for you Piper Oh Piper roni I'm
eating the kids game and I just wanna do
some busy upstairs
yep oh wait not stretched out remember
when you couldn't do these at all
everyone you almost fell you don't
remember that when you almost fell doing
a press and Sam on your face oh I always
do that like this but I actually did it
no your arm kind of gave out when you
were learning how to do them this tell
it like pull ends up the handstand or
something like that
look right here now yeah he'll roll it
out of it so
Naxos always she wants to play
so let's rap but it's like that from her
oh my god easy with her though
I forgot maybe we shouldn't play with
her hey mom she's not supposed to play
what you got supposed to play no she's
not supposed to run around hiccup let me
do it you're hyper you're not supposed
to be playing tug of war I don't think
super cares what you do it do nothing
you were just like you are just like
Toshi you would like right in front of
us while I was doing gymnastics
so we hide your hands so we would put
one arm under an individual visa and
then you go like a part of conditioning
yeah
not like a bad leg down oh that's all I
wasn't stretched out back walkover don't
try one on the beam yet and this is why
it's so important to stretch out before
you try any gymnastics stunts
yep you think you just answered your own
question Piper I can't let you go
because you'll go get in her way and
mess her up although I think she's
capable of nothing
Piper shaking her booty yeah all right
Haley come sit on the stairs by me so
anybody get spooked
I hate she's a horse she gets poop
sometimes Oh
Oh yep berkel pants it up no be cute no
fine
I dare you to go gymnastics like that
okay you're back so we just really
didn't know if I could do it and I
thought I'm just gonna slip in this up
it's up now I'm ready okay oh I think I
just didn't film you I think I was
pointing the camera down Hayley I was
worried about where Hayley was standing
Hey ready oh my god feels much better
after pop no one thought I could do this
without klutz New York yes
if you're on the high of you yeah this
thing feels wooded oh yeah are you think
Papa made it on up metal yeah jump yeah
ah it's wood underneath amazing don't
knock my Christmas tree down I'll try
not to
okay wait what are you doing I know the
difference that wasn't back in later
don't you what dare you do judo triples
I'm doing
oh the shoulders help me let my foot
make it I was a pig attention Hey Humvee
yes as far as I can tell yes I if your
foot doesn't make it the worst is gonna
happen is that yeah it's actually not
really the worst is if your first foot
doesn't hit you're on a low beam the
worst that's gonna happen is it gonna
hit the ground
no she Haley Oh tell her no she can't
well she's gotta hmm yes nice something
pop so what was what pot this time your
shoulder again well this is my other
shoulder robbery we have a robbery that
started here let me turn on these lights
doo doo doo doo doo
then don't doo doo doo doo doo doo
Haley where's Alfonzo
where's my candy fall down while you Oh
game on girl it's Alfonzo oh boy okay so
Hayley where's Annie now lies the facts
where she yeah and worse yet so what are
you doing little girl thing you look
like you're doing something what are you
doing
yellow face boom so what is your dad
doing what is your mom doing how do you
know that she's in that kind of heat
sure she did
so what's Piper doing drinking
what's Caleb doing now he's not allowed
Toni's hour
oh okay daddy's not Wow
what who wasn't allowed why can't I be
allowed I wanted a film see where I made
it so Purdy it's such a birdie
it's so dirty it's so bird you guys
think it's purty - you guys think so
birdie go - guys you think it's 32 Yoli
yeah that oh yeah
Wow we gotta sign up because this is
gonna we gotta sign off because this has
got a little crazy and pepper still
robbing a smile tomorrow
the nice low the night left lock or
maybe even murder the night long so the
question of the day is coming from
daily.com special book so here it is my
question today I'm asking you what is
your favorite clothing for mind
Aeropostale
my favorite clothing store is probably
the Under Armour store filly - yes most
of the girls will be just anyways um so
that was the person today you guys other
team
calm down below because we want to know
today is one if you want to give us a
question of the day go to Batali calm
slash upload upload your video so
remember if you're under the age of 13
your parents have to give us permission
for you to do this video if you're older
than 13 or you are 13 you have to give
us permission to use the video I'm
overly elastic and now it's my channel
to answer question today the question of
the day once again is what is your
favorite store to shop man is just is
boo y'all even candy came and I'm omits
Tolman's time to get to bed so now it's
your turn
bye see you tomorrow ah baked potato
baby
thanks for watching
Britt Ailey
