today on bouquet we don't eat it he
don't he taste everything
okay right now we're watching Mickey
Mouse and I'm so excited because I'm
sorry yeah she's not normally like this
I'm like okay so anyways happy Halloween
to this Halloween good morning everyone
I hope you're having a great day
we know GD is Oh with her toys and
whatever she's too tired right now
because we took her for a walk a walk
turned into like 20 minutes of walking
everyone let's go up but that's okay so
let's carry on with the day in the next
clip all right you guys I'm coming after
Annie with this thing and he's nice
enough to do Hailey's makeup costumes
are on and we're gonna start hair really
cute they're out there costumes came out
cute for backups and so I'm gonna blow
dry
Annie's hair while she does Haley's
makeup you've got a little scratch on
your face I'm gonna blow dry this well
this is blow dry this while this is
going on and then and then we're gonna
go out of here we are meeting Dylan for
dinner and we're going trick-or-treating
with them others may join but what's
coming back Bobby's no look up you'll
know what she means have you've seen
Annie do Hayden's makeup Bob Annie this
doesn't have to be like perfection
makeup look it doesn't you don't need
like primer you need Bob I know cuz you
talk about Bob
all right well our Halloween is about
ready to start with
she doesn't need bronzer oh all right
get him G she's just enough like a
Frenchman Emily dropped my blush she got
mad and she said I will drop her makeup
I said
dare you to and she drops it new dared
her to and then she broke my blush and
she didn't ever say sorry face it's an
upgrade you broke your teeth you melt
the sticks a little back up pretend
you're gonna attack Annie it might make
a good thumbnail oh that was so gross
all right I'm getting full costumes back
it up nice makeup she just give this
makeup in the batter right there love it
but love it okay fashion show all right
all right Haley we're a little blurry
but that's okay a little blurry I'm
waiting for it to I try to fix the
blurriness she distract her own self
okay she's like I don't know what Kaden
is tonight but you know he's a teenage
boy and you know we don't even know what
this is scary is what that is need the
full look he's creeping me out a little
it's not weird okay I'm just gonna give
up like being in front of the camera
alright we're about to go
trick-or-treating siblings it's just
really weird to have them right next to
me normally I like him having him like
right next to me
I don't know how I feel about all right
so we're driving around trying to find a
spot I'll always see your clown within
Kate Kate and Haley love clowns I just
found out can you get any louder all
right first half you guys first house
retreat I'll take the candle you can't
look it's empty I'll shake the camera
you're not cold are you I don't think so
all right look at this it's like a
drive-through you just walk up to the
table and you you have a small coke
please all right first verse house done
they're combined up your candy all right
keep moving which way
poor cat Hermione right there nice
pencil an institution this your home bad
magic they're not magicians brother
Wizards you want to see my highlights
horrible yes anything there's nothing we
haven't been going here very long for
tonight you want to eat one how daddy
check it that cuz I gave
all right please just look how many
people are out look at this
people everywhere they move down here
they're going to the next house
I'm right here hailey you did it you
stay up with them go over here if you're
scared of the creepy people in them
let's go past them trick-or-treating
oh we need better like that where's mr.
Jimmy when we need him I don't trip all
right go
mr. Jim you've got a scary place daddy
but my lights in your eyes all right
fine
you get a good where's Haley Haley
Haley's giving up bye for now I'll just
take my sister she Minds like not even a
pound but it's getting there it's
getting there it's getting there all
right okay we've already got the target
bag all right go figure
go figure there's people scaring people
and look who's involved
we're clearly hiding out nowhere to be
found
Haley and Billiam Haley's with Billy
y'all just want to peel the phone wait I
don't need to I mean I just want can I
rip it off no sorry
here it goes exciting bullet hole
extracted just out of noise oh don't eat
it he don't he taste everything go go
eat it no no tell him that he will
Jimmy's always good I know Jimmy with
the light always in closet I like if you
have a backup you gonna clean the space
tonight with the gum so now it's Minzy
Oh see I told you this is what happens
when we try to say goodbye it turns into
like this big party
it makes pana nervous all right
trick-or-treating has concluded
it's time to go okay guys so we've had a
long night
again happy Halloween we can't film like
anything 12 we're working on a secret
project but it's gonna be exciting you
guys are going to love it so but right
now the question today is what were you
following and I was a firefighter slash
slash I kind of looked um KN creepy
Caden said from the behind if I had a
red light I'd look like the girl from it
I didn't even know there's a girl in it
I've never watched that movie I'm not
allowed to but okay yeah that's uh
that's too scary because it's like a
rated well yeah it's probably range of
dog and I'm not there any men stuff like
that
so ma I sound sick I haven't taken my
anything wrong so this is right right
here and oh I was Hermione from Harry
Potter
Hermann II Hermione like harmony better
harmony hmm I'm not sure if you've seen
the episode of a chicken girls you know
that I like okay well don't forget to
help them look Luna no question the day
is what were you for Halloween look you
guys so much good bye see you like a
little bit tomorrow we might go to like
Queen Mary
that's what we doing always remember to
celebrate thanks for watching
Britt Haley
