so this shout-out is going to actually
stuff
Ashley instead actually an stuff she
didn't really they don't really suggest
this but we really wanted to do
something fun because it's snowing here
and so what we're gonna do is we're
gonna do this contest who that you're
supposed to get snow put it in the
bucket whoever fills up the bucket first
or in a time of it gets the most snow
wins and whoever wins gets snowed up on
the head why we because they make
awesome rainbow loom videos I watch them
all the time so if you're really into
rainbow loom videos then you should
definitely check the channel the rules
are simple you can get snow from
anywhere you want because snow is
everywhere on things and so then you get
the snow should be put in a bucket
Hailee's is on the far left Inez is in
the middle mine's on the far right wait
they didn't get the same size because
they'd have three same size so they did
it on size Hill is the smallest and the
addition yeah
and so whoever blows up their bowl first
wins and this
and the winner gets their bowl full of
snow dumped on them oh I'm wind right
hat I want to get my snow dumped on me
no matter what oh you mark
anytime you want
there's a bowl right here
Annie's bowl yeah well that went a lot
faster than we thought on anyone so but
I still get snow jumped on my head so
let's do this one too
what's wrong Annie Caleb are you eating
snow if you want to
poor pipers you know get off she's
having fun poor dog alone eating don't
eat the yellow snow that yellow before
you started
you know what yellow snow is
hey Caleb put your face down here like
fight pie for us yeah she likes it
really Caleb come on snowball in the
face for the camera Caleb good you let
him do it
yeah snowball in the base okay why not
pack snow does a pack snowball hurt
really yeah
thanks for watching
Britt Haley
