time for what Kaylee and why is that
more open I let my boy because she was
shooting a bullet up doing a bird okay
where is should shove it in her mouth
right now
oh is it really a dead bird yeah we saw
a shooter who let her bring it in
Caleb white our pipe oh my gosh it was
not funny tails it's not funny okay yeah
my heart is beating so fast
don't take it out someone has to pick it
up learn yourself I'm not gonna pick up
a dead bird please you're the man of the
house right now daddy's at work doing do
it can you do it sure I'm not I sounded
gross anyways we locked the door open
and Piper was chasing a bird caws a bird
was stuck and we got the birth to a flew
away and Piper on it and so Haley open
the door and then when mommy comes down
caleb screams you know cuz Haley was
like um why I was like why did you leave
the door open to God's good Piper was
chewing on a bird right you and I saw
the bird Oh
you know the birds still laying on the
ground or someone get the birds yeah
yeah you really can do it I don't know
if a five-year-old to do it oh I can't
do Caleb will you help her all right I
gotta go help her I can't let her do it
Piper
roni Piper does it Piper will pick it up
and run around that house with it like
she was I thinking oh my gosh it's a
dead bird all right we have to get ready
for school we forgot that part of the
day it's 92 how we just don't go so in
awe Birds I know we didn't get the
chance to say that we not we were there
we were also very happy that we got a
wish it was a two-hour delay this
morning and I'm so excited because now I
can wake up hang up school I don't go oh
no it's the Google school Haley doesn't
Haskell
well mommy yeah the bonus cuddled up now
go pick it all right you got it covered
up yeah she's brave a lot braver than me
floppy indeed well she's five she'll
forget this in a year oh all right he do
it without throwing up not a promise
yeah go wash your hands Did you touch it
I don't care if you touch her or not go
wash your hands okay
helping it's covered up you loose it
okay I'll hold the bag face covered okay
Annie it's covered I gotta fix breakfast
all right you go fix breakfast while we
do this okay okay
definitely do some cereal or heat up
some pancake paper right there
Piper you caused all this so you hush I
think it's right yeah I know I'll be
right behind you Oh behind me Thanks
I'll help you no you can't touch it
sewed up was crazy
the birding out it ended up for look
Caleb and mom need to take it out
Haley put the rag over I fixed breakfast
I did do something um and then mommy was
complaining about she didn't know where
it was so I had to take the rag off see
where it was
put her back on
and my um picked it up like this like
this on the sides and got lucky the berm
did fall out because she didn't touch it
and so then she had trouble putting him
in the bag she was flipping out it
wasn't funny at the time I promise you
but it's a little funny now oh my
goodness yeah for all of this I was
being smart Ania pinned all the doors
okay I was Bentley yeah so I'm being
easy getaway
oh so and then I put in the bag and ran
out got my feet she doodled school yeah
because I was running in the snow hmm
you didn't run in the snow barefoot yeah
good socks on well I wasn't thinking
very clearly so I wasn't telling halo
too good jacket on and get some shoes on
who's out there for five seconds there
you go no do you sure just it on the
Porsche what hopefully I made this but
if not it's not my problem I throw it in
the neighbor's porch no that would be so
wrong oh the recap of the morning to our
two-hour delay Piper was Piper killing
birds um mommy flipping out Caleb and
Haley flipping out oh sorry it was it
was Annie who flipped out me and Annie i
dink who were flipping out the most yeah
I don't like good things I don't like
something better
she's like oh my gosh that was traumatic
I feel better now that it's out of my
house poor bird
yeah do you feel bad for the bird I
thought would you like it hi I saw
someone what you did not yes I did
she said she saw worms and the is tummy
Haley hey you just making us feel bad
you mean though we had to pick that up
no I'm just curious to know she's
serious yeah I'm sure the worms when the
bird eats a worm it digests it it
doesn't look like a worm anymore maybe
I'm wrong but hopefully it does I don't
think you were really seeing worm do
your placing its guts oh okay but not
bird talk remember what I said yesterday
about ripping Vipers guts out yeah off
the list no longer want to rip anything
guns up dude I didn't see it which is
why I wouldn't look I knew if I had to
pick it up then I couldn't see it oh
yeah if I had seen it I wouldn't have
been able to pick it up mm-hmm
which is why every time Piper came
running at me with the bird in its mouth
I was running from her
I love the calc okay you're sitting here
he was laughing that's why I thought you
were gonna be able ones everything calm
down I thought you were gonna be able to
pick it up for me cuz you were laughing
at us you weren't flipping out now you
let the bird out Piper and daily life
let the bird die fight look sad bird
friendly
I don't know they were friends don't
think the bird much thought they were
friends that was not playing Piper play
not killing the people you're playing
with it is a Monday and um so I gotta
get ready before um um um um what is
called Taekwondo no do just sail fact
get ready for jiu-jitsu and um so and I
just wanted gymnastics Haley's trying to
get in my room um my friends got a
reindeer suit on um and so I'll be right
back I gotta get my GI fiber is in here
with me and she's got a reindeer outfit
on um hello she is spider she's mad that
she has to stay in here because I wanted
to show you guys her outfit but he let
her on a second
oh what'd you hear it was Pam aunt I
just want it and he just went to
gymnastics Haley's Ronnie
don't know why um now Piper's whining
you went to go to my class my jiu-jitsu
class so we went out there cruising
along and then so we got there and turns
out that it was closed because of the
bad weather and so since the schools
we're closed that means that that place
is closed because they didn't want to
striving in on the roads because they
thought it was too slippery
and so so then we had to turn back
around for the March and so yeah so we
pretty much went there we were sitting
there for 15 minutes and I dad look this
phone he saw he that he had a bunch of
email so we scrolled through them and
then he saw this one that was about my
klutz and so looked at and then it turns
out like I said that wouldn't have a
class ethic and so yeah how's what
happened
I'm home from gymnastics I had a great
day I finally got my first half
connected as had another couple I made
my first half on bars I've had a little
trouble but I connected it today all
good and um today we had a two hour
delay for school and way and day before
yesterday we were praying that we would
have that well today we're praying
because there's gonna be a lot of snow
tomorrow never you won't have any school
yeah I'm pretty sure we're not yeah and
we're sitting here eating M&Ms hmm and
why would they always say in in Emma
right in an eminence reading ends see
just smash it in why are they called
M&Ms I wonder wonder if anybody knows
Sara Lee said yeah ages all the other
news
that's another question then since work
I'm not copied oh it's colder Toshi Oh
making this my Toshi ah stop it
we aren't we had Toshi when we had Piper
we couldn't name her Toshi your ears are
cute you little reindeers and it may be
Toshi dunya yeah why cuz I always call
her that
why is it caller BG what's up sheep okay
sorry I got sidetracked with a really
cute reindeer dogs would you call her
easy so since we have a lot of snow the
question of the day is gonna be what do
you do when you're off of school and
it's so snowy I'm gonna say what we do
and what I want to do next so we write
we usually have the snowball fight
no I don't and mommy says that if you
don't have school tomorrow we may build
a snow in the others no never we've
never done you look you've never had
enough snow to do it what are you doing
you never have enough I know so I'm
hoping tomorrow we'll have snow to build
a snowman
bang let's go let's know then snow do a
few turns a beginning
what's the beginning we went outside
right now well yeah right
what where's what you seen the one you
were to sing weather outside is
frightful Oh
it's so delightful again from frozen
yeah let it go let it go let it blow no
I've never been that in oh ah
so if it doesn't snow where you live
then what do you do is an honest
unexpected now you're off school what do
you do I don't eat gulps I'm lucky to
sit around and do TV that's what I know
I know
are you stuck gonna fall on your lap
Bailey the other hand hey you don't have
to take the whole chair with you when
you go Haley didn't reduce you have to
go you just miss no myself
Illinois it's worth a shot so we'll see
you tomorrow crush your fingers for us
to have a smooth tap out oh you're
crossing your eyes - okay I'm coming
across legitimately out
can you you sure can
bake bake bake bake thanks for watching
Britt Ailey
