today ummbut a week right there under
the covers Haley party in the lead
really baby
yes thank you son a fresh pile again
doing a fresh pile yeah make a leap
angel
you got to make a wreath angel are you
gonna make one
you're just working a little bit you
carefully get up kind of got one okay
you've got another pile going let's go
get it
however you want to jump in the leaves
hey LeBron a jump in it in fact he does
all right what do you want me to throw
me doing okay
sacking the camera Viper
I'd probably try to bite you too if you
try to throw me and leave hi you're
gonna break my gloves hope I didn't just
fall into can I smell poop some we're
outside we can we use mom is on the job
she got you can do it two three just put
your feet down all right well then let's
as me have a turn nobody hold your hand
okay ready go
cyber no Jonathan Whirley uh what
happened that cold you scraped it on
elite I'm gonna put your clothes back on
you
you
then at first
Caleb do you see the train that's about
to crash into our table
Haydn's of the church
why did I sit in this chair put there's
a plane out over there
film in this crew restaurant see that
sign killer got it
we're gonna get a sign like that in our
house you see that sign that says be
nice or leave really didn't go anywhere
today except for dinner we went to this
southern restaurant we didn't go to the
south in places but we went to are you
trying to say the word southern yeah
yeah that's it and so grab a lost their
quarterback as you guys know and so I
didn't know that he didn't know some
people know and so on that guy he's not
their quarterback anyone is injured well
we should put like a rope what's it
what's wrong with him
he collarbone we should like do
something like indicate his collarbones
hurt like draw something on him or okay
bad idea don't know his name in the back
up but okay okay and they type something
you probably know this you can only go
to to that turnovers um
over times and so they win to that and
the title and so that leaves in the
question of the day which is what's your
favorite sport it's a harm not life
because I don't know this wrong baseball
hard decision
now if are not life
this is hard-knock life yeah confusing
me and probably everybody else do but go
ahead it's a hard-knock life to decide
from football and baseball but so it
doesn't have to be sport you play just
your favorite sport to watch or to play
or both or or nothing that's my favorite
sport I'm good at it
anyways so calm down look cuz we're
gonna no cursing the day is what is your
favorite sport
so bye and I will see you tomorrow I'm
not beating the camera if you wonder if
my aunty hasn't been on um the camera a
lot these past few days it's because she
hasn't been home a lot she's been at
gymnastics and then somebody took her
she was on for about ten days
stole a mini mood took her to a friend's
house to spend the night and then and
then she had to go to gymnastics and
somebody else picked her up that day and
then then right when we got home we
pretty much for a little bit like an
hour or two we then we went to that
southern restaurant puts Auburn
restaurant and so um and so they
wouldn't like before we got home she was
like
her face it was exact weirder like that
no no like that it's their normal face
anyways so hey yes that means that's why
and that's why and that's why and that's
and that's I have nothing else to say so
I'm gonna just gonna fake asleep so long
ago get the camera off me and then I'm
gonna be like this is gonna be a long
Thanksgiving break I'm just saying right
there under the covers
baekpa database
thanks for watching
Britt Haley
