hey everybody it's me Annie and me Haley
and if you want to know how to make this
happen just keep on watching best today
I'll be showing you how to make a triple
single egg these headbands are really
popular for popular from where I live I
see people wearing about the gym people
wearing them at school and I think these
headbands are really neat so this
applies you will need are two limbs
hooked together you will need two colors
or three I'm doing - I am doing the same
color on the outside green and that L
means I am doing orange you will also
need a secret and a hook tell them how
look Danny step one step one is you take
your perimeter but rubberband and you
find your middle peg and bring it to
your left peg like this then you're
going to grab and grab another perimeter
rubber band and you're just going to go
from here to there get another one here
to there all the way up
a perimeter rubber band is the color
that you want to go on the outside of
your lid so I'm going to be calling this
a perimeter rubber band is going on the
outside
go all the way up
until you reach to this the
second-to-last peg then you're going to
go you're going to kind of do what we
did on the bottom you're going to go to
let from your left to your middle like
this and then you do the same thing on
the other side I'm going to get a
perimeter rubber band if you're going to
get to the middle to your right I'm
going to go all the way up
I'm gonna stop and the second head to
the last my feet it on the other side to
go to the right to the middle when
you're done it should look like this
a queue that all your perimeter rubber
bands on you will push all down
step two step two is you grab your old
you're never coming back
I have orange so you're gonna put it on
the middle peg from here to here like
this you're going to do that all the way
up just on this all the way up
all the way up the end on this one and
then here's what it should look like
from you again
after you're done mr. orange or whatever
color you have a middle peg pegs you
will push all of them down
I've carried in that you are going to
grab another orange or whatever color
you have on your middle pegs and you're
going to put it around two fingers like
this then you're going to take it run
over here and you're going to twist like
this and twist like that then you want
to put it back over your two fingers
like this so what kind of snake blood
now you're going to have it like this so
let's go and put it on the farthest peg
the one that ii need first middle pick
the last middle peg right here
step three is going to turn your loom
around and come back to this and where
you put the capping down I call the
captain Bend so you're going to come
into those captain man's gonna pull them
away like this and you're going to grab
that other orange like this so you're
supposed to only have one orange and go
under the packing bag so let me show you
I get you're going to go and you're the
captain band and then you're going to go
in there to get the oranges don't go
under any just get that first orange
whoops first orange okay and then you're
gonna pull it and hook it on to where it
came from
then this is the easy part you're just
going to pull these away and just get
into that metal and you get the orange
you do that whole layup I'll show you
one more time now pull these away I'm
going to get this orange you know where
it came all the way up
you
when you're doing your eye light after
you get this I like pushing down this
rubber band making sure it doesn't come
up with
and even fit that would work to where
hit them this is what I look like a you
again
next thing you're going to pull back
those capping bands again and you're
going to get that first grade the one
that goes to the left like this
then just like you were putting them on
you're going to go under all of them get
that last green and pull it up and put
it to where it came from
this is the easy part now all you do is
you push these back you get that rubber
band and you press to make sure they
lock them up all the way up show you one
more time you're gonna go under this one
press it down
where it came from
then you are going to your other side
and we're going to be doing the same
thing you're going to go under the cap
and and you're going to get the brain
and you're going to put it to where it
came from you're going to go under all
these get the last green push them down
and over and out
push
all the way to the end look at on this
is what it should look like when you're
done with that perimeter ever dance
here's the fun part we're going to turn
your loom around like best so so all the
rubber bands are facing you put it
through like this like this
put your bring your thumbs down color
page make sure that's what happens when
it's all pick up an opponent make sure
it's on your under get it off get it
through all the rubber bands like this
did it like that and then you're going
to put it on where it's not over here
or also will fall off and all your whole
base will be done unless you catch it
that would be very fast if you can and
you're just going to pull it off I'm
gonna turn the drill but before I do
this I like pressing when I let them
down to make sure that it doesn't fall
off and then turn it around again and
you're going to pull it off this
like that that's what happens if you
don't but luckily now we can just do
that much easier like that this is what
it looks like when you're done as you
can see my triple single is different
than a regular triple single because I
thought I'd be cool if my a triple
single it wasn't connected on my head
because I kind of thought it would be a
cool effect for headband so here it is
it's not connected now it's time to make
the extension I'm doing mine on the loom
then you're going to take your perimeter
rubber band and you're going to put it
like you did in the middle of my triple
single like the orange you're just going
to put it all the way up okay
I like having some style to it so I kind
of switch colors then you're going to
need to stop one peg before the end
because you're going to take your triple
symbol off the Loom make sure your
pointer finger is in there like this
weight like this awesome I mean you're
going to get it off the hub like this so
it's on your finger like your fingers
the hook then you're going to turn your
loom around like this and you're gonna
put your um bracelet the little bracelet
thing on this hey the crap and you're
gonna scooch it back like
late like that on the other pet make
sure that you put your bracelet on this
peg so it's actually touch touching your
rubber bands don't put it right here
because then you're just going to be
making a single so the one that was
attached to your finger you're gonna put
it here I like stretching it so you
don't have to crawl into all of those
little things you just get the hug and
do that so cut this is going to kind of
be like our triple single you're just
gonna push down and connect all of Mike
fists you're just going to do that all
the way up all the way up then what I
like doing is I like putting these two
onto my fingers like this then you're
getting your c-clip or s clip and s clip
and you're gonna just attach it like
this I do one by one keys to easier and
then you are going to pull it off and
then add you can sing it connected it
then you're going to wrap it around and
get the orange e to oranges like that
you're going to put those two around
your fingers and you can do the same
thing
I guess and then you have the triple
smite end of triple single headband
that's how it will thanks for watching
happy looming bye ah babe thanks for
watching
Britt Ailey
