Wow
so let's shoot up with you and I'm
worried I don't think that glue is gonna
work it's not open clogged this glue is
not gonna hold it we need fabric glue
hold the camera have a cold do it I
really think by coming and your voice is
all raspy hello my name is Haley hello
my name is Haley my name is Haley Orser
named Dorothy mommy put too much okay
and here mommy did it now come on right
so how are you gonna sit here you're
gonna sit here for hours
when you sit really still for hours okay
hold it down got it
all right I'll come check on you in four
hours okay you sit there you can't let
go got it
are you gonna fall off all right well
how am I gonna get back over to you if
you start to fall
okay I'll put the camera down have you
started involved all right I'll be back
in four hours okay do you know how long
four hours is a long time it's only been
like two minutes he's probably only been
a minute okay bye
you want me to learn some new pieces
okay good arm good form that one what
you reading pick an x squared 1/2 Jim
you're being forced to read yeah by who
I like it's good to read you're almost
done with I'm leading sentence yeah
what's it say Bobby a very boring book
tale of school and after we pick him up
from school
we're gonna get out and drop him up then
we're gonna get the girls which girls
China Charlie and he calls them all
Charlie Charlie Charlie Charlie and what
is your name Charlie Charlie we're gonna
pick the 3 vs Charlie Ryan
I'm topic to a much probably sweetie is
very totally full baby talk when we're
talking about Charlie 5 are Charlie
voice you don't like a baby talk yeah ok
yeah
thank you you're my hunch bastion your
name is coach Tolly
so you're mrs. Charlie no mrs. Charlie
and I live the Charlie your carpool
indeed massively I got to go pick up the
Charlie I'm trying I'm fine yeah don't
be very nice to each other we don't spit
and we're not rude to our sisters let me
see that curl if you put your part of
the carpool yeah so you are a Charlie
yeah yeah Charlie at you Josh Charlie
Hill out of Charlie ding fine
you look good Johnny you're a good boy
she really wants to be a part of this
Charlie game so she'll say anything to
you right now
mommy mommy stop other camera with
Kaitlyn do you think you film doing
today I'm just kidding it's like I need
a break no miss chicken and see what
Taylor's do it can't just get down boom
ready 1 no 1 2 3 Superdog yeah we add
the stupid dog if we a super dog super
speed
Nani said that Piper could eat but a
napkin and Pryor forgot she was serious
she heard it tore the napkin up
so never tell Piper to eat something
you got a shoe up Piper eat that Boinky
yes yes it would
hey guys so I am playing Minecraft right
now and the girls are still in
gymnastics
Piper paid when we had some visitors
over because she was so excited to see
them even though she's never seen in her
life she was excited so she peed right
where she's lying but we cleaned it up
so she's not lying in pee um and no Nebo
or in the guest room so three looks no
one's doing anything so Oh Piper moved
so let's do the question of the day
which is
what what is one thing that you have
that you will never ever get rid of hey
mine will probably be this right here so
come down blow the girls will do this
when they get home so see you guys later
Dizzy's what on like making cupcakes and
she does it she's making Pony My Little
Pony cupcakes and she was like but the
odd room yeah when she was doing it not
with her murder
yeah wholeness and you and when she
plugged it and everybody's nothing
Haley do you want to be a baker when you
walk Haley has been watching the lots
and lots of YouTube videos
how to make cupcakes and bake lots of
goodies right I'm home from gymnastics
and I've gotten in pajamas all my
pajamas and I'm about ready for bed and
so now it's time to the question of the
day as you can see I'm in a knowledge
room I'm sleeping with her on her last
night save the best for last and the
question of the day is it gonna be you
what is once what is one of the special
specialist things mine is my family and
if you were doing - next would be my
blankie so I am going to read because I
have to read the chapter I have to reach
you two chapters behind Fred one chapter
now to read my other one to finish so
we'll see you later
baekpa database
thanks for watching
Britt Haley
