today I'm preparing something feeling
really gotta took down two times school
you know I am and I don't get how you
just saw the other kids are at home and
using known songs now what I in Mason
yeah chips me I'm the weird one are you
sure about that yeah I'm sure that
you're weird too if you throw that at me
you will be grounded for five years
I need your peepee
I'm watching you your eyes are up on
your forehead
well when you do that
let's pause that's right loud when you
do that you have to point to your eyes
yeah you know not your forehead you know
you don't point your forehead you might
hear yeah I'm watching you I'm watching
you and you don't have a little dog you
thank you
you're sure what see she's right there
that is your dog he's crazy Piper so
it's saying um give me which one with no
eyes cuz Haley wants to act it out yeah
everybody knows you're Dorothy I have a
dress and mommy is gonna be the witch
but she wants a face bubble but I say no
witches have green faces yeah I asked
because she told me that I had to had a
black all black dress and I said wait
what colors my face had to be and you
said wait and I said I really don't like
green I really like purple mom it's not
love me what color is a voice being weak
what the wait
and the whipped has a green yeah bummer
okay so who is everybody else gonna be
I'm the Wicked Witch Wicked Witch from
the east right yeah the one that pops up
nope
yeah I'm gonna melt okay not really
you're not gonna like no damn and when
are we doing this oh okay nice cut oh we
are gonna do a video yeah okay I can't
promise win cuz now that you say that
everybody is gonna be waiting for us a
Wizard of Oz video tomorrow and I don't
know if you what are you like scarecrows
oh okay so Annie's gonna be the
Scarecrow yeah and Caleb not what Caleb
gonna be depending on the Tin Man no
give me um turn out okay who's gonna be
the Cowardly Lion Pope Oh Piper okay
okay and who's gonna be the Great and
Powerful oz daddy
Oh who's gonna be Glenda and mater name
yeah the good one is Glenn McGrath who's
gonna be the Glinda night nonny and then
is that it I've got everybody we forget
anybody out there
well you've washed that skin uh who's
gonna be the munchkins all your stuffed
animals
yeah nobody had stairs
at the dress I don't think we have any
clothes what way does your dolls the
beat does like your American Girl dolls
yeah okay and my beam goes okay man it's
gonna be a whole production yeah I have
a lot of baby dolls and I have a womb I
had but I don't but well I don't I can't
promise when we're gonna have time to do
this
annie has gymnastics tomorrow active I
don't know what about today she has her
Netflix today - what about we but oh you
could practice your part show me your
part we are doing it with the camera op
this is a surprise
what do we think charades yeah you're a
mine okay so let me just give everybody
a sneak peek on your part
like what song would you sing I sing all
these song but all these every song
which one would you know the best huh
somewhere over the rainbow
No
if it's a good pineapple that lethal
when you target it'll pop out it's ready
so these aren't ready no there's not
hammer here what you're eating poisonous
pineapples no no you were scared though
for a second weren't you
I'm just not as flavoring at home it's
not what being sweet I don't think
they're having a problem with it we are
going to my jiu-jitsu class and my dad
had something to do it work so Moomins
driving me and this traffic yep yep yep
yep yep yep
you don't know
I'm kind of excited though that I get to
come watch feeling really good it took
down two times you really think Twinkle
Twinkle so you really saw me yeah really
far you really really suck what did you
think I was doing in there I mean I was
like in candy crush but I was watching
you too
I can play candy crush and watch you put
him down down is that what you're
supposed to do like does it really kind
of look like wrestling to me cuz I've
watched Mary Kate and David and you for
us you know a quick second wrestle and
it just looked like wrestling to me
so what's the difference the punching oh
the punching I don't like that all right
really you can punch in this yeah I
guess now cuz when you were warming up
you were jabbing hooking and stuff and I
really know what I'm talking about huh
so it's all of that
yeah what I like wrestling do because I
look a lot like wrestling well okay
well I think we're creating a monster me
yeah okaylet monster don't be a fighter
be a lover peace my friends let's do
that for send me a lover so you kiss the
camera all right go home thanks for
watching
Brit Haley
