time for what Kaylie so bad news guys we
don't know how long this video is gonna
be because we were supposed to be doing
a beat a beats then we did it but
mommy's what is it odd memory card
mommy's memory and car got damaged
somehow and we lost all of our footage
so yes I'd come to the mall with Olivia
and her mom and just uh out the claim or
at home but I just really wanted to look
this was the vkb he made um a headband
starburst so he's really yes do you know
what this is look now you can hide stuff
no way if one of this yeah you can hook
your phone there's a really good chance
that need live are switching beds so
we're looking at pottery I'm gonna
decorate some bedrooms
that that goes with this I think you
have this
anyway that is adding that are be
sleeping bags
oh these incomes yeah they're actually
are it's on the internet it must be true
like Christmas ones yeah and there would
be a profit
you
here in that queue like a leather jacket
can I have it
oh look at these I saw these earlier
Annie look look at the ones at the cat
yours well I was looking at these we saw
that earlier time can't hear you you
know everything else goes on in the
magazine boom
kittycat and then like I'll be like the
snow model
you look at gangsters like John about
models but gangsters seem so gangsta
she's not big sir
enough there's those it's cuz they're
slippers shoes oh my gosh mom it's my
perfect size I think she's just saying
I'm serious like seriously my toes are
like then we're talk up nope leave your
rock of it gobble-gobble no oh good
money it's going
oh my goodness
all right well you guys hi everybody
what's going on
when you say we're at Red Robin you have
to do it like the commercial where they
say Fred Robin get ready take two
Museum
now where'd Olivia go could we lose her
in the mall again we are home now
really go home now since it's really
quiet
Yash so this is really quiet I can
actually explain what happened today so
today we instead of filming one of these
kind of videos we were filming a BKB and
I was showing how you had to make a
headband for me and it was working
really really well until mommy's camera
clicked off and it said that the memory
card might be damaged so we walked all
the BATF it stuff and can't help it that
happens in my sorry at least for filming
a video right now so and I also have a
meet tomorrow so I have to get a bed I
have to get well-rested
so being Hayley and I go on the couch
and watch say we love steak exclusive on
stage I want to be saying right now you
can go check this video out but don't
try because it won't be there bye see
you tomorrow
we now have an awesome handmade headband
and how that was good say that again
and yeah how it works all right Caleb
wanna come to your model yes woman you
didn't think that it was gonna be
it'd be AV bkv you didn't think there
was gonna be a BKB without me did you
all right I'd start with hey everyone
it's me Annie
all right ready go wait I lied
now I love it now
hey everyone it's me Annie you want to
know how to point your husband's line
out and make this typing just then
you're in the right place just keep
watching
either one go hey ray it's me Eddie
and if you want to learn how to make
this headband then you're in the
reference just keep watching thanks for
watching absolutely I think we're good
ah
Beibei thanks for watching Brit Ailey
