pencil that's a non non is our special
guest
drumroll please mister this oboes a
special guest now your folks both are
both special guests
naughty sick mommy about sick today
kids do damn I got do you know what that
is called okay first of all I know hon
you know a panga pine cone pine this is
a pineapple and these aren't potatoes
Kiwi Kiwi TV Kiwis Kiwi Kiwi
we're like Kiwi now me we know you know
we means right yes yeah in French wait
oui Monsieur
be still sorry that's my best we're not
having that for lunch
she's me I
you're gonna ruin her shoes
excuse me excuse me young lady sit yeah
sit hey little puppies on my back
Haley's I mean what's your name Piper
Piper want to sit by percent last see
she says no oh my gosh big attacked
we're trying to get Piper something to
chew on besides Haley speech is a crazy
crazy house today
tell her make her sit oh you got every
all right no make her shake shake
and we'll make her lay down lay down and
she so we just hear outside and line up
the live announcer and Piper trying to
figure out a way to get up
she doesn't want you up there and I so
mean oh she's whining you did it you
want her to come up now or just like in
a few minutes oh well how are you gonna
get her up - she's done she forgot these
are very distracting you didn't know
she'd found the biggest leaf she could
possibly find oh okay
ready alright Inez trying to work on her
standing back tuck on the ground but
she's trying to figure out see your
heads not flying back apparently when
you do them on the ground your head
flies back exactly yeah exactly it's
harder that's my point that's why you
can't land it on the ground anymore we
put the ladder up for you
zip it up those you don't fall out she's
going out
and stress and pumps I'm home and I'm
doing my homework I'm doing some math
and I'm eating a healthy little snack
it's why it's good I like strawberry
kiwi drinks no luckily I don't like Kiwi
by itself
hey I gotta finish this last problem so
where are you on your multiplication
time three minutes
have you gotten it in three minutes yet
until you're at three and a half minutes
so you're working on three minutes cool
so you do it in three and a half you do
it in four
boom homework done yeah all of it mm-hmm
oh you're over here I did you my stuff
oh yeah spelling pretest I'm about to
take my spelling paychecks hopefully I'm
right
how many to get right today at school I
mean it have a smell blast oh my my real
test
so you haven't looked at these words yet
or you did a Monday you had this pre
time Monday I went to P it and did you
get all those right yes so making all of
this okay
there you go right with blood you have a
pencil that's a pen
okay just fell apart all right well
let's move that chair mat some help
Danny it's not gonna work you're just
gonna break the chair we keep doing that
gonna bend this let's just move all the
way until handyman daddy gets home could
be so handy lamb I got Stan okay I got
one wrong
I got indents s veld its c om d e and c
e it's actually sp so I threaded side x
correctly does that work like will you
miss that tomorrow and your spelling
test now no will you miss something else
do you usually get one hundreds except
from the last one
would you get wrong I follow the grade I
was so tough he's got a tear up whoever
it is What's Wrong Bo what's wrong very
easy and now someone's chopping down a
tree I just got home from gymnastics I'm
all in my pajamas and now it's time for
the question of the day we haven't done
the shout-out video in a very long time
I know it's horrible but we were just
too busy so today's question of the day
is going to be what should I do for for
our channel videos remember we like
messy
and or challenges so can be challenged
and messy it could just be messy and it
could just be a challenge even what any
of those work so um if you can pick if
you really like the video I shot a video
that we did that we already did you can
you can pick that one again if you
really liked it so like let's say you
really like that milk one where we were
racing with the Milko is a challenging
messy one you can do that one we just
want to hear your suggestions and we're
gonna pick one and that will be for sure
so comment down below cuz we want to
know the question of the day is oh yeah
what should we do for a shout-out video
by tomorrow
thanks for watching
Britt Haley
