on the way to the dentist
it's gonna date
remember a sudden breeze
what its gonna be like and in case you
didn't see I mean I guess you didn't see
yesterday using video I put my braids
yep and yesterday's lunch so after I
will tell you what it's like to have
your braces it so I'm done in it but
weird but is it very bad take very long
Hansen I have to go back to school was
it painful
yeah it was oh yeah cuz they do this ha
earlier and I said I was gonna be sore
so I'm gonna take some more medicine
bummer
sure
Oh catch aren't you a baseball player
and she supposed to be a better spit
over no I'm not a baseball player mom
moms are good throwers
I should be do you need your mommy to
help you with Todd yeah I got it buckle
up for safety
put like turn the camera off so you can
do this one I thought so
do you really need help yeah it's Caleb
proof yeah that open your own medicine
catch
that's not nice to say you're better
than somebody especially your mother
rule number four wait life lesson number
oh hang on life lesson number 3690 to
never say that you're better than your
mother what are you teaching the kids of
America what are you teaching the kids
of the world has a good ring to it
mother
all right only for them for you cuz I
love you so much okay everybody
as you can see him in the car like to
delay like you you will and you just
like another ordinary day we are going
to Wow give this cool work here is it I
don't know anyway what fair
just notice that
yeah yeah so we're just stopping up car
and also it's very important I have a
sample ahead
you were probably wondering that so the
reason I wanted to stamp on my head is
because today we were doing this thing
called a walkathon but some people got
mixed up and said it was a run us on and
so every lap like they're in front of
our school there's a big circle there's
a big circle and you would run around
we'll walk around and a but some people
would run around that every time you
would so here's the front of my school
you go me and I return you would come to
my school friend of the school it would
give me the stamp all up my arm so we
just stand up car and I have some really
really exciting news we've been
recording singing me singing my songs
and playing my guitar the file and we've
gotten up to ten recorded songs and then
I can make a CD and I only already did
it I it's gonna have a guitar on it
mommy my favorite guitar song so far is
Mama's little something something
something something something something
shortening red ever since I've been
going to guitar my music teacher has
been recording some of my songs every
time I've gotten good at singing song or
guitar song which everyone we're doing
that day he might say we it's ready to
crack or it and then I'll record it and
so far I've already gotten 10 songs
really excited because my music teacher
is that going to bore burn three copies
of my on my CD of all my songs that I
played and I just worry cries why are
you fake crying really like an angel
pretty dry yeah there I'll tell you what
no it's too bad to be looked at what is
it oh wait anything no huh no it's not
yeah
okay and the girls were with me and I'm
just gonna
peekaboo how's it going you guys found a
lot of stuff I did a whole bunch of
stuff
you guys are shopping for some Bibles
and some books
we're still in the book section they're
glued to the book
I'm ready to go check out they're still
reading
are you two ready yep princess number
one and number two you're gonna read
that whole poem book
you need to be seen oh man you are
getting pepperoni bro I asked what kind
you wanted hey Haley that's gonna spill
everywhere
you gonna do a swap she's peanut for
pepperoni
everybody's doing it so I tried out
Brazilian Jujitsu more time and I liked
it so we're gonna go back again next
time so yeah this is my so what is it
okay so you liked it a lot
so what are you doing jiu-jitsu more
time brazilians you just brazilian
jiu-jitsu and muy thai and what do those
knees punching Oh war toys toy box and
Thai kickboxing is so you're learning
how to beat people up or you're learning
how to defend yourself both does he need
no boats you do yeah I thought you just
needed to know how to defend yourself
Beibei thanks for watching
Britt Haley
