I'm glad you're feeling better
happy Saturday yo because daddy came
into town yesterday and rehearsals and
all that good stuff we skipped school
yeah that was yesterday
oh well he came in late the night before
so we spent the day hanging out as a
family yesterday I was like oh sorry but
anyway we took the day off from school
yesterday so this Saturday is gonna
Saturday morning they're gonna be spent
doing yesterday's work beauty of home
school super flexible you lunch is on
the counter okay that's not morning
anymore I just said this morning we had
a late start so we kind of skipped
breakfast and went straight to lunch and
Annie's not feeling great she's got a
headache
she's stuffy which is gonna be great for
tomorrow um performance with Brooklyn
and Bailey she's got something on her
face right here we don't know what it is
it was from the goggles she's just
falling apart she's gonna edit later
after school she wants to edit her vlog
aloha on your channel you did or on your
on your vlog Oh of what you got it
Claire's
it was buy three get three free so Annie
thinks hers three were the free ones
alright thanks for joining our morning
update we will see you guys after school
or before then if something fun happens
oh poor Annie she's just not a hundred
percent poor hailey what for hailey so
don't mind my hair I'm sorry I've been
editing for like two hours but I'm going
to be editing all night but in this two
hours I've only gotten one day done in
my week vlog but it's because I'm trying
to make it really good and I'm already
getting faster and my voice really hurts
right now so my voice hurts I'm not
feeling that great and that's not good
got a concert tomorrow oh oh oh
sneak peak I guess because that's one of
the songs I'm using I think I don't yet
but checking in with you guys editing
and my head hurt and my daughter and I
haven't talked in a while so yeah don't
mind this piece of hair I'm falling but
I'm editing so hopefully I'll be done
soon hey guys so right now I am watching
videos and it's about oops
it's about 6 12 p.m. and I'm pretty
tired I don't know why but
I mean he's editing daddy's watching
football yeah don't judge my hair
now everybody judging it
I forgot he said that in the first clip
I did um but really like don't judge it
I look like potato that's okay cuz I got
a little bit of editing done in six
hours
like a little like but like literally
like a little bit like an intro well it
wasn't it wasn't an intro it was like
four days of my week stupid door um but
I did get like four days done for my
week vlog but now I'm kind of hungry but
I've been edit things like six hours but
my mom can you stop oh because I've I've
got to get ready for Halloween Hornets
900 yes I know I'm very brave I got it
you don't have to tell me again I'm
kidding
what do I want to eat kind of a popcorn
but then I don't maybe I'll just have
one of these things these are good so
here's the thing that I think I'm gonna
do I think for my channel I think I'm
gonna do like a I've locked for five
days like Monday through Friday and then
I edit on Saturday and Sunday because
I'm gonna need two days to edit and if I
don't I'm have fun time other places
like Monday Tuesday Wednesday Thursday
or Friday you know there are some days
in the week right anyways and I'm
thinking that I might wait three vlog
but I don't know if I have not decided
well you did a good job doing books so I
will let you try another week look at
this first week up and now if you're
like what three for me for I was on my
fourth day mmm
and it's dark out now just for the
record you started after school today
and now it's dark you know my voice
still hurts yeah alright you feel any
better my head hurts
well you were standing at a computer all
day why don't you go shower huh and that
way your weekly show I haven't even done
my outro for the video for my video this
is an angle and I've moved up an alley I
haven't even done the outro for my video
this week
I stopped to be like well guys thank you
for watching how much I doing this again
but I haven't done it yet and I'm not
gonna do it napkins like why is it dark
out I'll be like the edges it for 6
hours and they're like oh really and
it's just gonna be terrible so I might
let's do it tomorrow that's my story
what are we doing tomorrow do you have a
concert but you're oh guest cheese guess
tea huh yeah you're supposed to be
resting your voice cuz you were like had
a frog what time I believe you sound
checks at 11:30 so tell me when they've
been leaving at 10:30 wait then I'm
headed before 10:59 I gotta start
getting ready at 9:00
nothing man I'm not good number one I
know what are you gonna do I'm gonna ah
ha ha alright my friend she's just
blowing for four minutes
oh and I want you to say she just I want
you guys to know she just showed us a
sneak peek of her vlog of the first four
days if she's edited and it's really
good and I'm a little jealous of what
she's doing on there but I know you guys
are gonna enjoy it too so this might
work out you guys like more footage
it's like Annie's perspective even
though she gives a good perspective on
our vlog it's more of my perspective for
the most part but the editing is so good
alright that's your update go subscribe
to Annie's channel and Haley's channel
while you're at it
okay she's gonna go get ready now okay
we've literally been laying around all
day it's been a really good Saturday all
right so Annie and daddy are getting
ready to leave Haley was eating pizza in
my bed but I turned to get another slice
I turned the camera on because it's just
like old times when this yippee yappy
dog oh oh oh she hears the food
she's like playing or eating eating same
Gigi clean up your mess girl girl glad
you're feeling better
so Annie's just gonna go out for a
couple hours since she's got a concert
tomorrow a song or two speaking of which
did you send the songs yes yes but I
don't think she's still decided oh they
already scheduled it they put it on the
calendar
my calendar so they're gonna take a
camera Oh yup you're a vlogger daddy
hasn't had a vlog in a while and all I
see is those extensions that wake up
it's just weird looking and Haley and I
are going to sit at home and a hangout
she didn't want to go anywhere so we're
just gonna probably watch a movie and be
lazy and that's your update there's the
side I want don't come here bite me
oh yeah don't mind my nine-year-old
who's still in yesterday's outfit so
we're watching the World Series Game
three yeah game for Game four we're
gonna where have I been
and daddy's not happy and he is told
Haley to go out on the balcony and yell
boo daughters raise your hand if you
think that that's a good idea
yeah I would not do Dodgers I mean of
course were cheering for Houston we've
been in LA just a couple like months if
you add it all together we lived in
Houston for a long time and Haley was
born near Houston mm-hmm very close blue
Dodgers here I like the Dodgers I don't
mind them but I mean if they're gonna
get Astros then boo daughters mommy
you're so rude and excuse me I mean
they're so mean meanwhile before they
leave to go out she's still editing
we'll be on our 24 now I can't even see
straight
she's working hard she wants to make
like she's making this very like
professional I love Annie hey turn GD
down she's snoring baby
hey y'all so weird
going to Halloween Horror Nights once
again don't mind my hair again I can't I
said that three times yeah I stopped
saying don't want my hair they don't
want I didn't get it anyways so for
Jaden's birthday because sadly we're not
going to be free on her birthday so
we're celebrating today by going 200
more nights so fun but she's been
instructed that she can't scream that
much cuz she's gotta sing tomorrow but I
only screw five times yes hold all the
screaming in and it was because like
five people popped out at me lighting at
the same time okay
so
so that's what we're doing
got it for me here you go you can add
some lip stuff some big nails and snow
globe okay you didn't even give me long
enough to pretend Gigi moved and you
moved that pillow comfortable with those
tags in your face pillow okay so the
update is Haley and I have not moved
from this bed no uh-huh
this is probably my laziest day lazier
than the laziest day the last lazy day
sorry lazier than the last lazy day that
I had I have been in this bed most of
the day I went and sat on the back porch
if anybody like the what the balcony
couldn't think of cold sometimes when
you're lazy and don't know words anymore
and you don't make coherent thoughts you
have yeah I'm just gonna stop right now
we're gonna do a question of the day I
don't know if when they get home if they
will but I'm good about about to fall
asleep boom I got it no no what's your
pet's name oh I have three pets excuse
me hmm hmm and and blue Luna they've
been gone too long or just laid around
you
I was about to say copper whose copper
copper because
copper because huh because we were gonna
name her copper we were yeah remember
the bunny
oh yeah okay so that's what we're doing
back to the scare zone what the people
at Halloween Horror Nights getting
scared
those people good night guys back to the
scare zone
you guys so we just got home and
question of the day they wrapped up they
question with a is what's your pet's
name pets names whatever my pets are
Piper when you Gigi Luna and frisbee
yeah
don't forget condom looks we did another
question today is what are your pets
names but it got so much good and I I am
so tired of there's one of my pets Oh
miss just tripped over peace always
remember to celebrate thanks for
watching
Brit Haley
