today we know so
yes
now I really would get link giving
cooler
like brown
red and orange and I don't know if you
want brown in here now remind me like
I could have bought
I know an easy one for next time
Christmas colors red and blue red and
green or Christmas but it's a little
early for that you just do random I just
want to do a highlights with me I find a
hidden picture
bilbies fun it'll be mother-son bonding
my dumb book books the FIR yang find the
hidden picture ones I think they're in
every highlights magazine
is it that's it that's it gotta find all
this stuff in this picture these are so
fun and we're going in order we're not
just gonna look at the picture all right
let's hold the camera here so that they
see you baby I didn't write down the
ladybug yep
found the mug put your hub
you know what I think it's gonna be the
hardest envelope up down a banana down
the envelope I think it's gonna be the
one button for doing good all right
doing good
I found the ruler the food air squeaking
I have two mini two to three more
guarantee you they do
I am looking and looking and filming I'm
held by taskin I don't know if they're
gonna find it before your appointment
found it found what the envelope got you
challenge accepted
okay guys I found a flag and I lost it
yeah so we're at the store because I
just got my braces tightened I got a new
wire set and they said that it's gonna
be a little bit sore so I'm gonna go get
get some medicine for my braces and I
wanted to get the melt-aways because I
don't like the chewable Connie and Bobby
told me to say because I'm a brat and
I'm not gonna say that
so oh yeah are we going what bad news I
don't think they make the melt wave
anymore you could try chewing um you oh
here here here I found them rapid Milt's
turn luck
he was hoping that we'd have to go to
another store to find them so that it
would be even later that he had to go to
school
too bad says that they have quit walking
in like a baby
they have grape and bubblegum okay
great for both of them does it what no
I'm not getting both maybe if you keep
knocking things down I'll beat you he
thinks I won't be able to catch him if
he's running we're gonna get him great
we are home from school and stuff to do
so we're gonna do fun stuff at the house
you will have to have adults help you
will have to have adults awesome so
first you will have an adult cut open
the UM the cravers you can always just
peel the paper off and it takes a long
time so it's easier if you just like but
don't do because that's a very sharp
knife okay so now that can take the
paper off yes to take the paper
hey we're melting crayons into shapes
these are the shapes we got you have a
whole pack for you to do yourself we're
getting to that because the next step
after you peel the paper off is to cut
the crayons an adult cut the crayons
into tiny pieces like that
we did a few while you guys are at
school just peel the paper off Nani
already cut it to make it easy I get all
the paper off all of our crayons yes and
then grown up well chop the crayons up
good when you have like a bunch of
broken crayons or dull crayons
Keeley you can recycle them and we're
gonna make new crayon okay let's get you
a different knife you don't move your
fingers like that little smaller
keep your fingers at the very end okay
put the end of this down they want your
end down and then go backwards oh that's
good no get a new crayon okay yes you
can do it under adult supervision
I'll leave your pant saying that you
can't write hey go one more okay Caleb
to 250 20 minutes or until the crayons
melt correct alright so you guys can
start filling Hey look come fill up some
in 2010 about 110 you're doing the whole
room is huh oh really
are yes and you get the shade of each
the crayons are baking in the oven and
um so that's baking in the oven we're
gonna do something else fun and that is
something that has to do it food
it's all shredded cheese vault you just
made that up your cheese ball bread and
spaghetti and since you don't like hot
dogs we got you something all right so
you take the hot dogs these are the hot
dogs you're doing the sausage so you
take that - you take the sausage
there's the hot dogs but I don't like
hot dogs so I'm gonna be easy make them
equal and so you have to never gonna get
the six pieces there all right go ahead
six
I stink it Cuddy I doesn't have to be
perfect I was just kidding with you know
the next step is you fun cook noodles
uncooked noodles and fYI Haley steak yes
and these are broken in half it said to
break them in half you stick by the
about five correct and making them not
like you and sticky and sticking and
sticking
breaking dad you have it and sticking in
it
this is what it looks like when it's
done oh you shoot them all the way
through
yeah like make it happy even cuz when
you cook them the noodles are gonna be
on the outside
there's a good perfect wave for a second
I step okay okay so then the crayons are
ready we should say then hot dogs are
yes it's hot let's see how they look why
do you like what well then when they
cool they won't be now this one's mine
oh so we make toys for about 15 minutes
yep and right now they're a little
they're melted and they're taking in our
shape we got it outside to cool cuz we
figured it'd make cool a little faster
hot dogs are done we are ready to put in
they're ready to film in the boiling
water
Betty cannot no and you take gentle I
thought you wanted me to be dry just
drop it yeah not too high because it
will plop there okay keep going put them
all in here Colin yeah yep good don't
get too close to the water line hot yes
it was boiling and I turned it down so
we kind of lost the boil I'm gonna turn
it up
you need to cook for about six days not
spying on you this is how it turned out
now you can choose what sauce alfredo or
spaghetti sauce what color sauce white
or red sauce
we got spaghetti through your hot dog
you get some weight it's another hot are
they still hot there's our Caleb's more
fun news guys they worked try to get one
out their home it rains - one hears you
going right now
yup you sure can wait nine Haley what's
right was yours
yes hey start over here lay up there
gently you got a try and when they're
not so cold you can see if you can color
them
cool freezing them really help I put
them in the freezer for about 20 minutes
yeah and they're just sliding out now
that's awesome I like a good planet book
daddy
Frenship one the question of the day is
what's your favorite collapse that you
make which one
it's threaded spaghetti or crayon shapes
I think you like to get them out and
it's so suck when you get him out say a
buildin I know I fell them do they work
do they end up working late then no
don't write on my counter crazy wait you
get a paper towel
ah yeah yellow may not show up on that
I'm gonna get to comment down below and
where did everybody go no no they
ditched us
now hey where are they oh man it will
not find them let's go hunt some kids
there's something wrong with Danny and
you just now figured that out he's
wearing Hayley's classes my battery's
dying we really do need to say goodbye
now
thanks for watching
Britt Haley
