today I'm preparing and so please hang
on you're gonna go digging in the trash
can to find them good morning guys
doh both you not easy I can clean up and
move in catch
I forgot out here and he would eat them
up
I don't think he'll really eat Bo but
Shh but I do think Piper could
accidentally hurt though because Piper
is really strong and Bo's really little
and it would be an accident real that Bo
go in and Piper come out dogs whop you
get to go play now
Piper's my carpool buddy today to pick
me up
cuz Hayley stay with nany so I got
another passenger right pipe right she's
a little quieter than my other passenger
shouldn't have as much to say
I'm gonna roll the window down a little
all right Piper let me know when you see
her
man yes fun is Haley Haley would be
singing or chatting a boring paper
I think you're too big for that seat all
right
Andy's coming but Piper hasn't spotted
her yet sees one kid have no disease
Annie
I need this okay what is it oh it's
beautiful I love it
she'll love it back okay brick calm down
hi Bree I want to leave feel bad huh Oh
squirrel squirrel oh yeah you look at
old
come on love the car
so I just got into the car from school
and um I need something for Donnie
Piper's of usual of being in the car and
probably she's trying to get by Bellini
please then yeah I'm really excited
because we're almost home and I'm about
to see Nami and everybody's gonna be
going on but it's not everybody's home
but
beau and Dottie and all that bit of
stuff and it's gonna be crazy 258 Piper
away from beau mrs. Piper no papers I'm
doing my homework I really wanted to
practice my math multiplication facts
because that's cool we do these
multiplication facts you called speed
drills and yet five minutes but if you
get 100 then you go down a half like 30
seconds so let three four and a half
minutes and today I missed four and I
was steady it
so mommy printed me out some
multiplication facts and study Rattata
okay on your mark get set go
three minutes 57 seconds you made it in
under four minutes three minutes and 57
seconds if you got them all right
54 12 anyone sit I did you guys know me
and MooMoo cleaned out my room and she
threw away some my Legos me yeah you you
say I'm gonna throw away some of your
Legos because you never put them
together you approved it I said okay but
please don't throw away the Lego Lego
men but then I was like okay I'm gonna
try to go get oh my Legos back then so
me hang on you're gonna go digging in
the trash can to find them so ready
night I ask the question is it worth
getting lego man to dig through trash
not me so I'm just gonna lay you down
with the question of the day and that is
what um what famous athlete would you
like to meet and why would it be so cool
to meet them I would say baseball player
to be more specific I would say actually
a football player football player I'm
gonna say
um because he he's one of my favorite
quarterbacks of all time and he was on
one of my favorite teams of all time and
he was the first quarterback that he
actually ever knew like the name the
biggest she's like the biggest guy to me
that guy is positive videos guys and
comment down below who you think it's
gonna be none of you probably answers so
if I see like 500 of you answer this
correctly I'm gonna know that you didn't
pause this video and this is not my
favorite team guys but this is I didn't
get I didn't get a guy I didn't get um
this thing when he was on my favorite
team I got it when he was traded so here
is number four quarterback and his name
is Brett Fabri bet Favre what they call
he's on the Jets right now he so he went
from Green Bay like long time and then
he went to the Vikings then he got
started to the Jets and then he ended
his career like it's 40 years old but
it's always my favorite guy so you guys
turned to combat down below okay so I'm
back from gymnastics and daddy is
removing lighthouses from my hand that
he's our that he's I did on this one and
you're doing this one and now it's time
for Christmas with it the question today
is if you could meet an athlete who
would ever in life Maundy Gabby Douglas
because she's like a gymnast and I
wanted like I've met her before but she
was sitting and I want to know how I all
he's and all that kind of information
not all she's a gymnast we can look up
how tall she is and guarantee it's not
very tall cool to me do that's true you
never know hey Gabby Douglas look into
that could tell everybody to tell Gabi
done Gabby Douglas that you want to meet
her Fabio said I wanna meet her brother
tell her right now
I wonder if Gabby Douglas has an
Instagram I don't know how to spell
Gabby Douglas but I'm looking her up on
Instagram g a b dy is why re why why how
do you know she's my paper G a B D Y D o
u G L she might not have an Instagram
already you guys following dad Gabby
Douglas is so tell me a comment down
below
yes that's a good night
thanks for watching
Britt Taylor
