morning that was from JJ with a dog like
a baby so we literally just rolled out
of bed and they came in here and they've
got this little puppy dog and we're just
gonna lay it out no laughs oh yeah we
doesn't like to be on her back oh she
has a hard enough time breathing upright
we're happy to add a little Gd oh well
the other dogs are gonna be so jealous
of you
he's like wow yeah Delaware's that she
heard her name on the video out there
she's like mommy daddy's calling me not
Godzilla though is it
Gigi we're calling you in here did you
alright so we have not a horribly busy
day but we're gonna go and rehearse oh
yeah and he's gonna sing rehearse to
song oh
we're gonna decide doing the Brooklyn
and Bailey tour she's guest starring for
their Los Angeles show this Sunday so we
kind of got to get a little prepared for
that so we're gonna go into the
rehearsal studio today and then that's
it right now that's it for the day I'm
going to bed we got to come up with some
other plans
oh my god I thought she jumped okay so
we're about to get ready for the day and
we'll check back in with you a little
later knows we painted her nails last
night and they peeled right off oh my
gosh yeah all right but of course now
they're dry though now they won't pick
we'll be back later
Hey
I got a sub Pat and Annie did where are
you
I'm getting a drink okay my chair I got
vanilla look cool and Jerry coca-cola
but then I saw there was a cherry
vanilla coca-cola but I okay why did we
decide to eat here what is so funny
Annie
we didn't mind that doesn't come with
being a fire and there happened to be a
firehouse stuff right by where Annie is
rehearsing today I'm like the hot
maybe the part of her costume so her
drink
this is what hailey does what's wrong
with your drink
like you got the Della's you got cherry
and you could have gotten vanilla so
we're gonna get a bite to eat before we
headed over to the rehearsal studio
whatever where your pickle and I mean
you can have my pickle
I didn't I didn't ask or say oh here we
go
oh yeah Haley was in this one okay so
this is the first time Annie is not
performing with Hayden or Brooke and so
we're here at this rehearsal studio
buyer so you feel proud is a proud
moment so it's weird to not have one of
them with us and now we've got to be in
charge of hooking this up by yourself
yeah does it sound like a phone and yes
oh geez you want lessons all right I'm
gonna daddy's gonna work on hooking this
up oh that's gonna be fun
I mean in the meantime and he's just
gonna hook up to the these mics after
they're done rocking it out on the drums
I love how its immediate even without
drumsticks that they don't keep in here
I'm sure they're used to they move your
drink where that's not in your equipment
because if it gets spilled I'm going to
cry hey move your drink and then you can
go as expect me that have a microphone
no see it you're gonna sing in it okay
guys so this is it
this is where we find out if Annie is
going to perform her first original
every time I sing on Sunday if this goes
well she is going to perform it if it
doesn't there's always another time
we'll just keep rehearsing all right
let's get busy
that wasn't it we're like the end that
very last ad-lib
there's no rush mr. savage Ramiro I
start the song until you thanks
hey guys we'd like to welcome to the
stage
Annie LeBlanc right and you're saying it
again please welcome to the stage the
wonderful goofy Annie Leblanc all right
please welcome to the stage our friend
and a LeBlanc hey guys I love seeing
baby for fighting on stage and all right
but in the world Haley you don't
remember the dance at all
did you spilled it on you did you spill
it anywhere else in here it's just on
you the aftermath headache she had a
headache this morning when she woke up
she wasn't feeling great and like the
singing made it worse it wasn't that bad
what what do you do what you do what was
so exciting over here I'm watching your
videos and what videos no mail videos oh
wow satisfying oh so we're gonna call it
we're gonna call it a day and Wow
you know what decision has to be made
there right so you know I'm just kind of
playing with Gigi and she jumped on the
couch and she buries her bone oh she was
trying to bury one you can do it jump up
here
update pool for a little while then
Santa Monica here with some friends and
Annie's gonna get some epic footage for
her vlog on the GoPro waterproof and a
waterproof stick we forgot towels so
Brooke daddy went back up and we're
trying to get a hold of him I'll go get
him if he comes back down
we took Gigi for a walk and he took her
back up while we came down and then I
realized no Taos let me see it
that's okay I'm gonna Google how to do
that that's gonna be well maybe that's a
good effect
well Google we don't don't know much
about paper that's why I don't use them
so maybe if Annie motivates me to
library ok so annie is going to jump in
but you're not gonna get to see it here
you're gonna have to go wat Danny's blog
for this week I think they just tap the
screen I think the screen just
well she's not wearing a right
she's such a dork she didn't even film
herself she's new here guys we are
getting our stuff and now we're going to
move on I missed it
she puts her arms and she doesn't count
as Reading System bastards who thinks
that's not robbing okay Haley was hungry
so we got her a snack and we're we are
now gonna move switch gears we're gonna
drive out in traffic to Santa Monica and
we're gonna ride some rides and have a
great Friday night we're gonna eat down
there we can have a snack like you just
had yeah we're just gonna drive and then
just call driving and LA all right ready
break
oh gosh
right now see your foot
again too big too big Opie so dinner is
complete and now it's picture time could
we all stand around and we'll blog and
we'll take a million pictures and then
eventually we will walk down here and we
will attack these rides one by one
all of you can only see their faces
all right we're gonna get the report
let's get the report Hayley go interview
them literally literally five seconds
later Kaden is back on Dillon site I
pray it's not Weiss why did you hurt me
it goes up and like both sides but
better the first or the second I saw you
break I saw the ring oh there they go
they're on the move all right Little
Miss it was wet right here
let him check you good luck my friend
spin it
how was it all right yeah let's go find
them and I'll see if daddy wants to go
in the buffer card with you he got the
bracelet oh they saved a seat for you
you sure do you want to watch it the
first time
all right she's gonna watch it and then
decide all right
know if you're nope no one else is in
line I bet they'll stop it for you no
stop
okay do you think she's gonna try it
come on you got this I thought you were
gonna do it if you want all paly just
just give me this look do that you could
do it
you got this take a deep breath hey
remember you did the bungee jump this is
an exit Hayden
all right we're gonna know by your
facial expression hey there's pumps
alright you got it a li now she might
not like it the first couple times
let her get used to it is she good she
seems good oh nice Amy I sorry because
as she laughing though she's laughing
kind of laughing
and a smile - she's like no Haley you
did it well that's scary
yes yay Haley you rode a big girl ride
scary it goes higher than you think
yeah gonna drop back home be proud of
yourself
yeah good job I'm proud of you
scoot in the middle scoot all the way
over
other than the Lord
I think that's the way he needs a sir
you good
what you took back that's two in a row
Haley - no I didn't think it was gonna
be that fast I didn't watch it first I
might have if I had seen it I might have
been like I don't know hey Lou
but I'm glad we didn't know because you
just had a blast all right they went to
the shark I don't know where that is it
you see a shark
I'm sorry
grab yourself Haley that was crazy bad
all right lead the way friends oh I see
it that's so cute
what did you just realize I need five
Haley does have some unexpected fun and
we found the sharks let me know he's my
best friend
alright let's go see how the Sharks were
like freaking out
where's the exit out to the Shocker Oh
over here knows how to beat you yeah
surfboards and
did you see what she wrote we didn't
know it was so crazy
I know you can do the one you did
unexpected fun you call it do some more
unexpected fun expected fun oh good all
right
they're about to win Hayden a monkey in
one in the monkey I said I was Hayden's
monkey I said he'd wouldn't Hayden him
okay cuz any because monkeys are his
favorite animal
who do you think's really gonna win my
money's on hailey did you spray him what
do you want which is your prize nice
I know the monkey almost lost a limb yep
oh geez a monkey again that's all you
gotta do and I almost get it shirt dirty
so the boys ran off and the girls are
dancing and chicken girls let's pick us
up found the boys
I'm like really zoomed in I'm trying to
zoom out you just tried to eat yeah get
the camera out they're gonna hurt
themselves I don't think the cars trying
to leave hey guys there's a car don't
like that
that is kind of cool-looking I'm not
gonna lie I just don't want anybody to
hurt themselves all right that was fun
we've got some extra kids with us until
we take them home okay boys who have fun
oh well Billy said are we kidnapping
them or scared yeah okay we are out of
sorts just getting home and the girls
were asleep in the car so we're gonna do
a quick question today before running up
to the apartment because once we get up
there they're gonna be no good favorite
app no no app you use the most on your
phone nope you got to say which one what
you which one to use the most that order
snapchat Instagram
snapchat Instagram musically hey what do
you use the most Instagram you change
your order
no my order and
all right guys mine's definitely
Instagram good night see you tomorrow
today was fun TuneIn huh what I really
couldn't hear you she's talks oh yeah I
do stalk her bye guys
dr. children is healthy still kids let
your parents talk you they loved they
loved you then don't roll your eyes at
them always remember to celebrate
thanks for watching
Vitaly
