because what do you do at school today
you don't know did you learn anything I
got you an eight
you got to a nice word how does that
yeah you don't go and they day and night
it's you you have to be nice to
everybody and pick up anything up with
them
and you got one I got you so wait that
means you are good are you bad at school
ever do you ever have any bratayley
moments at school no you know where you
act a little bratty no you just saved
that out for step four at home so it's
nap time in our house Haley came home
and got a cookie yes before she ate
lunch she had a good day at school so
she got a cookie and Piper is chewing on
her snack she has a rawhide stick and
mommy doesn't have a snack oh look
that's la brie old thing
you like them oh I want some lunch first
you think you're they're enjoying this
video of Piper you don't think they're
enjoying it
what would make it better it read part
me your neck well go ahead
oh wow that was a close shave all day
your cookie who Piper you would be
rounded to your bedroom if you ate that
cookie right the reason I'm doing that
it's cuz last video in the basement
flooded wood heater is broken so the
dishwasher it will not work and all of
our hot water will not work so we're
just we're eating off the plastic clip
and we're drinking out of rustic ups and
that means cold shower for Haley mommy
daddy and Caleb any in Piper and you but
I am going to someone else's house and
Hank
tomorrow showering in the cold is when I
take of that no hot and key look John
you also love lunch me well I mean your
lunch I want some Lunchables mm-hmm so
if this all right here
I have this little thing so much because
my baguette breath is bigger than your
bedroom it would be bigger than my
bedroom
Oh where's one of your like Polly
Pockets do you know knew I saw one
little Lego but same thing we're just
looking at it sharing is caring Haley
nothing yes it is okay that's the
fluffiest pillow I've ever seen right
now look at my baby a chance love it
what's this
alright okay and this oh no a dresser I
see it in this what are you watching a
brick you don't get very good reception
in your that's one way of sharing what
grade did you get it wasn't a great
project what was a project for what
class art social studies um no it's cold
start
social studies and it's really not I
don't know
their owner how was this related by
measuring we were measuring how big no
you could choke on that don't ever put
little things in your mind life lesson
what am I ask maybe this would be a good
one at 1200 and to look at the bird
where on the tree you know there was a
bird trapped in the porch this morning
and Piper was chasing it
let's go in hey Piper was chasing it
hey why don't we just use the door okay
Wow Piper she was distracted by candy Oh
Piper there's poop on my porch
Piper hello guys it's me Taylor and I'm
gonna bring you some more news we now
have four of people that have bought
baked potato shirts and um we now just
receive two more and those people are
seven gymnastics girls 2003 and ex
Grande Aaron X and those Instagram of
what does the Fox say you guys need to
keep posting it so then we can give you
a shout-out on that too
see you guys tomorrow or yeah tomorrow
and hopefully I'll see you the next move
this is Caleb signing up
goodbye Los Angeles
okay so I should see a man down and
catch the toes and he'll start shooting
at your master so I'm all icing me to
make it feel and I took some medicine to
help it so that leads into the question
today I think the day is what is your
worst injury you've ever had
caleb is the broken jaw
close behind it was I was dreaming
that's not an injury it was you were
hurting oh yes little fingers and the
door could be red gelling it Toshi any
way anything geez
so the lesson is what what are you doing
your body you're trying to throw the
football into the basket
yeah have you made it yet thumbs out so
what
Piper what's the first anything you've
ever had that's true they do cut boxers
tails off and the dewclaw the claw like
they have a clop here is kind of like
their thumb it's up here doesn't have
that wanna see take her paw oh she's
gonna lick me right there see it well
that's why the claw when she was a
little bit puppy Oh came out and then on
some dah I mean some boxers they see
what's called cropping the ears some
people like their boxers ears to be up
like toast these ears no we've never
cropped our boxers we like to hang down
the puppy ears that was I answer with
yours
mmmm today daddy and Hayley are sleeping
wish there's light in there so we could
see here missing completely
even play football babe thanks for
watching
Britt hailey
