when you wake up to this not fun we're
not really just waking up but that's a
lot of times how we wake up in the
morning we are doing school though
beauty of home school you can do it
while sitting backwards on the stairs
are upside down join home school now
kids why are you sitting like that why
not why are you sitting like that well
then let me turn this off so we can vlog
you vlog vlog Chen come back oh thank
you okay so your morning update is that
it's morning and today guess who's
coming for visit a visit
well guess he doesn't spend as much time
out here as we do but we're going home
soon the countdown the countdown has
begun alright so today that's on the
agenda is the daddy-o
we'll be here and then daddy and Hailey
are spending some time together because
we already made plans and I didn't
realize it was the same day whoopsie
Daisy made plans to go to horror nights
with Hayden and family so Hayley
obviously doesn't like that so she's
gonna stay home but then Annie got
invited to go again later this weekend
so daddy and I are gonna swap and I'm
gonna stay home where and Haley and I
are gonna have a mommy daughter night
hey have I filmed it yet or we still not
been back since I lost that camera that
one done okay yeah you've only been once
but then we went
like yeah but we weren't filming that
day so I don't even know if they know
that happen no I went to Fright Fest
Fright Fest was at Six Flags right and
we didn't film it cuz we weren't filming
that day and in the bay at the time that
we filmed I lost the camera so tonight
because it wasn't as scary well I don't
think you're gonna still be as scared as
that one night I'm still bummed about
losing that footage it was dramatic I
don't want it like I want to say how
good it was but then I don't want to
make you guys feel really bad because
you didn't get to see it but it was it
was good alright so I'm gonna let them
finish and daddy'll be here later and
we'll be back probably then see you soon
don't fall look guys we made it look in
the airport so they have this cool
little dog walking you're gonna need and
we made it there security that's the
biggest worry I had Judy did you you
traveling
okay guys throw in the airport we're
just hanging out
and he'd be a traveling dog
okay
I'm not cutting up with these scissors
and just opening it I bought some
scissors the other day I'm just gonna
trim it Paige forgot her scissors and
she would have given him thanks come on
in here and she would have given Annie a
trim I'm literally just gonna take off
like this much have I ever done this
before
once when one of them was little I don't
even remember and he's terrified right
now
look let me just show let me like
literally
let her look and then you can show us
what would you do Haley I mean literally
literally I don't look I want like
happening dad yeah I'm just gonna cut it
okay
I mean open I bought a pair I mean these
are not good scissors by any means but
they're better than kitchen scissors
okay
hold on me you don't even need to Bailey
hold those hold this thank you okay oh
my gosh such a professional can you like
try on one yeah
be careful mommy why would you cut down
on it Dani I barely caught any what
those oh they don't on the back I need
to see I think I need to go in the back
we just curled her hairs we're gonna
really I'm so nervous I think I need to
go in the back
well me please don't kind of live here
Annie Annie look I can look in the
mirror mommy please I'm begging you I'm
coming I'm coming down guys don't don't
judge my technique that's too much
that's too much Annie no go get it done
then that's good okay no I'm not done
you hold those look it looks so much
better all right let me do it in the
front now mommy know it please be
careful okay I'm being careful we're
gonna need a lint brush out for this
please be careful ah I'm so doing this
wrong I know so be careful please we
should have done it might was strange
okay good good good good good
okay mommy that's way too much mommy
that's way too much we're done done done
done done mommy mommy
stop
okay okay done roller you go Oh Thank
You Haley okay okay that's good that's
good Haley that's good mommy stop mommy
that's way too much Annie okay let's get
off the towel so we can just sweep in
here I mean let's the blanket me I'm
trying to get it away from you okay
that's good that's good that's good I
mean I'm literally just doing the
coven's
I'm literally doing a quarter of an inch
come on good are you almost done
may I need to be able to see so we
curled it and then done mommy that's
good oh yeah no that's good does it look
better or do we just really do nothing
here do this hold that I mean I didn't
even get what this piece oh yeah okay
such a whiner
oh you hurry home kids way too much Oh
still okay okay mommy that lose a lot oh
that's good it's fine jeez doesn't look
any better
okay that piece is a little family I
didn't get it all cuz she's such a
little whiny baby I think I did good
terrible look what look I just need look
at that I need to trim no cuz then it's
gonna be like no it's even they do this
they like pull it down and
please don't page I need you
I will cut their hair you know give me
the scissors
alright so we daddy's going to be here
any minute
sure stop stop and gearing up for daddy
and Haley time oh and Annie and mommy
timing then we're gonna do the
switcheroo I feel like sometimes I
repeat myself I'm I did but anyway we're
dressed we're ready for the day and you
are fine I promise
I could have done a little more no I'm
getting away from you here my mom went
to go and get him I'm so tired don't get
any a Polish outlet for him
oh I think this one I've got here in my
hand you don't have too much I hurried
up she just left like she left a mitogen
wrong so might take help I just say mac
and cheese and jumping on my tummy hurts
now we wait there's me please
yeah he's gonna take like five more
minutes but who cares he's gonna be like
oh my gosh we've gotten so tall and I'm
like yeah I know that's what they cook
that's what our conversations like yeah
I know just waiting yeah good good you
guys want to see the cutest thing ever
look what killer Colin look at her color
look under stoller see on her collar I
think you can wear every letter
did you cuz you had to bring water and
can you imagine them on a plane look at
you if if you pee on this floor you're
in doumitt trouble we're gonna take you
to the outside doggie place dad yeah you
haven't been I took an emu and okay
let's hurry up and we got dogs we got
dog no Piper doesn't even know how to
walk on a leash that's good
now look there is this water fountain
down there critics the rooftop she can
run around here see how that works
Oh show her the water Haley hey dogs pee
in that so doctor yeah don't don't run
on that
you think
don't walk out there with no shoes on
guys it does look like they just cleaned
it but I couldn't get my camera apps I
refused to lose it this time so who we
got there's hunter and Dylan and brick
and the parentals Oh see how many we've
been in three
well any like looking around
alright guys I'm scared to lose my
camera so I'm not having out in the hell
on a Hellmouth and plus they really
don't want cameras out but maybe I'll
sneak the camera I don't know yet the
night's still young but I really don't
want to lose another camera
all right we're going to the tram I feel
like that was the scariest one last time
he almost cut my feet off
Haley and I are being lazy we ordered in
the ordered in pizza GG ordered in beats
a - yeah no gimme dumb they took the
stairs
we were the smart ones well I say smart
I don't imply that Breck is dumb yeah I
just really thought my food with the
smart ones and then Breck standing there
right now so smart no I only very
athletic
intro she took the stairs I've always
every single time I come here I do the
big step really every single times then
like if I eat like a cinnamon roll or
something I would make you feel better
okay so if I eat a cinnamon roll all I
need to do is take the stuff yes done
some reason we've been talked into
riding a ride where we're going to get
wet that's exciting
row one gets slow most wet right
go row one I'm gonna hide behind you
guys I don't really want what are you
doing
you gotta protect the hair the hair
alright here we go alright I gotta put
the camera away
cuz nothing worse it on camera but a
camera they got so I gotta put it away
before I get in trouble you like
whose idea was that that's horrible
Rex gone amazing
we're finished
I'm sure we're done with amazement all
of them they said it's not that good
mommy well it's just little twins that
are like dreaming of something else okay
well you did it well might be hurt
I got home from Holland Hornets Halley's
and she kind of sleep she was asleep and
then you know we not really relaxing but
the question of the day is would you
rather go to a theme park or water park
hailey water park I think I would
definitely rather go to theme park
unless I'm like in a bathing suit and
it's summertime but I feel like I would
like to go to a theme park all
year-round because the effects are great
I will go on any roller coaster you guys
like you guys don't even know hailey
does not like roller coasters so I'm
gonna you ready for bed go to sleep
snuck off with Gigi see you guys
tomorrow don't forget to comment down
below
screaming another question today hey
we'd rather go to theme parks or water
parks
maybe guys I'd see you tomorrow always
remember to celebrate life
babe thanks for watching Vitaliy
