today I'm bikini I want new she's like
she's like in PI for what Kaylie hey
everybody says I just got out of I just
got into the car from school and we're
going to guitar and I got my chick-fil-a
and some popcorn so see you later okay
so I'm done with the I'm done with
guitar I almost said I'm done with the
car and anyways daddy do motorcycles
count for skittles why I just got a
small yellow motorcycle get it to shake
wait what oh now he's gonna see it
anymore mm-hmm so and I'm eating some
chick-fil-a and we're going to pick up
tail up dirty look Caleb
why are you something like that
because I'm doing my homework as more
comfy and I can think wait no I can't
watch this
can you see room ready this is where no
you can't a girl wearing that okay wait
I need to tell though yeah why don't you
get a home soon
stop being a door high stock score got
it okay so we're here
Caleb's school though we're a little bit
early some dimeric daddy
what does why just Brian pay me anything
yes
why is the letter that comes after ass
so before Z shush you know it men k-j
comes before it and L comes up gonna
I'll ask each other what are what the
was the nicest thing with someone said
to us and what the meanest thing is
someone said to us okay so the nicest
thing someone said to me is nice Pig I'd
never sleep
wait Jimmy it's a nice pay why we're
done
oh no no I was drawing a pig oh nice Pig
the meanest thing that someone said to
me was be quite mm can't mess with me
okay Annie oh I got one
the nicest thing was in my teacher told
us a grades and I went up about maybe 20
problems I had a 35 and now I went up to
57 right yeah 57 inches at nice work and
then the meanest thing ones 35 and a 57
out of line 57 problems right on times
problems and five minutes okay so you
did you go in five minutes to see how
many you can cook already got oh hey
this week you have to go up ten every
week
gotcha
I had 35 and then I went up Beauty about
20 so anyways ninis thing was probably
but this person was joking around and I
was reading and he was talking and he
was saying and for Halloween I could put
some ears heck could put some weight and
I said how about you put some duct tape
on your mouth
you're me hey you was talking for like
10 minutes straight it's not my fault
yeah you don't know what's about to
happen yeah let's go guys
we're about to get paid for her first
bath cooing hi guys here's your warning
she's gonna try to jump out you got a
holder nice little line for night what
her purse - she's fine she's fun just
kind of push her head down I'm going in
this one
drinks water everything she's like thank
you guys yeah feels good yeah great you
like great rates you love bump it off
I wrote I have a mellow game and you
don't know me when I eat then you make
taking my place
okay love you at all you've already
asked what we got where you don't a dog
Tiger goes hey did I'm done
how's you smell sailor do you see what
hover hey how are you smelling smelling
she's smell
perfect like it all yeah the wet dog
what yeah she does I think we need a
baby once me he got it like before he
goes in my age for all right Oh guys
come on
thought it would have hat look happier
okay guys now can y'all get one more
funny prank guys
okay Kanna not here freedom why do don't
go like that to shake the water out of
their hair base take baby thanks for
watching Britt Ailey
