today I'm bikini attack attack dog get
done with getting ready for school and
ah
Annie's already at school Haley's still
here for some reason it's a very odd
reason can you add economic hell and you
tell them like why you're still here
okay yes all right and I don't what
holiday is it
it's Christopher Columbus Day so I
thought what'd he do
sail the ocean blue in 1492 so you get a
holiday for everyone who celled the
ocean blue
Oh 49 oh just the people that did in
1492 okay how do you really know why but
I'm sending you to school for them to
teach you Thanks so I got a question for
you why did you spill my rubber bands
all over the place my rubber bands oh
wait but it wasn't me it wasn't any
you've got me up really early you don't
I usually get up when 8:20 that sounds
like lazy people
three minutes fast
that means you better know where you
were three minutes fast oh you're very
tap out today
yeah no I am everything stopped out no
should I make you tap out do you love
that dog
oh you guys to ins laying on the couch
together having a lazy Monday because
you don't have school this is getting
big
ah
what are you making I'll screw for you
and paper will you and Piper fit in that
house doesn't seem to be working very
well
what do you do are you making her a
little bed making her a little house so
you messed up the house Piper little
house mess your upper
attack attack dog mr. Cheesewright bring
miss kitchen so we had a half-day and a
school it's 12:30
if you and I know some people go lucky
well that's because I have to wake up at
7:20 in the morning he does and missing
huge paper and he she's looking at
everyone and she just washed lick'em
nibbled him do you watch yes race to
hunger yes yes hey hey is me is Annie
Haley we are cookies go anyway mmm yeah
good thing to say yeah you'll be just
getting out of scoring
I know what I am and that's not what
happened always fine dr. de Lobo I'm
perfect and no I did tell us the real
story I pine for him a line instead you
told rubber bands up and off to this it
was a nice poor thing straight down
anger over to Dale and Connor any day
would not do you want to see my weird
face our chart II don't know where
advice mm-hmm I thought the other one
was your weird face close one no this
one yeah
which my Nutella normal one which one be
some no oh no no no this is my novel
fake bad right there no not that
yeah all right sir
I'm gonna do it
Fievel I know I do it right now take
Amanda
and I have average this is from the
pizza place I also have apples and
cookie where you guys heading well where
were you I have offered to get a picture
frame
hmm for what so say I'm in my bed the
question of the day is going to me
what's your favorite butcher for your
pan story of you at night and that is
about to read me a book by somehow to
decide on enemy first grader at laughs
and door tires so we'll see you tomorrow
oppressor later tomorrow
ha my day look look inside
fleshes mine would probably be dinner
night dinner not dinner net down man
bye see you tomorrow hey seon-ah baked
potato
thanks for watching
Britt Ailey
