today and we're here with Jojo and her
mommy oh my goodness yes that clock is
right because I reset it yesterday 554 a
and we're leaving here in 20 minutes
they are in the bathroom finishing
getting ready hair and teeth you're on
set at 7:00 I believe at 6:15 so they're
very talkative they've been talking my
ear off all morning and they won't be
quiet
and I keep saying Shh it's too early but
they don't believe me nice shirt all
right you guys that is your morning
update we're gonna get this day started
and we're on set all day so we will see
you in a little bit this is one way to
wake Anning up bring her donut why is
there of these missing it's probably
somebody no I think he's handing it for
you because he's just a nice guy I just
think somebody ate some of it and you
imagine you know
yeah and sweatpants adorable your hair
still not dry and bands yeah oh my
goodness blanket is not coming away and
I
no filming today she's just along for
the ride
Oh was that a compliment
it was it ill all zooming in yeah why
it's the same thing as yellow yellow
can't you not zooming any more with this
green oh okay well wait once i zoom out
nope we're looking at a case because
your phone's gonna fall your back pocket
in break wow that's very very specific
hey not do that
really no it was okay
you spun around and it blew I hope we
have a which pocket no it was a little
like pocket Oh like this like that what
it was it was I just recorded just their
back pocket no he wasn't the same thing
it shows the camera me filming Wow Wow
Hey Oh guess what guys fun fact okay you
know like the myth is like the myth is
like bowls like are attracted to red yes
that's not a man it's true know if it
isn't true because they're colorblind so
any flag it could be blue a blue tried
oh they're not call a voiceover but they
are they're barcel√≥ way yes don't care
yeah but me like this is what you get
this is what you get when a high quality
footage you know it's it's wrong hi I am
vlogging don't judge me I look like a
ghost I always I always do the night I
don't know why I just pull a her up no I
put my doubt I can show my hair today
it's late the other rings like the
others mom I do my mic is like right in
the middle and it hurts a lot
oh my gosh you people who are listening
to me right now can hear every word that
I say hello well introduce yourself I am
Lilia I I hope a big bun on my head my
name is Lilia Buckingham I love Bailey
we made a bed and we're currently on the
set of chicken chicken girls my first
day here probably my last because I'm
not actually on the shows but it's fun
hey you should you'll see why you'll see
why oh yeah you'll see you'll see one
teaser P this Mike hurts so bad what do
you do in blog
I say hi say how you say what's up guys
like subscribe comment know I feel this
the wire on total except your like so
then you are having a struggling day
let's do it Oh what does that mean
question answer so like how do we do
that are you can ask the question here
I'm gonna do like ten or five or
whatever how many questions however you
money wanna ask you ask me like five
however many questions you want to ask
okay but I look like a marshmallow man
okay um what is your favorite who's your
favorite person on time right now
what do you are you too good for boys
yes she knows Haley why you got a
briefing how to do that oh and done with
a good soccer player
Haley what do you like to do in your
free time all right it's your favorite
part of making like this at our set in
general I love the people
my director she's cool she her name's
Danny Jenny Jenny Jenny boss me around
she's just like directs me yeah wait
who's yeah I like I I just love the
group okay next question was my favorite
food yeah let's do some pancakes
I love hey I'll take you to a really
good pancake
I am i fix pancakes every single morning
really you'd have a pancake off where we
should video pancake our challenge oh we
should do that except I'm really better
art anyway do you like to do it right
all right go on
thank you um continue such a fuzzy one
good I know
no you're caught wait your call time
wasn't seven yeah seven it was seven it
was 70 sure it wasn't like okay we had a
mistake today that okay so tell me it
wasn't anyone's Oh like persons on the
set forgot to put off like the crews
call time security which it was just
like 7:30 so we decided to wake up 5:00
to get here but our call time was really
eight oh you're so lucky I don't know
why I had to be here so early
it's another bag in the bag it is your
sweatshirt or it's something that you
ordered we walk into this is that
oversized huge that's pretty big it's
pretty big
good you can wear that to dinner I told
you couldn't go to dinner in sweatshirts
but I mean sweatpants but a sweatshirt
we literally just walked in and from
being wrapped and we're going to dinner
with some friends she played soccer and
now she's sore no no no we're throwing
over a net and I went now and you danced
they had dance rehearsals today too
yeah we're exhausted
it's been a long day we had set at 7:00
giant checkers gonna play she's like I
don't know if I can think straight all
right you guys we're gonna relax here
for about 20 minutes then we're going to
dinner all right y'all and we're here
with Jojo and her mommy and we we went
to Starbucks because we were waiting for
a table over there and it was a really
long wait so we hung out at Subway and
now we're walking back over to get some
food because we're really really really
hungry it's not that cold okay we'll see
in a little bit never too young to do
crossword puzzles in the kids menu right
Hayley you know I'm glad you caught it
because I said you're never too young
well I guess yeah you can be too young
you knew what I meant though people
right you guys knew what I meant it's
been a long day but we just got seated
and we're gonna look at this menu and
we're gonna we're gonna eat a lot
because I'm starving
Oh pasta
yeah the rule is you have to eat a lot
so we are very tired and it's about time
to the question of the day so question
of the day is oh the question of the
days what's your favorite store boon
like to shop out or just like um I mean
I guess to shop out my favorite store to
shop out is for everyone to shop at ok
here we go
brandy melville Urban Outfitters
forever21
romwe I like ok Amazon ok so don't
forget to comment down below cuz you and
I was like we want to know the question
of the day is unique
remember to celebrate life
based on baby
thanks for watching
for tailee
