everybody said good morning everybody
and went to Target and didn't get her
marshmallows okay so I just got back
from the store and I got a few outfits
for this weekend okay and I have a
surprise but no no David sent me nothing
no he sent mom yes I cut it is so good
okay I'm gonna let them I'm looking here
at the very beginning no word no no yeah
cuz you're probably you're gonna
rehearse it and if you listen if you
perform it like Friday hey rehearsing
if you perform it on Sunday at Brooklyn
and Bailey's concert then we're gonna
probably release a love little snap
something on YouTube so they can hear
just the beginning okay okay get ready
Billy hello will you interrupted us okay
we're vlogging so hang on one second
it's my first note on November 5th you
goofball my birthday birthday
we're blogging about the music video are
the music we were at right at the end
yes okay bye
and are you gonna announce your um title
I don't know so if you perform if you
decide after rehearsal if you decide I
wanna like hear the thing before I ever
sing but what this is the plan if you
decide to do it this Sunday then that
will mean this is gonna be the first one
but that means everybody out there
that's been watching gets to hear music
now which is exciting yeah but it's like
such good timing we'll discuss it guys I
will try to convince her because this is
like this is a good one to be the first
it's good it's ready but if you're gonna
perform it on Sunday then it's gonna be
out there and so we need to release it
you'll perform it and so guys I'll try
to explain to her why it's a good idea
but ultimately it you know I can only do
what Annie wants to do because this is
her thing but we can help guide her as
her parents and I do think that first
and foremost she has to rehearse it and
decide if she feels like she can get it
ready could we only have one time to
rehearse it and so if she can't I mean
if it's not gonna sound good
you know then we don't want to put it
out there yeah that's important so
anyway stay tuned we're working on all
this one song is done
but we got to do a music video but we
might do a lyric video first
so iTunes lyric video then if if you
perform it it's you know it's gonna be
out there so we're gonna get a lyric
video out there so that people can sing
along with you that's what they all do
we're figuring it out we don't know what
we're doing we're just doing this how we
feel oh geez
all right guys that was the morning
update yay these two can share a little
tiny booth that's so adorable oh wow
yes
I couldn't see that coming
all right so we're finishing up here
this was Hailey's pick a fact about any
news glasses
that she can do here - very well thank
you indifferently handy and that fun
fact about me which is got an original
coming up soon when we go live it feels
like go again no go say we were alive on
musically for an hour and then on
Haley's Instagram for 30 minutes so an
hour and a half we were live and it was
kind of like a vlog and then I just
realized now we don't have a vlog from
then but we are cleaning up I'm going to
unload the dishwasher and clean out the
sink the girls are cleaning up their
school and the messes that they've made
and all of that nannies got one eye done
and when I not done super fun I don't
know why she did that she got bored I
guess so you need to probably take it
all off and then we can we need to walk
down yeah and drive over to the
Halloween place we need to take these
extensions out that Haley is loving
you're not going in public with that but
anyway we need to go Halloween shopping
we need
we need a backup plan Haley wants to
make a costume but that makes me nervous
so we might attempt that but I want to
go to the Halloween store and just get a
just in case like because because you if
they're in unevenly oh my gosh or part
of it fell out you have two sets in
there yeah so one fell out
okay come here to me some of those don't
get tangled I know but it's it's half
out we have to make a video yes right
they wanted to make a video but I'm
holding the how to clean up first before
wait director or videographer okay
oh you're the actor who's he going on
your channel all right so are we doing
that first okay well I hope we get to
Halloween stuff okay yeah you wish as if
she's flipping her hair everywhere I
like you wish what do you think
you think I was being mean alright I was
not being mean but I am now gonna go
finish longer and this if I gotta snap
my fingers yeah we're gonna we're gonna
do something with actually how you went
to lunch was adorable until you stuck
those extensions in right now we're
trying to find Halloween costumes and
we're about to go in an elevator to find
Halloween costumes plus it's cool sorry
the elevator is really fancy look at
this we've got a mission it's fine to
back up Halloween plan in case we can't
get oh crap I really hate elevators Hey
elevators open ya hole open open
oh um I that was where is this place all
the signs
okay yeah we should we're gonna look
here and then we might go look for Mike
but I feel like Mike and monsters is
well it's kind of outdated I don't know
if anybody's dressing up like him
anymore so pick from this huge row and
you're a deluxe sista if you can't find
anything here yeah Halloween is a coral
rebe you ready what was it are you
scared in here Haley I don't know
where's the grave I need directions
that's a weird love Annie remember when
he used to be scared
alright are you guys ready we're gonna
we're gonna go find somewhere to get it
like a water or something cuz the walk
was a lot longer than we wanted it to be
and we're gonna get on the on the wall
cuz I say on the road but that's kind of
like we're on a car kind of thing so
we're not in a car because we decided to
walk like big goofballs
alright come on we're tie or she's
scared she's tired did you see this
creepy old lady up here you did
that'll be weird Annie ooh did she pee
herself just that's what mommy thinks
about go pose with her Haley she's your
best friend no next to her
she looks pretty real on camera she hide
about
where she danced all right guys
Halloween backup plans its what it's
about presenting Haley 2017 Halloween
fashion show
please don't judge our tie tying skills
does this herma mean right we were
probably doing this all wrong I don't
watch Harry Potter yes and so I don't
know if I got the wrong tie I am so
sorry I know there's different I just
kind of match I'm the girl the first
girl
Oh Harry Potter is the first boy really
do you even know what you're talking
about yeah okay
so come I want to show them my amazing
tie I thought I had it and then I messed
it up I'm like oh yeah I got this I used
to know how to tie a tie and I'm sure I
could do it if I took a few tries but
we'll figure it out so this is it we
figured out Haley's costume now this she
still might want to do like she wants to
make a costume but I don't know that you
think you're good
yes score it's so cute
a nanny picked a fire girl a firefighter
it's down here it's not kind of cute she
wasn't really sure what she wanted to be
so it was a cute one she's gonna try it
on but that's our little Fashion Show we
got the wand and the tie sold separately
it only came with a robe everything we
looked at like it wasn't like a complete
thing we had to buy accessories
is that cool okay oh it's just like it's
cool you're the cutest little Harry
Potter character I've ever seen you
should almost wear your hair like that
it's really cute what do you guys think
should she wear it down oh oh I know
what she's gonna do she's gonna put the
extensions and I knew it um where'd you
go
oh I'm recording Oh Hayley is back with
a minor alteration that would be fun for
you to wear just cuz it's different
maybe we'll straighten them straighten
your hair and then throw a couple
extensions in it
they already Wow yes no they're still
attached it's like a dog chasing the
tail alright my friends have found weird
coming from a nine-year-old dress up is
fun y'all when it's done in the video
okay
don't eat us director I'll just okay so
here's Gigi so I dropped the other dogs
off at the dog place we take them to and
here's the funny thing the girls don't
know but I'm bringing GG to LA Gigi's
going LA people I'm gonna take her on
the point with me and see how this goes
all right so we're having dinner on the
couch breaking all the rules but I just
needed to point out for some weird rude
reason what you say it was rude before I
turn the camera on Haley goes I have a
headache
I said let's film about it she's had a
headache for like the last I don't know
you said about 30 minutes ago
kinda like can you come here and let me
see if you have fever you're going back
to the bed yeah we were having such a
lazy evening after we walked or don't
move your plate let me have it over here
actually walked we just kind of came in
crashed
no don't fever you don't go usually
complain of headaches I think that the
best way to do it is to go drink water
first and foremost I think dehydration
she's looking at me like I'm crazy water
is the best medicine no not dr. pepper
no dr. peppers not angry and Paige's
world all right so she's gonna go drink
some water and hopefully this headache
will go away really can we use our
manners when we eat we're already
breaking the rules of eating on the
couch we're watching a movie we're
watching mr. Popper's Penguins and now
we want to put penguin and Annie was
watching it with us and sitting right
there and eating her dinner everybody's
leaving me okay fine I'll watch
something a little bit more grown-up
than mr. Popper's Penguins all right
guys well there ya have it
I'm left all by myself we'll be back
down with a question today don't you
worry okay reenact it and what is myself
my computer
not the reenactment that was religious
real no one bread my right in person no
actually my that red no what's up with
you guys why you seeing me red so we're
sitting here shopping for stickers
apparently for the computer I don't know
why but um actual conversation between
man Annie there's a sticker right here
right and it says good vibes right and
I'm looking at it and I'm like rubbing
my eyes and I said I said that good
vibes is blurry right
and I said yeah oh good because I
thought I was dying like and I'm rubbing
my eye that is first it unlocked up man
and out of it say that he's funny just
Huff you thought I was dying
Oh Haley like you had to be there mom
yeah it's total totally so I'm Haley
just got out of the bath and watched her
really dirty feet from our walk well and
um yeah I think it's time for a question
of the day it's dark out rec nighttime
what you Lord deep anger rectangular
stickers well I'm grading she's looking
at like phone cases and stickers and I
don't know she's just shopping online
shopping at its finest right here ladies
and gentlemen so what could be the
question of the minute Candace screaming
it's a penis gonna cute what's the
question of the day
that's my shirts we have the same
everybody has one yeah why I was
watching she goes to my drawer shoots
out a shirt and she puts another looking
at her like okay okay well who's got a
question of the day hey they will steal
it from you hmm what's your favorite
drink like coffee tea soda Gatorade
water juice oh whatever
when you get Starbucks you don't get
coffee in it you do not allow the right
God but because I wasn't there to order
it were you I didn't like water in
occasion with coffee because she wants
to like coffee
I tried for years to like coffee you
guys just not in me I don't like the
smell or the taste I like this but I
can't have two alright what was your
favorite drink oh yeah you said coffee
hmm
mine soda actually okay Haley like soda
let's admit it
Haley hot water to say that she oh and
then she drinks my no naughty oh it's
not really coffee it's like how there's
a lot of like milk and then like coffee
milk good
all right guys um we'll see you tomorrow
comment down below your favorite drink
and tune in tomorrow
always remember to celebrate life
based on baby
thanks for watching
Britt Ailee
