today I'm babay wit my voice is a little
bit more squeaky good normal so I was
sorry about that if he if it's if it's
more ah if it's like wearable high for
what kami don't you game I was watching
a channel and there was a school I
haven't hot cocoa
no I wanted it cuz I just thought I
wanted it not really hard out guys don't
really cold out that is what this is man
Tony push the handle down in a Christmas
cup yeah
you needed a Christmas cup let it let it
go oh no it goes wait get the lit up it
pokes a hole in it oh it's gonna be
super hot when it comes out do me to
pour some milk in it to cool it down a
little
okay let's take it out you want to eat
it out or drink it outside on the porch
that'll be fun yeah on the deck whatever
that thing in the backyard is called a
table you got no now buggered I can't
get it
you can't no mrs. Bell like and open it
what is cold little chilly okay bet
you'll stay warm with this
I really wish the construction would be
done you can't really come out here and
be peaceful can you
and then just joy the beautiful sounds
of nature you know that sound of nature
right there who's gonna get stuck in the
door one day you know one day soon
you're gonna be way too big to stick
your little paws in there and you're
gonna get stuck Piper yeah you want in
yes gonna let her open it let her open
it
hey no I'm in bed
you're not gonna drink the hot chocolate
hmm you may think you are but you're not
it's typical Haley as soon as we turned
the camera on she stopped oh wait maybe
she's gonna go again oh she missed oh
she's been running around this living
room for about five minutes straight
back and forth back and forth and I go
get the camera and she stops Piper
settle down whoa you're good okay what
the girl so I got back from school and I
finally got my spelling test
I got a 100% I'm
and um um what's his name again
ooh Billy Bob is home and time stay with
the girls so for just big we're just
cruising in the car and please PLEASE
borrow my car
and so we're are this way smooth air she
just picked her from school and um the
oxygen night I know I might not sound
that different but like my voice is a
little bit more squeaky than normal so
I'm sorry about that if he if it's if
it's more ah if it's my usual or are
annoying but I think is very annoying in
the comments tell me how your days been
going how's it been a good day had it
been a birthday house it has it has it
has it has it in the okay day I'm so
puppy it's okay
me and my locker our friend's birthday
good to fight with Walker yeah I try to
open it
oh yeah yeah your voice came back for a
second oh really it is yeah
that's odd no I mean like it sounds so
different really like it sounds weird
for you to talk regular now cuz all I've
heard for the last 10 minutes is that
squeaky voice I don't think that's
grating so what kind of talk about voice
is that you got a name in your Mac
chipmunk you know you don't have to
really talk like that and strain your
voice I can just make you sound weird
when I
ah
to pick up the rest it game and we're
gonna go to Damascus and a base mall
Oh fun fun fun don't they can hear me
answer
my plan of attack banana moving Adam so
hard to talk like that how draining
okay oh ah
say bye-bye Wow
we did Oh turn the camera back bite the
ever-lovin camera ah ah say mine
waitress weten is that you give me that
and hot the other day and cold this yeah
what's that about
October needs to figure out what it
wants to be does October want to be cold
or does October want to be hot ah no we
want it to be like fall like this
weather's pretty good yeah
why are you doing in the car just
looking for this I thought I dropped it
why aren't you doing your homework
Oh hominy why not
pre-k yeah when are you gonna get some
homework I know you're in kindergarten
hmm first in the car let's get all Inez
and gymnastics and you had to go get her
all by herself
oh boy so she wanted to do is all just
like Billy you can stay in the car do
they write right there's more like Caleb
you can stand the car Dirac Brad oh yeah
and PSD homework EPS I am done I just
got to read oh you're already well hey
in my book at home
oh you better freedom takeout menu or
humming bye mommy reading I am what huh
know what you're good
which I'm gonna do Frick wait watch
again there would be you that's my man
yeah yeah baby and it makes more
bracelets crushing you do some more
homework person and make small rice okay
anybody like my hair down your hairstyle
yeah your hairstyle looks the same yeah
lying come better be not lying
embedded you know done with your
messenger and I'm in the car and I'm
eatin meatball sub with fries eaten in
the car so don't have to eat home cubes
and that's just finished his homework
because he comes straight home who
school Goodwin you went to baseball man
now he's in the car but eight so we and
you can see we have a lot to do in the
car I'm eating everyone's tired
hey less to do his homework cuz on
gymnastics and basements burner
yeah
so I'm going to bet her right now right
but I could do with the question of the
day so the quote so I know he had him
done this one before but we've a lot of
new followers o subscribers all right
and day it's going to be if you could
have one superpower what would it be I
would have the powered flight or
thinking like to see whatever at anyone
else is thinking and I'm probably going
to pick thinking because if in this case
I really want to know when my coach is
gonna do ticket drawing I just wanna
know what's in her mind and when we're
gonna do it or that was horrible sketchy
so take it away the question of the day
since I passed it on to me is what super
hero power would you like to have and I
know we probably have done this one
probably before but we get new
subscribers every day so for the nuke
subscribes like this can be your first
particular video and your first question
of the day so how it works is you we ask
a question of the day and sometimes not
we haven't done in a while we do high
low and what high low is well I'm not
gonna tell you now because I don't want
to go in full detail because that would
just be a lot of explaining and let's I
don't we probably have enough footage
anyways so what the question of the day
is back on track there is I'm gonna ask
you guys a question for our new
subscribers and you guys are going to
comment down below in the comment
section what your like what the answer
what you say the answer of that question
is so like this for this question
the day I'm gonna say um I would like to
be fast so anybody like say on Disney
Channel that would be Bree I'm up there
on Disney Channel but like TV like the
kid shows rebury that she's fast and um
because I want to be fast because being
fast is better than being strong because
someone shows the punch you and they're
strong within Yuki just run away and
we'll see you tomorrow
ah babe a bye
thanks for watching
Britt Ailee
