today I'm bakalyan Oh ty for what kami
hey guys though unnie you want my you be
gone and I hate anybody food that is um
pancakes for lunch any villain cakes
would dinner but everything what is it
again it is breakfast for lunch
these are more syrup on that one that
good yeah Diane young boy do we draw
burn
wait I want to fourth and one
Mike you like lip
hmm
I'm talking about hearing your thoughts
what is that that's the eye well in the
eye
here's the pupil what's this one
the bones skeleton you know
Galton Jake yeah a skeleton shake know
it it's what we do it's a song who can
you sing it was a scary song here was a
Halloween song mm-hmm just called which
which boy I know and can you sing the
song hmm why not oh you embarrassed now
I just don't know I wanna move oh my
gosh but we've got something what's that
one
cheese cheese cheese it's not teeth all
right this is a touch this is the skin
so that's like hairs coming out of the
arm do you have hairs on your arm yeah
yes not under your arm on your arm right
here
Oh your epidermis is showing Hayley and
that your epidermis it's showing
everybody can see it right your
epidermis Linda
you better cover it up why everybody can
see it
was that your skin Oh mommy yes are you
I can be Jochen you can see my skin hmm
you can see my epidermis the skin and
can you say epidermis doing yes can you
say supercalifragilistic expialidocious
no you camp a mannequin can you say on
them out of here bottom idea
what you're doing
listen to the rain
really coming down out there hi everyone
to go play in the rain when you go
outside in the rain Piper
in the rain feels like me
what is that sound
oh he was arrested I see oh yeah ah ah
let her go let her stick around she
wants to go investigate let her go look
at her nose your socks are halfway off
your feet look like a clown
hi everyone to go out there hey
everybody
so I'm stretching out we're in my room
cuz I'm stretching out to do macro
Anitha you've got the camera all set I
had a cute little camera man - you know
how we usually do a Korean videos
outside but today it is raining and
we're we're rushing because um we're
rushing because we usually do acro Anna
is it after and videos on weekends we
didn't have time to do it this week and
so now we're rushing to do it today but
we're rushing right now because we're
trying to fit it in between mommy
getting the kloves and me going to
gymnastics and a condom or dogs I've
Damascus today and I have to get into a
Leo and my hair is done but we're a
Russian nut right now because it's we
usually do it on the weekend and I
decided to do a back handspring
challenge not really a challenge it's
how many got hamstrings you can do in a
minute so let's get started alright
Hayley's that camera set up it needs to
be moved back move it back back beep be
miss cameraman get your camera set up
alright I just finished my Korean video
so if you want to know how much back
handsprings I did you have to go in
watch that video it's on my channel
after Anna so I'm not telling you how
much I did so you had to go over there
Mahdi will try to put a link either it's
either right here or try here
here or it's somewhere on his daddy's in
charge since mommy's not here and we're
going to do a game called best
impressions first you're going to do
your impression of Annie okay good
that's your any impression okay what's
your Haley impression that's like dogs
so why she says all the time she wants
to play dogs how does one play dogs one
acts like a dog and the other one feel
which one are you usually you come off
more as a dog to me
the owner lease that's what Piper tells
me hmm it's a deep Piper burn now be
mommy yeah okay now be daddy-o
mm-hmm okay so you say this when she
screams clean up and use it Katie
you need to clean up your mess - yeah
who do your impression of Annie what's
something and he doesn't have a she act
I'm writing home right now pretend to be
Caleb what's he saying there's something
you don't know
so what she said I I am awesomer than
you are
I had Caleb and Hailey Mach everybody
like act like they were other babies
first you're gonna pretend to be Caleb
this is easy
I can't listen they'll pretend to be
Haley
I want that she wants everything yeah
now pretend to be mommy can't live with
anything
I mean Haley say about me good much
so now pretend to be daddy I would go
say hey I love my daddy the most that
too and says something you know what you
know what Haley said that um when I told
her to imitate Kayla she said I am
awesome awesome now I want you to smell
this smell no I'm good now I'm gonna die
love how it smells
this is my car yep did you fall and it's
not it what'd it smell like a lot of
good smelling stuff well just smell me
yeah what I want a gag no you want to
smell stuff that's good looking at you
guys okay conjunction pickup foot mirror
like this wait no this is a bad
this is the pretty good I mean pretty is
your favorite TV show which means you're
pretty to make a TV show I don't know oh
they're pretty put your favorite TV
Charlotte's a good one so the question
of the day it's going to be what is your
favorite TV show before me Internet if
you're wondering why Caleb's there and
he'll is not screaming everywhere it's
because Haley we weren't we wore her out
so she's in bed sleeping so because my
name is what is your favorite TV show
you said hey love I went to Kayla
Allison King dog the blog
I said that to Annie that this was gonna
be my favorite movie and I anything it's
not a movie the TV show yeah wait no not
that to it yeah do you remember what
he's up what his favorite TV shows Jesse
it's just me Jesse yes just EQ Ted see
ya be like Jesse hey why not white like
you like one of merrier ha ha oh do you
like my net uh-huh oh let's you never do
that again
yes I knew you're gonna do that I can
today now we want to hear yours it's
wrong good soft on you look like a total
moist now
how's it feel good hey ah baked
potato baby thanks for watching Britt
Ailey
