right now we aren't going to lie
we're gonna get a new thing alright
let's go hey guys I'm going to the nail
salon and just really thought about what
we should I'm sad about let's handle I
don't have a piece of gum what channel
is it but you know what I'm happy about
what channel for Haley that I bought
them and I think you have some in your
purse and and you know time helped me
about to have another piece of gum and
he's running in I'm not running and get
my kid won't let me pull up and through
the front here hold up you might have
logged me going oh no no no tell them
what happened
so I was like this is what went through
my head I was like well they're filming
right now so I'll film later and I guess
that meant don't bring my camera because
I'm a film later in my head I don't know
then I was like okay I'm gonna I'm gonna
film now and I'm like wait a minute
I don't have my key to and she already
forgot her camera yeah but normally like
I was getting started I'm a rookie okay
first of course we're going to the mall
getting our nails did and then we're
going to it let me jump in possibly shop
because we gotta find something for
Annie to wear to the Brooklyn and Bailey
concert hand cuz everybody loves for
Clinton face I was meant to say too does
like Brooklyn Bailey and then raise my
hand well oh wait no no no you know home
and do what we are going to do school
school is important yes moving a little
out of order today stay in school kids
he's back we didn't know she was gonna
come
three years old you really know what
started she took three minutes
we started getting scared and I'm gonna
get like just paint because I don't feel
like ruining my nails again so just
paint I'm probably screaming like a
French Dip notice just that's it I'm
gonna be French French tip why I'm
getting different I do not a French tip
why did I do it what age was I when I
sat in the front seat I've had to watch
the vlogs again but I would have think
it was 11 maybe maybe the right before
you around 11 would be my guess so 10
but the difference if you were bigger
than I was tiny and tight nothing you I
was bigger are you saying I wasn't at
all not really about your a matter that
was true though I was better
you were the fattest baby but it's not
really about your age when you can sit
in the front it's about their size like
you've got to be closer to adult size
well you're not even near adult-sized
and I'm almost adult-sized
right you're almost a little place you
gotta be a bear bag we don't want it to
crush you what I mean was I decided to
convert would I be able to 19 without
his baby you were not the best what Oh
what
caleb was the skinniest Danny was a fat
baby we're talking about baby while he
was skinny terrified would I be able to
reach the gas pedal huh I think so yeah
would the gas pedal wait which sides the
gas pedal on the right and then the guys
go to like a smaller one yeah I feel
like I'd like slip and like the car
would crash outfit of the day I got
those shoes these jeans whatever this
thing is like tied around your waist and
yeah and my hair is just terrible I got
highlighter lay down the wrong way wow
I've got some highlighter on I've got
some you scratch out on I might edit no
because I don't have the absent small
cars bleep whatever that's
discrimination against big cars
mommy are you okay mine why do you ask
well that was a total fail the place we
came to last time is closed down no all
right let's go to the directory there's
got to be another place here there's got
to be oh there's no other nail place
fail I thought we could make up for our
fail but alright what does the help are
$10 can go justice doesn't pierce your
ears and not till you're 13 at least and
you'd get your father's permission
did you ask daddy huh
Hey look what Oh Lakers jerseys alright
well that was fun right now I'm in Riley
rooms and we couldn't get our nails done
the notes were were closed the nail
stores closed you're sad but William de
la Rosa chairs up and claimed in a
bathtub the backlog this is smart
and
and look at these soaps these are so
smells like one of those might Annie
have to use her own money doesn't want
to buy anything
these are soaps yeah those sharpies are
two dollars and fifty cents each sharpie
and a pair of plants
so
okay so one is one supposed to be poop
is this poop this poop oh it was I took
me that long to realize that this is
splat the monkey
oh my goodness
what happened oh it started to pop out
we're gonna do the hashtag falling in
public and if you're wondering why my
eyes are like this because we went to
Riley
I wasn't really bad
what kind are you gonna get what sample
do you want what's flavor pineapple
he's telling you all the favors okay so
what kinda mill is really good water
watermelon please
what is it cup fruit fruit juice
or do you not even know you can
got it a what alright let's keep walking
think oh yeah take the gum out of your
mouth that's
take it every drop rocks who doesn't
love a great pair of crock all right so
we never found anywhere to do our nails
we are still walking around with this
going on
but we've done a little shopping she got
a Beautyblender
well a silicon Beautyblender and we're
gonna go get something to eat and then
we're gonna go home and do school
you think so huh we'll see so my hair is
definitely something exit the highway
doesn't look great oh all right does not
look great that is okay cuz we are just
going to dance with Jayden another
beginning hop hip hop class Army's is in
the same class it's a different day
you're right on a Monday last time
that's Tuesday so we this time stead of
being late we're choosing to be early
yeah
but almost too early so I'm not sure how
this is gonna work there's there's
things of you I've been kind of liking
rings lately I put two more on her
that's how did you meet I'm hearing yes
I did how now you can go live yeah
now dance how dance is different than
gymnastics you could never wear a ring
no and she's playing like going live I
guess we should say oh yeah so I wanted
to do planning on going live later today
IV at home and at a decent hour
something so bright so my mom I'm gonna
do like I think I'm gonna do like some
makeup because I got this new like
sponge thingy majiggy like a beautiful
thing like it's not a Beauty Blender
it's like a beauty silicone thingy
majiggy I'm great at English
and so but I had been needing a mirror
lately it paid to Kirk own mirror with
Paige took her own miracle with her
excuse me no but dollars the mirror I
was using for makeup which so it wasn't
that big of a deal excited I don't
really do makeup think that often I've
been I just never let me down Fridays
and a ride today
so doesn't she days in a row today two
days in a row are you serious
I remember when you guys got eight
however many years ago like let's got
eight eight because Annie can't do it no
more anthems well he's been annoyed
everybody yeah sounds like me you know
what sometimes that's life and that's
her little face she was in so not really
gonna apologize for it so I'm not sure
I'm gonna do is my hair it doesn't look
like it's falling oh geez
especially
just a lot of midget spinners that's
like fidgets cube before we dance we eat
we drop we drop things we eat cake pops
and we go to Starbucks and these are
little girls my friends we are in
Hollywood as you can see look at the wax
museum you guys and look how beautiful
it is it it is out of here tonight
heading to dance with this crew are you
ready to not have Starbucks in your hair
there's a little bit of Starbucks in
your hair save it for later though so we
are heading to dance and these girls are
going to get their groove on is that a
thing okay good all right good I got my
dance lingo I still got it so join us
stay tuned and when you come to dance
you'll need waters I'm teaching the
people that may or may not have ever
danced before it's much like any other
athletic venture you will
go to I'm losing my lane
you will need to hydrate I was gonna say
dehydrate no hydrate watch these two
girls that's these two girls learn how
to use credit cards okay I thought I
heard somebody say it wasn't working but
I wanted to come over and see you guys I
think it's not working
shall we put bills in and see all right
well stay tuned for some water not all
and for that
did you get a drink no you want a drink
break yeah go say thank you all right
that's a wrap on dance class number two
not a rap on our time together my friend
we've got dinner alright so but that's
what Rathbone yells dance lover hailey
is hot
that was hard was that harder than the
first one yes yeah she was sweating
alright it's dinner time we are always
eating at this place after damn I
shouldn't say always it's only our
second time but it's kind of what we do
so good yeah it's gonna be our tradition
now he's really quick
Oh shopping for makeup tougher
categories they only let about an
hour-and-a-half let's say we're shopping
to make numbers were like oh we'll
just tear a time yeah good idea
Haley you're gonna go fill that drink up
are you filling over the water okay good
geez oh geez we're a math you guys oh my
god
okay stop it - love Annie preparing for
her lively tonight I'm so scared mommy
uh-huh
bye concealer possibly lip stuff did I
give you the lip stuff
oh that one makeup by day ten we need to
go soon if you're gonna go alive oh
you're gonna go live in the morning okay
well we got caught up in the makeup
store because it's just hot what happens
when you get a bunch of girls together
and we want to come play and make up is
this a sample this is a sample but they
didn't have check in the back okay God
so I'm about to get ready for bed and
yeah that's pretty much all I'm about to
get ready for bed I'm about to question
the day what we're gonna make up great
so the question today for tonight is how
many siblings do you have how many
siblings do you have and I have two and
now it's time for you to comment down
below how many siblings you guys have so
comment down below because we were know
the question today is how much as I have
and yeah so bye guys see you tomorrow
peace love you bye
I don't know that was always remember to
celebrate life
based on baby
thanks for watching
for tailee
