today I can see your pants hey guys I'm
used to say no Piper's pulling on the
kuiper give me that okay go ahead Vipers
in my lap so um we had to spend the
morning cleaning and Annie was at
gymnastics so she didn't have so she
missed out our fun fun fun waiting and
you thought it was time to pack up I
know how to say - please pack up
um Toshi stuff anyway put it in a
special Emily we're gonna happen get
toast use the cage and we're gonna take
it down and pack it up and everything
else is gonna go on a special place like
this bowl which I made for Toshi
so this year same year she died 2004 to
wait do we know we got our new doesn't
pick up stop looking it Toshi right here
then inside
just just her colors black and white
movie they've gotta see so it's just
black and white everywhere and it says
Toshi in the 2013 right here okay this
is the story of Toshi um we adopted
Toshi
she came with this toy we did not buy it
you choose two years old in Japan and
that's why it's got little and so we
move back to the states before daddy
Nick and so she was all hurt a lot and
this was so she's best friend so she
played with this toy line she got really
really really attached to it so we named
it Wilson because movie castaway where
the guy is favorite you know why I named
it Wilson I believe cuz it was a Wilson
volleyball the brand it was Wilson and
he was it was his only friend was a
volleyball and that was tochi's only
friend for a while so that's how Wilson
got its name
all right what are you putting away that
special of toe juice what is that stuff
her collars over there her collar and
your collar you wear collars yeah
Tosi's caller Toshi's leash and we also
kept yep kept links of his collar she
just died of old age we knew her time
was coming she was just old she just
went to sleep Saturday morning and
didn't wake up so I have all of my stuff
ready my American Girl doll my pillows
my bags my sleeping bag it's in the
present and my hair so we have matching
hairstyles we are about to head to
birthday party but the reason why I
never I'm bringing my noodle is because
it's going to be an American Girl
birthday party so we're getting
pedicures and we're getting our finger
nails done and Regina getting this thing
called a facial I don't know this stuff
is heavy all right let's go it's already
started hurry
we're late we're late yeah we're really
late
we're like an hour late
rather very cold I brought you a jacket
I bet it's gonna get even more cold as
the Sun Goes Down yeah what are you
doing down there putting rocks and
mushrooms you can exfoliate my feet not
my kind of pedicure why are you hanging
out in the bleachers down there it's a
hanging spot well I can see you
I have a feeling Keith about hitting
dirt on my hands no way yeah what are
you gonna do you're telling stories you
are gonna put dirt on my hand what is
what happens if I close my eyes and you
put dirt on my hand you give me 20 bucks
okay oh I see a little thing of dirt on
there yes you have to give me 20 bucks
now yep
what do you think happens to little
girls until flies tell life thank you
better time out or you go to your room
inglis Haley I need you to tell me
without getting sad
how cool was that birthday party that we
dropped her off at how cool was the
birthday party we dropped her off
what did you see down in the basement a
nail salon handy it was the coolest
setup ever like they went all out there
was American Girl doll table like that
set up like a cafe like the Bistro at
the actual store tables with the little
doll chairs if they sit in and there's
tons of pink there were others
everywhere we got a sneak peek on what
the girls are gonna get to bring home
for their goodie bag its pajamas or
their American Girl doll it was crazy
awesome
Hayley was a little sad in the car he
would have been sad to Kayla because you
wouldn't wanted to stay did you miss us
watch you guys won't be able to see me
well a little bit I can see your pants
no I didn't mean it's underwear
so we're gonna do the questioning flash
you know burning question of day okay so
let's do it
question of the day is the question of
the day is the question today is let's
see
shy
are you doing British hey Mia
she always says titanium she says
titanium titanium and breaching they say
detainee detain him how do you know she
knows you're not I am British British
don't you hate my accent well sometimes
I think some word you do well but others
you not so much with this sounded like
your fourth I don't think they say yes a
British all right what's your access box
not yours I can also do an Easter Bunny
accent say Congo because we want to know
the question of the day is what's your
favorite song you didn't answer
you said the star-spangled banner' but
hey there Delilah
you sound like a sheep thanks for
watching breath daily
