Oh cleanup done on this beautiful pit
fall and mommy wanted to take kitchen
but she wanted to UM I'm not very good
with filming with this camera
I don't know if you guys heard her but
she's saying Olivia Olivia's mom gave
her this umbrella cuz Olivia didn't want
it anymore let me try to put this on
auto ok and see if the this will work
better
oh no the Papa I am part two sad day in
our house when balloons pop let's go see
what happened what happened at the grass
pop edited Piper poppet Piper you did it
she thinks you did it it's not a good
day I don't know if she did it Haley the
grass really may have done it like it
the very first balloon that popped of
yours it may have been the grass
you thought it was Caleb and it wasn't
I think she wants to run around and play
so guys I'm sorry if this footage is
blurry
I don't usually film on this camera
without a tripod and I figured since I
was coming out here to take pictures I
would just do both with this camera I'm
not very good at like moving around with
it yet
Piper she's got an umbrella because I
think it's supposed to rain today yeah
we're going to give our imaginations for
shizzle oh my gosh some days I never
know she's gonna laugh or cry are you
okay watch out she's about to break this
umbrella oh she's bent the umbrella up
ma'am let man bended let Jimmy unbend it
for you no I would do it she stepped on
it after you fell
so I just got home from school and I
idea how do you want me to see have to
lay down I was just wanted to do it and
the sad sick and she did it unless
I lay down she kept shaking and said lay
down and then she lay down then we did
against it she'd have two thumbs up if
she can do again yeah do it for the
camera Piper are you gonna make us look
like liars
Popeye BRR sit shake down lay down
litter Schafer's okay she get set for
shaking down is she doing that on
purpose I try one more time let's check
it I don't believe you Piper the laziest
lay down I've ever seen okay why am i
tell singer the cars yeah let's make her
on the carpet let's take the cheater on
the carpet sit sit shake lay down lay
down
good girl good girl mommy this is a cute
for lay down - go
what dance party did you pick my flowers
hello guys um again I'm the only one
here wrapping the video up because
Haley's asleep and Annie's at gymnastics
also and I'm the only one here except
Piper Piper is the only one that could
join me but she didn't want to she told
me it was sad but the question of the
day is what is your favorite thing to do
after school or just in your free time
like what do you like to do in your free
time that's it yeah and I like to watch
TV or play outside well it's come down
below we got very great this
announcement so we went to see all of
the comments about Piper's middle name
and the one recited pick is Roni her
middle name is going to be Ronnie Piper
rody so thank you all for your
suggestions we saw about 30 of you guys
comment that so thank you we'll see you
tomorrow
dr. guys might enjoy a sleeping boxer
I was just gonna take a picture but I
couldn't buy my phone Thank You sweet
yeah Tibor roaming the San Francisco
treat
I don't know if that commercial plays
anymore so I'm hold and I'm showing my
age all right I just had to get some
footage of my dog so I can get a picture
out of this I mean it's pretty fresh
it's totes fresh ah potato baked potato
babe I
thanks for watching
Britt Ailey
