in time for what Amy it's about 5:30
evening we haven't filmed today because
till that assault we had planned
tutorial about how to make this fishtail
bracelet but the problem is dad and me
this and we have no clue how to do it he
didn't like two days ago and he's not
here to teach us how to do it he was
gonna teach me how to do it and you guys
when he got home from work today but of
course the one that he was running late
we needed him to show us so that's the
scoop of the day so we may not have a
lot of footage but today the knees and
Luke's mom came over and got flu cough
and t-bones here and Piper and tooth on
our fighting so watch what I become it's
not really fighting they're just Piper's
bugging what oh don't just wait for it
so mommy and I sat down getting all the
supplies out waiting for daddy to come
for our tutorial and we were waiting and
waiting and we got more to mommy and I'm
gonna try to make a try to make a
fishtail
so mommy went to take all the rubber
bands off of the loom to actually make a
fishtail and she did her first rubber
bands her second rubber band and then I
went and popped off
yeah what I have something to show you
it's really hard to walk down steps when
you're trying to film well I wanted to
come on the side of you because it was
your where you pop down to your knees
and go into your back handspring is kind
of cool but you couldn't really see it
up there
catch your breath oh hey um Piper I
don't think your friend t-bone there
wants to play Piper Piper you want to
show everybody how you slide down the
slide crash
all right let's see you best trick zip
it up best trick oh that's cool
does that have a name front full was it
did he make it all the way around sorry
it's hard to see for the camera oh that
one was low but good try you want out
you can't open doors all right let me
come down here and get a good angle all
right
so close whoa spider-man holy spider-man
what are you doing no no no no no you
can't put your leg over because you
might fall um excuse me I've got a
camera in my hand I can put it down and
catch you yes No yeah let's not fall on
purpose Thanks
I have yeah I was trying to write you a
fun African can you do more than eight
of these one two three oh one two three
that's cool
hi last time I did a couple years ago I
fill my head oh and then I didn't do it
for like five months
could you bet you choose to do it here
you do it you choose to do it here where
you could hurt yourself on my watch I
have it okay one I was straight up 203 I
know
oh no if you took it up about two three
right here oh yeah
one two three come forward four five six
seven eight nine ten eleven nice oh no
he landed on his feet it was 11 he
landed on his feet I'm counting 11 I
call 11 you aren't the official counter
of bat tux now are you no you are not
nope
13 I missed like the first two you
probably emerged just over here bouncing
and saying one two kidding dizzy all
right I think we've made up for footage
for today yeah yeah and daddy's still
not home no yes Anna oh we're done for a
little while
what was that camera office you but it
was done filming and then she went
inside and I was still out here and I
did my hose if that we almost had a we
almost had a splatter Danny all over the
ground
you did it that was it okay nice quick
calling Momo boo boo um hanging out
where they always are
daddy's home
finally mmm and do the fishtail and I
decided blue and black he's just gonna
show me real quick and then we'll do a
more detailed video for her later take
the bottom when you figure 8 it like
that you should know Todd did that you
put one side and interest in me yep then
you take the other color and you pull it
on like this how does he figure out that
fine he probably went on YouTube and
then you take the black detective log so
you're going every other color yeah I
don't get part good always push him down
see take every other color right now so
now that you have three colors on you
take this the bottom block one right hey
and you pull it and put it on top yeah
get on this side he's totally did do
that good go to youtube oh he could just
be really good yeah he just like went to
sleep one day dreamed about rubber bands
and came up with this idea all bands are
often bands
so that's the that's the first one I do
okay now you know every other color it's
it's boy I liked us gonna push it down
thank you know figure eight this time I
figure eight anymore
oh then you're gonna take this tape on
over the top make sure you're always
pushing down it's kind of like this game
really first what you need to do as you
push down these you need to grab this
blight the black piece that's the very
first piece that you did you need to
occasionally pull down on this until it
starts to get just trying to make sure
that you guess so
now what color are we on like how long's
a while like hours it took you hours to
do that I'm not filming this for hours
reason actually gonna take hours okay
quite a few minutes did you have to do
every single one kept what kept play you
might easily are you I mean I don't I my
sister me my sister make to fish Charles
um you know I just hire me my sister
with the fish down with her fingers hey
show me how you do it with your fingers
I've heard her Haley wait he's gonna
show us a trick
Oh same thing twist it put it on your
finger take the other one on top over
over mesquite dunes anything have they
linked together though cuz you're gonna
fold it does everything thing I get it
dad no but on your same hand
Shannon what happened what about five
minutes we just think of that
yep it's gonna take like 13 hours just
like my iPhone app update is it taking
sure you've knows now I don't know
what's it up to Caleb yeah I'm gonna try
to not judge may be okay don't press
your fingers I think that's right that's
right
yeah you just keep adding my iPhone
updates taking how long finest uh-huh
down to five myself lies a at all
yeah I almost it's done
damn it oh cool ah look down let me see
mommy you know what else is cool
football look
yeah they interrupted your football game
I need to learn how for my sister cuz I
just tangled it up look guys we've got
like a rubber band making sweat shop in
here child labor this is the coolest
thing
well there's no walls against that nope
no child oh wow
he's making I need a roll no yeah hey
you want one yeah
all your face IT boom daddy there's
almost done right so cool right yeah I
don't get how you do it let me say
waiting what are you screaming at little
girl why this matter well a spider or
just the lamb here's the web yeah yeah
got everybody doing it even Haley it's
hard to explain how's it it is but it's
easy once you get it yeah but you got to
pull your bottom 130 out let me see
yours Caleb bracelet making factory
right here the basic hole whatever
whatever whatever we'll be selling these
for half ah ah
my fingers you're gonna be dead tomorrow
well turn it around I say your backs
gonna be dead because you just pulled
landscaping duty what what movie is he
quoting the goofy old owl of you know
maybe I'm voting I don't know what movie
your pudding
I am so with this you know I'm like
super Gary I know like oh my gosh are
you doing a pattern nope are you doing a
pattern Haley yep what pattern are you
doing I'm doing orange and black
you got it now pull it down a little
look at you she has it Wow
and I'll get all she pulled one this is
booth that's okay we can pull both Lucas
for home and I'm sitting here making one
another bracelet and right now it's time
for the question the debt so since we
were making these for about the whole
video pretty much um the question today
is going to be do you want me to do a
tutorial on how to do it on fingers or
how to do it on the loom hmm so comment
down below because we want to know the
custom today is why do you want our
tutorial to be either finger or loom by
tomorrow
ah
potato baked potato baby thanks for
watching
Britt Ailey
