good morning everybody
Haley is starting her day her Monday
with some language Annie did school
yesterday almost finish the whole week
and just woke up on her own and
completed the rest of her week so she's
gonna do this I knew she said maybe she
would do some more so we can possibly
get ahead but the days beginning and
Annie's already logged over here on her
camera some stuff that's going on in the
oven I know it's not really technically
it's not really her camera it's just our
extra cam camera calm down just a little
bit okay bringing it back bringing it
back to the calmness because she wants
to do a weekly she's gonna vlog her a
week and and she's gonna put it on her
channel which might get very complicated
because that means she's gonna have to
do her own vlog and be in this vlog and
it's gonna get really confusing and
we're gonna see if we can keep it so
separate but anyway we've had breakfast
and we're just starting our day out it's
some nine in the morning I think who
knows anymore
all the days and times are just blending
together but I'm gonna in the morning
vlog or this quick update so Haley
couldn't push her little play button and
we could not just interrupt her mm-hmm
all right so this masterpiece happened
at the check Annie's channel soon at the
end of the week and you'll see how that
went and Haley's doing some language
still and look what's going on over here
look at this setup
this is my camera so oh you're using
this as a mirror yeah and you're
vlogging right now no not right now not
the second but that's what you're doing
over here taking a little break
alright so that's what's going on it's
lunch time and Haley's almost done right
are you almost done you have to get what
done hey are you almost done I almost
don't know that accent it's hard to
understand what you're saying you would
never need this but it's no that's the
stuff I think that when your friend hey
Dean put Hayden did Annie's makeup is
this the stuff
this is Bob if you don't know what we're
talking about go to Annie's channel and
watch Hayden do Annie's makeup because
this is funny until you're actually
vlogging on your own stuff on this
camera tell her tell her to do it on
this one so we don't get super confused
but you know how hard this is gonna be
what happens when we go to the pool who
gets to vlog it but yours is a daily
vlog mm-hmm or footage of the pool I'm
gonna be like we're going to the pool
okay now I hired doing my makeup makeup
makeup you're like makeup yours are like
lawns of spying on - you're like okay
I'm gonna do very short we're gonna try
like cookies milk stay tuned to a
Annie's YouTube we're going to tie a to
get food mainly shop a little bit um
it's one o'clock so I don't know what
we're gonna do after that we're gonna
check the mail probably sounds fun
so I guess we're gonna go to try get
after Haley don't just don't move like
this I that's disgusting
she can't even speak first I jammed this
finger in that cabinet trying to get a
plate down for cookies and then just a
second God's looking for this camera and
I was closing the door behind me and
then I jammed the same finger and it's
swollen and that hurts and it's numb
thought I put that out there so it looks
like now we're going to target and let's
do it there's two cameras looking me
right now I stopped sunbathing this is
getting complicated apparently we're
cold okay we're gonna get some good
snacks are you miss straight Oreos
that's kind of fun okay I'm gonna run
it's Terry doesn't have to vlog okay
let's watch her crushed Doritos hey guy
no no we need that we need that go back
go back
we need this huh Wow
I know trying to hear me is gonna be
balanced eat off the balls today if she
gives back in the morning that was a cop
I'm clever too kind of what that wasn't
laughing yeah and it's so excited
I see your face do you see this I'm
gonna be him for Halloween you're gonna
be we need to buy Halloween stuff
Halloween and Halloween it's on about
eight days but for you when this comes
out we'll be about like six days no no
six you're lying
hey five days so we were just talking we
were like I was talking about actually
might have to go watch my video I'm
doing something after every clip of the
video of my scene but we were like maybe
the potato vlog needs that kind of stuff
but like they were like I wonder like
what like are you guys getting bored
like how about you comment down in the
suggestion description thing and tell us
what you guys want to see tell us like
hey go to New Zealand wants to go to New
Zealand or like if you want to go see us
do our Everest I was gonna say go rock
like when you sit at home do you Michael
yeah can we go places do you like LA
well everybody everybody it's gonna be
like everybody has their own opinion and
you just look like you know what I mean
like sometimes there are days where we
just sit around and some people might
like that better but then sometimes that
we're really busy and some people might
like that and maybe if you guys want you
can even suggest that in the vlog we
could do a little challenge like maybe
does mommy's makeup wait
make it a little more exciting I cut it
down more so a shorter and shorter the
world footage you want to see like more
creativity like we show our feet going
up the escalator when we go to Target
and then you see a little bit of target
like montages or like raw just silliness
like I'm so comment down below what you
guys think and while you're at it
compliment someone to make someone smile
good doot doot doot let's go do do as I
said do good eats and yeah let's go it's
these little charms around a necklace
and it's like little like you just need
these little you just go to jo-ann's and
then you just get let's do a nice like
of Michael's maybe just didn't you just
get these little bar balls bottles and
then you put them on a chain and then
you stuff them with the cute stuff
that's really cute and then you can make
oh my god okay so we've got our friends
here and we're gonna go to dinner but
meanwhile they're stuck on probably
Pinterest I'm guessing yeah
I already know what I'm getting and oh
yeah
my birthday seemed very certain mix we
thought about it and I cuz I was like
you know it's coming to Danny what do
you know don't tell me I'm going to get
you roller skates actually yeah that'd
be cute actually with some really cute
place hi yeah with some cute hi sound
she's like yeah are you ready to walk
out the door can you get ready to walk
out the door
it's a toilet what Oh craps oh that's
cute and you just get a toilet paper
roll how did you decorate it and then
you decorate and put pins in I'm gonna
save this we're at Olive Garden and we
have lingerie there's a wonderful and we
have a menu over here
and mommy what do you have on the plate
today
your lovely salad and I have my lovely
salad as well and I'm you guys are gonna
see the lovely first buy of my where's
my first bite so good okay
I still afford it
we're tired and we're about to go thanks
they're hiding in a closet because they
know there's only one reason we could be
coming in here and it's to tell them
that it's time to go in here with you no
no you never day sure I saw the bear
stay here forever forever and ever I see
that we're drawing and let's see how
music cool and that's what you say
forever yeah she's just gonna stay
forever and ever forever arey
okay well I think your mom's probably
gonna drag you out just a warning that's
upset Yvonne no she's got keys and a
conversation oh they went to think abou
goodbye actually for like the fifth time
oh yeah relics no we are getting our
nails done I just told them like 30
seconds ago and Haley think she's
getting acrylics I know we're just
getting like paint
it's funny how she actually thinks that
that's not gonna convince a house maybe
some paints how the person to get me
acrylics when I'm gonna tell the person
nope okay so you guys let's do a
question of the day because it is time
to wind down for the night it's time to
take a bath brush your teeth get in PJ's
not put down like you're gonna make your
stop don't do that because that can like
mess the air conditioner up okay who has
a question of the day type a color on
your nails Annie what's a favorite your
favorite shape of acrylic nails mmm I
use them like square but that's I don't
know if that's a thing anymore
oh I mean it's still a thing but I don't
really like square as much anymore I
like I like round like an almond almond
I like almond almond square in that the
coffin time I call it okay so I guess
that could be our question of the day
yeah yeah like a ballet shoe a point the
toe point shoot which whatever that
thing I like almond okay well you guys
can comment down below too cuz maybe
it'll give us some ideas and for Haley
when she's 30 and she can get accra less
not 30 but Annie was not 9 she was not
she was probably 11 which she got lucky
cuz I think that was still a little
young
I said maybe for her 10th birthday I
would let her get him one time but they
can't be long cuz then so then she goes
and gets these press-on nails that are
like way longer than any acrylic out
letter and it looks even worse it
doesn't look bad it just looks like
you've got a nine year old with really
long nails and that's just not
appropriate I don't think that's my
opinion
sorry if you or your mom allows you at 8
or 9 to get acrylics everybody has a
different opinion on what's appropriate
not appropriate but okay anyways enough
of that now all right comment down below
your favorite shape of acrylic nail if
you have never had them what would you
get what do you normally get just
comment there under below your favorite
like look it up online do some research
ok we love you guys we'll see you
tomorrow and have a good night do what
to celebrate
thanks for watching
for tailee
