today I'm Bailey wait was it all right
hi hi are you gonna answer some
questions
you're not who's gonna answer them you
me how about I read them to you you tell
me what you want them to what want to
say back and I'll type it and Piper will
bark and I will eat your ice cream while
you're gone No
Piper you already ate your treat I'm not
gonna eat ice cream all right let's see
you got some work to do young lady
let's see you eat the whole box of ice
cream yeah
I'm trying to find a good one too now
I'm gonna get my own in a second yeah
nothing defeating the camera do you just
get the camera I screamed up oh no I
know how do you know you're gonna get it
all sticky
is mrs. tummy no that's his eyes no
that's eyes you just got off huh huh oh
well those could be his eyebrows but why
does he have two eyebrows I don't know
let me wash that now two eyebrows for
one eye this is his belly ah I can't see
what we're pointing at yeah I guess he
doesn't really have a mouth it Snapfish
my
we're looking at the camera and yeah
anyways this person says lol crying
laughing I was like they're really gonna
play on the car and then your dad said
that I'm crying so hard that I that was
so funny
lol hahaha that was xx hey it's Teresa
xx what do you want to say to her I'm
gonna read what she wrote again what do
I say alright you wanna say hi
H no hi hi hi totally hi totally got it
hmm no he hit post all right what else
let me see if I can button out up let's
see somebody says when is Annie going to
do her a crow and a video can you answer
that yeah well so win now now well kind
of now we just filmed it yesterday right
so we need to type Wednesday it'll be up
Wednesday
can you find that mm-hmm you say when
it's a way no Annie
you know it will be I'm listening go
check it out what video did she do this
week give me what kind of video did we
sell master day what was she doing
yeah but what was what was she doing
Oh bad blink it's agnostic yeah
can you do bad like gymnastic no I just
need your bad leg is your right leg just
like a knees bad leg of her right leg
that ice cream delicious totes delish
wait no it's totes delish
no really feel like it I didn't make it
then who did ice cream maker Breyers oh
my goodness
sorry mister Breyers if that's even your
name you want to give me your nasty ice
cream no so home from school and I'm
doing my homework I have a capillary and
Matt and I'm and today I'm gymnastics
and I'm really excited because I get to
use my grips and while I'm doing my
homework I'm eating some Alya and I'm a
little worried about gymnastics too
Risa's my hips dilatory it still hurts
so I sing it
I'm doing the homework I'm gonna and
then eating the lip some loves on you
but I really do not know what I did I
hit anything but as only master I'm
sitting here on the couch because I
finished my homework and I'm sitting on
the couch and I send my tip and Bown
doing it I'm doing some crazy Lu yep and
I got my imma do that my the Scott
Illume blew my moon my instructions my
my exceptions my little things to hook
them and my rubber bands 600 rubber
bands some gonna make some bracelets and
watch some TVs before I have to leave
for gymnastics
oh poor doesn't go like find its course
of the day and it is what is your
favorite potatoes video of all time mine
probably is I actually got to say the
recent one the ping pong that one ping
pong yeah it's pretty cool so it was a
successful gymnastic my good sir awesome
and so we're home and when i walked in i
something that I have to go get wait
stairs
wait so mommy was looking for everyone
because they were downstairs in the
basement well I was looking in the
kitchen for them and I turned around and
I saw a little figure and then I saw
them go boom it was a big so then I
found out daddy got me yes Daniel a
Russian I am this one in that one so I'm
not gonna do from today I have to go get
in the bath because stimulate your
nightmares school tomorrow
so bye
thanks for watching
Britt Haley
