good morning and happy Sunday to all it
is not morning actually it is oh it is
still morning I thought we were
afternoon
it is a 1144 she doesn't have to do
school she did school that last day on
set and you didn't have time so she made
up did you think I knew we could catch
up on the chicken girls as wrap yeah we
all slept in late we have absolutely
nothing scheduled for today nothing we
may go to the grocery store that might
be the extent of our adventures I mean
something could come up we could make
plans but right now there's nothing
planned it's I think it might be the
first time and maybe like a billion
couple week and now that chicken girls
is wrapped and we're switching over the
music we really don't have much to do
this week except school so we might get
an e in to record her next to rehearse
start rehearsing for another song or
well the pool is probably gonna happen
as long as the weather is still good I
don't know what weather's like but it
has been very well I think the sun's
been I think of 92 last week it was hot
okay so right now Annie's making music
Li's I know y'all are probably so
surprised who knows what she'll post
them but she hasn't been on music please
in awhile and I'm about to do her hair
she did musically makeup like I don't
know Haley I told daddy to check in on
that something's s's you're suspended
because like that you're bad
so we're looking into that I don't know
what happened YouTube kids you can like
lock yourself out and it shows like one
minute I don't know if they're doing
school oh that's cool like a time like
you got accident the button I was like
no parental guideline
it says like walk out but guys you can
watch vert Haley whenever you want I
mean you can stop your homework to watch
bird Haley you can skip school to watch
for Taylor there's no rules here for you
guys watching no just kidding parents
just kidding okay I'm kidding I'm
kidding
alright so that's your almost afternoon
update here in this California apartment
and we'll see what the day brings who
knows we might sit around all day we
might go to the pool we might go to the
grocery store just eating is important
we might make plans with friends I don't
know pizza
we might eat pizza might because I am
getting a little hungry for some lunch
so stay tuned see what happened Haley
and Annie still loves slime we still do
like no we don't eat a nice lime all
right guys
stay tuned for hours later we haven't
done anything well it's not true I
haven't done any anything I've been
sitting on the bed all day
Annie's played in makeup and made some
music Lee how did you burn your tongue
on the dessert that's what it's raw all
right we're going to the pool we're
gonna actually get up and get out and
get some fresh air and
that's too tight your bathing suit off I
know no no no I laid in the bed I've
gotten up a few times but I have mainly
been there but we're gonna go out and
what's wrong
unloose the net I can you can just say
loosen okay oh man you're getting like
analytical in your old age it's not
better and I can tie it alright so we'll
see you down the pool my friends
remember that time you begged me to go
swimming she gets out here and this is
what she does Haley what
oh you think she likes cold I don't know
she's in and look cold to me she looks
pretty cute and goggles though
is it cold I was just telling nanny that
I didn't think it was cold because you
looked so comfortable she said it feels
good when you're in say just got stay in
really any you're like come on let's go
to the pool seriously that's the
conversation we had she asked me like 20
times if I was ready and I'm said I'm
still being lazy I'm still being lazy
I'm still being lazy Haley's in the hot
tub
I made three six musical e's today
I'm just so I'm right I wish I could
vlog on my channel for one day vlog on
your channel
why don't you blog on bratayley for one
day where it's all where you hold the
camera already better man
no but I do it nah okay we I'm always on
the camera repetition but usually I'm
holding it
that doesn't count so they should see it
from your point of view they'll hold up
I just want to do it on my channel too
I don't know if you like a see her face
but she was just like he kind of like a
two-year-old right then she was kind
like no it's not a no but you could do
like a morning routine I guess you could
do a day in the life took a day in the
life that is that are you really not
gonna get in
that's what that was she walked down
here and normally there's no one down
here but normally is on a Sunday she
walked in and she's like I changed my
mind
a lot of private prayer
sorry princess here's insane back to the
other side okay well you're taking your
two-hour daily nap oh my gosh hi Annie
needs a panty backup how many times do I
actually take a nap no not even close
not even close to every week I wish I
could take a nap every day I don't all
right guys we're gonna stay out here a
little longer and then like what I'm
vlogging this is an Evo gang what were
you gonna ask me why am i way oh I don't
know
playing with my hair when I've gone okay
well we'll see you guys in a bit I'm
gonna vlog there like a week well like
okay so I mean I'm not gonna do a daily
vlog those are hard guys
those are hard all I do is hold the
camera and talk sometimes pretty easy
cuz I like talking anyway so we Haley
said hey mommy can you then you hand me
my nose I quote snorkel and she throws
it won't lands right there people so I'm
in a log and for like a week and then
uploaded as one day but like nah daily
vloggers no I mean like we do a weekly a
weekly vlog for one week just to see out
guys and well then maybe we could do
more but I don't know yet because it's
probably not gonna happen because I
already have another vlog but let's do
this things are right now we are
planning out the way the day tomorrow
and the week just I want to do stuff
okay let's do it okay I can't wait bye
so
like sometimes I'm and you're by 10% so
I can't go get it maybe I should go and
run it up to the charger it's on the
target is yeah it is
I think so hoop it all oh I think you
did I don't remember
are you done okay there's my voice for
you guys I haven't talked and so long
because I been doing some school so I
don't have to do it tomorrow but I
probably will end up doing it tomorrow
so madre is doing something not sure
what hailey is doing something and I'm
not sure what but I am doing school with
my mom's headphones well I guess I'm
watching for else so yeah that's what
I'm doing
mommy's doing stuff I'm going to fix
cookies tomorrow yeah I can't wait hey
little girl who was doing school and
then gave up to watch Netflix with us
because it's so loud like I can't even
concentrate well go in what's going on
down here I not notice what you were
doing why are you clipping your toenails
on the couch hailey
oh well did you change your name well
we've been watching too much fuller
house okay so you know just a typical
Sunday night where hailey clips her
nails on the couch and Annie pretends to
do school five out of you know how to do
it all tonight you can do the rest
tomorrow so let's do a question of the
day so we can do some more um sitting
here watching Netflix all night cuz I
feel like I'm gonna fall asleep and then
we're not gonna in the video and not
ending the video makes me sad
yeah when Paige did that that one time
remember I'm like hey can you wrap the
video up I don't even know where I went
and then she didn't oh mast
okay so the question of the day is what
is the product of one or more prime
numbers
what's your favorite subject number is a
whole month later than one yep okay I
was gonna say what's your favorite
Netflix show what's your favorite
Netflix show or alif sani I'm gonna go
with that same thing I don't know any
other serious mr. young is pretty good
though what is that samsung series never
seen is it appropriate you better not be
watching it if it's not it's like Disney
yeah it's just a teacher oh cool all
right guys it's a boy
my first summers I pictured a girl when
you said a 14 year old teacher why is
this blurry come on camera mr. young is
his last name or young is his last name
yeah okay so guys we had a fabulous day
where we didn't go anywhere except the
pool which doesn't count because we
didn't be a prime number
tune in tomorrow because there could be
two days in a row where we're just
awesome at life and we do amazing things
like talk to the camera all day so no
friends yeah friends
Oh shucks bugging you guys okay guys
we'll see you tomorrow comment down
below your favorite Netflix show there's
a couple good ones that I can think of
and I can think of like three or four
letter like hits so we will see you
tomorrow
goodnight always remember to celebrate
life thanks for watching
Britt Haley
