putting on my lotion tie for me hey the
Pipers pull into my camera string
walking flush Oakley
okay so you're good in mining we had a
few minutes to film before we go to
school and so we're in mommy's room just
about to go
we have Piper here trying to bite me
we should get the ball he's gonna fall
huh Piper this is a noxious lehigh bed
figure out it means nothing about you
I'm not mad she just wants to play she's
fighting behind me little girl morning
he's scaring me supplies and he doesn't
want her to fall off the bed good
morning kisses it's morning kisses oh
yeah oh yeah I'll just get you off of
the bed you can coming off the bench
again chew on stuff I don't play
okay I think it's the fan blowing up
your bangs oh let's not bite my covers
Thank You Man
thank you ma'am girl girl troubles Piper
Piper Piper Piper Piper Bella papi vibra
the puppy why are you always attacking
our hand Oh Bobby I'm poppy okay I
mad when she gets sick she's gonna get
left on the bed behind me again Gracie
Piper she's behind me Annie you're such
a little weenie look at this
all right Piper you ready to get down no
you wanna get all the bed oh now I got
one behind me again she's coming down
all right we've got to go to school now
yay morning fun is over it's time to go
learn Piper you get to come stay home
with me and learn how to be a puppy
still I don't quite think you've
mastered it wait ed and um you're plenty
puppy let's learn how to be a grown-up
dog what my auntie's very patriotic this
morning oh that's uh um what is the word
I'm looking for
oh that is a blank of Daddy's face I
cannot think of the word right now
really they paint good dad's face thing
what is that called
very late let's go no I can't think of
it all right comment down below if you
know what word I'm trying to say on my
paper so hey everybody
don't ask all that cool and I am having
me nah please does yoga and a drink last
word and we are watching Java your cake
doughnut strawberry shortcake
what is this one have you seen it can
you go down edenian well I guess so
since you used your manners check on the
puppy Oh for once
you're finally chewing on something that
you're supposed to be chewing on your
stick sound a good stick Koshi you got
the itches
come here come here and I'll help you
scratch it Toshi she's not listening
sorry eccentric I'm I am from and I'm
doing my house here is watching a
monster hi kitty
which one is a li o who should be doing
my light now
Scarah screams she's been watching these
for the last couple days on this page I
am doing I'm trying to find the words
that have like the short a the short e
the short I short o short you and I have
to find them from here and then appear I
was writing and then I've done this if
this is roundin this is rounding you
around all the numbers I can round to 40
there's 35 36 37 38 in that and 40 41 42
4 3 & 4 I'm gonna tease it oh you know
what a good song is to learn your vowels
what it's a Barney song I've ever heard
it it's a the sentences I like to eat
eat eat apples and bananas but to
practice your vowels you have to change
all of those vowels like to all that you
start with the a sound so then you say I
like to ate ate ate ate balls and
banaynays and then you go to the e along
e I like to eat eat eat equals and Bini
knees and then you go - oh I like - OH -
OH - OH
Nana but no knows how many videos I mean
that use I like to you to you to you to
that
hmm oh we forgot I I like to ight ight
ight ight benign eyes mine film and see
how fast I can do it ready as I hear so
and daddy fix dinner
don't over there yeah it is right from
scratch
what gosh yeah saw that one word up
screw shot yeah no yeah so uh so you
even know it's crap from scratch means
wasn't mean you don't know but I didn't
do it from scratch he didn't do this
good no he's from plane from the
airplane anyway so uh you fix asparagus
asparagus berry sauce barbecue sauce
well I agree that asparagus mmm my
garden yeah and I made that barbecue
sauce by hand yeah he made this barbecue
sauce from scratch and teriyaki chicken
and I raised those chickens and I tailed
him and plucked them I cooked them up
and cheese and I braved the cows that I
made the cheese is cheese Oh miss cows
hmm you don't seem in the backyard
mm-hmm birds should probably look harder
birds don't make cheese notes
let's not goat cheese comment down below
if you know your cheese's cold you
singing it forever just because it is a
no so that never ends it goes it goes
hard on my friends some people started
singing it not knowing is not knowing
what it was and now continue look good
to you
anything trick them they'll continue
singing it forever just because this is
the song that never ends
dad you remember God me to stop remember
the what the question today was supposed
to be mommy told you and you Scott
put him on lotion so the question of the
day is um what is one thing that you
dislike from your teacher and what you
like about your teacher and for the
people that are in middle school it's I
could be a different teacher that's a
nominative
oh okay so I like uh just one teacher
this one teacher he he's funny yes okay
okay and this other teacher doesn't talk
he's loud Haley that's one thing you
like about your teacher and one thing
you don't like about and I don't like
cuz we have to do right on names not all
of all cause I like names she makes you
do actual work what kind of teacher
oh my gosh
can't believe that teacher you should
have a conference don't forget to calm
down cuz we wouldn't know the listen
that is what I love you like about your
teacher was one thing the news dislike
about your teacher and after the guys oh
we're damn pipe out no Piper oh okay so
this is our King this is a gift I'll
give him this is our this is our game
contestant okay now this game is called
you got two little people okay well that
was the game and we'll do it every
Thursday Wow okay now now we're going to
try again but no I be doing de leche
videos coming up Saturday it's Saturday
you'll say bye bye
see you guys boo bye can I have two more
chicken I just got back from gymnastics
in the north
Oh so I had the hiccups oh my head up
while I'm doing this story and um I am
showered all ready for bed soon huh
Caleb and Haley are deer after the video
sent out Snyder um the question the day
is what do you what do you like most
about your teacher and what do you like
the least
Oh about your teacher I like most
because she's really funny and she
dresses up and uh and she just dresses
up for no reason it's just like really
funny and I'll oh my gosh all of that
and what I don't like is that she won't
let me write my 7s with a cross and now
is that oh now it's a habit
so don't forget to comment down below
because we weren't good hahaha
don't forget to call me up like a boon
another question today is what do you
like most about your tease you and what
do you like the least good I do makeup
by tomorrow ah baked potato baby thanks
for watching
Britt Taylor
