today I'm bikini so that gives you a
little bit makeup on the camera there
you go look good yeah time for makayley
so today I'm for Kayleigh we are headed
to singing lessons today I am doing
thing and I am doing good girl you could
have guessed that I if that was a
question but I what song do you think
I'm gonna do for singing because I
really like that song and I pretty much
know the whole song but just in case I
got the lyrics and after after singing
we have to boogie on over to get Caleb
but to get Caleb from his school but if
daddy thinks that he can get him then
yeah help so lit mom since I just Scott
since mom just picked me up from school
I should get around me
a snack it's some goldfish in some
flavored water cuz on these days we
don't even have time to go home
mommy will pick well I'm at school mommy
will get all my stuff first and then
come pick me up and we go straight to
guitar or singing
so we just got to guitar so I sent an en
because we were a few minutes late when
I realized that Haley had fallen asleep
on the way here I guess
oh she's kind of awake half awake she I
guess the school days are catching up
with her I'm gonna carry you in I'm Han
buckle you school is wiping her out got
to readjust our schedules we like to
stay up late and sleep in well sleeping
on days that Annie didn't have done a
success summer but Haley just stucked in
the car now she actually has to get up
and function at school that we're
rejecting we're readjusting our schedule
all right come on you're half awake now
unless you were faking that whole time
are you faking Haley you were faking the
whole time when did you wake up what did
you hear me saying what's the first
thing you remember me saying aren't you
a my vagin that's what you heard
all right well come on panda show
everybody this outfit we got the cutest
clothes the other day after we had done
all 12 her she was wearing uniform so
she didn't model any of her in our
fashion show she only model in our
uniforms but we found some cute clothes
for her and Annie after the fashion show
so Annie wasn't show you the outfit that
she's wearing today she wants I'll show
you that later
I bet you I can tell you what your boys
ya know for you
you want
time
no good for you go get something on your
go - whoa whoa whoa are you putting
makeup on you look good
let me see what that is you're putting
blush all over your face blush good on
your cheeks I got these with all over
things
no oh do you want to tell everybody why
you have real makeup why I will make up
cuz I didn't want to do um somebody does
a mich like a Monta hi video with it
Emma and she does
um a monk hide videos dude I didn't want
to do it cuz I've got and I really wanna
go to school
he's be what down I didn't do it okay
here's her story because she's not
explaining it very well we knew we were
gonna do the Monster High tutorial that
Annie was gonna do the Monster High
tutorial with Emma from kittiesmama
right and I thought that Haley was gonna
have to sit still and be quiet while we
did it right so she's faced out right
now hello
hello anyways so we bought her a little
bit of makeup from Target it's the mini
mini from smackers so that she could do
her own makeup well the big girls did
their makeup but it turns out am i
telling the story right it turns out
that instead of doing Oh your makeup
being YouTube and turned out instead of
doing playing with her makeup while we
did the video she went to the pool with
who'd you go to the pool with you don't
remember their names
no I went to the pool with Jonah and
Noah and your dad and I don't know what
his real name is dad hey Morgan
so I that's a nap right give you a
little bit makeup on the camera there
you go okay look good yeah
it looks clean Oh Piper see the plane um
never mind hey Piper hey Piper kill any
snakes today yeah
remember that wasn't today what you got
what you got
today with my third dish and
I didn't wear an outfit that I had in my
fashion show so you may be wondering but
to today mommy Bogota Wow and she didn't
have an outfit zones like I'll just pick
one and I picked this one because I
really like this shirt and I really
really liked it and we had an outfit I
would have picked it but I don't know
what you would do but thumbs up if you
were to put this outfit for my first day
of school if it was on the fashion show
I didn't wear it in the fashion show
because after the fashion show we went
and got it so I didn't have it until
after so
you all playing
I know he'll be talking before Danny you
can't register for even
Oh
do you have to somewhere how get your
cardboard you're going to do it maybe
you're on the floor a candles on it boy
you're getting all your stuff put one
hey too bad
ready set go
seventy-five hypercam balloons too long
hey Piper wins can't use my stuff why do
we were there well belt bells up Ohio is
out okay don't you targets over we
didn't have another question of the day
but I'll keep the kind of night so came
out here and usually when you film
dinner
I love never so the question of the day
is I love know who made up that game
Caleb I guess for in school yes Caleb
what's your answer
thank you no you didn't I got it from
Gabby and Popoff
you've made up most things in this house
I doubt he does even naughty oh and
Piper Piper don't eat food yeah cuz you
shouldn't talk with his mouth full why
you should shoot with his mouth mouth
close that life lesson number what am i
up to now like I'm not even an order oh
I know that 5 million mmm 120 2929 for
business
flip hyper no she hasn't learned how to
not beg you're about to go get locked up
wanna look can you just take my life
lessons into account and not talk with
your mouth full
Piper Piper life lesson number one for
dogs no begging and no that never that
that exactly good example Piper way to
be an example everything and destroy
everything they're talking about you
play that I know is that we got got yeah
I got it wait wait wait below the high
and low is supposed to be for today is
that Piper is being so funny right now
and jumping up and my love is that you
can't jump up on the couch he keeps
trying and failing so happy kick is that
me in Pilot play good day why is
everything about Piper hating it okay
and the low Zeki eat better lo y is
hyper eating you he means that she's
trying as I guess that would be my eyes
but based on baby
thanks for watching
Britt Ailey
