Haley is taking a tough okay we're in
the mirror it's even come on we're doing
school you guys and we're getting so
caught up and I'm not gonna let you look
in that room that's all you get because
it was clean it's Saturday and they're
doing school because I feel like we're
behind it's noon 36 she's doing a math
test you're gonna be finished maybe if I
in like 10 20 minutes 10 or 15 minutes I
say 10 or 15 and she's done for the day
let me keep going
all right and then we are going tonight
to a basketball game with some friends I
don't know what to room she's in
all right who's going tonight
do you know Jaden
Hayden Carson about it Annie what are
you doing and Hailey and a me since when
have you cared you said that last night
too it's different than four million
different than 4 million 999,999 oh just
by one you sound like me huh don't be
like me No
you've makeup on so you slept right in
church do you sleep in your makeup a
long time no I check my nose cuz I
thought I'll make up on you like my mom
Oh at least try to
all right it's just not that counts
there's your noon update with Annie and
Hailey and mommy and the peanut butter
she's peanut butter all right guys um
Annie's almost caught up yeah and Haley
but what's caught that Haley had to
retake her math test and she was not
happy about anything she got like a 50
I'll say it but I think it was because
of two reasons because I'm sitting here
watching and she knows how to do it I
think it's what cuz she was clicking the
wrong buttons oh yeah no no duh no she
had the right answer but their answers
no she had the right answer on paper but
there it's like the difference between
five six eight nine and five eight six
five stop or making silly mistakes which
is wrong like if she just said six minus
three was two huh huh so anyways she's
had to retake it she knows it's
subtraction I'm sitting there watching
or do it and she's gotten every single
no she has gotten every single one right
there's only been one silly mistake so
she's retaking it and she's learning
that if she if she rushes excuse me I'm
speaking like she's learned a valuable
lesson to have to retake a test that
took could retake a test and had to
double her work she made an Afghan out
of her blankie oh my goodness how
exciting all right no stay tuned for yo
guys this is gonna be exciting we're
getting we're getting dressed they have
sent us clothes you'll find out soon
what who the day is so we're getting a
car we're all riding in a car together
we're meeting at Jaden's later so as
soon as we're done with school we're
getting ready to go we're going to a
basketball game
we're sitting in a suite so stay tuned
for some Haley's never been to a
basketball game I've made I've made a
square you have we have two hours before
we have to even start getting ready for
the games a couple hours now it's
another square glad math is working for
you your shapes are amazing I just did
Haley's hair she wanted it straightened
with some girl and so I was like okay
I'm gonna do Annie's hair and I went to
go get a rubber band for Annie's hair
she goes oh my goodness I dare you to go
to the basketball game like that what
was the worst decision Oh Haley's
heating up a snack for them they're
sharing a snack she's not there's no
help for her Oh someone got all the
pepperoni Haley there's plenty of
pepperonis to put back in there sorry
that it did that great no she just said
I turned the camera on and she was in
the middle of the sentence she likes her
hair hair by me
mwah what do y'all think
yay or nay I did two girlies hair yay or
nay yay yay look at these girls and
these curls alright we are ready to walk
out of the door to go to the Clippers
game I just got a new song is my
favorite thing what say the lyrics all
right plus the Justin Bieber perfume you
can't wear a Justin Bieber perfume she
has her own perfume all right my friends
out the door smells good but don't
overdo it
oh and PS I use an e rocks gel on the
top of her hair so my hair was off
Pinterest
we put a bobby pin up there to hold it
in place not to hold it but to give it a
little bit of oomph and we then laid all
the flyaways down with the Annie Joe
mani rock Stella okay just how to throw
that shameless plug in buy some a knee
gel soap deodorant time link in the bio
okay guys we gotta get out of here
Superman Halley ready Oh
show those muscles it just works
different muscles like chin ups and pull
ups chance are harder for man I always
thought pull-ups are harder this way is
harder for me this way it's easier do
the other way that's easier for you a
pull-up
how long have been alright we are here
at Jaden's we're getting ready to head
out be like what are you gonna do we're
having this an old sheet of paper just
wine what the okay it's so cool
we don't don't touch it and put it on
the door on me okay now let's move this
let's move this okay you can do I did it
just press in the middle here wait I
know both of us okay ready one two what
did they do they just pushed up sheet of
gold paper they have no papers and they
put it
yeah I didn't know what was gonna happen
that was me yes I'll give you a million
dollars
lissa word this cool man thingy magic
yeah Wow is my update so we're going to
the kullaberg vs. Suns game right now
there we go my friends oh yeah
all right so we we've arrived where are
we at the Staples Center center get a
picture my friend Hayden's like one
picture per five minutes Haley get in a
little bit get the Pope all right
or not get off your tippy toes when we
arrived we stand around for a solid ten
minutes hey Takashi
oh thanks Carson yeah we stand around
for a good solid 10 minutes before we go
anywhere near the vlog we at the dance
with the dosey doe now we're doing
boomerangs now we're moving up but you
want to be in it made it better actually
hey they getting them in the front and
go like this he missed their picture up
but I think he made it better I know you
can't avoid the cameras Jaden you want a
piggyback ride
but
okay after a million trillion pictures
to mint we are ready to go in
we're finally going to a basketball game
photo shoot the photo shoot
Annie you're kidding right okay so photo
shoots over now we're actually going to
a basketball game pictures dumb dumb but
he's away for a stay here two stairs the
Clippers maybe they trash snack
waters big-screen TV this is locked I'm
assuming that means we shove it in there
this is awesome I got my camera back I
got my camera back yeah they took a
tripod though that's okay that's okay
I'll get it back later
turn around who is it
yes part of the team they had to find
one her size is so cute of course
I dessert table like literally tell me
any Jaden to come open coming I just
told them oh my gosh how can we fit this
in here
oh my yes sure please do right below me
seriously this is probably illegal in
most places what are you guys alright
put those orders and dessert choices
someone said it best dessert done right
right here in this week oh yeah get the
picture Hayden no oil all right let me
see what these girls got
Oh
what I got I got peanut butter you got
chocolate chip Dayton got rice krispies
treat
just say it if he misses two free throws
in a row we get free chick-fil-a
and no free chick-fil-a for us that's
the game my friends so I've got a
question who's your favorite basketball
team NBA I know Lakers and he's like
what just what Jersey where Lakers or
the Clippers okay that's it for me I
have to keep it okay I have the Lakers
in the bone same words all right where
are the Golden State where is San Fran
your favorite basketball team the one
who like yep Oh whoever wins so the
Clippers tonight State Warriors that's
your favorite yeah Wow look how fast it
clears out in here BAM all right guys
I don't know what happen anyway so
that's where the video ends tonight
we're going home we're going to bed
everybody together yeah what we are
going to your house you're right and
then we're getting in our card this cuz
Danny's got to catch up on school I have
homework I need to do - oh my gosh her
homeworks at her house guys thanks for
tuning in we've had a blast here and
we'll see you tomorrow coming down below
your favorite basketball games
meanwhile sure you guys will see you
tomorrow bye bonus footage but we got to
come out here alright let's see what's
going on
okay we'll figure it out all right yes
that wasn't it that wasn't it
yes
you are working on it is amazing good a
shirt thank you
all right bonus footage out okay
okay they've got it they just did it
they did it perfectly
oh they're doing this dance move all
right here we go you guys this is it no
pressure
don't mess up Haley no pressure Carson
everybody's watching all right you got
it you got it Haley
yeah
Oh
apparently we wrap the video up too soon
because there's so much going on still
remember to celebrate thanks for
watching
Vitaliy
