today I'm Kayli Piper no Piper drop it
time for me rise and shine
I already awakened here that's the wrong
way it's this way
rise and shine
very nervous
Natalie like the face of a nervous girl
first day of third grade let's do this
yeah I know you didn't have to get up
very early
she means that during the summer she had
lots of early days for gymnastics and
she didn't have to get up as early today
for school all right
get dressed make me downstairs
Hey so we hide the reason why should be
they lock up the dog because about to go
to the school are you that oh yes one
more step oh you're not going Michaela
all right scoot back let's get the whole
outfit yeah she may be nervous because
it's her first day of school of the year
and all right turn around
oh don't trip over the plastic bag all
right let's see it
turn around you're ready to go nervous
and excited another year we're in the
car and we're about to be there and I
feel excited real nervous but I feel
more excited than nervous but I'm just
like anxious I don't know how to explain
it it's like
my gosh
whole thing and then we can we find a
bargain
oh hey guys were here and high school
I'm gonna walk in with you okay good
okay let's go Haley out the door dobe
dust got in Annie and huncle and she was
a little nervous and a little bit happy
and though ah it's my turn to go to for
not my boss bay doors I not know best
well I was nervous when are we going
when I was dining up remember mmm-hmm
you're a little nervous when you sign
that yeah I was hugging on who you're on
till I was done all this and I do and I
just hang up Oh
are you nervous today no you got this
right oh yeah he doesn't like it cuz
it's so nude Bailey
uncle I think a need a little nervous
because she's never gone to school
without her brother uh yeah they're
going to different schools this year
yeah next year you're gonna go to a nice
cool and yeah and like little old school
the school dad at school right now yeah
that way that's one down here no we're
go to kindergarten there wait Annie
Annie Annie and you'll be in fourth
grade but not on the baby class right
okay guys you see at school today on
what a week um so Piper has to go to the
bench for the first time and she she has
to get some shots and then sir can we
can we check up anything she's really
sad about it stay strong Pfeifer okay
oh no that's my hat that's my guy
okay yeah not plainly guess what this
thing is
yeah so his Piper seal sad she is oh
she's so sad she's trying to bust out of
the car
I'm sick she's trying to hit me okay
okay so yeah the girls are at school and
so up by prismatic and I was also a
drummer I know one day she's gonna be
bigger than UK follow away give him give
her get it she's gonna bite that broom
on the hat that's bugging her
all right we got to go in to get licked
right now YUM chocolate uh tastes like
chocolate yeah I'll let her out let's
not jump out of the car okay stop it you
gotta put your collar and leash on oh
yeah
you jailbait on no she didn't
yeah no oh my gosh cut you're serious oh
you gotta keep that in okay did you like
no she didn't
this area is so serious I got a party
and my dumb
so yeah me so young do you got a dog on
your day doesn't matter dog on my back
sorry I made it sorry AMI so funny
so funny so remove little wait for the
dog to come in mostly that's paperwork
in years mm-hmm they took her teacher in
Ubud long we doing that Piper inner
you're it girl I already miss amici
sleepy internationalizing we do have red
eyes what's that about don't you you're
not gonna like yeah yep good night
cracker
what do you mean what I want to hear all
about it
yes it was you mean II knew Pete friends
and you all you're doing the whole
second grade oh you know everybody
enjoyed so now you know everybody in
third why you look at me like that
well you look at me like I'm not smart
oh you said me that your table did you
know what do you like were you friends
with any of Marty yeah so was it gonna
be a good year
yeah yeah yeah how was it being an only
child at the school yeah okay I want to
talk about being a child at the school
so we're here filming an ocarina video
this week I'm doing a blindfold and then
I'm golden
how are you infinity yeah but I'm you're
not gonna hit me
we're not gonna forget growing crooked
now you're going straight sound like a
good boy Oh Piper don't get kicked don't
go in front of Annie she can't see you
Piper cam hey Piper how are you what are
you sorry for
I will when Annie and I are done trying
to see you Hey all right first of i
enjoying quietly well I have to get the
other camera set up we're not we're not
filming on this one
chata for filming on this one
first up I am doing a car I have to get
ready yes and I have to get ready oh
that wasn't bad I wasn't sure you're
gonna be able to do it
Piper no oh that is disgusting you're
going to wash your hands after this
Annie
before we continue I'm just going to fry
this up I'm already making chicken so go
wash your hands
Oh blind bullet Haley
Andy go wash your hands sugar just
touched it nasty snake huh I don't know
how she caught the snake I thought you
were chewing on a stick she was laying
there while we were filming and Haley
walked over to her let me zip this
before she flies off the trampoline but
she's blindfolded
are you doing
what we took your snake away Piper the
snake killer oh you look really closely
kind of from far away and you look
around hated the song Piper don't bite
she bite you
yeah trying to get your blindfold off Oh
any day yeah Haley Annie needs up are we
still filming yeah we sure are
okay guys so got exciting news but at
the same time it's not that exciting
some of you might not care some of you
would be like oh okay
so this is my last night of middle
school I mean my first night I mean my
this will be my last night of summer you
guys tomorrow I'm going to no school and
so um uh now I want to tell you guys the
outfit that you guys picked out for me
which was my minecraft shirt my vans
pants my blue awesome Osiris shoes high
tops I mean like awesome and uh please
tell me you guys if you think that if
you think that I should change my change
my black places to these blue laces
right now I want you to tell me if I
should in the comments down below and so
uh let's see so thank you all for voting
and um so let's move on to the question
the day I guess uh so uh this is more of
a discussion uh okay since you guys
already know that this is my last night
last day and night too until I go off to
middle school go off like I'm gonna be
staying there forever that's how I just
said it but no I'm not so you guys are
gonna say me but anyways um I need you
to give me your bestest your best advice
for middle school so I don't get bullied
I don't get bad grades I just survive
middle school so um
comment down below that and which places
I should use these black ones ugh boom
once I just show you earlier and please
do that and I would be so pleased if you
did and so that's the end of my story so
now I'm gonna do with you I'm gonna walk
out of this loop
no my turn the camera off so let me see
you back it just gonna be there in my
last spot you know my gosh you're back
you're back you guys say bye to in the
comments down below because I just want
you guys to keep the 5,000 comments
could we do that I think we can do that
let's see what 5,000 comments that
circle I know we probably got more
pernicious the 5,000 got me okay
5,000 comments just 5,000 saying caleb
is in this most emotional better say
that caleb is the most awesome youtuber
and I mean not the into the Caleb is the
most awesome kid on potato
you better all okay thank you ah
baked potato babe I
thanks for watching
Britt Ailey
