today I'm bakalyan and your pairs are
all that's like what got a jug are you
watching time for Mike Amy I am the only
child today because Annie is at
gymnastics um Haley's at school and I'm
at home with my mom and dad and so
because I'm usually never just with my
mom and dad it's usually a full house or
someone isn't here like my mom went
somewhere my dad went somewhere and I'm
just here with my mom you know that's up
and so um and also today is a very
special day because um because I have my
school orientation today my middle
school night middle school orientation
and I so I'm going to be going to my
school and getting my long schedule and
then sing my school walking through it
and then yeah cetera so moldy chair and
so that's it okay so we're trying to
teach Piper how to jump up on the couch
she almost has it but not yet and we're
trying to speak this all right ready
Piper so bad
alright ready ready oh hey I'm ready go
oh it's good dry okay let's try again
you almost made it
wait wait wait go oh you jumped way too
far back that time all right Randy Piper
go we're go
cheaters long eat it Toshi's like it's
not that hard
hey whatever mommy pulls you alright
Piper you gotta try it again
come on he didn't make it go ever go no
the good dry got a good shot okay so I
just got done my orientation and um um I
didn't get my schedule and I was there
for an hour and a half and that's really
what I was just waiting for I don't get
what kind of junk that is because no no
I'm not gonna suppose I'm not gonna know
what I'm supposed to go on the first day
of school I'm gonna get lost and then
just let the teachers are gonna come and
we're supposed to go you'll avoid like
yeah it could be worse you should be you
could be watching this video right now
wearing headphones so yes I even out of
wearing headphones
it could be worse you could be watching
this video right now and being like why
am I watching this video right now and
it little boy just flipped out and your
pants are off it's like what kind of
junk are you watching
exactly it's like those days
all right then I'm sorry yeah goodbye
yeah this is the end of this year - hey
where's your sister
there's mr. mica right now we left your
metal skull favorite Oh where's your
favorite sister
yeah we left her at the girls which
one's your favorite sister uh Annie oh
you just said that cuz Andy's not here
and you want to see what Haley would say
and then look like Haley even cares yeah
you know portable oh you don't care look
I really don't like you all right so I
flunk out again oh no flipping a joke
cuz I gotta be you knew it the word of
the day is junk
the only time you can use it in the
right context not just randomly saying
junk like that doesn't count
oh well that's just junk
there you go ho that's one okay so um
we're gonna see so Annie was decided to
sleep over at Olivia's house so Rickon
we're gonna do some night triple leaning
pretty sure his bassinet Olympics
brillar
yeah we're gonna win she's gonna let
your light night okay everybody take
their light nights out oh I'll bring the
flashlight I have mine you bring the
nightlight dog you bring the nightlight
me hi Kyle Ann and I will bring the
class if you go down the steps the big
light will go off when it sees you don't
drop the dog down the stairs that would
be bad whoa oh it's kind of spooky out
here
well there goes again there's the light
I will good night
the grass is all wet because it rained a
little earlier how do you think Piper
feel me
you're all being all loud and scared
you wanna go jump on the trampoline
let's go night trampolining is that what
you called it Caleb yeah the Olympic
sport yeah ring ring yeah legend that
every night uh wolves come out
so right I'm gonna try to scare me
does she know about the legend that you
just made up yeah she does
Oh swingin night party okay good luck
Hey Wow we didn't know you knew how to
get yourself started swinging don't kick
my bird Oh No you okay you're not asleep
you can't dream you're not dreaming no I
can you aim when when I'm awake
that's not possible that's called a
daydream but it's really not the same
thing yeah you're gonna give her
nightmares how not mean that they're
gonna know I'm knocking Caleb nightmares
I know she's sleeping with you tonight
old house
what wolf that look in our house was it
a dream you had about a wolf my doing
right now you're thinking about it right
now every tell me we are how you you
need to run somewhere safe okay
and now maybe somebody
yeah someone's coming at us
Oh something's going on with Caleb I
think he's having a seizure okay are you
have a strobe going what is it what are
what what about a water
the wolf's attacking you gala night of
the big battle mommy I need that one
what's up on a sign wait wait you're
telling a ghost story or sale and the
wolves love to eat little girl so Haley
screamed because our brother scared her
so the woods came now and talked to
Haley and they said doesn't like your
story I don't have a story let's hear
your story what is it what dang cam got
scary head goes up I'll do human eyes in
jail and know what combat named Cana is
big and he's hungry and he ain't Caleb
where Caleb 800 do that you do that
mommy she's just seeing if you taste
good before she hit somebody show me one
night Oh another one okay last one
before we do the question of the day why
and hold on one night in the dark
Molly was coming in and red tail on then
she was going them with me and over
there and she is here there and I'm a
big thanks big big and a type of stairs
hi Oh run but Rocky's run Piper you
think so
today this day is dumping often can you
long live to see the microphone because
it is do you even have a question today
okay let me talk about that stop first
thing get one know she loves you - talk
for a little while so I can stall so you
can stall what about not knowing with
the Christian today while you think it
was way yes sue my story is back wide
Piper is such a dog no sup okay most
people are just like why in fiber such a
dog and I'd like because she was born
that way you're like how in a dog born
like I dog and like the same reason
person is born like numbers is just
enough I like a look about their
corrected hello everybody I am Haley
doesn't have to collect enough good day
I'm gonna ding your blood okay let's
hear it
hi all right why not
okay hi max crying me alone does he know
we got strawberry
hypertonic oh my gosh
scoot it up Lane okay nice Toby yellow
my nut is um vanilla but party garlic
it's comedy week is coming I can't fail
um why did the duck cross the room to
get to the ugly witch's house you okay
okay okay okay to the other side No
mommy you chef okay anyway so okay let's
do it again okay stop okay so why did
the chicken cross her jaw she was going
ugly which was I supposed to say my line
again oh sorry
um ticket to the other side no to get to
the ugly witch's house and so uh knock
knock who's there
the chicken a chicken you are you so
funny she came in a little rude cheek
but mainly funny she doesn't get her ha
ha ha hey the chicken crossed the road
to get to the ugly witch's house and
then the chicken knocked on your door
and said and you said who is it I said
the chicken the chicken went to the ugly
witch's house which would be you because
you answered the door oh now I get it
do you really yes don't forget to
comment down below because we want to
know what's in the neck in what did you
favorite ice cream ok Laura it's comedy
we cured communism
ok knock knock who's there
witch with whom rich you you right which
you eat let's do it ok and on that note
oh no one's there warn't no one's there
good night orange goodbye orange glad I
said goodbye I am no one's here yeah no
one's here hey guy lumps
you add the poo cuz you always add you
guys gonna sleep oh we're all sleeping
in your bed really with our eyes closed
you guys are wondering what's going on
is we are getting a new bed tomorrow
because of Daddy's head right there
that's why we need a new bed yeah that
was his big old head he leaned on it
and here it is
parts of wow you don't get away from me
I get away from you or you torture her
yeah heavy falling braces not bracelet
she's quoting a beard it was hurting him
that one had braces and it had his arm
and the okay never oh she just knocked
her vide oh now he's mad you did it
Caleb
oh yeah her date is okay
she's got something hey you're such a
thief
oh you can't find it cuz she took it
from him you know um don't spin that all
in one place okay how much is it penny
didn't time I like $20 congratulations
no I'm not kidding me either
congratulations okay either baked potato
baby
thanks for watching
Britt Ailey
