today I'm Batali when someone tells you
you're cute what do you say time for
what cami hey guys so today I just got
back from your masters and I'm trying to
enjoy my few days left of suck
I assume really excited news of of
gymnastics my coach says that I can get
some grapes go through these things I
hope that make sure you don't get rips
cuz it's starting to do more gripping
the bar and all these more bigger skills
on bar so it's gonna make me a lot more
so grips of this thing to protect your
hands photography you where my hands in
they're also supposed to help you grip
the bar but that's like a culprit and
throwing some instructions because we're
going to order them the directions have
said that we need to chase my hand and
photocopy it which were just about to go
in do so we've already changed it let's
go photocopy it I think we're just gonna
try to do a copy so stick your hand in
there okay alright up a little great day
yep ready we have no idea this is gonna
work and the printer on hit copy
let's try color and hold still I'm
trippin again
I don't know if this is gonna work but I
guess we'll try since they wanted it
here what is that that's your hand why
is it red
oh it works you can see your head it
worked
Wow but you can't see oh we got your
fingers off guess we should probably
redo it
yeah so we're going to finish this up um
and we're just after that they're just
about to go and do a back my back to
school haircut yeah I'm getting it
friend maybe Laird yeah beginning now
you mean before yeah yeah hello what are
you doing fancy pants
easy dress yourself again today oh we
filming each other this is the broken
camera show him the half of the button
our red record button fell off it did
that to our last camera but I need to
order another one of those cuz I really
do prefer the flip and not this Samsung
oh yeah ooh I like that how it flips out
I'm sorry Samsung make good TVs what
happened your hands
sooo I think someone's excited about our
haircut I don't hear that she realism
says I got long lives and it looks a
much healthier and we photocopy my hands
here is my right hand
yeah we were confused cuz the it looks
like this is her right again and this is
her left hand and as a we had the
picture how the scanner was doing this
this rip is on my I thought this
surplice it was confused like that hand
what that this yeah yeah you got to
pretend like you're light laying like
this like that see that's that hand
right right
I just confuse myself again the dumb no
it's hanging down okay I know I just I
totally just confused myself and
whatever let's just not even talk about
it yeah let's do mail that's a great
idea since we've gotten really bad about
doing mail vlogs we've pretty much
stopped doing the argument yeah I mean
are we the whole point of doing now the
mail but people are still sending us
mail and that's okay entertaining my
name is Mackenzie and I have subscribed
see your first video Wow Mia Shanna whoa
so everybody else got sidetracked while
I'm still here opening mail and I found
this a really cool card and it has a
Haley's name on it it's from Radley from
Australia
so thank you very much Radley Haley will
love it she was here right now I bet you
she would be screaming so I'll tell you
I'll tell her about it
so I'm opening meal right now and Piper
was just licking my flight it was
disgusting so once again Thank You
Bradley what the card says is it says
you're 5 mm I'm gonna stack your five
Haley hope Haley hope you have a good
super day
then it says dear Haley happy first
birthday hope you have a great day from
Bradley in Australia the biggest fan of
potato so once again thank you so much I
got this
she got it by a tooth gotcha you what
I'm finding that you need to think like
like the little cat thing I see me take
space
daddy huh she chases it with a cat like
a cat daddy me make a change it like oh
this is a good exit is life just like a
kitty cat it's catchy the kitty cat oh
did your back legs up there oh oh oh oh
okay guys I really hope you guys are
enjoying our new uploading schedule even
trying to upload our videos on at 6
o'clock so we can actually calm it - you
could run away it's not like it 11
o'clock at night
we're already asleep and right now we
just wait how do I run it we just saw a
video which is it for today just
uploaded it up lotin great is to say
that way if Haley is back to school and
alright so anyways added up to go and
respond to some of your
let's go how do we work this what is
Piper getting into you click on the
video what are you doing puppy Piper
what are you doing the back to school
when Piper but you just knock down come
on let's go leave some comments on
videos come on dinner's ready - almost
now you don't know how that you can just
mute it alright let's go see what some
of the comments say okay go to the very
first one so show more and you'll click
show more and someone said first oh two
people said first fish what would you
say to somebody who got the first
comment right what would you respond to
for someone saying I got the first
comment they're excited because I got
the first comment what would you say
wait I'm enjoying it alright you try it
no just do it yourself your way they'll
like it
oops what a bigger yeah okay that has
felt congratulations
there you go okay
rather than hit post Wow
Oh congratulations yay all right now go
up to another one that you want to talk
about or talk to go get dinner Hornburg
what telling me that was nobody's that
Oh their dog picture Elena
hora Lina
she's kind of camera I was watching the
clock to see this video look at her
outfit for real high heels Annie's old
high heels and a dress what are you
doing what's up
take a pictures I didn't get well the
battery's dead so good luck - why do it
but you're magic now aren't you remember
you've changed your clothes really quick
yeah you did all right okay Oh what are
you doing um what are you doing do you
think that's being a very good example
for some little um three-year-old
watching your videos or even some
eight-year-olds over there hmm
teaching kids play with Dirk dinner oh
and drop their food in their laps well
if you're gonna do it do it right put it
all ten fingers you should give her a
shout-out why cuz it says cool can I can
have a shout-out I never got one
and it's my birthday so it's your
birthday so let's give her one
it means Sarah her name's Sarah yeah
their last name that's probably smart
okay happy birthday Sarah yeah just yeah
Oh actually and actually eat some of
your other dinner - no don't spit back
in the box it's not a box but you know
what I mean the container
person it says Haley so cute
well if you say that what would you say
when someone tells you you're cute what
do you say oh how about thank you just
plain yeah thank you you gotta sign it
from her yeah I'm gonna go get Caleb
because you should have it sure hey
Caleb
you swing in with your imaginary friends
I was coming out here and tell you
dinner was ready and I see you hanging
out with some swings sure swing with
your imaginary friends yeah Caleb might
want some Barry otoshi want some berries
come eat dinner time busted busted what
are you doing with my broom I think
you're just trying to help you some
chores that's all Piper was sweeping Oh
vibra day and high right now I'm in bed
well I'm right now we're wrapping up the
video because I've a really long day
tomorrow
gymnastics really early morning so I've
to get to sleep and right now I'm gonna
tell you my answer of the question of
the day the question of the day is we
found it on one of our comments on a
video and Sammy told us to do a question
of the day and it was what is your least
favorite chore Thank You Sammy my least
favorite is Torah is probably gonna be
putting laundry away
I don't mind folding laundry but
I just really don't like puttin laundry
away cuz you to walk down and up the
stairs just to do it and yeah so moving
on to Caleb or here they will ever get
to camera first
my least favorite chore is probably I
gotta say taking out the trash because
it could either be really heavy really
stinky and those are my two reasons if
we were asking why anyways let's move on
to Haley or whoever hasn't done it I
don't like cleaning my room don't forget
to call it down below is we wanna know
what the question of the day question of
the bed what choice do you hate me
goodnight sleep tight and let all the
bedbugs bite this one and this one and
this one and that one okay let them all
bite Wow did they bite you all right I
love you good night laughing - did my
blankie up there please why do you need
that one where's your other one got it
for you huh hey all right here's your
light turn and this one goes off ready
good night ahh baked potato babe
thanks for watching great Ailee
