today I'm bratayley I did good action
you are Oh time for look Amy hey
everybody so right now we just spoke up
and we're having whatever mommy likes to
call it a fun planning party and right
now Kaitlyn's at Luke's house because
Luke and his dad Caleb are going to look
to watch some little league baseball and
we're at home having a cleaning party
but we're trying trying to make it fun
and we're listening to music so ah and
after mommy so that we could pick out a
toy cause we're going shopping and if
you can hear they're listening to music
I had said that but pretty fun right now
I'm just going around the house and
thank you hills and if you see paper
floor is all new puppy know give me one
so anyways once we're done with the
cleaning party mommy said we could go to
grocery store and spend some of our
allowance
uh-oh don't you got the guys dish when
you chew toys you're bad Janice hyper
it's not playtime it's clean time
cleaning Piper's got your own
all right guys I suppose I should help
them to make us go a little bit faster
so everything I can pull this town
that's not much cleaning I did Piper
don't chew on shoes for heel okay don't
stand on the clean towel thank you yeah
they're nicely done so here we are
turn toy section looking for toys
suspender I want oh you need to make a
monster high no oh that's cool
why
get Google to create peel-off stickers
make a world on your wall window in one
heard his mom took the one you guys just
did huh but I don't get it I of this one
I have this one that one roars Abby and
I do the end we got one I do
Maddie her except you don't know their
names
this was Jack Draculaura
he has beach yeah she has a freckles
okay
Oh laughter named Lagoona Lagoona
Lagoona Blue
we aren't very good with these monsters
are we if that's what you want to spend
your money on okay Hayley what are you
picking yeah no I want to go to another
aisle
to make them wait I know you get to make
the leg
just something
I'm gonna go on a different aisle with
you are
it's rants my kid over sorry I shouldn't
be allowed to film and push a buggy at
the same time wow there's all kinds of
stuff oh thanks for real friends aren't
talking to you it was cute monkey I like
the monkey look at the girl nerf guns
hmm ah just for girls
then let the Nerf dart what now you've
got decisions to make that's pretty cool
Oh too hip girl goggles I shall be any
boy called nerf rebelle don't kill me
each and they have a bigger one look at
the big gigantic one the Guardian
crossbow what do you think Haley it's a
no vote from Haley she haven't want it
yeah that's cool
you got to make a decision go gadget
whoa what have you it's a zebra standing
up oh there's buttons
this one should I guess Oh ee the zebra
believer has there my faves club aside
little prom
what's the other one thing Oh party
rocks
I don't know anybody so it's the end of
the day here we start school tomorrow
but she only goes for an hour on the
first day so and it was Caleb stole on
his with a little mini perp with Luke
and right now we are sitting Haley's
room and since we said that we beat
today we did some chores and then we
went to the grocery store to spend our
allowance on it yeah and I got a jello
how does it gel gel Archangel RT its gel
RT thing it says it right here
the Knicks gel or it cuz it's gel art
and then I don't know how to add a tea
maybe just sounded oh it better gel art
dealer tea sounds weird and then what
you do is these little stickers that you
put on your wall or put on your window
and they can peel off out peeling the
paint off and you get to color them with
any of these and then you can do it with
3d but I didn't do it on me because I
want to do it on the tram I made your
little butterfly right there so but it
takes a while for it to dry so yeah then
Haley touch to tell them what you got
ah Renison de la oh la dee dee la dee
dee oh la dee da it's a lot e Dom her
Nina is where is it Oh
tiny tiny
clings tightly and she is a snow queen
Ilkley yes I mean some of the tours that
we did is we folded towels we emptied
the dishwasher we cleaned our rooms
we've cleaned the bathroom we just
picked up out we just get run around
half the day and stuff up so question of
the day is gonna do what chores do you
have to do Oh baby I wanna open it I
wanna open it oh yeah oh yeah I wanna
open it so so let's have a little
chitchat about what time we get our
videos uploaded mommy up mommy uploads
our videos really late because that's
what time she gets done editing so as
you can see this video is very late
because what we're gonna start doing is
uploading at an earlier time so this
would have to be late so we can get our
news gets ruined yeah cuz I'm Riley
doesn't want you to be staying up late
just to watch our videos to see which
ones new and we don't want you saying it
like a plate because it's school night
and the school starting all of that
drama and then your mom's like now got
it bad and then your is like no I have
to wait and did your mom's just like a
good accurate you are Oh what so we hope
by uploading the videos earlier that you
guys that stay up later just to watch
our videos you don't have to do that
something like that something like that
and other news
so today reciting school tomorrow
we saw all of you guys voted on costume
what is it called uniform uniform all
right
so soon pay you starting school tomorrow
I'm here that fashion show you guys
voted won the uniform number four well I
can be upside way version they won't
know what turn around but you can lay it
you can pop this bad boy down like that
and now turn it to us that's cool yeah
you done with this gonna happen
she's wearing her white polo shirt I
could guessed that she was gonna wear
white polish it she's wearing her blue
blue navy ish color navy blue skirt or
squirt never Tim okay and she taught to
wear and she's wearing her toms with her
hi didn't know that those are the
knee-highs when I go to the regular
socks thank you for building I don't
know what else to beg and Mike lumps
already cool continue Annie gosh anyone
awesome what you say and awesome Oh what
and hey only not awesome but it's
awesome awesome okay so you can continue
routing for me Caleb's Caleb's shirt
thing to our baggage you can continue
voting for me and Carol two outfits on
our back to school video so by tomorrow
don't get to come on down Oh
good day mr. the question of the day and
again it's cars do you do wrong aah
Bay Bay
thanks for watching
Britt a Lee
