today I'm Kaylee I don't know she's
begging for food oh she got it
and then you very plate so we're at home
right now and we're just getting the
Piper used to our house and we're about
to go to Caleb thank you make a cozy
ballgame camping she loves it yeah I
think you're gonna play like yeah but
the crazy play plays around here welcome
to the nuthouse paper so much going on
around her oh she yeah we would love you
that much of you play like wait we do
love you that much turkey meat week -
you don't love her
mmm lovers differently because she got
you dude Oh check it out oh she got the
body so silent to the water oh oh yeah
oh yeah hey don't pull Oh can't pull
real hard cuz I'll pull her a little
teeth out okay look really to me did you
like the puppy Toshi
do you like the puppy hmm thank you for
so old are you tick finish every time
you put the camera shows if it or like
that mmm good puppy
- yeah wipe it off oh yeah let me see
how it like I don't look bad you can't
see it against the wall - cleaned it
worse oh yeah so we're talking kilos
checking baseball tryouts and spicy
brown paper paper Gary second guy hey
Dad I got Bay you
just meal my WIPs
I miss the puppy kisses and I guess they
give you permission to try this at home
I want to see you walk when you're done
okay all right let's see it keep going
keep going
what are they doing Piper oh hi oh you
wanna spin Baker that's a walk hey
thanks couch she's not oh yeah she can
yeah cool turn uh-huh does she shed some
shorter not too bad
well short-haired dogs can still shed
but she doesn't wash em too bad okay I
thought it loves you had to make this
dog throw up that's gonna be great oh
I'm just kidding
good good just do it slowly yeah
don't let her jump off yeah why
My Mind's can get sick when we say what
high/low is how much will touch up which
I could jump with as much which if watch
I could check with for which I already
messed up those guys get as much wood as
a woodchuck could chuck wood chuck could
chuck wood
whoa Wow hey my peach tree Lupita ooh
Haley needs more pizza oh so right now
we are eating and it is time for
questions it it's very easy we do it a
lot and it's gonna be a high-low you
don't know what I love is it your high
of the day and your low / - I wonder how
happiest moments of the day and low your
low means you're fast we're going first
I don't know my son Susie it won't give
you some time to think about it she just
said she doesn't know her tennis as far
as going first something your saddest
what's the part of the day you didn't
see me oh it's not your turn okay your
turn is that what is that the ring -
puffy every manner Chucky just the puppy
in general speaking of puppy running
around in my low is because um at night
King a puppy which mining
turn to our guests um my highlight of
the day was me was meeting the puppy and
Milo was when I lost a we baseball game
to my brother
oh no it's hard to lose your brother
take a look really easy played the game
before mommy
slow but we ain't it's hard to you but
you to him ok ok alright chill 908 whoa
she's Parkins oh she's barking and
growling at Uchee they're excited that
the dog barks because Toshi does not
bark ever they're playing so I don't
know connect playing no she's begging
for food Oh whack the puppy or the big
guy yes you guys this is the barking
you're gonna get annoyed without some
shame just owning I know I wouldn't been
styled by a dog by a dog who doesn't
even bark total space that's near your
face looks weird alright sorry Hayley we
had cute puppy moment you're high and
you're low using a rack hi my high is
that I got some dude in me
Oh under low and I allow is not a toy
when you left it on the floor she thinks
at the toy
get out true alright you're low I don't
got a new da that's your low that makes
you sad you're confused listening what
what made you sad today
what happened did anything happen to
make you sad I know one you smacked your
sister and had to go to timeout yes you
did
yeah you good smack her okay you're
making stuff up now I'm high low she's
sad because she's not enough to her
brother okay what's yours though my high
is that we have a doctor can bark Milo
is I know it's gonna get annoying
hey watch a baked potato baby
thanks for watching
Britt Ailey
