today I'm Bailey sorry headphone users
day we are going to get the puppy and we
aren't chat okay we're ten minutes away
from the place a we're like so close and
then we got stuck in traffic and now I'm
sad
and wear your seatbelt correctly throw
one to get my puppy dog it's not yours
it's mine
yeah you're right fine fine it's all of
you ours but the puppies gonna light be
the best no no probably won't even know
you guys exist looking on like no this
what you're just doing like this is what
you did to lynx-o and he loved million
love mommy already has dawn yeah and she
loves me the most to Yankee what was
funny you don't even remember what
you're laughing about
sounds like you yeah oh now I got this
much but folks here's never bro oh I
played it for five seconds okay look
it's dirty miniature I'm holding it on
the way home I just isn't a system you
have a towel because um when miss Paula
and Sidney brought t-bone
you got a little carsick so just in case
we brought a towel engaged man I'm gonna
go up in the top and she we hope not
we hope she doesn't throw a ball much
you guys want to start do you want to
announce her name so we can start
calling her by her name
yeah okay so I stopped screaming yeah
you dog so we doesn't mean actually I
picked it and everybody decided on it -
it was either paper or Harper can't look
at hate it chaotic Harper but I got five
everybody agreed on paper thank you for
all your exhibit thank you for all your
suggestions and you're gonna like don't
miss your lighter what I couldn't hear
you over the navigator and Caleb's gonna
let it all the explore explore you're a
piper hi gotta learn your name Oh little
- do you look at it here I love the
little ears at though yeah yes sir
you're going for your first adventure
with us what baseball tryouts
yeah I think you'll like it
we're gonna initiate you right away you
get to go to baseball with us and
but what I think is really cool is that
because on your pole is this triple then
ask the boss off but um this Paul hands
a little birthmark on it but the abs
tight this bowl is little birthmark on
it on her Paul is pink her Paul is pink
and one little one little paw a one
little dumb whatever they call it on the
little finger on the paw has little dot
of laughs I think she likes it right
there okay she's doing with her she does
she looks around like this when we it
shirt look at the paws on that thing
oh my goodness are you gonna be big
she's gonna be that's why we're caring
me so much we're gonna carry you all we
can
I'll carry you when you're big in sixty
pounds
I carry you all the time I'm Harry just
sort of fly in the car get used to it
Viper just let me you just kissed me on
I think she's trying to look out the
window don't worry you'll be able to
when you're bigger I don't see our door
it doesn't feel like it's our now my
group huh it's like bukkake sitting yeah
but when she pees on the floor for the
first time you'll feel like it's your
dog you have to close it up when she
christens the house she will not
Christmas okay see the proper looking
thing that look how she's sitting oh you
got Hailey's curls then dance it's like
that like you
toko she edge but I might question
Oh time she probably won't pay much
attention to toe she's so laid-back like
a new friend
Hey
the making you tired to tables involved
well and I'm aware Harry just wants to
do it
the trade-off
where
a car full of sleepy kids the way it's a
car full of sleepy puppies hey okay no
one say
like she's doing Toshi you guys wore
that precious puppy out yeah and the
other puppy that you liked that you
wanted to take home didn't have any
white honors easy that's why I wanted a
puppy with white she's used to us it
could already used to it well used to me
Kate yeah she does like I think he likes
Caleb and Annie and Haley Mile make a
right turn
I think she like - are you really biting
my shirt maybe
please don't drool on me what's a dog it
may Haley get off Haley wanted to be
your little puppy dog
this is hybrids first day of being
around people and not at that house
she hasn't been anywhere but that house
but now she went to baseline now she's
been Bella's house Roman mother yes
Bella's been oh yeah and she's having
not a friend
what are you talking about hey Piper
look at the water is a castle you want
to go see the castle can you make it
down that big step I was saying her
voice I'm looking I don't know what
hyper voice yet I don't have a piper
voice if say something in a voice how
about my voice hello Piper are you
eating this and you don't need to send
Ellie she's heavily sniffing it ain't it
whose first time is this in the sand
yours or mine Piper the water I don't
want to fall in no no you have to wash
it well I got her I got her I got her
you you're right is a beautiful view
Haley oh don't fall down at all
good girl okay guys no don't step
alright let's go back up Piper don't
fall come on Piper come on Piper if we
all go hang on paper wait if we all goes
into
as she walked off come on Piper I don't
think anyone loves you Piper baked
potato baked
thanks for watching
Britt Ailey
