but wait would you say what you pay me
to do Oh
Justin Bieber Justin Bieber yesterday's
news who do you like now no not one
direction either who's the new the new
things but not those two
yes I do see you know he's hard to see
out here
this game's gonna start soon it's cute
my good luck don't mess up okay
one bowling
good try
and now he's pitching
you get a new hairstyle while you were
gone the flukes game going up a did
Sydney do your hair let me see
turn around he'll the way basis but
there she go
remember to hang out with me now what's
your first thing
sure do your team
okay her pants are very good don't get
your pants dirty the how many cartwheels
you can do in a row
all right you let me know when you're
ready okay I didn't think so
I know I thought of anything - Danny was
said the BAM the other day somebody
asked her where she got that she got
Sidney those are the most Awkward
jumping jacks I've ever seen in my
industry they don't even resemble
dumping guys anymore
the first one that looked okay 100 so 30
then okay but wait would you say what
you pay me to do
really gotten better she'd get that foot
behind her and into the lunge she'd have
it well you know and straighten her legs
but now I'm just getting see she steps
up that foot goes behind you that's the
wrong foot there yeah and her lunge did
you see her lunge it was back with her
front leg was straight and said of her
back leg
those better house better do the lefty
bat with it to the lefty like Annie are
you laughter all righty lefty Oh guys
that was like my sister she writes with
her right hand but she's the left hand
domestics I'm a righty righty
oh that was better
okay now if I was a handstand
oh you're doing for Carmel she started
over she said try to do them with
straight straight legs now do one
handstand
yep just one all the way up and come
down with one foot not two feet she
usually comes out with two feet up a
handstand forward roll playing Tector
now I don't think we can see them very
well
alright there's not that many innings in
a game is there but you guys only played
six innings all right we'll go be your
coach and tell this runner what the dude
will leave out this age group is 11 and
12 and you oh I was talking to the
camera I was telling them that 11 in 12
year olds and those 12 year olds are
towering over you that first baseman's
away power over there think you think
these hops to be in the first base code
now
a ball
I said foul ball you're not the UMP
though
and I think that a little shaky but at
least I got him making a play I think
you heard me talk to I'll play the first
Oh nailed that one that's not coming to
verse
try
so this year Caleb age group can lead
off and steal last year they couldn't
leave the base I don't think I could see
him on here
no he's too fast I'm gonna go I'm gonna
go film them over there let me see if I
can get a good shot of him he's over in
the grass see if I can take a better
angle on him oh he's too cute I don't
think I'm gonna be able to get close
enough so you guys can see him
oh he's so cute maybe I can zoom in when
I'm editing oh there he goes
read along little bunny just kidding I'm
just gonna talk about what we got for
the pup of the dog I'm gonna do the
search and then we did all the boys we
got some biscuits retreats for her so
they might mommy and me might fit shake
lay down roll over stay drop the toy
drop it girl
pick it up Toya you can give her a puppy
treat we get all the toys out this is
some of this stuff that we bought the
other day okay it's almost 30 so I got
this Poppy's Kentuck that's better hey
we got this
Oh cure self no we got this one for now
we may get one of those retractable ones
later that's a bad dog bad lucky
I hope this one has a job and this one
killer picked out his little ball won't
last long Wow and then we have a travel
a very easily trackable and good flat
you just push it all the way out that
and then you just set it down and then
have a travel bowl traveling either way
but those are dirty you don't put those
in your mouth
Toshi's actually had those in her mouth
these are at least still clean until
tomorrow go puppy take it back to really
release so what's the day oh yeah
so the wiser on today is who is your
hero and why other person now Haley's
going first inside and CEO Pugh at why I
only copies a lot so Haley's gonna go
first
Lavagirl your hero why so my god Baba
your minds daddy does he's in the knave
and I feel protected well I miss mommy
and daddy because I couldn't live
without them meaning they weren't
because I wouldn't have any better feed
me whenever would I buy me clothes and
when you have a drinks we'd have really
anything you could have done that ain't
have any money so I think I've done any
of those things by myself so that's why
they're my hero and what do you want
bottles come on boys in your mother's
remember the question of the day is who
is you here who is your papi papi papi
hey babe thanks for watching Britt
Taylor
