we are very excited to have another
special guest they suggested the bean
boozled challenge challenge the bean
boozled challenge is it isn't really
centipede so at auction here but you
didn't get to eat
there's who jelly bean I look like one
that it one's good you can choose
between that put it in your mouth if
it's bad and you spit it out unless you
can try
Oh Scott slave and licorice on same
insult raping and top banana rotten egg
and butter and buttered popcorn on the
same way okay and be a balloon back we
the same are the same not me and the dog
food and chocolate pudding all in the
same bar bar and artisan cheese and
caramel corn yes coconut and strawberry
share okay right yeah I know it's not a
good one like too bad Halloween not do
why eunjin it's not good we're both good
and Haley and Haley says she's not
participating because she's doing black
the black is either skunk spray or
licorice don't say sorry
don't say sorry me is gigabyte of half
sure just chill
we are going to do said to be our
strawberry jam 1 2 3 2 1
I like blue
I love
I think I like it
what is it I guess come by the house I
know you didn't shock with what is
anywhere that I think it was chocolate
pudding and it was gross however
liverworts that less than news weekend
on creatures but not to the pudding
gotten bad wake up these every time yes
oh my got one good one the cheese makes
is supposed to be the bad one barf or
peach
or from being heat okay one two three
yeah it's worse speak oh god I'm so
broke his purse who agrees to be
Runnings of worse oh no I didn't get
rotten egg beaches Pleasant yeah Pete
say I don't know
I smell sweat this I think that Caleb
booger or juicy pear Fraser what you got
both huh I chose pencil shavings or um
what will it top banana
I want taller yeah oh yeah yeah I'm just
killed Connie I got banana flip wait is
it that could totally be pencil David
it's not bad I don't know I think it's
banana oh shoot yeah I I actually even
sister yeah yeah hmm this is pretty good
for sugar
hey what would you get I thought who's
been in it for so banana ham pencil
sherry you H of them I thought it was
good at first um
I chose baby wipes or coconut it is
right I think I want babies because I
like the smell of a twist all this no no
no yes it tastes good
baby what I have I have I won't get
angry is it war and kill them one time
as kids are non-toxic of their baby
wipes ha ha ha it could be but it could
be good it's for you great it tastes
like one big lips just like I predicted
Wow Susie their mommy cheese caramel
corn there's our last flavor this is
going to be worse one of the abilities
I've smelt it it is muggy day
just like I know it's just like people
talk about horribly fun uh and gross and
fun adorable and guys tell us what we
should do next time for our next
shout-out video jelly write down below
gallons horribly terrifyingly growth and
what should we do next
life as on that be sure to subscribe
subscribe to get even one because there
and they have an awesome awesome channel
and really funny and because it did I'll
make up digital
style come to the editorial wait after
that right I didn't make a video with it
and also be sure to go check that out I
will be up on our channel kids
beans ah
baked potato baby thanks for watching
Britt Ailee
