today I'm preparing what do you think
you'll be doing in ten years
right now we are having reading time and
after that I'm gonna edit my Accra Anna
what's in my gym bag today
so the time you see this is it the time
you see this video my a career and I
what's in my gym bag one is probably
already out so go check out I'm reading
the City of Ember bye Jenny
I think it's a genie genie Deborah do
pro I don't know how to say it
yeah and it's Jean I would think what's
what about without a doom city and the
two kids that are in it and it's a
really good book I just got it we're
reading a book and the page I'm on
there's a lot only a lap and I'm on this
okay I'm reading speed or bang kids
lawyer by John Grisham um well what I
have read so far is that the guy's name
is Theodore his friend named April and
their parents are getting into a divorce
and so his mom's gonna be like the
lawyer of I think the mom and the dad's
job is born he said and now he's talking
with his not really friend but somebody
that he does
named Sandy and his parents were talking
about something called force oh sure
okay that's so that's what you've read
so far but do you know what the books
about a good lawyer
okay all right pretty much yeah you can
kind of get that from dad yeah
a nanny read Haley a book earlier she
got Arlo it's a book about a dog that
needs glasses so Haley already had her
reading time she read it once I read it
to her like two times already get off of
the bar and dishes she's right in the
pink dried processed if you don't
remember how to do it yeah that's a
space bar she's she's on that boy she's
gonna tie a mil circle I forgot about
this footage it's last footage
oh I hope she starts gymnastics again
when we get back from Disney World
I'm gonna call insider up and down here
rarely dump up to the bar okay anyways
how do you stop this the space bar i i'd
really read by those i didn't work
that's love they gave me talk back okay
so right now i am editing since read any
times over at net right now I'm editing
my what's in my gym bag and we're gonna
try to post this soon here's after we're
done editing it probably gonna be done
you reckon we push it in 20 minutes 25
it's our 75 minutes this depends on how
long it take to so get busy I thought
you wanted to do it if you don't want to
do it I am more than happy to do it and
then we you to help you decide nothing
to see a long time how do you scroll up
oh okay alright
all right so we need to put the clips in
we want and we probably need to add
music let's do this this is the
microphone no it's the musical note oh
they're so the weirdest thing just
happened the pizza man just came to our
door and was knocking and try to order
his pizza that we didn't order he had
her address but it wasn't her name I
really thought that somebody ordered me
the pizza like daddy for work honey
we're still like you're like count
somehow got you're like my credit card
information well that's why I asked him
whose name it was if cuz it was gonna be
my name then I was really gonna flip out
but it wasn't there was somebody else's
name it was the right actor it was our
address but somebody else's name hey no
with free body
so right now we are on our way to guitar
and I was just practicing my song we did
today we didn't know as Anka she tricks
I just just picked a random one and
erase what we're doing by Daniel so
Edward only in LA and I have my hair
done I love my hair back in the bunny
but it feels so weird got out of my
things back
no I need my bangs out look feels like a
bold up here feels feel and I've been
sitting here waiting and waiting and
waiting and waiting and waiting and
waiting waiting
waiting I'm waiting
wait teen so I have my ballet slippers
got the hair done got everything for
ballet I don't my folder I have oh yeah
I got a new iPod case I am Mickey Mouse
Mickey it feels so good
says the world it's so cool
my iPod looks so much different I think
I'm really prepared for disney world
right now cuz I got a Nicki I thought
Kay's I got a Mickey shirt got a Mickey
I got a Mideast animal I am ready to go
and if you look really closely at the
front you can see the camera in it and
me you can see the camera what's up
wassup guys anyways we'll see you later
bye plan your outfits today no could you
look completely like
Olivia Gaga so yeah
do you guys ready to go your feet hurt
yeah ballerinas get their feet C's
worked out our teacher said that hurt
their feet her feet led their feet
believed and they when they go in there
very to be just because of the wood or
the wood in the floor or the pot in
their shoes
yeah and they had a wood Idol the wooden
issues yeah and they felt a smile
through all the bleeding yeah it's tough
to be a ballerina
ah he said if you're a belly ballerina
you can do gymnastics ice skating and
diving and swimming and all that if you
had like all that okay so we're just
gonna end this quickly push the question
of the day is oh oh I know now um what
do you think you'll be doing in ten
years not you darlin please will mistake
that um let's see I'll be 18 I'll be up
being awesome so yeah
I'll be boarding at a game could be 14
years old what do you think you'll be
doing when you're 14 like she's never
gonna tear that shoe
I think I'm gonna be working at a game
company I think I'll be working at
justice just know Haley yo yours was you
you said that you'll be in gymnastics
no girls wanna copy me gymnastics bye
see you tomorrow
Annie do your little tune so don't
forget to comment down below cuz we won
another question today is what do you
think a little burning in ten years
bye sorry I mean what will you be doing
in ten years these four fingers
what don't know you only have four
fingers
he's live which one didn't know has no
thumb is the same number of digits as
you used to have a thumb well as a phone
thanks for watching
Britt Taylor
