hi for McCamey hello youtube today is my
mother's birthday she's 22
but that you guys are probably saying
that doesn't make sense because then she
would have been 11 when she gave birth
to me so um we're going to eat it
Chipotle for lunch so after lunch then
we have to go pick any up but we're
gonna be there for a little bit because
we're gonna be early Oh her gym we're
gonna pick her up from her gym
cuz she's at gymnastics for six hours
describe the time um and then we're
gonna go home and then we're gonna go to
Olivia's house because my mom dad
Olivia's mom and dad we're going to
dinner together or to celebrate my mom's
birthday and then we're gonna have to
have a babysitter watching us while
we're at Olivia's house which I don't
think I need a babysitter recalling that
I know 11 I mean yeah I can't wash them
cuz I'm not 12 and you've gotta be 12 to
be able to watch the kids I was inside
the babies yeah the kids but um I'm
close to that and I think I'm too old
for a babysitter because I'm not a baby
and babysit on baby anyway yep do you
need a babysitter get my tiny little
baby Hey
whose phone is that hi where's the case
ah okay just for the record Haley does
not have an iPhone that is not a phone
and a very old iPod it's like though is
that like iPhone for you on the 4s
that's an iPhone for daddy's old one
it's just an iPod now okay my file does
not have an iPhone I
then you know one of me no metal until
you are older than the camera but
anyways fairly actually she is well she
wouldn't be older to the blackboard yeah
we have a black went after her really
yeah cuz we didn't start doing these
videos until after she was born
yeah no but we had that all we started
no mm-hmm you thought wrong man you got
100 okay oh oh okay guys so once I get
eight thousand followers on Instagram
which PS by the time this is up you may
have eight thousand feet I guess I'm not
I have not I mean I have 7925 so
probably yeah um I'm going to on
Instagram film look mommy's gonna felt
filmy getting a water bucket and then
pouring it on my head ruin yeah okay and
I'm gonna pour it on my head it's gonna
be ice-cold really yeah I'm interested
yeah it's gonna I you know what you
could do soon you can still do that for
8,000 but what you could do to help you
get 10,000 with an ounce what you're
gonna do for 10,000 you can get more pay
for 10,000 I'm gonna put two pies in my
face really you can look at all of them
new pies and I think now I'm gonna have
to help with us cuz who's gonna buy you
pie yeah yeah and making more work for
me from buddy nah you just want to talk
for 9000 oh no but 10 comes after 9 you
should have done that night yeah okay
well not for 9,000 I'm gonna let's see
here
oh shit on the spot think on the spot
come on you could ask them what you can
do for 9,000 No oh I've got to think of
it that's kind of like our shout out
yeah yeah get a think um Instagram ones
let's see um hi John we could think of
things that we've done before on YouTube
how about why can't I think of anything
new don't you do I Drive like we're done
like 40 shoutout videos like I don't
know that that many don't even know um
could jump into a tiny pool I don't have
a tiny ball haha dang it uh-oh oh I can
dress myself up like it in Miami we had
heard no and Inez dresses okay
you will yep I'll do that for 9,000
followers tell them your Instagram okay
a my Instagram is I am the baked potato
with the icon potatoes has an e at the
end so smug like this
I am a BA ket P o ta t OE I think you
got it I think that was right
I'm a baked potato it's it I don't even
know if it a to the cell with an e but
for every referral and I signed you up
find that got that I put an e on it so
my bad yeah wasn't me no it was me it
was totally me I don't know why I did
that
ah and I realized it right after I did
it and I didn't want to go fix it so
that's how that you was born on actually
I can fix it you can change or oh yeah
I don't I don't think you can yeah well
we don't the do it now or we can see
that but I'm turning this up
Parvati that's one touch little but oops
you're looking at me on Instagram we
just fixed it there is no e at the end
so it's potato spelled correctly with
just an out but I don't know if it
really changed the whole thing did so
not attacking it uh surgery chasers
think I lost my phone so right there
that you guys busy on your electronics
have electronic devices why are we
shushing like a baked potato how do I
make it trained here
hey that was not very nice
you guys gonna have fun tonight
you guys know it's mommy's birthday too
right releasing Nani happy birthday Mary
bird you look like a monkey lifeline to
god of not very nice
oh yeah we started about the wrong
person happy birthday to you yes she
does if you smell like a pig and you
look like one too never real say happy
birthday I love your
jac jacket again I say you guys should
be in a band I know right yeah but I
always senior should be Caleb I know
right
got the best voice ever no seriously
daddy was pumping gas and he came in
here to chat with us and these kids are
busy on their electronic devices every
single one of them
one recent rowdy one of them we have too
many kids get rid of one hell of them I
was born first okay so got to get low
versus the water second is the best you
know first second if you're not first
you're last
oh geez
yeah that's not a thing for kids it's
just a thing for losers well not
perfectly easy all right
true the babysitter no I do okay so it
is at my house cuz is it your mom's
birthday and my parents and her parents
are out so we're at my house with the
babysitter and we're going to show you
our beam routines because Annie wasn't
here from us of the beam routine so I
taught her more and she's pretty good at
it so I'm gonna go first to show your
routine and then I'll show you a tease
improvement right circle back swing to
me the word no I'm telling them what it
is oh oh just go sign up circle flip hug
side we're not doing the back walk
okay back walkover crown Flair strop pop
quarterback tippy toes tippy toe lift
runs on yon arabesque scale lift step
leap stretch jump circle back cross slip
stack five-step handstand one two three
tippy-toe tippy-toe tippy-toe tippy-toe
lunge ulti bunk you're going to be total
patil lunge
I've no clue what this is called cuz I
wasn't here for this part I don't know
what it's called
either Swan Lake search jump not sketchy
let's go jump see some last full turn
yeah full turn
and down push the other way back
side handstand
I just tell you what it is
swing you have to swing you it name
that's what that wrong and that was my
bad he'll don't done new wobbles
she got a la ba GI so wobble hey Haley
why are you playing with Wyatt oh crap
ana Flavie okay we're gonna have to
teach you how to play baseball Annie
cook rock rock crawling crawling through
this nice job da da da da da da a seven
what did I get
give her a 6 what no no no give me a 10
very bad idea give Annie a - no give me
a 9 done we just got in the car from
being sat on
and it was pretty fun the babysitter was
pretty nice tickling that she was only
two years older than me Annie this she
didn't want to do it because she was
tired from gymnastics and she went to
Olivia's house and it's 10:30 at night
so it's understandable she said a long
day and so now for the question of the
day is what is the nicest thing you've
ever done for it someone to keep saying
I keep saying anybody but anyways my
answer to that is probably well my mom
said that I couldn't do a funny one but
I had it so I had to do a normal one but
my funny one was gonna be that I picked
up a phone from it's electric eel pool
the marilla one is that I I'll poop I
forgot
have you ever been nice uh hard question
oh oh is because um I said to my mother
that she's the bestest mother in the
world or I thought you said she was
fluffy and she's fluffy so that's my
answer so comment down below because I
want to know and the question of the day
is what is the Knights of the universe
and anybody and I said I mean that
you've done for somebody and I just said
anybody and because I think it's more
natural to me so by anybody uh baked
potato baby
thanks for watching Britt Ailey
