time for Haley so today's or usually
recess today shall we go sir but today
we are doing a free free gun is a
frequently asked questions going back
what we got these questions from Twitter
Instagram Facebook party could you do so
Twitter Instagram Facebook in YouTube so
today we're gonna answer a few questions
and some of you are getting lucky
shutter ah you saw you lucky people are
getting each other after we're done with
our questions from you guys we're gonna
do this these thing this thing called
rapid refresh
Caleb's gonna go first I'm gonna go and
then Haley's the thing while I call the
rapid fire is it's the first thing that
pops into your mind
like he would say cupcake I could say
unicorn and she could get say popcorn no
she could say Barney but just for the
record you're not just it's a question
yeah answering my questions you don't
get to sit here for five minutes and
think what's my favorite movie no it's
the first favorite movie you can think
of as quick as you can
okay okay understand now alright first
we're gonna start with some YouTube
questions ask away no all right crystal
Estrada asked what is Annie's level in
gymnastics oh you guys displaying the
whole thing when I throw it Oh
okay got Robin Fehr whole bubble five
and I but I'm really level six
everybody's cold a there the under level
like because they put a new bubble in so
level three dr. louis number four clock
up of three zoo but level three is
called over to number four is held on
with three little five is called over
four little six are called level five
five that's what I am and then so on so
gestures make sure that you get it
I did move up and I'm just gonna be cold
double five again if I'm called little
five but I'm still doing level six go so
to answer your question just to say so
you get what she's saying she's level
six no no no no your love sticks
no yes you are level 6
alright next question Abbi stir it stir
t'n Abby's Turton asked what do you want
to be when you grow up I want to I could
think about these right yeah but not too
long Oh get two seconds I want to be a
UH a video game person whatever you call
that I don't want to be in a kiss give
it me go do it all right Logan Taylor
says why doesn't your mom come on camera
a lot because my Peggy doesn't like to
be seen cuz she's so cheesy but I like
the spotlight
really because I don't know that answer
do you want me to ant yes because I'm
the one that always has a camera most of
the time you find it I don't really want
to turn the camera I don't know how you
guys turn the camera under
some film I feel like I'm talking to
myself
hello you guys are good at it I feel
like silly when I turn the car let's go
myself
all right moving on Bridget Elise says
where does the name bratayley come from
Haley the brat and Rene Haley's Haley
and smashed together and makes brat
Haley the tailing oh all right Bethenny
Greve asked how many leotards does Annie
have 319 day I have 14 Leos I usually I
used to have a lot more but we cleaned
out my drawer drawers and we got rid of
something different every time why we
give them to me
you want to wear what no okay Lauren
Marie says what state do you live in
can't say oh I thought it was gonna be a
test I was gonna see if you said good
job Cara
that's not mistake not a stinks
all right Jamie rocks 11 does it feel
strange when you vlog out in public
yes kinda know why are you got anything
around question Layton Lala's it do you
does it feel strange when you vlog out
in public
mm kinda tied up that's your that's your
edge and okay camera yeah cuz you just
failed sibling power one what kind of
camera do you have and is it waterproof
hmm
it's an icon yes the one we're filming
on right now is an icon do you know what
the one we film with everyday and
waterproof the white one is called what
do knowing this I know judge these
things up bias bigotech how about flip
I'm saying that and is it waterproof yes
you may be so I don't know no no last
time you drop to your body so yeah the
one we filled with every day is not know
anybody you could get in and it has
water in it it's probably done with my
dad so because it's because it's
waterproof and it's got a lifeproof case
if you're interested one and do not go
to the go to the next person let me tell
them what it can do it can be dropped in
mind it can be dropped two feet again
that's the highest it can be drawn it oh
you can it's waterproof and it bug proof
wait now that we've done a commercial
for them maybe they'll send us a free
phone case and wait let me keep going
just ask all right Lily midnight at how
many American Girl dolls do you have no
um I'll have three I'm eight nine Claire
Murphy wants to know where do you three
want to go to college I don't know that
much called new places a good college
college that Barney doesn't go in sorry
okay um yeah probably the same as Annie
anything want something back yeah I just
a college hopefully I get into college
ha ha
play get into college move on to the
Facebook questions okay mommy
ask away Jazmin panas Panozzo what's
your favorite video that you've made so
far and why have no clue we made a lot
um let's
I know it's it's a video that worst
thing what stuff about like dad our
family like what what do you think Kate
Kate your brother is good at what do you
think those cuz he was so cute 21
questions about my mommy is that what it
was
or 20 questions 20 classical any
questions about I know 200 hearts yeah I
love that one
all right crystal the March she says if
you could eat one thing for the rest of
your life what would it be
fruit okay Meghan Lindsey says if you
could be any one of your siblings which
one would it be and why why Toshi
it is not a sibling why I have no clue
oh I know Annie because I don't get
yelled at because I wanted all that so
first it does he gives me candy and now
it's because it she lets me play on my
iPad
how are you sick this
nice guys guys guys you okay Leah okay
so now let's move on to twit hire Joe
Ely
asked Annie what is your favorite
gymnastics trick probably a back
handspring Wow okay Claire Coughlin -
says what was the best and worst thing
about the past year of daily vlogs well
the best thing was that we did it the
worst thing was that it was daily my
name with him but I'm gonna do another
worse one and the worst thing was Haley
was it no problem because we had I do it
every single night just like but I was
this cause of going to sleep oh yeah
that never happened but I happened today
yeah maybe you should get Papa Bear
right Caleb reina said what is one thing
I love about the summer whoa
our meeting beautiful peridot huh no she
says that we can go to the pool I said
that we don't have school oh okay
what do you think I said uh-huh but I
thought you meant what she said I don't
know anyways umm probably because no
unlike the winter you don't you don't
have to bundle up just to go outside it
takes you like five minutes just to get
your stuff ready yeah summer and I'm so
good out Evan
ten seconds maybe like home want to go
on Tianna Wells ask is Hayley still
doing gymnastics no but actually she's
thinking about coming back in she is in
an hour's time through some Instagram
questions might be all together no not
not badge m4d d13 underscore asked do
you ever fight or are you yes sorry but
what's the truth or answer yes we do
that's aleut lee they do and gymnast for
life v app it's filming ever get in your
way
yes what is that mean i mean i want to
go play outside
I'm gonna go to you and art can I want
to give to peered up I want to go to my
room
you don't want to go surfing
then I want to go right right hobo okay
now the question how is filming getting
your way of all that I did I want to be
house I didn't want to be a pink
I want me I don't know it's a that is in
the way because I want to do it well I
would just film you're doing it
never let it know me dude you never let
me going to be a house and you won't
feel me to all it Mikey look at my son
how's Annie um doesn't really get into
my way and then I'll start doing the
house stands like this next question
obeys a WK 0 al why why ha I don't know
what that is also vote the way it's
written
when will Annie get braces Thursday the
hard question you said what popped into
my mind we're not on to rapido oh well
you better game it has to be on okay I
have no clue li Xue okay
underscore at GW mm ask do you think you
will ever become famous yeah on October
truly first to three thousand ninety one
ninety one of your famous for being old
oh no yo yes yes make so full I'm gonna
be a movie star
I'm gonna go hey guys yeah yeah yeah it
was a grab what you don't wake up
necklace so did we get one yes and I
mean one no and to what hey get on that
what did you say yes
Yes No maybe so Yes No maybe so and yeah
the Navi are Makris fire Caleb's gonna
go first
I'm here to answer it like this first
thing that pops into your head it has to
be on topic ah I already killed get
ready oh my all right starting with K
well rings - Annie and then - Hayley
what is your favorite food macaroni
fruit kill Hayley mr. favor chicken how
old are you not one eight boy what are
your favorite colors black blue purple
and left okay this one's for Annie what
is your favorite event and domestics
oh thanks boy okay back to everybody
winter your birthday's Jo so Saeng
do those do December Finn 2004 September
2nd 2008 that's right how many animals
do you have all of you 1983 mmm
some people say we just have three and
that's not break yes it is 3 this is
straight I could do this and said all
would you like to come to England no
yeah so I don't know yes yes yes yeah no
no no no no no what is your favorite
movie don't
hello we're starting with Caleb
roboticle no one even maybe even movie
yeah Jo Jo Jo go oh do you betray me
give me to the that's the first movie
ever
what's your favorite place to shop for
clothes just go new home gesture justice
Wow
do you act the same when you are not on
camera
and yes yes I do know oh why you you say
what's your favorite YouTube channel
kitties mama mama Beijing Canadian what
just disco what did you like most about
the meet-and-greet that I got to see
Barney hurry
um that there are people there then we
actually got to sign autographs this is
supposed to be that okay and we someone
this isn't rapid fire but two to random
question of three random questions three
random questions does Annie have her own
Instagram no no no yeah well I know a
lot of people are pretending to be us on
Instagram and on the internet but our
real is our real stuff is I am a baked
potato with an e and official daily
those are Instagram ones on Facebook one
time for taylean a Korean story a crow
an Amber Kaley
back row and uh and boys now laws I have
a Facebook and our Twitter is
advertising and Akron hang at boozing
out long don't have a Twitter and those
are only counts so if you're following
somebody else they're fake if you
couldn't understand what we were saying
there then check our descriptions are
all on there okay libertà more question
of danger yes Neelu do not have any
account if you're following someone that
says that he lived and it's not them it
is a fake eyes and allies okay Caleb yes
this one's for you how did you create
the baked potato song yeah hey look I
need a I would ask this one too hi
Brooke so next question boy I feel like
I'm on a jury
oh wait I got a jury for like him go a
courtroom yeah courtroom well sometimes
when sound bounces around in an empty
skull for George um well it was a long
long time Oh nineteen nineteen thirty
two like when Caleb wasn't even gonna
know it wouldn't be nice for you if I
started when I was born it on my start
night great great okay good um so uh uh
I I really don't know I just started
singing this random song it just popped
in my head and then Justice fun to Rio
night freedom to all nations and then I
got hittin it then I got shot man
oh alright and the last house the last
question is will you be getting a new
cat in the near future
yes that is indefinitely you're getting
one tomorrow rpm and fire the Lego store
oh it's tomorrow
why are you leaning over me I don't know
all right that is a good question
when's the next meet and greet right
let's see we know it right a the SERP
teeth nope let's see if you really know
it I'll see if you can say it without
any help July 28 4:00 p.m. in front of
the legal story you're in decided what
when it was you say at 4:00 p.m. in
front of the Lego store at Toronto in
front of what Lego store downtown down
with the moon and where is Downtown
Disney located and what city and what
state all right guys
I like that hopefully we do it again
that was fun to me well you see you
tomorrow
keep these daily videos going and now we
all got to do a half day oh I had a
dream screaming me too you know I can
see myself you do you're so out of food
okay I got you do-do-do-do-do-do to
Hampstead a single database the database
thanks for watching
Britt Ailey
