just as we speak so it's been a fun trip
but we gotta leave the condo now we'll
be back next year maybe maybe well
probably but okay now we have to go
shopping and Delaware on the way home
because they have to shop you sound
thrilled I do something don't cuz I am
and I better get something my father
give me go through I don't know 24
stores not getting I got you that gun
3:00 in the morning
oh yeah cuz outlets are open till 3:00
in the morning well I mean I guess I'll
be shop long enough we wouldn't get home
till 3:00 in the morning can we have a
long drive home getting some breakfast
this morning at generals kitchen
we have a long line those are there
sitting in the shade what we stand in
the Sun all for their breakfast hi
look out what wow that is really long
you growing them out
why are you so cut of bacon today oh
it's just copycat me what are they
concert' be a long trip bacon your leg
no oh really loves pickles are your
favorite food pickles and bacon now you
know what she likes pickles he takes
everything from spongebob how does he
know all this about spongebob they're
cool I think he sits around all day and
watches spongebob at work we are totally
on the line of Maryland Delaware
incisors perfect light we are in
Delaware way
Wow hailey did you see how that happened
it's so different oh my gosh look around
it's so Delaware like comfortable Annie
Annie let me see his little eyes let's
see the original big eyes
there's Sidney's big eyes and and Haley
little eyes the new Koko yeah
where you going
oh you're going to Disneyworld are you
gonna the Disney's turn when we're gonna
be in Disneyworld next week it may be
cheaper here we gotta buy things to go
to Disney pose check another pose
another and another
would you like some makeup to go with
that oh yeah let's put some clip-on
earrings on them
looking good Luke you're welcome now you
are just her face
you guys are gorgeous oh my gosh pretty
pretty princess huh
finding things you want instead that's
got makeup in it Oh headband my hands
beautiful you guys are awesome so we
finally made it home it's been a fun
very fun long week and we just got back
and watching teen beach movie it's
paused right now we haven't watched all
of it and it's the premiere of it
tonight so we other positively ready to
watch but we got a few announcements to
do first first of all um we heard a lot
of people to meet agree more than
expected but not a ton but thank you all
for coming and speaking of meet and
greets our Disney meet and greets coming
up soon it's gonna be on July 28th at 4
p.m. in front of the liquor store by the
lakes or I gotta
well that's the ocean that was the ocean
city 1 we're gonna do a little question
of the day well not a little he's been
doing every day but um we're gonna meet
some youtubers and comment down below
who you think it is ok so we're gonna
meet up within a couple of weeks and
white one and we want you to guess -
they want you're gonna be in the comet
Halley already know hey let's not
question today like yous gonna give them
you know him know it's hard
meeples I wanna talk okay go ahead talk
there's nothing to say right now we
don't answer we're not answering this
question of the day you're gonna talk
right now
they're talking right now that's true
dude now it's time to watch TV to move
and I just had a brain thing usually a
brain what anyways so now it all the
cocktail cuz you forgot what doing a
thing okay
so if you also watched it tell us what
you think it is
it's aren't disney FYI but you
information and um and tell us what you
thought about it did you like it or did
you don't don't speaking about tomorrow
we are gonna complete our one year of
daily videos tomorrow not tomorrow but
the next day the next day today today
marks our one year of daily video Danny
I feel good that we actually made it and
I'm ready to go another gear I'm not or
you're not that we've done it for a year
hasn't felt that long ago
then when you think about all the stuff
you've done she's like wow do you think
you can do another year of daily videos
no I want her to say what do you think
Annie says she's not sure if she wants
to do it actually I think you think you
are sure yes oh you do want to do it
Paley yeah Oh cuz she made you do it
okay but I want to know if you want to
do it
thanks for watching
Britt Haley
