I smell Annie oh wait wait wait hold on
wait are you teaching her wrong yeah oh
well no I teach it all wrong now my
habits help oh we got the teacher right
they were doing school and I ran and got
these were these the right kind no just
kidding of course I got to that face I
would only have not got to they didn't
have to all right so we're going
swimming today and they needed a pool
toys I got these two all right continue
with your lesson that's the math I did
oh I don't think that's what you're
thinking
this is borrowing normal subtraction and
borrowing all right well our day is just
getting started we're doing school and
then lunch and then cool yeah it's
important to know yeah
when it ribbits it's correct you're good
at third grade okay my friends we are
here at the mall because we both we
should they both finished a week of
school so I'm letting them a week of one
subject sorry plan ma to eat and I gotta
get
yes we are I love that idea all right
well let's get this show on the road
we're gonna have a good time
we're celebrating we're relaxing with
this our second day off
Annie do you feel like you had a day off
yesterday
so charge all right did you feel do you
feel like you were having days off now
are we starting to feel refreshed mom
left us okay she's smart she knows all
right
it's a beautiful day out yeah she's
gonna head start you got give her a long
head start you can feel the Sun shopping
we catch up for Mom and those bad angles
she would be I love you metal detector
yeah she just be one that she would be
shopping already
okay but you know what not only his mum
awesome to hang out with but she also
gets us handicapped
Oh trying to find out where to eat okay
Jersey Mike's is right here maybe some
sandwiches where are we really bad with
directions alright we'll go that way
let's see if we're right
that's you though which might you think
is behind you
but that's the water fell okay so
I think it's this way I smell Annie I
did I said I snow and snow Annie yeah we
were right over on the other side that
director Nora perfume that's funny and
sad at the whole surprise I don't think
she pointed at anyone she was looking
for food you knew you saw what do you
mean you knew how do you know title of a
video
I smell image you know I was texting mr.
Jimmy whole time Jimmy's like want to
meet for lunch and surprise the kids
setup not to text you about it because
because that was just the so we could to
fake you out mom doesn't care that we
really it plans this didn't tell anybody
leave it to Annie to come to a
restaurant and get winter I know what
kind of restaurant we had Japanese
restaurant and get splinters linor with
chopsticks did you get it is it out okay
good mum's learning about ramen Wow she
got a notification she said Oh Savi
where the commas okay guys so we are at
the pool where is she oh she's right
there okay so we're cool right now we're
going to jump in and it's probably
really cool wait don't push me it's not
that bad
umm and we finally got goggles this time
and few pool toys are there if you can
play it with head mommy and yeah that's
what we're doing so let's jump in
yeah go just go on the count of three
one two three
Oh
I think the goggles for a hit not so
much the snorkels apparently
was that you swallow the water
yeah
okay
now the pool time has come to an end
Haley you just walked past all your
stuff
and now we clean up
Haley had a little accident you want to
show them scraped under the arm I don't
think we could see it cuz you're
silhouetted you have to come over here
I'm here under pits Haley went one way
and he went the other way and and the
underarm and the underarm hit the Kanta
due to catch me but you're like okay
Betty sounds fine I'll cut you free the
next time you caught her alright she
saved your life too well yeah scrape the
arm but we're okay higher Annie she's
like I wasn't really leaving it was just
a dramatic exit oh you oh I'm sorry
dramatic exiting oh I like when Annie
has a day off she organizes things so we
got back on the pool and Haley and mom
came in here and did Haley and Haley all
of Haley's stuff this is my shirt thank
you very much
um did Haley and did Haley's things
which took about my per tail each shirt
which took like ten minutes because
Annie wanted to come in here and focus
focus on organization organization so
later on once it's done we're gonna
watch a Bambi but this could take a
while so in the meantime these two are
trying to find something that they can
watch it's always movie night around
here what's going on what are we what
are we debating about mom does it not a
spell it's okay I cleaned this room and
wash the sheets and we're getting so
much done on our day off and we're just
cleaning and organizing I'll take this
upstairs
doing laundry all day we had swimming we
had lunch and Annie's on a roll in here
like she's really organizing what are
you doing you're taking everything out
but why are you gonna take it off
hangers just to put it back on hangers
because I might put my favorite stuff
that I'm gonna go for everyday here or
there but you could have just left it on
a hanger until you decided now you're
doing double the work
okay well this could take an hour okay
could take two hours just don't guess
because I'm afraid if you leave this
room you won't come back in even though
this was her idea I just told her to put
her laundry away all right I'll bring
you a drink I just have a question for
the people out there watching maybe
you'll remember it for it to be our
question today do you feel like you're
an organized person or not like my I
like my short sleeves things to be on
the like and strapless all in one spot
organized and then I get like I don't
care I don't care and then I'm like I
know or guys that take everything that
yeah I'm a failed OCD person like I wish
so I wish I could be more organized and
everything have its place but life gets
in the way sometimes of that and
sometimes it's not worth it
all right i'ma bring you some water
never seen bamboo before or that your
first Bambi I'm like Haley just
experienced bambina for the first time I
think we probably watch out mm-hmm same
Haley same just gonna uncover you okay
it's the end of a day hey just been
going all day did pay was paid but on
our vlog today at all yay I'm telling
her you said that
sorry okay I love you page okay so guys
that brings me to the question today
yeah page she answered mine
okay back late I'm like Holly didn't
answer that mm um so it was a good day
off question of the day what's your
favorite Disney movie Haley was your
favorite Disney movie Bambi my favorite
Disney movie is bucks in the hound Oh
what Danny you got a pass wait no I'm
gonna school we just don't know I would
say beauty of these whoo mum The Lion
King that's a good one your turn are you
looking up favorite Disney movies
Annie's favorite Disney movie that's
what you should google cuz you probably
answered this before and someone's
probably written it down
or it could change I guess okay Annie
the vlog is waiting on you yeah
then you can't name more than one what's
your other one a little mermaid but you
like Lion King better or you go with a
little mermaid all right Annie
lady in the dream have you seen lady in
the Tramp no we can't be your favorite
things I'm looking I'm not a lady in the
Tramp that's a good one there's so many
good ones
Aladdin you've got to pick one Moana any
pick one I do have to answer the course
of the dirt you can't pass watch me are
you really path hat you really probably
just love movies and I love this thing
fine I think that's the only one you've
ever passed on now you've named like a
million of your favorite how's it feel
alright guys that's for the video in we
will see you tomorrow tomorrow we have a
lot of both day of filming so I hope you
guys enjoyed your day off and then
chicken girls rap so it's kind of
bittersweet this all baby today I'm not
happy about that we cut any bittersweet
did revision are you happy that chicken
girls is over mmm but our use don't you
want another day off yeah so that's why
it's bittersweet why wait it or bitter
cuz I don't I don't you want to go see
everybody I want a day off and chicken
girls is ending that's bitter bitter but
don't you want to see everybody it's
gonna be sweet to see everybody I mean I
did see them for the last two weeks so
no okay fine you guys hear that she
doesn't want to see you who's watching I
need chicken girl cast members watching
and he doesn't want to see you next time
you say something like that like okay
guys wow we're gonna see you tomorrow
bye no no one was looking at my baby
wanna look at your face good Sinise
Anthony I mean you are beautiful but
she's kidding
I mean she's pretty but oh she's just
kidding I hope how did her feet smell
kidding Wow do they smell bad are you
just being dramatic 20000 minute shower
I'm good you I don't want to spoil your
foot cuz you didn't even take a shower
you guys both took a shower after the no
she didn't wait a second that's pool
hair yeah she's you're about to go get
in the bath
you're like you're a lion I just wanted
to be a lion
alright see you tomorrow guys always
remember to celebrate thanks for
watching Vitaliy
