today
so she's a isn't very busy day to today
we are about to go to the store to get
me some ballot because I signed up for a
ballet class this summer because it's
gonna help me with the steps of
minorities and right now I'm doing the
car to the guitar after that and the
foreign guitar we're gonna go and eat
and do all of that do what else we need
to do then we're gonna go to guitar and
I'm gonna do actually it's hard cuz last
time you said we came to do the dog but
I was really doing singing it's
complicated and so right now I'm
practicing my new song and I've almost
got it down
really
after Qatar you're going it's gonna be
my first ballet class today so we have
to get the slippers today right now hey
my turn what blue look he just wants my
guitars think it's like a beast
she knows you really well
you guys mommy you guys - I can't play
the guitar
and I have to say that Annie probably
plays it better cuz we do not go to
guitar lesson almost eleven-year-old
caring mommy no you can't but I will me
ballet slippers because I'm not a
ballerina
and we wrap our man we just drop Harry
so we just got Haley on my door for a
playdate and I know we are going to
guitar got to go drop a little off
Sydney so whoa Tom
so you haven't played a twisted thing
well I feel good doing ballet I was just
it feels weird going to ballet not
gymnastics Emily oh and I'm not so sure
about the ballet slippers I'm pretty
sure about the but I like them that
it's hard to like mommy mommy Jennifer
like me jeej elevate she hairsprayed it
huh
it just has to be fun so wearing the bun
isn't all that bad but wearing ballet
slippers is weird because I'm not used
to that thank you for those
inspirational words what what it's kill
the baby show what what to obey that
jerk
what about Haley
okay okay
dun dun dun dun dun Oh turtle we are
farmers tintin tintin tintin
it's been a very long and busy day I
think that ballet was pretty good even
though mommy put my button way too tight
and right when I got done I got it out
and so I took a bath now it's time for
the question of today and you're
probably not wondering because Hayley
isn't here either but caleb is at Luke's
house and I think he's spending the
night so now it's time to present that
the question of the day is what's the
best part about being naked my answer is
coming for you because you don't have to
pay for like a house you're not to pay
bills you want to pay for a car yet so I
just like that you don't have to do like
you you don't have to be but because
when you're a grown-up you have to be
responsible for more stuff and all this
goes on and on so don't forget to
comment down below cuz we were to know
the question of the day is what's the
best part about being the kid BYE MOM
based on data baby
thanks for watching
Britt Haley
