we're looking at male coz really behind
anyways please I just got back from
Damascus names phrase going back to that
I got my most worse trip it was a bloody
one anyways back up mailed me mustache
sandwich cutter we should make a
sandwich real quick boys I'm telling ya
ain't a letter or anything they just say
I don't want to give Calvin's last name
away but it could be Calvin's dad or mom
right but they're new like they bought
them for you that is a Baltimore take
off of Amazon Amazon chicken
they're little erasers that come apart
Haley Haley here well listen your own so
it doesn't move you better man up you
very quiet a minute
hurry Danny okay this is a cake floor
and they're phenomenal this one I want
to show you this job is there's this
little thing you're supposed to be
chewing with your mouth closed you keep
moving it I can't taste you cute turbo
let's make a picture there Joe keep the
comments coming if they're questions
I'll answer them all of them all of them
really
yeah I'm gonna be here all night did you
watch that one mr. Sims
you've made it explode more masonic
everything over the peanut butter and
jelly is coming out the top ten most
popular
I think I'm clumsy week 32 1 million
five hundred forty four thousand sorry
boys I'm never going at the park again
was what she said again week 61 1
million four hundred forty three
thousand do you know why you said that
Haley is that what you're asking do you
know why you didn't want to ever go at
the park again
you stepped in a puddle on your way and
you got really angry no it's going to
the park of horrible
you got mad at the park crazy epic
obstacle course week 38.2 1 million
three hundred fifty four thousand and
three views rocks taking the four spot
rock star Molly fun makeover kids week
78 three I mean 1 million three hundred
forty seven seven
twelve use you know it's really weird
that our most bloody video has nine
hundred forty nine thousand view ready
you know why it only has that is that
are you saying it doesn't have very many
no I'm saying he has but uh okay yeah it
it's pretty popular people see the
bloody nose and the title and they click
on it do you want a peanut butter and
jelly moustache well here so daddy cut
some more and they turned up better but
I think mine is for the best
I can judge my love stuff
guys really
I just took off my grip and I'm gonna
show you how bad it is but um earlier
was blaming it's gotten better
yeah pretty gnarly
you made a necklace I will I'll put that
off made a necklace out of the stuff you
got from the mail yeah awesome
we need some fingerling L Clippers to
clip it do you see it show it aunt
hailey it's pretty big so daddy I gotta
take a picture look here Caleb once I
see we're celebrating for Caleb big win
for baseball but he's not so kind of
celebrating without him he decided to
not come on a celebration
he had better people to hang out with
mister hmm I don't know who could be
better than us
I mean we're quite a fun crowd to hang
out with
I'm the fun am i fun Thanks
nice hat easy I never see you know a
little girl before
mommy friend to you it's having a
freemium party oh my gosh I love
cleaning party I could tell about your
room that's because daddy you never
clean up when we do it smartest your
hangout loo the bed that's your father
it is not your father
no we just all got home and go to eat
with them but I did hear that Hayley had
the water
oh good
and how did you feel when she spilled
the water on you sad did she did you
almost cry yes you know you kept your
cries then and she just yeah I think you
did yeah your tears came out she was
just kind of I got her on my lap while
the waitress was drying the table on the
bench and you can see Hayley's little
little frown
she was just didn't know what to think
today which is if you could be any kind
of tree what kind of tree would you be
been home for two minutes and Annie is
asleep on the couch like we've been here
for literally just crashed and so I'll
answer for her Annie wants to be an
orange tree so she can have oranges what
kind of tree would you want to be what
kind of tree do you want to be and I
promise you I have I didn't mean mommy
did not copy each other not here here
gonna take over for Annie I know how to
send her but let's just take over for
you what sure would you like to me when
we talked about this on the way home I
said I and Kayla both up with it with us
I said I would be a money tree when I
was like oh my dog Caleb that needs to
be a money tree I said hey Caleb the
question of the day is gonna be what
kind of tree you want to be and he said
I'm gonna be a money tree I was so proud
of him for thinking of the same thing
like all them I got all proud and stuff
I did couldn't wait we don't baby oh oh
let me give you a little scratch my
please oh my god please and so yeah me
and mommy would like me to be a monkey
why mommy cuz then I could have a
never-ending supply of money like money
so down below because we learned over
the questioner of the day is do you like
your name
know what three would you like to me ah
you baked potato baked potato this is
the other version
I am a UWA NWA sorry uh it's okay she
didn't budge you can't see her in this
dark room you there but I promise you
she's there all right
like father like daughter all right or
is she
nobody or is she in our house that other
commercial what commercial is Alyssa Oh
temper bow I saw that preview yeah Haley
we still see you know I'm a tuba and
your clarinet you can always always have
some instrument fun
baked potato baby thanks for watching
Britt Haley
