today I'm Bailey I look I said I say
that every morning we're gonna find some
stuff for our trip to Ocean City and
wait we haven't started yet
don't drop yet okay have you dropped yet
show everybody your outfits that you
picked out come here yeah that's
dripping goofy can you model it for us
like walk walking on the catwalk
so we watch what shoes to wear to the
beach so because really I do and you
know yeah and now we're in the adidas
let's see if we can find something for
mr. Kayla I found something for hey I've
spied you hey little girl anything over
here
w4 Galib
now here is the Under Armour store and
is trying some stuff on we are about to
leave to vote but me has I'm gonna get
some dresses it's not fine when you're
shopping stores
every good shopping trip is not complete
until yep snack break
peekaboo
we're trying to hurry before the rain
set then I don't know if we're gonna
make it we didn't bring an umbrella
there's an umbrella in the garment oh
yes we're still gonna make it the old
Navy
and yeah we're going into bounds um do I
love this color and the like the lava
stripe look at the brain yeah I like
both and I like this one is really not
that exciting I mean it's a little
exciting but might not drop on the floor
exciting and they have these rompers
okay but guess what you have to make
sure they have your size an eight she
may be in luck
that one yeah that one doesn't really
fit you oh you're ready for the beat
Haley those glasses adorable
this is your chair
three
number two so we just got back from
shopping and we are trying on some of
the clothes before I got I think we film
when I almost when I would collapse to
the floor this is the dress that we've
got red ocean city a little tiny thing
here's it up very slowly turn turn now
it's time to custom today this question
is very simple what is your name no
first I'm seeking out something just
your first I'm gonna pronounce something
yeah how do you say it it's not
pronounce then what is it announce
anyways just your first name not your
last name because you really don't want
to print you don't really wanna say no
you do it
you don't really want to say your last
thing on the Internet
I just read Internet I don't know
anyways oh wow you got one right budget
wait
she said kill what's your name so I'm
not Caleb and all know you can ta Caleb
now it's your turn to answer the
question of the day remember no last
names okay so we've got a big announce
not as big as the meet-and-greets but
it's um this thing called through there
are back thursdays and well and you
probably heard throwback Thursdays when
people um post videos every Thursday
pictures and see videos pictures
pictures every Thursday but what we're
gonna do is post videos every Thursday
and what the videos are gonna be is
before bratayley some of them might be
before Hayley was born and it's not
gonna be the whole video just gonna be a
few clips so you can see what um what
life is before before bratayley and um
we have a lot of them right and so it's
gonna it's gonna go on for a few months
sorry August there's Mabel will start in
August from now I wish you much okay
anyway don't forget to comment down
below what is your name by tomorrow
why are you ready to get to answer it
you making my angry you make it
it's my you're making my frustration
here said that a little bratty thing
right between you make him a frustrated
I'm so cute yeah that's what she said in
the front of the mirror lighter she goes
I look I look
as I say that every morning thanks for
watching
Britt Taylor
