swing in a myth
cuz it's not an egg swing in a myth that
strike two
it'll be a home run or a strikeout
so we're home and we finally got the
camera back not mom's old phone until
it's games lasted longer than expected
they kept winning and we had to keep
playing one gave me to do eight and
eight and a half wait Robin wasn't eight
and a half innings one game we had to do
eight and a half innings but we ended up
winning on the in half ones but so sadly
we lost 1.0 less than the other team on
the second day so I straight when I got
went home I was very dirty because I
played it in the sand in the dirt so I
straight home I went straight to the
bats when we got home Annie told me to
tell you how I felt about my games and
the first game I felt like we were
definitely gonna lose but we didn't we
were winning eight to four we were
winning 64 that hit
liner a liner to write filled with
bases-loaded and I got two runs so then
it was 84 and that ending they scored
four runs to tie it up and then it went
on for like two more innings and I was
the bottom of the eighth
so somebody how much he hit bunted the
ball and everybody came in I think the
centerfielder and a left fielder came in
pitcher and all the infielders came in
and he and then overthrow but she was
already safe and and overthrow happened
and the right photo got the ball and the
guy who bunted it said in the third
safely and then this other guy came up
and then they said that he slashed bunt
but that isn't a rule anymore so who
knows why and the other coach of where
we were playing comes up and says he's
out he doesn't even control the um
tournament and then uh so and then our
next guy came up and hit a bomb nope got
a unit even hit the ball hey he hit the
ball straight backwards he didn't even
touch it though and I went backwards and
then the guy on third came home in
scored and we won and then our second
game we lost four to five and so lose
the game I hit one up in the middle but
the guy made a made up not very good
play but he kind of slid on his knees
for the ball and then threw me out at
first and because he was cheating over
to the second is to the mill and field
line and he got me there because we
would have tied it up if he didn't so
the first game was 90
eight and the second game was Oh five to
four
we're dog sitting t-bone and I'm singing
thanks nice tablecloth oh I took a
breath I've seen how long you can hold
your note okay
oh boy dying
clearly you are oh we're sitting outside
in their back porch eatin pizza for two
reasons we got home really late and
mom's too lazy to fix us dinner
everybody give a hand for mommy back for
the mother of the year for fits on her
oh wow really are you being sarcastic
really don't think I'm literally here
Thank You Haley yeah what's your high
high of happy high-step high is happy
should we come back to you sure sure my
high is that I had a really good hitting
and pitching first game to fly so I'm
going to attack me is like a killer fly
um and my love is that we lost their
second game Danny I do loser second game
how'd she do that
Annie what'd you do
Oh
whose turn is it couldn't think of one
there was no no playground today without
imaginary playground gets me every time
what's your low I thought we were doing
all the highest right now for the
playground Alex that hurts when you fall
in the pretend monkey bars would you
ever reach the fake floor right is that
pretend really tall those monkey bars or
pretend really tall right Oh Miko glad
glad I love Caleb - taking my gun
building yourself we wanted to punch her
in the face but we don't punch people in
the face
you have pajamas on yeah
you changed already what are you doing
over there
you can't take good thing I don't have
water in my mouth because I would have
spit out and then put water in your
mouth and spit it out all the baseball
insults where is it all the insults
tonight
thanks for watching
bratayley
