today I'm poppy we tie for what Amy Oh
YouTube but today's plant is our first
we're going to get my braces tightened
and Sandy's first time being on camera
and me well hi no Miller announces and
his first time coming with us for my
braces be tightened and I get them red
and blue again for the fourth of July
didn't see him get him get those blue
things on and get to see him get his
braces on I didn't get to see him change
colors two times but now we get to Jake
now I get to see your page Phyllis
satchel and I'm also doing this I did
this one at home and this in the car
says bratayley on this side and then I'm
working on this one it says bratayley
potato potato potato potato potato
potato bratayley unfortunately apart a
way to bail first calebrek calebrek
calebrek taylor and so on and after that
we're gonna go head to the mall eat and
then go spend our allowance oh the bear
she's going to build a bear already went
to build a bear and Game Stop end of
story
see there bring the car here
play-by-play now what we're about to
leave all right putting I see go put on
your seatbelt
wait smack her Wow that's what you get
boy that's how we solve problems in our
house huh Oh Cass Wow any sense in her
mouth so how'd it go okay horrible oh my
gosh she's hurt okay
I didn't even feel it they didn't even
have to take these out for wires put ya
on my valise let me all me rubber bands
I got red white you you got white yeah I
got three colors did you not hire me in
red and blue she's like oh so I was
hoping maybe three colors but I can't
see them
do do down here cool
I can't really see me there please
they like to look at your teeth I heard
probably yummy probably though probably
gross 4000 happy fourth of July in a few
days right not know Mike's look
surprised
definitely that kids birthdays look good
I have the goofiest kids in the world
better known
all right Caleb time's up what 30
seconds that's all you got found a game
fire doing that why are you nervous
what for me boo Tetris Tetris I love
that game I'm gonna buy it for me with
your allowance come on Kayla how much do
love is in the air oh oh I love you
1,000 so I love you from the moon to get
laid
register and heading the airship total
girl war chest Haley's pulling me away
well you can get them stuff I mean with
less stuffing in it the more stuffing
you put in the harder they get so you
could do just like a little bit of
stuffing I know I would get like a
little bit of stuffing and make him
really sauce how bright was you're gonna
do okay when you come go oh okay you're
gonna get us kicked out of build-a-bear
store sorry
orange ii 4G 4G looks like a dead possum
don't think opossums are colorful oh
yeah like him alright so what you do is
you pick up the unstuffed bear yep
no don't pull on that that's how they do
it they tie it up for you after you
stuff them so we're on our way to
baseball hey
meaning don't you wake her
is Bob what is yours
she was awake that whole time
they woke you up were you faking what he
was really asleep and they were messing
with you naturally do every time hey
doll we do this we've done a baseball
player Annie
that brings feel good
hoping weather holds off we got the
canopy up just in case taking cover did
it come off
come here I'll help you oh you don't
want to wear it right now cuz you broke
it
oh my hard work it's got a real catch it
on yeah that's great the wind's blowing
okay so now it's time for the question
today if you are a girl then the
question today is what what what what is
the what is better of being a boy than
being a girl here oh boy it is we
opposite of that
all right since we're girls you're gonna
answer the first one I said okay boy one
nothing there is nothing better playin
with you and there's a goal order boy
there's stronger
but girls are flexible that's like me
this is like me don't forget to comment
down below you wanna know what today is
per girl
it's what's better being a boy and I'm a
girl for a voice of opposite effect bye
bye see you tomorrow thanks for watching
Brit Ailee
