in time for what tell me so you know how
I was in my room getting dressed because
we just were outside doing the
trampoline wet thingy and I was changing
my clothes
and I saw links motionless like it told
you and we rushed him to the vet at the
same time that my dad was going to the
airplane and so we rushed him to the vet
like it just said and we found out that
he had cancer and it was very bad my mom
said and um it was bit too big spots
right here and right here
and have one right here I think and um
and the sad news is that he didn't make
it through the night so we get to really
say goodbye to him so we didn't know he
was sick because sometimes cat do that
because they don't want other animals
knowing that they're hurt because they
will prey on the cat or links for real
example and so when he finally showed it
it was a little too late that's what the
doctor told us he said that um it ah
hey hi they hide out illness really well
so we took look so lights flashing
you're there so we took the day really
easy and so why Annie isn't here is
because two reasons one she's in the
bath and two um she didn't want to tell
the story because she was a little too
sad and
so I said I would tell the story so
that's really going to be it for this
video today sar and it's short but
that's really all we could do we didn't
really film a bunch because we were sad
but I'm going
you
I'd rather know we got bracelets you can
see this but my head upside down um it
says portail early on it and they're
free if you like it's not working this
is really hard on this camera like
really really hard it's a great look
bracelet with blue writing on it and if
you're going to Florida if you're coming
to the meet-and-greet in Ocean City
Maryland or in the meat and green
Orlando Florida then and you say hi
we'll give you these bracelets or one of
them and so we already actually gave
some away we get to weigh um to these
person people that we saw that know they
noticed us at the mall and their names
are Parker and Noel no Carson no well
and Carson yeah right
and on a better note another one and so
there are two brighter notes and one
negative three
still the dog um and so we went to see a
movie
um focus what was it called
monsters University which is a very good
movie I've got to sit in sway but it's
the first one that they made we were
trying to get our minds off of links and
that's where we met
Carson in know well and so I'm going to
say goodbye because now I am going to
sleep and play Minecraft in my sleep if
that makes sense to you all so goodbye
and good night
