today I'm Bailey hi guys this is our
handshake
I just nice um good morning I have a
little life hack okay I'm a little life
hack so I didn't want to curl my hair
down so I just put it in my bra strap
and hopefully it's gonna curl I kind of
saw it on like Instagram why I'm not a
life hack but we'll figure we'll see if
it works I think I'm gonna do a video
like if like some hot life axe actually
work or not yeah okay well we'll see the
difference here Haley hold on yeah no
other girl I have green on right now oh
then you're good then why are you
freaking out glue Amy no glue there
isn't any we remembered a day I got
yesterday like only two days ago
I'm wearing green but not on purpose
like that was not on purpose
there's a green light Annie
I agree but we're in such a rush - I
will you know how hard they pitch and of
course they passion having to be on a
set day everybody's there Indian is not
gonna be wearing green he's gonna be
like red I'm totally gonna bring these
I'm totally gonna just hold up all day
all day I'm where he said don't pinch me
wait we shouldn't like get grass can we
get back that's a good title don't pinch
me positive let me tell him let me say
punk I would say that I know I didn't
say that though I know I gotta put my
shoes on so we'll see you later okay we
just arrived a set and we just realized
because we are at home with daddy oh
right now that he posted we knew it was
coming up today but music video little
things
oh right now click that link an e show
where the link is it's around here I'll
just yeah it's about in that area and
it's dark but it'll do it we got to go
cuz we are late go watch it and she said
she was going to put her shoes on but
she didn't totally go swipe go do a
swipe up hurry but we're gonna tie them
now because why not it is a beautiful
day out like I like I want to be outside
like I am I know I'm outside I know I'm
outside but I mean I don't want to go in
this is amazing like I love LA weather
and we have not had good la weather
lately this is it this is what I love
all right here we go let's go do some
chicken girls yeah don't forget the
bottle caps jeez you have green this is
pretty good this is pretty good
I actually do me any good I don't have
any green yeah cuz Annie's wardrobe
consists of black gray white beige a
little yellow and a little red every
once in a while thanks what's your name
Olivia okay I'm here with Olivia and um
the hey hold the camera no we're here
and we're gonna watch them we probably
shouldn't be in here because they're
shooting like that how are we supposed
to get them re-elected on the stage so I
can't show you where we're shooting
itself behind the scenes he likes your
shirt cuz it's purple I love I know I
know it's just so beautiful he just had
last looks which is where his hair and
makeup comes in and just make sure
they're looking camera-ready
right these two are like best friends
like playing a game it was more than a
game I was Haley can't touch the ground
and Carson has to carry her everywhere
carrying her for like for out yeah an
hour maybe and she can't touch the
ground but apparently touch the ground
video to hear back to you man yeah
what's it's contacting your phone would
you name a man on your phone all right
they're filming and we're waiting for
them to rap look how cool it looks out
here you call your fans cute it's so
close okay close it rides with Ameren I
would have made that with a real
bathroom he actually knows how to ball
though okay these two just can't can't
can't get enough of each other okay
let's see it guys our handshake
presented
yes I didn't the first time I saw I was
like what rock oh shoot I got it I get
it I get manis cleaning yeah that's
amazing
we're gonna order some food as birth
food I don't want that they're getting
they're getting thin crust I like stuff
trust no it's fine
no because then I'm gonna have to wait
and I'm starving you please don't take
it out of the trash
on pizza and this is what they give to
me I'll be talking about from zero you
know I'm just not okay
and then we get this
that's just a disappointment people are
having like a party under a do you hear
that listen I hear it almost every night
horrible it's like shaky all right can't
find Amy's phone and I think Carla and
we think like phones in the car we're
gonna do Find My iPhone but I think it
is - I bet it about we have to go back
and get it but we're gonna do a question
of the day we got checkers today oh no
weirdos clean-cut afford kid card game
board game bolt we'll count it - clue
just like um I don't place that on your
face hmm yeah I don't hear it it's in
the car so we're going to bed pickup
it's such an early call time Annie does
Haley and I are not on the conforto
Haley's not filming um okay so like
literally I think leave together look
little day at corsage board game bye
guys we're just gonna declare gonna go
to bed remember to celebrate life
babe
thanks for watching
Britt Ailey
