today I'm Bailey did you really forget
the cookies though oh good
those two are riding on my wind or my
back window
what all right good morning everybody
we are loading up to go to another day
on set
Hayley and Paige will be here later I
got rush woke up early to come with us
yeah yeah yeah yeah all right so let's
get the day started
Monday morning quote with rush I will
flow around oh you're gonna quote run
okay it's not the way no I don't know it
okay already forgotten at the quote it's
not how far the distance is that you
want it's how good you look while you
walk that distance yes and how we got to
this quote was because we were told we
hook all the way across campus and I cuz
they changed where hair and makeup was
and I said at least I looked right word
we don't actually know where we're going
I just good rush-rush knows where we're
going so we're going to the gymnasium
yeah he told us how to get to the
parking lot and now he's telling us how
to get to the gymnasium is that our
crash services are you stealing from
another set
but is that ours that brat chick okay
good
just making sure there's other people
filming on this place um I don't want to
steal from another I had a leftover
things I'm trying Cal mains okay I don't
think they put poison ivy in there I
feel like if it was poison ivy at one
time they would tear it up there's
poison Annie live long well just what
poison ivy animal Oh boys and I don't
poison ivy hurts people at our school we
don't want any publicity here are you
are you famous
Tammy yes I asked her and she said she
doesn't feel famous I don't feel famous
that's because I'm not you're famous to
us where I was really weird
yeah plug plug plug about it when you go
back to the car you better do a monitor
you know what seriously
but yeah so pretty much what's weird
about me it's uncomfortable to every kid
in the world whoa hey so I'm an uncle to
everyone even in China yes you little
boy watching this oh and you girl and
you hey Molly
weenie new Hey hey John hey Haley
hey Haley all the Haley I'm Annie are we
walking into the right way or are we
just aimlessly walking it doesn't see
now Hayden won't feel jealous because
I'm your uncle and we're relative okay
where are we going you are you making
that up brush are we walking in the
right direction or did you forget you're
leading us geez geez this is what I deal
with hey that's what I'm being led by
rush I don't have a map Brooke start
doing some exercises you work Hayden's
tired today
everybody's grouchy get Brookes not no
look at Brooke see you later Annie Annie
being called to set
dance on out of here she's doing it for
the vlog now
might as well be public hey Greg no
one's having a good day I was having a
great day hey hey Hayden grouchy tired
tired oh yeah I didn't even realize
messed it up people mess it up any got
any news for me
are you rap you're right I'm not
disappointed I'm editing I've been
trying to hustle this video for five
days okay so we yes yeah that's kind of
sad
so yeah Katie I'm gonna be the little
narrator and you listen what are you
doing what are you doing now you're
putting this charger in this okay okay
I'm done Billie's gonna love us when he
had it
it's bad we're getting they'll know it's
like it's an awkward no I'm just saying
we've been here too long oh yeah we're
just done we've been here just 8:15 this
morning now you haven't been yeah my
natural time central and we have no food
in the house and did we wash the sheets
do we watch them wash them when I yeah
but look I think we're putting her in
the downstairs bedroom is she oh you are
not like yes or no well we'll just
probably wash off my money yeah because
you know that's the kids drool oh you
mind you my nanny and Haley drool they
eat in the bed there could be crumbs in
the bed why you let them die you letting
them eat in the boom and he says she's
wanted literally Haley's wrap with that
project she has particular project she's
been working on that's separate from
chicken girls
it's another show don't say it yet we'll
say it soon she's so she's not right for
chicken girls yet people can probably
guess so they should probably guess in
the comments don't you think and someone
else is hiding back there too hey now I
can't see anybody cause the lights are
out but that's okay because we are tired
and we're gonna go find something to eat
and we'll see you guys oh oh just like
your father
he always like when I'm filming he's
always my lighting guy I don't know
where your phone is that's not my phone
we're gonna go eat real quick so we'll
be back
at dinner completes Haley's taking some
to go she's invented fries and ketchup
she didn't really invent that but isn't
it cute don't you drink all right guys
guess where Paige is going to choose not
that's how rumors get started you know
why we're getting do you know why we're
getting cookies does look goes ear with
us they spoil Mama's here mommy loves me
I know wrong I do love you I do love you
but you're not getting acrylic now
yes we're all gonna go get her acrylic
nails when she's 32 when you're 32 no
one go in the street we're practicing
hair styles and then you can rock your
hair oh that was sideways you're trying
a messy button is that what we're trying
we've mastered the fishtail sure we've
learned let's say learned we've learned
a fishtail I don't know page went to go
get cookies or stuff to make cookies
you're doing a bun or a messy button I'm
just doing a little circle on top of her
head
a unicorn was that a bobby pin nothing
you has a nasty messy one an ugly messy
house that's definitely something
different if Sarah flopping okay I'll
braid now back to the machine
probably something we're teaching Hayden
that you had the brush from the bottom
here take it out a little bit there you
go take it all the way up and come from
the bottom so that you don't take all
the tangles that are up here down yep
and now you can move up a little now
it's all straight Oh yup there you go
no look like cousin it
what was that was it like some magical
hair brushing chilled right there she
whooped her do something cuz I wanted
that on my face okay this is stressful
this takes a lot of concentration are
you doing a fishtail or a braid it's a
three okay alright so we're watching a
movie out here Haley didn't want to
watch it so she's in there
Paige is getting cookies moms in the
shower we are living life doing hair
watching movies we're gonna eat cookies
and pies oh sure after he braids okay
what you love it okay you're gonna be
addicted okay there's a couple of them
all right um we'll be back with a
question of the day later when we're
eating cookies probably Oh Paige is
getting the cookies she should be back
any minute and then we'll fix the
cookies and then I'm gonna take Hayden
home when he's tangled like that he's
got a whole time well it's not brushed
and so it's a little not smooth but the
braids good mama mama like I say mom
he's braiding he's missed my beautiful
sister yeah he's pretty amazing at hair
he's gonna be Michael O'Rourke one day
yeah
she did what she did it I didn't do
anything
hey no you do it no you did it did you
really forget the cookie she's kidding
right
did you really forget the cookies though
yay she whatever yeah you are look at
all the pancakes
that's what page you want to watch it
with her when you're done alright we're
gonna eat cookies into a question of the
day
coming soon stay tuned yeah I remember
when the house was clean so what's about
to happen Katie he's gonna do no I ain't
gonna do anything right yeah I'm the
makeup artist you don't even want me to
sleep here you don't even want me to
sleep here no you already told me you
didn't want me in here
no not for me to page because I love you
so much and when you make jokes it hurts
my heart that is promised okay these two
are setting up we're gonna film it just
in case it's cute but they're really
just doing this for fun
cookies are almost ready I just tasted
it does it taste like grape trying to
taste like strawberry you're probably
ready you don't have some makeup that's
good um there's um
Travis's house a new eight makeup and uh
yeah I'll Bama said eat this and I taste
it and it tasted like cupcakes or
something like that
maybe it was really was food and it just
looked like makeup no it was like yeah
it was like I shadows edible I'm hoping
it we can you can like you smell good
but it tastes like an elegy or something
yeah it was actually good did they Punk
you I don't know all right hey let's in
the video so we can so I don't forget
what is your favorite makeup piece of
makeup and like mascara blush I'm going
with mascara highlighter what's your
favorite mascara mascara Paige huh
highlighter what's your favorite pay
them you can draw the black line
eyeliner I like it like it yeah what is
it girl scientists Cass and she goes how
do you know whether she instigated Chris
Butler she writes a loser and he calls
it out they mention it a V oh my gosh
lover
all right my friends maybe there's gonna
be a video on one of their channels
about this makeup but in the meantime
just comment down below your favorite
makeup product that's a lipstick not
like brand that's lipstick no that's not
lipstick
no idea well we can use bye guys see you
tomorrow
always remember to celebrate babe thanks
for watching Vitaliy
