today I'm Batali what are you gonna do
when we make it a year yeah she wants to
watch TV
Caleb wants to celebrate I watch show
she menu uh this one's mine
it's a little blue fluffy thing and this
one's purple nothing go bigger meathead
now you can hang it up in your room
so where's it around the house and my
board a board board and we don't have
anything to do except for later on in
the day mommy and daddy going out to
dinner and me and Haley are going to
Olivia's house and shield Sue and her
parents are going to watch all of us
while they're at dinner and we were very
bored but now we finally thought of
something to film and do we haven't
straightened hair his hair no long time
so we're gonna straighten out here I
miss so much straight but not that
straight so we're just gonna straighten
our hair and mom's gonna come back with
glasses I have a big lesson zoom none of
to moles from house to Molly's in the
house that wasn't think and which one's
the real one
you all right who's first all right
let's go my hands done and I'll mom he's
brushing his head out to get it ready
her hair does not like being straight no
it doesn't takes about like maybe 30 30
to 35 minutes to do her let's do this
the first thing that Mommy does is put
it some down and some up clips on up and
then straightens about Oh falling just
rip we put your hand off Chanda and look
at me look at me there's okay watch on
my chin screams watch how much is I know
I put enough up oh my god you keep one
eye light in your life all right this is
going and face forward come on you can
do it
mom is about halfway done and look at
the difference
just type straight misprints curly all
right state which one do I like both I
really really like her curls oh I am
going turn around let's sit let's get in
super long we had idea Bree we're done
we're out here and your idea and move
taking do I'll be getting good pictures
we let you do them what equipment
you
you
you
so me and mommy and Hayley were just
outside taking pictures for about an
hour and we got a lot of good ones oh
hopefully we can post it up on this
video and they're really really fun to
take it was really fun we we got some
really good funds I think they were
really pretty so I hope you guys can see
them
and you can see I'm wearing mommy's hat
so we're about to go to Olivia's house
yeah about to go to Olivia's house went
and mommy and daddy are going out to
dinner this hot is way too big for me
hi surprise surprise andis filming me
right now but it is over at my house
because her parents wanted her out on
some special night and so and I'm going
on a cruise ship tomorrow so we're
packing my clothes and then we're gonna
paint and then we're going to like my
mom's gonna hunt our toenails make it
but mine aren't way better
hey so right now we were at Olivia's
house like she said and we're about to
go outside on the channel cream mmm
yucky good tastes like paint
oh yeah but ten nine eight seven six
five four three two one zero pi by L
isn't hello we just got home from
Olivia's house whatever you want to call
it Brody's house oh hi it's how's Haley
Wyatt me Brody
auntie Olivia no I just found out today
their families too
we took even ours leave two boys and one
girl we have two girls on homeboy and so
the question of the day is we wanted I
like that ribbon we want to do another
frequently asked we want to do another
frequently asked question video so this
videos posted comment down below on what
questions you want to ask us don't make
it inappropriate because me and Annie
leave these comments and I will punch
you in the nose and so okay don't forget
to comment down below your appropriate
frequently asked questions down below
because for a next shoutout video wait
and give some shout outs to people that
asks these frequently asked questions
and we wish we could give you a shout
out to all of you but we're just gonna
randomly picks up why are you yelling oh
can we stop now
clean out hey quit giggling over there
you're not helping Quigley now he thinks
he's funny
are you ready for the movie okay it's
baby on the TV picture oh that's so cute
Caleb the one next to the grandma I mean
the awesome grandma oh oh
who's that girl in front hurry jack is
ugly hey love
I love you and your back is ugly Oh
Superboy what half their school I'll
better look at it
Oh Justin something funny alright
anyways I got distracted okay so guys
we'll see you tomorrow and the next
after that and then exhale oh oh
speaking of which guess what what Annie
Haley come here sit down and get ready
for this announcement this is exciting
news you will have a smile on your baby
alright okay the big announcement is we
are less than a month away from doing a
video every day for a year
oh yeah yep a year we started on July
21st
so the countdowns begun what are you
gonna do when we make it a year yeah she
wants to watch TV Caleb wants to
celebrate
because the spider didn't work
ah
