in time for what Amy hey guys come on in
so I'm gonna give you guys a little room
tour because a lot of you have been
asking but that's not the reason why
we've been direct what I want to do a
room tour because we just got my room
done because we just moved here you
remember when we just moved here so we
didn't hang stuff so yesterday we hung
everything and got everything done and
the day before that I told you tomorrow
I would show you but we didn't get done
tomorrow was like 11 o'clock at night so
now I'm gonna give you a room tour it's
not gonna we're not doing a shout out
because a lot of you guys have been
asking us to do a room tour so there's
just so many we couldn't choose a shout
out every single one
so when you first walk into my room I
have a full mix mirror so after I get
dressed I take a little peek to see if I
match and so that's the first one and
which we just said we put a little mommy
painted this
she put stickers but it really does look
like she painted it but she's not that
good so we have peace signs I think my
favorite and mommy could agree with this
was the birds I like this one and this
was the first sticker we ever put on
piece plus knob and then my dad I like I
like my own how the cover with this
matches pretty well they also like my
owl in my piece side
and in some spots like this bird I think
it's just like this part and this part
and maybe over there and it's soft like
it's little bit fluffy like mommy
hey I'm filling in for Caleb but really
this one really reminds me of my body
it's very close to the same material so
moving on I love my link because in some
movies they lay down and they go
a few other things that are usually on
my neck in our my diary Wendy could book
whichever would I'm on and so far this
one I'm on and I have some bookmarks I
also always have my alarm clock and I
usually have my phone or my iPod right
now I have this little buddy he goes
this is something magnet I lost my other
thing so I found a barrette so tried it
mommy told me maybe you can protect my
little buddy magnet good up there I have
more massive and I have a bunch of
dinners so they're just right above my
head and I've had that one what is it
called the net thing I've had that net
to put something else in for a while I
had it when we were still at my old
house and we never hung it up so we hung
it up here so and then we have a little
bit more stickers on that a we hung that
up too
there's a lot of things that we hadn't
hung God and I also have my shelf up
with this little china doll that my
grandma my Papa gave I also have a
trophy and my earring
please now I still have my guitar here
I'm getting really good
here are my folders another thing I keep
up here is my scrunchies because I have
to wear one for gymnastics on my left
foot because I'm a lefty
my coach wants me to make where Express
me so they can easily tell what like
foot we are here's one of my American
girdles but her hair is very messy and
my cousin may have seen it before
wishing everyone well my cousin her name
is Johanna she was probably on one of
our videos she gave me this a long long
time ago and I just
hum a few of my finger and then I have
that thing with my last birdie I got a
lot of things up on my shelf you can
take a look around there's a pig in
these trophies and then I'd be throwing
up dolls at my other grandma gave me
gives me so every year and then I have
my doll with a little stinging thing
that's really pretty good swirls I have
another a tiny American Girl it's not
really an American Girl doll and I have
some stickers daddy went to Norway and I
gave me a picture frame and my Hollywood
sign
alright moving on I have some metals
hanging up from all my meats they got a
little butterflies they're very
breakable that's by their home up so
high so Haley Cambridge and my here is
my jewelry section so my favorite
probably is a mustache one and earrings
hi bracelets and necklaces and here is
my desk and a picture of me and Caleb
right there um someone sent me this in
the mail it's a little Annie figurine
but I lost my foot then I have this
little diamond but I haven't got a
password of it then I always changes a
lot for some reason this is really my
drawing area I notepads pencils I
perfume I have all of that stuff I have
candy I can or opens up and I have some
things in here I have like a parameter
eye pencils I shelves and a bunch of
stuff in there okay on this wall I have
some gymnastics
and I have one for setting the new
record on bars the score with my ninety
and my other plot was and level four I
got most valuable but I have no idea
what that means
hmm and then I have some more stickers
with the body on this wall and I made
this if mommy at school and then I have
is really cool artwork first it says a
and and I you Annie
f a and zy fancy a h o RS d fourth
aw e som e awesome and I didn't even I
didn't need to spell that I did not mean
to stall that or fancy a and and I eat
Annie oh yeah hi H I then I have some
peace signs up there my favorite is that
line one wasn't and then up here are
some of my trophies I some turtles the
bird and I also have two penny Ling's
with a diamond in a book so anything
else I missed I can't see this is my
shorts this is tank top what is my socks
this is a shirt jean-georges that's a
three person this is
this is just a drama door this is my
bathing suit my sweatpants and my
leotard
here is my closet I have clothes and I
have shoot a shoe rascals Amish me and
down here I have a sewing machine and my
American girdle kit with all the clothes
and the beams out all of that and then
my other love it
I have dresses and jacket twists more
shoes and then I have like sleep over
bags at their all my purses and stuff
then I my books and my laundry basket
with some please and that's my dresser
is my other shoe here's sage and here's
Caroline they're both eating my Monday
they're both eating the same thing for
dessert they have ice cream this is
lasagna this is some kind of bread for
an appetizer and this is the drink they
have their cups like this this is the
pepper that's the oil then this is the
salt and when you come over here next
for it other side of my dresser I have
this rack versus princess with all of my
other purses knives a hat and all my
bags an umbrella and I have my weight
and this other thing to exercise whether
it's question so I hope you enjoyed my
room tour because when Haley's and
Caleb's are clean and everything's hung
up and I hope you enjoy share theirs too
yeah so Caleb isn't here but we got two
big announcements one is that of our
bratayley website is out is brutally
calm it will be a lot of fun there's all
these announcements and videos there
will be lots of fun should go and check
it out
the second thing is that since I meet
and greet with so everybody wanted to
come and there's a saying that they
wanted to meet us they're coming to meet
us they were so excited we decided to do
another meet and greet we decided to
that we were going to Ocean City
Maryland on Wednesday July 17 at 4:00
p.m. so we will be on the boardwalk in
front of the haunted haunted house video
this shout out well we were checking on
me and yeah and we found this
and it is by Aaron from England so it's
very cool and it vibrates with midget
makes it one and if you go so weird and
it's a cockroach mommy doesn't like
yeah it feels weird
every day every single potato baked
potato baby
ah
