today I'm bikini I'll give you five
bucks if you shove your face of that ice
cream cone right now one two three go hi
for Haley today's plan is to the
swimming pool today is a real day of
summer because last last time it was our
weekend even if it wasn't summer we
would still not a vegetable but today
their first real day in summer because
if it wasn't summer even tab we would
have school today so taking that break
off cailed going to Luke's house and the
girls are going to the pool with Olivia
me and Haley are wearing sunglasses
because it's very sunny out minor kind
of Keys fun
Haley's but you can't put sunglasses on
put their sunglasses on you put your son
watching Haley's are darker than mine
and they have sparkles
I'm spending the night at look so I'll
see you later bye don't forgot over here
are you going back in
doing the swim cap such a good on the
side
she had to swim across the pool and
Jessa tread water for two minutes to go
down those slides over there is treading
water right now no he has to make sure
that she doesn't drown in a pool if you
can't touch the two minutes you've got
to keep her head up for three minutes
Annie's getting ready to come down which
one she come in
I take it you pass the test you pass the
test
yeah you pass the test
successfully
you did amazing she said hey you know we
brought towels for that right what are
you doing what are you doing that's how
we dry off did you have fun I don't know
- the trap like a rash hey guys I've got
to go return your fans if you get to
keep oh I learn something new every day
I've seen every second every second of
every day they have these bracelets so
they know that they passed the swimming
test next time so they can just go down
the slide without having to test again
pink
was it this is Annie I think we were on
our way the Disney World last time and
you were crying cuz it was a mom in the
car with us
this is that get it in eight cameras got
it
didn't get it got it if it got you at
Costco and I was looking at some
pictures and I found this video of me
and we were going to Disney right and I
was crying my head off
so we'll post it later me crying I was
like four years old or something and I
was dad with mom
we don't bite we don't bite our kitty
car well our keiki feel like we don't
know on our kitty they don't know if
that is all we don't know in our kitchen
on our kitty
we don't bite our sisters I like to get
me there
she's like oh I guess wha what you eat
oh you are what you eat so tonight for
pizza Oh mommy's always spits out true
story
oh no she's lonely zipper readin Oh
Breda blue Chipotle burrito is true to
come across between Scaglione Mexico me
get your I call a producer okay you just
so perfect
can film it she fell in here once since
stop biting your sister
we should leave early not on the tape
okay stop following once in there to let
you down okay won't have to find that
video po1 we're sitting over there
sittin over there
oh yeah that's right and she falls
sitting because that's what goofball
I thought you said I made a cheer
you made a chair let me see if setting
up chairs you're throwing are you the
princess for cosmetologist apprentice
that boy the princess caught a Costco
after a dodgy Oh princess at Costco
all hail the princess of Costco with the
hiccups
she'll hop bow down to her she's got a
horse no she does little words but she's
not a horse just a weird kid on the
floor that's all dead what
well let's be here you never beat a dead
horse
come on dead horse
come on here you go bye I don't think
all this we're gonna fit in the car just
want to leave the girls here
I guess you're staying at Costco because
we don't have enough room in the car for
you what are you speaking English no so
we stopped on the way home to get some
ice cream in it from pasta pasta and
mommy and daddy are unloading big boxes
of stuff that we got because we got a
lot of stuff and they're so because
costos sells all my gosh so Hayley I got
this ice cream with a little cover of
chocolate and it's a hard shell and I
got a vanilla ice cream with fudge mmm
really good
what a mess your cone is it's all over
your hands oh my goodness you are going
straight to the bath I'll give you five
bucks if you shove your face of that ice
cream cone right now one two three go
what that wasn't a show huh no the deal
was for her all over your face I did it
you're crazy
if Paley can shove that in your face
I'll give you five bucks no Haley it's
good trip in your eyes
you guys I got to go take a bath I can
tell you're cold you don't get my book
she did she did it you guys are cuckoo
crazy are you done with this can I throw
this in the trash
yeah bucks look that's what she did did
this ice cream cone that's it that's all
she ate you still enjoying yours if I
smashes in your face I'll give you five
bucks I gave him Caroline books yeah
she's getting five bucks she did it I
can't die
No No Deal all right are you done could
you go straight to the bath after this
I'm gonna go throw this away
no it's dripping all over me and Haley's
ready to go get in the bath hmm oh you
Haley you gotta wash your hair anyways
just plugging her nose you what almost
pushed to a screen basil can I make you
a conehead come here I make you a
conehead
I just put it on top of you on top of
your head pick a cone ready baked potato
