today I'm Bailey and now you may have a
cookie cookie pie for what Kaylee so
here's the scoop of the day daddy and
Kayla have already went to baseball and
today's Father's Day so today we no one
said happy Father's Day to Daddy so she
might think that we forgot so right now
we are about to go to get him something
because she probably thinks that no one
remembered it was Father's Day so really
Alberto he is hopefully will make it to
them all because mom wants to be there
on time to watch the Kayla's two games
today she wants to please watch wine so
for what you're saying if we can fit in
dick getting daddy something and so me
and Hayley just in case you in the
picture this is mine - happy Father's
Day
dun dun dun and then this is my other
side door awesome
Isis Hayley's I'm guessing that's me
that's mommy left daddy hats Hayley
upset - all right so that's Hayley the
purple one that's daddy
Caleb that's mommy and me that's mommy
that's Caleb that's hey peps daddy and
that's me you on the back so right now
at the gas station because we were
almost out and we wouldn't be able to
make it to baseball will be boy but it
would be a very close one and we
probably would not be able to make it
back to dusters we were able to get
daddy a father Father's Day present what
we got him was a shaving kit we have it
was really really good one and it had a
razor it had a brush had the lotion
thing to put aren't and we got lavender
it's not really good and I picked it out
I also wanted up mommy asks me what
brush would be good for daddy and razor
and I found the most expensive one but
she didn't get that one she got a um
tannish color yellow Oh
huh why are you honking the horn Hayley
put that horn honking hey sit down
oh no who was honking they weren't
honking at us though I'm not under
anything except pumping gas so we don't
have a mirror and I was gonna show you
how to watch my cheat day
you look like they're like rotting out
of your mouth what are you I just a and
so you can and it was orange other was
purple please kidding
yeah I gotta turn it off so you can see
so they look worse than you thought is
that embarrassing
yeah they're they're orange like it
they're not in the front very much they
are a little orange on the bed my actual
a game to Annie are we gonna make it is
the rain gonna hold out lease are a
little canopy will sir will protect us I
don't know this games are these games
are running really late we have plans to
go to but the games are be very slow
might be wings so we might be late to go
to velvet grandma's house mommy says
that there might not they might not even
be there when you get yep they may be
done for the day and I don't know if
it's supposed to rain it's been
wrinkling all day you guys probably
haven't felt it cuz you're under the
canopy
it's C is I love it you don't why
then get out get out get out you like it
will not move me one inch from this you
don't like that so get out no J minute
hey Nicole look at my tan lines
yeah my feet are wasting no not
disgusting it's just white where I would
wear on my face did you give me the
equipment and all the way off I could
get you off up here like king of the
blanket yeah my feet yeah hey get a bug
in my off
you
and now you may have a good
database by database
