today really big it's huge
Folie bed oh then that's not a good seat
if you can't see the tea well it's not
really gonna work you know why there's
not a seat belt
I bug bite every week and there's no
wind blowing stick my tongue out there's
no more brains okay so now I'm gonna get
on top of the pot so we're a baseball
practice and the car is very very hot
see little feetsies I see little legs
they see a reflection behind you in the
car next to us I see you I see you Annie
that's what I used to do to you and
you're a little baby
here's a giggle ha ha ha that's so funny
I'm so hot a bug bite em well when I
said hey Annie do you want to go with
Daddy and Caleb to baseball and you said
yeah maybe you should have said man
let's just stay home dad to Tom who was
gonna watch you know can't Pham by
herself
I'm 13 he was over Haley I wait a long
time should be forever conversation by I
forget um and I said what wouldn't you
do it
I mean have a 13 she used to talk about
that like a year ago she would always
talk about when she was 13
she's fun daddy that playing with a boy
right now there's a little boy open
there's Haley
I don't know who the little boy is he
gonna be killed Abby she's kidnapped
he's her hero that's why it wasn't gonna
stay her she was doing the car when that
happened I was jumping on daddy
and I saw a bee in his hand
okay so right now we are home from
baseball and we are having a cool
evening party as mommy calls it really
what a cleaning party is is that you go
around having fun cleaning stuff and
until the house is clean you don't get
to do something you're in this you know
that whatever weirdo Pat is coming on
some really not a party
mommy just says that to make it sound
fun so right now pretty much mister
pretty much the living room is cleaned
but not much cuz we've only been going
for about 10 minutes so I did the
couches I'm awesome and I did a bunch of
stuff else and so I'm very hungry so I
renewed a snack and some wish me good
luck okay every we have a really big
enough big it's huge
bigger than Amy's face impossible I'm a
few weeks ago we told you that we were
willing to disappear today okay it's
there Disney World I called you a lot
Disneyland the land and Disney fruit of
the world good ones in California in
ones in Florida yeah so today we will be
announcing the date for a little
meet-and-greet to silly is it me or is
it great
both what flavors of meat meat you know
here's our meat I love hot easy yeah
okay so we will be in downtown wait we
will be in downtown Disney not ready not
this paper because there's a lot of
information
my face is ready so we will be in
Downtown Disney in front of the video
store do you think people will know that
I'm behind you know I know the good
disguise isn't it yes we'll be there is
Sunday July 24 P okay and so if you're
in the area or happen to be around there
you guys like you live there maybe a
hotel or something yeah you should
definitely drop I'd say he or ha
whatever one you say he was the he and
some people say hi because the he's in
here gonna hide hi
look and just for your information
Downtown Disney is free you don't need a
ticket then why did I borrow these
tickets for Downtown Disney
I've stopped ripped off this is a
Florida so if you're in the area
and you want to come by and meet and
meet us and I'm not me it's not me guys
I know I just found that out it's
actually the meet as ingredie somebody
it's like really dumb I mean this should
only be one mean it's called the eating
meat it should be great I mean like who
would come over this dumb word called
meat I forgot what we were talking about
what he's trying to say is if you plan
on stopping by and you're in the area
then please send us a personal message I
bought I don't know caleb is you know
Caleb it I never met Caleb in my life
we're never gonna do a back oh really
good actually
first day of summer vacation and we'll
play us out of the trampoline the
question of the day is have you ever had
a dream that you've had a bunch of times
and it just keeps coming
my answer is yes it wasn't I'm he loved
my cousin on my other car okay yeah it
was about a wolf and and we were in this
they are all inside bouncing that we we
had um we had um Boris one sweet onion
and every five seconds ever go and you
see that wolf and get you would start
freaking out and then I went home one
day and over that a wolf was chasing me
and bit my finger
we haven't of it we ever had a scary
dream I mean when I sleep on the couch
never live on your own but was there a
dragon it was when I was very young I
remember it fizzle is very halo do you
have it oh and then Monica and
I'm gonna eat you out of the flat out
and then I think I put them in that tree
then I put them on the neighbor's yard I
make them and then I will put another
one in and then I will eat my own but
then diving mate what do you mean and
then this isn't supposed to be a dream
all right no no no no no don't think
it's calm down love you another that is
have you got a dream that repeated
repeated and repeated and then went in
anyway and you went so see you tomorrow
movie we're about to watch the movie so
just saying I have never watched a movie
movie before but I think it's a really
cool movie said go and check the movie
out it is called just for a reminder
what's it called it's called the escape
from Planet Earth
something like that and I will have a
new series called write that movie every
Saturday first movie and I will write it
from 1 to 10 if do you guys want to join
you can and as if you guys I need any
brats we Haley okay well no we'll see
you after the movie No
baekpa database
