today I'm Bailey puppy a weary soul to
rest
yeah I will try to do my best to keep
you safe inside this testing the gravity
- hearth
I'd buy juice
it's more clear when it's more cloudy
everything
but summers gonna kill me burn the
stormy cloud
okay you got it Aiden and you know how
old he is Annie you want to remind
everybody whose baby that is when you
try to give him again if he pushes out
again then he wanted to burn his hands
come look at you you're awake oh and now
we're just gonna go back to sleep he's
kind of boring that's why it still
Daniel he does right now is sleep eat
pee poop and cry he could smile a little
bit I did see him smile he did smiling
asleep earlier and you guy make sure
that the bottles up so that he doesn't
expect any air gonna get you to smile
and laugh like you were there you go we
all got our baby voices on cuz that's
what you do around a baby I'll get the
baby voices yeah you didn't know that
we got see if Annie has a baby voice
when she talks though Milan when you
doing big yawn
who do you think he looks like you think
he looks like his mama yeah you would oq
Adam Scott tell somebody when you're
ready to not hold him anymore
see glad your belly deep we get manga
those are annoying aren't they
they go way hiccups do you want your
bottle back you made room for more Danny
plug oh now he looks cozy yeah you gotta
do your baby voice you have to interact
with him then he smell cute right
like a good boy I can pee in there and
you stick your tongue out of him just
wait just wait Annie when you teach him
that you're gonna be like oops
mmm-hmm
we're just gonna have a lot of Aiden
footage aren't we we're gonna have lots
of baby Aiden get out of here it's my
nose I see it look he's got eyes crossed
right now what's wrong she bugging you
she but he not bugging you what do you
think Haley why are you looking at you
Haley look at the off Haley's face
that's good beau yeah that's the best
chocolate face ever
now he's done with you that's it
nope nope didn't get it all don't open
your mouth
don't open your mouth look anything
friends did that cause it scared him
starting all right and you don't have
chocolate on your face you go smear some
chocolate on your face he'll kiss you
too No
Haley you do remind me a little bit of
Caleb duh I think so I'm had to dig
Caleb's baby pictures out yes I bet I
can find them and we'll compare there
you go good job cleanest yeah I'll tell
me a good job now and next you're gonna
tell me say excuse me say excuse me when
you burn would you quit doing that oh my
goodness Aidan this is attached to my
hand this thing lives in my hands is a
sweet baby isn't he okay what's gonna
teach you how to hide by ready or pound
this teach them to pound know him not
yourself so that's true when I put the
bottle is my yeah well not really so
yeah okay he's tired baby Aidan sleep
master now you're gonna have to sit
there for hours while he takes it down
you got to keep the bottle over now tilt
it up so that it doesn't suck air see it
in the net boy if they make sure there's
always milk in there
I never go into street high again
there we go
I don't think he wants anymore I think
he's done not even a bathing suit
we might be right a minute go kick it
kick the ones that aren't doing anything
all right
maybe Aidan's not allowed to fuss when
Haley holds him that's the rule yeah yes
default is a rule follower I showed a
baby don't cry when Haley hold you
lollipop Mimi's gonna buy really buy him
a lollipop yeah I like that
what is that thing that you have in my
face again and they've got him out and
started holding him yeah all by yourself
yeah don't let that little head bow his
head is it ball he couldn't hold it up
that much do you like him I think you
might come busy
Oh what kind of surprise maybe you sure
he's not gonna give you a surprise
you go change it if he does know who's
gonna change it me
I would I would chain to aid and don't
worry all right
you would you could help me you could
hand me the white okay and wipe the poop
little you think he's gonna cry when we
have to put him back in the car seat
though he's smiling what are you
laughing at Aidan no went over there hey
we're over here are you talking for hey
yes there's that crazy camera again like
crazy cameras I do well you have to hold
them or you can you ready to get yeah
he's okay oh oh and hey it's back to
herself yet puppy he's a good dog got
two different kind of cookies Nani must
really like you
she got you Oreos and chocolate-chip
cookies oh my goodness
drop that probably cuz you're goofy it's
been a very good date meeting Aiden and
family and so now they're leaving huh
but so it's it's been a great day
meeting Aiden and family but it's also
been a very long day and of course today
it's gonna be high low neither and we're
gonna go first because she called it are
you a turd yeah I was trying to help you
out not a turtle a turd no a turd is my
high is that Nani and even then all the
rest of the gang gonna do something
different we're all gonna say our highs
and we're gonna go back to an even do or
looks okay my high is that um Matt oh
it's pretty much the same as an easy now
yeah they're all carrying stuff now and
hit it
what's your high what made you happy
today okay
sit up now go get your brother that does
not help Hyneman
what's your high what made you happy
today hey Milo is that we have tomorrow
Milo is that I couldn't hit the ball is
that make that cut hard she had a
stomach ache at baseball and so now
we're gonna go to bye bye
and Annie's gonna always been like that
we already did our hi you said that Nani
and Aiden were here night and day may
your low is that your stomach was
hurting sit on your trip comment down
below
watching your high your so don't forget
to comment down below cause we have
another question today is hello bye-bye
I see you tomorrow
hello you said I open my mouth just
that's disgusting and hey we hit me in
the stomach with almost no no you're
just saying that so you can get out no
based on baby
