no one wants to see that
good morning my friend those pants are
super cute I'll just wear the shirt that
you've got with it yeah yeah I think
it's great so we are getting ready to go
for another day of filming day like 99
yes I'm and we're all awake and we're
all in great moods no are you in a good
mood yeah are you doing a good mood
yeah so let's see we're in two different
locations again today Paige is getting
an e I'm getting Haley we're dividing
and conquering we are all gonna be in
different places today everybody's check
out your bottomless it goes like this
let's see I know everything is so
secretive nowadays that I don't know
Paige with her glasses up here
everything just I've got to finish my
blog everybody wants to hear me talk
hate has on it today I'll be the change
I got be the change shirt on
it's my like I don't want to get guys
today
okay so secretive I got to get some
footage now and then later and then
hopefully we get a vlog okay what were
you gonna say page all right I gotta
comb this my privilege today of combing
actually it's not that tangley it just
needs to be sprayed down with our
favorite product y'all yeah this if you
have a child who has curly hair or
sticky gel if your child period or have
you gotten sick e gel spray this in it
you don't have to wash it it's hairspray
and the gel so by inez gel and this
together and it's like the perfect combo
alright you spray I'm gonna go find a
brush that big little brush I found the
perfect brush for Haley - it's for thick
hair before you go to the pool to
protect your hair from chlorine and salt
water spray that in your hair it at all
protected it anyone know because
everybody else is taller than her
alright well thanks for joining us this
morning they'll be more so really won't
even though that I can like wrangle
these girls we made it and look who we
found I'm trying not to get those cars
and license plate in there any we made
it we got here super fast we actually
got here like 20 minutes early so we're
gonna just
hangout and she might go in to see if
they're ready to do hair and makeup but
we're gonna start school if not right
we're gonna be responsible because the
teachers not some or I'm trying to be
responsible so yeah this is all you get
to see gray wall well we better hurry
better hurry hurry okay guys your makeup
looks good
can't really see it you feel tired
cuz you look kind of tired you just
splash some water on your face
no put some ice water on your head we're
gonna go get that donut they seem to be
mad well we were a little early when we
pulled up to the place I'm sending her a
picture so I googled somewhere for us to
eat and I found a Krispy Kreme but
they're not hot and ready right now but
maybe they'll turn on the light oh they
are they just turn it right on we get
excited over hot
um hot now donut it says hot now could
we
so we're gonna go to the drive-thru and
then we're gonna we're coming around the
corner alright I guys I just wanted to
update you on our luck
once again actually I didn't know we
were lucky cuz I pulled in and it wasn't
but now we are lucky I hope you're just
unbuckled okay just making sure
hey my friends Haley and mommy here
we're changing locations yes yes
we wrapped how many scenes one what one
scene and one for me yeah they did a
couple for the other cast and now we are
moving to another location to a house
and the day continues I did this
surprise for you and me there we've
never been here and she's eating a bagel
because she was starving and I wonder
what Paige and Annie are doing see those
school days of school days we're signing
time we're set up here outside on this
beautiful day in California in the
backyard of this house that we're
filming at and Haley is gonna do some
school a week of science starting right
now while they're setting up cuz it
takes a while for them to set up she's
so excited look how hot as happy she is
that makeup looks good
all right guys I'm gonna turn this off
so that she can get busy I'm a
distraction most of the time I try not
to be but sometimes I am okay you're
supposed to be reading right now page 60
actually that like you said was
something else so read here starting
here identify the problem the problem is
Haley doesn't want to do school what's
the solution to punch her in the face
until she doesn't it
whose pin are you chewing on huh yours
I don't think though I don't think we
brought of them I feeling we're not
gonna get much done today
look what they're putting out right by
us go get a snack I'm Marian Marian
she's British Australian because I don't
live here two friends and they kind of
use me Michael the camera so close to my
nose no one wants to see that what are
you guys doing nothing we are on set but
what's right now well Ian why the motion
I'm eating my lunch right now
what'd you do with your story time I got
my life and it was really embarrassing
whoa I'm totally fat-free big I'm eating
rice I know did you notice it's probably
dead then probably don't care but looks
like a potato do you know what that
means
okay 15 minutes take a side it's 15th
was vibing mmm five minutes five minute
break break hiccup on needling bad I
only reason I do that is because a full
or half what did I just go get that once
a weed oh I'm over here and Winnie think
it windy yeah
take one of those movies okay yeah yeah
about human thigh
I say goodbye it's too much already all
right so we are wrapped and you're tired
it was a lot today isn't really it was a
long day did you have a secret we are
Rath and he just took her makeup off
such as little red but anyway we just
cut me caught a ride with these crazy
people if you're worried your buckle or
just double buckle no not not anyway yes
anyway so we're gonna go to dinner
because we're all starving from a long
long day coming from the radio down just
a little bit here I'm trying to talk a
little louder than it so what do y'all
feel about today I feel like y'all dick
whose long long yeah I'm tired and it
was hot it was burning so hot so I had
to turn the air off but we didn't just
meet them today though I knew Harvey for
a while Chris Harvey smart is British
British I said shrimp on the barbie like
four time to them we're handsome boy
yeah like a larger there
I know that's wiping clean crisp Emily
no I'm pretty sure he's thinking of his
Australia but he's like no for real I
was born in Australia and my accents not
American crazy we are crazy all right
now you're going to eat and we're going
to be my mom there and sailing and they
had a long day probably 16 I wasn't
pretty when I'll see if everybody's
tired and grumpy all right this is what
you do when you have a long day on set
you order dessert
before your meal right that's what you
do in a long day and Russia is eating
enough to sorry it's still allowed here
what kind did you get
or you
we're still waiting on Katie and Haley
so they're I think their second traffic
but they'll be here soon and you are
just going to enjoy your dessert right
way to start a trend Andy way to start a
trend Hayley and mommy in la Ola
together if you don't we're figuring
this out seriously don't know where to
go
we're meeting hate your hair and a
Democrat why do you call me because it's
just easier to call it that as a group
Nicola we're meeting them Nicole family
Nicole family Brooke and I'm assuming
that together I don't know and we're
going to dinner and relate because we
had traffic there for like five seconds
and then we're gonna come back to her
car we had to find a parking spot and
waffle I was scared in the elevator
course she was so a nanny and he's gonna
be here we haven't seen Annie and Paige
all day they got to hang out all day
together all day we miss them no I'll be
okay so I'm like holding the camera like
that cuz you're short I'm sorry to Joe
to you
even in please
I think it's this way I'm gonna put the
camera down and make sure that we're
walking in the right direction or you
can hold it okay aliment all right you
vlog you vlog it up hey guys I am dying
them not done that's not a wrap
you have two more days I gave two or day
then you might be wrapped I was about to
tell him what's tomorrow look like ham
cuz it's senior enough i ieave infer got
what we're doing tomorrow what are we
doing tomorrow okay good news what we
are walking on the right direction I
thought what's the bad news
no nobody knows hmm usually when you say
have good news that means you have bad
manners Yeah right up in the corner yeah
yes mommy just myself when I freezing
and cold easy
it's right here it's called Urth Caffe
and it was like a long line so they went
ahead and ordered so I think our foods
here and this must be very yummy look at
the line Haley look at the line
well the buzz
I tell you guys did you miss me yeah I
knew it I just knew it oh look how
delicious this look thank you
hey we're home finally for the night
this is the latest we've been home in
like a week and it's not even that late
but it feels like it's 8:30 oh my gosh I
am so tired so we are gonna all get our
hair down and our makeup off and
showered and go to bed
so the video the video ends you're gonna
wash your hair in the morning no that
was yesterday
oh I was thinking the Halloween one but
that was a guess a couple days ago Haley
I pick up today - so anyway - and while
we're filming a scene challenge she does
it gosh Dylan okay so the video is
ending right now with a question of the
day is sweet or sour sweet
I don't like sour things on my mood I'd
say
Haley stop what you're going for Haley's
suite okay Annie most of the time you
have to pick one
what would you go for I go sweet I don't
like sour at all
it makes my cheeks like oh we are all
grouchy and tired sour I'm going with
sour for a night you're miserable
I don't even know what you're saying
it's what we know we are not getting a
puppy my gosh your mouth because what's
going on right now she walked over by me
another like okay guys I would have
filmed it
okay guys I'm tired and delirious and I
just want to go to bed right now Paige
good night guys see you tomorrow coming
up below sweet or sour we are gonna be
in a better mood the next time you see
it well maybe not cuz it'll be morning
okay later on we'll be happy exactly
okay good just good bye guys always
remember to celebrate life
babe thanks for watching the tailee
