today we wish a weary soul to rest
yeah I will try to do my best to keep
you safe inside
the gravity from pulling into her
I'd buy juice
it's more clearing it's more cloudy
everything but summers go
the stormy clouds
hello chunks I think that's how that
accent goes anyways today is today that
we're going to tighten my braces for the
first time ever and I also get to giant
do I color my braces if I want I don't
have to I might I feel I meant to do but
I really don't know what colors are so I
have to think of it you know when you're
grooving down the road like this and so
Haley was watching the movie and it's
8:30 in the morning and we just dropped
I'm not too nervous
I just hope they don't hurt because I
know I know they're not gonna hurt as
bad as first getting the races horns but
they probably slaughtered and hurt but I
got my handy dandy medicine on the way
to go what kind of this but it's the
tools you're kidding right or like me I
do like you those just last longer I
don't like this kind I like the
melt-aways better okay wish me luck boy
the mommy says that these expiring dates
5:30
what year 13 yeah it is mom yes it is
but that's all I've got
you get it bye
the girl with the curl look at that curl
I'm not talking to you or about you oh
look at these curls little Carly keep
doing it
they tickle your ear are you serious oh
you found a baby bootie just for the
record
these are like no curling iron curls
these are twisted around my finger and
then sprayed with hairspray they are the
blows on you girl but boy yes way Caleb
boy let me do this one oh she left
I'm Caleb help with a spider
I put the visor down so you could look
in the mirror and I found a spider how
do you know about what poisonous spiders
I know ones are black that that is a
poisonous one so non poisonous or what
please no one point is poisonous air
that color are black what do you think
deep blue I'm easy purple and blue like
you said every other one she wants to
see in your mouth
now willing you'll now because you guys
want to see - can't you just show us
your teeth not your throat it's to come
up a little cuz kind of dark back there
yeah it's hang out of hard to see the
colors she's posing please stop just
pose by yourself Haley get on Kayla
hello
now you want to stay can't believe him
can you get him out of the car is he
he's back there like it's moving it flow
spiders can't fly me can you open that
he just fell down
okay we'll get him what if he is
poisonous but if Haley's right and
there's the boy you're old - Spider
expert spider
he done don't mommy do not do not know
it's important one
okay we're gonna try to get the spider
out we'll be back Haley this is
poisonous and I'm not really an awesome
tool for you but most spiders are black
so just kind of got you thinking because
I'm not very good with spiders I don't
know where he went
we didn't get them maybe okay we're just
gonna go trying to scare the spider away
with a whistle so that's not really a
whistle all right well we're gonna head
out so go get buckled because I think we
lost them yeah we're safe go get buckled
all is good and spider world smile
alright what's going on down here
that's okay they just made up a routine
and Olivia just said they haven't
practiced it
I think they forgot in their routine
ready go all right
take three
okay
doo-doo-doo-doo-doo-doo-doo i got evil
glances man automated guided their
friends over for dinner tonight so
they're having a little crazy party
everybody has a popsicle I wish we could
have a party without boys hot beautiful
video day sorry
and be alright in the second you can I
do the Harlem shake
and
it's really late it's all right after
this Romana
to be crazy
I'm on
and I have Ellen Burstyn the day is
yeah okay
