but your weary soul to rest yeah I will
try to do my best to keep you safe
inside
the gravity
to birth
more cloudy
but somebody's go
burn the stormy cloud
if you had this much laundry every day I
would probably go and say mommy one case
says ever since we've been at school and
so now you just put it away I was
folding laundry a lot and doing laundry
and switching laundry and not straight
though hey hey Caleb how about you just
put it away your laundry typical Caleb
fashion right what if you do it outside
on the trampoline and mommies bring us
while we're putting our laundry away and
then at the end we don't put it away how
about I don't like any of your ideas
hello
no because in this laundry we'll just
sit here and get unfolded and messed up
all of it look at all it's consuming my
life you're consuming my life yeah hey
that's my job
oh my beautiful piles but they were
folded all right grab a pile in a pile
well any of your pack so you think that
gets you out of putting laundry away
this just could you have a sucker watch
let me show you a trick now you don't
have a sucker now I have a sucker wow
that was easy you have a pile here you
have a pile on the couch and on the
Ottoman you just wastin time wasting
your plate I wasted Minecraft time who
sucks where'd you find those they
weren't in your pile
really so what happens when you can't
sit still when you're doing your
homework I should have left you there
yeah see I knew I show Caleb it was like
20 seconds that you're stuck being so
weird and just do your homework you lost
your homework let me guess the dog ate
it
yeah
where did that come from I visualized it
come with me now okay do your homework I
lost it
you really lost her yes do something
well like like doesn't gets you out of
doing homework
you're not right right I will not leave
my homework at school 100 times
can I read know you can write I will not
leave my homework at school 100 times
what are you look at that he didn't want
to write I don't leave my homework in
school it was math I can make him some
math I'm telling daddy he stuck his
tongue out candy still hasn't gotten
back from gymnastics and so we're just
gonna do the class for a day without her
today is what do you remember and Hailey
really can't answer it she doesn't
finish okay because she hasn't been
kindergarden yet but she could say what
you members from school and she just had
that's gone I remember I remember that
that that's why I learned to ride a bike
I remember the day that we went out and
there was a circle we rode around that
circle and I is
remember playing that option
awesome you had a beach thing you played
in circles play with the arm circle
shoes Oh obstacles on your beach thing
I'm so cool okay yep and I can't answer
Haley and then Annie keeps it Haley I
should not answer for Annie so we're
moving on and we will see you tomorrow
