today I'm preparing they'll go um why
don't I beat Yoda when I say um that you
can say 50 times other than me I don't
know how are you weary soul to press
yeah I will try to do my best to keep
you safe inside this
to her
it's more clear when it's more cloudy
but summers go
burn the store be clouded all the town
away
now now yeah wait wait wait you're
telling me what to clean no did you oh
okay oh I'm telling you it's gonna be
like you try to get aa option oh you're
gonna obstacle for me - clean mommy and
daddy I'll clean the basement all right
we got to get started does Matt yeah the
next drop for me is to get all of this
please
yeah no this all came from upstairs
who's the boss here huh yes
Oh could you drop something down here
okay well can I Drive but I have a
question for you who's the boss you
think that don't you
and this you really think that that's
what the sad part is that you think that
you're the boss
all right oh I like your setup any base
in any space I thought you said base oh
look at all this money the treasure box
you're rich are you gonna pay me for
cleaning up down here alright then you
get your baby candy I get my favorite I
can buy my favorite candy with that
money yeah yeah oh you don't need that
anymore
keep laughing you got a lot of work to
do
millions oh we're making a big mess over
here who will clean it later
I've always loved the bean bag here I'll
hold it
see if that'll help we gotta fluff the
other side so we can set it down this
yeah kind of like that alright one more
jump thank you
hey girls
right now we're on our way to gymnastics
and Caleb Haley and daddy are at
baseball and because usually Haley would
be coming with us but she's been coming
with us for the last couple days so we
sent her baseball jail and she cried she
said I do you need to go to jail no but
really she's describing she found a way
she was going with us I don't get it
right does she want to come with us
loves her mommy
and once again jet traffic so many cars
and not laying over there there's like
no cars the car is over there
hey tard get out my way and I was
counting my ticket and I think I had 36
the tickets are for to keep throwing at
your master every end of the month so
that means on Thursday we will do a
ticket drawing and I have all these
tickets and the other half is in a
global five container and so my coach
will at the end everyone will sit down
the level fives and floors and you'll
pick out of the container and she'll
call up there's a little number right
there you'll call it out and then she'll
call it on and it matches one of your
ticket to someone else's ticket so if it
matches yours and you throw it in the
trash can you throw your - get in the
trash can and you get a prize and then
at the end of the ticket drawing
everyone even if you didn't damn prize
you would have you would have to throw
all your tickets away and start from
scratch you want to get by doing
something good or um correcting
something or being a nice brave or
something like that so here's some
examples why why I got tickets I did I
round up the kids in bed talk
I did and I got my over split all the
way down and it is my back walkover on
the beat with my leg up so there's a
three examples and I have 36 so guess
I'll see you later
okay so I'm I just got
into the car right after two masses and
I was so most of my castor Houston I am
this close I'm not kidding I'm all the
way up I just can't turn that's what my
coach wants me to do I'm not doing the
most important part turning well really
without that one anyways I did my clear
hip but not all the way to handstand
I did my clear head horrible to
horizontal I didn't include the
horizontal and I got a ticket for it
because it was really good so I'm
getting lots of my level six pills and I
also did my round at the games and
wrapped up in my for the answering
Fredrik either might be friend you bring
from talking the new level six you're
too old well it's gonna be called bubble
by remember that level five regime USAG
is changing all their lives so if I move
up I'll still be called level five if I
stay I'll be over before so right now
the four or five and sister are still
called the same thing but when we switch
up Laura is gonna be called level three
level five is gonna call people little
flora coppery eyes can be hard before no
six will be caught five said new pod six
so basically optional levels start at
level six
so if I move up by a former year of
Google Sheree i'ma need everybody to
teamed up at the same level at level six
we everybody gets to make up their own
routine and that wasn't that my goal
when I was going to at least get up to
level sounds like that optionals on your
level just so you could make your whole
routine now what do you want to do
no I'm just kidding tin tin we make it
to level 10 all right I'm shaking the
camera - I nod I can't really get no
higher well I might get a call there's
nothing bubble higher them up
there's Ellen Olympics well it's true
college hello ladies today on any
Express we will be showing how Annie
sleeps miss the course of the day yes
it's really late because baseball
actually did get done early today
baseball who did actually get done
earlier early today
and then we're to eat you know get
baseball wasted time in this sports
place which leads us into something that
has no no earthly possibility of
though as though um similarities
whatsoever what I just may use the
question of the day is if you had a bad
dream and have you ever had a tack so
young we were in a wooden cabin like our
whole family and some of my cousins and
so I was dreaming of that we were they
having was close really close to the
woods and I dropped my football off so I
went to go get it and then a wolf came
and put my pinky and there was a game so
I couldn't get and so I jumped over the
gate and Thummim ran two mommies and
daddies Ruben slept there and then I
visualized a a wolf coming into the bed
and biting my hand the idea you let it
go cuz it bit my finger so push finger
baby and fight this little finger on the
right um so I was really young and it
was about a dragon who was flying here
and then I was sitting and watching TV
and the dragon comes gonna go boom I
look at and I think outside is this big
hole and um and then five seconds later
the dragon comes back and eats me
so you were so one time I had a dream
that ate a giant marshmallow and I woke
up and my pillow was gone
when I say
based on data baby
