a weary soul to rest yeah I will try to
do my best to keep you safe inside this
testing keep the gravity from pulling
you to her
I'd like to say
it's more clear when it's more cloudy
everything
but summer's gone
turn this storm cloud
no yes sounds away then that's pretty
cool I think it's gonna help to go into
my shoe it's not connected looks like a
doorstop
dreams
and you won
no in the grass
welcome everybody myself I'm gonna try
it again
ah good shot good joy did not drop give
me five you got it out of the way good
job go again crew sigh of relief feel
good it didn't drop adjust the beam take
a little look at the cowgirl over there
you look like you're zip at a bus stop
waiting for your bus or a train or plane
oh you're standing there with your leg
up too long
and she's stuck at success what a day I
like your mowing the lawn out but go
Navy beat army so I just did and for the
first time today it will the first time
I did my present my first time all my
first try of the day and of course the
camera wasn't on so I'm gonna try it
again
what a day the other day you've got your
area on the trampoline and your front
handspring front tuck on the rod flora
today you got your back over got over no
I have eight arms on what stands so on
this and then yeah and today you did
your back walkover on the beam with your
leg up and your press handstand what a
day
all right three times a charm three
times meaning you means you really made
it it's not official till you did it
three times yeah not today
you did it once with the camera off once
just now you owe me one more okay let me
see I know you do it at the gym a lot
more often than here it's the first time
you've ever done it at home
but awesome well I'll try it on the
floor go try
that is so close do not break your elbow
huh
what you jammed your knee up when you
came down your kneecap oh I hate when
your kneecap moves feels gross let's
start with the news see it's um it's
almost almost um six no not six it's
almost it's almost night but as you can
see this actually looks very very nice
outside it's sunny she's blowing yes
they are
what now let me report you of what's
happening these out
Haley's sleeping I don't know if you
guys can see her but that's her right
there
yeah that's not sleeping oh yeah her
mm-hmm oh she also sleeping yes I just
get home from gymnastics and we are all
ready for bed so now it's time to look
like from the day the costume move the
time is if you if you could change one
thing to the three things if you could
change three things about you what would
they be so you really want to go first
something that's one evening think about
it I know that you get more hours of
Minecraft now changing games in about
you I don't want to sure we'll come back
to you
nice
and playing with my friend okay Caleb I
really can't okay I got to but I'll
think of my third one all right so my
first one is I would changed my hair I
hate my hair my second one is that I
would change me not being addicted to my
blinky my kitty I did I
I would want to change me not having any
fear that always happened so don't
forget to comment down below because we
wouldn't know the question of the day is
if you were to change three things about
yourself what would they be
bye see you tomorrow
the baked potato baby
yeah
