put your weary soul to rest yeah I will
try to do my best to keep you safe
inside
to earth
more cloudy
every day but summer is gone
earn the stormy cloud
right now I just got home from school
and I'm practicing a little I don't have
gymnastics today but um to move up to
Alps which I have to do my dog walker
over is my leg up but it has to be
smiling
like I already do it on food I can do a
back walkover on the beam - but they
want now they want me to put left my leg
oh you missed the baby not completely
crash-landed so I'm I did my goal I made
seven tackle back office with my leg up
with mommy spotting me with one hand and
my last one she barely even spotted he
was she I was almost ready so I'm now
gonna focus on 40th ok help hands you're
gonna can't hold either I don't hold the
hands in but I hold the side handed
alright hold the hands dinner don't hold
this now you got a whole boat yeah I can
do said the same thing twice but I knew
what you meant
good well why don't you pretend you're
just gonna do a handstand and if you hit
the handstand then turn first you have
to hit a handstand I think that's a
little longer you know I do a cartwheel
on the beam
show me your cartwheel on the beam Haley
can you've done well by the way nice pzw
mean we didn't buy it my grandpa made it
for today
hey I got kill you like it oh my gosh
really I never voice cracking me up
alright do a cartwheel Hayley show
everybody your cartwheel on the beam
whoo point Andy alright Andy's got a
point
hey Steven get a point hey Hayley get
the point if she tries you have to get a
point by just sticking it and being
weird
you got a million points for weirdness
if you get a root if you do your routine
you get as long as it has a cartwheel in
it you get three points all right let me
see her cartwheel get out of here weirdo
let me see it after you pick your nose
Annie
my boys crack me up don't do it again
mr. alright she's um he's fascinating so
she don't have to do a cartwheel don't
breathe in I know
concentration breathe in breathe out
cartwheel here we go just try I'm gonna
point anyways God have a cartwheel with
a comma now let me see it why don't you
try to kick a little higher like it
wasn't a helicopter
yeah we don't do helicopters we go over
the top not around and around up see how
our leg go over her head okay watch what
you did you did but it's not gonna be as
your feet went to the side try to get
him over your head okay okay yeah cough
it out man
that was no better now try one on the
floor so we can see a regular cartwheel
yeah but can I see just one cartwheel on
the floor cuz you really can't do a
cartwheel on that's pretty good you got
to practice on a knee duct tape laughs I
did it oh but not all the way up don't
go too close the end of that beam it'll
flip over okay would be funny but I
would laugh at you after yes
not for her
that's the hard work
on his boat
I'm totally kidding
your fried pickles
yeah she just wanna with her by caleb i
think you're overheating my computer oh
my gosh feel this
how long have you been on the computer
this is what happens when I go out to
eat without you and Daddy what he's been
doing while I've been gone
Maggie dead love you what I was gone I
spent the whole time doing this and what
it is is my server yeah oh my gosh it's
fine and if you want to join me
go to your buzz now channel and there
will be a video there time's up got to
go bye I've gotta leave okay guys my
time is up on here and so I'm gonna have
to log out and the question of the day
is do you play minecraft play work
minecraft so comment down below we gotta
go we'll see you tomorrow side off ah
I bake potato baked potato
