look who's up bright and early well it's
not bright early now but it was bright
and early and she is the one they ate
was the good one but it took them a
couple tries was it delicious
delicious so they burn one you know who
made a burrito hmm breakfast is complete
sorry I missed it
I was a bit busy getting ready for the
day so on the agenda today is at
separate times and separate locations
thank goodness not at the same time in
different locations the girlies have
rehearsals because there's some dancing
in the shows they're filming and they
want everybody to know the dances so
we're gonna go scope that out I'm gonna
apologize in advance if I can't film any
of it because it could be top secret
it's a little bit more secretive this
go-around last time you know they were
posting all the stuff and I think we're
just not posting as much this time don't
not to give as much away when the show
comes out so stay tuned because the
shows start back up at the end of the
month well chicken girl starts at the
end of the month there's a little secret
to what Haley's been filming Haley's
been working on when I said shows that's
your hint
that might have just given it all away
but that's all I'll say right now so
stay tuned for more information on that
they've been these two have been working
really hard when we go back home it's
gonna be a vacation when we get wrapped
up got music coming we've got more shows
coming that's really about it but that's
kept us so busy here so and school and
just it's been it's been crazy so and
red carpets and events keep thinking of
things we've been busy out here we're
gonna go home and like I don't know if
even know when after thinks get that no
no no Matt Thanksgiving no no no no no
after Halloween probably so yeah we
gotta figure out where we're gonna go
party or trick-or-treat and what these
girls are gonna dress up as can you just
make it easy and dress up like as rhyme
and harmony or Annie and Haley but
you'll be like no I'm playing a
character on a show named rhyme I'm just
doing it really well all right
hey yeah Oh comment down below I know
I'm gonna forget that this is the
question of the day but this is a good
one but so it'll just have multiple cuz
I'll forget by the time at the time
comment down below what you think Annie
and Haley should be head for Halloween
and not Annie and Hailey and not rhyme
and TK not TK rhyme and harmony
yeah comment down below give us good
suggestion TK and I should be right that
would be funny
okay that's a good stay tuned
our day is just getting started alright
these girls are ready to dance
who else is coming
all the way to the back there's a puppy
a puppy ran from you wow this is crazy
big I don't know if you guys are gonna
have enough room it's gonna be kind of
crowded in here
Hey time to dance so it's gonna be the
same thing I can show nothing other than
you got to wait for us to tell you when
the dance episodes coming out and you
can check it out so we're getting ready
to get in the car and drive it could
take us a while because LA traffic one
45 minutes to an hour
oh look Annie left a mess Wow Wow Wow
see you soon
all right so they are done with school
so now it is pool time and they are
taking off the makeup from today so that
they don't get it all in the bowl and
contaminate the pool with your makeup
yeah that too
so we are gonna go I'm gonna tan
personally I'm not gonna get in the
water but it's gonna be that's what
makeups for this is a fun play date your
mom said playdate but I feel like you
are too old for playdates so what that's
like what else what is hangout so this
is this is a girls day that's all I
could think yeah how does in play date
have fun
it's beautiful it's so thick I thought
your natural color for real yeah it's so
red it is so long okay y'all you'll do
it Wow
ready and go
go go
you're supposed to go all the way under
to be hot is that we made up a game so
this is a bracelet and everywhere I
throw it they have to go get it what did
you think oh my god we've been doing
this for like 30 minutes yeah
okay here we go
wait that was a horrible throw okay
ready
this is totally their workout for today
did it
I thought our way down the steps
you got it before I even started
thinking so we just got done at the pool
and her hair looks great my hair looks
bull but we're going to go to min cheese
go to my cheese we're going to go and
look at like the lounge I think it's
called I'm not sure yeah I think it's
called like business I don't know so
we're gonna go down there and there
might even be a movie theater so we're
gonna go check it out see what did this
and if it's a movie theater we might
even watch a movie we didn't know don't
know yet but what's for sure is we're
gonna go get min cheese and yeah let's
do it
y'all have to show me your hood your cup
this is insane can you saw they're
hungry was it oh my gosh yeah waffle
Wednesday so they added a waffle to it
it's pretty cool I think Dylan wins for
the amount of whipped cream it whatever
that is I can't yeah so good yeah
all right let's go this is my tiny
little ones I didn't didn't know if I
wanted it or not
so should I go get a tea or no
tea or no tea I'll just sit here and
drink my water such a cute little day
the weather is so perfect
it's like literally perfect it's a good
day off right
dance a little bit and then just in
school and
chilled out it's nice
wait is that a white y'all we are
playing some fool and you're doing a
really good job for like never plays
okay so no oh yeah
you can do it try it right okay try it
yeah do it try it
dang I don't even think I could have
made it that was good
try the red or the orange
this is such a cool setting oh so close
thank you don't it's a fall she's got
the perfect shot you want me to do it
okay so much just happened oh I got my
lucky stick I'm gonna do this okay okay
wait wait before you try to hit the ball
I know right here hit my finger hey no
pressure hit my finger hit my finger
okay kids that's okay that's okay
we didn't line your up that's pretty
good we got this we got this we got okay
it's gonna be a second oh my gosh I'm
getting so nervous anything can happen
anything in heaven
sad goodbyes she worked hard for hours
of rehearsal
that was like advanced dancing I didn't
trick you I didn't know was gonna be so
long oh they're running are they running
to okay well we're gonna figure it out
listen to what I have to tell you
because you my friend did advance that
was advanced dancing that wasn't just
baby dancing or hey now get a reward a
reward the reward is an hour drive home
and traffic I know let's figure it out
we'll figure something out that's what
that's what we our reward was for
sitting there for four hours we just
walked in the door and it smells like
popcorn and cookies in here so so we're
a little joke uh we didn't have dessert
yet we're exhausted
I've sat at dance rehearsals for six
hours and in traffic oh my gosh traffic
is so bad here an hour and a half it
took us to get home just a little bit
more than an hour and a half she's
exhausted so much we're doing school
tonight because I didn't realize it was
gonna be four hours did you get school
done good job tomorrow guys we are in
two different locations for filming so
we have to divide and conquer so Paige
and I are gonna go over logistics were
separated tomorrow all day yeah we're
gonna go over I can't
I can adult no I need you desperately
tomorrow I know I know I would have had
to lay you can never leave oh okay so
today was a good day of rehearsing
secret stuff stay tuned because it's
gonna be like these dance scenes are
gonna be amazing
wait till you see for choreography it is
crazy hard it's you can you can fast
forward like 12 hours and I said what
should Annie and Hailey be for Halloween
how did I remember that and Paige what
should Paige dress up back what if you
get pregnant I thought you meant
seriously next Halloween you can be
pregnant yeah okay Andy just wants to
see the choreo all right look at that
rushing me okay guys we gotta go they
want the camera off we love you though
bye always remember to celebrate life
based on baby
thanks for watching
for tailee
