today I'm bailing hi
would you weary soul to wrestle yeah I
will try to do my best to keep you safe
inside this testing
to gravitate
into birth
it's more clear when it's more cloudy
but summer is gone
turn the stormy cloud
that's how you clean your room you get
your brother and sister to come help you
Amy states this game is what we have
like a little assembly line going
through that at me Annie you're making a
bigger mess by throwing up I should get
all the money and all the allowance go
see you oh you're not making it fun
you're cheap I think it is fun you have
a lot of stuffed animals tell me about
it and she wasn't talking all right let
me know when it's done I'll come inspect
I will be inspecting for dust I'll get
the white glove and check for dust
should I read the back
no y'all to read the back you know what
that means that you're holding you know
what that means and Walt Disney we're
going to do this together I know you
guys knew but now in the summer when in
the mummy July in the month of July look
guys we're going to walk Disney World in
July up there only for hey you can't go
oh just a quickie
well I'm and I guess what's it say
Julianna like a diet I can't do it I
can't do it
and I really good and ready so brought
charming and we really trying
pingzhi eraser work isn't there gonna
get in trouble yeah he would like it
Jason started a new what who a little
placer what sort of in used they're not
gonna find that out
oh so it's okay if no one finds out so
would you cheat on the test if no one
found out yeah bull yes ladies and
gentlemen my morally correct son that's
not a giraffe let's look up oh oh hi
okay can you lower your necks on the top
this is a zebra maybe a zebra with a
really long net yeah a Hebrew giraffe
yeah good old and gross hipsters jeredy
Hey you're also stressed yeah smell
their polka dots okay for spot disguise
what did I say how could I even here Shh
dr. King Pankau I just cleaned a cage
oh my goodness you're doing bubble
letters Oh any did that kill Wow but you
know you're going backwards again
Wow
my riding white white yeah but you're
supposed to start with the eight on this
side and go this way yeah I know but we
had this discussion first even righties
right from left to right every but no
she's a she's saying because she's a
variety she thinks she's supposed to go
right to left
everybody's and lefties go from right
well around angels like I'm out of here
how's your picture coming along
you guys just hanging out I can't see it
yet flies for you it was for me yes I'm
sorry
what's it for is it just cuz you like me
yes or cuz you love me net love okay we
see our judges in person at a time to
the question of the day I even don't
busy and so since my mom just bought a
car the question of the day is going to
be what kind of car do your mom a Honda
Pilot all of us my
when you grow up what kind of car do you
want to drive I don't know so what's
your favorite Mustang rusting this
what's your favorite part about the new
car what's so cool about the seats
what's your favorite part
Haley about the new car what's your
favorite part about the new car nobody
likes the sunroof the mouse what's the
formula
yeah
