today I'm Bailey I'm getting watermelon
box but you weary soul to rest yeah I
will try to do my best to keep you safe
inside this
into hearth
I'd like to see
it's more clear when it's more cloudy
everything
but summers gonna
turn the stormy cloud
hey everybody so to that right now we're
here at Olivia's house for a
get-together because daddy just came
like like a little home welcome a little
welcome-home dinner underpainting
someday I'm thinking my own love the
nail painting party way to help us you
gonna paint your nails why guy yeah I'll
do it for you
teamwork can you put it on my thumb be
patient
look at that got p1
beautiful day out here
dance party
I'm the only one dancing who that looks
fantastic hey my guy ha yes you are too
cute
you can you click touch my I couldn't
touch it cuz you were too fast we try
again oh gotta get it oh come on I got
let me get it baby oh I got it I win one
point for me one point for you cuz I
missed it the first time
these nails look great yeah I played you
did and now we and I gonna find Popeye
our new pope yes you one thing I can do
can I come this way give I bail again
can I sneak attack you you're not gonna
turn your back to me are you doctor did
Kemmer I got him right down um on your
hair who painted your nails hey Lee
Brody dude he did a great job we saw you
through the window working hard out here
oh that's the coolest little tool ever
got a little tip on it so you can do
polka dots okay gonna let him dry okay
Hayley
he's putting your color on there that
you want to do Duke hmm yeah this I
don't think you can see it yeah sorry
yeah I'm sorry I messed up I can't I
don't have any there's no more nail
polish remover so I can't this is empty
yes I bet this was full when all the
girls started they went through the
whole bottle okay yeah I got it new this
is the result
okay Olivia's got a watermelon facial
and Hailey's about to get one all right
bring it you're ready hang out how we're
ready right here we go
it's so good yeah
look at let's say she's got seeds all
over it she's got the aerial in your bag
look at lunch she got the watermelon
facial like getting watermelon box
ah watermelon box
Oh Annie's getting the watermelon facial
I don't hate it
YUM we're gonna wash it off free skin is
pretty yeah you got a want and get a rub
and glows sliced watermelon can I smell
it make sure you smell - oh honey oh
yeah totally you starting to be cool
with that I see smiles
I do want a watermelon facial my
invective and anybody else facial my
belly
are you getting my belly I'll get your
belly if you want to wash it Haley if
you ate that I mean if you rub that on
your face I don't want to eat it
nope no I wanted you a facial - you okay
oh my god was it done now cuz I really
like it to be done a song just save me a
watermelon facial even wait God
oh it really kind of feels good Oh put
it in my ear
watermelon face all over all you
watchers Wyatt they gave me a watermelon
facial we're in here washing up off a
station how did that even start oh my
goodness I got watermelon in my ears
Olivia accidently um put it put some
like she wit she accidentally put it in
my ear
no she does have it started with oh she
um accident she missed her mouth like
she had actually felt better than I
thought I know it felt kind of good
I don't know if it's good for your skin
or anything but it felt men probably not
pick up their train round wears it brown
up there down did you just like that and
lick it no I got a wet paper towel and
I'm like wiping my face I didn't like
you go I don't know it's a good day huh
daddies welcome home dinner is going
pretty well we should get daddy a water
total idiot you with the nanny with I
think the towels on the car on the wharf
it fell help
what are you hiding from or who Fanny's
daddy know is scary
ah database database
