but your weary soul to rest yeah I will
try to do my best to keep you safe
inside
the gravity
to birth
more cloudy
but somebody's go
burn the stormy cloud
okay so I just got home from school and
um I just finished up doing my homework
and then I cleaned out my binder because
I had extra minutes why I have extra
minutes is because I have a new routine
I come from home I come home from school
if I want a snack I get one if I don't
then I go straight to do homework and
then I set the timer on for an hour and
then I have to do my homework for an
hour and right now I did go over Sonam
reading the book because if I go over I
have to find something to do and I'm
gonna be reading a book for the rest of
exactly 10 minutes now I mean not if I
go over I mean if I have more time like
if I if I stop before the time then I
have to read and I'm reading this book
and then when I'm completely done after
an hour I can play my craft for an hour
yeah so that's what my routine is now
anything about this book is that
something to eat in the mail if you can
see it's kind of hard but I know I can
see it it says to the tub
I know so I'm looking for a good angle I
don't think the camera can see it well
that was nice of them to send you a book
and that one that you're actually
reading I didn't know you could read so
I'm doing my homework field I don't have
any and I had to put away this huge
basket of laundry and now I'm seasonal
American girls to clean in my room so
that's what I'm doing right now hey
spider girl shouldn't climb places where
you're gonna get stopped watch out Neal
II don't come under her
you shouldn't where you're gonna get
stuck you get stuck again but hey we can
go under me it's like a tunnel but then
you have to get me sure what your leg is
booty all right ha ha I wouldn't stand
under her she loses her grip
Haley Haley's go back watch the ball
watch Lynx's water so it's the end of
the day and now it's time to pick the
question of the day mommy has some key
choices and we're gonna take the
question today and Haley's asleep Gerald
I guess listen to his Jail
which isn't even on it's not even
connected what are you talking about do
the thing where you pretend to listen to
music and you fall down on the ground
oh wait you just did that one what it
was your music too loud you couldn't
hear me yeah oh look I'm in the mirror
what's up suckers you can't see you
there are some options that I thought of
for the day we can do and we'll do all
of them eventually but you can pick the
next coming days but you can pick the
one you want to do today what age is a
person an adult and why do you think so
what is something that makes your family
special of all the things you are
learning what do you think will be the
most useful when you're an adult I don't
know if we've done this one are you a
good friend yeah
are we not done you're not a good friend
are you answering that or have we done
that one not sure which question here
well I'm not done but at what age is a
person an adult how would the world be
different if animals could talk don't
answer any of these what is the best
gift you've ever given why was it so
special if you were a teacher and the
kids in your class would not listen to
you what would you do don't answer don't
answer so we're gonna answer all these
oh not tonight
if you could invent something that would
make life easier for people what would
you invent when was a time that you felt
lucky if you could make this
conversation if you could make one rule
that everyone in the world had to follow
what rule would you make and why all
right talking that's be your rule no one
would ever be talking all right which
one do you want to pick
the specialist the gift ah okay so both
of you want to do a different one oh we
can change the rules you know why
because there are rules everybody vote
who wants to do two questions of the day
all right
what is the best gift you have ever
given and why is it so special
it's daddy
wait wait wait wait I think you're
confused about the question know what
gift what gift of you what is the best
gift you have ever given to somebody Oh
a mission just a good question I thought
it was the best gift that's ever given
to me so now I have to think of it I
gave a 55 inch that's the end of the
sort
my little brother Joe lives in a cabin
so we don't see it much that's funny
do you need to think about it I thought
my little brother Joe know about the
best gift you've really ever given hey
Joe nope you think of one yeah okay a
KitKat that's the best one I could think
of would you give a KitKat bar to Daddy
well I didn't really do it doing it okay
this is just showing you that you guys
don't give too many gifts out to people
KitKat bar 55 inch TV to your brother
Joe your non-existent brother Joe mommy
a ring in the picture and it was special
because it was Mother's Day I think and
she she gave me a big hug
I love that mr. a yeah just your doors
downstairs mommy okay so um for
Christmas me and my grandma went out and
but this person that just came into my
my room without asking for permission
all right
I'm remembering it's a bracelet I'm not
even that gave to my brother Joe because
you didn't think of that place because
he had a flat-screen TV
really this is uh cuz it was for
Christmas it was a Christmas present
yeah sure alright next question of the
day is
what but it's something about what would
what the world be if animals could talk
but not quite Annie the question today
is how would the world be different if
animals could talk oh okay
so my brother Joe you know he's an
animal person and so he says that
animals do talk but not our language and
how does that cheese I don't know wait
so talk our language okay I think it
would make a difference because um like
someone like I'm thinking about like a
house animal um you could actually get
to talk to them and if they're hungry
they can actually say it if they're
sleepy they can actually say it it will
just make it easier on the person just
add something really funny sounds like
this okay yeah so it goes Leona
ask the dog do you want to go outside no
do you want to drink no do you want to
do anything yeah don't worry get out of
your life is soft Auggie yes thank you
how would this make the world different
how would it make the world different
playing as a boy with brother Joe
I was dumb Toshi
just answered the question love dogs
could talk or cats or other animals such
as you're happy they could talk they
could tell you their most greatest
secrets in the world of history of
brothers and Joe's well maybe your
friends on YouTube will answer these
questions seriously since you guys
aren't my brother Joe is very good at
answering questions
anyways why do they even anyways how how
would the world be different as animals
the top and what was the most what was
the most special gifts that you ever
given and why's it special
I chose both again I always don't please
just sit there and be quiet does she
always cover the camera like that or she
just turn it off sometimes she comes
covers ocal want me want me to show you
my sweet move we already saw your sweet
move
see if you can touch the ceiling is
Eevee I've done it before
watch your head
I can touch I can touch the ceiling to
know can you climb the wall oh yeah it's
getting serious the socks are coming off
you got down a second ago all right
let's see how it's done Caleb have you
ever done this was that for real it's
okay if your sister stronger than you
she's cool with that
sorry Charlie don't know how she's
sleeping through all this maybe the dog
can talk now hope you have a
conversation I think he's having a fight
I really can't see in here turn the
light on so I can see this fight the
light didn't help he's weird
baked potato babe
