put your weary soul to rest yeah I will
try to do my best to keep you safe
inside
to earth
more cloudy
every day but summer is gone
earn the stormy cloud
so we're a baseball and not a very good
of a day it's all got braids out than
yesterday
the songs are not so gooood me and Haley
are gonna go to the park cuz we just
carry this today without going to the
park well we're a bit well because today
we have two games and it's really cold
out it's not as hot as it was yesterday
it's just really cool so I'm gonna short
and I'm I don't really want to go to the
park but I'm waiting for Haley to finish
so I can just get it over with
what's wrong up here oh I just saw you
climb up Haley you're not stuck how are
you stuck
is it really stuck yes nice okay hmm
yeah put that butt up there ready set
can you get down now by yourself or need
help what happens when you climb trees
oh wait wait I can't cuz I'm good now
what what I really want to show you is
that every time we come here
Oh hide super food
every time we come here huh
no what were you saying every time we're
here what okay we're here
I always climb a tree I don't know how
to get down yeah well you got a hurry
because and show me cause Caleb's up
next yes we've seen you climb this tree
a million times
why can't you get up jump there you go
breating Twizzlers in the rain at
baseball what a day huh kingi it kind of
has like string cheese can hear the
pitter-patter of the sprinkles come down
on the chair the things we do for your
brother right gymnastics is indoors and
we don't have to deal with the rain me
and Haley decided to go in the car
because it is raining we don't want to
be outside in the rain during baseball
you can do this part well you got these
and somebody
Caleb's friend gave us some Twizzlers
and we're sitting in the car watching
some TV and we're eating them that's
obvious hey why wouldn't we need that it
people didn't know airspace then we want
to eat him so we are home from baseball
and the RDA and I'm relaxed on the couch
it wasn't on ice and killed outside
negotiate hey Larry land and alack the
roofie on the couch
well I don't think Hayley's relaxing
yeah hey Haley is asleep crashed out
jazzy's Nate beaten hey ed we were
watching TV then we I wanted to feel and
I can you catch the ice in your mouth
Peter
the courses yes it would be yeah it's
like that part on the movie Charlie in
the Chocolate Factory and I don't ever
get to watch it because we watch it in
the car and all I hear is that's nasty
slurping sound it grosses me out every
time
what's he doing in that part what's the
eating yeah where it sounds like that
you don't know sounds like he likes
slurping on something slimy oh he's
eating caterpillars I knew it was
something gross yeah is always followed
by ice hmm sleepy heads over there
klutzy head over there give you over
some million views name your brother is
not in here and your sister is asleep
can i I guess open seven pieces Bevan
yes this dozen pieces of nail
yeah dear auntie Amy and Caleb my name
is Lucy I am 11 years old and come and
and come from England
go I love your mashup and it's my
favorite sport I train six hours a week
at gym I love your videos
okay and then Kayla you know why you
sent those because Caleb's lost his
marbles
Oh little little fish duck chick river
that kind of reminds me of Caleb crazy
little creature at least he also this
oh oh I know it I know it I think of the
name whatever I can't think of the babe
follow me or something with funkin oh I
love it
hi I am Lauren and I live in Tennessee
and I watch her for daily videos and a
crimina videos every day and I do
domestic I love your videos do you make
them anymore
yes if you do good luck on them I like
seeing your videos they are fun to watch
so here's the scoop what's going on in
the house right now and he's still
opening mail over there Hayley's still
crashed out on the couch Caleb's still
playing outside and I'm trying to get
caught up on videos because I'm one
behind still and that's what's going on
over here this is my view this is what I
can see a neom her own little male world
Haley and dreamland
Caleb apparently didn't have enough
baseball playing so he's out hanging out
outside got four more boxes over there
on the shelf you gonna make it through
it all maybe like
I'm just gonna skip school so you can
open Mayo yeah who needs an education
ooh yeah for real who needs an education
no you need an education this is what I
get actually doing it because there's
two of them and I put the charm bracelet
if we were doing it together Haley would
have wine good thing for you she's
sleeping
who's this from I think her name's Ella
yeah Ella morning sunshine have a good
nap
you got some dinner up at the table she
may not be quite awake yet says hey
Caleb Annie and Haley my name is
Mitchell I love playing all sports and
especially watching your YouTube family
videos Caleb I love how you are always
happy here cheerful cheeky and make
everyone laugh and you're pretty awesome
I have to say and it's Michelle not
Mitchell but that's okay oh why do you
search fanny
yeah why were you coming down the stairs
screaming look anyway I see I sent all
three of you some handmade poster cards
with your names in the middle for the
front of your bedroom doors I hope you
like them love miss Michelle Michelle
from Australia hugs hugs hugs and there
are some pictures
of a kangaroo like this little mountain
place something I've seen before it's a
landmark of Australia but I have to
admit I don't know what if it have a
name and then like the ocean okay so now
you're gonna inform us of why you came
running down the stairs screaming yeah
it's just Caleb for his bedroom door
okay
that's my just laminated everything was
on your bedroom door if you want
hey we cute
speaking of Meili she apparently was not
ready to get up and she's gone back to
sleep in my lap sitting here while I'm
editing a nanny still opening mail and
Caleb's messed around on his iPad trying
to get enough place to work candy oh
that's cute yes we know your name and he
loves Michelle number one Australian fan
you did it
that was nice Michelle I'm gonna go put
this on my desk enjoy bye bye bye
in the file under t4 tape are these all
things that people have made for you the
highest ready put up let's cause it's
fabric not paper if I light it right
here bathroom or crown ah
but database the database
