today which a weary soul to rest
yeah I will try to do my best to keep
you safe inside
to her
it's more clear when it's more cloudy
every day
but summers gone
earn the stormy cloud
hey everybody first I want to start out
with is that today I have nothing to do
really so I'm a little bored so I
decided to film while we're at Caleb's
baseball practice and it is another
beautiful day it actually feels like
spring
I know but usually it's cold out and um
that it feels like winter that's on
saying it actually feels like spring mmm
but now it feels like bling yeah and
when it gets bigger yet yeah yeah well
it gets pretty a wonderful perfect
anyways well while we're doing it while
we're sitting in the car watching Caleb
a warm up
mommy is editing a video and that the
video she's editing is really support
was really supposed to be the video from
yes it was supposed to be posted
yesterday so she's a little behind and
she says sorry yeah I'm so sorry
she says it sorry but we just don't have
we didn't just we didn't have the time
to do it and she's she's behind because
she just added like two more videos
today and mommy's gonna take a little
break because um during her break she's
gonna take us to the park wall Caleb and
his practice because me and Haley don't
want to sit in the car and watch mommy
edit the whole time so
oh I don't you will get no edit oh oh
hey I'm not gonna edit the whole day
we're gonna go enjoy some of the yeah oh
I got you not gonna do to beer in the
hole good oh you think I you thought I
was just gonna skip the video today yeah
well I didn't edit yesterday because I
got I was so busy so today I should
probably try to get it finished right
but we'll go to work for a little while
and the other thing that I wanted to
tell you is that later on Sydney's gonna
come and we're planning to eat some
pizza and watch a movie but we don't
know what movie yet and it's just gonna
be really fun oh doesn't some that's the
look me and mommy entirely probably
Caleb are really sorry about the video
that it's not up yet but don't worry
it's gonna be posted I'm darling thank
darling you are what are you sorry for
he won't even remember what are you
sorry about um you just want to be sorry
look it's nimble bull yeah you know what
you're number fours look like okay
anyways mommy's gonna have to finish
editing so we'll see you later
you like the creepy person at the park
like stopping people as they play at the
playground what's up what's up you slope
oh hey look at that change you can't
open your shoulders the hot or something
oh there you go so it's easier with us
crazy
haha
scared me I thought you're gonna like
skin your knees on this oh that one
that's because it's like two feet wide
it's harder when it's four inches yeah I
was gonna say that our Pete tonight had
turned into me and you but then Annie
just came out when I turn the camera
excuse me this is Caleb and mommy time
apparently she's ignoring us yeah oh now
it's begun yeah oh you are fine we
didn't want to hang out with you anyway
oh not cold here is it there are you
guys that cold are you cold
I'm not cold you want a blanket oh good
I think there's two blanket on the couch
you want a blanket okay you hiding from
Abbeville protection watch your phone
you're gonna protect the pizza it's on
the inside oh you mean a play Olivia got
cake for her birthday and when we got
that I pretended that sage said no I'm
locking me your sage to her sage
you guys comfortable yeah no really
we got beep taunting you know he's not
staring at you his heads the other way
that you can I he might not dad I think
bodies like this big missed us yes no do
those things even thing I don't think so
but I'm still scared somebody tell us so
these kind of bee sting oh yeah stinger
no mr. bee are you gonna I don't think
he's got a stinger we have to look that
up give her the clusters button and
touch it I'm not touching it b-but I
don't think I want to touch anybody but
Sam no not tease definitely not Toshi's
I'm not touching her booty it's clean
now when we watch t-bone when you guys
went to Florida he got a little messy
somehow and we had to get him give him a
bath
anyway we decide it would be fun to
dress up my gosh usual look yes it may
be there's the school like this every
day because it died be entertaining
hey and hey listen person participation
wait hesitating Sydney them character
and Annie would probably be in character
too if we can tell what kind of
creatures reindeer is cheetah it's a
monster rain no I got no more monster
reindeer cowboy cheetah yeah yeah name I
don't know what caleb is
the Girl Talk let's start with the witch
let's go with the reindeer cowboy
monster she does on stir monster raid
reindeer need a cowboy to the horn
she looks kind of difficult what's the
hardest part about being a kid Oh
running running here's as being the
oldest
um oh what's the hardest part about
being a kid you're just going to school
no no object okay Haley what's the
hardest part about being a kid I'm
getting your money look right now school
do you want to do one for a kid now
instead of a cheetah of your mom
hey little girl
we're already past that part anyways go
yeah
