put your weary soul to rest yeah I will
try to do my best to keep you safe
inside
to earth
more cloudy
every day but summer is gone
earn the stormy cloud
Oh mommy mommy's back to mommy oh all
right you gonna help me you ever had a
jar of pickle erasers before well you're
in luck
I am their erasers my hey I was gonna
buy em oh just showing you they have a
lot of cool things in here did you look
at things like a can a crushed can of
soda nicotine I set off to have a drink
yeah sticky sandwich sticky notes what
about a hamburger sticky notes there's
sticky notes inside what about a cookie
yeah
dessert nope a turkey Turkey what about
caution open at your own risk
oh my got mustache magnets dancing
why did choose a heel pick it up what
about the Journal of awesome did you run
out of arms we're home from school and
today we're celebrating the lives birth
today we're celebrating Lou's birthday
and we are go going to the melting pot
and Olivia went to the American Girl
doll store and got sage and so we
decided to get my American Girl doll
sage and we're just getting sage ready
right now so we can both have this
American rohtul should I hold her mum
taught me to hold me down and my reviews
are if you hold her I'm Monica okay a
genomic are ready for their birthday
dinner with a lid and right now we're
gonna open the present that we chopped
forever yeah and put it in the back you
got heard my wife is from justice
this tank you got her some short leg all
the way up and now we're ready to put it
in thank you try to fit in now feel it
will fit in there if we fold it up
nicely let's see how they're braids
turned out any requested fishtail braids
okay and then of course um Haley wanted
Molly to have fish tails - how'd they
come out she liked them
I know right she doesn't copy Annie ever
never in her life Hey
nope you're right what you doing over
here right in baseball standings which
team's winning it's not made up it's
real yeah okay well which one's winning
right who's the best team in the nation
trade rules right where are they from
Kermit Kernersville North Carolina
Kernersville I promise but Iran oh well
congratulations to them for being the
number one team her eyes are beautiful I
don't know if you guys can tell Hey
color
no thanks our sages eyes yeah they're
like a turquoise let's see my attempt to
picking this up you have to lay it out
flat you want a lesson on tissue paper I
got it okay hold this I'll show you okay
the way you do it on the big I'm a bit
is it take and you're not filming looks
nice the way you do it if you take a
flat sheet but pinch it in the middle if
it that is it you are fired
fine what inspired from tissue pet paper
packing Wow harsh yeah that perfect yeah
complete with the karate sound effects
Oh flower
she's licking flowers in here oh you are
like the world's best tissue paper
holder stacker
maker there you go she's but giving her
a flower okay so we're here and we're at
Liv birthday party what's hard it's a
birthday dinner dad's birthday did and
my pre hi happy birthday Who Lived she
got sage and here she is
and then Molly down there they only I
know the lighting in here is bad but
that's just how it is I can go elsewhere
and guy they gave me president that's
awesome
was it a Sunday the purple I know you
got one too I know the book
okay so we're home from Olivia's
birthday dinner yay and we swapped kids
we have Brody and then Olivia and her
family have Hayley and yeah which they
have Hayley and it's her first time ever
going on a sleepover
wow that's pretty exciting for her
probably scary for her so we're playing
Wii right now but meant literally
baseball - am i okay now as you just saw
um Bernie just press Start so we started
guess you're starting right yeah and so
of course of the day is it we've already
done it but it's been a while right so
if you could have any superpower what
would it be why Superman way and um I'd
like question quite a lot would I hold
like what yeah what would your superhero
name be what would you superhero name be
super body man body man potty man it's
his favorite thing he loves to go fine
mine would be how to clean stinky things
too
she because she stinks and I would be
called clean the stinky thing yzma
cheese
um and since Annie and Haley aren't here
they can't answer alright
you're really gonna stick with us be
able to clean stinky things yeah I would
mine would be to fly fly man yeah bye
see you tomorrow clearly we've lost them
and they're more preoccupied with their
little league games so we're just gonna
leave them to that and I guess we'll see
you tomorrow
come on Lynx someone wants to come hang
out with me is it you come on come on
buddy
ah babe oh babe I
Oh
