today I'm Bailey oh my god fake no it's
real good morning everybody everybody
wants to smell good today so we got
perfume over there and we've got
deodorant you're teaching Hayley about
hygiene but apparently it's tickling her
come on you can do it not 9 or 10 you
can start wearing it just start
practicing all right we are getting
ready to leave here we have a 8:00 8:15
call time yeah just there I'll hold your
arm it should be most of it now is like
where it won't get on black she just
takes it here up two fingers you guys
all right we have to go in a 727 we're
supposed to be walking out at 7:30 that
was the plan last night when we went
over all this we've got school pack
like the fattest bagel ever insert
really sad music
it's still sad don't eat me but I just
brushed my teeth no you have to please
eat the bagel
eat the bagel in the park the bagels
alright get some shoes on your feet and
we're going like now now now now now now
oh my is that fake no it's real way just
now stop wait stop I woke up this
morning and checked it we weren't quite
there yet I'm like it's gonna happen on
our way and I just remember to look
again it hadn't been that long since 4
million oh wow
how do you feel you feel different like
when is your birthday
half way away from 10 million Wow do you
want it let's go ahead and add up 5
million people in a football stadium how
many we were doing it no I know but
football stadiums would you need who can
depend on how big the stadium is 20,000
mommy Oh a lot of football stadiums
think about it how many would you need 5
million divided by 20,000 anyway okay so
do how many zeros is that swag million
that's I yeah my 21 8 zeros right there
250 Stadium also over what for what
that's how many people does oh yeah no
yeah yeah 250 Madison Square Gardens
that's crazy
I don't you sound like that many I know
did you see me no big that I know it's a
lot but like 250 of them together can
use your brain can't fathom that yeah
that's a lot that's a lot
5 million we love every single one of
you like I really do but you accepted me
except I love Allah yes I love you all
the same like I love my kids all the
time yeah we don't know that's not true
mommy we have a
who do I love more I was like no he's
annoyed
what did she go with you once I'm human
said Yama caleb was little he stepped in
a puddle I was like no he did all the
good stuff the funny stuff y'all didn't
know all the credit for you or not if
that would have been my eye for real I
would have had one eyeball and then you
would have never Caleb would have never
done that this is the cute town red
light this is what I need over one more
I'm going alright guys well I say y'all
fellas a good time to insert a shameless
plug for merch shameless and got a
shameful um
what's in the site for telecom slash
store we've got the Leo's are back in
stock no mirc and since they're not
gymnasts anymore these could be the last
Leo's ever sold out five million in five
million friends five million and 5
million second
but wait what did you say we hit five
million in one second because
technically you hit five million in one
second Pharrell right yeah well one
second we had four million we might have
it like a point of a second I'm thinking
of grams for hair point wine grams gram
0.1 gram crackers no houses actually I'm
thinking about it oh my god anyway point
no I'm sound really smart I only want to
make ahoy 0.01 ounces
I can make ounce crackers crackers
any you could have in that nobody listen
to this everybody forget you never heard
that
okay bye guys thank you love you page in
here sitting on the rooftop
the girls were filming and we got to
show you something come here
get your sunglasses laying by each other
and I felt and paid as I said pay to get
your sunglasses let me show you
something I looked at my shirt uh but
it's like white look how white I am
compared to healt and pages but you had
to take a picture it was I said page so
if we were joking about we're like
laying on these like seriously like pool
chairs awesome in Hollywood Beach well
let me share that the tiniest bit of
your skin okay let me just do this
really close to picture oh yeah they
getting just a little bit
I was she singing chicken go
lady y'all doing she's teaching her Oh
ballet I like her help
I know it's cute I think it's a dress
yeah that's cute dab
yeah
yeah nice that's right that's right
which is every day so far for like the
left we'll see how it started like it
started like this Wow oh that's cool
that makes sense yeah where's Haley
we're in CK's room but y'all can't see
it you have to wait till the episode
comes but we're hanging out there's a
really cool wall I'll say that well
that's pretty dope oh yeah that one
right there especially I can film this
way because nothing's over here just
Louise on set there's school going on
down here work and school so we don't
want to go down there rhymes room
antique age rumor here but in real life
I mean in on the show they're not in the
same house oh the magic comes in have
you ever had a heart scratch yes asked
her I have yet a page arm scratch oh
yeah we had to teach the people in
Canada's I know there's not enough room
for me from the bed right I've no wait I
have to go rescue my camp my computer
feel how hot this is and it's been
inside so hot he does not like elevator
Haley it's open
this is a lawnmower she's really a
terrified of elevators let's go it's
right at Haley are you right alright
we're at
watch out car y'all I thought the car
door was open
look no I thought it was from over there
I'm like oh my gosh we left it open
all right we're wrapped Haley knows
where we are now I paid you said five
yes Haley's a fear of elevators is real
and strong she thought we were gonna get
stuck hey Ellie I know that was really
nice it's so cute how Annie thinks she's
in the front
watch they're gonna sisterly fight Annie
she said she does not feel well I'm not
shirking a dog thing out there
but my eyes are red and swollen in my
mind you're making my head turnings I
don't like it I'm hot oh you're not
allergic totally allergic okay guys we
had a such a long day we thought it was
a half day it was not it was a full day
so we're gonna get back home and I don't
even know what we're gonna do so stay
tuned and find out what Adventure we get
into tonight yeah
probably nothing but maybe not so stay
tuned we just ordered McDonald's guys
first time ever in a long time we need
some food McDonald's is very very
deliciously not good for you know the
lady
meet more chicken Paige just found out
one what why the cow has a cow spinner
to save the cows guys they have the cows
if anything we should kill the cows did
they take up so much room no you have
your my berry here right I said quote
why don't we just kill the cow that you
fat since they take up too much room in
this world there's no fat like Winnie
don't go any and they wanted to be like
mary-kate and eat McDonald's
she loves McDonald's no way that's not
gravity it's mystical
wait you're happening no no it's called
words words lots of words it was a smart
where it's called it's called gravity
sticking with it i'ma get come on I
think I'm smarter when I look at myself
come here come here
the gravity it's the goat Oh what I
don't know we can't go this way I can
I've got Haiti wait sad news guys I'm
allergic to dogs Louie Vuitton dogs a
hair place no we don't have a hair place
in excess right okay it is movie night
it doesn't really matter I don't know
I'm thinking wonder woman page says it
was really good so we're like getting
blankets and pillows and we're gonna lay
here and we're all gonna snuggle and
we're gonna do a question of the day
real quick which of course I'm not
prepared for at home I have at home I
have like a go to if I can't think of
one real quick what I don't want to
choose I want both she said blanket or
pillow I'd rather no I don't know that's
a great question
oh but whatever you gonna put your head
on yeah but then what are you gonna
cover up with blanket all right so I'm
gonna go with I think I need a pillow I
think I need a pillow
that's a tough choice and go with pillow
mmm that's a good point too depends am I
am Abed am I out of bed if I'm on the
floor I think I need a pillow but if I'm
out of bed I want a blanket because like
this I have the mattress I'm
overanalyzing this whole situation all
right guys
yeah that's a tough one
okay tomorrow we have we get to sleep in
for the first time in forever for me and
Annie and for Paige and Haley for they
had to get up early a couple days so
yeah we've done it for like the last
week we haven't had like a day off at
least so I'm excited to sleep in get
some school done and then Annie's
rehearsing for her original tomorrow
okay so and what what's the fun back
what all by herself and then knock oh my
goodness success all right
so join us tomorrow it'll be a new
adventure every day something new and
comment down below would you rather have
a pillow or a blanket good night we'll
see you tomorrow
tune in for more fun
always remember to celebrate baby
thanks for watching
Britt Ailey
