today I'm preparing a weary soul to rest
yeah I will try to do my best to keep
you safe inside this testing
the gravity from pulling into her
it's more clear when it's more cloudy
everything but summer's gone
for the store the cloud
I am so sorry because this video is
extremely short that is why I am talking
slowly so this goes slowly and the video
will be today has been one of those days
that we haven't had the opportunity to
film and our plant we planned to open
some mail but that didn't happen the
plan was to open some air when you got
home but we go so we got home so late
that we didn't expect it like it was so
late yeah we didn't expect how late we
got home like we wanted to get home
earlier so we could open some mail and
because we knew that this video would be
short and so we wanted to just open some
mail to make it more entertaining but
that didn't happen so we're really
really really sorry because we wanted to
least post something today because we've
been doing video videos for a long time
and we didn't want to ruin it but it
will used to be have something and we're
just gonna move on to the question of
the day I use mommy's phone just to
remember it if you're wondering where
the rest of the gang is they fell asleep
in the car so nothing really today
turned out to what we planned so we're
gonna move on to the course today the
question of the day is what is your
favorite word right now what do you like
about it and when have you
you didn't it recently mine is ayayaj
spell marks in a RG yes okay it's making
sure that they can understand what
you're saying yeah so your favorite word
is narcs okay answer the rest of it what
do you like about it because I get to
say it like in a weird voice oh yeah
when have you used it recently
well the beaver um we were I forget we
were somewhere in on the road like in a
parking lot I think and someone was with
me include Olivia she was with me and
she said I think we well I think we
asked our parents if we could have a
sleepover and I and then she said that
her mom said no it's like Oh No
so that's it guys I'm really really
sorry but today was just one of the days
that it didn't work out at all it there
was nothing that came out as planned it
just was a mess today sorry I hope
you're not too bummed at us but it's
just it's just how it went today sorry
about that
normally mommy plans what we're gonna do
that day to film and usually it works
but today it just didn't go as planned
plan with to read the meal but it just
didn't happen tonight so sorry about
that so I guess don't forget to comment
down below cuz B we didn't know what the
question of the day is what is your
favorite word right now what do you like
about
and when have you used it recently don't
be too harsh on us and don't give us too
many thumbs down I hope you guys
understand I guess I'll see you tomorrow
bye babe
