put your weary soul to rest yeah I will
try to do my best to keep you safe
inside
to earth
more cloudy
every day but summer is gone
earn the stormy cloud
we're at baseball and I'm just doing
some cartwheels under log and mommy's
getting out all the chills chairs to go
and sit down and Haley's asleep in the
car so I'm just sitting down here about
to do some cartwheels and some roundoff
baseball and the Haley's fell asleep in
the car so I got her out thinking it
would wake her up
and it didn't she is absolutely in my
arms
all the noise I'm craziness or not Eve
ever here snack at her she's already dug
into the food we just got here hello
Danny
what however good eating
it's good I'm not in London but you can
only do one
about to play the second game Danny
messing around on the wall over here lot
to learn what are you doing trying to me
you're trying to read what's up there
rocks here I'll get my neck and reach I
can't do but maybe they can see or feel
close to one I'm so close to what this
actually works they should get a bigger
chair and then I'll get one no please
don't break my bigger turf blocks back I
know she's gonna steal and not rocks
either unless you're paying me some big
bucks
you owe me some money yeah what can
learn what yeah let me see you good
picker backward a quickie we want to
learn how to fall are we watching and
learn how to fall yes that was Caleb by
the way thank you feeling ball then
coming down
I think it might be too difficult cuz
it's uphill yeah I know I think I don't
think I panned goods uphill oh my
goodness girls you must be bored I I
made it
are you bored yes I am so you're
building hues they're building places
for amps now I'm making music these
rocks are these good ones are you gonna
do the cup song I'm doing the rock song
I'm doing it but rocks are you doing a
cupcake song yeah how's it go we should
do the cupcake song with cupcakes what
happened did you hurt yourself with the
roar I did Nick your hands are filthy
Tommy I need your shirt is filthy your
pants are filthy dirty I did this by
accident so that usually we go so you
hit yourself with yeah there Oh
boom number two what I'm a lot of small
rules I couldn't understand you no more
no one no one who was all I heard me oh
and PS your face it's filthy too I don't
know if they can see it on here but
you've done dirt all over you
this is what I did okay look up hit by
ball when he was hitting do you always
get hit gets it yeah you do that last
time you got hit by the knee by the mean
on purpose
he doesn't did you get hit by a ball
coming 40 miles an hour at you okay
really I don't know how high but 40
forever yeah but now you have to go up
into a handstand from there pushing your
sister dude she tried to stick on me you
got it Hayley no now you put your hands
on the ground and try to push like Annie
is there you go really hush up you gotta
get your feet your heels off the ground
and get your feet up off the ground
oh now she's meditating where did you
learn that
yeah funny yeah we're doing a movie what
are you talking about down the glue on
Bosnia she taught you to meditate mommy
you um mungus energy ow
Oh Carson what show yeah yeah are you
feeling it being cool wait mom Annie get
in the car so that we can leave and
she's too busy outside doing cartwheels
on log and now Haley wants to go do
because we have nothing better to do
right Caleb there's a sit here ice my
leg
yeah we're gonna go ice your leg as soon
as the girls decide to get in the car
you ready come on soon as you fall Annie
if you keep going until you fall and
then it's over but you have to keep
going continuously you can't stop it's
it go back and forth one two three and
we're done
come on we're done so I'm all aside and
we're back from baseball and it is a
little chilly out here
and um earlier today I found out that I
tripped my juice it did time II and I'm
just gonna play outside there haha that
I got this because I was on the
trampoline and I did a forward roll with
my without my hands and my knee
who didn't you mine now and the tiny
piece of I do seem off so I'm just gonna
play outside and mommy's cooking some
dinner and so see you later I got
tomorrow not yet get ready eating a
little denden and Barber today I'm
looking a little comments of the
question of the day what when we did
what's your favorite joke what's your
favorite joke tell me she's looking at
the comment and I'm gonna read some of
them out loud and give them a few shout
outs
okay once a boy is the teacher to go to
the toilet
the teacher said seeing me and alphabet
first so he's saying ABCD efg hijk
ottoman and oke right you got to read it
right a b c d e f g h i j k l m n o - r
s t u v w x y and the teacher asked the
boy where he he's his p is and the boy
said running down my leg one yeah who
gave you that joke um cool cool do do
you and Yoli brooke m GE o li BR e ke
and the letter m thanks hanjo okay um
god another one and teacher asked the
boy where China is located he did not
answer the teacher may attempt to stand
on the table the boy said sir even if I
stand on the table I can't see where
China is that's from Ed's Bay whole show
laptop that one Oh Tina who xalapa 59
these are hard to say thank you to the
joke what about this miss spunky city
monkey said why did the pregel alive
because she's the ruler ribbit okay
where's the cowboy this is more of a
riddle it's pi
returnable it is a cowboy a cowboy rides
into town on Friday and leaves and and
three days later he leaves on Friday
how did he do it what do no no his horse
was named Fred 109 even listen to the
question what are you doing then well I
can't eat and listen at the same time
can you walk and chew gum cowboy rice
can you ignore your mother and - yes I
can
three days later leaves on Friday
leaves on Friday already found a good
one
Tigger lost Pooh so they looked down the
toilet who was that from the same guy oh
and the last one is from Annie look what
did the traffic light say to the person
in the car there's a stop right what is
that no really again what did the
traffic light say to the person in the
car don't look I'm changing I think you
wanted to try to guess what are you
talking so I'm in mommy's room and I'm
adding the editing my video and it's
almost time to go to bed so I'm going to
do some little parts this meat was my
last and final level find me um I was
doing this and I was looking at that
person really once I was good before ass
person look I know when I'm coming cuz
on that person's watching you yeah first
of all it was better huh yeah way better
LM sitting here editing we're gonna move
on to the question today the question of
the day is what what do you think you'll
be great at when you're an adult and why
I would probably be a good master coach
because when we're on the trampoline I
always bought hailey on deck hamstrings
and front handsprings and bounders which
is you can never make bridges I think
that's mine Sam
Wow let's go it it's going great lengths
how are you
excuse me how's it going how's it going
links here's your tail use your damn
that Katie got you uh-huh want that tail
and you get mad at me it oh hello say
I'm mad Oh a man
um mask I like it I'm sorry Winx I'm
sorry
Eddie we're gonna do about a dude you
know I like you did you know I love you
I got all these nerves okay yeah chief
if you do I invited some friends to come
and help us with the pudding today and
tell us what they want and you may have
seen them once or twice is that 1k above
and that ones I got this yeah your
tailor yeah so the question is what do
you think you'll definitely be great at
when you read an adult and why you know
what do you think you'll be good at when
you grow up
um being a teacher you know why because
why cuz I like it cause you can bet your
ass is good ask for answers okay
oh um baseball a baseball player because
I'm good because I'm good at it right
now it should all be did it exactly she
wanted to be like become like um like a
very good baseball player like a famous
one oh just a very good one sure way
okay nobody sure I was seeing that
coming
hmm okay so anyways so don't forget to
comment down below cuz we wanna know the
question for today is what do you think
you definitely be good at or great at
when you're an adult and why baked
potato baby
okay
