good morning is it a breakfast in bed
kind of day oh hello are you ready for
another day on set
yeah know your lines
okay Annie Annie has a long day on
school set she has only one scene which
is a later call time but she's gotta go
with us it's only like an hour later so
it's not worth coming at separate time
so she's gonna start school before of
all time and then I don't know what her
one scene is today so we're gonna figure
it out I don't know if she'll come home
early or she'll wait breath it just
depends on how long Haley is there
I think Haley is there all day again so
we are gonna get out of this apartment
and get on with our day
I hope if yeah the spirit Haley its 7:26
as my guess Oh
7:29 we're leaving here at 7:45 for an
8:15 call time okay yeah we are we are
fill those little bellies and let's are
you guys dressed yet yeah well right I
got to get your clothes to that you were
yesterday you're wearing those again
today all right here we go ready
everybody have a great day this is the
cool room good morning everybody
sometimes he does silly things
Oh Jimmy laughing rush what time are you
filming
bless you sixteen I heard Hayden's and
six of the six scenes today yes his
lucky day
you guys just talk the exact thing
that's crazy that movie inspires them
they talk in that what yes you're doing
a lot of school it's like a breakfast
burrito I'm sure can I try his where we
belong it's Mexican tell us also like it
could be marinara I don't know what this
stuff is can I look at it without
touching
it's probably like a breakfast burrito
I'm not starting to eat eggs Manny got
sidetracked she's supposed to be going
to do school hey I can't even film
anything cuz paint got a big head and I
think pages well hey no hate and I said
when a Hayden goes to set she goes to
school and look at her she's not at
school
what's wrong what's wrong can i well can
you I think I would get two things and
uh no okay I'll grab this one alright
this looks delicious I'm going to eat
this that's kind of look good and I
don't even like eggs I don't need any
vomit rat to have beans in it
well there you go maybe you check in
here - that's probably water but I don't
see a cup so very good bottle of waters
in there there's some fruit coming now
this is what wrong with the set light
come on walk this way come on come on
Johnson go by yourself too late you
already left the table not allowed to go
back all right Hayley's in hair and
makeup right here girls Annie oh they're
in here they're not on set yet dang it I
thought y'all went on set I'm like Annie
come to school but you could do school
while they're going over live it she was
homeschooled her whole life look at page
someone ring a bell
oh they're going to set
hey we're not on say yeah we're just
going down there yeah no that's going
descent so she's gonna do school okay
bye guys bye staying at those moms I can
hug her goodbye but the lady doesn't
yell go bye guys she's good know with
school and eat at the same time
Annie remember when you used to listen
to me those were the good old days is it
is it good this is the best stuff ever
all right I'm gonna go check on my hey
hey check a pay and you when I come back
in here you're gonna be sitting down
quietly doing school right Paige she's
gonna be all right
what you're seeing today
oh wait gut without giving too much away
oh no I'm in numbers plan where are you
standing say hi you get in trouble yeah
okay that's all you can get right all
right yeah what's your partner's I'm do
you think she's doing school you didn't
even bring her stuffing you didn't even
bring your school stuff in your call
time is in less than an hour
I said hey man I wanted you to get up
and she said hold on let me finish it
with no burrito is it all right so if
you could be back in five minutes that
would give you 45 minutes before you're
called time to get stuff done and then
you're gonna come back here after hair
and makeup yes ma'am thank you
okay we are on set rolling
Andy was missing all the fun so we've
come out here to pull up ourselves and
do some spelling while we watch the
scene we've got
who's in it rush ticket if I said I
always do that rush Hayden and Carson
are shooting a little scene over here in
this grass and we didn't want to miss
any of the fun because it's actually a
really funny scene it's people aren't
happy let's just say that I don't know
what episode it is though but they're
getting ready to roll again in the new
world however they were annie has some
major support for school right now that
face face support all around its history
fire and he like vlog my leg I'm like
that's weird
we were vlogging her leg because she was
sitting on a bench doing school and she
came in so that can I have a jacket
because this bench is hurting John she's
wrapped Haley is not so she's doing
school sitting outside that's so pretty
out and we're looking at we're going
through rock your hair photos picking
our favorites so we can post some later
what are you doing getting sidetracked
okay good you got a hundred here I was
griping at her do school she seemed so
sidetracked today but that makes me feel
better because I thought she was getting
so distracted and that she was gonna
fail
yay history that's a wrap on the day
yeah too many cameras it's true she's
been on a camera all day you had two
long days my friend going strong and
he's wrapped I don't know where she went
Hailey's wrapped there she is
photobombing
oh we got all kinds of photo bombers
what what we're photo bombing lady in
the trance
did I miss the pictures was i late
tomorrow we're going to rhyme for him in
CK's room own house for cheating it
you want your own house yep yep nope
don't want to look at Annie and hate and
when there's Louie and Haley just
kidding are cute look at that Edie dogs
11 months old
look the other dog when you pick that
one up whoa they got inspired by the
dancing on the photo shoot now they want
to learn to dance
yeah come on Dancing with the Stars
these two want to go on Dancing with the
Stars and you just questioned me y'all
were dancing on the photo shoot yes yes
yes sweet home yeah
are you filming we're home oh yes it's
dinnertime and we're this yes it did oh
it didn't make its way home though look
I pulled all the seats out so I could
vacuum while we were gone
where'd you go we're gonna eat some
leftovers or you can eat breakfast food
or I can make this possibly I bet you
knees under the bed I bet you he got all
tangled it's like looking for an animal
when you go home
I found you a bad luck you got stuck it
might be easier to go the other side all
right
oh it was a long day Annie Annie had one
scene but it took poor oh if it fits you
that's what I think it's too big all
right so we are gonna scrounge for
dinner we're gonna do leftovers and then
we're going to bed you can't go to bed
before you eat dinner we have our
earliest call time it's a 7:30 call time
but Ethan the director right before we
left he's like okay guys you can get
there a little later if you want where
both of them are filming for both of
them are filming tomorrow in Ryan's room
so that'll be exciting okay look
no I'm not playing the mother they're
casting a mom it said to be determined I
know it's gonna be so cool I don't want
you to have a period okay I won't take
it away from her pho but I'm just like
come on I thought when she turned ten
maybe
and then that passed and then I'm like
okay twelve now I'm like alright
thirteen two months all right we'll be
back a little bit later we just wanted
to say hey after a long day of work they
worked I sat around but sometimes it's
hard to sit down I mean sit around you
guys in that Haley's blanket yeah you're
gonna drop that fight like sisters that
breadstick y'all mean whoa no all right
my friends we'll be back with a question
of the day right when we snuggle up in
the bed and we'll see you in a little
bit is it waffles that was pancakes so
it is definitely fend for yourself ffy
in letters
it means figure out something for
yourself you're spinning for yourself
Hey
this is like a one day we can just do a
question of the day now I think we're
good
you know how to talk all right what's
the question of the day all right uh
peanut butter or jelly peanut butter
jelly on bricks no I don't like Grich
maybe no I didn't
all right I like learning about
everybody in the comments and do you
like learning about us do you guys like
the question of the day ah it just gives
us a topic to visit are there a spider
in the car all right guys
tune in tomorrow and yeah do all that
kind of stuff and we'll see you guys wo
because they're cute little faces
tomorrow we don't get to see their cute
little faces like
know that hey hey hey what do you say
it's time for the question of the day
remember we used to do that every night
and then I got tired of it and then we
didn't do it for a while are you in
heaven all right thanks for watching
I've said goodbye a million times but
for real save it for tomorrow
no always remember to celebrate thanks
for watching
Brit Haley
