but your weary soul to rest yeah I will
try to do my best to keep you safe
inside
the gravity
to birth
more cloudy
but somebody's go
burn the stormy cloud
I'm home from school and it was a two
hour early dismissal and right now I'm
gonna practice my guitar because I
haven't practiced today we got home from
school and it was a rainy day and so I
didn't want to go outside because I
didn't want to get wet and stuff and so
then we cleaned a little and now I'm
doing guitar so I didn't go outside so
I'm in finally else to do that's fun two
days ago this is what I was doing this
is what Mommy was filming me doing but
you couldn't see what I was doing you
just could just hear it and I it was
active power practice and this is what I
was doing
this means upstroke he won't watch watch
my
that's fancy you sell fancy
your brain shaking in there when you
shake your head like that oh my gosh I
almost forgot
me and Sydney video that we did together
is up on acro Anna so go and check it
out link somewhere around here
happen practically I need a check on I
can next evolve Eden watch Annie just
discovered texting on her iPhone
we just set it up I love I love mm-hmm I
love with a be okay
does that eight-year-old talk yeah I
love my mommy's a bit most yeah your
room looks better
it's almost ready for the vacuum
this is my favorite part it you know the
smiley faces we've created a monster
gymnastics continuing continuing our
spirit week the theme of today is I
think you can guess what I have or some
black moustache and a moustache a
moustache kittens shirt a moustache
necklace a new mustache necklace
earrings and then I shoes let's say I
love mustaches or nerd
and then I just a black pair of pants
and then I have a little purse of
mustaches a duct-tape first set someone
gave me for mail and it has my water
bottle in it really really excited about
this scene because everybody when when
my coach said how about mustache day
everybody raised their hand cuz it all
everybody picked like everybody raised
to the hand and got one and then we did
a vote and mustache day was one of them
three let me see your nails love it
matching colors I waited here really
patiently while you got your nails done
so the suckers for me right
ana tootsie roll
cause you were patient that's what
happens when your good life lesson 899
yeah true what's your story true that
true that homie for you guys to answer
whoever has whoever guesses those of the
right and one comment will give a shower
in a few days but they both have to be
in one comment and they have to be
correct it has to be the first person
who comments so the first person who
comments on who comments to both of the
two clues and giving you will get a
shower in a few days but they remember
they have to be both in one comment so
comment down below as soon as you know
that answer
hurry um you can get you can get more
than one you can guess as many as you in
but they have to be in one comment guys
you get one correct and you don't have
the other one on your list or gonna be
confused so let's get here it's clear
number one and you can't guess okay
because you'll give the answer away
that was the first pillu now moving
under the second clue okay so that was
the second clue and that was the
question today so comment down below
remember there has to be two there has
to be the two answers and one comment
and we'll see you tomorrow
and I can't say my regime don't forget
to comment down below cuz meaning that
the question of the day is what's the
answer
bye geez why are you gonna act something
out yes hey I just need to warn
everybody but I have no idea what she's
about to act out but you guys can try to
guess yeah I'm gonna turn the camera you
can tell me they can guess and then
we'll try to remember to tell them what
it was
okay don't say it yep okay and that's
total mommy
I'm baked potato baby
