today Albert Ayler would you weary soul
to rest yeah I will try to do my best to
keep you safe inside this nest
I'd like to say
it's more clear when it's more cloudy
everything
earn the stormy cloud
hey guys want the pet thought and she
didn't keep those aren't gonna be pigs
relax they're hamsters yeah yeah cuz we
need to get the guinea pig seafood
that's why we're here thank you Oh doing
ID okay yo Poulos oh they're so cute
you make so fun oh because he's my purse
up I guess mmm
they're ferrets dog hey mr. doodle
oh the gecko look now those are rats
yeah these are we're in the rest
function okay I'm a little freaked out
right here rats do it oh my gosh goodbye
this is are so cute hey that sets tools
not for you young lady do you work here
you got a bit down I see the bird we
already looked at those that's you and
Caleb and Andy right there who is that
um Toshi off in la-la land I need to
move never word the food but those egos
hi-yah all right here take this honey
now go pay all right yeah this is your
take it too long move it you have your
wallet with you today
all right move out go go go
all right I'll hold one if I'm lost
holy cow there's someone in here little
girl
I knew present oh my gosh it's the best
present ever let me unwrap it
oh hi okay take a little nap all right
hey come with me
okay come with me oh I like your head
all right let's go maybe your seat
these are pillowcases not sheep moms
ganges left you cozy in here back you
liked it thank you cause what I'm gonna
buy now we got to find cheese no for me
for my dad mommies and daddies bed you
have new sheets that yours are still
pretty new yes
no dumping doing are you gonna buy me
I'm gonna buy you yeah we're gonna scan
you and you're gonna say babe it's gonna
say you cost one penny oh sorry you cost
a million dollars you cost five billion
dollars
yeah no more priceless Haley can dig
yeah good you're big I know we just
little beep mommy just literally picked
us
from school because I have guitar
lessons literally right after school me
about 20 minutes to get there so exactly
yeah no actually 21 to that multi-point
okay so anyways we've we have had a busy
weekend so far we have a busy was good
every time we come home from school we
have to have something to do right after
it like tomorrow Gayle has baseball and
all of that so it's just been a really
busy weekend and so right now we're
ready to guitar and mommy brought us
some snacks
I mean chickens right oh and there's tax
trucks next and some peanut butter and
jellies I don't know why you saying
weekend because I meant a week sigh
about that
oh and Calum has a field trip tomorrow
but the story behind that was that I
didn't turn it in until a few days ago
and tomorrow is a field trip so I didn't
think I was gonna get to go because it
was late
but I did where are you going
hey orchestra the reason why cuz he
could make a decision if he wanted us go
to school without and not go to field
trip or go to future and finally he
decided no I decided use either I I went
or I would have been putting 4th grade
class I wasn't interested it really
interested in going to be Orchestra but
I definitely didn't want to go into a
fourth grade class sorry for the players
but I like this bitch today
and for three
there we go
we just need one we're not buying all
these tennis balls no looking for him
yeah only one I got one
everybody put them back oh I need some
tennis balls need feed why we need to
talk about this the difference we need
and one I want to install don't need one
we don't need you but no Caleb does not
play tennis if you're wondering hit me
the head I'm gonna speak he just likes
to play baseball with them
don't hide behind me where'd the little
one go Oh founder has purple tennis
balls mm-hmm
oh there um yeah racquetball right and
then nothing done okay that all you
needed I mean excuse me at all you
wanted your size no no no we're just
gonna use the ones that are down you
don't need a bike
the god new bike and I'm running to
cuddling and doing you got to push that
one that's bought down here further down
it not down enough push that one down
there we're still trying to get this
figured out she might have it now
learning the pedals really hard but once
you get it you got it yes look how many
time did you go around good job
fantastic you got it going again
someone's doing it every time I say it
she loses it like I'm jinxing you you
are me gee nothing okay I won't tell you
you gotta get that foot going oh that's
okay your wheel just not catching baby
yeah you've got something for your
baby's back here huh yeah she has a like
a car seat I'm fourth I think it could
be for your American Girl doll for
safety yeah alright let me see you get
started from a complete stop can you do
it
you can don't say I can't you got to
move that with your foot thank you that
was a great choice
come on whoa it doesn't wobble whoa I'm
gait balance one foot after the other
push-up foot all the way to the ground
before you start the other one I hope I
don't get to yes that means you get a
toy you hope you don't get toyish yeah
kid that's when I get a toy you got a
bug on you we eating out that wolf what
Apple forever
yeah are you trying to say for the first
time ever Oh without your knee or your
elbow knee on the table what you did
what
almost you got to jump and twist a
little bit more yeah that was better so
now me okay are you eating now
yeah they finally joined us and it's
time to question a bit the question of
the day you've got media we haven't
asked it yet huh question of the day is
what do you think the hardest part about
being blindfold is not really
blindfolded blind
yeah walking walking why me you know are
you going okay
why you couldn't do it ride a bike with
your eyes closed mine is getting dressed
because I did a sudden officer setting
off some kids video and it like me water
a day and I got dressed put my shirt on
backwards oh I can practice so that one
was trying to get easy for me from afar
because I got to actually experience
bye-bye no I could just say my routine
don't forget to comment on because
mooning at the zoo today is what I think
the hardest part of things lined it's
not good they move that's before I want
to hear you expect that means I have to
get up yeah okay hey Haley do you love
it I think so and you've got food on
your face are you saving it for later we
already played this game that was your
trick you wanted to show me okay well
you got one trick before I have to go
clean the kitchen
I see you yeah I'll see your trick in a
second
you're turning too soon god I do it like
you're about to do a back handspring
that was a little better yeah well not
the part where you fall yeah one more
chance baked potato baby
ah
