but your weary soul to rest yeah I will
try to do my best to keep you safe
inside
the gravity
to birth
more cloudy
but somebody's go
burn the stormy cloud
hey everybody it's me Annie long time
I've been kids actually and so we have
had a busy weekend which is good and we
did all that and now mean here we're
just enjoying outside cuz it's so it
actually feels like spring today due
this spring isn't it
don't hit me okay cuz I can't see you
when I'm faced this way and we're gonna
have a busy evening because I've guitar
is done but the happiest thing that
we're going to buy and I'm about to go
in and do my homework and just for right
now meteor playing outside and I want to
show you some tricks but sure I haven't
probably seen all of them but okay let's
go actually I think I haven't showed you
this Trevor the world you probably seen
it before
I thought you read on the back
handspring I'm gonna try to add my
thanks Rach
yeah i'ma try nice didn't get tucked
again wait did we film at your standing
back cutting no I don't think with filly
laps oh we bored them with a bunch of
other trampoline fun but I don't think
we've done your standing back down here
and and one of them like close
how many tries you think it will take a
knee to land one one chance so far okay
clear chances she attacked you what'd
you do did you step on her town
front tuck doesn't sound safe hailey you
have to stay tight I don't think this is
a good idea
no no I'm drawing a line at that between
front tux and back tux
all right last trick make it a good one
this homework time oh you can do it go
again cuz I don't think I followed you
it's a camera
whoa cool you're so graceful Haley yeah
we'll see you later if you don't want to
bore you with gymnastics so we'll see
you later
music Schiele sleeping
and editing the video
yeah so we're basically living in the
car today because we're gonna have to go
to Bible study and repacked Panora jump
in butter and jellies to go what song do
you have playing send the love by Justin
Timberlake oh do you know that song yeah
do you like that phone what's your
favorite song who's your favorite mommy
what's your favorite video on YouTube
who's your favorite sister what's your
favorite food
look it's Caleb it's gonna be past caleb
noe from yesterday yep look at Caleb's
funny hair
you didn't have a mirror did you you
didn't know how high up it was you
should get your hair cut like that and a
mohawk when I get a summer mohawk a
summer faux hawk no no man interested in
them all right I think we lost Caleb to
the music for her do that because I
didn't see anything and we're gonna have
another question of the day it's a good
go back three years in the past
no you can go back three years in the
future if you could go back so it's it
it is if you go three years back in the
past what would you tell yourself yeah
like what advice would you give yourself
right I know I would tell myself to not
go on the green side wet with Dew nog I
would on the green side but not just
with Olivia like with more people on it
because they were too late so we would
say a grateful flawed and mean Olivia
got stuck in us slide and do is creepy
because I'm gonna describe it I'm an
active you five words slide dark scary
lights Oh
so basically I would tell myself to get
more people to go on the right with us
okay Hayley so you have to take yourself
back three years ago so that means you
were one what would one year-old tell
what would one-year-old Hayley tell
four-year-old Hayley no no no no you're
confused what would you want that
no what you were telling them yeah you
talked to do what you didn't that wasn't
my family's now are you over there going
back in time to tell no now the
one-year-old is telling the
four-year-old no future right what
advice would you okay come out because I
think I hear what you guys are saying
now I didn't think of it that way I'm
thinking of a totally opposite of you
guys aren't I yeah I'm saying what would
if you went back three years what would
you tell your future self and you're
saying what would you tell your past
self right yes
no Annie was telling her future self not
to go on the side Annie was going of
Annie's eight so she was going back
three years so five year old Annie was
telling eight-year-old Annie not to get
on the slide
maybe I'm backwards maybe your ways
better once okay let me think you're
telling so eight year old Annie's
telling five-year-old Annie something
that's what you guys we're doing
because we were going back three years
and we thought that if I was thinking
that move past Annie would tell future
Annie something something you didn't
know something to be ready no that's
what I'm saying so you would go back to
the past and learn from your learn from
your mistakes
like Annie learned something that she
would do differently like not to go on
the slide with too few of people oh my
gosh you guys so say the same things
every question we do Annie always talks
about the slide at Great Wolf Lodge and
caleb always talks about so those are
the most traumatic part of life
farinelli could they both included water
the weird thing about mine is that the
lights turned off the music turned off
but the water was going faster so what
you're doing is seven year old Caleb
would tell ten year old Caleb to not get
in the way for okay so 10 year old Caleb
would warn seven year old Caleb about
wave pools yes I like my way better he's
having a coughing 10 year old Caleb
which oh hey seven year old Caleb to not
go on in the web for I think seven year
old Caleb took one Sanyo
but I see what you guys are saying maybe
I'm wrong okay
Hayley what would four-year-old Hayley
tell one-year-old Hayley to not whine
about gymnastics I'm going to do maths
it nope I don't want guessing that I
guess no you do just tell us no we don't
know yes we don't think yeah she's gonna
tell her one year old self that that she
needs to be nicer to her brother Oh
family no don't you love when Caleb uses
big words and they don't even really
make sense it's my favorite game why
would she be nice to her dignity no all
right so this compass question of the
day went totally wrong was that quick
but a Lundy know which way which way
these comments are gonna be totally long
because they're gonna have to explain
which one they're doing mommy wins team
mommy or team crazy kids let's say you
are eight and you go back to the future
that I think it's young you is warning
old you what she saying
five-year-old you is telling
eight-year-old and you guys are saying
old you is warning young you yeah it
doesn't matter they can do whatever they
want
hello don't it
this is my bed hey got it that time what
you don't get don't forget to comment
down below cuz he won and with the
question of the day is it's like if you
can go back three years to the past what
advice would you give yourself
I think advice would you give yourself
your way doesn't make any sense
bye see you tomorrow
damn you I'll have a crazy outfit on
meet you I will you gotta wait and see
what she's talking about
