we're bright and early on a Saturday
morning it is still really the one
behind me it's in the six o'clock hour
hey Annie is still asleep behind us she
walked out and said don't film me so
we're not gonna film her right now cuz
we're gonna respect her privacy she's
just not in the mood but Haley is going
to be on set today with us we're filming
at a school
so we're filming some school scenes
harmonies coming out today I think it is
all I think we're everybody's called
time as at 8:00 so we got to leave here
to put with leave in like 20 minutes
it's almost 7:00 you know there's
usually food on set so if you guys want
a little something you can but you could
eat breakfast on set
food food food that's all I do on set is
eat and sit there so I took a walk
yesterday I did because that was a
getting stir-crazy okay so we're getting
ready to leave I think Paigey poo is
coming with us
so everybody's awake some of us are in
better moods and others I know I think
you get a day off soon in a couple days
and she just gotta sleep in alright
that's your morning update with Haley
actually really with mommy because I
don't stop talking okay we'll see you
guys later okay guys so we are here I
walked in this room and there are a
bunch of crazy people that I know okay
so I'm here with
and that's what we're doing right now
what's wrong what's you got in trouble
they all looked at me like they didn't
like me well you know I was kidding we
love you Paige we were just like in the
way of the walkway yeah he's he's used
to being on that side the camera he's
like me we're used to this yeah this is
what we do
I'm good hair yes we are comfortable our
comfort zone is right here look at the
bruise on her leg from yesterday you are
gonna get in trouble somebody coming see
I think the school principal is coming
and you could be like it's okay I used
to be a gymnast okay we'd walk on bars
all the time can you still do a pullover
she said she's losing her flexibility
you're pretty counter rush I love your
socks are they Marvin the Martian
this is Jenny and last season or well
the first for the sport what is your
title on this on you were and you were
an ad that right now you're the
production she really just is everything
Jenny does everything if you need
something done you get Jenny so I'm
gonna explain something real quick so
this we're not doing season two of
checking girls this is a continuation of
season one so we're just on a break
alright so Annie gets to go home
she's wrapped for the day it looks like
when earlier last time we were trying to
wrap remember and no one was less like
we were wrapping the show and no one was
listening but then as soon as Ian the
director and the director did it
everybody listened
when the director speaks everybody
listens
she's wrapped I feel like he's really
nice
I met your director he's really nice so
she's gonna do great
all right Hayley Andy's going on to do
school I didn't need a hug don't worry
all right we're going to get your
backpack because you're gonna go home
and do a little school and just hang out
right you're going to the pool I bet you
are any day Hey
are you doing school first you're
swimming first just out of curiosity why
what go into like one or something I'm a
little jealous two kids who are filming
scenes I'm stuck here I get to just sit
here and get stir-crazy and eat I know
I'm so excited
Hayley's camera ready camera ready hair
and makeup oh not camera-ready yet cuz
you're not in wardrobe you know yeah you
are
it looks good you know you look like
Hayley
nine year old I'm gonna say that Hayley
harmony Oh
whoa we've gone through a pool and I
could just celebrate alright let's go
we're gonna have blacked eating a lot we
said what have you been you have been
vegging out yes I have been eating
scoops of peanut butter everything that
she can see it gets better
we might guys pretty cool we might go
shopping today
alright so day off is gym time she can't
stay away guys she can't stay away so
what are you gonna do today we already
went to the pool did we do a film at the
pool nope she's trying to take a day off
from everything huh what look at me
okay what so we laid out got tan dad no
that sounds good can we start off with
the bicycle to like warm up huh I don't
know I think it's like a real bicycle
like a legit one
huh
all right I don't know all right you've
also get this wife from but you let me
press it huh
hold your hair okay go here depress it
your wiener president that's one way to
get water or here's what you could do
your second option right here that do
she decided to do the hard thing so
we're done gonna work out and we're just
probably gonna watch with Justin Bieber
movie with and all right
huh boy yours how come how do you mean
like we're gonna watch this movie with
I'm a great vlogger straighter so yeah
that's what we're doing here one day
here you guys will be burn paid wonder
hang you now oh oh oh that's great sorry
it realized this is my job
Oh returns again I'm eating human gosh
we order pizza again Paige and Haley
went to Target it's a beautiful a night
this is actually like really pretty
mommy that's lighting but I'll use
pretty like really pretty face this way
whole page you want to help go bring him
bring paper towels we got there's a
surprise for you oh you're that bad she
only has two hands only one what it's
tradition when we watch movies here with
Hayden we get cookies I want one cookie
stop whining about it Paige you're the
best she treats you differently
Hayden Hayden spoiled your are you
spoiled here no Haley thinks you're
spoiled here thank you I appreciate it
hey have you ever done one of our
questions of the days yeah okay never
mind I mean no yeah we're gonna do one
anyway all right do you do you have
honored no how are they supposed to
describe the best cookie it looks
delicious
okay favorite kind of cookie we're gonna
go with that thank you okay
I would peanut butter yes
Hayden favorite kind of cookie
no foreplay right yes stop in the flavor
it's a not a play for cookie man is this
cookie yes Eminem's and come up what are
you serious
alright so we are gonna finish the movie
and then Hayden's going actually
Hayden's going home before the movie
ends sorry mr. Jimmy's calling you right
now I probably called me and I didn't
answer he did hello
sorry we missed your call we're doing
the question of the day my bad okay yeah
that one work I guess you're here
alrighty then we'll bring him down okay
all right bye oh hey didn't pass a high
bolita and we'll see you guys tomorrow -
on that note finding you really
wondering I don't I mean I do but I
don't you don't need three oh they're
delicious
yeah I know see you tomorrow
always remember to celebrate life
babe
thanks for watching
the tailee
