one two three what your weary soul to
rest yeah I will try to do my best to
keep you safe inside this
into Earth
it's more clear when it's more cloudy
every day but summer is gone
turn the stormy cloud
so today uh we're celebrating our 50,000
subscribers Wow and now 52,000 oh no
it's to go get this shout out goes to
cupcakes bye
so this is how it works okay so
everybody gets Hawaiian Punch I can of
unopened wine punch I don't think you're
gonna see who can drink okay in Hawaiian
Punch the fastest is you stop drinking
we have to be talking so if you stop
drinking then you have to say a word and
then go back to drinking
stop looking don't you and then the best
ice wins
okay so I'm going first ready set go
been in
it
you have
44:20 I thought it was done drinking
because I feel like in it so I poured it
out and we saw that some came out boy
kept drinking my turn table gonna open
it for me because I don't really know
how to head off
okay are you ready yes are you set go
captain
Oshie the dog
give up just a what do I do with Mama
siani right okay so any school doesn't
count but when she did give up it was
still after mine one okay did she get it
is still after mine it was one seventeen
point three hey Michael is about less
than half in here so good job Annie
Haley every time you stop drinking you
got to say something bit right you got
to drink it faster than me okay okay
sweet God
don't spill it hold it hold it in huh
Betty are you sad yes
yeah
I can't
Drina
yes
No
yeah
little gear buzz and
okay
don't keep going
I think this is getting my time I give
up one minute would you already done
okay yeah well you can finish that why
would you say give up if you she just
said give up you took another drink one
minute 40 seconds to wait one minute 40
seconds dude we don't it okay little uns
okay Haley you have about half okay so
the winner is Hey look second place me
that's like no actually you guys tired
cuz you don't give up no you don't more
no but I drank more but they both gave
up hey whatever I think you for 15,000
subscribers if you think about it that
is a lot so just saying thank you to all
the subscribers out there I like to say
that this YouTube channel and of course
mate it wasn't supposed to be like this
it was just loosely so we could look
back and see what we're doing in life
but now people have been subscribing and
now we're at 50,000 subscribers it's
just amazing
all the dolls my pocket is it like I
said
