but your weary soul to rest yeah I will
try to do my best to keep you safe
inside
the gravity
to birth
more cloudy
but somebody's go
burn the stormy cloud
it is Saturday morning and I'm gonna
catch you up of what we did today um
first well really all we did was watch
TV until mommy came down and said we're
having a cleaning party party is when
she thinks it's fun but it's not but
we're going to it Dyson's Easter eggs
today so we have to cuz you know why
just because no one's coming over to our
house doesn't mean our house shouldn't
be clean right tada oh let's not put
that down there yeah we have a hole that
goes down to our basement for the cable
lines but we don't have a cable line
that going down there stuck a phone
charger down there oh you're mad it
won't go all the way down because of
this it'll be fun it'll be like a
beading party playing minecraft until
the house is clean for as long as it
takes
no an hour
music doesn't help
music makes it better what do I tell you
guys every time we clean if you would
just work with me here what do I say
that means it's going in one ear and out
the other
you can't answer Haley what do I always
say if you would just clean up as you go
what is it Caleb yeah you wouldn't have
a baby yeah if you would clean up as you
go you want to go see your room and see
what I mean no if you don't want to show
them your room which is why we haven't
had a room tour because the kids can't
keep the rooms clean long enough for
like an hour
hmm come on let's turn the music on and
party Paul I can't go until you turn the
music on cuz right now
okay let me turn the music on yeah all
right musics on get up party this is not
much of a party
okay let's got a little pep in his step
who wants the broom
now you're fighting over who's cleaning
I've got a Swiffer for you
why don't we even need a broom Annie
can't we just go around picking the
stuff up off the floor with your tub
today it actually feels like spring
maybe even summer it is a burning card I
even need a fan huh
and so after we cleaned it feels good to
get outside and play did the trampoline
and while I was doing that
I did my tuk tuk tuk so I'm going to
show you Oh first I'm doing one another
one
well I didn't really well there's deer
out there can't see them on the camera
but they just ran baths true t-bone to
all the animals there are you out of
hibernation t-bone how's it thank you
ma'am no room no flowers blue let's
teach new great habits to undercut I
think you could keep going if you kept
undercutting how many things she did you
can't do it you can't stay in one place
we're missing its head and her name's
Annie
we got Bella and machen and live you and
Caleb and hey and Wyatt and Brody fail
Olivia Annie and Bella are well not
anymore
so we're dyeing Easter eggs in Olivia's
house so it's got rubber bands so when
you take the rubber bands off it's got a
stripe that how it works
Haley that's a gorgeous egg Caleb
Haley's love it Mason she lives for them
going give for them at the same time
yeah this one's yours
alright and he's trying to hide her eggs
yeah cuz she wants to keep them we'll
find a safe spot for them let me see
your glitter so sparkly we see what you
do don't hurt Mason
let me get a good look at how glittery
differently are you can't touch anything
in this house now ever especially that
poor boy sighing the wait wait wait we
glittered the eggs and now we're
glittering ourselves yeah I guess so
just one more mom glitter rific babe I
