today on retailers don't worry if you if
you send just one way back then like
that girl did like on Christmas sorry
about that
takes a while to get here and then it
takes like a month just to open it a
weary soul to rest
yeah I will try to do my best to keep
you safe inside this
the gravity from pulling you to earth
it's more clear when it's more cloudy
everything but summers go
for the store the cloud
all the town away
Toshi it snows last night outside no you
go down go down go down go it's pretty
thick good girl
everything's white kids are awake
snowing the window I can't believe it -
almost the end of us when it's snowing
and it's spring spring break if the
groundhog was wrong
I'm watching your how was your Christmas
I hope it was amazing and you've got
what you wanted for hey what's your
favorite TV show
hey Haley yep okay thank you
right now gonna organize all the mail
and just eight miles and see who's
winning right now I think California and
in Florida and then but of course oh
good
okay so right now meet me they're gonna
go outside in the snow and we're gonna
play
and it's still snowing it's still
snowing and mommy is doing the mail and
me and Tony are going outside in the
snow
I think the prettiest thing it when it
snows is the trees we're outside look
how big the snow is Wow
I'm scared to walk in it step in it
watch go it's really big go okay I just
wanted to film hailey stuffing this down
we'll see you later
you know we got to go to gymnastics how
are we gonna do that
well I have a scraper we were gonna film
cleaning us no off the car but the
windshield wiper broke when mommy picked
it up to get all the snow off and then
we didn't knock mommy didn't have time
to film and she had to get that back on
and now we have to boogie on down to
gymnastics because or else we're gonna
be late and it's still snowing outside
and it's March it's coming down pretty
well I can see them out my window that's
better
pretty clear of the snow yeah let the
snowplow vago first lose the snow out of
my way okay we'll see you later bye
by the way we finished separating the
states and countries but it took so long
that we forgot to show you guys and tell
you guys about who's winning and all
that
stuff there is a bunch of mail the
winning team the winning state or
country is California next is Florida I
think the next is Texas and that's all I
know but when we get home we'll go oh
get but when we get home we'll go
through it all we just didn't have
enough time if the windshield wipers and
a ladle Masterson we were rushing yeah
roaming also forgot her purse somebody
didn't forget one thing we'll see you
later okay so I just got back from my
guitar lessons and I was really excited
I like guitar better
I'm nothing I don't like singing I just
learned a lot in guitar and it's fun and
I made people to play you some chords
and I just can't wait until we get home
what you do is you hold the stick with
this and then you put your thumb over
like that and have them tiny picking up
I miss there
this means a high so that means your son
should be on the back pressing down hard
Caleb told me not first down hard and
then he told me to press down hard okay
as hard as I can okay so I'm going to
strum it eight times
we're gonna hold it we get to a stand
I'll be your stand I will be a stand
that's good my good stand by the best
and ever tell me the hush we're in a any
room
you want me to have you know hide one
father so what was that when you just
played nice send up a song the chord
that was a bit that was this one here's
good over can you hold it still you're
the best and I think you're a better
stand than me yep we got it I can play
that now you played three blind mice
wrong you're supposed to be on another
one I thought that this was a laugh that
this was last line but then I found out
that
and so on I told you she's gonna hurt
okay I gotta like I guess that means
you're pushing hard if there's a line he
says it's not supposed to happen
okay I wanna do the hard wine guys - are
you
sure you gave up already okay swing yeah
okay
got late dunk me Mommy Carl Lee hailey
now I'm doing CGC oh that sounds
complicated good luck
trying to do without looking
oh they're finally I heard some bloops
bloops this was a bloop like that
Otis that's all folks who says that
that's off remotely no with Sony's
cartoon here that blue oh my gosh let us
sit and do that and you're leaned over
oh my gosh up it's really complicated
that's the hardest Oh hate the highways
it hurts my bitch I'll get used to it
okay I sit right there
no wait this finger so much good then
that supposed to go right thing okay
yeah
good I think that's not good my gas
that's a hard one again yeah going back
to it what's that mean mm-hmm that means
I'm hurting all right I'm gonna go fix
dinner I'm gonna set this up here no I
mean I'm done but you're done he said to
only fight just to know I think you're
done then and so we tallied up this
these are the stats earthquakes
California 36 Florida 26 Texas in New
York came in third they top with the
time right now 21 and just for fun we
wanted to show you guys the people the
state Alaska had zero Connecticut has
zero zero New Mexico has even North
Dakota has Oklahoma has zero
Brewed island has zero and my only heads
around so if you're one of those states
in there you you Eddie and if you want
us to visit then you better never ever
send us a mail zenus send it to
bratayley five six thirty five main
street suite a P and B to five six that
really
seven oh seven nine one it down we're
gonna pick for follow random mail from
this who's dick du du-de du-de du-de du
and closest one to me and it's a big one
yes just really quickly we want to say
that if you don't see your mail on the
YouTube videos it's not because we
didn't believe them and we forgot about
it it's because these these videos took
a while to make so it's kind of hard for
us and so we still do read all of them
but some of them might not be on camera
because those would be really really
really really really long videos hi I'm
12 years old I'm from Eastern England
and I watch their videos every day
please never stop this is my lover Lance
he only likes surprises
can you just like decide who's and what
in there and this is why the videos the
male videos take so long
super Haley
Animists for Haley unfolded up hey guys
I like your shout out videos you shout
out videos that like is the one when
Annie and Hailey become rock stars and
their name is Molly really you guys are
so awesome awesome this is Daisy
Thank You Daisy
here I go good
returning from Bailey's best channel
ever armpit hair my baby and I am seven
years old I am a huge fan of your champ
I wish is to Justin Bieber okay thank
you
miss fabulous thank you another baby
shadow random Annie random and like I
said this is why to read all this mail
it would take hours and hours and hours
and hours by this is from Vienna this is
for me this is for my mom she gave this
little necklace
I got a necklace thank you Anna
it's the only time for right now but
we're gonna try to keep randomly picking
male since we're so far behind and you
have so much mail and we're keep getting
so much mail it's just thank you don't
have enough time so we're gonna try to
keep doing this we're gonna mommy's
gonna try to evidence not to she can and
so we are gonna we're gonna do all of
them some day but they might not they
might not all be on camera
there's some times you just read them
and all of grammar and sometimes we just
show everybody on here not but yeah but
don't worry if you is you suggest one
way back then like that drill did back
on Christmas sorry about that takes a
while to get here and then it takes like
a month just to open it open it we are
really far behind so we will continue
reading them all randomly but we have to
decide for gonna be to our camp so I
guess we'll see you next time which is
we're ready
based on database
