but you weary soul to rest
yeah I will try to do my best to keep
you safe inside this nest
who gravity from pulling you to earth
this gets more clear when it's more
cloudy every day but summer is gonna
come over this stormy cloud
all the way
we home from school news early dismissal
and the weird thing is is that Hayley's
not I can see you
the weird thing is not Hayley's not in
the car and usually well she's not in
the car because she goes to a different
school than us and we got out earlier
than her and she's not out of school and
it feels so weird because she's not in
the back she's not in the back she's at
school so we're going to Dunkin Dunkin
Donuts outer Shh feels like we're
missing someone that's cuz that's
because we are they aren't who well done
didn't I'd like just over for that we're
about to miss you thank you told you
didn't I was out mommy no my worst
nightmare no my greatest nightmare is
for me to have a mustache Mayer
no it's a youth chair
I like the Hello Kitty one better than
the princess one but I don't know if
they have it let me see if they have
either the princess Winona Hello Kitty
yeah you want to try it I buy you a new
chair are you gonna sit a minute
baseball tomorrow why don't I believe I
can't put you a thermos you can okay
we'll get kicked out of the stores
this one's gonna be this one there's
only he off but the only one good over
there all right let me dig through it
and see what we can find
all right
we are geared up for baseball tomorrow
we've got chairs we've got snacks um
what else we have drinks oh we need to
put some blankets in the car it's gonna
be chilly jackets hats gloves is it does
your hot dog pretzels good I know you
said it's really really is a hot dog
well what else would it be
a pretzel the pretzel dog well you can't
talk with mouth full that is bad manners
seriously but not joking to it up well
chat when you're done okay yeah we want
to keep our hands warm and I don't see
them they may be may not have any more
what yeah maybe they're hiding cuz hand
warmers can hide like that why don't we
go ask somebody instead of wandering
around here aimlessly
what about
straw all right let's go to the front
and ask
very needy I found it jackpot exact we
just got home and we're looking at the
Stars and we found the Big Dipper I
don't know but no it's pitch black I
can't see it at all can you see any Lee
I just looked up and I happy to see it
can you see it
sink blinks want them and you want them
to it's movie night let's go I have a
magic Leah leotard that I wore when I
first Levi kid and today I had a really
good Kip day so it's a magical yo her
kiss service and we're watching the
movie and so it's time for the question
of the day
we're gonna get back I'm gonna talk to
him but let's remember that is what your
favorite movie
have it in there wrong yeah you had the
popcorn in upside down yeah way to go
now you can clean my microwave out okay
you should be
we saw the stars out yeah saw the Big
Dipper Little Dipper you saw a little
Dipper no it's a little bit bubble gum
you don't even know the title of your
favorite movie the same name as me what
like we said we're going to watch a
movie it was popcorn so baby's gonna
answer the question of the day we can
understand or that time kind of you
couldn't you're in my spot you're in my
movie-watching spot your spot everything
so just because you have your blanket
out means you get the spot call it I'm
just kidding Caleb didn't want to be all
rude too late right
all right let's all snuggle up you
rudeness
we will not punch your sister all right
all right who wants popcorn Annie about
some popcorn
we'll all sit all cuddled up okay so
we're in our spot to watch the movie
you've got our popcorn all set so don't
forget to comment down below cuz we
wouldn't know the question of the day is
what your favorite movie caleb is GI Joe
mine's Mary Poppins and hey Weez those
hotel chains of Ã¦neas what is yours
bye see you tomorrow everybody take baby
