today we are taking over this vlog good
morning everybody we are out of bed and
we are getting ready for the day stuffy
stuffy Annie is that all it is just head
like not headache like head cold like
sinuses or throat mmm stinks
don't medicine my allergy medicine do
you think it's allergies that's the
problem sometimes you can't tell it ever
between allergies in a cold was pretty
sure mine was allergies because at that
time of year and we went home and I
started sneezing alright Halley's out of
the bath she's gonna do that hair
usually Haley's hair doesn't get washed
two days in a row but once it we went to
the pool yesterday and it got all
chlorine in it so we washed it out
should have washed it out right after
but we didn't we got sushi instead now
the agenda for today today we have a
quick meeting this morning and then
we're off to the set for chicken girls
if you tuned in yesterday you'll know
that we're going to the skating rink
today do you do yes under under so
that's what we're doing we're gonna hang
out with some frisbee haven't seen some
friends in a couple weeks since we left
right it was probably like a weekend huh
it'll be good to see them and try to get
this day started or drag it a little bit
today this morning not as much as we've
been dragging a comb perfect thing
I used this one yesterday she's trying
to get our part it's been given some
trouble lately so even usually we can do
it with a brush but I had them working
ok well that's your morning update
thanks for tuning in and we'll be back
in a flash
Annie loves all my commandery
what what's wrong hey she's not right
insult you he's worried it's just
infected a little not the second hole
oddly enough the first I don't think
it's infected but yeah that's I guess
that's the word so we're using the
cleaner just when I thought we were
gonna walk out the door and show her
first Shore outfits of the day and then
walk out the door she wants to go take
mirrors lb and the vlog camera be in it
I'm like so awkward at this primitive
where do I look oh all right outfits of
the day
Haley you're up Haley is doing the cash
actually they're both pretty casual rock
paper scissors
no first one okay she won
Annie is wearing some mom jeans from
garage paired with some white vans from
dirty white vans and from Tilly's she's
wearing a Smokey the Bear cropped yellow
shirt but she didn't even know what
smokey the bear love you so Amanda had
to explain to it explain her explain it
to her night hailey is super cash with
some black and white checkered vans
black sweatpants from justice and a girl
power shirt from poor zora I think she
might be right
it's my hair that's her favorite line
now get your backpacks that I packed up
for school today
and let's rock and roll we're going to
the mailbox Jessi because she ordered
some stuff and I think it got delivered
we can get this day started okay so the
bad news bad news the package is not her
sweatshirt because a sweatshirt can't
fit in here wearable we lost our game
werewolf so daddy ordered us a new one
so now it's going in the car with us
because we're literally mailed to the
car
no oversized sweatshirt but it said it
was delivered so we've got to like hunt
it down unless she sent it to the wrong
address all right we'll see you guys in
a little bit and he's first up the
meeting and Haley is entertaining me do
you think and he's in the back and Haley
doesn't handing me with dancing except I
turned the camera on and she got really
weird my little girls in a meeting all
by herself and then Haley's going and I
have to sit in this waiting room lonely
actually wait and you'll be in here with
me when you go I won't be alone
how do you do can you whistle you candy
can pad whistles aren't coming out very
loud I can usually whistle pretty well
one thing today
yeah we're at the scathing rollers blade
right yep sighs roller rink and matches
club
I'll buy yeah that's it we're on set oh
oh I see okay
what does not know how to do actually
you're out of focus there I'll be in
focus now I'm in focus oh we are taking
over this vlog so this is your log
you're here
hi guys i'm hayley leblanc and good
morning vlog so I love this part a li is
this Annie
good morning bratayley today and grant
and Hailey and we're going to be talking
about different kinds of chickens this
is called a grilled chicken this is
called a potato but this is cool -
chickens No
we just aim at Robbie Robbins oh hey
Rooney oh hey I know this Frankie yeah I
thought on your Instagram that's mine oh
hey Ellie
they just did a film but behind the
scenes right interviewed the whole cast
oh that's weird
all right but that's a wrap on that now
they're gonna get to filming some
episodes yeah hey ace I see what I'm
doing there I'm trying to remember
everybody's like name on the show and
it's really hard to keep track out
always is wearing hideous really sure
that's where heals alone on stage I
don't know how she locks on gym floors
like birdy
yeah yeah it's just a normal casual day
and then you see this no more the day
where would you like to go somewhere so
basically the trash man yeah so just
take her anywhere she wants to go that's
it and it's free
no tips no nose in it I'm fun do some
donuts like to do these donuts with you
well that's pretty good that's funny I
used to have this race car at my house I
wasn't like a big stop and then I used
to call it that doughnut and I just like
yeah yeah brush drop yeah she was fake
sleeping and they got mad because we
didn't believe her
we're home and we're going up to the
apartment of raising our foot to get to
get it oh hey hey we're gonna go home oh
we're gonna do some school so we didn't
get any school done today school night
oh you got a nap already though in a car
you said you were asleep okay well do a
little school and then you can go to bed
early tonight
I'll set an alarm for you an app an app
and then the school okay deal
good top that's what we're doing look
what we cleaned off the bathroom
whatever this is cold so we are going to
clean it off it's a little messy well
the wet right there this and mommy is
getting rid of Windex book wait it's
different yeah remember the time changed
but this is hot stuff at 5:15 it's now 6
all right let's go oh you have that you
have it Haley's gonna help clean the
bathroom or she did she's the one that
got cleared it she's gonna put all this
away and she's spraying you got it can
you get up on there if you get up here
on your knees we need to clean this off
- you do your thing chicken wing you
don't have to spray so close look and if
you just do this let go I'll let you do
it just see and then you can we had to
make us sound effects oh now now I know
now just wash and there's a jockey right
here so you make sure to get there and
you're good ready okay nice in here I
like all this this is really like yucky
Annie came right inside and she's in my
bed doing school and Haley wanted to
help me clean so that's what we're doing
and then Haley's gonna do a little
school I guess you're not tired anymore
no you are so I told her she had to that
the girl had to clear off the kitchen
there the bathrooms I could clean it and
then Haley volunteered to help clean I
don't know I think that's good get in
this corner and it's good yeah like
right here is really bad okay and I got
the paper down nice all right
we're well on our way to a clean
bathroom disinfected bathroom always
good hey nice oh hey this is how to get
a knee since quit being silly you just
turn on the camera hey Haley
can you turn that down just tell me no
she's gonna go stand in the corner I'm
gonna implement that again
turn it down smile okay okay that's
gonna be a good question of the day no
well when I say no and they do it anyway
I'm scared
that'll hurt it's - it's on - hi that's
higher the lower the number the higher
hey my question today is gonna be what
your favorite meme even though that
one's on a meme right a meme is a
picture but oh okay hey hey what's your
favorite meme
kids don't be like a me do not try this
without your parents telling you know
first and then to turn the fan down hey
what's your favorite meme you look like
an elf on a shelf do note would you have
won not really appropriate then what I
thought that was like the CPR one hey I
don't have a bad word in it just one
like a pg-13 movie or doesn't say no
we're just hanging out in my room
because we don't have anything else to
do on this crazy Friday night this is
our Friday night it's really exciting
yeah let's see how exciting we are my
heart her part not her hurt I didn't
they didn't gel her hurt yeah all right
so see I draw a blank sometimes yeah I
was trying to turn the camera off before
you reminded me of that I don't know if
that's gonna be the question of the day
but it might be but it's still kind of
early in the day so you're right exactly
you party animal yeah
okay um it is time for the question
weather question of the day which is
what would you best prank your best
prank mine oh I got mine
my name is Bernard like Halley's age and
I'm not very good at pranks um but it
was I went to like spy below or
something and I got this like nail
polish that's just supposed to be for a
prank and it like it looks like he
spilled it on something and I pretended
I was gonna spill it on my mom's
computer and she believed it or she
believed it I don't know but that was
probably I thought it was pretty cool
right that's so weird because you did
not wait where did you season you just
went to Five Guys five below oh do you
it wasn't only like a good prank I
didn't really get anyone but it was just
like chocolate it looked like chocolate
it was plastic that was so bad
squirted water I used over water in it
then Caleb's best prank was this with
this like little gum piece off and it
like shocked you every time you pulled
it out and I fell for it every time
oh there's the other one that like if
you pull it it like does like a
mousetrap on your finger no I know right
what a prank I just like torturing okay
nobody's come down looks no no no
question today is what is your best
prank then you've ever pulled and did it
work okay so goodbye guys remember to
celebrate life
based on take baby
thanks for watching
Vitaliy
