but your weary soul to wrestle yeah I
will try to do my best to keep you safe
inside this nest
gravity
to her
I'd buy juice
it's more clearing it's more cloudy
everything but summer's gonna come after
the stormy clouds
Oh scrubbing it down back very fear
how clean they can get y'all
he was the messiest one you
okay so we're home from school and we're
still watching Romania and Mia pull on
the show they're touching their eyeball
and so me and Caleb try to touch our
eyeball I can do okay anyways we're in
the car watching Hotel Transylvania and
we're picking up one of our grandma's
and do you stay but we're running a few
minutes late because her flight is early
like we thought it was like she was
getting off like five or something like
that but right now it's like it's like
four so really it was it's running early
and we're running late sorry mom as
you're standing out waiting for us no
it's some vacuums okay why I'm saying to
vacuum tall if you guys beat mommy was
vacuuming the floor the vacuum somehow
broke while she was doing it and so she
is a she
well yeah okay
we'll see
you win I see what you have to do she
made me that way
Sam no busted how about you that I'm
serious
you're gonna hurt yourself look at me
look at me that's two I just thought I
couldn't count for a second do you
undergo a good
if you don't fall that would be awesome
you don't have to swing your arms fight
the urge have you ever done three so why
are you afraid to do it today I'm
watching story of my life okay so we
just what we do just but we picked up
from the airport I finished out my
sentence
always got to be somewhat a back hike
without biking if you're doing a back
pike then you should prank on a layout
don't like that pikes there to pikey it
is kind of cold I may go watch from the
window to you welcome dog speaking of
dogs even though he's not oh no dog is
on American Idol that's that's what's
his name Simon's not on but it's on
tonight
Paula's not either but it's on tonight
Caleb one more thing and I'm going in
okay Caleb can you move to the side
please real quick
you're still piping down Oh stay hollow
no load in the air sat straight up and
hollow out I thought might have been
better I'll have to slow it down and see
oh they're coming out I was just getting
ready to come in she watched from the
window
flip be scared to go backwards he can go
forward and he can dance like a weird
kid okay I'm going in at two fold
oh say scary yes look at the old house
remember that when the tree fell in our
backyard I think they would touch then
they had to cut the tree down right yeah
we're going in
Beibei
