but you weary soul to rest
yeah I will try to do my best to keep
you safe inside this nest
who gravity from pulling you to earth
this gets more clear when it's more
cloudy every day but summer is gonna
come over this stormy cloud
all the way
yeah you want your little sister to
teach you how to do it
I thought you said all right now you
don't unwrap this kind these are just
some pieces see just peel it off
don't unroll it that's why I'm like that
and then peel the next one off can you
take your cinnamon oh the dough is raw I
mean these are like doing these are huge
ones
thank God I'm gonna be bad at this oh my
gosh sir mushy
Hayley I think you're gonna get farther
than me oh my gosh the roll back and
then you like it
the ovens ready do we we can you mean
knock in I think Danny's getting some
national Haley used to say that we've
said can we can I get a lot what would
you say what what right hey hey you got
to take those two pieces apart hello yes
yeah I show you now we're gonna stick it
in the oven
yes thank you me you can carry it let me
stick it in the oven yeah we've got a
stick in the oven for Oh a long time 25
to 29 minutes I guess it's cuz I got the
big ones
like 17 minutes or 13 to 17 minutes in
is hot I real can I do it no it's hot I
don't think you can reach right they
come on this side let me help you
don't touch it you got to hold it with
one hand why is that hand right there's
about to get burned on there Oh so to
use this hand
very good ladies okay so while on the
cinnamon rolls are cooking in the oven
we are out for me me and Haley are you
going outside and gonna swing and today
afternoon mastics
I'm going to Sydney's house and we're
gonna do this little thing we're then in
the morning I'm probably going to Luke's
meat and um Haley doesn't know yet so
we're just gonna sway who's not out here
cuz I didn't want her to know and so I
just found out and I'm really excited
about it so it's a beautiful day birds
out I'm in like I'm in hell I'm in short
with boots and I'm not cold at all so
we'll see you later because I want to
swing on this hot sunny day
some more therapy
we've never been to this place Bed Bath
and Beyond can you help me find a bed
not a bed a comforter for the guestroom
but yeah come on oh I might need one of
those chairs
I couldn't hear you who's that Bart
where's Caleb come in do you find one
for him hey wait for me
and that was Michaela he would love that
well now let's go find one for the guest
room can we do that potato tick
container do it when the timer's done
its water fun it must be a sprinkler all
right we're done shopping and we're
looking over the bridge to the garage
the beautiful world it is a beautiful
day out
come on let's go to the car this stuff's
heavy we got the guest bedroom bed
bedding so yeah please looks like a
stroller don't you just pick it up and
carry it come on I think you fell you
want me to get it it's pretty heavy
just gonna drag it all the way to the
car
that's not annoying here let me pick it
up before we hey wait let me not let's
not ruin the plastic because if we have
to bring it back we're gonna ruin it
okay I know I put you on my table on my
end table and you'll be my lamp you'll
stand real still but not move yeah I
don't believe you you don't don't
believe that you could stand still very
low oh why dare you it's how dare you
silly goose you're not taller than me
yes you are not it is pizza night you
got here because she's asleep over what
Sydney okay Hayley just found out but
that's okay right because we're doing
pizza and moving okay success alright
anyways she'll be okay in a second tell
her alright you continue that I'm gonna
get
anyways well we're watching Rick and
Ralph because we rented it by our TV
right now really pizza
and I mean look weird guy so see and now
let's just go into the question of the
day which is okay so I found it it's by
word for word
I think she's that let's say one that
your house burnt down and your family
it's all okay but besides your family
what were three things that you wanted
that you most wanted to get out okay it
says did you say working
I got Haley calm down did you say what's
that's working for a G I said reg for
egg all right well sorry for saying it
wrong I think it's a G like American
girl okay if if your house is burning
down and your family would sure to be
okay all right I'm thinking I'm just
repeating its mixture what three things
would you save and why my first thing
would be my money you'd save your money
tens if I could
okay but wouldn't that be things that
are part of our family just your money
you wouldn't save anything else in your
room or in the basement toys your Xbox
or your you better think about three
solid choices
Xbox Wii games and Xbox and Xbox games
and Wii and Wii games and money yes
haven't you answered for her or for me
no for you we haven't we've never heard
you answer question me today yeah I have
answered some of them I would save my
phone my computer because my kids and my
dogs are safe right my kids are my
animals are think what I'm not we face
mine actually your iPad and then your
Xbox and your we your games can come
with it
always hard to drink out of here and you
have plenty in your cup is about to
drink Oh instead of your cup my phone my
purse and my computer oh wait
this camera I've gotta save the camera I
need my computer to yet up but my my
cameras in my purse a lot so one of my
cameras in my purse you said you want
yeah I wasn't counting my phone you can
count
you could count your phone and
everything that you usually have in a
purse you can do that okay so your purse
and everything in it yeah my purse in my
computer and you know cuz it my phone
and my camera are usually in my purse so
my purse is my camera and how about oh
my goodness you know there's anything
else gonna be my Harmon - yeah so right
so Mike should you buy a computer in my
purse okay and then what else one more
thing what would I say running out I bet
you that's all I would grab okay Haley's
ready to watch the movie what up great
yeah how am I be worried about my drinks
I would we could starve to death or
starve to death
you mean die of thirst or die of thirst
like OMG i grab the pizza feeling what a
mess you're making
thank you anywhere here's the icing hey
has another tantrum we're gonna resume
the video so bye
we wanna know what the question of the
day I'm pretty girl girl we all sprang
down and all your family and I your
family survived what are the three
things that you would say hey babe
