today Albert Ayler hey hi cutie hi me
you're an excellent joke teller but you
weary soul to rest
yeah I will try to do my best to keep
you safe inside
- hearth
it's more clear when it's more cloudy
everything but some risk
turn the stormy cloud
hey guys I just got home from school and
you're in the pantry okay so I'm hungry
and I'm going to show you we have any
pantry because our mommy also me guys
just went to the store so let's see what
I'm gonna pick brown is kinda bunny - uh
we got rid school fish Jesus please
these peanut butter chocolate things
my hair has it they look like Ricky
sorry leave two boxes of that I picked
brownies me yeah what are you having
breast nack a brownie thank you no God
I'm in forgot this what is it
I haven't had these in so long Swiss
cake rolls they're out there he's it'll
this little um treat with dessert and
like creamy stuff in it and
they have a little squirrel I'm having a
little trouble finding my library book
in my blanket
this morning I couldn't find them and it
was library day and I didn't have my
library but we are allowed to books so I
brung back my other book and they Caleb
found my blankie but I can't fast my GB
what happens if you can't find it hey
how much Sam 7.7 dollars that of your
allowance yeah he knew don't ask me I
don't give you an allowance I don't
think you didn't fall this is you this
is you
you're not really gonna thinking that I
pulled out the line
your mom really get a fake phone every
Oh Haley needy go up with your food any
Duff
so I can show them how awesome I am hey
Howard I don't know what I'm doing
till she moves I have no idea where I'm
going when I was little my grandma's
house we used to have a mat and we'd
slide down the stairs on that let's go
back with sometimes your pillows well
the time that we have been talk about
how ugly Joe cheese get it come on do we
talk about how stinky she is mm-hmm
justly if you lived in this house I
would pretty much die here yeah oh she
stinks so much right in if they lived in
this house they were pretty much died
because she will this work no no using
less you than that they don't have that
video don't wasn't a mat like that you
go you want him I'll move out of the way
of it toshiro and you need a little fine
and I'm not sure this will work
waiting for madam good it was a little
um yoga mat type ah sit down or an
exercise mat do you think that those
ones I think those are too big a needs
of NASA's mats you go to bag yeah you
need something slippery
this is silky yeah that's why I thought
it might work and stay there Toshi yeah
your dad
not enough dead weirdo listen to me who
said that
jerky maybe she did Judy day to have a
fun party yet high IQ hi tell me the
joke day hiney no you're supposed to say
say hi to your knees they hike you eat
Jaime you're an excellent joke teller
who taught you that joke and Caleb hmm
should have known ready inside love it
me my cue Oh chilly out here
oh yeah cuz you used to have to swing
huh
swing your arms now you don't mean Kasia
sewed your singing hailey Kesha catch
you later okay I'll catch you later
swing your arms goofy that's your
favorite part
let me a spot you on one crayon are you
out of shavers up then you need a banana
isn't that what they say is good for
cramps or is that just leg cramps
there's bananas I got money a store yeah
yeah yeah you gotta do your hair and you
can grab a banana on the way to Jim come
on you never did it you better hurry
make it a good one cuz it's your last
one and only attempt cuz you had a semi
attempt when you flew through the air
did it there like a whip back lay out
cool are you putting your hands down the
girls are upstairs watching didn't assic
I didn't want to wash your knapsacks
so I'm downstairs watching YouTube and
this one is Super Smash Brothers Brawl
turn what are you doing on Saturday
night if you can what YouTube what is
your favorite YouTube video
who's your favorite gymnast of all time
doesn't matter what age they are it can
be you with your gymnast or it can be
someone else what is your favorite sport
if you don't want like a sport what is
your favorite hobby so we're watching a
movie I'm Marie - - hailey and
mommy and it's just a girls night and
less Cal comes up here enter watch our
master I'm looking at it and one of my
favorite author is Bill Peet and they're
like a love his book oh the reason how
I'm like yep I got it
the reason how I found bill Pete is my
teacher she had like a bunch of dopey
stores and she reads us to it every day
after lunch let me come back to the
classroom and he read the bill Pete
stories and um she got some more online
so you can really go check it out some
of them are I like this book show you
some pages um his friends were amazed
and they had to confess that they never
expected one wants of success is
something that whines yep or so Herbert
went into a border nearby where he's at
they're still staring up at the sky I
love his illustrations fiction I love
that one um it's about little wood and
then we'll go into the money for that
bag about on the slide and he lost his
hair brilliant all right it's about a
line who lost his hair and um the
elephant was the oh oh the elephant had
to go get like to stuff like water and
put it into a pail and in the line
reached into it and put it on his head
cuz he blasted off his hair and now you
can see it grow grew back but too much
yeah everybody's tangled in it so time
for the pleasure of the day the quantum
for dead is what you're what are you
doing tonight we already told you if you
don't remember or watching a movie and I
so don't forget to call me down below
because we want to know the cause of the
day is what odd it was tonight
okay so we're getting ready to
Washington gymnastic okay while mommy's
editing a video yep and Hayley's wearing
her glasses and playing on the iPad what
are you singing what song make you be as
less and less you make me pee
and then Haley's been begging to watch
tamasic we recorded gymnastics a few
days ago and she's probably watched it a
million times I love it don't often
swear I'll snuggle up on the couch me
Shinri are you hold your blanket
these are the best kinds of nights huh
just relaxing I can only know you this
Hatteras day I know it's the weekend I
kept thinking you were Tuesday and I had
to school tomorrow
hey then you realize that there's no
school tomorrow so we can snuggle up and
why not worry about having to get up in
the morning we don't have anything to do
tomorrow morning nope nothing we can
sleep in yoga we're gonna eat cinnamon
rolls in the morning yay want to edit
this yeah no my job and he fell asleep
Haley didn't Haley you made it you
stayed up later than your sister what
are you watching
little pigs you're watching a little
pigs yep
what's the story about do you know the
story yeah
what is it what happens and then what
comes in blow the house down it did and
then what the pigs do your dick not bad
hello my chinny Chinchin and then what
the wolf sir then I'll cut and
I wonder if she'll wake up so I can get
her to bed let's see how out she really
is
who spiked me
this is the true test to see how sleep
someone did you take their hand news a
bombs away
if she doesn't resist you then they're
out but their hand just falls bombs away
crazy to do that when I was little okay
well that was fun I guess it's time to
call it a night
Haley moving dress it looks like a dress
cool
Lisette chill come down low is a chair
she's praying so well love it hey babe I
yeah
