today Albert Ayler wait okay what you
weary soul to rest
yeah I will try to do my best to keep
you safe inside this nesting keep your
gravity from
to earth
it's more clear when it's more cloudy
but summers gonna come for the stormy
cloud
you know me I was filming you singing oh
that's okay I just like you just like
what I did like that no oh me too
okay anyways why don't we just go do
where where are we we jump the paper up
for school and what did they let you go
do
about two days what
don't let Mary Gordon who did they
introduce themselves what else yeah hey
you got to sing a song with him in the
classroom huh
what ladder was it what did it say okay
but what were the pictures on them great
I really don't know it was it the letter
buh buh let her be
bah bah was it the letter K was it the
letter J
Jeff Jeff maybe it was it was yeah ja ja
ja then J jump it did didn't it did well
now what the mom goggles optin bowlegged
your uniform yet the wear uniform
uniboob yes you're not gonna be able to
pick out your school clothes no skirts
and jeans I am but you can trail it to
school I can I know you can you have to
wear this this blue navy blue skirt oh
and a white shirt
uh-oh I dropped the white I like it it
what am I gonna do without you home with
me
when you go to school
four minutes
major it's not like more like four hours
but what am I gonna do without you
I'll be lonely and bored I click play
with Yoshi
maybe you're right I get to take a nap
crap I could play in bed all day
okay
have you done are you finished with your
life be chillin
ba-bye or how cute now try these try
these
that's what you'd look like if you had
class though Oh mommy we got to put them
all back
those are sunglasses oh yeah that's
awesome
oh there you guys try these these are
aviators yes cuz it's a v8 or glasses
yep I'll just call my yeah those are
girl ones well I hope if I have any boy
stuff in Claire's oh that's too cute
they not fit you so cute
some good fun
don't look like your BKB Glossip there's
a mirror over there that's what she's
like
check oppose oh not that pose I can't
figure out your glasses coming out your
ears over here okay let's clean the mess
up you got one pair are those ones you
want we're home from school and we're in
the car going to Jake's
after dance we're going to baseball my
plans are
- a Facebook is to decorate my case of
my I bitches I just don't like it black
I'm his decorator stickers and some
other cool stuff
and my homework and it's going to be a
really busy busy night
and
pretty much the whole family our Richard
trip to dance okay so we're back from
dance and we stopped by Wendy's to get
Oh skins on it and we got dinner and
we're at we are at baseball and we're a
little early so we're sitting here
eating our dinner and Haley has her
glasses on and our hair up with her
curls I love the glasses somebody we
don't know I got mustard on the camera
yeah she just like you I got mustard on
it
yeah I guess I could I use a napkin
Nilan and I licked it and I filmed the
ceiling budget what you get to eat Caleb
hey I got a pizza - yeah pizza burger in
a pizza burger why is it a pizza burger
I just beat you doesn't make any sense
yes miss fashionista detail
that water got free ladies after that
water is not free really I'm just
kidding
well the water does cost money okay
let's see how far you can walk on your
hand down the hallway ah sure am I
allowed to oh yeah sure oh well we're
gonna get in trouble
there's no school right now Oh boom boom
with the attitude alright let's see how
long and he can walk on her hands let's
get over to the wall just walking down
the hall I did it but she got stuck yeah
walking down the hall
how far has she go what was your move
eight cartwheels down the hall okay walk
to me Haley one right here and you good
Haley can do cartwheels to me you
cheated cuz you started halfway down go
I'm not sure anybody has blocked down
the time like this
I'm sure someone has like you what yeah
I'm gonna ask if you could walk past me
but here comes the cartwheel Queen hand
hand foot foot that's the way a
cartwheel goes you don't do two feet
yeah cartwheels hand hand foot foot okay
look at Haley's bridge okay oh I would
love to see leaves
oh yeah that is hard work let's see nope
keep going you're at the sign yeah
you're up a sign Haley yeah yeah any of
your YouTube people do this no gosh I'm
afraid okay good yeah no I'm sure
someone can my god she sure can you
Kyodo back handspring on hard ground no
I was kidding don't do it okay no I was
kidding
hey not safe did your arms give out it's
not a library but I don't wanna be so
loud your feet stick up your side so
there's four face it you who think I'm
scared to see this
Oh
look it's the music room Betty okay what
do your cheerleader okay Frank okay good
I'm in the room without a dish are you
step all over now and you broke my back
okay ready set if you step on a crack I
didn't step on a crack oh you broke your
mama's back are you doing trying to fail
crack
let me see your splits have they gotten
better Oh your little breakdancer you
corner there ah potato baked potato baby
ah
