today what happened we're so impressed
yeah I will try to do my bed
you saved inside this
gravity
to her
it's more cloudy
but summers gonna turn this story Wow
all right the kids are ready to see the
couches they just got home from school
and I told him to wait outside so I got
the camera
Annie's eyes are you like them yeah like
it this is my oh I've already called my
next victim ha ha ha ha
apparently no one tohugh word go come in
I guess we'll just sit yeah we usually
we get to Amy I didn't have to tell you
that good job what do you think Josh you
were gonna how was school good fanny
how was school guess the bed for guests
I probably moving the TV cuz there's no
cable connector it's way over there and
I don't think I can use it hey let's not
sit on that take the plastic off
we'd scissors I think so we're doing our
home look because we just got home from
school and we just got a new furniture
and for some reason mommy let us jump on
it I mean what is the cost for that have
an interview with you listen why do you
think that outside is breath thank y'all
okay thank you very much why do you
think the sky's blue why do you think
disguise oh good luck charlie but I
think the skin is blue because I'm
awesome
why do you think the sky's blue they
only told you cuz why do you think the
sky's blue it might look bright outside
but it's not right outside so I've got
probably already probability wrong
authorities writing probability it's
right ready probably every fraction why
you got my homework this is what you got
my homework it says ah circle it okay it
says odd anyway you choose you're gonna
use it to leave it to s meet it sure
your work it says 225 plus I'm engineer
3 this is kind of complicated not the
whole thing at the bottom so I think I
mean what do you need help with algebra
fine missing number so chaos it out come
on you owe me one I know it seven so
it's easier than one of the things you
know it sort of the seven cuz Caleb told
you okay you know yeah you've told her
it starts with a seven do not on purpose
no I said I know what it is
hi it's either he's right you should be
a teacher she's gonna puke I think she's
laughing you're gonna be a teacher when
you grow up
funny how she writes or sevens you
okay Caleb here for you Caleb could be
like I want everything in this catalog
you don't need what happened
Wow it's not the end of the world it's
just a rip did you rip sage up it was
Julie Annie it was Julie who likes Julie
that's mean how do you know it was Julie
I mean I know it says here but I have
that piece I didn't the aftermath of
Caleb being silly
no superglue it Annie super glue it back
together all right let her have her
magazine back no ripping things out of
each other's hands that does not look
very comfortable I don't even know what
to say to him I was like trying to think
of something to say and I have no word
my gosh that would help us Caleb go take
a nap filly volley
are you ready to go what is I'm gonna
make and in the water right now I'm
gonna start making are you trying to do
so what I'm gonna try to do is I'm gonna
try to make you know I could just um I'm
gonna do some water I'm gonna make land
I'm gonna get seeds to make trees and
then um I have a forest around it
interesting
you like the couches being down here you
do use it yeah that Cup I don't think
that chair is gonna stay there it does
what it got different down here Oh girls
do you guys need something is that you
asking please you're out of water and
out of hay
who are you hungry hey can you help me
with the guinea pigs yeah thanks they
need hey do you know how to do it yeah
do you know how to do it without making
a mess oh you try that I'll go get the
water okay okay ready oh we're gonna get
ready brick that is way too much I have
enough food yeah yeah they don't like
that kind I saw hit me need to get them
some more every time you hit them the
right kind they only fail me they leave
that part right hard to receive that
part of open if they get hungry enough
they'll eat it now angels coming he'll
eat all of that I know it's coming for
the hay
okay you guys watch your head on that
light up there light bulb from my angle
you can't see it the label I can hear
you you don't have to yell and you can
side down with something in your hand oh
that is the coolest trick I've ever seen
well then it's your lucky day we're
missing somebody sounds about right
took some time for the quest over much
of the day he's left a budget of the day
we pick that one because we're having a
little bit trouble thinking you have too
much every day so we're gonna do some
probably tomorrow
you want to know what the pleasure of
the day is I got one happy one that
there's peas and one that's about to
throw up in their mouth not like peasy
there but Annie likes Peas
so Annie gets peas do you like peace
yeah did you hear her but she's like
yeah there are peas in there she liked
the last did you like peace
yeah we're talking about you know
