but your weary soul to rest yeah I will
try to do my best to keep you safe
inside this
gravity
it's more cloudy everything
but summers good
turn the stormy clouds
I just got back home from school and I'm
fixing my tie-dye shirt because we did a
shout-out video yesterday and so on just
fixing it up like highlighting it so
you're into mustaches now we are but we
have to get the shirts done before we
can finish the shout-out video a little
design on it okay so when they dry now
fully drying it so we make sure I will
finish out and do a little fashion show
this one this one's Caleb I mean this
one's Annie
yours and this one's to Caleb's
that to a mine that one yeah I found the
most white shirts for you they just
happen to have a bunch of sizes there
yeah that one's mine
stay tuned to see who gets the shoutout
what does it look good did you didn't do
or not even it
I know she said this with like a guy
shouldn't say it looks bad she was
talking about this but it kind of looks
like paint splatter yeah honey no we're
not she just fix it I'm finishing up her
sweatshirt she made I don't know when
we're gonna rinse these when do you want
to rinse them out tomorrow tomorrow all
right
so tomorrow I gotta see if we have time
to do it today
bring it here you're not good at that
chain squeak it for me that's your toy
that you never play with don't wipe it
on me
we don't have a dog that plays with us
leave us alone we just have that thing
doesn't get it look at her watch it Toki
this is how you play see this chemistry
this is how this works okay Toby you try
yeah okay the toy touji oh okay bo c
teacher so right now i am a getting
ready for gymnastics and um we're trying
to try a new hairstyle Wow we're gonna
try a new hairstyle which um we're gonna
try for the meet but first we're gonna
see if it stays and practice we're gonna
set try side bun because I'm worried if
we do any bun in the back it will bother
in my back extension also cheerio
another side side so I'm a little more
the farthest side I'm here right to left
how far over do you think you want it
like that's funny
and how far back just do that's good
just so good
ready for the button part pounds of
water
talak gallons of water you mean how how
all right hold this again you like it
think it's gonna work
let's go flick it back with pounds of
water put your step stool I mean your
chair back or we can't go out the door
yeah well I'm not that skinny cuz you
can't even make it cycle there's no hope
for me we're gonna get all this panic
we're not gonna use gel for practice how
about just water and hairspray do you
want me to do it with the cone yes oh
yeah so we decided to use this bun
because it's my bun for my colors yeah
nothing yeah yeah yeah thingamajig in my
hair
um because I'm gonna be wearing my
warm-ups and and my medals and my trophy
because if it is if you want win first
place then you will get to get your
picture picture too so that's what we're
gonna do okay
don't stay on your clothes she is a lab
child gentlemen you just create a food
challenge for yourself so I'm eating
dinner I'm done mr. plastics or as you
want to call it my knee because tsunami
wanted to do that for me I want to try
it out how did say you got a little
falling out over here no that's because
we were moving that neat job they
dropped it on your bun so it held that
pretty good do you like it
is that what you want to do for your
next meat
touching you or you gonna do you change
it so what's your favorite drink my
interrupting your dinner your favorite
drinks milk flashing of the day there
was your every right surgery
you already said no I think they know
now all right
comment down below what Haley favorite
drink is they don't know okay so don't
forget no I'm not gonna go okay so don't
forget to comment down below this be one
minute so consider today is what your
favorite favorite auntie
you're not listening to me I'm
whispering and Kayla and she's not
saying it Caleb's trying to help you out
here tonight I don't have food in my
mouth
