good morning everybody
she's like I knew you're gonna film
sometime today it is still morning it's
just late morning and these two are not
feeling great
Annie was doing school but it looks like
she's dazed off she's got a little bit
of a cold this morning
oh she's not faking what's wrong huh I
think she's like I want to be sick I
don't want to feel well No
so she really is she has stayed on task
and she's almost done with a week of
science a little break going a little
dance break headstands and he's supposed
to be going to wrap up that song we were
recording yesterday she's got one little
small section that we're gonna try to go
to well I'm gonna try to let her rest
she's got done all she thought she was
almost done she had a whole week of art
and she had started another week so
technically she's really done for the
day
you're almost done for the day your week
in science was really long if you get
done you've got 30 minutes more of
school and we go okay we go go finish
early so if she can maybe sleep for
another hour and then we can get ready
and go and just knock this out because
if we don't knock it out today we're
just gonna have to do it another day but
if she's too sick to sing then I guess
we will have to reschedule all right I
know if she's not if she's too sick to
things she's probably too sick to dance
Annie I'm gonna go dance that's how you
know if she's sick or not okay so anyway
that's our morning update
really an ATAR it is but she's filming
tomorrow so I'm wondering oh she think
of you like you like stick her hand
behind her back down your pant that's
just weird
does it come off no for continuity what
if like they had to put like Reap like
it's gonna start fading and then it's
gonna look bad she'd come to hide her
hand
Hey all right guy that's your morning
update perfect we're gonna see how this
day plays out I do because they just
don't know why he feels had can't ever
get thick to keep that mac and cheese
and soda just makes it all better the
carbs keeps me healthy
told you Haley go change clothes
Haley's done with school science for the
week school for the day yay full house
Oh Haley wants to watch we are in
no I don't know we're in a store and we
are hungry and we are getting a candy
this is how it goes how you doing
look see
no I didn't either no China maybe a
little bit yes please
a bag would be great some basic it just
goes through the window all right we
were supposed to get like two things and
you got yeah I got this really weird
candy and I really want to try it we
should do a haul of our candy shopping
recording studio
hey cutting bird meal and I'm gonna
broccoli even it's barley grass wheat
grass girl - right now Annie is trying
at the first sip of this do you like it
okay she likes it and I'm trying this
it's really good
is it good I kind of hear it drink it
I'll say you want to get nope here we go
it's like well I can't do it wait
oh right now we are with mommy
Annie hey so we're back in this
recording studio we're about to start
rehearsing for the bridge and he felt
good enough to come try it
so she sounds good okay right now we're
trying this as you can see I open this
in the car and
yeah this is happening right now
is what happening it doesn't show but it
looks like this kind of scared to try it
I don't know I'm gonna give it a chance
okay
while streamers barely have any now this
happening
and the aftertaste isn't that bad but
then before taste is horrible no no I
don't think that's happening today and I
saw my friend eat like the whole thing
of this like oh I'll try that soon Nick
yeah totally when I got this nope
no I would never eat this I need a
napkin
I'm throwing this away and this is a
waste
cuz there's like so much in here so much
I should just give it give it to me
comment if you like these things
right that's a wrap
we had to redo it cuz paid got up too
soon and I couldn't get the camera but
anyway that's a wrap on this song stay
tuned oh we didn't have as much to do
today
alright clean up your mess they're
playing on your phone go higher
yesterday she was doing some harmonizing
with herself it was so cool I cannot
wait for you guys to see this I know I
didn't even know no no I can just be
like know what harmonizing isn't sup bye
Haley see you next time that was me
going really high this we just stopped
and got Paige is going to do our hair
annie is having a photo shoot on
Thursday so we need to get our and I'm
not but I want my hair done anyway we're
gonna get our hair all toned up you're
not princess when you're a little older
when you're 14 you can get your hair
tone thing and notice what I said I said
she could do it when she was 14 um pick
that one up we're not doing a food fight
right now okay so we are relaxing we're
doing hair go to this little spa and
we're gonna watch movies and he's
feeling a little bit better but we're
still gonna take it easy what their
s'mores goldfish that's what we're gonna
do we're gonna just take it easy so that
Annie we were filming the our first day
of chicken girls our first official day
so we were just gonna hang out here take
it easy we're gonna probably order pizza
and go to get some Taco Tuesday because
some people want tacos and some people
want pizza and I just will take both
it's all gonna be a good night we're
gonna huh you want pizza
okay so I think Hailey and Annie Pizza
Paige wants tacos and I'm just gonna
probably do a little bit of both and I'm
not gonna see like a one taco when a
slice of pizza or two tacos and two
slices
I've decided yet two against two
alright so I'm glad we got that done
today cuz I didn't know if Annie was
gonna be able to make it through and we
need her to be arrested and I don't know
if Haley's filming tomorrow but her
scenes are coming up in a few days so
they're on the desk yo your stuffs
highlighted did we announce your name
okay well if you are just now seeing
this today her name is harmony and she
is someone's little sister don't harm
money
hey Haley
I want both yeah no I want a quesadilla
I want Taco Tuesday and taco & pizza
Tuesday yeah
all right guys we're gonna get the show
on the road and we're gonna all snuggle
up on that couch when our hairs down
we're gonna watch movies actually yeah
okay plan action okay dancing queen or
grow it on pizza page is about to tone
my hair Annie's just got toned let's see
how it turned out they look all fancy
whoa how long is getting so what's wrong
with you
tired ready to watch movies
actually do what you told me we are we
said we're toning hair first you're
watching Netflix and your hair is toned
as soon as my hair is toned you guys can
start a movie without me but if you want
me to join you I need like 30 minutes
but face those big brown eyes here's the
chemist
she's concocting something because we're
doing different colors I would imagine
sleepy little girl okay sorry we had it
pause because the movie is over
we watched Penelope while we didn't I
didn't because I was going over scripts
me and Eva are you we can't even see you
I'll just tickle her no all right I
don't know I haven't looked at it she
toned it and I just washed it and now
it's just drying on its own okay we
gotta do a question of the day and I
wasn't prepared you're prepared what is
it that you're cute whoa I've got one
I've got one I've got one my cousin and
I Stacy we were skating and we had one
like some little stuffed animals and all
those bending yeah there was like table
jeans and it really wasn't anything that
happened I just remember skating and
holding our little stuffed animals and
feeling like everything was like perfect
in the world like and we were like
little like not little little probably
in between their ages I just remember
like I'll never forget that moment yeah
so mine was this one time we have tomato
garden and when I was favorite childhood
memory and then I remember I was
probably like four and I really went out
and we checked on the tomatoes it was
really cold and then some my name I
ground fine I came up on a truck and
then we all like let's go to your house
so we all got in the truck and I was
like a little family man we were on
there hey it's house and we were on top
of that you know like the little play
area mm-hmm
me and Caleb were like at the very top
and the Halos down cuz we didn't let her
up there so and we kept like running
back and Fossum trampoline I wasn't like
the floor as well because we were
clearly running on the floor we were
like / tuning that there were like
people from in the trees that were
non-existing like oh my gosh there's
someone in the tree I died we take of
her but the tape cover was on the
trampolines and I said I think it would
have stuck on us I really thought he
played for like three hours
Hayley and I was like I night no I can't
armor protecting us but he wasn't very
good at it because you go died in it
yeah oh I'm shot you like thank you mine
is it was snowing Christmas music I'm
ready
winning replay that replay right now we
have it on camera
winny are you having fun so deep it's
melting mini she's like a puppy again
well she really is a puppy I think dogs
are puppies until they're about to but
she's usually so lazy but she's having
so much fun where are you Winnie
there she is it was so cute she was
frolicking man she's not even as white
as the snow
she's so dirty yeah having a hard time
focusing and this horrible Lane because
we were watching movies in the dark okay
all right well while she looks for that
we had a good day film in some chicken
girls tomorrow play leaves gonna stay
with Paige because last time we filmed
with this place over ha and Haley's
gonna do school and Annie's got two
scenes to film I think tomorrow so
that's on the plan tune in you'll see
some familiar familiar chicken girls
comment down below your favorite
childhood memory thanks for the question
Paige did you find it
five-four hey what is it what are you
looking for here woody you have a video
I thought I did what I don't or if we
find it I do
oh my Lanta she's brushing the cute
little Winnie
alright guys we'll see you tomorrow I'm
kidding I'm kidding guys we'll see you
tomorrow bye always remember to
celebrate life
based on data baby
thanks for watching
for tailee
