today we I like potatoes I like potatoes
I want to say nice good morning
everybody you hear page making a mess
but we can't pit pan over because she
just got out of shower she's in salad
she is in a towel and it's just weird
because even though she could be an
italic I know okay we're done all right
we are filling up a water bottle we've
got a nice lunch sitting back there
that's a burrito she hasn't eaten yet
she just got in the shower she's got her
singing staff you're going to record
some chicken girl's songs we're running
late we're not really late but we were
supposed to leave a minute ago so that's
really not that bad look like what we're
bringing for bringing Doritos and a
quesadilla
and that that's what makes it Annie
seeing really well there's the secret
spy page no probably are bad for your
throat love you so Haley and Paige are
staying here
daddy's at a meeting and we're going in
the recording studio bite got to get all
set up this is a first step this is the
second step how many streaks do you
editing streaks yeah what's that mean
a lot of my videos up the secret it's
like the linear oh oh so we're gonna
have a long day in here
that's true that's true this pillow is
my life right now okay sometimes I don't
know what to say I just talk about what
I'm doing and that whole time that
you're vlogging I was doing this okay
she humors me oh that's Thank You Annie
all right getting in here we're getting
settled we've got a long day of
recording now but we've been sitting
there for a few minutes so we're like
well I'm stretching I'm stretching and
vlogging what are you doing I feel
probably do you know what it's for do
you remember the right oh you can yeah
all right I'm gonna play the guitar okay
you do that
just kidding every song but yours
Brook song Brooks won't tell you that I
literally have no Jillian for seven
years
really oh we don't we did we heard that
we heard that
okay keep you can keep talking and just
time to say that's good she's she's
growing up sometimes she would be like
mommy tell him my voice is too loud and
she wouldn't do it herself and now she's
like speaking can they hear me do can
they hear me can you hear me can they
hear me or do I have to prep tack on the
microphone for them to hear me all right
I think we're getting ready if we're
just kind of rehearsing right now before
we really get into the recording but
we're good
thank you where's this dad I'm gonna
take a little break and then finish up
the verses much they said we'll take a
little walk course is done that's
awesome
smooth sailin so far I can hear the
music through the headphones all right
your ears was allowed out of the man you
guys the Doritos came in the recording
studio talk about different numbers of
Doritos sharing the love for the Doritos
not what brand like yeah like blaze I
think there's a whole bunch of different
flavors baked potato
I feel like Doritos should do that hey
Doritos get on it
Doritos has a cool she does love a city
that's her favorite thing from the
Doritos got to come in here that's so
cute
okay whatever makes her happy while
she's recording
I'm gonna figure out what it is did you
just put the tip back in we were just
talking about don't Doritos make your
vet boy scratchy but yet you're still
eating them
chicken girl Symphony coming soon it's
way youtube near you can they hear you
country don't judge my hair a lot I was
just in a out not I was just in a
recording studio like six hours
you sure yes I'm positive but five and a
half no it was not well I'd like to know
three four four see that was close
enough right that's about I love you
more always
can you just feel that for me pushy yeah
I bored a long time anyway thank you
geez I couldn't do it have a voice left
my voice out
brass bigger than yours looks like you
just have a raspy boy I do have a raspy
voice but not normally this recipe very
raspy well because vinegar on your phone
makes you have a right on your boy okay
anyway small subject it was yellow like
okay so right now we're going to
Universal CityWalk we're going to sit he
walked with Jaden and Paige Haley and
two other people people that I'm not
sure and that is a horrible thing cream
a Friday the 13th that's terrible I hate
them okay anyways I just saw a billboard
you know what guys just don't pay
attention to anything I say oh yeah work
out you got it
keep reading news break it out a runner
I wish I could be like a runner or just
get on exercise okay anyways I we're
driving traffic yeah yeah but I feel
like every time I will you feel more in
traffic because we're all the traffic
there's a big bill boy this is injured
call 800 800 thousand million not about
them numbers
800 800 0 0 0 0 hey babes
good to see him welcome to the vlog
today
Haley's Haley's on the vlog do they do
hey Haley hey we're here with friends I
got Jayden and Harvey and Lily right I
thought she said Lilian
but it's Lily and we're just hanging out
at our favorite place to eat when we
come we live here when we come to city
wok alright so a lot of memories around
this pool table oh yeah
all right well there's the update my
friends we'll be back so we're dinner
and yeah we might have some special
guests on in so stay tuned Bill Haley
was about to blow no don't bring this in
yet she's gonna get a wrap thank
goodness the camera wasn't under the cup
Haley was about to update you guys of
our wonderful dinner we're having and
then it just got knocked over okay
Lily's about to be 10 so
happy birthday to you happy birthday
dear
happy birthday I thought they were
kidding because I thought they just
wanted some cotton candy and I'm like
dying here it was the original idea I
said actually perfect yay I was like oh
my gosh they did not just let me what
are you doing over here what's going on
okay bye see you later where are you
then where are you
at the one show me the sock shop where's
Annie Penn a girl
we're just wondering where you were so
it's you can make waves lately in case
you couldn't hear her as they frolic off
we're gonna have yeah we'll have a well
schedule a playdate in Australia it'll
be great yep
Leigh Leigh Leigh Leigh fill half of
Leigh Leigh just fill I know
yay for friends new friends old friends
happy friends this is how the game's
gonna go Harvey and Harvey yep ha be
good of you Harvey don't mix up all of
us all three of okay okay Oh tell me
give them a phrase that day okay I can't
date I like potatoes I like potatoes I
like potatoes hi Lotte time the
Australian I like potatoes I like
potatoes I want a nose
at this meadow I'm hailing the lump I'm
Haley look walk left is Harvey middle is
max right in the other
okie-dokie so right now we are in the
room we are so tired and exhausted and
all we want to do is just watch some TV
fall asleep and did the cry from the day
which is what we're doing right now so
the question of the day for tonight or
today is what should it be what is your
favorite saying do you like like keep
you going like yeah yeah okay so mine
are
I know these you have to have the bad
day stuff with good days and nothing's
impossible the word is the word itself
says I'm possible if plan a doesn't work
there's still 25 more letters to go what
plan a doesn't work then there's to it
still 25 letters in the alphabet to go
oh okay oh I know if you feel like
quitting think about why you started
friends are like stars you don't always
see them but you know they're always
there yeah so cool don't forget to
comment down below kun another question
today is favorite quote so bye guys see
you tomorrow love you always remember to
celebrate life
based on baby
thanks for watching
Vitaliy
