today I'm retiree found that by hate
Danny's purple boot purple Ravens boot
alright purple is purple Steelers boot
yeah yeah thing I know but I'm just
making your feel better yeah they could
be eligible yeah that make you feel
better he goes right non you'll be
excited
yes free quit killing your sister would
you weary soul to rest yeah I will try
to do my best to keep you safe inside
this
- gravity from
you to birth
it's more clear when it's more cloudy
everything but summer is gone
earn the stormy cloud
all the doubt
we just got home from school and I've
had a craving for talked about for a few
days and a fella
finally baked mommy to let me go so
we're on our way there and it is gonna
be good hopefully if we can get the Baja
gorditas because they did recently get
rid of them not too recently but they
did get rid of them and then they might
have brought them back so can you guys
tell me if they fully brought them back
if you go to talk about well thank you
know what a good bite of it why he says
it's t6 um Baja good ever Vyasa
motorboat after all that craving do not
wipe your mouth on your sleeve again hmm
rule number 29 in the mommy to child
handbook no I think it was I didn't eat
no I think it's more like rule 29 want
me to write him down mm-hmm
you want to shove more food in your
mouth like after all that framing they
get the order wrong still tastes good
doesn't taste this good ball and neither
a little hissy fit tantrum a second ago
and I said Danny what I say you guys are
actually my villages no I said you guys
are acting so childish right now I'm
Caleb said we are children right it was
hilarious because he was in full tantrum
mode like whining and carrying on and
then I said that he's like well we are
children just as matt is funny I guess
you had to be there the camera went on
sorry my bad yeah you are children I so
would have used it if I've gotten this
tantrum on camera
anyway yeah I would have used it I was
yelling because I said you guys are
acting like children I mean you guys are
acting childish
but you guys were throwing hissy fits I
like either one you throw up it if you
tasted yours oh and the camel is a
hallway all of them oh he starts
everything starts all the fights in your
life you don't ever start any kind of
fight it's never your vote Omar oh come
here well no one can understand you when
you talk with your mouth full our free -
free money they mask our order up pretty
bad I was creating boys life goes on
doesn't I promise you life is not over I
don't know where your milk oh I don't
know your milk oh that's on a table
behind you what quit talking with your
mouth full and I'll see I'll tell you
how this happened I said I was saying it
and I saw it as I right after I said it
I can see it on the table behind her how
did your um Georgia project go tell her
yes I know when I forgot to ask you know
I forgot to ask you on camera aperture
Georgia project you go did you stand in
front of the whole class and talk about
Georgia did you get nervous do you need
a napkin do you need a dirty napkin huh
and I told a love the best thing is open
it I'm gonna tell you about doing Debbie
and I mother from oh that's what you
said in your report do not wipe your
mouth with your sleeve
hey I don't mess though please do not
wipe your mouth with your thumb hi
like my home you know that you can pick
your nose and you can pick your friends
but you can't pick your friends nose I
might have said it backwards you can
pick your nose now you can pick your
friends and you can pick your nose but
you can't pick friends nose why I don't
know if just saying ah don't you pick my
nose this been my neck out for this and
no one said anything about eating it
Haley I didn't do it ah you drop the
fake booger that you picked off of his
shoulder okay so it's still pretty cold
out so it's not that cold out so me and
Haley decided to sweep and um after this
we might jump on the trampoline and so
Haley do you have anything to say no you
no more say hi huh she's like okay so I
guess we'll see you mommy might come out
here while we're done down there plea
bar sooner or later fine we're all
sitting and Caleb drew while Haley's
upstairs snuggling on the couch not
asleep I don't think yet and um it's
time for the classroom today the
question today is um what country do do
you live in and I thought of that one
because I was looking at the flag they
were all right here and so I said what
country do you live in has he done
yeah cuz I think that's almost I don't
think we have any more questions after
that one wow you think we've asked all
the questions in the whole world
no just some that was you think I know
one you go to bed yeah we could do what
your bedtime is I thought we were doing
what country from today so maybe
tomorrow we can remember this one which
is what time do you go to bed that's a
good one
don't answer that one today knowing that
your name is doing this time is luck
luck with your favor
she said this one is where you what
country to Walter honey what country do
you live in Germany Africa Africa South
America
no Asia that's a continent continent
it's a country you live in and there do
you live in there yeah ha ha ha you're
my joy hey I can get good job back first
one
take it away k love no idea right we
gotta see him they're trying to name the
flags flying number one comment down
below if you know what it is
fly number two comment I love being
ordered it it's the America flag number
three comment down below if you know
what is it what is it I'm sandy um you
know I know what is it don't lift no
they're naming all the flags oh you're
making them this is their test final
Meenu John O Connor down lower this one
alright he doesn't know this one pretty
sure this is America you can crush me if
I'm wrong what do you think it is
America but when 1800
you think this is the American plenty
hundreds or early nineteen hundred's
Oh or actually early seventeen huh
I mean late seventeen hundreds early
kind 1800 s alright help him out on that
one tell him if he's right this is
Germany I know why number three number
four I think I know one that's just pain
Josh you're fakin Japan a nice shiny new
one that was good and that's bad
that was number five this is number five
America are you sure I'm number six so
comment down below because we want to
know what these flags are yeah um
because the way you want to know what
these flags are but I'm pretty sure I
got for you today them along because we
wouldn't know whether that is Oh what
have you gained believe if name the flag
that you know them or if you like listen
variable plug live in that country of
the pep nice you love it who's that
funny at all
hey put them good daddy is oh come on
I'm pretty funny
lay it on it let's do it t mommy or Kim
dad 18 daddy and then you're gonna say
team Ravens boo Josh so you got a Green
Bay Fan it's gotta be thin I'm not I'm
counting the kids yeah what fan of you
look at comes oh I invited bags it's not
the Ravens who's our halfback I know
that there's JJ Watts
and what position is he's like on the
defensive line good for you that's just
who's your halfback baby what it's using
JJ
they can be pretty funny
no we're not we are children's funny
that was pretty funny too earlier today
you soon as the most I probably heard of
this person huh you should I don't know
a lot about football I just chose the
Houston Texans because we used to live
in Texas and yeah and Haley was born
there but that doesn't mean anything so
Haley's a Baltimore Ravens okay
Wade the Pittsburgh Steelers fan Caleb's
a green based pac---- Green Bay Packers
fan
daddy's Green Bay Packers fan and I'm a
Houston Declan jack yes Justin who is
their halfback I don't know Arian Foster
big loving gay clothes my second guess
to any it's a quarterback natural yeah
see how I turn this around to a quiz for
you instead of a quiz for me so far
beyond it don't forget to comment down
below cuz we want to know the book of
the day what country do you live in I
need it you lost a bug found that I hate
Danny's purple boot purple Ravens boot
alright purple purple Steelers boot yeah
thing I know but I'm just making your
feel better yeah they could be LSU boots
yeah that make you feel better it was
right nany will be excited
quit killing your sister yeah like I'll
have the Saints on their golden black
cat give me a golden black shirt and
then Donna will be happy
no she likes LSU to incent no
potato baked potato baby
