good morning we all get to wake up to
these faces good morning good morning so
um is it a bad morning
no goes without saying so today we are
going to take the day off and not film
so we're kind of filming about our
videos a video about not having a video
but this is a video so we're gonna go to
Six Flags and celebrate the day and try
to get through the day as fast as
possible cuz that's my idea and pretend
like today doesn't even exist so this is
our video for the day I thought it would
be a little longer than this cuz we're
only at like 32 seconds but we'll just
give you an update we'll just do it one
take I don't even know where Haley is is
she in here Haley's still asleep we're
like we just let everybody kinda just
wake up and these two are awake Emma's
Paula's here and anti-d food and Nani
and Paige we're all just here there's
our little there's our little mountain
view so just a nice reminder for
everybody to celebrate every day and
have fun and we'll see you tomorrow with
a regular video always remember to
celebrate
baby
thanks for watching
Vitaliy
