but you weary soul to press
yeah I will try to do my best to keep
you safe inside this
the gravity from pulling to her
it's more clear when it's more cloudy
everything but summers
earn the stormy cloud
I haven't bought bottomless river flow
again in this one I have never eaten a
beer after this
we're going to look for bags for the big
giant fuzzy sword and we're gonna have
to drop any off gymnastics
we're gonna watch a college how you
doing way down there Haley I can barely
see you can you hear me hear me hear me
you're all down there by yourself and
barely see you
but anyway Amy who's winning this epic
battle and tic-tac-toe anyway
we always won yes you got Danny better
blockers are done soon who won the last
two against zero
cat all right eat two at a time no she's
not done she's drawing her own board
this time on like Donkey Kong
what did not
I tried it and it really kind of was
pretty spicy you probably won't think of
it
are you baking was it good that's a good
spicy I like them plain without the
cheese I found out like that he said how
to clear your nose now need spicy
mustard sauce 'm is it comfortable look
at his face when she's hard the price I
really really like it can I try it let
me sell mmm I guess it goes any way you
want it to go all right Haley goofy good
as million good luck it's all of the big
hey Cal how do you make it get really
big I can't believe that that huge bean
bag is stuffed inside that little case
yeah Haley got one too got a purple one
the last time we let me know but what
did you get what'd they give you know in
your lap what do you have in your lap
you too
in your lap your lap what is it what
they give you your hiccups it's not a
cat it's an owl what did you get I don't
have any water but we could try to scare
you can I ask you a question yeah yeah
you want to ask me not funny daddy why
were you wearing goggles earlier are you
planning on going swimming it's cold
those goggles are warm going see man
that was to call do a swimming mom to
gymnastics
yes we're going to another food yeah cuz
we just ate and we might want to eat
again
yeah that's what they mean by fourth
fourth meal right after second meal we
just had our second meal and daddy said
that see what they mean by force meal Oh
funny thanks Caleb
our whole family's the great is that
what you're giving up only if I can
throw it at your face oh you say what
why do you say
here comes your bean bag your gigantic
bean bag is it gonna fit through the
door it's not gonna fit it's not gonna
fit down the stairs through the doorway
I'm gonna have to go pull it through
okay so big bag what's it through here
so now I have to try through there I
don't know if it's gonna work though
that to that I hear daddy so mommy is
gonna help I'm ready to watch it's as
big as mommy yeah do you remember what
they told us we had to do to it to get
it to fluff up Shh what do we have to do
remember punch it and kick it and they
were being serious we have to make all
the foam fluff up that's what's inside
of it that's the foam thanks we gotta
just let it sit here for a few hours
they said before we come down and punch
it and kick it
Caleb's brain it's a little thing a
little bit for Caleb spring alright
that's all we have to do is let it sit
there for a few hours you're gonna do
the air is gonna air shall be restored
in it and then we can come down and
punch it and kick it what over here is
already ferns expanding our own Kayla it
smells good
what's it smell like good news rages oh
that is not smell good I can't believe
that that's gonna be eight feet
we're doing it now with me of course
right there yeah totally bounce top of
it oh yeah it is kind of fluffy this one
weighs a lot more than that
that is huge we could fit all of you and
there's still room for Annie no there's
really not room for ya all right you'd
be right there
welcome to your new bed or get rid of
all the beds
oh this fluffy and your partner fluffy
babe
