but you weary soul to press
yeah I will try to do my best to keep
you safe inside this
the gravity from pulling to her
it's more clear when it's more cloudy
everything but summers
earn the stormy cloud
to get an e and after we get them along
to lunch yeah are we gonna get Caleb too
cuz you forgot to say him you want to
get your brother - yeah alright um but
we're not gonna feed them just you and
me good eat yeah well they can eat it
they want but I'm serious they already
ate at school it's early dismissal but
they buddy yeah okay okay let's go to go
I know look there's icicles on the car
the cars frozen and there's still snow
on the ground that's the worst kind of
snow snow like icing are you gonna eat
it I do remember that see them did you
know it was supposed to snow again in a
few hours you did know that don't you
Matt see shirt she was so excited how is
school you cold
where's your hat
alright ok so we just went to McDonald's
because mommy and Haley have any we just
went and note to self do never go to
McDonald's after school because we
followed a bunch of people after school
and they all went to McDonald's so
probably not gonna do that again
I told anything to write that down on
her journal but then I remembered that
we have a camera videotape I don't know
what you want to call it you to write it
down in our journal day one and that's
kind of what we do we have we this is
all our journal cuz we're like 89 years
old now and this is just back back in
the days and you imagine you're 89 year
old self watching your 10 year old self
on you to try huh I'm gonna cry a fat
one that day hats and wise man but they
get to see what you were like when you
were 10 really highly of yourself to be
the best yeah that's easy me you're
gonna go catch some snowflakes mm-hmm
you could sing a song oh can we get
shoes sure
snow is coming down again mini shoes
ma'am why are you in Caleb's sweatshirt
lazy Smurf up what candy bars a
milkshake it's snowing not raining you
guys need hats and gloves on the poor
trampoline that she could hey you guys
need to come in in like one minute okay
it's too cold to be out here without
hats and gloves
me and Haley are going inside belly pop
all right y'all come in it's too cold
dumb-bunny class my leg and now it wants
somebody named - you want to put a
bandaid on it you need some help is that
what your paper goes no I'm sad that you
can't find it I know I know okay
is it all better now
is it all better now
and there was on this arm and he would
jube or have you already cast before
nope I rather yeah you were 30 once upon
a time fellas Caleb and he'll face mess
you're like popcorn you're breaking my
leg oh goodness
ready ready what's she doing over there
what can you have some the daddy not
feed you bad eh he not feed you yes he
did points a lot you have to go ask
Annie all right
can you get off my legs before they
break yeah when you do an over slit it
makes your regular splits easier that's
the point of an over split how are you
how are your over splits coming along
oh can you do the splits do your other
leg your left leg are you a righty or a
lefty or goofy what happened to your leg
what happened yeah what do you do do you
did he punch you
he's eating just watching TV go jump on
daddy
show them how a real snuggle fest happen
that it looks nice and cozy and you look
kind of cozy too little lazy doing well
for me and daddy that's not really
and so the question of the day we've
done this before but for our new
subscribers and if you're also still a
little subscriber you can answer this to
again but what is your favorite I mean
what is your what is your own first
retailing video that you ever watched
mine was the first one that we ever
posted and what was the name of that I
forgot about that one I was thinking
about like the very first vlog we ever
did where Haley went into the movie who
falls asleep in their first movie or
something was that what it was called
yeah yeah you fell asleep well you think
you think that it was a movie about an
elephant because that was the preview
you saw I think that was the when your
love of blue elephants began but the
movie it was I think it was was it Yogi
Bear is that what you think it was but
you didn't see any of it because it's
like I said you slept through the whole
movie
baked potato baby
