but you weary soul to press
yeah I will try to do my best to keep
you safe inside this
the gravity from pulling to her
it's more clear when it's more cloudy
everything but summers
earn the stormy cloud
for money ready for your hair nervous
for your meat yeah well we're in the car
oh dear we got you to see we're on our
way to drop Haley off her friends in my
friends house to play while we're going
to the meat daddy's at work
hey herbs at Luke's house Sydney
and I'm a little nervous about leaning
ah like really yeah and I also have on
my hair I did my hair the same thing as
um last me but I pulled it back whatever
it's called mother couldn't see it do I
still see good news is I found me think
outside good it yeah when I came in it
was it was outside all night and popping
your knuckles it's very important okay
this might be one of the shortest videos
ever I can't even remember what was
filmed last time
I think who was getting ready for my
Newt and I'm talking about where
everybody buys and what their healing is
going and how I felt
yeah that's it we filmed them is only
like 45 seconds altogether the video is
short because you didn't really have
anybody to film kiss hey realism with
our scale buzzing with us and I was that
meaning sound and we filmed my meat but
it won't be a missed but jammed others
don't
this one goes I'm bratayley yeah hi
welcome to the family your meat videos
go on
and our daily videos go on no on that
boy's channel no those are the male
videos that daddy still hasn't edited oh
you're in trouble
bye mommy throw something at you I was
guaranteed I told you I did I think they
did pretty well at maybe on my vault
well is pretty much the same but the
judges were being the oldest had to be
and to you you'll just have to wait to
see my score and it comes up without the
only score you were upset about yeah you
were okay with you all your other scores
do you think you had a better meet all
in all this time than your last one not
even talking about scores do you think
your all your routines were better no
which one would you think was not as a
good your beam wasn't as good you think
yeah i'ma have to watch the video back
I'm not sure um what do you think is
your best meat so far first second third
or fourth well can I tell you the event
sure this one be my second one really
okay okay being this one you just had
beam the other say
reason goes your best bar not talking
about scores I don't remember them all
that's my problem
this one was pretty good hey but guess
what we said that we had a short video
at least we've made it a little longer
start talking chatting right now but you
do need to get changed and into pyjamas
yeah we need some more footage so let's
you know you're going to wake up early
to wash that gel out of your hair well
why don't you sleep standing up and that
way you won't mess your hair up for
school tomorrow maybe I could sleep like
this like seriously if you sleep not too
rough you could keep your hair tomorrow
all right let's try that pyjamas wear
your pajamas young lady did you have fun
with the babysitter today were you good
did you have fun with your friend did
you get in trouble where's your little
dog you could show what your babysitter
got the dog laughing hilarious he called
it a wall
yeah did you know that we were missing
her blankie all night thank you oh I'm
gonna sleep bite you all that's really
cute yeah did she give it to you because
you were a good girl sorry there's no
kazoo the day today if we didn't have
any time to think of one I gotta go to
bed
bye see you tomorrow
