but you weary soul to rest
yeah I will try to do my best to keep
you safe inside this
the gravity from pulling to earth
you say
it's more clear when it's more cloudy
every day
but summer is gone
for the storm cloud
I'm homesick today but I'm feeling
better
I came home sick Tuesday but he's not
feeling better so right now me and Haley
um build us something to surprise and we
go to all by ourselves and made
something PS it for daddy
she can't fit in it it's a fort but we
put our cards in it yeah I can't close
my eyes are all trip down the stairs all
by yourself and this one's mine what and
this says our best part a barn um a
horse butterfly tree and some grass
presses coating it in fit B and a one
two three Wow and who told you could
draw on that Nellie you just knew that
it was trash yeah okay yeah I don't
think he'll fit and not I know but it
has a kind it's beautiful are they
birthday cards mm-hmm look daddy's
birthday soon like on Friday yeah this
is Haley I I drew this but she drew the
circle but I did dust but she did that
you know but I was really bothered her
you know I was really proud of her of
whom she copied mine I hope you like
your gift
she wrote that by herself yeah oh my
goodness
you think I know what and I looked at
woody you did exactly what she did well
you are a pretty good copycat so I would
think that you did good job we can do a
good job you want to see the inside of
yours yes yeah oh you put a baseball on
it yeah I doubt of that
no I mean inside of the fort I won the
enzymes before yeah it's really good
yeah don't forget to put the coat on or
it won't open
oh look at that it opened yeah well I'm
glad you're feeling better and you
should go check on Caleb I think using
the math making just like today home
from school yes
I'm sick and this time really sick um I
have a fever and my legs ache I've been
up since 12:00 in the morning now it's
around 1:00 in the afternoon I am
honestly I don't feel really good today
you know you can tell that I'm really
sick cos if you guys know me and you
probably do because you've watched a
bunch more videos I run around a lot and
I've thrown the couch the whole day at
least I ate this time coming
come on 9 that you okay hey need a hug
oh yes we this ever mm-hmm I wonder if I
have been filming us okay oh thank you
oh my sweet boy
like a mommy hug I dig up so now I need
to try to go get some sleep
yeah cuz if your fever doesn't go away
like you can't go to school tomorrow
either mm-hmm it to be 24-hour fever
free really so you really can't go to
school at Mile hmm
hmm that makes you happy I see I try to
go to sleep
is the world
what is it nothing
hey did you did you uh forgot it what
who who did it for my birthday you said
me and Haley you fall you are you are
Haley hey I need to feed and water your
guinea pig you see how that you need to
feed while you're mine Haley's won't you
put on old I was on this look at your
desk Haley she wrote the inside by
yourself
she wrote the inside by herself she
should be really proud of it very good
girl a boy to make it stand up you
didn't want this what's your fort yeah
oh yeah we got some pictures under here
for you yeah
is that for bratayley yeah what's the
name of your fort fort I don't know wow
that's a good name what are you gonna
name it
ah just for burr daily what for britanni
for bruh taalib speaking of her taalib
where's Burt a Labatt - what's he doing
uh Wayne now why cuz I went to an ethics
did you have fun what did you do
gymnastics nothing at all did you run
yeah was it hard
oh I say it for bratayley
why didn't I think of that do you how do
you got a lot of try to shoot yeah yeah
you got you wanted to show me you
falling awesome good job cleaned up its
foot it's supposed to snow today today
well tonight tomorrow if you had a lock
if you guys if they call us no day but
Haley if it's a snow day you have to go
to school tackle
pretty sure you won't get me like that a
late dinner really oh god are you down
babe oh babe
