today Umberto thank you awesome eggs
you're flopping with fluff of me
flawless and awesome at the same time
yeah Oh would you a weary soul to rest
yeah I will try to do my best to keep
you safe inside this nest
I'm pulling into
it's more clear when it's more cloudy
every day but summer is gone
earn the stormy cloud
so today's my first winter workout and
it's the winter so it's still too cool
to go out and play on a field we're
going
indoors and my first practice for bass
two three
now think about
Oh
daddy unexpectedly had worked today we
all had a take Caleb well daddy went to
work so beats it Caleb to baseball we
all and wake up early on the weekend
it's not like a school days earn gems
right now we're in the car cuz we
already dropped Caleb off because the
guinea pigs are like out of food like
really out of their food but the zero
zero not even one piece left I think we
used the rest of it last night so right
now we did go to pet smarts but they
weren't open till 10:00 that's how early
it it's like nine ish so we are going to
Target and while we were waiting to go
to Target me and Haley we're playing a
little game so it's like a rhyming game
I'll say like floor and she'll say door
it doesn't have to be a real word right
right right now it can be any kind of
word for to me get up for it ready I'm
gonna fly I'm gonna do it twice because
we're emissary to Target and then hey we
can do it twice ready Haley yeah part no
sign you turn
by light maybe said bike I didn't dad
bite oh I thought she said bite ok bike
like one more Hey
say camera hemlock zambra I could take I
do not litter let's say some no for it
for there so we'll see you
these are in target or after by rocks
your whole mouth without it those yeah
that's not like a dentist's down here
adventure it dentist it does you're
gonna fall chip
did you see it no don't
ah yeah we're leaving
cockadoodle cockadoodle beautiful
people in your group yeah this morning
it's way too early
let's go back to sleep okay so we're at
the mall and we're gonna eat but it's so
early bats they're not open jets we have
to wait five minutes to be okay and then
Chipotle yep I'm meeting people and then
actually we're gonna pick Taylor to go
yes taking a nap I am so we're home for
them all we didn't get Caleb's haircut
because they were closed that's what
happens when you get places early and
you're not used to getting places early
no one's open so the kids are all
jumping on the trampoline and I'm spying
on them seeing how they act when they
don't think I'm looking
tie and he just looked at me all that
kayla just looked at me
I like here screams everyone's a while
let's go say hi it's kind of rainy out
here it's drizzling what are you doing
thank you thank you so much she said yes
guys come on Scott I don't remember
saying yeah you want to be a millionaire
so bad do they not get it I got it I
think is over honey
thanks the kids though but what you lost
they are kind of goofy-looking they kind
of screaming we gotta go
Caleb's got to go haircut they close at
5:00 no hat too easy if he does he has
to get a haircut you know why because
his mother said so excuse me I said out
loud so everyone can hear you yes yeah
yeah it's just a great excuse works
alright yo it doesn't go the vibe this
Sunday so slice one place is closed so
he Lucien called the bulk of it Oh
Connecticut pepper hair I don't cash it
will make you like it
I just took my hair down from my meet it
messy fatted and all day yesterday and
all of today mostly autumn today and
it's just really messy me mine is really
messy dense put that messy doesn't see
it wrong but but not as messy as mine
yeah we're about to get in the bath I
can wash my hair so me too did you clean
up your mess in the bathroom you get all
your dirty clothes off
No
he's primping in the mirror okay and I
think um your room threw up again
yeah is your room sick yeah my room is
it your rooms not sick wait wait wait
the doors are stuck you can't just pull
it I try to think that look at stuck up
there yeah they're stuck on each other
no claws are here no we have to get the
door in stuff you can't just wish for
another closet there I got it I just
pulled you don't know she doesn't have
room for the other doll she just found
I like how you rub your hands together
what does that mean guys your dad that
means are you braiding it yeah doesn't
make it all wavy exactly got it clean
okay let's not put the stuffed animals
in the bathroom you still have rooms are
dirty yes no idea in general bathrooms
are dirty this is gonna take a while
you're gonna do it one at a time
perfection doing it one at a time makes
perfection she just jumps in here Molly
at the door
yeah I am your maid this way she needed
a headband
like but you're going to bed why do you
need a headband
you look pretty without a headband - can
is aged no why
could you already have to American Girl
dolls why do you need a third leg you're
flopping what slough of me flawless and
awesome at the same time yeah Palfrey
spilled us noni
this girl is your mother she knows
everything colors gray Berlin order do
you know the colours of the rainbow and
order daddy days do you know hey oh hey
you look way way WAY longer today 6363
not even 36 i'm not even turn that
number around I'm still not though yeah
now what what are you like 80
oh yeah yeah oh my I am a girl my heaven
love - hey next to my hair yeah why are
you gonna go through my link in my room
oh so right now if you're watching this
my awkward money is up on a crow Ana so
make sure to go check that out rings
down below push the yellow button
oh my hair and I read the bright yellow
button well I wanted to say something
take it more work for me I'm gonna teach
you how to show you every night
I can't do push the striped button can't
do that
push the mommy button probably has a bad
day stop okay so it's time to a question
today we're doing the question of the
day it's we already did this question of
the day because we have some music zips
up if you never say that word
subscribers so sorry for all old
subscribers and already answer this
question but the question of the day oh
yeah you suck in my hand but I still
love you
video oh yeah I do that's right I love
you too
back push it ah and that is your baby's
color
now here's another question now before
you answer this is your call favorite
color the same as the last time we did
this or is it a different one do we did
a favorite color didn't anyway done
favorite color and you don't remember
your answer hmm I got four you can't
have four what is your favorite us
favorite us most favorite I don't one
should I name all four then pick this
sure green blue aqua and teal and your
favorite out of all those your most
favorite blue blue well aqua which one
will come back to you Oh purple and blue
3-amp but you have to pick one
what's the color of this light blue
light pan what about the color of her
headband it was that's like it almost a
teal I don't know
Sheila tuition like that this car this
color little tiny it light lighter than
that clear so that wasn't that's how we
do a custom today don't forget to
comment down below cuz we want to know
her question of the day one more thing
before we go we know we know that we
haven't done a big TV Shawn video or a
mail video and a long time and now he
promised to do it but we've been very
busy with all the other people yesterday
on the stage of go girl we didn't even
read yesterday it down but I shot me
don't one don't put harsh on me
so Suez life
a little bit yeah oh we hopeful you
start doing more bkb videos and shout
out videos every single day baked potato
babe okay
ah
