today I'm bratayley oh these videos
there was no hurt kid haha
would you weary soul to rest
yeah I will try to do my best to keep
you safe inside this testing keep your
gravity
to earth
it's more clear when it's more cloudy
every day but summer is gone
turn the story cloud
on the town
oh let go we went to lunch with Gavin
Papa and Oh home now and though this
table I'm opening it okay and back yeah
I'm gonna put it on the back porch yeah
okay are you gonna carry it yeah are you
a tiger yeah you look like an LSU Tiger
what's his name Tony the Tiger really my
mother
yes cereal frosted flakes well doesn't
he have a name them to start the be calm
down no what you know that is you else
knew Tyler ah what's his name
Buford if I make that up you think it's
Buford I really want to say it started
the bee but I might be wrong
sure Boudreaux it could just be Bois de
aux like non and Papas dog Bo all right
who could be the first one to spot them
may I say oh you do not oh no you do
Ossie Haley not me again who's them and
King and where are they yeah where are
we though right now what are we doing
ain't dead claw and what are we doing in
the car twice driving we're July you to
pool finally got it out of you I need
him liar liar pants on fire
where's are you the boy that cried wolf
she's the girl
are you the wolf that cried girl I knew
how did you get one chicken isn't get in
the door
how was school I got one answer even
though at the end my substitute Junie
beat Jones book and by the time they
called us I had to get all of this on
then I left my glove when I was right on
top of the stairs I would have to go
back down he's gonna jump make your
moves you can see I should see I forgot
this you what and then I forgot already
you brought your agenda I just said all
right buckle up okay so we're going to
set up the UM Oh was it cool there
barstools oh wow bar stools okay step
one place ring around Caleb's neck -
that's what works what are we doing is
that the steps Caleb yeah I think this
one may fit somewhere oh you look like a
mushroom you have something all right
for real okay I give up
I quit no 1 H 1 times 4 1 4 times 1/2
elbow what is this a math lesson yeah
you sound hoarse I do sound like a horse
what's a horse Oh hide did you see that
yeah
does she know we didn't get her she's
ignoring us
flap did you know we didn't get your
marshal yeah we got a Haley Barstow I
told him didn't any did it
Oh what are you talking about did what
yes something on your face what is that
was there a story behind this you guys
being weirdos yeah we were coloring and
you're using your face as the pain of
course that that would be two feet I was
using my marker I was using my face as a
marker the thing we get we middle nation
we put poverty marking what actually
doll cuz I read that the box was
washable and then you couldn't really a
washable on clothes yes no because if I
ran it on facial you just smeared it
what is it like a beer and a mustache I
don't want anything on your cheeks
Avery's nightbirds come off of your hair
here I not their cheek I'm about to
drool
this is very urgent your goopy tile yes
yes she's I think you're losing your
voice for real yes yes session 1 oh my
god it'll be the best day ever
no he's gonna be like actually you're
gonna be like well my nanny's out of the
house
quit kicking each other yeah that's the
role you want to get your money to go
who's gonna take you people still want
to do karate so when I put your neck
yeah she does
guess what tomorrow day happy / guess
what today is
Jenny test based on the HMO yeah come on
thing Randy happy birthday first your
sister the other sister right there
seriously no roller ghoster
yeah what what did you teach her Caleb
ah yeah yeah I've been always teaching
her to not write on herself don't teach
her to dance
oh thank you either
and go make sure Haley's not writing on
her face and like I said don't quit your
day you know hi you snuck into it you
reflection yeah it's knocking you
Oh
Wow Robbie to tell more than she needs
her dignity when the girls get a new job
oh that's darling obnoxious to be frozen
yeah
hello Roman sorry if you haven't noticed
hey you better get right on herself
never have my winter shape I'll bet that
is a wonderful picture can you tell me
who you're going oh this one's an easily
and here's a heylia who's this you we're
on the boat or on sailboat I wish that
picture would come to light and we will
really be out on the sailing in the
ocean blue oh you've got to draw the
water what color are you gonna draw the
water
yep color that water in we are we are at
daddy's drawing a pup a hockey puck yep
so this person would do that were fired
for supposed to work she do a flag and
then she drew us didn't she do some in
the back on the flag it's an airport and
then the background said airport
someone's grown the word I was pretty
sure I knew it was what was it an
airport
you got your favorite people over there
put me an anti yarn over there we should
be over there with you because you're
aware the devar
Haley sandwich I'm gonna stop you in
your face Cheri sandwich daddy it's this
person
that draw new box cue the track book so
she likes red
my racers eraser
sameer aye sir good good hope they want
to write it again I think that is
hilarious that they write the word I
don't get this game my favorite brother
how many brothers do you have
we don't have to read don't listen to
him and we'll hey if you have three
brothers and who's your favorite
you're sitting in the middle well it's
my seat wait wait wait wait we got three
of them so that you guys wouldn't fight
any didn't this morning I call the
middle seat we didn't have three feet
this morning yes I did I said I wanted
the barrel seat fine you said be one of
this see it watch this guy's this this
is the best seat right here I think
I wonder who wants this I think this is
the best one I think you might not have
a sign
you guys can flop all you want I got it
what are you going to get you water my
job oh you're gonna go get pajamas on
yeah yeah she does are you singing to me
no I'm not a child child oh oh did you
do it or did you not do what I don't
know how they were having to chitchat
I'm gonna die I always think that this
version of wood well me my friend
usually every time we're up on vault we
say we're gonna die
but it's because one time I said I was
gonna die and then
other friends said be eat she wasn't and
she she didn't make it over and I did so
now it's just been an expression that
we're gonna die at the time that's a
little negative oh that's like a
glass-is-half-empty shouldn't you want
to have your shouldn't you want your
glass half full well right now I got out
an hour early from your masses because I
gotta go to bed a little early tonight
because my needs like really early in
the morning and um this is my first time
going to the first session that's really
really early and there's not going to be
a question of the day I just wanted to
talk about my goals okay so for bolt
some bold vault is to block and make it
over with straight arms
um bars is to make my stay young tips on
both a high bar and the low bar and hmm
beam is to make my cot be on hold my
dismount and on floor fish I think it
was oh yeah um make a good leak and
rebound out of your friggin space I'm
not doing a front handspring tomorrow
she said I should rebound she said
rebound after your front handspring yeah
no I'm just teasing her it's she should
have said my front handspring are you
cold
are you ready to get in bed yes all
right we will see you Annie
bright and early tomorrow morning not
ready to go to bed my gosh
really pretty good see what is that
became is the man with a gun all right
anyway that means it must be good you've
got it right away
I know you're just an excellent drawer
Armour not excellent artist okay so we
must be Annie bright and early
hopefully I won't forget the film that
early I don't do well in the mornings
I'm not a morning person she's not do
you like except for the fact that I
Drive you to get out of macula ah yeah
I'm a little cranky in the mornings so
hopefully we'll remember right and even
help me remember just say by ethical
videos it was no her
yeah
