really son you're ruining your vlog here
actually I think the son makes the well
it's got one square of my face
and then all the other is shapeable here
let me turn the road there we go there
we go I can't get morning everybody we
are up at seventh grade no it's just up
for you huh but I won't got that done
I've got you up the first time at 7:10
then again at 7:15 wait you got me up at
7:10 yeah I started waking up at 7:00
you did oh that's why you're so mad at
me as I'm 50
bad she's like come on you have to
get up Wow I was like what is I supposed
to know hopefully when I wake you up I'm
completely ready this morning I was make
so much pick it up I don't have time to
make sure you had already tried to wake
it wait I like the word weak okay so we
are going to a place where we cannot
tell yes before her breath chicken girls
and you can tell them no we can't and
we're going to be doing stuff making
music are you told of what we're doing
yesterday really not like in detail
because okay did you tell him where we
were going
now I told him we're going to film the
music video for chicken girl I give him
guys I just want to point out but I had
no time
my hair at all whatsoever none Isabeau
tilt nothing none absolutely nothing
none zero nothing like that internists
for hair and makeup this funny because
mommy's over here like come on panty we
have to go up two minutes ago I found a
brush and she was like in essence what
about way she does I hate that question
if you ask me every day I don't care
put some clothes on their gear that
wardrobe today to weigh what you wear
and then Paige wakes up and says it's
really feel like we are pretty real on
the camera sometimes Mitchell think
Paige because she push me out of the bed
to make me wake up but sometimes we
don't feel like maybe getting greedy
because like always
no I don't like money a million things
done so there's not like you don't see a
lot of frustration because not cuz I'm
hiding it like I don't have the camera
when I'm ruining her like a maniac and
he comes through but you just read
through around like at me
clean you will it won't be for fun
they'll run around
when your kids are like what I wear
today you're like oh hey sweetie I look
up into their Bruford because i do what
they wear Oh dries you know usually
didn't have time this morning just put
some clothes on to for Haley no I don't
take credit for this outfit she doesn't
want to take did you think about it all
you do to talk is uh but you move your
mouth
and it makes different things right wait
what
Lego Batman 2 dog Lego Batman 2 I want
to go watch that just process what it
was there's a second one yeah that just
process what you said to baby son Lego
Batman 2 on that thing he's been taking
where did anyone say thingy majiggy like
thingy Matheny who was like thinking a
j-turn probably me because I'm just so
smart
yeah I need to brush my hair they're
gonna be like hair and makeup Annie
they're trying to brush my hand and Dyke
and then they're gonna have to cut that
brush out and then use another brushes
and then cut that brown traffic oh me
too
I'm great you want to play I spy
but I want to play and get through
traffic as quickly as possible Betty
flea I want
well I guess we have our differences and
you want to play I spy
possibly maybe not yes definitely okay
let's do it girl glad you agreed okay I
spy a little girl who should turn the
camera off because she's been vlogging
for six minutes that girl
he'll actually play the gap playing
games with parents get up no I spy with
my little eye something red
a car like bar right now no you're short
no that's not it got nothing the brake
light yeah no my little eye a frustrated
person
Hey drop it she has traffic issues
okay so weird got outfit 1 which we
can't really show you I don't think
she's got it on it's kind of dark back
here this is a hint of where we're
filming what scared you that guy we're
gonna go now we're gonna go try on
option 2 to at least and yeah so you
guys start trying to guess where we're
gonna give you a little hint what the
theme is like I'm filming you from
literally here up there we got a little
bit of like those other hints you guys
are gonna wait I'm gonna like try to be
a strategic like film from far away and
then everybody can try to guess like
what the theme is that'll be fun okay
set my boy stur i'll crosses this okay
we're giving a little bit of hint yeah
the stairs up they have to guess down
below what were what kind of place we're
filming up there's makeup and hair and
nails going on up here and sneak peek on
Haley's performance of it - the shoes
actually you can just rock clothes she's
a host okay this year who's gonna be
your host outfit so they're gonna go get
some pictures
don't touch the equipment I know you
weren't here for that announcement
there you go is that your performance
pose your hosting pose
are you doing the jacket her hair looks
great can't show over there people
having to guess where we are I hope I
didn't show too much secrets no one can
know where we are
they're supposed to guess in the combo
music videos are hard white
they're so cute she doesn't know you're
here yet she probably knows where's
Haley in fact Haley with food in your
mouth not rush say hello you got it
right
not good Harvey everybody always like
for real are you just joking okay
he wears a hat but I've already
forgotten max Harvey annual are in order
if you could always stay on this side
that would really help me out too
because I could go Mac guys I'm ordering
here guys
nice plug double plug right there follow
Mac and Harvey on Haley Leblanc are you
Bailey dot LeBlanc you're a dot your dot
LeBlanc there's gonna be some links in
the bio I heard you chatting over here
asking Donnie how her flight was yeah
how was your flight
oh that's not good then she wouldn't be
here right now she'd be sitting in an
airport listen
they offered me $1,000 to take a later
flight who have never been in a position
where I'm like I don't have I can be a
day late let me take that Friday I
couldn't just be two hours later well
that was about a thousand then you'd be
missing all this
Annie wraps and she goes straight to the
loo so you don't eat late lunch though
right chocolate on track to do choices
in life not chocolate on job
but Anna no banana
- its Annie's fault that we didn't do a
hotel tour yet we're at the hotel and
she hasn't come up to the room yet
that's your room yeah it's up there
somewhere hang out JC and Casey and
Hayden
and Annie hey see I like people who like
hear me speak to them and they engage
the camera these what look at these -
Annie Annie
this is Annie what do you do I'll be bad
and that's max we're American which is
pretending to be British for attention
magic
how long can i film you until this just
gets more ugly or quick my thing is
buzzing where I take it
this is mine I believe thank you I
appreciate you do you get this a lot
yeah this is probably happens a lot okay
see when I ask the cheese I thought it
would be real cheese I don't know it's
melted but he tries honest this is way
too much footage I can't even handle it
he's got food honey and he disappeared
three two one go your hands still there
okay she's a pro at this
she's a pro disappeared three two one go
you're really or anybody wish you were
as good as disappeared three two one go
that was absolutely pretty cover
disappeared three two one go Aiden
disappeared three two one go I didn't
even ask him anything what are you doing
bro
I didn't say disappear
awesome brighten my day okay to visit me
going back to the apartment and Annie
and I are saying your cuz you got an
early call time they're filming a scene
of chicken growth tomorrow we they are
yes before sound check and Haley's gonna
go home and get some good sleep and then
she's gonna see us tomorrow and get
ready for her big hosting gig how do you
feel are you nervous
give me enough quarters in your boat are
you relying a lot on Casey is he gonna
help you get through yet this is super
nice Casey
Vic you ll see you tomorrow
the skirts cute all right so we're
shopping we got a bag full of clothes to
go through to maybe that won't show
where - you should said it look like a
grandma sure and now you're saying so
we're having a slumber party Sid and
Paula are here E is a little supper
party and we're going through clothes
that might be options to wear tomorrow
you know better late than never actually
I don't think it's that bad yes love
this one I'm gonna wear this one on one
of the days that's it's just one day any
what do you mean you mean like one day
they're all in the same day tomorrow yes
but that's all the same day okay there's
a meet-up there's a red carpet and
there's performance can't sing hate
stalking but that may not be for
tomorrow yes it might pick in mighty
cute we'll see we'll see
can someone they give a question of the
day so we can go to bed how about what's
the first retail video you ever watched
and I need everybody in this room to
answer it the one but that wasn't the
first one they were in do you think
that's the first one you guys watch
they're twins and Paula later tell me we
don't refer to swim well I sure did to
the whole world because I've been around
for the long haul long how many years
ago was that six seven wait Annie was
six when she met you guys and so she was
she had just turned six like three
months late so she was probably sick
still in that video I don't know what
your phone is summer
so definitely like six maybe seven years
ago all right so you guys comment down
below what their first 40 video was our
our first not I did I say favorite I met
first
ours was you're never going not doesn't
no no no uh what was it cold when Haley
went to the movies
there's our very first one of course
because that's the first one we saw that
wasn't called what's our very first
video called I should know this well
while Annie searches for our first video
title you guys comment down below what
your first potato video was that you
ever watched we'll see you tomorrow
your time is running out Annie I know we
went to see Yogi Bear and Haley fell
asleep that was the first real vlog you
can you can click newest to oldest or
oldest to newest with daily blog but
what was the title alright so you guys
also tell us that alright tell us that -
what was that video called we'll see you
guys tomorrow we got a busy day adios
comment do your first one ever know
yesterday's that wasn't your first one
you because you know my life do know
your life I do know your life everything
you've done probably good night guys see
you tomorrow always remember to
celebrate life
based on baby
thanks for watching
Vitaliy
