today I'm Virgili when my mom got mad at
him because he wouldn't stop talking and
then when he kept talking after my mom
said to stop talking I got mad she got
her I punched him a few times he got on
me
then he punched me a few times that was
hurt I threw up a window a weary soul to
rest yeah I will try to do my best to
keep you safe inside this testing
the gravity
to her
I'd like to say
it's more cloudy everything but summers
turn the story loud
way
great features James from outside when
it was raining but somebody okay Caleb
push me down the line when it was wet
I'm calling my booty you have a box
right outside windows Love Machine up
and then you slip like this are you
dirty know what there are two layers of
what it's protecting maple Sam what the
hell I need you just didn't peel off the
entire label label the entire look first
layer yeah labels we ever got the call
mary-kate I was cute it was her birthday
Mary Kate's birthday to the trampoline
and it's Mary hates watching happy
birthday
birthday's coming up to the track okay
you're not supposed to eat syrup by
itself the other one weather no taxes
keep this I bet that one's pretty good
on pancakes or waffles that would be you
you're standing right next to the pantry
Oh daddy
me me and Caleb and Haley asked when it
was going to be done they're too hard to
see though because you're in a dark
shirt kind of okay well that is pretty
good I really can't see you guys though
very good
Haley you want to show us anything Haley
help you saw your front yeah that is a
little better we turn the light on you
guys a little I'm shivering out here the
care is all shaking that was smart I
guess
Haley's turn alright after you do a
front tuck I want to eat your backpack
again oh she takes about a million
bounces hi come on in Haley stop
bouncing for a second let her do it
Steamies good balance would be just like
your big sister
what or just like your mommy maybe Annie
can do my hair next okay maybe if you
have time before bedtime 7:30 well yeah
he's a very good friend of mine
no he's our imaginary do that is one of
my friends I know that and so he was
sitting right there by the marshmallows
yeah that's why there's some on the
floor and my mom got mad at him because
he wouldn't stop talking and then when
he kept talking after my mom said to
stop talking I got mad he got her I
punched him a few times he got on me
then he punched me a few times that was
hurt I threw him on the window and then
I pick him up and this is a little like
if he's a midget and then so my mom
starts cracking up because it looked
like I was getting beat up and then I
told out it's a midget yeah so my mom
wish she got it on film so she's kind of
mad
that but at least they got to kinda show
you what I was doing back to you what to
do it raining what should do it hey
what's going right now we're talking to
Mary Kate we sank our happy birthday and
I had it coke are you having a good did
you have a good birthday Mary Kate oh
that isn't a very good birthday are you
okay some Chevy am i smelling my
so alright can't keep up with you oh
yeah yeah you're never gonna catch up
here let me do one
don't drop Mary Kate don't drop her do
just hang up on her yeah you're gonna
say you're mad you don't look very mad
she used to say that one just a little
like this are you ready to tell Mary
Kate goodbye like a birthday cake I am
in my mom's dead and I was watching her
at it watching her at it yesterday's
video and I decided to do yesterday's
question of the day
this is my first move yes nice question
the baby it was my first what was your
first memory you've ever had I always
use the first time I ever started having
my cup that I loved my hand like you you
remember just to pick up yeah Annie
always had a blanket said Haley I had a
cup could you remember the cup oh that's
your first memory that was my first
memory at least this one was something
that mommy remembered I do remember your
sippy cup Annie was so attached to that
he was attached to his sippy cup it
didn't have anything on it nope it was
just a plain sippy cup but little
handles it was so cute what's the first
thing you ever remember what do you
remember doing when you were little she
was you remember Toshi when you're a
baby she was like six wings for when you
were born four
cuz she's eight now an ear for now yeah
but sorry I I would what gave me them on
my phone donuts Asian answer yesterday's
question of the day this is your chance
to answer it is anybody gonna try
couches what I have to draw a couch
you're not playing doughnuts if you're
drawing no John a couch depends on
something no seriously I'm okay is it
already kind of drawing couches
he's probably like the best helps that
are ever lies gonna send out don't
forget to comment down below yesterday's
question was right there's no cracking
birthday we do like draw something by
