today I'm retiring let's not break any
bones but your weary soul to rest yeah I
will try to do my best to keep you safe
inside this nest
to gravity
it's more clear when it's more cloudy
every day but summers go
during the stormy cloud
all by your yes I know that social toy
no and so I gave her I'm I'm like I know
you're gonna like it I'll put it on the
box
Oh Finch like you gave her Toshi's dog
toy it's Wilson she made you something
can you cooperate with her for a second
how to add a color Mouse tell them
because she was like just let me see it
who is it Hayley huh inside the castle
there I began begins to understand the
importance of tradition she wrote your
names bland the bottom nice snow she did
pretty good
what is he okay she asked me to write
your name on another piece of paper so
she could copy it her name up here
accent you got it
I don't like write me up lies like that
hey maybe you did when you were four did
I don't remember Kayla
remember that was even longer ago he's
old now Caleb wait 2820 let's help okay
the dog dog dog dog grand fathered stock
dog do you have ruby slippers on today
are you Dorothy pile Toshi you want to
join them on this dog pile here Toshi
join in on the dog pile
why are you screaming Annie she's clean
I gave her a bath today so good
you hear that Toshi you don't say that
about you very often and for their nuts
trip right now near Haley are on the
swings
swinging Caleb we're going inside to get
his back and exact it off the floor so
right now we're just gonna swing and so
yeah and I can't swing while I'm doing
this or I'll fly off but I'll try I'm
not going that high look what fell out
of the sandbox no it's not sand it looks
like a heart anybody know what it is
aye aye how is it oh don't let it drip
on you now it's a broken heart
Andy I know but it's we got to share it
so it's his turn back in a second
clearly she is she's throwing a
countdown this smells like oh that
stinks literally as soon as daddy fixes
this swing we'll have three of them and
no one will be fighting over the swings
anymore everybody gets 20 swings and
then we have to rotate so wait Caleb and
Hayley like this swing no but when do
you like this so why are you whining
yeah you like that one better are we
start counting Hayley swing what number
you on Hayley twelve no the argument
fifty
sibling rivalry yeah who's gonna win all
right
rotate no she's not doing a good job
sharing my swings are you figuring out
how to share and it'll be your turn
let's not break any bones no he was
stopping the swing from kidding hey
Annie hey Annie
I called her hey Annie all right it's
time to rotate good catch doing you do
you think he's in job and nobody around
but you doing Linc gonna go down the
slide Hey what are you doing what do you
need okay well can you say it in a
complete sentence nicely without whining
can you please help me up here mommy
hey you want to go down the slide come
on I dare you late no I'm not he'll
scratch me is king of the mountain are
you doing to him oh what'd he do it
wasn't him mind your ham yes Flener
you're gonna live what'd he do Caleb did
that was probably not the smartest thing
you've ever done you're mine and you're
on a white shirt going down in the dirt
hey ones at least in like play clothes
think you lost something if you lost a
shoe
hey let me punch you and I'll see if it
hurts ready face me punch you
alright ready one then if it hurts no
deal aren't you ready if you can have a
ball flying at you yeah
then this is my punch isn't gonna hurt
yeah but you're not gonna penetrate back
okay ready where do you wanna hit you
right in the cemetery touch Deucalion
and you just went flying yeah that was
so fake yes it was I'm trying you just
slip around on the paper write them
daddy's on the couch doing our mail
because we've been behind on our channel
videos give you videos and mail video so
we decided to do a mail video because
that's the most things we had to give
here for boxes if four boxes are mail
something we thought we should do one
we're gonna catch up yeah that's just
some of the mail we got that's just some
of the first box no peeking what's up
man you do a little sneak peek yeah oh
what's America oh my gosh look at all
that stuff
Wow Kahless babe team favorite baseball
team football team what are we having
like some midnight snacks yeah yeah you
had dinner
P Kenny that's all the sneak-peek
another mail you get snacks of champion
dr. pepper what women dr. pepper would
not like you and an advertising person
they want to sell dr. pepper to
everybody even kids like you why do you
think you're awesome
I know so you don't really think you're
awesome I think you're awesome make us
I'm recording hurry to burning
I'm sure someone in one of the Commons
asked I love fun
can you please film Hayley Kayla thought
it would be fun to turn the king of
cheese breaking yeah let's go Charles
yeah I thought each other now look
breaking news breaking news
Haley at 10 o'clock at night
that's really not breaking I want some
breaking I said ugly dog doing Sam he's
trying to think of some news topic some
breaking news can you think of somebody
he's weird
break Whitney walked him another voice
though your metal news voice me
understand you
upp upp all right what's your breaking
news he's not now I will tell you this
most news reporters don't turn and spin
around they sit at a day we swap any of
the fates
oh yeah we back to you Caleb back to you
really backing this sexy UK back to you
Haley
someone's got to do some news
