today I'm ver Taylor dinner's ready
Caleb thank you what's your weary soul
to rest yeah I will try to do my best to
keep you safe inside this mess
who gravitate
you to birth
I'd like to say
it's more cloudy everyday but summer is
gone
turn the stormy cloud
and right now we're grabbing stamps and
today was my second day at our new
school today I met more friends and I'm
not bad neighbors anymore
and I don't think I have a voice teacher
I do have a voice teacher but I don't go
yeah he changed classes at the school
but I don't think I changed his price
so and then after dance what are we
doing that to dance oh yeah we're going
back to Target or somewhere else we're
just gonna go back to a store right now
almost every day we're going to a store
and we're looking at barstools as we
couldn't get any ones that we tried to
get we had work
and we need three just one now does
Kayla me
you know
I think it's called tree okay love me
and trip
taking away
and we're also going to look for of
something to keep out all our shoes and
receive a bunch of shoes hats need love
and all of that are right front of the
door so yeah
okay so here I go one more thing I like
way way better that from this house in
the old house that we can have a
driveway yeah parking lot
so I guess wait wait wait I got one more
thing and for the money of dance we're
using $19 I get two dollars what was the
Treecko
and her name's not Haley she's free hey
I guess I'll see ya after dinner me but
I should you think of those Hey
all right here's my color light and it's
easy to clean that would be dirty that
would get dirty everywhere that's white
and you guys are messy I need three I
didn't see anything
look at that chair over there that
baseball tear think you'd like that yeah
hey little bit like that yeah that's a
that's an ottoman all right I'll put
your feet on it
you sit in a chair and we hit rafinha
I'm not going to hold no I don't think
this is the mastics one but can you put
this back up what about it if there is
if there was a gymnastics one what about
if they designed it for you to sit on uh
no one bands laughs logical this is the
kind of pose I want this is all Oh what
is that mess I was gonna go organize
your room you wanna help out with a nice
room all right ready break Haley Haley
Haley
we've created a bigger mess by trying to
organize the little mess we want to quit
yeah I'm done are you gonna help
yeah she she's just sitting there
playing with the stuff that mommy's
putting out getting out you have a lot
of toys she needs to put them in a
basement why why why why why why come of
this is yours like the crayons and yeah
she steals my stuff what don't make that
face up here you're showing the truth
look the truth Haley
sticking to me alright we need to put
all of these we need to find a bin for
all of it like put all your Lalaloopsies
in here okay Lizzy look look at the
difference yeah do it okay you have all
the Lalaloopsies in here yeah no so
right now here is you is a teeny not
really cuz this is how we started kind
of not really yeah
so we decided to put our her um for
Moshe idel
up on her shelf can you reach here for
you five oh that's gonna look good she
said please oh she fell let me help ya
she's like what you got an American Girl
ring I said American Girl have a monster
high doll collection
yeah wish i what shelves okay so right
now we are in the basement
oh and it's time to do the question of
the bed so the question of the day hi
resume rewind
okay hey hey hey what he said sample
question of the day
hmm today is I thought of costume today
is all right already said it but not in
wrong the question of the day is what's
your favorite subject in school I picked
that question today when we just started
to cool we just got it on to go get your
school in our new school so I thought it
would be a good one
my is probably writing Caleb yeah I mean
uh grass recess that's true it can't be
recess
that's the rule Oh Holly don't what was
your favorite subject it can't be recess
she said lunch
can't be recess over lunch
yard subject huh those aren't subjects
girl okay okay now please take these off
that's up they don't know you don't know
I'm trying to face your or should I do
this I look okay so I know you guys
think we haven't done and shout a video
or bkd or a mail video but it's because
hold on but it's because we moved and
rat on your school now and we've been
busy and all of that but we still
haven't forgotten
so the we'll probably do one soon
I've never been up there cuz I'm not a
monkey I'm so glad I see you wait one
more question which I'm going to be in
caddy oh yeah dinner Hailey and Annie
decided they wanted to take karate coz
Haley wants to quit gymnastics and Annie
wants to quit gymnastics I kidding Haley
does I want to quit gymnastics right
Haley Hey look do you want to try karate
you just want to be lazy hey you don't
want to try karate with only two begging
ok show me your best karate move if
you're gonna try karate oh wow hey Missy
your best karate move I got it don't
even try that's not a karate move hit
really locking in okay alright let me
see it alright
like whoa whoa stop at that that might
hurt yeah guess what that it goes to a
window you're not chopping goodbye
window thingamajigger that wood may have
nails oh that one doesn't jump Danny you
don't know karate you cannot crook
karate try and hold it okay this is the
rest of my story okay ready yeah okay Oh
check it not matter
ah oh don't use the is alright break it
with your head Caleb don't let him do it
it'll be fun
I'll be fine he's a trained professional
what please I misspoke certainly may not
like this no I can definitely yes I'm
going hungry go cook me something I
didn't buy a box I'm Jackson didn't do
that again the first move what I didn't
try something a little bit sideways like
this a bit like now that means it ends
like that yeah
Oh fried chicken thank you pretty cool
you guys are totally the next Karate
kids I'm just saying I'm just saying
dinner's ready Caleb Ariel spot you want
an air
I like this mommy mmm like this out like
that now he's riding back sighs ah
whoopee miss squared of having too high
whoa sorry oh my arm
yes by the any try before she whines our
heads off it's an amazing one yeah
backwards with the other foot put that
foot down and go around with the other
foot oh that one and then swing the back
leg around that there you go now try I'm
scared just for the record I know
nothing about cry
I baked potato baked potato baby
