put your weary soul to rest yeah I will
try to do my best to keep you safe
inside this testing
the gravity from pulling you to earth
it's more clear when it's more cloudy
but summers gonna come over the stormy
cloud
we just got in the car and we're gonna
go tour our new school and then we're
gonna go to our last day of school and
our old school and today and our old
school we're having a Christmas party
so yay and and the power went out
yesterday but it's back on now so we can
finally upload more videos yay yeah I'm
sitting in the back and on today like a
labardi said we're going to the Chris
not the Christmas um go up to Tora our
new snark yeah yeah and um that's why
we're gonna be late to her old school
but today we have a Christmas party and
it's really exciting I think shoes ie
Tupac types
yeah so see ya later okay so we're back
from the tour
that we're driving toward other school
and getting ready
to
be there right when we get to the other
school it's Jimmy's run for almost my
time for my lunch and I packed my lunch
I said we at the tour we didn't know
that we were actually gonna need our
teachers but we did we thought that we
were just gonna walk through the halls
and see but we did then we met our
teachers and Caleb Caleb got to go
inside spots but he's in have classmates
in because they were doing this little
but is it cold
assembly but I got but our teacher my
teacher went in the hallway because they
were watching the Polar Express while
we're watching it now and the other cool
thing we found it hours about that that
our school is that it's 2-2 story school
mommy thought it was a one-er about me
found out it was it too so if we go that
we're probably gonna go there next year
and I'm gonna get probably to go
hey hey hey everybody likes to swim off
so I come in there what okay maybe so
we're still we're still a little sad
about switching schools but at least we
get a little break from it
you better not turn that thing off
really hope you can still see me um and
so the question of the day I'm JLo gonna
sing yeah
one two three Hey what do you say it's
time for the course another day all
right yeah the question of the day is
have you ever seen have you ever
searched two schools in the middle of
the year yes yes yes no really boom boom
boom yeah always
so do you have anything to say before I
turn yeah oh yeah um really really like
I'm moving closer over here so you can
see me there okay are you doing it right
here - thanks
I'll be at noon we got a cheap TV and
our basement two of them one little one
the big one by yeah I know yeah
Oh y'all okay and the other thing is
that I said goodbye to my no one can see
your face I can see it and the other
thing is I said goodbye to my friends
and it was really sad but two best
friends so see you tomorrow
hold on don't forget to comment down
below kiss me wanna know the question of
the day is the question of the day is
have you ever have you ever switched
schools in the middle of the year I see
tomorrow
I don't blame will I apologize I was
oont in the whole time so I may say that
again don't forget to comment down below
because we want to know the question of
the day is I forgot again oh my gosh
yeah yeah have you ever switched schools
in the middle of the it bye see you
tomorrow again
baked potato baked potato babe okay
ah
