today i'm vitaly the power just went out
when I did this I got the daily s look
at my dude like ever like the bling
Gretch and it was a gaming screen table
what you weary soul to rest
yeah I will try to do my best to keep
you safe inside this nest
- gravity from
going into her
it's more clear when it's more cloudy
every day but summers gonna cover the
stormy cloud
see what
Oh Haley just woke up from a nap and
she's been preparing yeah um so I wanted
to go play out within she were to play
out with me so then I started on the
floor crying it was very tiring and then
Annie just dropped her the remote to our
old tap our old TV well not on TV we
still have a better old house teeny cut
our remote to our TV that we use here
that you know that cable remote oh yeah
I'm okay no greater that out our table
remote that we use for our TV them still
have and then at right there I just
struggled saying that and we're out the
house still trying to pack up the rest
of stuff and I just walked in the door
waiting it for the pizza and we're
looking at Christmas pictures dancing
the one like you agree a little new boy
baby that's you I knew that and now I'm
big tall when did you do that how did
you get bigger when it was over right
after that picture you got big do these
actually come on they're actually broken
no they don't really light up but it did
come unglued
yep that's add up even more fun yet how
do you do this I didn't do it I remember
where I got the frame did you make it no
I had some wood
we're okay infant
yoga and glitter we just got back from
the dance and we're waiting for the I
see what you're doing want to learn how
to iron no daddy's in there ironing of
uniform do you want to iron no I don't
know in boot camp
no I'm not gonna boot camp
I don't like wear boots no I like camp
what'd you wear the day boots and I
didn't want to wear the boots the fun to
say cuz I say those sounds like motive
I'm saying boots
and look dumb it hurts cuz you're
getting sick again now cuz why I'm
hungry normally call the pizza and yell
at him the pizza man and yell what
should I say dancers
you're really really gonna be here they
should have been here ten minutes ago
you an iron wanna do it because you're
scared to iron yeah sure
daddy can go with burned pants to work
tomorrow what each other do this I don't
have to do it you gonna be in charge of
ironing daddy's clothes oh I heard the
door how about I give you a piece at the
same time on the count of three I'll
hand you a piece
would you like a plate and you
here's the dealio I don't know where the
plastic plates are so you're like you
know these are breakable
so we're going to be very careful right
okay enjoy have a good dinner okay come
here all right I'm gonna have a good
dinner
I need that delicious give you even
tried it yet that's what you get for
eating a popsicle when it's 30 degrees
outside get a Christian what tie are we
getting up tomorrow we could sleep in a
little bit more since we don't have to
be at school on time you're not you've
been relieved of your duties did you
turn your belt in you have the turn of
ng are you sad you want to be a safety
patrol at your new school you're good
yeah did you enjoy it or not at all did
you expect it to be fun it's kind of
work kind of a job
thank you our lunch people nah that's
not your job
Bonnie you guys need a fix instead watch
oh they did not do a very good job
putting it together okay let's not pull
on it good do a very good job I don't
know who put it together daddy you don't
use the letter right now I know just you
hate me for that ladder right now you're
gonna break the bed No nice I'm just
digging up does not stand on drawers
either you guys are driving me bananas
someone's gonna break the bed all right
we've got to fix your bed hey give me
some tools well Chester - you got tools
in this drawer mommy look I can pull
here you can hand out but you know I
don't see really all you do is what's
been in here that I want to do oh yeah
hey yeah I can hear it and I don't even
need the stethoscope mommy can you say
hit a mommy you say you don't trust me
with true oh this one's yours I thought
faller being too loud over there because
it goes with it matches your jewelry box
what
why why don't you like girly rooms oh
that's why your middle name is great you
guys most certainly didn't hit you most
certainly did not get your dance moves
from your mother
you can't to show you guys but my
yeah no thanks I'm just hot you guys
that's my dance go shower love you see
you later bye it's time for you to get
in bed she'll forget today I said you
shower you go to bed and you're doing
the right thing by cleaning your mess up
out of the bathroom
thanks Caleb well it's that time right
now you're the only one not listening
and you're gonna break your light you
get a night why should we put up on the
shelves what do you want to put up here
um when we do your room what would you
like give it daddy said no not dirty
clothes fine do you have any pretty
decorations
got necklaces I got one boom oh gee pop
yes you do
yeah well good well I don't know but
where was this one from it's lumpy neck
Jean Essex yeah check on meadow first
place I don't know what's the answer you
say what everything do you think you are
for his place
I think everybody got a medal in your
class yeah yeah
what are you doing okay here
can you help me fold this in my room
sure the well the power just went out so
daddy's not how many any scared Souls
Haley not kind of scared cuz I was
downstairs just on the computer and your
lights four good ones you just
completely shut off they said that the
flights oh my god you times and your
sweat off you don't mend I only one time
hmm why are you so scared Annie because
a good dark and milk Oh
the sky was doing a funny thing yeah
well I don't want to scare you guys but
I'm scared because the rumor and also um
I didn't even know about the rumor until
Annie told you I did Oh Nicholson I
thought I was on the 24th
I never you supposed to be the twin what
you hear Annie my I cry day I heard was
about Oh bunk ow
Oh fondos okay I promise what did you
hear what rumor to do here the world's
gonna end um okay so you think oh my
gosh like at all
did you phone you know why cuz I got 10%
battery left
oh so you think that the lights going
off means the end of the world biz right
now it's just scary cuz Annie barred it
up I wasn't even thinking about it will
you feel better when daddy's home
yes you don't trust your mommy we do I
trust you with delights the daddy knows
what I do what I can't do anything
except use my phone as a flashlight
actly the candles are packed up I don't
even know where the flashlight is
daddy's in the military
he can make fires nearly can't who need
two sticks and he's not Berlin we have a
fireplace covered up by the TV covered
up by the TV good job mommy nice
the Lincoln Liggett like they have never
prepared for emergency excuse me why
aren't you prepared and she has a TV
block from the she has the fireplace
block with the TV I didn't do it Betty
dude okay I kind of turned mad that's
your doubt you still should have told
him that we shouldn't do this cuz what
if the power goes off I'm not gonna
build a fire in the dark or not but
Annie your iPod's coming in handy again
cuz it's charged so we can film right
now don't know where the other cameras
clicking my eyes and your flashlight
look so beard oh you're from me doesn't
have the best life what's that
I just got the when I did this I got the
daily s look I budging like ever like
the bling Grinch and it was the TV
screen table really really the big
account
if the scariest Grinch ever guys it look
like don't shine it in her eyes where's
the Grinch over there on cable I can't
see it it's too dark
there's another car over there backing
up it could be daddy no it's that's your
shadow up there me you're scary when you
do does that I think the lights on your
innocent
I don't know how long I'm going to have
a splash site maybe we should get flash
you get a flashlight on Annie's but we
don't have internet that's how I always
do
Dhaka Ikey yeah okay so we'll see you in
a little bit if we can buy hopefully the
lights come back on Lyn quickly in a
little while guys spit on my for
counting on me for awful or was I
sleeping and through my daddy's not
weird Eddy sleeping on his chair so this
means we can't upload the video we'll
upload the video maybe get electricity
back and we were just about to sorry
sorry Charlie's bitch is Charlie an
angel is scared dude fine guys
the skater than you can hmm dying are
you fine I was scared of than them I I
didn't tell you that I fight now you're
fine now how are you doing I'm good
good I'm not I'm fine
oh this sure she's not yet so mommy get
in the bed I'm in the bed that you were
I'm in the bed
if it's for standing like right yeah me
too I was like hmm
so and to we get our electricity back he
won't have this any videos uploaded
hopefully it won't take very long
so I guess see ya tomorrow or the next
day cuz we might like you know just the
wake up slide yeah
every single potato baked potato
