we shall weary soul to rest
yeah I will try to do my best to keep
you safe inside this
the gravity
to her
it's more clear when it's more cloudy
every day summers gonna burn the stormy
cloud
so we spent all night our first night I
feel so weird saying because we spent
every night in our under house of that
it would sound and right now me Nani
Papa and mommy I going to mind me
innocently sliding through the monster
Oh getting butterflies out at the last
minute I want I will seem so scared in
the morning why can't I be in the second
session
Danny here how you feel
bundled your bundle all right here we go
no ready Joey all right we'll just stay
here in the garage okay she look like an
old woman
I got um we see this on vault seven
seven buys 8 7 - 5 B 905 floor 8/3 all
around 433 7
seven times
and why well do you get what was your
first up you got something today
come on keep off your first nine oh I
got my first nine on level 5 level 5 on
beam I thought I was gonna be either
uncle buys your food not on beam we had
a good be reduced
marvelous turnaround it looks marvelous
Wow
what's your cat doing what are you doing
Lynx do you like it out here it's cold
out here
he doesn't know what to do out here
you're trapped you're traveling no I
locked the door so that he can't get out
do you think he likes it here I do I
think he's a little scared no if you
wanted to go inside he'd go oh he's
scared of Bo oh you're so big and bad
come on - crow come on which we cat
meowing about kami went out he's no Jim
now he's trapped very going last night
after money I went straight to that
literally and while me and Caleb were
asleep Haley complained to mommy about a
stomach ache and there Haven girl off
all night and there was a rough night
for all of us except for me and Kay love
and maybe Donnie the video was a little
short because everybody was asleep at
Harry was sick and there is nothing so I
guess you'll see it tomorrow no question
of the day and now we're dealing with
blanks meowing cuz he wants outside and
we're not letting him go outside because
he doesn't know his way around here yet
we're gonna try to keep him in for a few
days before we let him outside he's not
happy with us Breitling's
you mad so it's been quite a day with
Annie's meat got sick kid tired kids mad
cat
but a baked potato baby
