but you weary soul to rest
yeah I will try to do my best to keep
you safe inside this
the gravity from pulling to earth
you say
it's more clear when it's more cloudy
every day
but summer is gone
for the storm cloud
I got you wrote you decorated the box
have a question for you
where'd the furniture go where'd our
furniture go le potentia yeah um every
turn in the house it did
are you excited yeah where are you
sleeping tonight in my foot room the
room here over there
thanks for loading the whole truck up
with all the furniture you're strong you
moved every piece of furniture we had
thank you
who did ya ha ha papa yes and place it
right here Billy
no don't tell me dispel it ha ha can you
write that man that was it I was pretty
good help
okay it's fun
I see lol mother L and a why like your
in your name your broke daddy's name and
what is a dumb buddies le bill hanging
of his friends who came to help him yeah
Nani's Billy oh it's the same spelling
okay they're both named Billy so um I'm
about to show you the living room of our
old house then I'm going to show you the
dining room
um I think you might be able to see that
behind me so if you didn't I'm gonna
show you that later but my back to show
you the living room five four or let's
go three two one
of course I got my nerf bullets right
there trying to shoot that balloon took
me awhile but I was also target
practicing on the moon too I took a lot
of shots out of it could have a few
times and it over here so are my
favorite using you got Haley drawing
right here yeah of course my xbox
duct-tape board games on it huh no but
here's the dining room well this is
where cable you sleep that's the that's
the computer that I'm usually on another
picture of all of us to fit down a clock
used to be there there is a nice room
the chorus nests the clock the guinea
pigs up jumping down angel oh no TV no
knees I bought an iPhone choose iPhone
let's go look at these two and here it
is hmm TV yeah mrs. Hale is in public
Muslim hmm
this is the biggest checking to see em
I'm going to find a new house yes we are
we're sleeping here for the first time
aren't we the world of peat but in the
world of peat Oh Caleb you need to get
this place cleaned up it is kind of a
disaster
what are you doing you need to come eat
you like your new to vanity you ready to
set this room up what are you doing your
beds not put together yet is it no
that's right where are you gonna sleep
right here are you gonna stay in your
bed all night she's making her bed daddy
that's wrong see no more monkeys jumping
on the bed
we are in your room yes okay good night
this is my bed
this is room Donny sleeping this is a
box we can't find the pillow case for
this it's fine my American Girl doll box
this is my dress American senior high me
before they got my little hat notebook
really cool all I have to do is undo all
of these oh I don't have this box that's
the box that I got all the sheets out of
and I don't I don't have anywhere to put
it right now yes it does can I rail look
at you I can't stay in your room for a
little while until I get organized going
in your room now my room is too full
enjoy stuff it is go to my bathroom
you're right yeah bathroom stuff first
heroin yeah Oh
Caroline's already got a spa in her room
why everybody's looking for daddy's here
this house
cousin Caleb groom I'm along in the
basement elfonzo knows that he's not
allowed down there
it's not finished Alfonzo you can't go
down there
he knows who it's dark in here
oh yeah I don't have lights in here
what's the question the hinge is how I
was trying to turn it
what happened Haley oh don't bang on it
just be patient
first night in the new home and these
are the issues we're getting box got it
breaking in a ring sir
mission accomplished we broke in we made
it a li okay so what's the rule but
we've learned on our first night here no
lock in the door that's right okay don't
lock it do you know how to lock it yeah
you turn this so you don't do that that
was not easy
fine I love doing that okay can I go out
can I go out ma'am
thank you did you see the dead no cuz it
really shut me out potato baked potato
babe
yeah
