good morning everyone happy Tuesday or
actually probably Thursday for you but
it's Tuesday morning for us and it's a
dance party these two goons are doing
school daddy and Paige went to work out
and I'm monitoring the goons that come
but you guys learned y'all did you know
we went to a dance class yesterday if
you didn't see yesterday's video yes
first hip-hop dance I have faith thank
you going
Riley let's go so today on the agenda
while they're dancing we are doing
rehearsals for rock your hair which it's
a very important you guys because
tickets are selling out fast and
hopefully though it won't be sold out by
the time you guys see this video and
that you want to buy tickets the concert
is on Saturday and Haley is hosting
co-hosting today is Tuesday but it's
Thursday for the people watching and
Annie is performing with some of her
really good friends must be a really
good time and today they're rehearsing
for it Haley's gonna be rehearsing with
Casey Simpson and rush Holland because
they are our fabulous hosts and Annie
will be rehearsing for all of her songs
including the possibility of fly for the
first time so she's thinking she's gonna
do it but we're gonna get to rehearsals
and play it by ear I think it's gonna
happen
we're excited come see it
description for tickets down below but
y'all stay tuned for her CIL's without
some kind of fun that's later today
right now it's school time and then get
ready to go time and then we'll be yeah
then we'll sleep or something
oh yeah where's Billy Allah we're gonna
really i'm not shake us oh she thinks
it's gonna but right yeah what did i
miss it's pretty good do you got a new
women was there meaning if I ever got a
tattoo which I'm terrified of it would
be like something for Caleb like a
heartbeat or a CL or a number seven or
something what about like a seven in
Roman numerals or in like tally marks I
don't know where or when you should do
your own face on your own so on my face
now that I've got a face automatic give
a facial was I want a facial okay the
picture though bears part was like
should you're laying on his bed and she
you're like you have no clothes on in
here and there's like a sheet like out
here
I mean I'm not she's my friend anyway so
she does but she takes this oil and she
does this and massages her chest I
didn't know that felt good it was like
solar and it was like and she would do
that with the oil and then just give me
goosebumps just thinking about it about
balance variety we stayed up and do like
2 o'clock in the more I heard so
midnight
got still pretty late when school goes
the way you want it then or when you
think everything's about you that's what
just happened right there page like oh
that's me and Annie's like yes you got a
mic again
okay yeah clearly there's the host
Bartow came from just or that game no
any mean he came first like yeah that's
old that's been around a long time
you Justin Bieber didn't not all right
so Danny's gonna take a nap instead of
rehearsing it's happening the gels
toilet peeling off minder for the first
something that's a guy I do to actually
have a reminder for my the parking lot
the hosts are arriving oh this is the
cool room eyes it's a little what the
other rooms colder it doesn't matter
three as long as one takes over if she's
saying something it's nice for you to be
there cuz if not she got support yes you
know maybe I don't know where's my
sister
okay see what's your name you guys want
to make sure you know how to pronounce
people yes like they don't say Mia
that's wrong and then I was telling them
we should look up by all information
because that's what their name is doing
before yeah do your research
but Brooke just goes after they finished
she goes that's what rehearsals are for
gotta start somewhere didn't go the way
they wanted it to go but it was the
first time they ran through it alright
we're gonna tie around with the idea of
what Brooke and Annie sitting during the
club you got me excited alright so we're
gonna move you over Brooke and you guys
can practice on the stool her legs are
longer so she can balance better on the
broken stool
how'd it go my little host he hosts can
be killed it all right I cannot wait
you killed the animals so how do you
feel Haley hey weird I feel weird are
you and less nervous or more nervous
very late are you less nervous or more
nervous yes last good you know better
you guys are gonna tell some jokes of
hair I don't even want to know what your
jokes are so alright you're going back
up before you get in trouble yeah so
we're just eating well we just ate
dinner we had itz√° you're so pretty
Oh your daughter is that we're glad to
be back reunited together pili fine
obviously I'm your Haley spot are you
Haley okay it's me Brooke its Brooke
it's right it means and I'm sick just
rush mr. doe in the head either look at
that how cool is that
pretty good it's just a fire but it's
pretty it's life
I didn't you change
Oh guys this pit fire is on the truck
okay
so update we made a bet we made it back
but traffic was horrible it was just us
because Annie went to go see a movie so
we're here having a girls night I feel
like we do that a lot
we I drove put face mess like we she's
just like okay let's just talk about the
traffic was horrible and it was very
scary to drive in LA and I'm yeah I want
to do it again yes so we're back and we
actually feel super tired
I feel super tired but we can probably
just watch a movie in a yeah I know what
we should watch okay Sowers I'm gonna
get ready for bed and then go to vote
I'm so relieved what oh yeah should we
wait till later let's go down her cuz
then we're gonna be sleep just like do
it um what is your favorite show like
what's your favorite show or movie show
a movie you have to pick one
okay I would do know like pick which one
we're gonna do show ramesh up show okay
so favorite show house full house I
would say fixer-upper oh that's a good
one
I like do you like Disney Channel too I
don't want look for like a show that's
like Oh Reese whoa I'm so you can't no
nice knowing turn the TV on anyway so
yeah I don't forget a guy right oh you
do it you do it you love doing it don't
forget to comment down below because we
know the question of the day
what if you fit now Lau sorry sorry
people who live with us it's like seven
o'clock the road that shouldn't be
asleep I'm kidding oh you guys what you
guys do oh are you faking are you faking
again you are you are - did you miss us
I love it here you been what bear kala
bear where is it Oh Annie goes from
acting her age to not acting her age to
acting - old spider-man spider-man know
how it goes what you fell asleep
ok our movie was good we're glad to be
back with them where we sell our house
without totally feel like we're fuller
house yeah we are we're glad to be back
with our clan somebody somebody caught
the white oh ok
question of the day a little bit it's
not like different dim the lights okay
question of the day oh it's decorated at
home we have boxes and stuff Oh oh my
gosh this picture
this or do you print these I need to go
to Walgreens cuz I need to pick print a
picture of Caleb for here this is so
pretty
okay question of the day fixer-upper I
love that I like fuller house - you
watch it without me okay well we went to
a movie so that's fair enough
it reminds me of the old ones I know
reminiscing I grew up watching that show
okay question on the neck is can they
keep pouncing on me I know
are you a dress person or a pants person
I like pants I like pants me to sweat
pants no I know look what they got you
guys we gave in at this house that
really gave in they actually didn't even
know a noisemaker fan for Paige they
just thought it would be nice here
because there's you know we didn't want
it up in the law cuz it's too noisy up
there but if they're not good it is
going in the loft all right guys
comment down below pants pants or a
dress tomorrow we're going to Nicole
Rocca hares house Brooke and rush and
all them for a table read Paige like
what's the table read for them until the
afternoon say school in the morning
table read the cast or I don't know if
all the cast but most of the cast of
going for a table read it's where you
maybe it's where the cast goes and reads
everything and just make sure everything
is good to go and get familiar with the
scripts um technically we've never done
a table read so it's gonna be an
adventure for all of us I think they
need somebody to play their mom I
haven't asked what it is no I know but
I'm not playing them all because that
much real one I know but now we're
getting just like tube retaliation
just like the mom I would have to dye my
hair darker and gain some weight and
shrink are you calling me an old fat
lady she was talking about the character
I'm gonna go put her on all right guys
before this gets out of hand anymore
we love you we'll see you tomorrow don't
forget that question today that we asked
like 10 minutes ago
bye alright bye
always remember to celebrate like
based on take baby
thanks for watching
Vitaliy
