today Albert Ayler village Dominic goes
a weary soul to rest
yeah I will try to do my best to keep
you safe inside
the gravity
to earth
like to say
it's more cloudy
but summer is gonna come over the stormy
cloud
today it was just normal day we went to
school we came back home and right now
we're on the way on our way to dance
and um honor on our way to dance um
after dance we're going to another
Christmas party and we're running a few
minutes late so hopefully we'll make it
on time for the dance and then we're
gonna try to get um a present so we're
gonna see if we have time to run by the
store to get a present to go to the
Christmas party but we're really gonna
try cuz we're running a few minutes late
so just a normal day and you know it's
weird even when it's on your birthday
day it feels like a normal day so I
don't feel any older
we're second I can never talk well I
guess we'll see you at the Christmas
party we're in the car go into the way
we're leaving
yeah you know what I mean yeah we just
got stopped by a bus so we're really
running late let's see if I can film
this Oh too bright out well
no way I can see it I can see it now now
left
well we just got stopped it's right
there so we're probably on the way so we
might not have get to go to get the
presents so it never fails when you seem
like you're in a hurry you always get
stopped by something in a red light that
you when you're not in a hurry you
always get to go and on green on on when
you're on green lights but when you're
in a hurry all the red lights come on
just like weird so see ya again so we
just arrived and I'm getting out of the
car and there looks like something broke
did you redo that well um anyways it's a
little it's a little cold and we're
going in - where are we going - for this
door and um it's about this like right
there walking in right now and one rule
code I can barely talk we got to the
store and hours on we picked up the
present
we got to go boogie on over to the dance
studio
yeah yeah I got a snack I would have
picked a healthier snack but they didn't
have any so I pick um rips that crack
cheese and I also dot I would have
gotten a healthier drink but this is all
they had
that's the after I drink and select
about it but I'm gonna from hairy food
for a few seconds Tana doodle you were
weird and so hey is that my sweater that
she's wearing no yes maybe lit you
remember that sweater yeah I remember
putting it on Wow yes we dug out all
your fort oh no first my girlfriend okay
okay
she's always not normal even the cameras
off
yeah that's true she's pretty much back
like that all the time huh yeah camera
on camera off she watching me turn the
camera off Boop you're still doing it
well okay so we'll see you at the
theater I decided so I'm not gonna go
over it again so I just want to see you
after dance
what are you doing them young lady
fine what do you play
why are you and your brother's dead stop
on my bag okay so you stole his bed
instead of just cleaning the bed off
yeah every time you swipe the brownouts
why not that's why I'm doing excellent a
game of it um good ninja turn or
something to injure so we just came home
from the push black Christmas Christmas
I don't have much truth to 14th I guess
Christmas party and another Christmas
party and we stayed a little too late
and so hey can't Haley and Caleb are
already asleep so it's my job to
practice so here it goes
hey Danny that's here oh okay I'm not
used to say oh this big that farthest
attack cat I think he's coming up here -
OH
push the poor cat well his father's on
like the iPod touch
what do you want me to do break this he
just wanted to touch it he heard it was
an iPod Touch yeah I get it
it was my joke it wasn't a very good one
oh I'm United oh I'm sorry well she's
Pat you like a dog yeah
oh he said today is a very special day
because it's our hundred
think of doing videos see if I 100 week
I can't believe that we reached 100
weeks I'm secure with 100 videos 100
weeks I'm doing videos so that's really
exciting
we almost been doing video for 2 years
now on port 80 all together is um you've
been on YouTube since 2008 we started a
crow Anna at the end of 2008 that's
pretty cool that's a long time before it
was four years last month I think mom
just told me that we've been doing um
daily videos for five months the wind
that's just for you bye
so your throats dry do you want to keep
doing daily videos or do you want to
quit
hell no do you pop your back yeah
there's the blight yes this is I thought
like that alright it's time to wrap this
thing up for really oh oh they're gonna
take a picture of me filming me yeah
alright do it
it's a little complicated but yes I did
you know how to even use that camera
yeah alright take a picture of me let's
see I take another one
take another one let's try the baby
version I - that I don't care you can
save it one Josh it just threw me in the
trash yes I did
very happy
every bit one more well I have no photos
yeah cuz you just deleted your only
photo yeah all right it was at it no I
have to take a picture of links duh
links Haiti's don't want your fur on
your head
I got his head no no no stay still lucky
like a bedroom cleaning is oh I'm glad
you're well known it's a Degas you Jimmy
I didn't scare me Jamie you can flip it
around by pushing the button yeah I knew
that
do you see what I'm talking about video
oh yeah I'm awesome
what are you doing with her I'm messing
it up
I knew the look
we take the picture yet the video on a
once that you need to get ready for bed
I guess somebody texted me so I I guess
see you tomorrow
yep bye bye I'm going to tie the going
bye-bye everybody sing along ah database
potato Bay
yeah
