today undertale weary soul to rest
yeah I will try to do my best to keep
you safe inside this
the gravity
it's more clear when it's more cloudy
but summers good
burn the stormy clouds and all the doubt
hi everybody I'm so excited because um
right now we're in our new house and we
come up we came a few days early to
start painting and we're we just
finished um doing the tape push to make
sure that we don't paint the little
white stuff so this is a room we're
starting with it's gonna be the guest
room we're gonna paint it what color is
that what color is this gonna paint it
this color palette it's a sample see
what color it is okay so we haven't
painted yet me all the houses we went to
were wall of white so we're just gonna
do the painting as we go so this will
show you this is before I like I already
showed you and when we're done we'll
show you what's after and how all of it
changed to this current well what we
will give you a house tour in a few days
first paint okay so we're still at the
house and I'm in my room just hanging
out and mommy down your painting
downstairs so yeah and I just wanted to
show you my room
and boy mommy told me to be on film and
right now it's this color why miss Freda
pseudo will be another color this color
and right now they're doing the guest
room and then they're going on Kayode
room and then going on
Haley's room in mine and the best fit
for last the best is the worst semester
the words Hey yeah the best is worse no
the last is the worst and the camera
looks weird again Haley no no no can I
can I go
today while we're at the house um
whatever way I just found something cute
little bit like a cool what she was
trying to say is that they're our
friends and you are by Sydney and no I
don't know hey it was a little we're
still up the house and we're playing tag
is her board
get in the closet you should keep
falling it's her pant legs I think it's
like you're slipping on your pants hey
how about we don't run how about we walk
now that better no don't put your socks
on you'll still fall is that better
I think we need to get a lamp in here
what do you guys think it's dark
okay wait timeout cut a brick fireplace
no we are not running that way run away
from it I like how she counts cheaters
we your home and it's been a long day
it's always also been a long day from
yesterday and I was teach I guess they
didn't show you my nails so yeah they
i/o and because we are at the house
painting all day we have gotten my me on
video from my first to meet that I think
Joey metals and my ribbon we have me
guiding it up so it will be pushed it on
acro ears very soon
okay sure put him up first never five
you were the first four five now you do
the first four and then then go to
Turkey this time I know it's all because
my fuck
better luck next time hey so these are
level two
what happens when you dip a seven we're
gonna get hangers good idea doesn't have
a hanger for each letter hmm there's a
ninja in your room for that we're not
signing up for this this is silliness
do not enter this room if you do make
sure the sign says yes and please write
your name on my list down below love
Annie who's been in your room Haley from
7:30 to 8:00 oh five whoa
Caleb from 750 to 800 ten a totem Eytan
Haley and I wrote the Haley Boyd I think
she wrote this one yes yes she did ten a
plaque to Kenton all right before you go
to bed you need to go check on your
guinea pigs they need food water and hey
hey piggies that's just silliness
tomorrow I think we got you painting
your room no parties then I'll do a lot
just scared home ah ok so right now
we're not gonna do the question of the
day because we're just gonna take a
little break we did so much see ya
tomorrow
and I would say the routine lights don't
forget to comment down below am I making
this too complicated
see you tomorrow
