good morning
hey she forgot that we've logged hey mom
I'm driving down the road no Mike oh my
god here's me I was like we haven't
found anything today for sometimes I
forget we vlog I don't know how I forget
how I forget that but you know so good
morning we Haley
we have me we have her oh you're so
happy that we have an inside joke I know
yeah like I have a friend over and we
have like an inside joke she's like only
want to know what it is she's like I
went inside long the time when you
explain an inside joke it's really not
nothing y'all probably was fine yeah
um-hmm we're going to doc can I say that
we're filming a special project yeah why
did you say if we're going to the mall I
know we're filming something don't be on
this little I think I think I'm lucky
she says but it's only gonna be at
lunchtime and then I don't know what
yeah and then I want to go down to the
pool and tan cuz I got some new bathing
suits and come on la please be warm
Oh beautiful day right now but we had
jack-in-the-box and I got the sausage
croissant and it was so good it's so
much better
maybe I should not say that don't say
who is better than another people
company that she's not gonna say that
would be mean you guys might like that
other people and who are we to say that
I'm good yeah um dan will tell you who
we like you got really close to this car
good morning kiss good morning mister
Mercedes how's your day going so I
wonder when they're going remember we
had these conversations all right of
gymnastics Annie would be like wounded
with that person's to it full of their
lights enough I'd like everybody yes
look what is that blue thing you grab it
yeah is it on the camera
oh come on come back
oh oh that's a my hi welcome to the
green room there was some little goodies
sitting here Oh does this just a
reusable coffee cup pop sockets yeah but
it's yeah yeah it's like crafts er not
craft service was that's called swag
back that's what I mean wrapped how was
it wrapped just kidding first it's up to
you guys I gotta go clean up their
school stuff okay we're all packed up
and we're gonna show you one hint that
was used it two hints it stupid simmer
yeah you can show the prop that you guys
used in the video and then they yeah we
can show what it is but we were two
three when you see this video in
Hailey's channel you'll know what we're
talking about these were a prop this was
a prop used it's a show that's coming
out soon on something that you guys
probably already
oh you guys this is the cool thing the
cool thing is is where we just filmed
today was the same place that she filmed
I am opening the door where we filmed
photograph this is it we were in the oh
come on beat you do you want to get beat
today or tomorrow I was opening the door
and vlogging okay geez Louise what's up
everyone
I have so much makeup on my face and I
did not mean to so I'm gonna take that
off just so you guys know so we decided
we decided that we're going to be
playing different back so let's do it
I'm I'll answered Haley answers mommy
answers dog or cat dog mommy
hold on I'm like driving and I think I
can come down here now it's not close
okay what Netflix are YouTube Netflix
okay we'll do a town mommy sorry don't
call her text phone text text we toast
your eggs
eggs toast cardio or weights weights
weights facebook or twitter twitter
twitter facebook ice cream color snow
cone snow cone ice cream cone mobile
games or console games mobile games we
can't turn here what the heck she likes
mobile um iOS or Android iOS iOS pop or
indie pop cake or pie neither ok
swimming or sunbathing bo its but more
sunbathing swimming or and I don't
attaining money
Centanni I have a sneeze and it won't
come out
big party or small gathering small
gathering small gathering I'm a football
or basketball football asking or we play
we playing bath you know I'm saying
watching I'd rather watch football on TV
that watch basketball in person yeah I
think well I've never gosh what's worse
laundry or dishes I say dishes because I
like looking at my clothes jogging your
hiking hiking hiking thank you bath a
shower shower shower sneakers are saying
don't snicker in sandals glasses or
contacts I've never had contacts that I
really wanted this color - eye contact
Oh eyes want to try I don't want them to
like help with the vision or anything
we're like talking for the look I just
want like yeah I suppose it hamburger or
taco it really depends on my mood today
I spent I'm sorry mommy says taco
hamburger um receive an email or letter
a mail letter all letters kind of
passenger or driver I've been really I
wanted to I want to drive so bad I'm oh
my God my mom's everywhere like teaching
me the rules of the road and stuff and
I'm like can't I just like steer the car
direction on driver ya know there be the
possum but I can play on my phone tablet
or computer computer we are computer
most important okay car or truck
car car like I should be the host
exactly truck hey it goes blue or red
blue I like red blue amusement park or
day at the beach
Oh Dan I really can't decide how to go
take me you've got all these small dogs
they do plenty like anyways um I really
have no clue it really depends on my
mood like I feel like if I'm going to
the beach look like one friend I'd
rather go to like I mean if I'm going to
go somewhere with one friend I'd rather
go into the beach but if it's like five
or just me I think I'd rather go to an
amusement park so I rather go to the
beach because like I feel like the beach
is really like relaxing I don't want to
like deal with people there's like one
friend that I kept going back no you're
coming with me to help me in the trash
no I'm not eating I didn't
I'm gonna race them
you might chase the car back so we - oh
my gosh oh my gosh okay Hayley is
sitting in the front
I don't ever let her do this so buckle
up and he's apparently gonna race us she
doesn't ever get us hit in the front
because it's not safe but we're in the
parking garage so I felt buckle up that
was pretty good right in front of the
car I have a blister my foot hurts
oh wait I forgot my phone in the car
I will see you guys later I think I'm
gonna go down at school cuz I got your
bathing suit what we are going to the
pool I'm getting town where are the
towels
where are the towel so I have this one
then I've got this and this and I ever
yellow one coming I think it's kind of
like this it's like a yellow she always
comes prepared well she comes with
prepared with tight goggles hold that
hold in it did your head get bigger yeah
have you worn these lately no they were
tight when I warned them but you will
try that I can always tighten when
they're on you all right we got the
Tanner and we got the swimmer here
other time good oh no then I might have
tighten them too much
ready how's it feel though
me to psych
I love that she can swim now you guys I
say that a lot but do you realize go
back a couple of years and watch our
videos and realize that she was
terrified of the water smile with a
snapchat or an Instagram story snapchat
seeing it live she's got a good forward
roll now without a visit technically
it's not a forward roll in the pool
front flip front flip
sorry I just got my skills wrong okay
I'm a little freaked out right now I'm
thinking that this chair is wet and I'm
getting me all like it's seeping through
cool she says thanks okay
find that snails dead well give me a big
what Oh Annie
we found them Oh gross so it's scared of
you that's much yeah cuz you're poking
it no I don't know I'm just feel like
they would drown and done at the pool
she's flying out of here in your Maui
back from sushi and we are blurry all
day actually you guys we've been back
for about 20 minutes look and Haley did
her own makeup
what helsing wait guess what yes what
what hi
you know you're not supposed to look
into this you're supposed to like what
okay tomorrow we have another meet and
then we're going on set for can I say
yeah second triple girls
yeah but in the meantime we wanted to
watch and the more movies before we go
to bed we have popcorn yes we have a
couple hours before it's time to get
ready for bed so that's what we're gonna
do we're gonna search for me yeah that's
what we're doing but this is just this
happen to you guys like you go on
Netflix or yeah and you like spend 30
minutes just trying to decide on a movie
together and then by the time like
you're like I give up so we're gonna try
to the side on a movie yesterday we
actually figured out one pretty sweet
wash it was so funny we should watch
this cute one what do we watch I can't
remember her waiters cop rope ball paul
Blart
we decided on that one it only took us
like 8 1 10 minutes so yeah so we're
gonna try that again and we'll give you
an update maybe after the movie or if we
don't even if we don't even figure one
out
transition this we didn't remember wait
we didn't remember we had a refill
all right we got the poppin corn poppin
right oh goodness
last time we burned it a little bit so
we're gonna just stand here
it wasn't like terribly burned but you
could definitely smell it if you know
that you don't know the trick kids don't
fix popcorn by yourself at home but the
trick is as soon as you hear it slow
down you go really pay attention when
the Pops slow down like they're speeding
up right now but when they slow down you
need to count one two three and if they
go pop you gotta stop it a million times
I get it I get it now I believe you did
that make up all by yourself
like completely I know we're in trouble
with her she's gonna be begging to wear
it out way before and II beg to wear it
out you're not wearing it out that's
very good my eyelash the eyelashes are
really long okay we pay attention huh
one only if we're gonna do it I think
we'll just stop there I think we got it
pretty good
Wow that was pretty good that was pretty
good it was slowing down and I mean how
to do it without burning yourself with
the steam you go across no no yep pull
those - watch out steam in your face
hold it away from you Oh thought you
were a master well look at that be that
yes see that people that's what you do
no matter do it down yeah there's a
camera
say hi Mulder Wow
do you guys want a bowl yes we do we're
not so good to not have a pan what did
you use last time I'm a big bowl or did
you guys we had like a little like dang
this'll work these little containers
okay well this is what you do porn yeah
so it is time for the question of the
day and what is it a sneeze you said
that all day no - okay what's the last
movie you watch that made you cry ooh no
I can't think of one um the last song
that was a long time ago but it made me
guys I know what the emoji movie why did
that make you cry no he couldn't make
them miss me you sounds like all poor
guy just is all you like sobbing he like
he like ruined the whole entire thing
because like he couldn't make the right
face he was a fake bad don't forget the
question
she just wants to look at her makeup huh
that's not what you're thinking
Oh what's the lot what's the last movie
that made you cry guys to celebrate
thanks for watching Vitaly
