Monday morning Monday morning stretching
any any there she Oh what are you doing
secrets Oh
we dropped candy it's Monday morning
school the first day they hadn't done
school since we started was last Friday
because they were we were filming some
videos so I lost my train of thought
because I'm sitting here narrating and
trying to figure out what you guys are
doing over there anyways it's Monday
morning we're well into our school day
Annie today is this is really exciting
you guys today Annie is going because
she may or may not perform fly the cover
she did at the program at the concert
because she was a little nervous to sing
it cuz it's kind of hard and she hasn't
rehearsed it but we're going in today
with David who's the one that produced
it and we're going to see if she's gonna
kind of rehearse it a little bit and see
because she's never sang a solo song at
a performance on stage so no you've
never been on stage by yourself for that
so except for the very first couple
verses of little do you know so we're
meeting with David today to do that
we're also there is an original finish
there's a lot of information and so
today to see if we can move forward
we're going to see we're going to see
how that has its completed like they've
written it and it's all good so it's one
more steps we're also going to work on
it's like hard to say some of the stuff
cuz like what if it doesn't happen we
don't want you guys to be mad or
disappointed but we're a step closer to
some originals but things can always
happen and it's just exciting
I have toothpaste on my lip well that
does is proof that I brushed my teeth
and please you guys do what this paper
says and I'm just gonna read a bride
subscribe right now click that
just go this is what I like to think
about like we used to think about this a
lot what if this is someone's first
video that they've ever seen of us it's
just real life Haley's going to
entertain us let's tell them this if
it's your first video this is Annie
this is hailey Hailey's 9 Annie says
she's cooler than hailey and he's 12 we
are out here in LA getting some stuff
done we don't live in LA this is our LA
apartment we live on the other side of
the United States and we miss our dogs
and we miss our house but we're having
fun out here getting some stuff done
okay that's the update this is a cool
view yeah so right now before we leave
for Annie's singing stuff a mini binder
a mini binder yes you know what this do
you know she's talking weird so we are
organizing the scrip binders we've got
four episodes of scripts so we're going
I got highlighters so weird oh your
backpack she found it back packing up
she wants those are so cute
so we're highlighting we're putting them
in little sleep brook kind of taught us
this technique and then everything's in
here so no matter what order they film
in this no only because it's not really
filled out right so that's what we're
doing right now we have about thirty
minutes before we have to leave I think
Hayley and daddy are just going to stay
and hang out we won't be going on
horribly horribly long and then I don't
know what we're gonna do tonight got to
make some plans
yeah but not till later we get paid back
stay tuned did you guys miss paint we
did life's not as crazy without our
Paigey oh I just rhymed it's always a
battle of what I thought the color so
what they're gonna do is they're gonna
highlight their lines and then they slip
them down into the sleeves and then it's
easy for them to flip their we'll show
you hopefully when it's done although I
don't know if you're gonna be done but
it's that we have to leave in like 20
minutes so any so you can just bounce
your phone like a basketball
oh wait this is a survey time who's
brushed their teeth today really yeah
I don't believe Haley has have you you
did you freshen up before after
breakfast I know the way she's acting
all right
Haley's brushing her teeth again just in
case it's okay to brush them more than
twice a week um excuse me
go pick that up don't throw it at your
mother and put it in the trash the
microphone the size but she was gonna
come in here and do some doggy voice
overs that we perfect I bet you they do
though they got a record a dog barking I
bet you they use a microphone yeah she
really all right all right get to work
see what we can do will she perform it
stay tuned gotta make a decision tonight
don't touch anything no don't press any
of his buttons
no that reminds me of an airplane like
the cockpit of an airplane like I feel
like I could fly a plane with those
controls yes I mean he adjusts them but
I mean if you would if you wouldn't turn
like everything he'd like it would not
be good I'm fairy wood yeah yeah with
his new ish like the first maybe two
times we came here that he had just
redone all this and there wasn't or done
it I don't even know what to redo they
might have just moved in here but anyway
so yeah it's got some major amazing
equipment in here and now we have a
couch that I can sit on so right now we
are stuck in traffic
yay
so we are going to a hip hop class hip
hop hip hop it's a beginner class Jaden
decide huh she would take a big class or
with you guys not me I'm not taking one
I'm the vlogger I'm the cameraman camera
woman but tell him the bad news bad news
is we're stuck in traffic
oh I mean hey chef if they're allowed so
I don't know if we're gonna make it
we're supposed to be there at 6:00 and
it's saying 611 611 is absolutely the
soonest we could leave though cuz Danny
and I rushed Oh bro ten minutes early
yeah we got the traffic was not great
they change really fast than we left
like we couldn't have made it any sooner
but if we don't make it to the hip-hop
class we'll just find something to do
with Jayden go to dinner or something
how are we not gonna make it
well trap it we're out of traffic for
now that's good
because we were in traffic the last 20
minutes okay
yeah I hope it dies
I hope like I'm hoping English out to
five hailey really wants to go to this
class because I love hip-hop and I think
I like it is about 621 and we were
supposed to get here about five
something Wow sick oh well it's not that
bad we're so gonna LA Elena's traffic
and I'm not gonna blame us because it
has traffic I feel like these doors
these doors are lifesavers
Annie doesn't want to do it come on
what can I Drive you with Haley's gonna
do
so after hip-hop class we come in but
this place smells delicious we've never
tried it but it's taking forever so
Haley's having a little bit of them any
like 9 year old child moment although I
don't know it's really a nine year old
child
moment it might be more of a three year
old saying when's my food gonna be here
but it's like a noodles and then you
pick your meat and they've done some
shopping and now they're just doing some
talking and I want to know what they're
talking about
oh they're talking about Instagram post
like themes yeah yeah we're deciding
themes are very important oh yeah I mean
gotta get back to me so I think I got
one more store to go to after we eat we
just needed some food but after all that
dancing and shopping yep we're gonna go
to forever forever 21
cuz we're all 21 we all just want to be
21 forever what we're hanging out we're
having a good night Oh or maybe
oh my battery light is blinking again
alright we're working against it almost
dead battery no pressure all the way oh
they just made that song 2 hours and 15
minutes of working out it's like maybe
we're not working over that long but
we'll hang out with that long alright I
know
all right I'll miss you more ma this is
adorable because the girls are showing
them all him all the clothes and he's
trying to you don't know what MTV has a
new bought an MTV shirt he's literally
overwhelmed by the girls wanting to show
I got her at NASA jacket is that not
adorable alright so the girls are having
fun showing daddy so I'm gonna get a
fresh battery and we'll be back when
Paige walks on the door yeah we got some
shirts that we don't know I don't like
but it says that it says babe on it
y'all it's hard to have kids growing up
you don't know what's right or wrong
sometimes I make my decision after she's
worn at once and I'm like you know what
never mind
Babe Ruth yes all right now we've
cleaned up Paige to be here any minute
we are unloading the dishwasher and just
we put it in the laundry room eraser
slime what is not tonight
the flying stuff is in the laundry room
what's like ear piercing ah you're not
crying I'm gonna punch you guys
congratulations Paige I know noise
complaints screaming and stopping I mean
obviously I want it yet and I feel like
I'm that Andy was watching it in the car
and I was driving so I was listening I
heard Jaden they learned a little bit
hotter cones you woulda loved it
okay yeah yes all right guys we're happy
to have Paige back she was gone too long
these it's late these girls are gonna
get to bed because tomorrow's rehearsals
and school all right guys good night see
you tomorrow comment your favorite
season kind of see it is what y'all come
sit on the bed ahead here's your water
y'all go outside you can put it out you
can put it back you'll find out when you
read this scroll I leave like give me
math yours has an H okay let's read it
first you can just slide it off read
their difference there read it out loud
roses are red violets are blue I'm
getting married and I need you will you
love me if I have to pee come to my aid
hold up my dress and be my bride oh yes
hope I make it to the bathroom yeah
that's what y'all get to wear on the day
and y'all get these initial so beautiful
open ears hey you get to have those
pictures here - y'all get to have them
and it's got little flowers oh my gosh
it's so cheerful cuz you're a flower
girl
so stinking cute look at this uh what
are you all saying yes
always remember to celebrate life thanks
for watching Vitaliy
