good morning good morning and she would
be on her phone - if hers wasn't dead
I've got a jacket do you guys I was just
out there is pretty warm we're about to
go to breakfast so we're all just kind
of waking up we're gonna drive the
Polaris down to their breakfast spot
like the little thing you drove yeah
buzzing your hair that's what happens
when you get out of bed in the morning
and we like we're gonna not even get
ready for the day we rolled out of bed
we ended up staying here last night
because we had this is where we got
picked up so we had to come back here
and then we didn't want to drive home oh
yeah you fell asleep on the couch so
then they all ended upstairs in bed with
when you found us so we're gonna go have
breakfast and then after Annie's got
Annie and Brooker rehearsing er yeah -
today so this afternoon's we're gonna do
breakfast drive rehearsing for the rock
your hair concert their song and Tuesday
your review were rehearsing for hosting
you and rush are it's getting close it's
less than a week out so you're not
rehearsing because you don't have
anything burners for but yeah stay tuned
to a Sunday Funday
we're in the backseat I've never done
not good
you do this every day
yeah
Oh
going here
we got the dick and go don't tell what
it is but we got this threat we got
screwed for episode 1 / 4 so Andy's
reading them right now
I don't know but we've got one through
four right now I don't know how many
episodes there's gonna be stay tuned
alright they're all squeezed in this
cute little boom it's too early I know
rush my kids feel the same way when I
drink
what's a boba I have but flavors
flavored vanilla I want to know what it
is before I know what out Haley's
driving the Polaris and watching TV
while she doesn't that's illegal
that's why we don't let you drive all
right we're leaving we're going to the
apartment and getting ready breakfast
was delicious forgot to get ready for
the day though now and now and then like
Annie and Brooke are rehearsing and
stuff he noticed that you stole his
phone did you take it from the
restaurant no he it fell on my foot
while we were drive oh but he knew you
had it Annie rescued daddy's phone yeah
we it's we got all the stuff out of your
pods our stuff that we needed they were
storing stuff for us so look at it could
you miss all that stuff yeah it's like
it's like a treasure hunt
it's like Christmas I'm either Fame
no we did not go on a shopping spree to
target this was all the stuff that was
at Nicole's house Haley's in my room
watching videos and Annie wants to go up
in the LOB to build a floor the
surpriser before the music lesson
I'm
okay good luck
did you see you
Hey nothing just getting some blog blog
blog blog cantar you doing in my bed
no nothing oh I know getting tickled
what do you want to learn you have nerds
in my bed no and I didn't spill them oh
my gosh your bunny so so how you done
good okay just wanted to see your pretty
face
cluster of nerds just like my family
just a cluster of nerds
how do you know daddy
wait where is the fort in the closet
what is that wait is that safe yeah what
is this place no way so just so you guys
know stay off the doctor are you sure
this is safe Billy the ducting and safe
what is it it's sort of thing to do the
back door
that metal stump that so that they can
access this metal stuff if they need to
this is amazing
this is did you know this was here Annie
well you saw my house do you say Haley
what okay you're the forces shot what if
it closed shut CC you'd have to force it
shot but now they're locked in right but
you'd have to force it shut I got this
one to do that one
Mowen sure but it won't show they won't
shut it
wait what's up this kid there you go you
push these push both of those yeah
that's so cool
brenton the chicken girl script this is
episode 1 coming out and we read over it
and Haley's pretty early on and the
script sometimes when I film up here
with nobody I'd like I'm talking to
myself oh yeah right that's the cool
angle oh she didn't eat breakfast
interesting it's weird she didn't eat
and now she's hungry alright so we're in
the studio recording for the performance
track headphones there are some back
here and I'm gonna back away and let her
do her thing
good luck girls sing and record the
performance track this stretching
machine or something is happening to do
that it's a little me that makes them
giggle you try it
how'd it go
good any starving still how'd it go your
food right down there yeah I'm sure it
hurt and then okay we're gonna do the
whole song we wanted them to perform it
right live here you go I got you a
quesadilla you're welcome
and they're sour cream down here just
don't get the car messy please and thank
you alright so we're heading home
we're tired okay bye bye I got a drive
I'm ready to go you rewind it does it
rewind it or you uh pre wounded
Yuri well not rewinded rewound or rewind
and rewound
DeWine did okay you know I paused it so
we so we could vlog II blog Watkins so
Annie
talked to her little sister into making
popcorn we're watching Netflix and
Haley's aunt nope your name is Annie
 and he's falling off the couch what
is going on over there maybe you should
have helped her you got this a little
Bob where's the popcorn oh I know
come here Don and then I actually have
to get up well when you say mommy can
you please come over here and help me
okay let me hear it
no she figured oh my goodness the
popcorn remove yeah we got it hey I hope
she's doing those right can you have her
mind button there's a different mind
button can you go and make sure that do
not blow okay
oops i sat on the remote you have to
close the microwave before that might
help she did it how how did you come up
with two minutes is that what I said we
just want to make sure that the house
does not slow no I haven't started
popping but how long did say to start up
for Wow okay so we did for two minutes
on the clock
we're a minute in so while we're popping
this corn
alright question of the day what's your
favorite dance move well I want to see
him because I don't even know what that
was this fufu fancy I think it's done
okay Jesus
I know really okay they have school
tomorrow they put the weekend off
weekend off of school alright guys we're
going to play play the show and then
they're going to get ready for bed and
we're gonna call it night so video ends
today's today's video there will be
another one tomorrow
all right guys comment down below your
favorite dance move always remember to
celebrate life
based on baby
thanks for watching
Vitaliy
