today on port 80 so it's time never
question of the day put your weary soul
to rest yeah I will try to do my best to
keep you safe inside this nest
to earth
I'd like to say
it's more cloudy
every day
but some reason come after the stormy
loud
hey everybody I'm not in school today
cuz I had an ear hake you're eight so
I'm gonna have I'm gonna go to the
doctors I'm not in school I'm staying
home and right now I'm one of one of my
friends um the other day their house got
burned down so I'm gonna try to help him
and I'm gonna try to give him some of
muscle applies and toys and iron I
already got the little stuff into the
envelope I'm a tuck to take the nail
polish out and then just put it in that
basket
so yeah they even broke a little hard
I'm so sorry what happened but to cheer
you up
I would like to give you some supplies I
hope this cheers you up love Annie and
then I do this little um love heart
thing so I'm gonna put this back in I'm
gonna dump everything out hold on you
put this back in my note I'm gonna try
to do everything because I guess that
was on too much going down boom I guess
I was too much so yeah I did awful up
and now I'm gonna put like on some
squeeze spring keys in here like got her
five and then I'm gonna put um listen
it's on the tattoo of a gymnast and a
star so let's try this and yes five
Scrooge's can do all the best
it was so much trouble when all I have
to do is petition
listen my pleasure
and then I might um decorate the
envelope playing sorry
what happened and and flap that box I'm
gonna give her a boo-boo Yas because her
I could know her they worshiped animals
as sees and I'm gonna give her her : but
so she has something to do so I'm gonna
put all my supplies in that basket and
then my mom's gonna take it to her I
feel so bad
it's gonna be okay flat hunter oh you go
Riley look right now hunter mommy in the
doctors room and in that hundred each
and that you isn't really hurting right
now just budget doesn't mean that's good
- yes you're still going to gymnastics
yep okay right yeah for your next it
you'll fight through it
oh just popped again should we get that
hunters arm looked at from where Charlie
goodham Charlie this you don't remember
your introducing it yeah it's right here
you can see the teeth line
we're sorry real hunter that we let
hunter get bit by a guinea pig and get
shit yeah he's a little rip - just from
carrying around all the places we've
been
okay so we're done with the doctor and
mashanda eye on an ear infection and um
it took a long time to wait to get our
medicine a long time more than an hour
yeah
so we're on our way home and um I really
was a little grumpy the balance because
you had to go to the bathroom and now
she's in a good mood onion filmer hey
anyways
tonight I'm going to have one of my
gymnastics friends sleep over and then
after that I'm going to select a
sleepover you know how so it's a
sleepover day oh how yes a friend from
gymnastics coming to our house okay I
got video for that day hey you're always
at the house ah you don't have school I
don't even have school on Saturdays I
don't unders every now oh my gosh
tonight gosh so hard to teach
okay I think you are the reason this
family so crazy yeah unit remember the
question of the day yeah do you remember
the question today Elizabeth what's your
favorite thing to do at a sleepover
ding ding she's the winner Olympic wins
over mine I couldn't hear you what - a
pillow fight okay you have a favorite
thing to do a sleepover hmm all right
hey we lost your pillow my goodness I
think someone should have answered sit
quietly and read their favorite they did
not go off on us
I mean fellow might look into me at
sleepovers Haley what's your favorite
thing to do in sleepover I figured as
much
alright I'm gonna go find out what
Caleb's favorite thing to do sit in what
way did she sit and write and shoot
daddy where they go coming from all
right there Green me cuz he shot daddy
ah what II don't have a weapon
here's some ammo what yeah
Wow
Kayla don't step on me I'm dead
oh okay
I just got stepped on your baking Oh God
why are you doing he's alright I'm alive
Wow what'd you do don't think it worked
you got your gun right now I'm gonna
show um Lizzy that's when I call back
baby baby
ah
