today Albert Ayler let me sit down on
this nice and comfy bench your weary
soul to rest yeah I will try to do my
best to keep you safe inside this
to gravity
and by two
it's more clear when it's more cloudy
but summers gonna cover the stormy cloud
I went to dance but not with mommy and
daddy I want to dance with one of my
friends they drove me and I just came
back from their house and that's why we
didn't really film that much today
and so that's why you can see it started
and we haven't filled and today our
cousin sent us Flat Stanley which that
will be on our it on our open of view of
our videos sorry I cannot talk to that
and so at home we're gonna open the
letter kind of like doing mail but it's
ever opening a letter with Flat Stanley
in it we're gonna check it out have you
guys ever gotten to Flat Stanley to
visit you because we got some but we
never got to do want like send one of
ours
so hey we got a new guest in our family
so it's really dark in the car and I'm
pretty sure you guys can't see me that
well so I'll see you at home
but I'm so glad we're home because I
haven't been homes and on this born
because I came out early because mommy
and daddy has Amina do so this is my
first time being home and I was starving
okay so we got our mail nails meal and
brownies and here and so we're about to
open it and I'm excited man pulling him
out you're in taking care of him it's
all of ours
oh sorry open to new that keep weird
okay you get it out I'll get fixed today
that was so hard
Samuel looks like you mean him so big
okay Oh got lots of reading okay dear
friends and family our classes and all
in a very fun and exciting oh you read
that my class is involved in a very fun
and exciting
g-girl geography rocket racing on the
flat family by Jeff Brown in the book
Stanley is flatly but not her Oh Maya
bulletin board one of thee I've managed
to be a flat was that his parents could
put him in an envelope and mail her to
his two friends in California in our
project we made paper flat selves flats
up cells okay okay yeah just kidding I
was are you sure I got it right and our
mailing them to friends and family
members you have been chosen to be a
very special part of our project Haley
I'm gonna let you see him but I want to
tell you a funny story last time we got
a flat stanley to come visit us Annie
broke the arm and we had today you did
but you were in pre-k I believe that
year so can you please be careful okay
don't rip him I think it was you as you
Haley was a baby
alright bad aren't I gonna be doing you
good like Andy Haley liking it delete
that would do we hope that you will
treat flat hunter like a guest a
daughter is on top say that
take her with you with you for about a
week if possible take pictures of him
her wherever
he/she may go with you the nail him/her
and all of his perfections souvenirs and
a letter about his visit back to our
class we hope that you will help us with
the project by hosting flat hunter
remember to keep him her before only
about a week and MailChimp or back to us
Thank You hunter so this isn't Flat
Stanley it's flat right Durer that is
yeah
Hayley it's not any different hey it's
still the same old flat Hunter it was
two minutes ago yeah don't get flat
hunter sick no more exert that homework
or that for fun can you do it on the
computer
yeah okay boys why are you yelling let's
sit down yourself come win what is that
hey that's it stuff we got for you guys
are you talking to me yeah open
I like opening stuff it's fun I kept
this little bit aside secret
down down yes sir I open what's it say
this is Caleb rain get you a nanny
I gotta beat you guys I'm so fast to
putting clothes on supposing let me see
yours Haley here no fair oh look guys
hello you look great no I win I bet I
was boss played more clothes on other
words if you want to order one of these
awesome tool
buddy advocate a listen go to Cafe Press
dot-com / Rhett awesome retailing
yes we're tailing them don't put the
awesome said we are awesome at that I am
up why more awesome dinner I am or you
can go on our YouTube channel and click
it's never quite hear that 1k listen
here this is all loud Oh what runners
got new clothes hi baby clothes hey
where are his arms his arms are flat so
right now it is time for the question of
the day the question of the day is you
don't like a little this is in the
closet of the day you know that we've
got mr. bishops and that we're gonna
River where I love the pool and one it's
one of our outfits now so I did a lousy
what is your favorite outfit mine is
this bratayley shirt with um these like
skinny jeans that are green and I'm
sparkly boots that go with it or um just
longer mine and these two shirts right
here and with a purple shorts in here my
red dress and the coloring the colorful
one which one is that
wait but I got a question - imagine um
where did you get these we got those
from Cafe Press calm / Batali
it's so steady Ward I'm looking yes okay
what is your favorite
yeah
