are you sure you know where you're going
we got off that force and pressed the
button okay we're going to - I pressed
it I pressed - but was not working okay
so we've got so much stuff from you they
were taking the doll
ok ok guys so we are going to the pool
this morning JJ we're so good ok now we
can't lose this okay so we're going to
the pool of the morning father's already
like two people here
that's great see anyway it's no one in
the water so that's good okay so all
memories you've been here I know we're
gonna have swim my dad's coming in down
in a second he was just eating so don't
worry about me down here by ourselves
for too long my 10 minutes Haley and I
have joined the club
Haley's taken her relaxation to the hot
tub because she thought the pool was too
closed you guys see her over there right
there and these two are choreographing
some sort of something cuz that's what
they do
man it sure takes you guys a long time
to get in the pool you gotta do all that
before gonna get in
lie to you in one to thing below this is
the a we show right now we are in the
pool and we have the dancing dolphins
with us the dancing doll and they're
noisy showing of performance like we do
every day
thank you I'm Haley
live TV everyone live TV no editing live
and now for their big finale okay
thank you so good
don't run though walk into the hot tub
awesome mirror selfies is that what it's
about
okay so we've swam we've worked out and
we ran into that and when I say we I
mean they not purple
we've showered when I say we I mean me
too I did do that and now we're eating
okay mmm cookies with no they're like
chopsticks I was about to put your
earrings in for tonight
they got a little sore on them her ears
are so sensitive so I had to like buy a
really expensive
oh you've dropped it's okay it's fine my
dog will get it right Annie
I gotta find earrings that don't you
know well it's just kind of they're good
for like a week and then they'll start
like getting infected but I've bought
all kinds of different ones and I really
what kind of you wear them none yeah
then then she's gonna lose them and then
I'm going to beat her and so we just buy
the best ones we can get and then when
they start bothering her we think Billy
Bob Billy Bob and Billy button that's
the plan
you don't care to get to sell before
your thing do you at 13 because I should
have discussed that with him first yeah
do you have ears pierced do you have
yours
I paused a little do long do you care
about let's discuss can she get her
second we'll discuss it later I won I'm
just kidding I'm just kidding I should
have discussed that with him first but I
don't think he'll get I said yes cuz I
didn't think he'd care well know if
daddy says no then it's a no what but
I'm admitting that I should have asked
daddy first oh yeah I did my best to
think that he wouldn't care if he does
care and I'm wrong then that's right
look I'm sorry if you would be bad but
you have two parents no you weren't two
weeks you were probably six months old
but now he was deployed and then in that
case I win but since he's not deployed I
actually have to have the discussion
with d'void what the hit was in the
military and he had to be sent out like
yeah we'll get yours double appears to
Cole comes through again with pretty
dress yeah but there's more but wait
there's more so this these might be
better for butter than one we gots you
got some trying on to do this is so
pretty
you're tired I think he's great color
we'll try them on to pink but the one
you picked his painting come show them
Annie that's what it's actually almost
too small this is yeah turn around this
is super tight okay what size is this
it's a double I think zeroes we'll try
it you're just gonna try everything on
though hmm
well you'll be on stage so we can go a
little bit so that you know we can see
her but I don't know you're usually
whatever your call
yeah I think we found the winning dress
she is sitting down so it's hard to see
and she's got leggings on
I like how we're just stealing Russia's
jacket everybody gets Russia's jacket
everything's a musical Michael is got
your hair pinned up it's so pretty
everybody is looking so good you're
about ready to go oh look
show your hair hair bye Michael
I love it jacket by rush Haley's got her
natural makeup going what do you do with
your hair I'm going to well Michael's
going to do your heavy is Michael ever
done your oh he did your hair for them
yeah go look there's pizza down there
I'll go with you are you going in the
hair yeah well Michaels in charge he'll
he wants to hear what you like and then
you guys can decide super sure he's so
pretty cool eating food what would you
look honey - yeah silly okay I won't
never do that I would do it's not this
look okay that was really pretty already
just fine let's let him do it and see
what happens okay jeez
Hayley want the ponytail what do you
think she's coming out with I think
she's coming out with a ponytail I think
Michaels gonna give her the ponytail
that she so desires I agree with him
though I just think that she's got those
beautiful curls up okay so there's pizza
and it's the most delicious foods that
were you looking for your phone I knew
that phone was there I just didn't know
you're looking for look how good you
guys
maybe there's a little bit of a skit
going on
maybe she'd try some new material you
want to sing the chick I brought your I
brought the paper oh you want that's the
verse though isn't it
it says chorus on there but you guys can
figure it out
just ask the producers oh that's not
baby it's pretty baby slightly some
touching up going on didn't eat the
pizza and we're doing final touches and
a boomerang cuz that's how the fish that
we are here one more you guys look so
you guys meet any that you did to get
out of queue no not that one you want
anything like a nice little Haley what's
your final look oh she's getting her
shoes on your hair and makeup done OMG
look at you guys over here what are we
talking about you guys look very snazzy
that's our big joke cuz every time
there's a bad picture Brooke I'm like
I'm gonna put it on my history that's
not good Haley are you just carrying
your shoes out I'm just making sure
everybody's ready that's my job Annie
Annie
are you completely ready shoes and
everything the dogs are ready Brookes
ready
the dogs get your shoes are by Brookes
feet right there and her dancin feet and
I think everybody's completely ready
rush are you ready yeah let's dial
everybody loves rush the jacket we're
all gonna be borrowing it we got a clip
for Annie's dressing I don't know what
it is that's right it's gonna be like
the family sharing jacket yes when I get
cold no it's coming I brought my own but
it's not as stylish as your you guys
look we have our own car fancy we have
had a separate Brooke and Annie because
I had have to tell them when we're
arriving and because Brooke and Annie
are resonating they have to be told when
they're all right beam that's a nice car
slam I thought it was yay I got stuck
with the two mothers mm-hmm see you got
the good car Annie
yay here we are guys this award show is
in a hangar at an airport
what does anybody notice it bombs like
there's no kids maybe it's just you guys
all right
we
hey Annie want that car right there
goodnight Great British yeah you're
looking right into the Sun the whole
time let's our next car Annie is going
to be seeing
damn
the kid table over here the kid table
I'm in I'm breaking things I met other
kids over there they split us up
so I'm trying to figure out who's the
cool table there's food in front of you
apples and salad is actually pretty good
try it this lighting is not good watch
that lighting is horrible the lighting
outside was better
time to go trying to go world you know
good luck this is a problem
are you sure like this is what Annie
does when she's nervous she just likes
to get things over with she's got to go
unsaved in a few minutes but she'd
rather have just been done right Mikey
Ridge was done
she also gets quiet and avoids questions
when she's nervous
all rush hey Raj
what he's hungry he wants some food
a little table I love all these people
at this table every single one of them
what are you doing with my little clutch
that I borrowed my school clutch that
looked like a happy face on Instagram
I borrowed a clutch from Nicole because
I don't have anything here in LA at the
apartment and it's as cute it's so neat
looking it's the skull but look from
here looks like a happy face it's not a
happy face look guys look
spaghetti oh no my battery light is
flashing and he gets like she's ready to
go it's dinner dinner but after dinner
they go on stage so they're being taken
back again Brooke got a final drink of
water they're about to go bye guys
good luck good luck Brooke I'll see you
on stage okay
I fixed the battery so hopefully
here we go these doing my wrists are
just breakout digital series chicken
girls
I used to be in employment a little
while ago so it's a thrill to me to
freshen up after these youthful YouTube
sensations we've had like over a hundred
million
like to chase down the street dance a
little bit
are you sorry
here's three shows me stronger
and the email or one for children's
television give those to look at rock we
had a long night we had a fun night the
three goobers on stage did amazing my
battery is blinking so fast right now we
got to come up with a quick question of
the day this is penny
the guy's Brooke and rush were so
exhausted that they've gone to bed
we're the party animals of the night we
do need to come up with a real question
of the day and then we're gonna go lay
down on the couch we're gonna oh yeah
big talker small dog we're gonna go lay
down on the couch and watch a movie and
be done I am so proud of everybody here
this is a great night especially the
three that were on that stage in front
of everybody
big dog over small dog big dog big dog
over small dog but your answer before
the battery dies always remember to
celebrate life
based on data
baby
thanks for watching
Vitaly
