today I'll mortality what you weary soul
to rest yeah I will try to do my best to
keep you safe inside this nest and keep
the gravity from pulling you to earth
I'd like to
it's more clear when it's more cloudy
but summers gonna cover the stormy
clouds
oh you found it
where'd you find it a Leanback te show
me that was it if I looked and looked
and looked and he it was in there time
we never looked in there do you remember
putting it in there
yes you put it in there and then forgot
it was a long time I play the game and I
think I lost it we win the car and we
didn't banker bang on - you know you
were crying because you couldn't find
her what's her name
do you know her name Aladin
well what da Lachey do you remember
Annie yours is Frankie Stein who's that
you don't know maybe papa
yeah was her name pop on out her name
for maybe nonny knows I bet nanny's the
one that picked her out well you guys
how to make it a guy coming down low
where holiness she has skates
she has knee pads that have still
attends on she has these which I want
what are they
Vinnie's Oh fishnet yeah fishnet sleeps
and she has a bracelet and she has blue
hair comment down below if you know her
name as you don't explain but Hayley
forgot to comment down below
he's that good Julie what is her name
yeah she's got glasses and skates what's
her name Hayley Hayley like me huh huh
you want to name her and tell you we
find out what her real name is like
Annie's dolls Frankie Stein right yeah
wonder what Monster High doll that is
you found it where was she she was in
the crayon cabinet Haley must have put
her in there and forgotten who are you
happy what are you doing Jeffrey what's
wrong with your swing why not
what are you rolling your eyes at me I
don't let's go back Haley Caleb why are
you hitting a basketball I'm stronger
and this is so hard
then if I'm gonna sign all my bad foot
my bat will ricochet if you're on your
back foot
yeah so if I'm like this you go such as
a hitting drill yes no walks around
about foot hurt so you so if you
transfer your fate foot every year if
you transfer your weight to your front
foot then it doesn't do that let me see
you do it right and that doesn't hurt so
we're teaching you with pain you do it
wrong and you are inflicted with pain
yeah and if you do it right no pain that
said some great parenting parenting 101
teach your child by a correct form by
inflicting pain on them when they do it
wrong
got it master
did you fall back to the hurt
right let me see the pain are you
stepping on Seth to hurt ya acorns
no dad not a what is it can we scoot
back so we don't get hit with a bat that
would hurt worse than stepping on an
acorn yeah okay he's not an acorn but do
you want to get hit with a bat no hi
alright let me stand back here and see
how cool it is you say Oh poo
this is it hard but heavier yeah he
really said Oh poo did it hurt him you
want to try it you want try to hit the
basketball you know what I can't do
basketball okay cuz I will hit my face
like like Winky then under though
serenity said you'd hit your face on the
phone what's he doing to my cat your cat
he's messing with my cat yeah he's so
wild and vicious hey pretty kitty yep
yes you're almost bigger than your
brother don't look he's beautiful I can
look at him like that what do you have a
thing quit calling things things a good
there we go
it's a boo boo day
and it's a beautiful day in the sky
watch I bet I know what your high will
be for today
can you guess what made you happy today
yeah your thing what is it it's not a
thing it's a manta height yeah you got
to describe what it is good going down
on where yeah the swing mm-hmm we're
gonna go swing we happy days like that
Maggie and Annie have a bootable one in
don't you what what do you mean he's
gonna kill you
you're throwing to him now hey Haley
come behind me dog daddy's hurt and
there goes the ball did you duck all
right we'll take a break from that mr.
bunny girls room cheese ball
I'm not oh there was it he whined and
whined and whined about that tennis ball
the other day when he cuz you're a whiny
head whiner
she looks beautiful
I'm doing good
jeez come on Tiger inside yeah he's
behold on hot yeah but don't watch it on
good she has a good thing she has
sunglasses on yeah so now she Oh Haley
disappeared
go whoa don't my mom at home delay mama
home then my mom is at home and I went
to hell where to Mathis right Annie
so we got you the question of the day
fletchinder
can you sing the song ah what you were
gonna think I am a baked potato
how'd it go through the question of the
day song but sing I'm a baked potato
song go you they you're a baked potato
yeah just seeing that hey where'd you
get em today
b√ºndchen lose the bed where's her name
nope Haley wants to know what the doll's
name is cuz she forget forgot what's
Annie's doll's name do you remember yeah
Frankie Stein thank you but we forgot
her name right
what is the rollerskating Monster High
doll name you know I know we're asking
right is the Monster High
RIT Warlow gate Calum Sallee and an
easily the line judge you're in charge
of what I do oh the video Oh No help us
all what are you doing in my room
Hey play play yes yeah mmm watch will
brick chicken to a bridge yeah what
panky with pancake hands like this I
guess there's a bridge just like you
this mom like this yeah that's a pancake
hands in dish it'll keep
and I'm holding her hair cut cuz a kid
who doesn't wanna ball up oh good you're
spotting her Hey
okay now it's time to go to bed della I
will run bad bout a lot of times you're
gonna go to bed and a lot of times does
that mean a long time you're going to
bed
Oh what way keep on breaking break his
heart
No Oh Frankie Stein daddy knew what
you're saying yeah this one's not
Frankie Stein Hey oh yeah you're acting
just like Danny are just like Caleb I
guess we bang every single baked potato
