today Albert a weary soul to rest
yeah I will try to do my best to keep
you safe inside
gravity
to earth
I'd like to say
it's more clearing it's more cloudy
everything but summer's gonna go burn
the stormy cloud
you like little color or yeah the color
orange
look at my tunnel rainbow oh you add a
little bit of pink to your rainbow you
stay with an orange theme today ya know
what when pink and orange that's great
and a little wet wait you know lovely
yep okay but here's the true test think
you're gonna get it
what is our say oh oh give me five
mrs. your name right I see it and you're
our hero mm-hmm which one didn't you
circle I did it what is that is it
catching but why didn't you Circle it
okay it doesn't daddy's it doesn't start
with a what
Oh R & R says oh that's right so you
can't Circle it do my puppy what my
puppy my puppy
this would talk to you I hope hands
apart talk to me
yeah really talk he can really turn that
body hey guys no one hands on these
bodies um here he'll but he didn't have
a tail like this she doesn't know a tail
is back
holy stop what the hell oh yeah no well
the Neyman I think I do
bubbles I count old dad for once - Joe
hole uncle college
well got a new car would you burn the
door I can't hold it it's a pink one a
college
yeah I mean a collar
what yeah I thought your favorite color
was purple
I had to banner colors all right my baby
color white yeah
can we see your outfit for today oh yeah
it's please scoot back so I can see the
whole thing brown boots black leggings
white skirt with colorful polka dots a
cute shirt with some flowers on it
yeah what a poor person a dog and ocean
what do you have in there bracelet but
you I got for you you bought me a
bracelet yeah to put it simply thicket
you will like this one wow it's
beautiful
oh okay one broke yeah my bracelets
broken yeah you can real like this good
hole like this well I want to be cool
you lost them no thanks
and I got your and it's Willie we hear
there's a god oh I get scared of the
dark you have something for ya it's this
it's Kyle and I gave you that kid and
you're not scared of the dark
is booming get your hand move enough
born yeah I love music so if you don't
listen to music you're gonna dance
without music you love to dance yeah and
I can't win this morning is there music
just you just don't like that music I
love this movie when it's not doc I love
it when it's Moody
okay now we need to do your hair what do
would you like me to do to your hair
today um I like you to do a pretty blank
a pretty bright and you put it to break
I will be your really great I'll put
your hands and plate do you always have
to bring something on our walks why do
you keep stopping come on what's your
question
well it's a sunny day so come on I told
you that he was gonna get really heavy
she on this walk are you gonna make it I
do I know you can Wow you can and we
learn parts of dance parts of my
gymnastics routine on the floor and I'm
gonna Dutch wanted to shoot
okay
so I know we haven't posted video videos
in a long time on a crow and my video my
channel so we're gonna we are you going
to post a video soon and there's gonna
be a link here um is it gonna be on this
video there's gonna be a link on this
video so if you watch this video and
there's not a link then the video is
enough yeah but if there is you better
click on it to see one a lot one of my
acro ana videos it's probably gonna be
like I'm doing gymnastics at home like
you saw yesterday if you watch that
video I was doing gymnastics at home so
it's probably gonna be here and not like
a gym or meet also my Macy's is coming
up and either late November or early
December so make sure you watch this
video they're gonna be coming up soon on
my channel
what No
oh my gosh is it a note to a treasure is
it a treasure map that's because you
can't read you're just learning how to
read I think it's just trash that you
found no sorry to let you know that what
are you gonna do
bubble trick bubbles have a trick he
does okay what's this trick all right
let me say without a bar yeah that's
really impressive
yeah not many people can do pullovers
without bars right bubbles can yeah he's
a great dog and he's concentrating hard
on her homework
what's your homework today I'm typing
I'm Tiger Woods on the computer using
different funds each time you're gonna
type all your spelling words and change
the font with each word yeah it's up fun
homework you're building a castle not a
fort yeah
oh yes come out come out wherever you
are
you might not be a lefty yeah your left
yeah do a hands in her cart well that's
a righty
you're better the balance beam than
Annie all right are you gonna try that
back walkover yeah you really can't try
without because you can't try one
because you'll break your neck count no
cuz I don't want you to do one you can
lay down into a bread and I will do one
now Scout know they'll break his neck
know what Haley let's see if Caleb knows
how to do a bridge oh yeah
Caleb ready set why they gotta be a
contest I would just wanted to get a
cool video you're all winners to me
Haley Haley
I was trying to get the winner 5 he's my
favorite ten-year-old your favorite
child but I think we'd have a
conversation before I like you all the
same or do you do but if you don't have
a sport then you can say but let's what
do you wanna do Haley doesn't even know
it laughs but you laughing about
based on data
