morning guys our house turned into a
film set so we were worried about the
dresses that we got that they weren't
gonna fix I didn't have time to get them
altered so while they were filming what
they were filming this morning the
reason our house that got cameras all in
it they were filming some videos and I
went shopping those are yours I went to
Nordstrom and found some really cute
stuff let me come over here so the
Lighting's better and then I'm going to
kind of be quiet because they're going
to tell me Stern Hailey's filming
something else right now and then and
then I
that's yours no that one that one's
Hailey's yeah I thought that it could be
chilly so I got you guys um we're going
to an awards show slash banquet where
some of the cast a tourist some of the
cast of chicken girls is presenting an
award um I don't know I can't remember
how to look at em side of those players
shirt down it's way too high so I had to
go get some clothes for that and I went
to Nordstrom first and found some cute
kind of stuff and then I'm like you know
what maybe I'll go to Macy's and just
see I think I found perfect stuff at
Macy's which is what you're digging in
right now that one and these are still
just options I'm gonna take it back if
we don't use it I think that one is yeah
that one's yours and then I just tried
shoes on because we wear the same size
and I just got like a nude I didn't want
to go with a really high heel what do
you think of these two heel but
hopefully can go with anything and then
we have that we're going we're probably
going to the streamys I should I don't I
never like to commit to things I mean we
like what if we don't end up going but I
got it just in case in that color fun so
tomorrow's event is a little bit more
formal so whatever when you try on
whatever looks the most formal I think
we're gonna go with that so I think you
should that's just how they did it and
then Nicole also have some options so
don't take the tags off of anything
because
we're gonna try to find something for
both awards and take everything else
back
there's our Haley's yeah so I just got
something that could go with everything
since I don't really know what you're
wearing
okay what do you want to try on first I
didn't think I was gonna find anything
because Annie's in between sizes like
Nicole got some stuff that she always
gets for photoshoots for rock your hair
but there they were too big on Annie but
she said that she could order some small
one so tomorrow we're gonna have those
options but these are very similar and I
was really excited to find them so I was
like way more than excited than Annie's
right now most of this is the only one
that yours
yeah Nordstrom didn't have much
I think we've got you're gonna be
thankful to have it if it gets cold you
don't have to wear it like I'll hold it
or something no you don't you don't do
that I didn't check like I don't know
we'll just yeah that's the stuff I don't
think it's I don't have time to get
altered this is cute though it's really
pretty elegant okay let me take a
picture your Nutella good god in the
dress okay Haley is wrapped
she just filmed a video trying on
dresses now this is the first one do you
like this one I think she's tired I
think it took it all out of her oh I
like it too it's really pretty in velvet
like really in right now you could take
a nap not on the dresser no I think it's
good it's cute next okay my little
lovely little lady's got our phones and
our nose nope our nose is in our phones
because they haven't been on them all
morning cuz they've been filming um
what's on the plan why are we in the car
are getting our nails done for the award
shows
I was banquet oh you're going to get
these bad boys fixed up okay
three lines yes Annie I don't do we
explain that that you're presenting an
award you and some of the chicken girl I
can't remember we had this conversation
already like legit can't remember on
camera
so Annie Brooke and Hayden are
presenting like best child children's
show for this award show or something
and there's a little bit of a you know
they have to know what to say so there's
a little bit of practicing involved so
no I don't think there's a rehearsal I'm
just gonna do it it's but it's not good
it's not supposed to be a real script
they're just kind of giving you the gist
of what they want you know I don't know
so that's what we're gonna go do we're
gonna get our little feetsies done and
we're gonna eat some lunch because we
haven't eaten yet heaven eaten since
breakfast which was a long time ago
we're having a very late lunch so and
then we're gonna get our nails done and
then I think we're trying to go to
Halloween Horror Nights again there's
tickets are sold out the ones we wanted
so we're gonna go up there and see what
we can do because they were nice enough
to give us some last time help us out so
we're gonna try to do that and if that
doesn't work out we'll find something
else to do what well you're saying what
Daddy cuz you don't want to go maybe you
guys can go do something cheeky I don't
think she gonna do it she would be
scared of her mind
I'm just surprised you made it with as
little tears as you had Haley bug show
your nails we just got our nails done
okay there it is look at the design
actually alright hey Haley got they both
got like a nude I got like a Mavi mom
kittens color so it's like that's like
do you guys do designs and they're gonna
like yeah we do designs and then like
hated me this like everything like just
a lot of design that I picked one of
them there like it was just they were
just so nice and they're so gentle
the best reaction ever hey y'all want to
be on the vlog cuz I like how shirt or
jacket sure of course
so cute I like hell you're matching I
love it
nice to meet you
they're still here they're still here
Peyton and mr. Jimmy
yeah he went got her I texted mr. Jimmy
and I said I'm gonna go on a limb so I
take someone say I'm gonna go out on a
limb and you guys aren't here he's like
so we'll walk down and meet them again
I'm obsessed with my so we've walked the
whole mall realizing we don't know our
way around here
we're looking for friends
they said they were in this area and we
found the area watch they're hiding from
us and they're going to jump out and
scare us
testing the nails for claw ability okay
you can't do that he's like I don't want
to
they were there a little long we got him
even shorter but I wasn't over there to
make sure how short they were gonna work
it didn't work pointed them like a witch
what do you say lady who didn't mind
hers were super long I don't know how
she was like functioning but like I
couldn't see from where I was way across
the no place from her and I couldn't say
I wish her they were going a little
shorter cuz they're just gonna grow out
but I guess I'll look good for
tomorrow's your actual for your nose no
then how do they go out they're gonna
grow from yeah oh you know her
fingernail will grow under yeah yeah you
got it okay Annie just realized maybe
like six months ago
that their nail no yes that too but that
your nail grows from here it's not for a
moment
yeah a tree and the target signs a
target so we can't catch a break with
this horror night it was sold out so
we're just at City Walk and we're
waiting for Hayden and Jimmy to meet up
with us let them located we couldn't
figure out plans I'm gonna text her she
was I think dance class we're gonna
stand right here yeah we're gonna stay
right here in stock
I don't see them this isn't working what
if there's a different drop I feel like
there's only one drop
so we have decided that we're not in the
same place and no we're looking for pink
escalator now not a pink escalators
Escalade
okay but we can work that way to stop
walking back to the guitar are actually
we're asked like it is a guitar it's a
guitar - I didn't even know there was a
guitar hi Jayden hi Hayden great dinner
or eating Mexican
yeah
where's Hayden
he's coloring with a knife
you like tic-tac-toe Hayden plays the
winner what is this is it really mustard
Haven how was it he tried it
we gotta light up
oh we're going down memory lane right
now
hate it you can't see it cuz his phone's
glowing but he's like looking at old
pictures of himself how studly like it's
done he was cute admitted
I'm like I don't know it's not even on
right now when you have a sad moment I
said ticular water will swarm through a
particular water there are some sad
moments going on at dinner so the
warning and we're trying to make her
feel better by reminiscing old time
those fans I bought you actually they
might be well I'm glad we can reminisce
like your dad just like old times
yeah you're so warm think warm thoughts
you guys Haley didn't come with us
tonight I forgot to say because we
there's a chance we were doing Horror
Nights and that was she she was not
interested in that we didn't do horror
night so we would have loved to don't
have you to join us it's got nothing
she's given you nothing better dating
things see you room yeah give her a tour
Haley how do you know how does she know
cuz she texted me about the surprise how
does she know what it's in here oh yeah
I'm surprised dig in there you like it
others more and oh yeah and here we
brought you something too that's my
wallet surprise there's just another
squishy but look in here we got you
something
I forgot we got this for you wherever
you guys want to sleep hey hey didn't
pick this out oh yeah he said Haley
would love this you should be a good
pair to get it for her and I said you
know what you're right I'm gonna bring
her something so you can
snap him look how shy she gets around
snapshot okay let's go see all right you
give her a tour and then we'll do a
question of the day and to share with
Annie I don't know whose is whose
and yeah that's what we're doing right
now it's time for question today which
is sweet or sour candy because Haley is
eating candy so I feel like it really
depends on my mood because I feel like
right now I kind of have something sweet
but a lot of times like when we were in
the candy store
I wanted sour but now but now I want
sighs a sour like sour patch kids
those are great but right now I'm giving
them like sweet there's some I just love
candy sometimes actually I'm not a big
candy person like when I when I want
candy I won't oh yeah oh yeah like if I
don't want candy I'm like mm I don't
want it but she got really excited over
a lollipop today it was so tiny he's
like the tiniest lollipop in the world
we have the world's smallest honey it's
like literally like this big and I can't
even play with it but it's good because
it's like the world's maja where did you
go eh never mind we can't give them any
like beating us because it's remember
the world record for you know what a
little beat it okay guys so we're trying
to do a world record or something but I
wouldn't want to tell you because then
you guys are going to go and beat us and
we know you will okay you guys are
better than us
okay yeah don't forget Compton Lux moon
another question today is speaker Sarah
hi guys love you always remember to
celebrate
thanks for watching
Brit Ailee
