would you weary soul to rest yeah I will
try to do my best to keep you safe
inside
to gravity
into birth
it's more clear when it's more cloudy
but summers gonna come for the stormy
clouds
all the town away
this shout out goes to Queen H R mm she
said justice that we do a baby food
challenge explained begs me all right
right okay so good food giant is you
have to taste these different kinds of
baby food food I said food two tons um
and if there's Apple and bananas carrots
bananas these no guys bananas gives you
whatever and so you have easier than you
rank them with stars from zero if you
really don't like them two or three if
you kind of like them in five if you
really like them and you want to have
another one you don't know how to count
in the floor and that's what support and
so if you really hate them you spit it
out of this good some of the supplies
that you might want to get his baby food
a screen and paper house of course
babysit and of course I drink I drink it
next I don't think I'm going to like the
carrots too
peace so we are going to first do the P
Haley gets up now
it's now okay when we count to three
you're gonna oh we're gonna die okay you
keep down so that way you don't have to
get too much that's what that pays good
that's good that's perfect okay ready
set go for two I mean I mean three take
the aftertaste to back down to get it
are you here Haley just pretty good the
taste is pretty good and the gable
doesn't like any piece you don't use
ever know if you try it might like it
Haley you ate it when you were little
your select tiny let him know she
doesn't like it
okay clean isn't that good I think I'm
on I give it a five
okay so the next one that will be drunk
is Karen I'm gonna get this over oh we
don't like squishy oh come on
sighs figures right myself ready yeah hi
Ashley to kill one it's just another
getting done by black-yellow the pigs
but not that is disgusting did you like
it
okay look at you don't have to okay so
third button
okay ready
sadly get set go - sauce fried apples
off your bananas for the best oh oh
she's going up you just go for another
fight would you rather a baby hey what
do you say what my theme song yeah okay
hey what do you say what is the question
okay hey question of the day today it's
so obvious because of course the
question of the day is what should we do
for our next show
yeah Tom fellow body you mobile
everything on ah potato baked potato
baby
just saying for life don't do this
really like really like really like yeah
like you're gonna throw up
really yes are you pranking me are you
alright yes we all love
