today Armour - oh my gosh it's a first
day of school and we forgot our lunches
but you weary soul to press
yeah I will try to do my best to keep
you safe inside this
to her
I'd buy juice
it's more clear when it's more cloudy
the stormy cloud
pictures are you ready to take the kids
at school you ready to go take that as a
yes
all right let me see y'all's outfits
turn around turn around
looking good I love it
all right who is who is ready to have a
wonderful day who is tired because we
had to wake up the earliest we broke up
angel exactly just like that mean
everything that he does and sometimes
yeah you guys can come home and tell us
exactly how everything went
are you guys nervous yes let's go let's
go get loaded up in the car can we go
can we go I think she's more excited
than you guys oh my gosh it's the first
day of school and we forgot our lunches
and so we just dropped Caleb off at the
school because he's safety patrol and he
asked you that early so me Mommy and
Hailey are going back for the lunches
and coming back to the school to get me
topped off
do you really think we forgot our
lunches what it's not our fault we're
not used to bringing lunches to the
school it that first time so guess
you'll meet you again after school okay
Hayley are you ready to pick out your
leo
for gymnastics yeah you have lots of
different ones now cuz Sydney gave you a
bunch of hers but you have a ton of
other ones you have this pink one you
have this purple and blue one and that
one we have to try that some on on to
make sure they fit you which one do you
want to try what's your first pick I
know which one I know what much you like
that which one will she like I'm gonna
wear that one again no no it's it's a
whatever you want to wear Oh Hayley just
can't decide which one she wants he's
got a ton of Leo's which one has
sparkles that's the one you want to wear
yeah you know that was Mary Kate when
she was little and then that was Annie's
you're gonna wear that one all right
let's get changed
are you going without me
alright you ready are you excited let's
go you did pullovers that's right and
now we just got home
we met the kids at the school and
they're walking home and now we're gonna
go meet them we just went to the school
to make sure that they knew how to find
each other right and now they're almost
home we just saw them walking are you
ready to go meet them they should be
here down that Street in a few minutes
let's go look me think they had a great
day at school they are with each other I
just saw them baby they're this way stir
over there yep she sees them taking off
after them
what did you tell them you tell us that
we won just say we beat you
you left your lunchbox at school like
really Caleb really right you really
left your lunchbox at school what are
you gonna use for tomorrow
I just guess I'm not going to eat I
guess you'll have to take for real
Haley's Lalaloopsy lunch spot no I guess
no you can take Annie's old puppy whines
your strawberries we're good you can use
my old puppy though you know you can use
your old Zilla steps up no you're not
using Lalaloopsy you can use yeah we'll
figure something out Caleb that's okay
so you we left your lunches early this
morning before school why do you need
Japanese money I'm sure we have some
somewhere okay so I found out that my
teacher was actually really nice yeah it
wasn't just pretending to be nice on the
first day
nope she was really truly honestly a
nice person yep awesome what do you guys
do today we do we do like a graph we do
a breath like if you were buzzed car
rider and all that we color but we were
and we put it on grass but wait oh
there's more bus riders cool cool so it
wasn't a good first day all in all yes
are you ready to go back tomorrow are we
gonna forget your lunches tomorrow hmm
what a day and every day and no know who
that is all right all right
totally off on a game you want homework
I will give you homework can it be
claiming homework so quiet where did
Haley run off to she fell asleep today
at it before lunch
because she got up so early it was
realistic she didn't she had so much fun
at gymnastics you know like you were
there or something
you weren't she was sad when we got
there she goes I wish
Annie was here why I don't know she just
want to do there but she had fun and she
did a good job I know we're all gonna
crash so early tonight
practice well yeah now it's the real
thing all right go get your brother so I
can see how his day when I could have
done that come sit in my chair
don't you have to live leave the chair
the bad the bad people chair how was
your day what did you do where's your
lunchbox
hmm hmm is that gonna happen to him are
you a dork nope
Jim homework oh yes you do it's right
here
Danny don't see me yeah Annie why you
always had that
you guys are supposed to be tired and
worn out after school not hyper so how
was it I think okay anyways how was it
how was your teacher do you like him
mm-hm
and what was your duty for what was what
did you Patrol then would you like me to
say like that yeah instead of duty not
the OOD why you guys have gross mind
okay I've drilled the hole little hop
and you like it tell anybody but not run
yeah
did you do anything no I didn't I mean
yeah I did what'd you do I told people
to stop what I don't buy that stop
because other people are going oh like
you were the crossing guard kind of good
sticks like go stop are you serious up
go yes this wow that's like the real
deal
but inside building I was saying yes
what yeah no that what were you thinking
Sam I thought you said I am Sam laughing
awesome
so are you ready to do it all year long
yep I mean yep but yep you don't want to
do it do okay then why are you
whispering to you Oh
this conversation went downhill me too
Annie are you ready to get rid of that
thing
yeah your blankie are you ready to get
rid of it up no not at all Wow
five about you still have it but do you
do anything with it
do you Annie yep what do you do show
everybody what you do are you
embarrassed by it no nope
come on show everybody the corner your
favorite corner yeah but he wants to
know you can't and I say that corner why
cuz it to it for me doing this you rub
it on your lips see look at the
difference look at the difference yeah
and what do you what's it feel like
Sanders you say they all feel the same I
know all the corners filled with Ames
she tried it out she rubbed them all
you're so you're saying you're one
corner feels different it's not the same
if you rub this corner yeah you can tell
your time oh yeah this one's all ripped
do it right here right here now feel
right here it feels the same to me and
you've had that since you were like
eight months old you guys like to sleep
with like every you have to actually
place I can get to there you want to you
want to know if they ship with a stuffed
animal or a blanket yeah I just call it
a blankie well is that why do I call it
we used to call it ear rub rub because
you would always rub it one time you're
my feet were like on a recliner and you
were standing right by my feet and it
made me think that I wanted a massage so
I said Annie rub my feet and you don't
want to know what you did
you took my foot and you went to go rub
it on your lip because we used to call
it you were gonna rub my feet on your
lip
cuz you thought you're gonna get take my
feet so I thought you meant to rub rub
your feet on your lip yeah I just wanted
you to massage my feet that's right
so how is gymnastics today what did you
do I did a pullover
back hip circles yeah Billy's not doing
boys the Rings no I know no she did get
the cats on the ring the Rings and a
cast and what you do on the floor uh-huh
rayann tap you did a forward roll
backward roll so that was our first day
of school and like Caleb said we are
going to continue videos every day this
week
yeah okay thanks for the announcement
seasons your first first week of school
but after that we may go back to
Monday's matters of doing videos the
reason why we may go back to our old
schedule is because when we come home
from school we have gymnastics in
baseball to do and
after that we have to go home and go to
bed so that might be a little boring for
you to see just us
Haley's so saying that we're going to
baseball in your mouth sex like every
day so mommy may continue filming Haley
every day but we're still trying to
figure it out so we'll say you don't
want you guys to be bored so I guess
I'll see you tomorrow bye I nobody said
goodbye
Haley just got out of the shower and
came downstairs and this is what she's
wearing which is hat that's best that's
a fancy Nancy's pajama shirt a skirt and
Jama pants and boots wow you look like
you're ready for bed
what what are you gonna try I'm going to
track where he's been
I don't know that you can do that in
here but wait it's not lunch time
hey you didn't eat that at lunch you
almost landed up damage but we already
ate dinner landed it with bent legs
no gosh don't hurt yourself
we got a line over there now the gyms
got a spring floor in it you got a ten
for that landing Haley this time baby
