today I'm bratayley I gather uh she
stopped at me good you weary soul to
rest
yeah I will try to do my best to keep
you safe inside this nest
to earth
it's more clear when it's more cloudy
but summer is gonna come
earn the stormy cloud
all the doubt
okay so we just got done from eating at
Chipotle so now we're gonna go to Target
because I've been saving up my allowance
tip and we're gonna go get some Legos
bye see target I guess and we're gonna
start breeding bringing our lunch box at
the school so we got to get lunch boxes
Danielle so by the movie yeah yeah yeah
and it's raining and I think I'm gonna
say a lot of aims so and by air and by
and will see your target and by yeah I
got the matching stuff got them blue oh
yeah
lunch box same this patch shop and what
do you have what kind do you have
Haley's getting one too because she just
doesn't understand that she not going to
school yet you didn't want um Lalaloopsy
or littlest pet shops not the sheriff
swallows oh sorry Haley are together
have one what you know we're not getting
folders today we just came for lunch
boxes
I feel like we live at the store oh you
found your Legos that's right she can
fight way better than the boys here he's
wait up like an injured guy who oh my
girl with the ponytail hmm Annie was
gonna buy that for you for your birthday
actually
but she's surprising you with something
else I think you're gonna like what
Annie got you better than we can't tell
you it's a surprise
winger I don't know hiding it's not that
it's a surprise I'm at home hiding up
mud you decide on this day I'm still
looking
Zuba dude it's gonna be like an
hour-long process I told you just does
dude how much money do you have saved up
I already happen Oh Danny and I need
those guys how much money do you have
saved up I don't know 20 $50 you do not
have it did you not just go with you
come back and unload the cart hey I got
something I caught something
oh yeah I'm fishing
I caught it I've got a big one yeah
unload the car unload the car
I mean unload the cart go get back old
how fast can you do it under mark go
hold on let me move the chips before you
crush them Arnim Oh
get set go oh gosh she's crushing on the
lunchbox come up I don't know did you
bump your head
Eddie you're a money Haley's ooh I'm
ready
Jesus Joe uh what are you doing what
language is that no one home for you
right now in the car giving yes and I
now we're gonna play the game that we
always play in the car it's cold
try to guess the number look think you
saddle on it okay I might get my fingers
high or trying to guess to see how much
or who comes the closest to what the gas
is gonna stop at your guess is 55 55
Annie
15:53 here's what you guys need my my
what oh that's a really good guess okay
am i guess my guess is gonna be no
Maggie isn't gonna be can't change it
hey guys hurry oh boy I know it's you to
62 my guess is gonna be 64 good god
you're kidding right
make your way on my58 hey Chandler you
said four okay and you said 62 and I
said 64
what's it at right now boy come on can't
see it Oh yep there it is 45 46 and
saying that softer so can go 50 40 yeah
I'm 9 I'm with 50 homeland area near 60
now you can imagine and yours 8 oh we're
all gonna be off yeah I'm not a 1 and
makes 3 2 I wash and dad Susanne FIFO 65
you're pretty close lately change it
oh yes 69 1 6901 or 69 even oh no no why
we'd you did wrong and just for the
record we're never going anywhere ever
again why cuz gas is way too expensive
it wasn't $69 yeah we're just gonna sit
at home mom what'd you do you old girl
okay stop by later mom fine we got'em
you legas but now he has zero money
Oh actually I four bucks I finished what
Warren at least what are all the extra
pieces for I dunno what these are for
actually readiness you know how to share
something I mean you know this time oh
okay
are you gonna show me why you're wearing
the outfit you were yesterday
no I am NOT when the outfit that I wore
yesterday yes you are
how do you knit as I remember what you
wore yesterday what why did you change
oh because W type is uncommon if I'm
insane why are you acting so dramatic
because my ear let's go for Saffy yeah
where are we going
see let me clean up clean yeah for
definitely my children Oh Jim deny him
or her daddy
okay now kloves now looking at ready
yeah that's born ready
oh you made his bed yeah his dresser is
clean bookcases clean his desk is clean
very good mine my movies like pink pink
pink what's pink P pink pink pink pink
pink like a pig hey very good it is kind
of pink in here when you have that
comforter folded up flexible pinkies
what look she's gonna have flexible
pinkies when she grows up
don't break her little finger is that
for people's usually fingers go back now
see it's not she's gonna have fingers
like this oh oh
nothing gonna try to do that I'm gonna
break my finger off oh don't break your
finger please
so anyways to my last day of summer and
then we're going to school I did it okay
so one day I was on the trampoline and I
think we went back to that finger thing
with serenity and and her friends and so
we were jumping and I fell and it's
already else fell and then my fingers
are like this and they all been back
yeah I know that's how you discovered
that you have flexible fingers are they
all flexible just your pinkies yeah your
pinkies better
oh how your ring fingers I don't
spend hours
stop trying to see how flexible my hands
are thank you very much
anyways we have a few things to do like
organizer school supplies and keith has
baseball tomorrow about baseball no
school oh those two are goofing off
behind you
okay so bye see you tomorrow
okay bye their fighter I did they're
gonna get her so close and me camera
flashing tomorrow
oh we did the camera back on I got it ah
she stopped at me good night oh wow oh
now what I need to do sorry do you just
throw your sister on top of her other
sister dee crazy do you think speech eh
I'm a flamer you just threw her on top
of Annie hey at least you didn't hurt
her that is rude Annie oh you just
stepped on my doubt we were supposed to
be saying you're so loud Haley I think
we need to calm down because we were
supposed to be settling down for the
night you started the playlist all right
you can do what and kaalia legends wait
wait well I don't even know what that is
Oh karate lessons sometimes you guys are
better at understanding what she says
sometimes I have to ask her like five
times I got that one thanks Annie
somebody else is gonna get her and it's
probably you know I'm not in the fight
Kavya to be mean so but sighs hit
tomorrow bye see you tomorrow for real
this time
bye ah
baked potato baked potato bay
