good morning someone went to bed super
early last night you were in bed before
you were asleep on the couch before 8:00
so Haley's awake Annie is 10:30 we went
get in bed
so some breakfast on the plate some
fruit on the plate and we're gonna start
our morning out right I'm gonna go drag
today they've decided they want to do
school right here until further notice
and he's like I'm gonna do school until
if I write till I have to write
something Haley just using the ground
next to daddy's dinky sandals you heard
me he's like next to what y'all stinky
sandals back to editing every day bless
you wakin the neighborhood up I'm just
gonna sit down here on my new chair see
we haven't gotten this printer put away
yet that's on the agenda today a little
bit of stretching all right why did you
decide to do school on the couch today
I'm not talking to you you're on the
floor
what
what hurts
what is that is that a pencil Vlad yes
that is from your mechanical pencil no
it's not that is a staple of some sort
I know it's not a pencil lid I thought I
thought it wasn't hers that stinks I was
in my chair die now there's a little
hole in the chair but it hurts yeah yeah
but it's still like kind of pokey isn't
it hey we're done
how do you feel Lani fun is cleaning up
any minute
pretty much okay two three four
they cleaned the house you're doing a
video is that why we're putting makeup
on yes yes you guys look super cute is
it a matchy match because I CL are in
the same color so our building
electricity is off so we've got this the
windows open and it feels so good in
here it's actually better than the air
conditioner who knew Thank You
California for your wonderful weather
yeah it's it yeah
new style just don't blend so what's the
mate what's the video about if we ever
get it put up mine what is going to be
12 ways no 12 13 13 annoying things
people do in school 13 and 9 things how
do you know you don't go to school huh I
know
Oh hailey Cottam all okay that sounds
like a super duper fun that's how
they're gonna spend their afternoon they
finish school elementary school versus
middle school we were gonna do that
middle school where does high school but
she's cute love it
fine
guys we found vloggers in their natural
habitat its vloggers and their natural
languages what are you guys filming and
action
oh my gosh guys this building's on fire
he has ever seen a fire before it's
crazy well there's a fire truck right
there I see the reflection the buildings
on fire Haley a fire broke out
oh my gosh I don't know what that is
what do you guys think that is at
apartments I hope not I hope not too
the leader all right there
it
gosh
that's crazy look he's got the hose guy
so as you see the guy that's on the roof
of the one building I honestly guys I
think it's this building that's on fire
the one closest to us
I think it's spreading to that other
building no no the one that the
firefighters are on that's the building
on fire and now it's spreading to the
other building looks like that hose
caught on fire not the hose the like the
little pipe the pipe yeah yeah maybe it
could be a gas pipe we thought it was a
movie over here so we thought that was
like in the movie so it looks like
they're they're getting the hoses ready
up but it looks like the roof that
they're on over here is the one on fire
and it looks like the fire spreading to
that other one
unless that line that you're saying
looks like it's on fire what if that's
what started the fire
that could be like a gas line or
something
shouldn't they be like should they be
like spraying the hose prevent fires
still in there if it's inside the
building yes that's just where it
expanded from the building but if dot
that pipe was what caused it then it
should be out okay guys question then is
low battery no question this every other
person if I were four and yes we have
seen if I reported a number this guy
that's if you aren't gonna go off and I
love you guys so much
don't forget to come to lock him in
another question the day is have you
seen the fog off but I love you guys so
much okay we're now we can just talk
until it goes off always remember to
celebrate thanks for watching
Vitaliy
