good morning everybody so early and we
have a long day ahead of us I don't know
if it's a long day but we have an early
day and we have a super huh I don't know
I don't have I don't have a Call Sheet
just know what time were supposed to be
there have a call time pay no attention
to the messy room again I don't know
what keeps happening but we also have a
special guest here this morning and that
funny a special guest he's not a guest
but I kind of seems like you think guess
because he wasn't here for the week and
then we've settled clearly settled into
the apartment are there rooms at the
house haven't been this messy and a long
time and all of a sudden we come here
and we cannot keep this I don't know
where your socket I had two socks for
you
I don't know why we can't keep this room
cleaned I feel like the house the rooms
a little more staying cleaner what's
wrong with that spot do you want me to
find you some clean socks okay well
we're about to get this show on the road
surprise everybody welcome to the
dressing room that Annie's not in right
now but we've crashed so surprised
Annie's gonna be on an episode of
bizarre divert tide the important stuff
know that she's just playing herself
it's gonna be a little while because
this is for the upcoming season but
we're hanging out in a nice little
dressing room and he's down in hair and
makeup I'm about to go meet her down
there and that's a surprise huh and
Haley
Haley's gonna go check out the breakfast
with daddy and I'm gonna go check on
Annie so ready team brick
Haley you're supposed to break ready
right here a cabin or something real
quick Wow Annie is getting her hair and
makeup done
Haley they're doing what we do best and
Haley has two waters to drink which
one's more refreshing water one fruit
water taste that water 101 or two which
was worker I think one or two women some
water two's I see regular water and
water one was cucumber water
oh okay hair and makeup yeah yeah that's
your juice you don't have an option
I've taken it over though are her
clothes here yet
the Horde back to em no blurriness
looking over the script make up told her
to no hair told her to go get dressed
find out what she's what they decided on
and then go back but I got lost so I
couldn't find wardrobe their doors were
all shut so what you want to take her
bacon felt like bacon right so you'll
walk her down and I'll hang with Haley
because I'm I get lost very easily did
you start
Haley texted me while I was down there
that can I start school and I said yes
but the schedule is funny so she shoots
her seen Annie does so she says she does
hair and wardrobe which is already done
and then she does her listen or not then
she does he felt me I got those in she
does her filming and then she has to
juice three hours of school oh so you're
gonna you can do school when it's that's
what I was trying to tell you
yeah this watch somebody did you get the
Internet yeah how daddy got the Internet
I don't know
yeah he stole the Internet I mean he
borrowed the Internet so there was a
password down there mmm cool so yeah
we're we're here for three hours after
she phones because you're required to do
school when you're on set so you'll just
do school then because that's about how
much we do at home anyway so we do three
to four so that is perfect her wardrobe
is here so we probably don't want to
show her in her outfit so after she's
done filming we will see you guys later
she's gotta go and get dressed
oh it could be it could be like the
little challenge commercial that you see
sometimes yeah we're filming okay we'll
see you later
so Hayley's doing school Annie's
downstairs doing school oh man
mommy so come to find out apparently we
didn't know this was a requirement they
wanted Annie to have a photo ID so mommy
went to get her passport you never been
asked that before at how school come in
graduated yep
Yeah right that's a wrap on Annie
Leblanc at Buzard bark Haley is
finishing up one little lesson and I
think we're skedaddle on outta you your
hair looks really good I want to get she
did that with us I'm really thin barrel
we'll go get a little thin barrel look
at the lighting you screech Oh like a
screen shot and then um for them to tag
me and I'm gonna screenshot scientists
nor mine story thank you well what are
they gonna what do you want the hash tag
to be that you can find it
are you trying to tag you okay fine
burn dad okay oh wait no I want to
actually do something wait wait wait oh
I have to hold it watch okay now what
actually lies so funny okay all right so
she's getting she's multitasking over
there which is nice she's getting her
shoes on and watching a lesson you were
gonna take a nap you guys I had to go
all the way back to the apartment in
traffic to get your passport because I
needed an ID did you know I even thought
do you know that I left yes I left we
just didn't want to be here anymore no I
went all the way back to the apartment
dug for your passport couldn't find it
at first having a mini panic attack and
then I ate Chipotle after I found it in
celebration of them I did eat tabouli
really after after a crisis he's likable
and before when I feel like all right
enough about me guys I know good as
always it's never about me it's always
about these Anthony she'd say the same
about you all right step one of ways to
get kicked out of Disney
let's keep the bad joke to yourself just
f1o getting kicked out of Disney because
I was gonna make a bad joke Hayley and
her fruit we just ate lunch you guys why
am I so horrible at vlogging we just saw
divor
Google is Amelia Oh actually we saw all
the cast page and Frankie and seasons
but then and I was gonna say Ethan but
see now I'm mixing up real names with
character names well I know I know I'm
all paid yes Devore and Ethan but I was
mixing and matching some of them I was
using their real names and their cast
names and I didn't even vlog it we did
get pictures so when this episode comes
out it's probably at least three months
which isn't really that long in the
grand scheme of things they've got
episodes lined up of course all right
well we're gonna go and continue with
our day I don't know what we're doing
Haley's got to finish some school I do
know that and we're going to the ready
well at least that was the phone and not
the brand-new camera yes
okay don't drink it
we're finally going down to the pool I
feel like for a real moment and not just
10 minutes
and the pool through it go into the pool
snacktime all of that what do you do
when your hands are too wet to be put
into the dorito bag
a little bird don't go in the pool with
food in your mouth
y'all it is beautiful out it is perfect
out here right now like I could get a
tan in real
who are you talking to hey hey Paige
it's a camera we're coming back from the
pool and they are chatting with Paige
apparently oh no gold gold feels good
out here our error seems to not be
working in there and just good it feels
really good out here feels open
some windows yeah you're you probably
feel cold cuz your hair's wet maybe from
your shower and and you're looking at
pictures of you wet make sure they're
editing pool pictures well Haley's not
she's now moved on to YouTube videos
we've got a printer because I needed a
print twice here and haven't been able
to so now I won't need to print now that
I've got the printer so that was like
washing your car is 100% gonna make it
gonna rain yeah I know
because backward I noticed over for some
things but
Haley got chocolate on ears he's a
in your beard
are you growing that out well everybody
on insta gets its shave so I'll probably
shave
I don't like that yeah I got the
thickest no from the Navy was thicker
huh
well not yeah on the wards deployed you
didn't have to shave no because he
didn't have to and the military makes
you shave well not your you can have a
mustache right and yours is touching
your lip that says most of my bottom
weird okay
look in the picture you've got on your
phone so weird I I'm just kidding I
don't hope that but you mean maybe you
can be resourceful
yeah so the door doesn't go she shakes
shake shake just a nice relaxing evening
in the apartment we haven't had many of
these we've swam we've how cool is it
that you were on Buzard bark today so
this morning we were a little tired so
we didn't show our pure happiness but
pure happiness don't exam it was pretty
exciting I see seven okay you said it
just don't like I did yeah it was that
your prom don't look so exciting no like
it really was cool so we've done that
today and now we've just gotten to
relaxed the second half of the day it's
kind of been nice
Hailey's keeping YouTube strong she
keeps it alive she keeps it kicking
you're welcome what would've Ali didn't
even film it we had your tongue this
little princess is still awake so I
really so it's just me and Annie for the
night daddy went out with some friends
and Hailey crashed on us
so what are you looking
hey Lee baby hey Lee hey baby
what is she saying so we're gonna have
some dinner and we're gonna watch girly
movies and then we're gonna go to bed
because it is a school school night
that's all she does is watch at it Oh
rinji always easy to get what I didn't
slow-mo okay so what do you want to
watch we'll be back later guys with a
question of the day and all that jazz
just wanted to give you a little update
in our evening AB little Frankie with
class yeah that's what I just said you
weren't even paying attention to me
we're gonna eat dinner first we haven't
even eaten yet
I want to put her in the bed now so she
can get some real sleep she's gonna be
up so early so hard I thought we were
gonna watch like a big girl movie me and
you's and Haley went to bed and he's
like Garfield so we searched up Garfield
oh I don't know I like the king when
were you like fine you know his twin no
I don't know
I missed whenever no idea into a box and
then he'd like me have you seen the hole
no just that one
yeah I thought we were gonna have like a
big girl I don't wanna know hey I'm
gonna bond really funny either Soul
Surfer 47 meters down
he didn't say soul surf surf for tonight
you said 47 meters down and I'm like no
I don't want to want to stop it
you did not say now you're trying to
like be like all big and bet it it's our
and I don't think you're what guard
watching that watch it
Russia's are out loud
Hayden's allowed to watch it that kind
of Brooke is allowed watch she just
doesn't choose to sit doesn't Mecca um
want me to give you the old parental
lecture that I don't care what your
friends do I'm not saying that I
wouldn't let you watch I probably
wouldn't let you watch the radio movie
but it's not gonna be based on what your
friends are doing all right apparently
we're watching Garfield for all three
and then decide it's no like proud of
herself for like coming up with this
really good idea like that's like the
idea of the century good job let's just
your initials baby L is fun let's do the
question of the day no okay look what do
you have planned tonight so first we're
going to do a from the day mm-hmm dad
we're gonna watch a movie okay good idea
the question of the day is Oh
what time do you have to get up in the
morning for school do you know the
answer to this this year Oh No 8:30 is
when I usually get them up at the latest
because we start school at 9:00 at the
latest
what are you doing over there I'm over
here a bet there's gonna be lots of
comments of people who have to get up
away earlier than you so Cornell's fun
fest that's it for the day my friends we
will fight is Garfield remind
Alvin and the Chipmunks hey we're gonna
go
I put her in the bed we will see you
tomorrow comment down below what what
time you get up in the morning for
school
um we'll see you tomorrow guys always
remember to celebrate
thanks for watching
Vitaliy
