today put your weary soul to rest yeah I
will try to do my best to keep you safe
inside this nest
gravity
to earth
I'd like to say
it's more clear when it's more cloudy
but summers gonna burn the stormy cloud
out away
so we're painting with Haley's paint
that she got for her school supplies so
yes children and we couldn't find a
Breaston we're trying to share the brush
Haley you've got to dip it the first
time painting and we're so lazy that
we're still in our pajamas anymore and
we're waiting to do shimmer and I'm
drawing a tree hey what are you doing
Haley I am jolly let your darling I am
tying a tree you're trying to do a trick
no I got my energy and my Miranda was a
good idea commander and I love how you
added a little vest to your pajamas what
you kind of just thinking you fancied it
up huh stancine auntie's vest yeah so I
got your fancy oh look you've got a farm
on your shirt hmm I am half a Sun I'm
trying now
yeah it turns like pool balls you know
why could you're dipping it in the
purple that's the blue how are you
trying to do blue Oh mommy I don't know
what come with the pool yeah they're
kind of hard to see you push it off
before you get in love the blue no oh my
god Haley did it oh my god the rinse it
you haven't painted in a really long
time and he says it's your first time
not really your first time but it is
your first having a long time a gallon
Josh gonna be stuck on brown for like a
long time getting the trunk
I don't know I'm got to lean down Taylor
hate squeaky noises I guess I kind of
hold it we're dissing it's trying to
hold his weird about what he says wow he
is pretty weird
hey kill you you're gonna mess her mess
up she called your masterpiece a mess
he's starving some masterpieces our
message you're right Caleb
well story out of color then but some
apples and a so I'll have to see if I
can find the other paintbrush later you
have to dip it you just mix the red into
the green it's Christmas colors now try
to get this belly does not help you I
was gonna help you get the apples are
you gonna put apples under tree I can't
put apples and do I colored it oh she's
got a color at green first then she'll
put the apples on shooter what's your
picture up again Haley I'm a staff you
mix it up a nice kick oh you messed it
up what was it gonna be
oh wow thank you buddy what I thought
you were doing all farm on us
I I was just kidding uh-uh donating
still painting stuff don't don't don't
pick - yeah that looks pretty good
hey you know there's backpacks that we
were picking out yesterday I couldn't
decide which one I should get so we want
you to try to choose either the zebra
one the tie-dye one or the monster
Highway comment down below still
painting depicting yourself go from 15
so we just opened shimmer and me and
everybody picked out the one that we
wanted it came with all of the brushes
and the glue and the sparkly stuff which
is called glitter
tiny new tiny from 90 blue and I need
that I need income this is purple I want
grammar and I want blue no I wanna live
in silver
okay blue do it okay like fellas get
let's start with reading the
instructions okay so we got the stencil
on Haley and then we have to do the glue
body groom and then we have to
immediately take it off so and then what
yeah Haley wants a purple glitter and
the silver glitter and we'll see how it
turns out
now we have to wait until the glue goes
clear I'm touching it
how long does gonna take I have no idea
you didn't like that her you got one boy
do the silver first and do that one nut
so we just put the glitter on and for
starting to you the big brush to brush
all the glitter off that's doesn't have
any glue on it and you don't know how
it's gonna turn out what it's a first
tries out ready it's good okay writing
Missy hey then look too bad for our
first try
do you like it alright you can touch it
a little bit but don't touch it too much
just to feel it
I'm getting the dolphin with this and
where are you gonna put it all right
here we go so we got the glue on and now
we're waiting it for today before we get
the better line did it hurt when I
peeled the sticker off give it tickle
when I put the glue home are you having
fun looking oh it's almost clear he
didn't you're goofy exactly hey you want
some some shimmer Caleb no you sure yeah
there's plenty for ya oh my goodness
oh my goodness you can't have any
shimmer now okay that's not very nice
it's for girls well he goes can wear it
two guys get one of hands know that he
gets one night I love how y'all are
patting each other like it's okay all
right you ready to put the color on yeah
it's clear yep okay like egg excited
okay I got the glitter on now I gotta
wipe it ready look I got a line down
here where I got that glue off of the
stencil but it looks like it's jumping
out of the water okay so tonight we're
on our way to Luke's house so I can
spend the night and Edie is going to
swing angling yes it was Hailey and
Annie's going to sleep in Hailey's room
because they made a fort well we need a
foot and it's super big right in that
sunnyville room
what have you seen Hailey's room yeah
tiny it's like his bzz space okay we
shirt yeah fine cuz Josh don't ever
don't born in a phone haha she's born on
a farm
please born on a farm by the way no okay
I'll see you guys later but I'm sure
you'll see the girls really soon so bye
why where are we going you guys really
made another for close my eyes well how
am I going to see downstairs true I
don't cut your life this week it's I can
peek a little bit nope pika
Alli okay hold my hand oh you made a
fort from her bed very small yeah we're
gonna come see are you hung drawn if you
have your light on
yep we have to like there's a light
above you does it still work
oh we need batteries either one the
other one um well yeah the batteries are
dead and I pad imagine that yes and
joined oh I like your drawings and some
snap oh I see this bag and some bubble
wrap I'll put it back now when I'm done
we can't see you guys need a nightlight
right in there I got an idea okay sorry
yeah sorry here
oh not a good idea yeah yes is this a
good idea this and the highest and Donna
why we need got it
or do you need help I need this and then
Haley you don't have to put wanna see no
it doesn't do that so just play music
that no it won't display music I really
like it and Lincoln where did you put
all Haley's stuff that was under here uh
oh I see where are you guys sleeping
tonight but we actually pick the boy
you're gonna sleep in the for Haley yeah
okay well you guys have to go get your
pajamas on yeah Danny sack me yummy okay
I'm just and I just wanted to talk about
shimmer if I liked it if I didn't cuz
we're done with it and all of that crazy
stuff and yes I did like it
it was so sparkly you think it's gonna
stay on yeah let me see your foot still
on so I'm gonna get a bed and I think
alias - if she doesn't break something
first down so I'll see you tomorrow bye
