today Albert Ayler pulling that little
boy until the from choking Ling is name
would you like Fame yeah but you weary
soul to rest
yeah I will try to do my best to keep
you safe inside
going into earth
it's more cloudy
every day
earn the stormy cloud
to a lodge and sports stories choice in
CS doors buying Prime I caught touch
iPod touch
I know so sided I so sided my suicided
doesn't have your mouth I so so sided I
so sided now my so sided I so so so
sided what J second get out um either uh
baseball one a red one or a purple run
well no duh purple I love what do you I
could with iPod Touch which I'm saving
up for uh how much money do you have now
how much they're like tunes you don't
know how much do you have good luck all
right thanks for nothing had a find
always for it
Bob roller so I'll get my canna know
probably spend on my money cell yeah so
no I'm not even gonna be close
why are you bringing a dress with you
and why isn't my dress you already are
wearing a dress why are you bringing
that with you can we see it can you show
it it's so beautiful it fits bagel yeah
she's getting bigger
oh stop my money yes in case I see
something sparkly yeah we're going to
stop in today that even popped up today
you're getting a pop tart that's what
you're gonna buy okay so today we are
going to
iPod touch yay yay is that a question -
you ready
yeah but we're going to a bunch of
school we are and is looking for
something shiny sparkly all right are
you just gonna eat the wrapper yeah
everybody's got snack a parent let it
know a snack time are you gonna pop up
with your love you know so I just jump
in you're eating a hot dog bun hmm mmm
okay snap your champions
yeah Oh where's vo oh wow so Annie is
just kidding
boom boom no you had it right first time
that's not already know what bingo new
bingo was his name-o without reducing
him ah ooh she's Little Neck in that
games fun
fine
guys what is your problem are we going
backwards
no Caleb Dumbo bingo was his name-o and
dump it with his name-o oh you are what
you say by the way you are a to say an
awesome alright let's go everybody out
the door wait no I am okay we'll just
stay here all day I'm not go get the
iPod Touch I'll be much higher relaxing
yeah we'll say we'll go give me I
thought okay so it's your birthday
hopefully not Caleb's birthday it either
but he's had to wait a long time for his
birthday brother
to win by the way this is another
rainbow it's two in yeah now where the
xti we're missing some letters yes he's
just you know just useless yeah there
you go
ah
Vic you and me know right now Annie I
know I know what you're trying to do
yeah it's Annie bluefruit should we have
eaten before we left I didn't know you
guys were starving I didn't know that it
was mealtime yeah mommy now there we go
banning now we're eating up yes no hmm
got to be there no hmm hello Manny Manny
hey you guys are skinny we're going up
this way right yeah this is Manny by
idea okay
I want to look like job in what are you
doing
there's Akron Dumbo Annie is that what
you're trying to do then eh can't go in
there is it get the model Oh mom oh come
on Manny you're so smart all right whoo
yeah out the door out this way
I've been working on my walk that's your
walk yeah like you're gonna walk like
that in public all right what see if you
do it later what you know the back of
your shirt is Jomsom and she's got the
Olympics on her mind she's very sad that
Shaun Johnson wasn't in the Olympics
this year huh yeah they got only had the
16 gig and the 32 so we gotta go look
somewhere else
come on Haley wonder at Kingston
I guess I don't have all the cool music
I don't have what the kid cool kids the
one sorry
those are cables not either it goes
aren't kid cool no sorry kid cool kids
those are
music obsessed loves one direction
that's best lovers music yes he likes
one direction I don't know why I'm just
kidding
yeah she doesn't mary-kate is ah
Seth are you obsessed
you need a One Direction poster now
you're kicking Justin to the curb really
he's gone yeah oh no poor Justin do you
want Justin in your room
dude we already have this conversation
though all right she can have him
because we're going to fight at relaxed
place now we're going to try Costco to
see if they have it here hopefully they
do
you're next to Walmart okay so let's go
Oh what's wrong with them
sand that I don't know it Costco doesn't
even sell any kind of apples Thor
product products uh-huh gee
serega Lee goes over to follow you
coming Beth press
Chloe almost ran into that tree I mean
the bush I have one word for you Annie
no you do you have $19 yes you guys used
to before
how do you do you want to go to that
section the girl section we're in the
girls section is daylight who's one that
maybe likes Liam hey Liam how are you
your arse not mary-kate's he would move
on you does not come down you just knock
carousels
you're not peristyles I've heard that
doesn't even look like him I don't think
do you think it looks like him yo boss
that that looks like him
that doesn't Annie stop walking over now
you not clear my head she doesn't care
she's even like Liam litigates gonna be
nice you know hey we can't have would be
this is ages fine don't have to be fired
what that was pointing to the from
jokingly his name would you like vain
she doesn't like vain do you like any of
them please your favorite yeah awesome
because you like Justin yeah small God
vegan we're going to still burn
maybe she just said oh my gosh I'm
changing my mind cuz she just saw I
can't oh yes I can
20 lunch you just saw the salon there
hey what about your doll can have a bed
yes you found it yes she has enough for
both of them not together but which one
huh wait and if that was not the baby
she wants to set her American Girl doll
in here and style her hair did you see
that it comes with the blow dryer in the
brush although this brush isn't gonna
comb your doll's hair yeah
but I'm not gonna your hair yeah let's
not cut her hair with the scissors
because your doll gonna fit I gotcha
that's not really an American Girl doll
one yeah but I guess she'll fit on that
yeah sure yeah are you sure that's what
you want
yeah head I'd get I might be getting
that for my birthday or Christmas and
that's not the bet I want some Kim is
dead yeah hmm oh shoot that is so rad
know that thing that goes around early
just pick something I'm getting this
thanks 21l I got I told him where did
you get money from what what did you get
money for I got money for cleaning and
Kim giving gjp like five bucks isn't
really messy he paid you to clean his
room yeah I miss me Santa
whoa let's stop not mess me up your room
I work for money okay Cheers well I'm
not gonna mess up my room sighs zero
money
I'm personally no it's in my ear
yes fallout oh I hope that you don't
knock it out alright ready to get it set
up
yeah you sure yeah or do you want a kit
bag realitor cool no dually have you
ever held not even the one at the house
door I have not have never are you ready
nice going touched why are you ready get
it a little bit I'm that you get to hold
it without the case on it okay you ready
yes it's so fuzzy it's not fuzzy if you
want you know what I have two of you now
do nothing almost put the case on just
put the haze on let's turn it on and
sink it first see what we have to do
wait let me turn it on you know how to
turn it on no but you can figure it out
I win Hey
we're dorks
especially you what what what what the
what uh yeah nothing clean your room
first no no no bagger
okay go go start your room and I'll come
up and help you these and Japanese yeah
we'll fix it yeah what is it Hayley a
wick and wick I came in here and did you
see her name what's her name
Hayley hula but they spelled it wrong I
think they misprinted how she spells it
Hayley hula dance look ups and I drink
what pops in a drink and a hula skirt I
don't care we're opening vision while
making a list
focus on me focus on me all right Hayley
I gotta help Caleb well lookee okay
that's awesome
I've got to go help Caleb and before I
open Hayley hula you have to clean up
your room okay I will help you when it's
done
hurry up after this after these brief
little messages yeah sword I don't think
there's gonna be method of tact I don't
know would say well bye-bye xef my lamb
and I got this I love your glove you're
wearing I guess we're good like daddy
got me this club
uh-huh and it goes with your Halloween
costume it's not one you wore his daddy
got it after Halloween on sale right
what was a bat dress of that lace but
Batgirl dress yeah okay so you're sure
your room is clean should I go look
first or do you are you telling the
truth
I'm gonna go go and get you Kayla's
gonna go look all right what's the
verdict
Caleb I kind of clean yeah more than
wooden Hill so she made an attempt to
clean that but no seriously does she
make a good attempt it seemed very good
I stopped being so lazy I could go up
there and look what the heck I don't get
it your version is screever why do I
have to close my eyes when I look then I
won't be able to see I don't know so
it's a surprise I thought you meant so
that I didn't see how messy it was I
could just close my eyes guy how are you
like that idea how much stuff did you
give me Caleb's busy trying to get all
of his apps that he had put on the iPad
on the same iPod you guys so were in it
for it because um this is the last night
because tomorrow we're putting it all
the way and I had a let Hadrian before
it so we could sleep in it and we're
using the iPad as our TV and the TV that
we're watching TV you know what I mean
um we're watching either labrat so we're
taking it you don't know what you're
gonna watch up are you gonna sleep in
here all night Haley what's your prob
Bob I can make it Bob
why are you being so quiet yet because
she's sad cuz tomorrow
get down you're sad can you talk you can
I don't think I've ever seen you so oh
it's gone why did I knock it should've
just let it go right hopefully it won't
follow us yeah it keeps falling we have
to keep setting it up Oshin you not
allowed yeah how many times have you
been in knocked this thing over to show
you how to you can't let you to learn
there uh organized I organized ink my
ipod touch and then I'll also call me on
these on last week nope less young lat
yesterday's video you are yeah you're
taking over for me yeah sometimes you
guys do it but I'm usually the one doing
all the typing defendu tea what are you
doing which one it or you on I just
commented to love hug Kate how old is
Toshi and I it says more than I loved
how old is Toshi I says I'll just oh she
please refined love your vids mm-hmm
something so smiley face heart smile
aren't they spelt wrong so what did you
type I'm seven years old so this is my
case back the front
dish this is one dope site this is what
it looks like when you're playing it
open yeah
Beth day ever best day ever yeah you
look like you're posing for a picture
what are you doing
heart you're making heart what does that
do
you're squishing her head now she's
squishing mine I wonder if you guys are
gonna make it all night oh I'm gonna see
who ends up we have your iPad rule set
oh yeah see who ends up in my bed or
their own bed and not down here in the
morning
you think yo you think she doesn't even
know you were pointing at her she's
oblivious to everything that's going to
