today Albert Ayler my life ain't cool
nothing's in my stomach
I mean I do not have a baby in my skull
weary soul to rest
yeah I will try to do my best to keep
you safe inside this
to earth
it's more cloudy
everything
but summers go
turn the story cloud
good morning Annie take two you can't
take two on your real life is that what
it's called shimmer damn parrot this one
and hey if I leave the ferret cause it
costs everybody why my heylet's
screaming like a girl
no idea but you need to cut her nails
that's daddy's job no that's not your
job
what happened Caleb good all right so
we're sitting here waiting for Haley to
wake up so that we can possibly go to
the pool she went back to bed yeah
it's 11:30 she woke up and then she went
back to sleep
fine
it's not like they're you more Sponge
Bob pajamas once and didn't care you
don't remember when we were playing
Monopoly
those are good pajamas those are just
pants and a shirt
those ones you're wearing right now oh
my goodness we're playing
ring-around-the-rosy with a guinea pig
all right but anyway so we're sitting
here doozies ashes ashes we all fall
down
oh we're to go I am go for years
yes Haley wait stuff we are gonna go to
the pool there we are we may run out of
time because amy has danced today dance
dance a chance to date and if she
doesn't wake up soon then we're not
going able to go to the pool because
that won't leave us time to get to dance
because dance so they teach you like the
right way to do a turn and older you get
the folding those clothes aren't gonna
fold themselves especially with you
laying on them what you wanna talk to
talk to talk to you and they talk yeah
that's what you're doing you're talking
just to talk just to talk
to talk if you know something talk to
talk to you because they want to talk Oh
simple
oh I know right anything so don't ruin
the manners don't say who me yeah I'm
the only one here they're being
ultimately obnoxious he just exists that
way she's trying to sing the hokey-pokey
but she's epically failing Eddy Freddie
she's having a hard time you woke up on
the wrong side of the bed from your nap
all right are you ready for dance in the
gymnastics outfit yeah and you don't
have a dance outfit do you are you
excited yeah all right you ready do you
need me to carry you
I saw a little glimpse of a smile don't
Annie don't carry you sisterly love that
made you happy all right nothing like a
little bit of brothers and sisters to
make a little girl happy I said brother
and sister no you're the brother Caleb
yes no that's old are we early
you see them banding here you see him
dancing they do what do you guys have
Bester tumbling and a lot more we're
gonna go in a few minutes we're really
early ye the level sixes and sevens are
in there right now you're doing it again
yep and the fours and fives are doing it
together you have to show us the dance
later okay
don't forget it I just got back from
dance sounds so weird I'm loosing
tamasic so dance and I want to show you
show you my routine island and the song
that goes to my routine is one direction
no I did that backwards you don't know
you're beautiful by one direction
I'm not saying one direction by all
right nope you're insecure don't know
what for you're turning heads when you
walk through the door on it tell me make
it up to cover up no way everyone else
nobody else the way that you yeah you
bet your hair gets me overwhelmed but
when you when you smile so does around
oh that's ok it's kind of hard to do
when you're having to sing it huh the
lyrics to a song were you singing
yes you were that was good you helped
anyone she messed up
now you're doing a commercial for baby
bottle pop they picked you nerd hey
Haley
you have somebody said in the comments
that you needed a name for when your
hair was pulled up into a ponytail yeah
what'd you think your name I think they
said your name should be Paige yeah when
you pull your hair in a ponytail you
don't like that name it's a pretty name
but what eight what do you like what do
you think your names would be when you
have a ponytail what princess no you
don't like the name maybe what killing
Carrie
he thought he said Carrie okay can't
wait for Hayley carry or Kayleigh cheese
Kayleigh yeah you want your name to be
Kayleigh when you have your hand Hayley
do you want to put it in a ponytail now
and see yeah okay well give me a hair
band all right Eddie has one thing but
the way that we did it yesterday you
brushed it out you need to go brush it
it was frizzy yeah shit go brush it with
your brush and then come out here and
then I'll put it in a black
oh there's brushes all over the house
I'm sure you can find one
see rise
go find a brush we want to see um Kaylee
come out okay okay
Haley's leaves the ponytail is paint she
didn't like Paige so okay so if we're
gonna secretly call her page and she's
gonna thank her name ponytail girl name
is hey Haley but you like pay I like
Paige - what do you like you wanted to
be Kaitlyn well it's gonna be hot like
she's here yet she's gonna be Maddie for
a second because she's got to brush it
all out frizzy what are you doing you
stopped the lid I heard something fall
wrong I because her lid hitting the
chair the bench wasn't it something else
no matter water out on accident Haley
are you sure you don't like the name
page for when your hair is in a ponytail
you don't want it to be Paige you sure
Caleb and I really like Paige really
really really really good name what is
your kids remember it you can't
so we should do is page right no let's
not you're gonna do Kayleigh are you
doing you saying hailey you said Annie
smell and wrinkle pixie dust so no I
don't know try all right is it brushed
out yes all brush keep brushing he's
gonna ask the anything in house I'm you
gotta lick your finger first we're using
a Barbie brush
please country have some she asked and
she used the magic word all right let me
see your dog you just call Toshi a dork
all right what's your name you can't
remember your name that we need to do
page what what was it she hears you not
page what is it
hey Caleb wants everybody to vote for
Paige Paige you get the legs
who doesn't like Paige I do like Paige
what would do what do you want to vote
for peace
no not Prince you voted for Kaylee you
like Sarah no me I always think of
Stanley somebody has truly pan I always
think of Haley when she has curly hair
yeah you want to be Sarah the ponytail
girl Sarah not Kaylee Toni till now yeah
I remembered it I also saw you sneak my
drink sneak one sip I like her better
just kidding I like you all the same I
like you all the same which one do you
like the best
I like you all the same
you better be kidding you don't count I
like it but I like you the best
thanks but um no I'd like you all the
same you can't kind of I know that you
like me all the same sorry Charlie I
like do exactly the same for differently
I like you all the same because you're
funny and sweet and the best big brother
ever
I am I mean because you're right you
help clean you're very sweet and you're
a great big sister well you are one of a
kind miss hailey
and you're sweet and you're lovely and
you're hilarious you say some really
cool things in your life even when
you're grouchy I love you because you're
sweet and you're funny and you're nice
and you're cute what what word are you
looking at yes yes you have a great
sense of fashion what word are you
looking for me to choose for you oh
you're such a good cleaner and you
helped me when you unload the dishwasher
for me and that's a big girl that better
you're the best little sister in the
whole world big sister but she's you're
a good little sister right
yes you are big but you're not a big
sister because you don't have a little
sister a baby
we don't nothing's in my stomach
I do not have a baby in my stomach I do
not are you calling me back
yeah busted you're gonna have a video on
there forever with you calling me fries
yeah what do you not like being gone for
people not particularly all right clear
your plate no one even remembered to
clear their plates
yeah I guess my favorite kids in my
tummy
I'm kidding there's nobody in my tummy
first after I asked you gotta clear your
plate when you grow up you can have a
child as many children as you want when
you're big when you're a grown-up and
you're married and after college baby
the baby isn't you're coming the baby
boys and the mommy's tummy no it doesn't
hurt really when the baby is growing in
your tummy okay
great conversation but I'm ending it
right there
I just want to clear things up there's
not a baby no stomach she's just very
fluffy I just want to say that there is
a baby mommy you're fired
