today we crime would wear pink good
morning my friends it's another glorious
day of school I'm going to walk around
in circles and film you guys what are
you working on language Annie what you
working on
Celia you just finished since we've been
up for a little bit getting our day
started her story her story not his
story I'm sure you weren't the first
person in the whole entire world to make
it up but her story it's her story its
history and her story both of us both of
our genders can have stories I don't
even know if that's why as named history
but it sounds really good his story
that's it
we created a trend let's call it
herstory
all right so we're doing this for a
couple hours then we're going at least
we do it for school from 9:00 to noon or
9:00 to 1:00 I said they have to at
least go till noon but there may be days
we go till 1:00 we won't go past 1:00
unless there's like makeup stuff that
needs to be done but they've been
staying on track pretty well so after
some school and some lunch we are going
dress shopping because we have like a
little award show slash banquet to go to
hey what we're getting dressed up I'm
not saying it has to be a dress but have
an open mind that could be we're not
going to very many stores because we
don't have a lot of time so we're doing
that today with Nicole and Brooke
because they're going to the award and
we have another award
next week - yeah so I think we might be
I know so that's coming up - so I think
it's next week okay well we've got
something this weekend and I think next
week - so we might be double dipping so
stay tuned I'm getting them back on
track and we'll what are you doing after
school
cleaning please say cleaning class
organizing yeah yeah we kind of got a
little straightened yesterday and then
it kind of
we're gonna figure out letters really
this will be my side and this will be
representing that and it can be like
literally drink decorate is how we
wanted to be I created it could be
completely opposite we don't know yet
awesome anyways this is my guy that's
our side we don't know like we don't
know about the floor yet I can get you
another like nightstand type thing okay
I like we don't know who's gonna deploy
yeah but it's not like Haley can't be
over here like but you're gonna decorate
at your own alright like our own so then
like we clean what is ours it's not like
Haley you're on my side god I'm not like
that not like not like watch Josh he's
got a pencil in her hand or don't look
him out my window my brother and sister
used to do that to me cuz I would I was
the youngest and I sat in the middle and
they both had a window and they wouldn't
let me look out their window I know
alright come on we'll see you guys in a
little bit so they are now on to
organizing we did a lot of school today
or one what she's filling mine Apple no
I didn't yes she did your where did it
spilled you admit I didn't know where it
spilled
you picked it up you know all right
here's the before this is what they're
getting busy on here's the before no I'm
probably gonna forget the film though
after so I apologize but there it is
okay ready set
okay guys so we are done actually no I'm
done hey they didn't even do anything
literally nothing she actually messed up
more okay so we decided that over here
will be my wall
she hasn't cleaned up - and cleaned up a
shell and clean up but okay so this is
all Haley on the floor yeah anyways so
that was my my wall and I'm not hanging
like Polaroids and stuff and then this
is her wall she's going to hang like
some whatever she wants to hang
this is my side of the closet got some
jewelry that bag my shoes bathing suits
sweat shirts jackets shorts skirts this
is Haley's dope okay this is Haley's
it's not that bad but then over here I
have a bucket list thing it says fill
your bucket list with your dreams goals
and things you have to do and accomplish
during your life every day is a new day
and it's never too late to add your hi
to your list write them down and keep
them in your bucket list and then I'll
have a prayer box when your head starts
to worry and your mind just can't rest
but your prayers on a paper and let God
do the rest so there's that I have this
some rings this is my jaden ring so I've
got two I'm wearing this and when I go
to bed up with them on this thing then
I've got some cool putty stuff there's a
little unicorn in it I'm going to do
some Polaroids you ready man hang them
up on my wall you gotta go so we're
gonna go now outfit of the day right
here hold on oh wait I forgot to show
you the bathroom perfumes I just got
those at Francesca's that flower from
Hawaii the hand got me the brushes
makeup brushes I don't really use bobby
pins and rubber bands and that's it and
okay then I have makeup down here makeup
artists
stuff down there can you smell it yeah I
got actually I just got pretty much not
new like its new but it's not like away
I need to get my son and in my and my
backpack so like oh there's my filling
in the floor
Haley threat of sisters you gotta love
them backpack I feel like I should have
a vlog from my life one day just for one
day
wouldn't that be photographer for my
channel though no my family because
she's won't let me do anything for mine
you can I just can't take are you ready
I'm ready okay
I saw the tackle Mesa that's weird yeah
I know that's funny
okay so we're a little overwhelmed right
here Brooke how you doing she's doing
really well clearly we're overwhelmed
with all the choices we have there's a
few like different designers that we can
pick from and I'm so confused because I
just don't know what the kind of bitter
some of this stuff may not fit you what
would rhyme where this was Ryan would
wear pink Haley's gonna pick on a wrap
like you're getting married in here
Brooke hair Brooke this is really good
that's Ellie all the weird wait where's
the front where is it oh it's right here
you live here
is very Ellie Ellie I don't know if
Ellie good that's a lot want somebody to
try some of these on pretty color well
it would be altered and then unaltered
that's the term we just heard wait are
we stealing from a different rack than
they told us not stealing no it isn't
they said that rack works Haley that
actually could fit you if it had straps
does it have straps can you um tell me
go hang it up go hang it up we found a
few things there they go and it's just
become like an adjective
Ellie more Ellie yeah it needs to be
taken it's just it's not that big on you
it definitely would need to be altered
and Brookes working on a beautiful dress
okay next okay my friends
we got it
we Brooke found something Annie found
something we don't know if this is what
they're going to wear these are just
options we did we found so it's gonna be
altered but we really liked it so it's
red I don't think I showed it it's red
and it's really pretty
what's red her dress that we picked out
my dress yes wearing a red dress I'm
wearing a wet dress which we got to find
shoes wet shoes and wet nails and wet
hat and wet lipstick and wet eyeliner
dear vlog brushes saying bad words you
should all know that saying bad words is
bad and saying good words is good ruch
not the time yes like skipper dude
anyway right now we are on our way to
the car in funny story we've randomly
picked the same parking garage we didn't
Park in the building we decided to find
our own parking garage and randomly pick
the same one and why do I sense a wet
drop in on me I really hope that's right
anyways here it is Hayley hi my name's
hayley
she's in the bathroom night right now
it's time for the question of the day
and since we have such a long day annie
is so tired and she has too long a long
day tomorrow so I'm taking over the vlog
here we can oh so the question of the
day is what is your favorite math
subject are you serious I just add
master in that subject favorite subject
in school my favorite is not because I
just said it
math or social studies no math or
science it depends on the day or Spanish
I do like Spanish okay math or Spanish
another day so don't forget to call me
Bella
don't forget to comment down below cuz I
want to know that question of the day is
what is your favorite subject in school
yeah bye guys
remember to celebrate baby
thanks for watching
for tailee
