but your weary soul to rest yeah I will
try to do my best to keep you safe
inside
to her
it's more cloudy
everything
the stormy cloud
I'm not building okay and not Billy you
I'm not yes it was your idea no one it
can like Bertie Rondo but wanted on yeah
how about sharing your room my room
she's trying to say that she and me want
to share a room and right now we're
trying to plan it but mommy make perfect
overheat I had to go live with the name
I like my fur fur Miss Perfect over here
said that we don't have enough room for
a bed so how about we just share a bed
think I like that a lot
use your noggin oh that was just saying
hi
turn around
what are you doing is it fun no oh
there's the princess hey princess what's
going on with this stuff in your hair I
want to dye my hair when when daddy and
I were at Walmart earlier we got you
green they didn't have pink or purple
all they had was a green and orange so I
got another bottle
we did get ring pops okay I don't
remember what you say to me I said I
don't remember okay you have a bug on
you I think I got it no she really did
have a bug on her you need a little help
you need a little help with that
princess dress what are you doing pokkan
what color do you want
there's only orange popsicles left
orange is my favorite color
no that one I'm gonna get that one
yeah go hit
let's go Caleb let's go oh and I have to
go pick them up
how many to hit six
oh hey we've got golf clubs everybody
look out hey cover oh you don't like
that one you're putting it in upside
down can you flip it the other way mmm
you didn't flip it oh goodness
we need to go spray the off on us whoa
hey hit it that way turn come on this
side oh goodness
oh you get one don't go after it Caleb's
hitting the bat hitting with a bat over
there
one more good hit are you playing golf
serious batting lessons going on over
here
oh thanks just what I needed an orange
popsicle yum yum yum yum no okay but you
all have to spread out
nice hit
bend your knees strike pose that's your
golf stance you come in peace well don't
come near her swinging bad winner why
are you standing on a bat what's wrong
are they gummy sour and what is on your
finger you sugar and up before dinner I
didn't see that
yeah why are you screaming yeah why are
we eating sugar again the night or in
the evening on this beautiful beautiful
day ok let us out oh yeah
what color did you get what Terry no
okay Terry
how did you get watermelon what'd you
get a strawberry not Bill I would have
got Barry what was the other one cherry
blueberry yours a strawberry isn't it no
you're saying that cuz my not Lord
oh don't encourage him or copy him
there's a neighbor guy over there
watching you it's probably like who is
that loud kid
my ears hurt my brains rattling why did
you hit her I know I saw it
he's being goofy hey I can see you hey
do you guys know that on our last video
we said see you Monday and it was Monday
yes Hayley was supposed to say see you
Friday she said see you Monday and he
said and he said let's do this
Caleb says bye and I say see ya and
Haley says see um says Monday well that
was the wrong day it wasn't see Friday
was supposed to be see you Friday matter
is just a mistake it's all good it's all
good in the state Caleb the state you
live in state of mind confused on that
note I'm retiring the camera for the
night good night
oh good the important things in life I'm
good I'm so glad
even know what you just said we went in
the cold I heard that what were you
saying Haley yeah you said something
about in the pool and then something
happened you did you went pretty far
away from the side yeah did you go under
yeah and you got mad did you scream no
did you cry no that's you most of the
time well you're the only one that can
answer that question Haley I think it's
just the water dripping I hope you're
not peeing is that what you thought you
thought European you don't know the
difference between dripping in pain this
is mommy am i peeing or is it just
dripping or something like that what's
Andy doing over there she's being all
quiet just wrong Annie that's not a
blankie what is it right do you know
that a party going on over there Caleb
says a lot the kids sitting over there
on the lawn do you know any of them do
you know any other Manny
she may know him they may be her best
friend you don't know they're not you do
it what are their names
he's it
what's your best friend's name no you
don't know her name no is it a her or
him whole to her I mean your best
friend's a boy what's his name your best
friend's name is Caleb that's sweet and
Annie and me oh those are good friends
to have like Caleb yeah what is he doing
that yesterday being where where am i
I'm confused
yeah not what you were doing yesterday
I'm still doing it what show is it what
you stole it from a show no we never
have a show stealer whoa you almost fell
down and the chance that terrible's
eight you cuz you look like a yummy
little girl
nom-nom-nom-nom you're tired you want to
go home all right you got me
what are you doing
dani vasile let me see your seal
that doesn't sound like a field
caleb will try to sneak up on us recap
at Pacific and when I spied on me fell
found me
you want to try it
no fear so
you want to go over by the fares it's
time to load up and go home yeah you're
a baseball you we're not going to
baseball daddy and Caleb are going now
we're gonna go home what's wrong I like
your goggles did you use them today did
you go under the water to see what it
looked like with those on think you
didn't you're scared to go into the
water the big ones you have the best
goggles huh not any those are the best
kind
okay I can see where I'm like that in
the pool
yeah they probably wouldn't work very
well they know we're dying off you have
baseball nice your faith is really
swimming pool you need a swimming pool
that has a playground you're a little
picky about your swimming pools you get
what you get and you don't throw a fit
okay you get what you get and you don't
fit our okay give her a chance you get
what you get and you don't now Kayla
okay let's try it again you get what you
get and you don't know where you were
she was waiting because she was gonna
probably get up and smack you won okay
