but your weary soul to rest yeah I will
try to do my best to keep you safe
inside
to her
it's more cloudy
everything
the stormy cloud
what are you kidding that one inside the
home in the ranking gap and we're gonna
get this other one free Caleb Caleb and
Hailey because it's better to have two
they don't want to come out
is to guinea pigs because it'd be better
if we got to one for Caleb and Haley and
one for me so you got your guinea pig
it's in the box and it's shaking every
time we turn how is it breathing how are
they breathing okay that was nice of
them so are you taking your guinea pigs
home have you thought of some names are
you certain you're gonna name it that
are you still thinking okay what are you
thinking you might name it yours charlie
now are your are they girls or boys or a
girl and a boy what are they they're
both girls and you want to name yours
charlie and what color is yours all
right when we get home we'll we'll show
everybody do you excited so what we buy
like food and it came with like this
water bottle thing for the guinea pigs
to drink out of
and we bought a book if because if I
asked on anybody a question and they
don't know what you can see it on it in
the book that's awesome
are you excited do you think Caleb's
gonna be surprised cuz he doesn't even
know yeah I think he's gonna be
surprised he's over at a friend's house
we should probably call him and tell him
that we're coming home so he can that we
can go get him and tell him what we got
you're saying words it don't exist
here's the cage pretty big are you
excited
haha why are we laughing like that it
looks like a trampoline have you ever
seen a trampoline gymnastics you have
you jump on one every time the little
guinea pigs are staying right here right
now until we get there
till we get up set up is that the name
for sure you decided on the car ride in
your time charlie
we're gonna surprise hey love when he's
still at his friend's house no don't
open it yet
I know you're excited the cage is all
done so I'm pouring the dead any pigs
out Charlie okay and then get angel we
haven't really named angel yet scared
let me show you I'm gonna grab angel
grab angel you grab angel and then put
them close to you and just hold him
close to you like that for a second
alright go in your cage I can't get mine
yours has sharper claws no I'm just very
very good he's getting happy Hayley all
right I've got a teacher how to latch it
what I scared oh he's coming down or she
I keep calling him he hi Charlie Alan
like Charlie the brown ones Annie's did
that one yeah hailey do you want to hold
one
okay don't squeeze them okay be very
gentle
do you thought of a name yet what do you
think about angel I don't want to name
her angel yes this one's Charlie it's
mine what do you think about Brittany
pinky no
get it brittany pig-like bratayley
Virginie
oh it already likes you we've had a pat
her home for five minutes and she
already knows you wiggling squirming
swimming what kind of animal is that
Annie like what are these toys called
for real friends
it's a kitty are you up for a real
guinea pig for real friend here you want
to hold your fur real fries excited
surprise Annie's I mean Haley's not
happy cuz we we called it Kayla's guinea
pig and it's Caleb and Hayley's guinea
pig and we got to think of a name daddy
wants the name an angel oh it's a girl
we had to get girls yeah I guess she
likes Caleb better hold him hold her
close she's gonna get bigger she's just
a baby yeah is she bigger
Charlie bigger go get way bigger how can
you love something that you don't even
know what it is maybe secret agency yeah
g-force what's the name on g-force you
could think of a name of a guinea pig on
g-force what's the girl's name
what are you gonna name it I don't know
don't you something to pay them this is
Charlie what - Charlie boy
okay then take them back so she couldn't
know okay I might tell him how often
that you have to change the cage they're
cleaning the cage up one day and you
dude you got a helper what do you mean
Charlie hmm
you can think about it how about angel
Charlie's Angel yeah you like angel all
right
Charlie's so calm when you Horner Haley
must be still sad that we forgot to
include her on whose guinea pig it is
yes you guys have to stop doing that
doing what so he gets Caleb's Haley
thinks she needs a guinea pig - and she
does I guess we should have gotten three
guinea pigs three Brittany pigs Virginia
baked guinea pigs lick oh I have a
tongue and I don't lick him
her oh why do I keep drinking let me see
Oh Amy and her babies just like you
complaining they're shaken hello sick
girl a nice homesick school with the
sore throat today Haley's still sleeping
just his little claws were connected to
your blanket that's I his
oh sorry Charlie how's your throat it's
feeling better
he's so light he doesn't weigh much how
big do you think he's gonna get big no I
didn't say how old she was she's a baby
though I mean she's little I don't
either
why you just make up a date too close to
yours okay 36 much one before yours or
after yours before her birthday is gonna
be December 4th so is she gonna be a
year old on this number voice mm-hmm
sounds like a plan to me like yes okay
one time but I thought Carly out and
then she was right on here and I told
her today even I got to I got Angelou
and she was still there
I really she stayed you're a trained
guinea pig already
oh my goodness what nothin do you think
I should do angel yeah cook angel out
I'll watch Charlie on one at a time when
I'm not in here I'll watch you Charlie
yes I will no we did it put like a
little house ain't the hardest one to
get Travis like Charlie's easy to get
out you want me to try to get him get
her Oh door make a noise you stop baby
tickling oh are you scared are you
ticklish well that's good that his
heart's beating you guys are pretty cute
okay with a funny charlie
help me Charlie Charlie doesn't do it I
don't think Charlie's ticklish visit hi
I'm angel is bigger than Charlie you do
yeah alrighty we gotta put one up
because I'm going out of the room
oh poor angel have to go night-night
I think angels like
good night angel ah Charlie my single
don't you don't want him to hurt a
scotch in your mouth no no that would
hurt I already scratched you on your
chest all scratched up there
Ted a hurt oh okay oh okay come here
links the cat and guinea pigs don't mix
you have to get out links no links can't
see him until daddy gets home I'm gonna
make links get out links you have to
leave cuz we've got a guinea pig out of
the cage you can't come in Annie's room
no more links in Annie's room come on
come on Big Boy oh sorry links oh she
can come in here you breathe really loud
to Z like we have a zoo - who's that -
guinea pig in a cat in a dog
