but your weary soul to rest yeah I will
try to do my best to keep you safe
inside
to her
it's more cloudy
everything
the stormy cloud
oh goodness guys she did it again I was
getting ready to come into into her room
and do her hair so that we can go pick
the kids up from school and she fell
asleep she always likes fell asleep like
five minutes before we have to leave but
while I'm in here
I'll show you that she dressed herself
again today I hope she's kind of waking
up funny she hears me talking so let's
see what she picked out today she picked
up out her purple dress but over it she
added a pink shirt as we put on some
capris with it all by herself taking out
all her clothes from her closet so let's
see what her shirt says I think this is
very fitting of her says the toddler
laws of property if I like it it's mine
if it's in my hand
it's mine if I had it a little while ago
it's mine if it looks just like mine
then it's mine and if I think it's mine
it's mine which I believe is pretty
fitting for Haley so I guess she's not
gonna get her hair done before we go
pick the kids up from school I guess
it's gonna have to wait till we get home
but that's okay so I gotta drag her to
the car half asleep hopefully she won't
be too cranky okay I guess I'm bugging
her
be quiet Toshi she's sleeping
I guess we're disturbing her
yep pretty sure we just disturbed her
okay see in a few minutes
what's he doing you're too afraid to
afraid to what you're what you're afraid
of this movie the real movie you're
scared of well what movie are you
watching right now Shrek I don't know
what movie you're talking about that
you're scared of you got scared of a
movie you did
okay Liv was watching a movie and it
scared you oh is it raining today how do
you think the kids are gonna get wet
when they're standing out waiting for us
do you think you're gonna be mad do you
think they're gonna use their umbrellas
though yeah yeah I hope they use their
umbrellas what yeah he went back in the
house and I was umbrella this morning
and his violin we had to go back home
you were asleep in your seat when we had
to turn around do you remember going
back how you do your blankie was in your
lap yeah you can unbuckle cuz we're
stopped good we need to see your outfit
we were I looked at your outfit while
you were laying in your bed asleep but
we really couldn't see it pick that up
all by yourself
yeah I was gonna come do your hair do
you remember that how's it gonna comb
your hair but you were sleeping and now
you're awake yeah yeah yeah I didn't
comb your hair really yep anyway now you
just have Bed Head
bed when you wake up in the morning your
hair is crazy we didn't do your hair
this morning did we we didn't know we
didn't have to go anywhere oh why are
you yelling at me Kevin you're funny
you follow dumpy news nah my teller
window Dave zombies nice guy you candy
that was so not nice what was not nice
and wallet no that's mean they're right
bad words are not nice we don't know we
don't really say them but you pretend to
say bad words oh and that's okay
hmm what kind of bad words do you
pretend to say okay thought you're gonna
say a bad word I taught you how to what
D I taught you to sing yeah I did yeah
what did I teach you to sing that wasn't
yesterday and I didn't deep do that who
taught you to say in bad romance
you know I know to people who won an e
taught you and and the other one is not
really one person it's like three people
and it was the Chipettes from the movie
the chipmunks and they sing bad romance
in the movie what about that's what
makes you beautiful no you know three
songs well you were sure singing that
song yesterday with Annie well why the
you don't know what you're beautiful or
whatever it's called
oh is that what it's called yeah so you
know that one nice girl and you know now
you're just somebody that I used to know
yeah I go you do know what else do you
know
you know twinkle twinkle yeah you cuz
i eyeball and Annie's uber okay I can't
do that TV you can't use that oh you got
to close the other TV - oh you're gonna
wait for your brother and sister picked
out for Toshi what you only think that
he'll watch out for Toshi yeah what I
want you to step on her dang doll we
should get one oh you would tell her
sorry if you stepped on her your butter
Caleb's shoes no no ma I know just use
Annie's best friend Annie's best friend
shoes no she was just using him she
borrowed them what her shoes broke
yesterday at baseball so she borrowed
Caleb's SCU's so she didn't have to go
in the restaurant without shoes on let
me gain coaches no we did we went to go
have pizza I taste you did taste pizza I
can't you print them you tasted pretzels
I like oh yeah at the game you had a
pretzel but before the game you had we
had pizza yeah
you're gonna always like pizza when
you're four I love I love and I love
Kate okay yeah I love to eat but we're
gonna get fickle I'm knocking oh you're
really scared one here three the kids
are getting ready to come out No
I only dance cuz they're not quite out
yet but it's almost time okay wait out
here to Ethan and I go back or get ya
when you see them you have to get
buckled when you D Annie
I like be honest okay I'm sorry but I
just want to make sure I heard what you
said when you see Annie you're gonna
start talking Spanish yeah hey you do
okay well can you tell me yeah the pools
across the street okay
real quick I need you just talk Spanish
and show me how you do that that was
your Spanish yeah all right that was
pretty good Spanish yep you're crazy
you're a nut really yeah really crazy
really nutty that's what I'm saying
you're a little nutty a little bit crazy
little bit cuckoo what a copying you I
was doing that with my head yeah I
didn't even realize you wanna play Mario
Kart watching TV
baseball I'm not playing little because
I want to play Mario Kart
you're gonna play Mario Kart you can
jinx it pinched poked you owe me a coke
come here know about how it works
why are you guys walking around in
circles quit screaming at the top of
your lungs thank you love screaming okay
Hayley if you scream again stop
everybody freeze
everybody freeze Thank You Annie Thank
You Hayley holy if you keep screaming
you're going to your room
thank you I got my orange and black
mariokart stealing steering wheel and
he's got her evil eye and her white one
Hayley's got her nunchuck uh how you're
gonna play Mario chocolate that's right
cuz we are gonna beat you because we
have the steering wheels all right so
it's me and Annie against Caleb young
Inez came in hurt she's Percy Blair
she's second third and when the races
are over we'll be back to tell you who
wins which team mommy and Annie where
you're gonna go real fast okay okay
we're getting it all set up you're gonna
drive really fast with your nunchucks
yeah all right Annie it's me and you hi
we're gonna win right
I don't even know who I want to be I am
I'm gonna be Caleb Who am I usually I
haven't played this in forever Pete I
can't be Daisy I'll just be Pete or what
where's Rosalie now I can be her huh yes
Annie and I are blue team and Caleb and
Haley are wait who see me do you want to
be on yeah all right so we're all on the
blue team and Caleb stops away all right
here we go see you in a few minutes I've
every race boy yep our team's winning
like 112 to 107 we've got one more race
and he's picking Yoshi Falls it was her
choice all right here we go what
happened you didn't come in first
Caleb bail at the beginning and couldn't
recover and I got burst and his team
lost to us by two points oh they're
fighting over there yeah what is it
Thanks that's a face doesn't have an
ugly face
Toby faded it ugly he just looked like a
French Bulldog who's winning yeah what
are y'all playin man aah
you hit lightning to him you lightning
bolted him so what course is just a
lovely you're really cute when you play
this game you're walking what do you do
what did you find
you found my Mother's Day candy that
Annie gave me let me translate I'm mad
at you guys forever and I'm going to
scream at you guys forever why is she
mad at you
if you took the candy from ER you took
your own again
