let's get this show on the road
it's Monday morning Monday Monday
mornings it's Monday we've established
that and we all slept in a little later
than I wanted it's not like extremely
late it's like 8:30 I've said from the
beginning that our start time is no
later than 9:00 so for school that is
they have 30 minutes to get up and get
their teeth brushed and eat breakfast
that's the things that have to be done
before we start
Oh Monday's going pretty well so far so
good
Haley's finished Oh a lot of different
subjects because hers are shorter she
doesn't know how many through nothing
he's reading she doesn't know how to do
this curriculum yet that was about to be
really a badge it's about to get me and
major trouble someone what are you doing
I mean art like an art history no it's
just what an element it's like color and
texture I just wanted to draw that's
Annie's kind of art all right Haley I
didn't turn you guys were doing so well
until I turned the camera on so I'm
gonna turn the camera off to rein them
back in
because Haley was pretty focused all
morning hey everybody hey if she says
hey hey well now I just look weird
holding the camera where that are well
it's facing me like hey where's the mall
we're ready
Chipotle to mine and mine and Hayden's
favorite favorite place
oh I think I see um no he's hiding are
you here by yourself cool like hate in
any way but Haley Haley oh there they
are
we saw you on FaceTime today and your
hair looks good but looks even better in
person yeah it looks good on a scale of
one to ten how much do you like shopping
pending what tends love shopping just
you keep yeah yeah someone else is
paying so an awesome else is paying how
much Taylor shopping a lot an EMS Caleb
when I didn't have much seen same say
one for myself
yes shopping for yourself it's Honan
else's pain this is not going the way
play right because he loves the shop and
you don't and now you're really thinking
about you're like hey you always every
time I'm like let's go shopping you like
don't you love shopping she hardly ever
buys well she does buy her own
so he's buying some Cologne yeah you
guys like the smell say they they
definitely agree we smelled every bottle
in here that's right
links down below come to rock your hair
concert and smell it Annie do you need
to get some flirt perfume so you don't
stink you're in the wrong section nice
oh yeah you're gonna get punched
Bartles or bartels that's my Bartel how
about I asked her how did you laughs
Davis it's kind of that I notice her
these directions off and and route did
refill met them all
oh yeah the Cologne conversation or the
shopping uh yeah
was like and we all said if you're
paying I'm paying look if your opinion
do you like shopping oh yeah I was like
if I was paying no I will actually I do
enjoy if I'm like organizing something
something cuz if I get my mind wrapped
around something I don't like I just
have to go and get that like that thing
right then like I want to get my nails
done so bad don't look at them anyways
like tomorrow we're going shopping for
like this Bank whatever I'm like I'm not
really excited for that have a try on
some business I don't like dresses or
skirts actually I don't mind them but I
do like jeans and sweatpants way better
androids and Doritos and Doritos
fantastic okay guys I saw this shirt and
it was so - except it was an edit shirt
yeah mommy you can't crash my dreams
like that anyways Doritos this I'd like
to read Oh sweatpants and movies but I
feel like it should say doritos
sweatpants on chapstick but I also feel
like I'm joking like that bad but if you
like of an addiction of chapstick
Doritos and sweatpants and also ripped
like my car and also I just never ate
everything
so I know you thought your mini-me
kidnapped
so Jaden ring the Jade the Janney ring
got lost and he's dead
and we're gonna go buy a new one guys
that's really pretty I know which sighs
I don't know which one is not gonna fly
off that's what happened it blew up a
backup oh it went into events and we
couldn't get it back out that is so
sweet
yeah I got you what do you say I was
waiting for her to do it how long's it
been month it's right yeah three months
you know too long finally oh you don't
want to do the water massage okay do you
want to do the oxygen yeah all right so
two water massages and then she'll do it
three free oxygen
you sure okay you don't have to
that's fine if you don't want to sit
there all right well I feel like these
are stomping ground
that's what they said but I don't
believe it did you you didn't ask her
for real I don't know why they would
just bring us a cotton candy thing ever
it's gonna picture our boomerang oh my
god it's falling please be careful
please don't drop that we need it okay
Watson Vimeo is Annie's old nickname was
a random from an old friend who I need
to see cuz I haven't seen them in so
long if you guys know John G do a
American flag in the comments and honor
of John G old school for Cayley make
history
you wanna take the cotton candy the
girls are sitting in another booth
chatting and the moms over here chatting
oh well that is a good question question
there's this new mini monster thing down
the street where are you going
Oh cuz they weren't sitting over there
okay I don't remember what this place is
tall but is it mom
mini monster
and the corpora doing Instagram
so it's a little monster with a cotton
candy head it's like a strawberry
eliminated
you guys under here it's like a little
light bulb since it will show you and
Vikram though the cotton candy people do
you want to do a picture first Instagram
or anything that's what we do we've
decided it's Instagram or snapchat or
earthy but you're smashing it are you
gonna do a picture
meanwhile okay so the handshake and
dramatic goodbyes
oh maybe we part near each other
we're in Jurassic I think I don't know
what level but I'm definitely in
Jurassic I have it on my phone
but more importantly soon soon we're
gonna hang we're gonna hang we're here
for a while they the important things
before they say goodbye they want to
know when they see each other again
alright pursues Haley put your shoes on
bye J to me it was great me we're gonna
see you soon
I had to hug each other laugh
the new Janek
y'all they they have established that
their ship name is Janey
jy in an IE
see you soon it's not goodbye
right
I love you Haley she's got like a
front-row seat get your popcorn Haley I
miss you guys already hey guys right now
we are at the apartment and we are tired
very sleepy
thank you mommy for turning the other
light off on and it's time for the
question of the day so the question of
the day is what is your favorite hobby
what is your reasoning
what's a hobby like what do you like to
do I know what a hum crash mommy
drawling those are all crafts Madre can
you name some crafts if you mean hobbies
I mean playing with instruments playing
sports you guys know me or do you know
me it's really what we want to know
about you guys so please comment down
below
so comment down below Kuna no question
of the day is what is your favorite
hobby to do and yeah bye guys see you
tomorrow love you lots
always remember to celebrate life babe
bye
thanks for watching
tailee
