welcome to potatoes best a new video
series okay we will post videos about
how things work in subjects like science
math and history today we are going to
show you how to make an erupting volcano
no remember before you try this at home
get your parents permission first and
only do under their supervision these
are the things you'll need you read
baking soda food dyes a little cup
so vinegar right now but a lot of
thinking sooner
next you want me to build your own inner
out of clay which our dad already did
first you put your cup inside pocket put
two tablespoons of baking soda into the
cup
you add a couple quarts of dish soap
into the cup
next you add blue color into the babies
good job Hayley last you pour the
vinegar and wait until the volcano walk
rough so watch it
while I was crazy so are you wondering
how that worked
Kazu came up there's a cuticle reaction
between your vinegar and baking soda
which causes release of carbon dioxide
that's the same gas that you breathe out
oh there's no bubbles pill with those
assets until it overflows
and the food coloring dyes and almost in
there looks like love it so that's how
it works if you like to know how
something works just by commenting down
below on retaining news best
