are you ready what are you ready hey
only ready low price not surprised go
sit down
yeah - no sighs all right are you ready
they're sitting and ready for you okay
what's your weary soul to rest yeah I
will try to do my best to keep you safe
inside this test
you gravitate
it's more clear when it's more cloudy
every day but summers gonna cover the
store the cloud
okay this weekend we had a very busy one
because I had a me and Kayla had
Facebook we're not going to do the
suggestion of the shadow but we are
gonna do the the people who got the most
thumbs up so we are gonna go ahead and
give him shout out but we're not going
to give them just because we even have
time I have those two little miss lovely
x1 get rid of them but you say thanks
for the cone but there is good news my
gymnastics video is up right now the one
from this weekend so go check it out
links down below yeah sorry we don't
have time for the shout out video but we
will have our Friday videos ahead fine
one okay now get off my candy okay real
black Haley wanted to say something
since she thought everybody was
interrupting her and she wants to say
something now yeah okay what do you have
to say that was so important
oh yes everybody please follow me I
wanna let lit that look like that
everybody was bothering you and you want
a necklace like this yeah and then he
gave like this mm-hmm
Annie's friend made that for her yeah
I'm getting it okay that's great yeah is
that all you needed to say he all right
can you say goodbye
ah
