a weary soul to rest
yeah I will try to do my best to keep
you safe inside
to birth
it's more clear when it's more cloudy
every day
but summers gonna become a furnace
stormy clouds
everybody who entered our contest wish
we could put everybody as a winner but
you see here are the answers question
number one what is Kayla's middle name
if you have some Logan you are correct
question number two in one video and I
wear glasses and a wig if you test room
drawer your craft
number three what does he mean Eve her
princess that she draws what's the
answer
he said the answer is Lanka question
number four what do we call one over
three grandmas we call them mom daddy
and Auntie
if you answered any of those three you
are correct
number five what pokemon car is Caleb
excited to my answer is bless you you
sound like you sneezed so those are all
five of the questions and I hope you got
all of them right
what's your differences
