today I'm booty we maybe I don't like to
take photographs and anymore oh hey guys
I'm not sure what this is it's been
there for like a year my sure no oh I'm
not kidding it has yes it doesn't hurt
at all
like I don't know what it is
but anyways good morning everyone
right now we are filming on you phone
because if you didn't tune in to
yesterday's video you probably go watch
it now okay hopefully you guys are back
probably not good you probably just saw
me staring off into the distance and
didn't even to do it as that's okay I'll
just tell you right now so yesterday we
read Six Flags nope we were at Universal
very Universal over a Halloween Horror
Nights so it wasn't really like we're
paying attention a lot to the camera cuz
we were too busy paying attention that
we weren't being like scared today so we
were just walking you know casually this
person scared us you never know and we
come out of this maze and yes guys I
survived yeah let's like put that there
we lost all the photos you but all the
videos um somehow my mom like right as
we came out she was looking for the
camera
she doesn't like every five seconds of
her life his look for the camera shoes I
purse together films I'm buying her
whatever make sure the camera was there
there's heart of the camera and I was
like I don't know I'm gonna know I'm
getting all the way out of here like
we're gonna still in it but not all the
way so I was like come on let's get
outta here
and then
they're like okay we're gonna go back to
the maze look for it and though they
found this guy and yeah he couldn't he
went back through the maze find it but
they said once I turn the lights on they
might find it your destination on the
left hand side after 1/2 mile thank you
and like but we don't know it could
arrive in like three weeks
once Halloween Horror Nights is over
couldn't like slip under a buy more than
three weeks is it I've been pick I don't
even know what I lost and found
it's we think we would have heard the
camera dropped because it's a pretty
heavy camera with the pretty of you
tripod I don't know if we would have
heard it in like the haunted house park
is loud and it's like I bent over a few
times into your back screaming so yeah I
don't know if it got it take to token or
stolen US dollars because my purse was
open or it just fell out like the people
behind us there behind his fellow 20
minutes in the maze not really 20 I'm
exaggerating but we're going to Best Buy
to get another camera I was looking at
the time who I was like weird looking
back there so we're going to Best Buy to
get another camera so we have footage
for you guys instead of instead of the
lost footage that we completely lost all
day of yesterday all day all of it the
studio Annie's first haunted house lost
it gone I'm not mad
not at all ah if it wasn't for that
memory card I'd feel better right now
but we got what we needed
where'd you go away any and he laughed
at me
I am intimidated by being on the camera
by myself what's wrong
oh hello it's hard to film on my phone
and I'm a very excited to switch over
when we get to the studio we're gonna go
eat though
before we go cuz we're the studio for
like five or six hours today hopefully
some friends come visit us like they did
yesterday yesterday we had Haley rush
Hayden Brooke Dillon's I think Brooke
for sure and Hayden for sure well in
Haley they're bringing Haley back with
her Oh PS Haley spent the night with
Brooke and them because she didn't want
to go be scared out of her mind so
that's the update I'm very excited to
have a real camera back I will not get
over the memory card yeah that was like
I don't think I've ever lost a camera
I've misplaced cameras where I've had to
like we left it somewhere we go back and
we always end up ultimately getting up
back cross your fingers we could still
get it back hey guys brand new camera
here it actually looks like really clean
so I'm trying not to like mess it up but
it's going to get messed up so brand new
camera already told you guys what
happened sure looks like yeah I just
wanted to be the first film on it I am
any cheese it's now look who's in charge
ladies and gentlemen she's gonna mix
some tunes for us please don't really
touch anything you guys I don't know
what any of this means
so I could I'm probably not giving
anything away but I wouldn't know if I
was giving anything away that could be
very secret top secret stuff over there
so you're welcome
do you know what any of these buttons do
well this line is run yeah very good
reset my friend we're snacking over here
before we get started the gang's all
here
some of the gang's all here our hands
actually doing a later time because Oh
neat peek on a new song photograph I
think it Annie got the song photograph
yeah that's all you get
look I'm like I don't like to take
photographs anymore that's it
sign him I'll get me stuck and holler
away that one the photograph one y'all
stay tuned I don't have no one in here
this is gonna be out but next Tuesday
next Tuesday
no don't listen to him all right we have
walked down to this cute little coffee
shop look I got an e a box water cuz it
says box waters better want to try it
yeah us up of it yours is coming you
really ordered the Purple Rain
no I already paid but you can have a sit
nice and my life free life they're
giving away free life yeah Wow there is
something in there
they put my son a banana
today I'm filming the / talese vlogs
this is it Katie's on the other side for
the first time gonna like it
no war in the cottage I like this miss
holder like it I like it better than the
big tripod on the new bratayley filmer
but all right Katie got your uh 5 5
seconds of fame thanks bye my all you
look great Lighting's really good your
battery's about to die all right
you are one spoiled little cute boy look
what Asher did after is one of the
producers and he went and got rush a
dozen donuts you're gonna share it with
me though at least right yeah I mean I
might not want anything oh my gosh I'm
not hungry
so you might be in luck you already had
the babies and now there's nowhere to
escape them of course you will
Asher's gonna have like two or three
yeah it's gonna be a team effort I got
you some water
that was it take two if you guys
couldn't go forgot to vlog it I don't
know I just thought you needed some
water and they have the best water
yeah Wow it tastes good I tried it you
tasted my water you're boxed water all
right cool I gotta change the battery
and the it's an brand new battery oh
they're so you recorded in that you're
changing the key yeah you're warm and I
the water we're gonna try it going up
again she likes it higher so we're
learning and he liked the thing higher
rather than lower it's right now all
right well let's get it right definitely
get it right
that's a age going to engage wait let me
see it
Nicole let me speak are you crying oh my
god good just happen look Haley Haley
come here Brooke look at her face
where are you going she might be cry no
just crying here open it let me see
we're stuck in here wait stop hey
congratulations y'all are so cute
we miss you Paige
congratulations oh my god almost oh geez
we're eating bottles and logging blood
we're almost done and then we might I
think you know we might eat or something
hello bratayley then we step to the
Alaskan Outback where all of these wild
and dangerous collegiate wild and
dangerous creatures pull up to keep warm
in the
be some well it's not exactly jungle so
the treacherous recording studio ah this
wild little animal is trying to claw me
or pet my legs
softly Italy should be a professional
logger that was so cute thank you Katie
thank you we're taking a little break
I don't even know thank you
we're supposed to be recording but we
had to take a little break so that's
what happens there's a little sneak peek
of the song that's good we're not giving
anything away because no one can hear
the music in the background that's a
wrap on everybody for the day not a wrap
on all the songs cut work no one's done
but we're done for the day
we've wrapped for the day right rush oh
sorry I'm missing the helicopter it's
pretty impressive are you getting dizzy
now you can't stop oh I gave me a
headache alright so that's it here in
the studio for a little while peace out
Jimmy's talk about margaritas are you
gonna have margarita are you gonna have
a margarita do you want one too okay you
can have the salt it's longer that's not
sugar because that's the last thing you
need my girls have school too oh you
could we're talking about school oh I
just ran into that wall no one saw okay
so we're going to eat here it matches
matter without the hood and why
whatever that means okay guys so it's
time for question today how do you fall
asleep at night oh how do you like like
a radio like okay so what do you need to
fall asleep I personally love a loud fan
don't know why I like sleeping in the
cold with a loud fan and my blankie and
my there it is and then normally Haley's
watching videos so that lets me focus on
that too
so don't forget to comment down below
kun another question today is how do you
fall asleep okay bye guys you don't mind
against so much Russians video and yeah
yeah celebrate life love you guys
always remember to celebrate
thanks for watching
the tailee
