but your weary soul to rest yeah I will
try to do my best to keep you safe
inside
to her
it's more clear when it's more cloudy
but some Ray's gonna come back burn the
stormy cloud
hey buddy we just hit 1 million video
views and that's very exciting
thank you for watching anyways we
thought this could be a great time to do
another contest here's what I do ask you
5 questions that could be answered by
our videos you may even already know
some of them or you may have to go back
and find the answers here are the roll
roll number one you must be subscribed
to all of our channels a crow Anna a
lazy not was bleak and Lee you must
answer all five questions correctly and
make sure you do that go back and make
sure once you know all the answers send
them to us in a personal message
do not post your answers will where
people may see them because if you do if
you would be giving away the answer next
leave us a comment on this video saying
contest so we know you enter the address
follow the rules and answers all five
questions correctly will be entered in
the random drawing the contest for
Monday February 20 2012 eaters with you
we would subscribe to you from all three
of our channels we will put you in North
featured box from Bert a week for three
months you're gonna be locked in a box
yeah it's a doesn't have candy in it
will give you a shot and we will sky
gives you but you must have it bears
rehearsing all right
questions question number one don't
don't do dumb don't know why not
question number two what the right video
is any wearing glasses no hint this is
not a video from sevenawesomekids
what does he named a princess she's
wrong
question number what do we call one over
three grandmas question number five what
pokemon card was caleb excited to buy
with his christmas money okay the
contest starts right now
oh you tell you called what are you
saying backwards what was the first one
you said good good so it's cold all
right
