but you weary soul to rest
yeah I will try to do my best
the gravity
it's more clear when it's more cloudy
every day
but summer is gone
earn the stormy cloud
the shadow goes to forever makeup oh boy
she suggested that we do a house whore
go check her channel out teleport Amy
sent you
okay when you walk in the door first
thing you'll see if you turn right you
will see a product as you open it it's a
jacket content see shoes this right here
these are Hayley's and Kayla by on the
very very back I don't know why and this
is Kenneth vile is that you wrote that
school so that's a jacket posit now
we're gonna be at the fridge it's in the
kitchen so well we haven't good fridges
yeah my hair is funny yet yellow
rigatoni and sauce your pizza really
high yo and apples and you set an empty
juice pack gel and take slightly empty
no ow
you guys need to go to the store we
don't have any money
and you don't want that I said geez
the freezer and many pancakes
um the rolls pizza roller like these how
to pockets are this big and they have
pizza stuffing something they're very
unhappy thirteen okay can you have this
yeah like five-year-old frozen corn dog
oh I think it um we haven't lived here
for five years whatever yeah they are
toaster strudels sweet delight oh but I
can feel these intelligence noodles
 college stink ready okay
moving on to the pantry which is also in
the kitchen is it silly good foods like
the fridge there are bust right Gemma
there are guys are hot hot they're gonna
talk but maybe a goldfish your bread to
make a man your back scratcher we would
poison a little bit okay and we need
more syrup because you forgot to get to
half the store okay moving on yeah when
you walk in front that this way you can
see a bar which you all notice when you
these are the practice chair breakfast
no work best for you we always bother
mommy to Mars bunker balmy day my mom's
desk this is a computer and a desk on
way and this is a million dollar bill
which this is a million dollars oh but I
am over tonight or not I hope it's all
fake you won't get it to it yeah yeah to
me and she has sharpies that she's
trying not containing after you get done
in the desk there's a table and you
can't go that's pretty much gone and
there's salt and pepper I sit over there
and this is right here sometimes and hey
Bailey sit right here mom
our moms and our dads is right there
laughter we can't walk in and see this
ball and you see like a phallic thing
cuz I'm in gymnastics if you didn't
notice all those videos I could I'm good
at this and then the cheese man over
here is like a bookshelf of mom's book
right here
pictures candles over here you you just
go over here
and killed damn this is a living room
over here did you find yes see like a
coffee tear
Cantara oh you light it up hurry there's
a way out and there's a picture of me
and hate me when she was a little baby
it's a likely midnight respond this is
the TV but you have the Wii in it yours
that we remote these are the Wii games
like we can play them on here we could
play all beat on there one of the games
are called Mario Kart but you see Kim
applying all the time um the other one
is called
I spot which is my day my love it I
don't want to play that often and the
last one that I'm going to show you is
called Mario's super sluggers this over
here is when you open it up it's legit
closet it had blanket and over there has
games and then when you walk around over
here it has puzzles if you get turn when
you walk through here and you didn't
turn you'll see over here this is really
steep let's shake it and then jump up
here I don't know how we can jump that
high and he starts eating - what else is
playing blinks in speed it's on the
bottom either like our coloring books
and our colors and in here are more and
then over
this is the larger room how'd you sleep
tight yeah the laundry room has baskets
these are the dark the light and the
white that's when we put the dirty
clothes so this is what it like the
dirty put the dirty clothes in there and
then our mom washes and them here and
then just a bit windows here and then go
to up to in our room so after that if
you just turn over here you can see a
bath this is a guest bath except a
reason why this closet you can't open it
cause it lot stuff I don't know what's
in here actually I don't remember it all
the James er it's like the hot water
heater and stuff so cos from the
bathroom is this closet it's the back of
the closet we have two vacuums
one's a carpet cleaner and one's a
regular vacuum okay I think that's
enough announcers wife deals okay when
you walk up the stairs you see all the
room in the bathroom my mom's room hey
we grew my brother's room in my room and
last but not least the bathroom so
what's in the bathroom is a bath kind of
ties it back through get that Wow so in
here is full house and band-aids and
medicine this is a funny all right this
is a sink um we brush our teeth in here
like this is like a bum monkey bathroom
monkey monkey monkey monkey
Dunkleman don't even have monkey toilet
paper what if they do have yes
what so I'm gonna sing is your these are
the hair stuff that she used for my hair
this really has glue in it seriously
oh this is kind of like for meat to keep
your hair back very very so for girls do
you want me to put this in your hair
over here all of our bedrooms but we're
not going to show you them because we
already showed you them on our room tour
video so you can check that video here's
the link click the cream soda
yeah when you want packs daily room
there's a hole right here it's our mom
in our dad's room you just follow this
hat use that so we're else and our mom
and dad room and um like a chair for my
dad Toshi sits on there alot so after
you walk in there and then back to
downstairs yo if you come back down this
way lead you back to the down stick so
that's about all of our house and we
showed you everything so just don't
forget so just don't forget to click on
the creams of it to see the room doors
now Caleb a surcharge is how I talk all
through that what should we do for next
week's shout out video comment down
below see you next Friday
