you
this sweet start goes - I love you
sometimes she suggested that we share
with you what we want for Christmas
so what I want for Christmas this year
is a different maker more or because I
already have and a lockable it's a
LITTLEST PET SHOP lockable and when you
press this little button it locks and I
want to buy an American Girl doll an
American Girl doll clothes hmm maybe a
coloring and new crayons and paper cups
that hailey is not gonna get and I like
you Becky and one last thing I think all
the children in the world to get more
than one the presence I hope no little
boys or girls will go without a present
this year
the new Diary of a Wimpy Kid Cudi called
the coffee cabin something yeah it's
light blue okay I'm not really sure it's
called verse Skylanders the new video
game on xbox
pokemon cards so I already got the iPod
so I want the alarm clock radio to put
on it
by playing on you music and Thank You
mr. wall again I don't know you want
what did you see on TV or this toy store
that you wanted I want a baby girl I
want them to last my baby that I got to
the point ESCO I want pendo Jess oh I
will contain sweetie for you and Becky
cooking medium player I want all the
cookies
I want such daddy patty and this double
people picking gala yeah oh the door
kitchen yes you don't look kitchen I
want makeup you you do it on you face
that is only hon jacket
can we have a jacket yes he who paints a
wall trend but the demo come Kundera
present h2s designer
what's the bad guy's name who steals the
present man oh he's he's a ditch is a
grim yes he can't do oh he's gonna take
our presents away are you gonna be happy
or sad when he takes your presents away
yeah well he'd give the presents back
yes yeah a congratulations
oh is this a chance
if he knife no he did back in cakes I'll
present back
