happy Saturday
I have 1414 grades of school and her
finish date is July 8th yay I'm so
excited we figured out like if we can
stay on track she'll be done by July 8th
and I think you're gonna be done a
little closer to August would be my
guess if we keep going we have really
cracked down on these days off and we've
got a plan and goals to do every day and
Haley's doing math on a napkin or a
paper towel because she didn't know
where a notebook was and not a pencil so
she's doing some math she's doing some
science I'm still learning about
producers you've already done two a week
in two subjects right so the goal is to
get so yesterday she did I think we
already said this a lot he did more than
a week in four subjects so she I mean
one day we are like we're moving all we
did all she did with school she filmed
she's off today she's counting in her
head she's motivated because she wanted
to take a break into pictures for
Instagram and I said nope no break cuz
that's usually what I say I'll be like
okay you can take Oh business the truth
don't listen to that rattling in her
head going on usually I would say okay
you can take a break and take pictures
and then we'd never get back to the rest
of it so this time I said nope
finish the bowl yes well so therefore
we're moving along by the time they go
back to set next week we have a few days
off by the time they go back to set next
week they're gonna be so far along okay
I'm gonna stop blogging so that they can
get back to school what's up everyone I
put away my laundry edited some pictures
for Instagram
so yeah I'm we're pretty much ready to
do become already we are dyeing Easter
eggs today because it is tomorrow's
Easter so we're about to do that let's
go
dye Easter eggs what Haley and her noon
you want to die Easter eggs yeah let's
do you were yeah well let's do it what's
up we have still not dyed Easter eggs
we're about to Haley's watching Alex and
Katie we're both watching lux Katie on
Netflix we're about to do Easter eggs
tomorrow's Easter I just posted
something on Instagram also change my
profile picture
just watching Ashton law I have I ooh
okay so did I posted and then oh yeah
and I've got a part two of those because
I took more home I'm on more so yeah
we're gonna get back to watching Alex
and Katie I just so not just finished
but now I'm gonna watch minions mommy
and Annie are taking pictures outside
and because I'm tired and we're gonna
make it wait should I say that as the
price we're gonna do that as the price
we're gonna do something I don't know if
we've already enough right
one two three five six seven eight nine
No
so then I think a couple these are a
little cracked these boil hard-boiled so
Annie if this is yours
we just don't let's take the three that
are cracked out okay I know we're not
the only one with this tradition but
we're about to die some Easter eggs how
it is follow the directions that you
probably just ripped no you're good
you did rip but I think this I like to
call me like color okay
the tablets are kind of hard to yeah but
you can share so what's going on with
your hair
mr. what your hair and you got dinner on
your chin do sauce not salad salads it
is good though
okay so I'm like trying to figure out i
got an onion in my onion cellar or i
know it's hard to tell if you get it
wrong this is blue wait there it's so
hard to tell trust me I do this every
year and every year I get it wrong
they're not really pink this one is
probably this one I feel like this one's
yellow one of this that look really Ord
okay so let's go there so that one's
probably yellow and then this is
probably no no these are such disagree I
would say these and stuff doesn't matter
once you yeah I don't know I think we
got them wrong I don't know
no I don't know well you'll find out you
just might have green and blue and blue
and green and all right so it says add
vinegar to the first line and then what
kind of water like warm water or just
whoa room-temperature water so fill all
those up and then we'll put room to not
your water no there's a line yeah first
of all it's inside wait where is it you
see that too oh my gosh my eyes what are
you looking for you don't need a
measuring cup pour here hold
I'll open it for you I think it's a
little better mommy Wow look at your
face right when you go oh I'm gonna get
room-temperature water don't mess up
Annie Annie we're not the first line
yeah
really oh I'm doing I mean no you can't
know why but she is so funny kid try
next year we're gonna have it all wrong
I'm getting it room temperature because
I don't want it to be cold
you can do it did we really or that
yellow it's okay it's a little bit just
make it interesting
drink some do you like to taste the
vinegar yeah all right now come over
here and get water in them
please stepping in crumbs Oh wonderful
I'll get all of us all right guys we'll
be back when they're full in on the eggs
how can we just show them the eggs when
we're done this is the before all right
I'll get some of the process all right
let that Easter egg dyeing begin
and be careful because you're gonna like
really swish it wait don't you like take
the things off to eat it yep and then
you eat it and then it's a hard-boiled
egg don't you like take this raise your
hand if you know what Haley is talking
about right now yeah I told you if you
swish it so much it's gonna come apart
you that was rotten right you know
there's T's in the word rotten rotten
Zac I do actually I thought it was
silent thank you
so the girls have been singing along to
music so you guys have to comment down
below what songs they were singing
alright so we are done
yeah okay this is my home so this is
galaxy cause she named just now like
right now she's making the names up here
this is Neptune
this is unnamed unnamed well that does
look like a sunset that's a great name
this is Pinkie Pie mmm that's original
this is thank you very good
modern I call her some of the green ones
so you got three bar okay
this is an egg it looks like not even
close it's so much darker pixels yeah
now this says Eastern so literally crazy
this one's a flower yeah that's got
little designs on it this one's got
triangles on it this one it's got
another flower this happen hasn't dried
yet I'm gonna put that one back
this one's called splatter paint
splatter paint barely see it on the
camera
this one's called birthday cake
this one is egg it's a rainbow that was
about to be crashed this one's another
egg this one is another lame-o gate
watering and this one I just got bored
he wanted to draw like alright the last
contestant of the day is the last one
who's nap today who's that Tyga Danny
yeah no I haven't looked at no that's
cheating
you always say you know who it is well I
already got it
I don't know is that in there was a long
lost egg
okay you guys so it's time to clean up
this mess and it's time to end this
video unwrap what things you can eat one
does not call her anybody okay so the
question of the day was what we said
earlier what were the songs that Annie
were Annie and Haley were singing along
to when they were dyeing Easter eggs and
we will see you tomorrow on Easter yeah
easy no no no cuz the last one remember
you really cracked it okay say goodbye
Haley goodbye see you guys tomorrow see
you tomorrow bye bye bonus footage so
mean Haley because it's a holiday we
always make a holiday tomorrow like we
always make a for another night before
all right here it is you see this it's
dark in here
this is our fort this is the floor with
the lights on this is with all yeah and
then like this is our little supplies
you've got like snacks and water oh we
need make a wipes out what thoughts what
we forgot to celebrate
the baby
thanks for watching
Britt Ailey
