and we're here and are they asleep now
well not anymore please all right we'll
catch you later
boarding it's cold in here
but we're so close to a nap I can feel
it except I wish it was really warm and
hearing us like you burden we're numb
but you're looking feel anything
actually a good point Haley good point
we're dramatic
the board okay guys this is where we get
our blankets out and go to sleep so
we're all gonna try to take a nap but
we'll give you an update when we can
good night see you in half a second
feels like morning
would be like morning she slept the
whole ride she slept most of the ride I
slept
well she's up the least I slept a second
most
ready to take on the day
Oh in the bed
we're ready to party yeah we just want
to get in the bed and watch HGTV and now
we wait
I feel like this is not our flight
because there's no one over here but I
don't know what all these bags are
there's hardly anybody well there are
never mind that other belt like there
were so many people and these bags got
out here fast so I'm still not convinced
these are our bags yeah from our flight
the dreadful did our bags to make it or
did they not usually on a direct flight
there's usually not a mix-up so I'm
hopeful now we're in business you guys
now I feel better they weren't coming
out yeah those were just old back we had
that suitcase - I've seen two new
associates that we used to have this is
why you don't put anything crazy in your
bag because look at it it's a little
violent coming down here
it's heavy it was to count with two
pounds over now he's got to wait on your
equipment yeah she didn't charge me
though she just told me I don't know
sometimes the equipment does not come
down here sometimes it does
we gotta find oversize okay thanks you
guys hold down the fort good news all
bags are accounted for
Starbucks
ready start are you ready
we ready for Charlotte me again
wait a minute is 10 minutes away ratings
are bad we're gonna get Starbucks let's
put on my gum oh yeah oh I'm gonna get a
big drink what are you gonna get
so let's do it
I am ready to go in there I'm willing to
say right now that I'm pretty sure that
bed is more comfortable than the one at
home that doesn't mean I'm moving here
because of my bed don't worry didn't do
it I'm just saying I think I did better
at that selection so we literally just
walked in and we're happy to be off the
plane Andy's going to bed it's been a
long morning is it great I want to do
that I want to do that too it's like a
cloud will see you a little bit I know
I'm glad we got it perfect I'm not
getting up okay well there you have it
guys when you come back to the apartment
with packages they sent her a free
window do you think it was just to send
a free one or do you think it's like a
buy three get one free and it could've
been me it could have been some sort of
deal I just got back from checking the
mail and Annie's phone cases that you
guys suggested she asked for phone case
suggestions and you guys somebody told
me about these cases a couple weeks ago
and then you person says hello Annie I
just take a second thank you for your
recent while wildflower keys or it means
a lot to me that you love our cases if
you have any questions or if you there
is anything else I can help you with
please reply to this email thank you
again and have an amazing day so you
ordered three new that one just sent a
set that's cool I wonder if it was like
some court sort of you know yeah dude I
put them all on and see welcome to the
fam so these are soaps yeah
like that yellow one the colors are
really good me any stickers or stickers
don't that face when I was little I had
a sticker but I have no idea I just woke
up from a nap though did you ever fall
asleep no no I wrote in a journal you
did
well yeah let me read it nope so it's a
diary you need Windex or a shirt all
right that's what Annie's doing let's go
see what Hayley is doing that's what
Hayley's doing we are just having this
wonderful did you fall asleep first of
all yes a nice relaxing day and then
tomorrow we have a little project we're
working on half the day and then maybe
we'll go to the pool if the weather well
it's hot chilly I don't know I you been
outside and the Sun it's good I don't
know well just let's just play it by ear
it was my voice still sounding in yucky
hor horrible thank you thank you yes
thank you what everybody wants to hear
okay enjoy getting on the couch yeah no
blanket on hey um y'all get him on hey
guess what
what boy I just filmed a makeup video
Callie and I was being loud yes she was
she's like limp the microwave I said
what you doing I'm not playing microwave
I was trying to fix myself but it's like
you're saying go and just press a button
you're like beep just try
go in between you talking um so yeah
beat that we'll try to put that up since
I'm gonna watch a movie we're gonna
watch a movie don't know what season
goodbye does that noise well we got what
are these called again
I saw you boys okay we got those you're
welcome
we gotta go grocery shopping but we just
didn't feel like doing that today so we
ordered some acai bowls something a
little different right all right I don't
know if these are gonna fill us up for
dinner that it's just a dinner is this
supposed to be like a dinner the
breakfast so we're having a breakfast
for dinner all right we just want to
give you an update we watched paul blart
mall cop
and we laughed and we relaxed and that
is your minute li update because I've
been filming for a minute to continue a
relaxing day and he's gonna jump in this
bathtub I mean I don't know why that's
there and Annie's gonna jump I'm gonna
jump in the other bathtub and it's gonna
be bath time are you gonna take a bath
tonight too or you just waiting to
shower in the morning you're showering
in the morning or tonight ah no one's
showered today yet well you know take a
bath in the morning or tonight we're
kind of getting all this ready and
worked out because there's only two
bathrooms we got to figure out when
everybody showers
did you think it my bathroom all right
bubble back you don't know this this
safes been pretty good as far as not
having to be anywhere it started off
really rough because everybody was so
tired but we really haven't done much so
it's been good you didn't find it
alright this is back number two could
you guys tell that my bathroom is
cleaner than theirs I love her
and she comes into my bathroom all the
time
no razor well I got just ankles a little
weird down here so like here let me go
laughs that know better
um going to my Explorer page and I'm
saying means each person says why does
the Sun come out during the day not at
night when we actually need the light
all right you guys day has come to an
end it has time to get in bed I've got a
couple frogs in my throat I remember
when Haley
excuse me when Haley was little she
literally thought there was frogs and
her throat it's almost 10:00 I want
these girls to get in bed mainly me so
that's mainly while we're going to bed
why we're going to bed so that I can go
to bed maybe I can get over all this
like stuffiness or whatever it is the
question of the day is would you do you
prefer a bath or a shower
Haley's definitely a bath girl I'm a
shower as well but everyone's well I do
like to go soak in the tub like a couple
times a week but for my everyday I want
to jump in the shower and get up yeah so
what do you guys think comment down
below cuz we want to know of the day
yeah some fan gave it let me show it
could I get it's a savage and then on
the back I think it says I'm seven man
gave it to us at a rock your hair
concert and Nicole was so funny because
she was like oh we used the word savage
and so they made you guys our shirt and
I'm like yeah but I think it also has to
do with Caleb played for savage and
she's like what I didn't know that she
just thought it was like the words that
they used a lot it is it's it's both
it's both
so anyway shout out to the fan who gave
us seize it that's this shirt it's very
comfortable sausage we will see y'all
tomorrow
what the craziness of LA begin whoa
celebrate baby
thanks for watching
Vitaliy
