okay what are you doing Annie thinking
I'm drinking this shelf I used to pay
for your brother when he was a baby did
you know that yeah you know where we're
gonna put the shelf clear just paint on
it for fun yeah okay what does it look
like it with match yeah so it's funny
for phase room what are you doing now so
what kind of homework is us what I have
to do now to check cam right okay I'll
open it in a second okay ah I didn't say
hey Peter
yeah Korona win no and I know it's a
skate that double no you skipped fun see
mm-hmm
no another w1i gosh wait no what
tell me think I don't know I didn't
leave my help but this time let me see
let me check her I'll uncheck it mm-hmm
and I spilled me oh boy oh my gosh
da let's do it all I store our let's
check your spelling she had nothing all
our store our while we didn't see the
lose has oh right with what with like do
something gonna do something yes yes I
got hang but you gave yourself a smiling
excuse me caught a fly something to do
hi are you gonna go start your homework
yes what are you doing
CJ are you doing
you brat we do nothing yeah but right
you could do he said you're a cool dude
he's called your brat and then said oh
wait no you're not a brat you're a cool
dude are you a cool dude yeah I
yes a busy trap doctor busy doing what
dad oh you're busy doing nothing
I had call you dog what yeah no costume
oh why can't I play I should bloom no I
made something elsea this looks like
kind of boring you're all too big
I am NOT of that person okay this is a
guesser than me and I real milk instead
looks good and it matches her bed see
purple room this is everything and she
ripped my $2.00 bill oh no oh yes
you don't know her yeah she put all of
them I'm dollars in my piggy bank and I
got all of the mountains for my photo
though she looked I too tall about my
hero I am gonna show you my plant it has
been growing good I got my eyes on you
here's my planet I made at school every
year on Halloween IRA grandma gives us
this oh okay oh there's some candies
whatever this is peanuts peanuts that's
all not a soul mmm where's that Haley oh
my cookie a ghost that looks like a
cookie or a cookie that looks like a
ghost
chocolate yumminess
what's wrong she sat mad because Toshiba
treated young keep it she ate your
chocolate yummy no when I will peanut
almond you will get me lick over here we
have we did share with you what we
shared with you no I want I want I want
y'all you wit when we pick to wait doc
OH
when it gets dark you want to share you
want to share the popcorn you want to
share the Halloween you want to share
the Halloween snacks okay okay let's
share no yeah when let me get to get on
that chick to the what got oh the dark
section yeah when we go
trick-or-treating yeah yeah yeah yeah so
we're gonna go um so we're gonna go
trick-or-treating Shh are you gonna get
lots of candy well we can't go now cuz
today is Thursday
and Halloween is win Monday well how do
you go trick-or-treating you gay check
the key and then what you get ganked to
well why do you say thank you what do
they give you candy
yeah hey
yes this is what I'm gonna say Trick or
Treat smell my feet
yes something gives you if you took I
don't care I have to shoot on enter why
don't you say that and do would you like
to trick them or let them hat you had
treats oh I don't want I don't want to
treat Maria what class you got you doing
here oh I'm gonna wear I don't know I
don't have a car mommy
tonight it's hot or something careful I
spy the noise yeah it's hot that really
is hot oh hey let me see your game what
is it
sliding over where we're going Anthony
clearly wants to go eat Mexican food
I have tequila because that's just Haley
won't see what okay where do you want to
eat oh oh no oh no this is really
staying I am go what do you want to eat
that was just so weird I'll go happy I
don't want to eat anything
Holly start yes here's your two choices
Mexican or good food all right so we got
one vote for good food
we got Annie voting for Mexican yeah
Kayla what are you vote for nice get a
good thing
no huh that's a dinner good food execute
another boat from Mexico Jaime it's as
I'm driving my votes the only one that
counts that I've forgiven and what good
food not action but I vote for Mexican
do yes driving Haley that is being mean
that that is being mean to me I did was
spanked his booty trailing weird thank
you and Daddy sitting mean I tried honey
I tried I mean I tried a Mexican Russia
a long walk home
no no it's time to go to bed we had a
rough day like I was saying it's time to
go to that but it just turned seven
o'clock
like I was saying it's any yard all
right take a night good night
