one two three wait that was weird
stupid clone
anyways that's the shout-out video this
shuttle goes to X so juicy fruit XL go
check our channel out and tell her
betray me sent you
she suggested that we do a hunt house
but we can't because it might be too
dark house we're gonna work on it and
try to figure out how I know a lot of
you wanted to see us do a haunted house
so we promise we'll try to figure
something out and when we do oops cakes
but we're really going to have a lot of
empty for this suggestion it's an
awesome suggested it was an awesome one
what should we do for next week's shout
out video well we might have a lot more
videos that we usually do it like two a
week and that's good for something yeah
because our daddy's trying to figure out
how to do a green screen a green screen
like that
he's just practicing so you might upload
as he's practicing and she's gonna be
gone bye see you next time
you
