oh okay well no pressure girls I heard
giggling what's all the giggling about
because that's eight on the other coast
which means you're gonna go to bed again
early tonight we went to bed early last
night
after that 9:30 is pretty early
considering how late we go to sleep when
we're on our regular well a 10 11 12 I
know
Midnight's late today it's already today
kind of it wasn't here all right so it's
breakfast time and school time I hope
cross your fingers that there's no
they're not breakfast fixed you I don't
have like like eggs and all that there
might be some oh I'm gonna tickle you
we better hurry up and get chicken oh
now then head that would happen elision
her head how'd it taste pretty good it's
alright yeah good we cooked a little
longer
probably I'm so excited that Haley's got
her books and she can start school and
we cannot be behind touching me he's not
touching you Wow I am turning the camera
off it's time to go get come it's time
to go get breakfast
breakfast why are you always touching me
not like kiss me now you're just making
me look bad on purpose and that's not
even true
uh excuse me fix this now you and I have
never fed you rice krispies treats for
breakfast I beg you I bet you dessert
for breakfast once like a video like
we've done ice cream for breakfast one
rice krispie treats for breakfast never
well he said hey you guys go get
something to eat I said I can't right
excuse me she's just okay no I didn't
know you might I might have said go eat
breakfast and you might have eaten the
rice krispies treat Annie's been helping
Haley a little bit this morning trying
to get used to this curriculum what what
totally meant to be so they are sitting
here look at all of Haley's books
compared to Annie's book
Annie's provided study guides that she
never used last year she likes she
prefers to take notes herself and
Haley's is a blended so some of its
online and some of its in the book which
really makes my life hard I do I think
that she would still get this amount of
books but the online stuff is like
supplement supplementary without a word
supplementary oh goodness this is gonna
be such a fun year Haley that is kind of
amazing
there's a chair separating you guys but
you're still managing to touch her and
bother her this is gonna be such a long
school years yeah she needs to have two
chairs it move between them all right
I'm gonna help her do this because I
obviously oh they're making cinnamon
watching videos off of YouTube they need
my help
school supplies
take a peek into Annie's bag of goodies
and her stamps you're gonna give
yourself a I did it stamp like back when
you guys were writing cut a pineapple oh
okay but can we hurry up with the
pineapple because I've got to get Haley
focus back on school we've been working
on school for a bell it's already 9:00
for an hour it's got a little air guys
we've already been doing this for an
hour I better move it
oh yeah your computer was updating all
right
well we're gonna get back focused
hopefully our mornings are done doing
school and then today we have to go get
some groceries and like a few little
things I don't know we're gonna have
time for our nails and then later we're
meeting up with Brooke and Nicole to do
some chicken girls songs or a chicken
girl song possibly rehearse for that and
you all would make me lose my train of
thought and to rehearse the climb for
rock your hair concert 8ps guys link is
gonna be know all that today but you
said oh don't think so 4:00 to 5:30 an
hour and a half two songs guys I want to
also say don't forget tickets are
selling out fast for that concert so if
you live in this LA area or if you just
want to fly out to LA to see us that'd
be cool too we'll put the description
the link to get tickets to the rock
back-to-school concert something like
that
I'm gonna help you out before it breaks
or Falls I mean you ran over something
take a wide turn we got something for
our closet of taking up the most of the
spot and a broom other than that it's
all like fruit and okay a little some
some things aren't healthy there's some
Doritos in there and some others and a
lunchable
I couldn't leave other than that we did
pretty good got milk and bread I said
the American cheese
oh no I didn't I don't consider mac and
cheese that unhealthy its carbs don't
don't hit anybody can you do something
for someone for hitting you like not
hitting me like Mike hit like that like
hit with the buggy please enjoy
who is sister Mia laughs though I'm not
good so there's no you're my first
sister
I'm your first isn't yeah oh it's just
my Belknap dad we're on level two we
have a problem
what I don't know more Carrie I call
cream cheese over but I also have a
camera Hayley you carry bag over and the
bread hey guys don't drop my phone gasps
picking her up so come on don't follow
us oh my god
cuz I put a camera in my hand it's not
bowling I feel like I should beat it
down there just show it in like okay
cream cheese you go here for now yeah
you just come here baby come on
Mon Amanda
that our deodorant no small size an
organizer and boom and that's how the
picture of Kayla I think we got a
picture frame but photo fingers broke
down both of them this too is I don't
know what that was
okay so some brushes okay we're gonna
help military so see you guys later
right
it's the first time we film my hair
down please first time we put my
airports
okay I'm still yours my hair it's big
unless braids for like what two days
we came here you know suggested a lot
the night before last
not last night but right before that so
here it is
 nuts musically as well there's like
this one blonde streak all right
if you like wanna please don't extra
light ok so right now we are going to
this place
Wow how's the script to you with this
part of singing and receiving their song
and the song no okay we're going to
Brookes with work we're going with
Brooke to her music vocal coach and
we're going to be doing be chicken girls
on her it rehearsing that I'll be
recording anything today I don't know
well because a recording good like we're
legit just rehearsing and like figuring
things out and all that and we are also
doing the climb
and we're gonna do like something fancy
with it right like more fancy might
harmonize baby
it's really hard to compare Amazings
really hurt I like sometimes mom I think
I came back a bit uh I could barely hear
myself so I was like I don't know what
I'm saying you know it's just sounded
like I was like so yeah we're gonna
practice we have an hour and a half of
practice we have a team broke up a
couple weeks you can't I don't know if
rush will be there Nicole okay brick yes
sir it that's great Italy did you have
did you bring shoes
really
now a smart hope you do you do did you
what I say on the right I'm sure left I
don't know
we're picturing you I've reached my
destination great left-hand side that's
over there I see it
nice house how do you know that's it so
I saw the address out of the corner of
my eye
no you're alright I'm gonna cut her out
now then go into this I hate this is the
first time you go to someone's house
it's so awkward because you're like what
if it's the wrong house
well should we wait for a breath I'm
gonna wait for Brooke we're early so um
this guy's kind of a big deal Wow Wow
so these are all the people clearly that
he's worked with no big deal guys no bit
no biggie Shawn Mendes Ariana Hailee
Steinfeld's not a Steinfeld not a lot
okay but just don't touch the pictures
thank you thank you
Wow you guys okay if we're just gonna
like we're just gonna show the wall and
you guys see who you know I'm sure it's
like almost Spencer's gonna freak out
over Shawn Mendes at Ariana and their
Katy Perry there's just so many there's
Charlie puth oh hairspray this is so
amazing how lucky are we to be in here
thanks Brooke Brooke has always got the
hookups with amazing people okay well no
pressure girls hey rush we're talking
about your weird friend Hayden see it's
pretty weird we are going to eat now
rehearsals are over
I know she's wearing this jacket around
her waist or sweatshirt but we'll put
them never been weird before starting
today you're gonna be weird we've been
here before this is where they've
rehearsed I would put this on but
nothing is on the covers much horseman
looks like a new fans I don't do that
that's weird
and we've eaten here I mean I'm assuming
I know where we're going best friends
I've seen tag photos of you guys saying
you guys are such an underrated
friendship I think you guys I've got it
great yes I know it's so underrated you
guys rate this friendship one to ten I
love hearing that you don't need make-up
I like makeup I don't want anybody to
think that I don't like makeup but no
just you don't need it
yeah you don't need it I like I think
there's times in places for makeup yeah
do it girl
all right how do I manage oh wait never
actually take that back that mine what
we're going to get any makeup my swagger
briefing when I'm wearing someone else's
sweatshirt his makeup all over it but
you have makeup there yeah that was like
oh I never mind so obviously we are
getting ready for bed we're gonna finish
some hairspray where you watch some of
it last night and then what we're
falling asleep so we're gonna finish it
tonight and we're gonna do a question of
the day my moisturizer oh wait I didn't
bring it I was gonna say I was gonna buy
it
so come I don't want to bring it back
and forth so I'm gonna get like a stuff
here okay
tomorrow on the agenda just in case you
want to weren't gonna plan on watching
tomorrow's video I'm going to tell you
so many amazing things what really is
just one fun thing tomorrow they're
doing school and then we're doing a
rock your hair I think it's rough your
hair - I know it's definitely a chicken
girls photo shoot but they're like you
know rock your hair does a lot of stuff
with cheque and girls anyway you know
but so I think it might be it could be
concert promotion for rock your hair but
it's definitely chicken girls promotion
so we're doing that tomorrow so you're
gonna see some familiar faces like this
little girl she's got to take some
pictures because she's being written
into chicken girls
yes we're excited your acting skills
give her a line o as your character
awkward like Brooke because that was
awkward be funny it's like if she's
Brookes sister now she is and if she
that's the rumor but I don't know if
that's true she should be this cool like
cocaine no actually you should either be
cup polar-opposite nice to be teller the
exact same you like or like I always
enjoy her phone I'm like so mad six
months ago that was Annie
okay so let's okay so question of the
day hit me Haley hit me what is your
favorite app alright we haven't done
that in a while
on your phone like Instagram you've been
living on Instagram you be music playing
things change although um she's been on
Twitter lately - not as much of them
string but Twitter's cheeky piece I like
eating pizza - I'm not even
I just want you to taste it what is that
I'm not even yes I bought this salad
boom how about the vision I'm eating
this cake now where did they like Liza
okay comment down below what your
favorite app on your phone is we're
gonna get snuggled up on the couch we're
gonna watch some TV
and we're gonna wake up and do some
school I know they're psyched day two
for Haley so good night guys we'll see
you tomorrow
wait I'm doing some cool things at the
camera always remember to celebrate
thanks for watching
the tailee
