come in the white shirt what do you do
to you oh good morning everybody it's a
bittersweet day yes
6:30 in the morning you got up about
6:15 we're about to say goodbye to our
little puppies because guess why we have
a one-way ticket to LA but that does not
mean we're staying there forever I just
didn't know when we were coming back
that's why it's a one-way ticket just
means round-trip means you come back to
where you started
one-way means we're just going out to LA
and then I think we're gonna probably be
there for at least a month three four
weeks could be longer yeah you have
clothes there so we're saying about our
puppies just in case is longer than
normal
you never know we're saying see you
later it's always later and we're about
to get to the airport so stay tuned for
some travel vlog
good morning right now we're in the
airport good morning for me I know mommy
already films half-asleep
we're in the airport right now
okay play my last film okay
so we're heading to LA and we're gonna
surprise it and hopefully it's gonna
work I don't know probably not gonna
work after school his dad's bringing him
to the ramen place and then we're gonna
be there or we're gonna show up I don't
know what's gonna happen
we were worried about traffic when we
land but we'll try yeah like a tradition
oh yeah
don't happen once payment surprise
meeting and then I'm speculative likely
a tradition well maybe we'll make it
official
it's cool
it's horrible action it's actually not
great thanks for asking though are you
doing school on the plane I'm gonna have
to no joke
she likes me fat guys look you're not
doing school so you don't eat Internet
Annie gets internet and then you're like
oh wait you're Karen you back your bag
did probably on the other one right we
were waiting over there and Annie's bag
came off over there carousel too and
then they made an announcement like oh
that flight is also on carousel one so
they are probably going around and
around right here the whole time and I
was starting to panic okay well we're
gonna go one back I know three bags
didn't make it okay it could happen okay
but we're thankful that all four bags
made it Annie's equipment for the
concert made it hubs always good she has
a microphone that's always good Haley
school bag made it so good we're gonna
go head to the rental car and then try
to make it to the restaurant to surprise
little baby hate it little baby hater
all right let's go
Oh guys right now you're in the car we
did it all by ourselves by ourselves
without Danny can we explain why daddy
isn't coming oh we know I don't know we
did it daddy is taking care of the dog
is gonna come for the concert hola
amigos so we just looked for a parking
spot for a good what do you say bye like
right
15 minutes couldn't find once we went to
this garage we're not really sure if we
worship we were not the right way that's
what I just said and I won't wander
around trying to find this restaurant
I'm pretty sure it's that way you are in
the white shirt your turn
what do you do to you he's like right
around this corner looking he's not
paying attention
I found you is that ye that you said for
talking yeah Haley watch this form you
guys no one eats better Amin better than
Haley that was pretty amazing
oh yeah look you've got like some right
here
is that's not let's go with the sauce
from the noodle the soup oh look at
aaden's form Hey
he learned from you it's a great event
reward very good basic elementary words
Haley any words yeah we told you when
you were learning how to say the word
for but we told you what it meant you've
already forgotten and you don't even
know what it means shout out the chicken
girls go watch episode 2 you said they
have a really cute
what are you back and forth no for real
I don't know that means that was really
funny
it means elementary or basic
she's so rudimentary hey I get it Annie
I know I get it
what's so funny okay so we ate lunch we
got rid of the other three and now Haley
and I are walking the mall they went to
go shop for sunglasses mr. Jimmy Hayden
a nanny went in the Sun last door and
little bored but I should we get Gaara
there's a good clothes at Zara do you
want like are you looking for clothes we
better find something for hailey to wear
on stage when she's hosting so I think
Zara would be a good spot I'll just look
so it's just mommy and hailey time for
shopping we found this amazing mall I
feel like we're gonna be I wish our
closet Hayley's representing the
youtubes really stylish let me just go
over here with this awesome awesome
lighting guys oh so white and everything
I love it so much
okay so we're here in our lovely LA home
and I'll be organizing so yeah that's
what I'm doing
yep she's over there on the couch I'm
gonna organize my stuff the closet this
is my side but it's not ready yet so
don't forget it
so yeah it's actually pretty good
lighting what are pretty good lighting I
don't know if it's coal gold sit on the
blanket so I feel look at this chair
what's on this chair what is that it's
you what is it
Haley would you do know it's like
supposed to be in there apparently
apparently okay well like what if I just
sat here
oh wait I used to be a little darker cuz
you know you can't see my eyebrows
anyways
so we'll be organizing see you soon
let's do it and I'm very sad because I
forgot um my art stuff my art book my
sketchbook but but but I do have this
little notebook okay I do have this
little notebook and some colored pencils
so I guess I'd be good with this so
actually a fan gave us that so thank you
so much sweat shirts and sweat pants
this is all I need in life what's wrong
with a legging would you have gone and
Doritos Doritos the last night's
it's a sweatshirt and they're glowing
because my eye will be great I turned it
off because uh my light was messed up my
lighting oh they're come stand over here
for the lights not so bright light I
like sweatpants sweatshirts Doritos
movies brand dust phrase because it's
French braids and Dutch words great
movie she said movies I like good light
at school I wasn't so great
our video is gonna be super long day I
feel because we got into watch Italy
extra day she's watching we are savi
over there 3x - 3 extra days I totally
meant 3 extra hours if I said days what
are we gonna do for dinner
who's cooking tonight you want food
is there a little risky to go with oh
good but that's like baking like
desserts
I need dinner she loves sweatpants
so um eventually I'm gonna get up and
organize like Annie is not just any
cosmetics long sweatshirts that are too
big for you
I can tell okay
go organize something my rooms a meth I
don't want to go in there and do it it's
just how I left it a mess she's
organizing Oh did you have oh he just
said sweatpants ooh hey question did we
go overboard on bringing clothes did you
actually I was like this was so next
time we wanted to bring anything nothing
but are you gonna take anything back
home
okay this little girl wants to go to the
pool
this little girl does not I don't want
to decorate too much because then we
only have this place for a year like for
sure black hole weird okay so you guys
we don't know where the pool is but
we're gonna try to figure it out
there's wish I have two girls and you
better really you're not going to the
pool
I mean we're going the pool I think
she's the only one getting in then we
got to figure out dinner apparently
we're eating Oreos yeah I mean pedes a
pool party yeah so pool and then come up
here for pizza cuz I don't know how to
order to the pool I don't even know
where the pool is let's figure this out
house we go
found it you guys that was not that hard
we've been here before
just saying you hung out over there
is it cold is it heated
let me feel Manny be like I want to get
in I am
she can't decide yell later we are
getting her out we've had some fun down
here we're going up to order pizza for
our pizza party there's something wrong
yeah we're home to pizza party come on
out here's your towel it's so pretty out
here I'm so happy it feels so good out
here
there's not one moment where I've been
decide we're going up for ordering some
pizza we're watching girly movies and
you haven't done any of that while you
played on your phone alright we're going
up I couldn't order the pizza from here
cuz I didn't have my credit card ready
alright hey shout out okay my friends
the pizza's here
we're trying to decide on a movie one
option is Soul Surfer stuffed-crust
super or facing the Giants or hairspray
Field of Dreams so we've got it narrowed
down to four great so um it's bringing
it to the question of the day it is dark
out and it was a good day it was a long
day and I'm ready for bed a few guys and
food I'm ready for food and then bed
oh we're just gonna sleep on the pullout
bed on the pull up pull out okay
question of the day what's your favorite
dinner
hmm what's your favorite thing to have
for dinner I think we probably had this
question but a long time ago so I like
this any kind of like chicken or steak
any kind of me
meat except pig meat you don't like to
eat pig oh you're just don't like bacon
but you don't like bacon not that's a
pig but a leaf or my favorite food is
pasta so it's just some kind of meat
like any kind of meat except for big
things like that you guys still awake
okay okay we AMS berries or broccoli
with cheese mmm you're making me really
hungry I really wish I could bite into
this pizza Oh crush coffin
Hamish in it in a bowl full of soup hi
honey
and what do ya like water and chocolate
and apple juice you're cut off from
talking okay so I like pasta good night
see you tomorrow
comment down below your favorite meal
and tomorrow they're doing school and I
think we're rehearsing some stuff with
Brooke so it's gonna be another great
day I'm joining the adventures bye see
you guys tomorrow
oh you guys it's hard to film both of
you because if I'm filming you I cut her
off if I'm filming you I cut you alright
guys see you tomorrow always remember to
celebrate life
baked potato baby thanks for watching
for tailee
