today um Bailey what's the next thing
good morning Baltimore I get it we're
out of chocolate milk
Oh Wagle Oh milk can I put it in the
chocolate milk yeah
will that be gross all right my friend
here are your scripts for the day you've
got three different segments Haley's got
one Hayley's in a segment of savvy again
huh yeah why do you think I woke you up
and made you get in the bath
it's your weekly bath time yeah this is
where it happened
so they are on their way here and we're
gonna get started filming oh I better
say Charm City again no she was just
saying word yesterday words that she
didn't even know she's like she said it
like probably you can fill it up
yourself it's crazy how that works she
said probably they did like three or
four takes and all of a sudden she goes
what Charm City mean she's like I'm just
saying words
y'all didn't know that well no I'm not
gonna say you got a watch savvy what are
you doing you're me when I'm hungry and
I want a chocolate syrup
what if what i paunchy all right so it's
breakfast time and script learning time
this one's first they asked us to share
some family tradition so that's what you
think sighs I don't know we didn't put
that away
look I'm very proud of my coffee John we
don't drink coffee you drink non coffee
for the record at Starbucks no no what
the s'mores I get without coffee
yeah well s'mores us at Starbucks you
can make your own swords it's almost
more season like where we roast
marshmallows no just so that's not
season all right guys thanks for joining
in our morning update og LOC Hayley back
to hair and makeup in my bathroom
I don't know what's going on either I'm
cha hold me promise I don't know look at
the legs
that's my wig no yeah oh my gosh
there there oh my gosh there's something
there definitely something like on a
hairspray
very very lightly just touch it like
that just feel like that goes on party
in the bathroom getting hair makeup done
just stand up there that's cool your
hair and made up right it's not a term I
just made that up hair and made it is
now that's right yeah Spencer's a pro
she's miked up it's been a while since
you've been my dad right in Haley I
didn't but it's been a while the first
thing of savvy like when Daniel doing
the intros that's the last time that was
a don't fall that actually hurt just
hang out in the bathtub that's what
normal kids do
what do they call that a toothpick no I
was gonna say toothpick and I'm like
it's gonna be wrong and y'all are gonna
laugh at me
but I was right so I love curl I know
braids are fun and then you take it down
and it's look at that yes I love that
really busted
what is career when you come to our
house we give you a flyswatter
was it the fly like I mean it's like
that's what you get when you come to our
house you get a fly swatter and you get
to roam around the house hunting flies
this isn't weird did you guys get them
all it's lunchtime yeah we're taking
Spencer somewhere very special cuz you
guys don't have them right and Canada
yeah we're a little excited and then I'm
gonna get her to partly for lunch
tonight ever dinner tonight at before
she leaves
you can get a bowl and then you don't
eat it all well unless you like the
burritos from Joe okay me too I want to
ruin your dinner your dinner later are
you having dinner later
no no we're having chick-fil-a for lunch
and Chipotle later when we wrap but then
I just then I just heard about what
you're having for dinner
Manny fingerprints are now on my ceiling
seriously it's not showing up anyway oh
yeah a little bit oh yeah it's your hair
is colored a little bit what if I'm
happy yeah but it's not as good it's
gonna be still good I promise the waffle
rice Spencer's blogging her experience I
love how excited you are
yeah kids what if she doesn't like that
she's gonna like it what she does
there's no waffle fries in Canada none
I'm excited cuz I love chick-fil-a
chick-fil-a late makes me happy not as
happy as Chipotle bio but we got two in
one day
I know I'm not worried hopefully when my
point is literally like two seconds down
and when she's hungry it couldn't when
she wraps the day
of course we climbed up and took a
picture yeah
all right chick-fil-a was a success she
plays the ball I'm marrying the owner of
hey I think he's taken
Wow good job chick-fil-a good job on
your architecture they did they did go
play because he belonged and you didn't
she belonged and you didn't little crown
the tutu told you guys to get out what's
funny is every time they say action
we're gonna use the leaf blower your
tripod they wanted to borrow from me
actually that is not yours I have one
and yours is in the other yours is on
the other camera no it isn't yeah that's
the one that BAM yours in there on the
Carolingian exact same note it's a
little different there are different
brands you wanna fight okay that is not
happening you're too close to the edge
up there just like no no where's that
where's that blow blower Billy no I'm
not no no I know it's making me nervous
get down grab her hey that's better you
can do that you're not stand up Billy's
annoying the crew I'm not alright so
they're filming on a trampoline stay
tuned for that scene no but you doesn't
mean you can still stay in no thank you
I love the windage items I know
hasn't really been windy I guess here I
use the wind blow over the wind chime
the wind blower why'd I just call it a
wind blower leaf blower well that's true
one in my room - I think that would be
fun not this one this one's out here hey
we need to clean up out here wait don't
push it again because they're about to
film Oh perfect
I knew I kept you around for something
short and long oh that was cobweb Oh
gross
the bottoms of brooms make me a broom
you want to know what sad this is a wrap
for Annie for season two of savvy what
yeah
so when she wraps here at season two's a
wrap so you guys I think we are savvy
season two comes out December and
Annie's like fully in that shoot season
one I want to explain something season
one was filmed before Annie was part of
the team so that's why she's not in a
lot of the episodes but there's still
amazing episodes and you should watch
I'm Spencer's in them and she's amazing
and Sarah and taya as well are amazing
and then in December when season two
comes out I think it's December and he
will be in them a lot more and then we
were hoping for a season three because
they're firing her you're out Annie
because we've had so much fun like and
we want to hang out with them and
there's really great content somewhere
we like I had anything to do with it
Annie and all the other castings is that
a wrap like so are you wrapped for
season two are you not wrapped
one more day
Spencer and even its oh he just cares
about her my yeah yeah that's true
everybody wants their mics off he gets a
sweaty mic suffocating yourself Spencer
and Annie it's Fanny what's the next
thing you're gonna great for my back
that's what I'm waiting for is it
finished is it completed because we're
gonna see each other again
Otis I thought this would be a season
two handshake no no you didn't make a
season 3 1 and season 4 right
we love you a lot we were out wait wait
wait we did it Jake Jake Jake we were so
bored bored bored and then came good
good food and he's the best what board
made it to your handshake
oh but we're really not silly and
nothing rhymes with stairs gourd did you
know you're in there handshake yeah
that's pretty impressive
no never
y'all start chanting season 3 because
this has got to be a see you later you
know what it's we can come visit and you
guys are welcome to come visit us
anytime two before season three okay
sorry yeah cuz Billy used to live there
you how we are no cool and he's never
been and she really wants to go so we're
gonna visit look what came just in the
nick of time
we literally leave in 12 hours Haley's
school books are here thank goodness 17
pounds a nice cool she's been missing
her blankie all day they are our friends
of savvy just left literally just race
them down the driveway oh look at her
feet 17 pounds of books that Andy
doesn't use books for her school so she
doesn't she literally just takes her
computer in a spiral
look how pumped Haley is she did a
little bit Annie you're doing hot but
you're about to go get in the shower
that's gross oh cool packing packing
styrofoam Haley isn't in crowd you don't
just dump it no let's treat our books
with the respect they deserve didn't the
librarian ever teach you you did just
vanish
vanish yeah okay see you later
well we leave like those K those books
came literally right in time like of
last minute we leave in 12 hours okay
guys so we'll be back we're gonna veg
out for a little while and decompress
and I'm gonna actually go through these
for real and see what what do y'all need
okay everyone I'm going upstairs I've
been packing but I want to my moment do
my hair because I want to dip crimpy
tomorrow next day so here's my hair
right now um we filmed in here so
doesn't Nala very good so I'm doing my
carry-on for the plane ride because you
all know that we are going to LA
tomorrow and yeah here's my hair so
tomorrow I'm going to take this out like
the bottom out right here so then it's
crimpy here and braided here and it
looks really cool so here's this with me
me cleaning out my backpack and the
question of the day is what's one thing
you always want to travel with and mine
is definitely my bear or my blankie
that's it my bear and my blankie guys
okay look how cool it's like um braid
down to blonde and it's like awesome and
this braid it looks so cool
like so cool I put like this weird
purple shampoo in it and it made it look
really sticky but it actually worked
really well like it supposed to tone it
with the shampoo don't forget to come
down below expand another question today
is what's one thing you have to travel
with and yeah bye guys we will see you
tomorrow probably brighten early because
our flight is really really early yes
so yeah can't wait packing my bag
and it's already like nine so I'm gonna
get to bed early he yeah can't wait for
tomorrow bad guys see you always
remember to celebrate life thanks for
watching
Britt Haley
