we are
and other day our chick is gonna take
come cuz you one day this is I'm gonna
go show you my room see how I got all my
stuff I got my whole baseball trophies
right there here's a picture of me
playing baseball there's some balls I've
earned this is where I keep everything
that's important to me I have two lamps
and a bunch of more you guys I measure
you mind hanging around and at the new
house I might begin my own tomorrow it's
gonna be empty
ah these on my box yep Oh
all your stuff is closed hey cuz that's
two toys yeah why is it because they're
going to make it just like that you
wanna watch TV
yeah well the TV is unplugged and
there's no cable no all packed up your
babies are in there and they're crying
door to Jerome's okay my third this is
like blinking thank you my closet your
bed huh
you can jump on your bed if you want Hey
no that will break mommy there's some be
right behind you
what what I feel didn't even know they
were here
oh look at that room that you're going
to get your eyes ready
