a weary soul to rest
yeah I will try to do my
to gravitate
to earth
I'd like to say
it's more clear when it's more cloudy
Hill
summers gonna cover the stormy cloud
hey good legs roll it Pat it mark it
with the beef baby and then we match his
heart close see pink pink pink um orange
orange white and a little white blue and
blue so soft toys I can go into water
like in your bathroom right now me and
him
dream
Oh chocolate milk she has to or I have
to I have to whisper it nobody can hear
ooh
this is all the sound I can mix one Ferb
once at one dog mom one Pig Whoopi and
one um cheetah no wait not a cheetah
well ratatouille it whatever you
controller
yeah chinchilla you know all the sounds
cute laughs - the chinchilla cuter
whatever talk until uh until one yeah
okay now we're going to Burger Wow ran a
car or seatbelt
and I think that's all and you know what
else I can't see your face so like in
said we're going to Burger King and it's
gonna be our first handle one time
doesn't it look like I'm talking so this
is gonna be fun because we're gonna get
to eat have spongebob and other thingies
that get to go underwater and mean and
it's still watch spongeable okay we are
here here's the place that's the place
that we are going to okay oh bugger King
go Burger King ah negative a Burger King
go Burger King a BBQing this is all gone
Burger King burger king i love it
because i like dis chicken nugget it
rhymes he's gonna go first
just brush my own prints with my
toothbrush you guys do that every
morning belly button buddy brushes his
teeth you lyin peasant and I do not have
hair
I catch good star I know to squeeze I'm
in the water and I can jump but how can
a firebender
