okay well that was your update makeups
done hairs not that's your hint hair's
not done yet
since like six ten we drove to a hotel
what
what's eleven minutes later than no 5950
thing is not okay so you're wondering
what we're doing today and why we're at
a hotel it's weird to be in a hotel
where we live we're about to go in this
hotel and we're gonna see Spencer you
haven't seen her in a couple weeks and
her mother and all the crew of Savi we
were filming here for two days
tomorrow we're at her house we've been
waking up so late you've got three days
of waking up early today what was your
dream about why not tell me she wouldn't
tell me
she was crying that was so bad I have a
few guesses of what it was about but
we're not going to talk about it right
now tell me later okay
so we woke up early today first day one
of filming Savi tomorrow's day two of
filming Savi and then we have to wake up
early the next day coz we're going to
first second home get to see my
apartment it makes me so happy
alright so we kind of got here a little
early on we don't want to be knocking on
anybody's door you know before its time
so we have about ten minutes so we're
just sittin here and we're vlogging here
look who's behind Annie it's Spencer
okay so I just found out that she just
having a little breakfast that there's a
secret in today's episode and so I don't
know how much I'm gonna be filmed
because you guys are gonna be wearing
something and I can't film it it's a
surprise it's got to stay off social you
guys know it I was like what is this
alex is prepping it right now and you
guys have to stay tuned so I don't know
how much I'm gonna be able to film but
just stay tuned you guys it's just one
of those days where she's already talked
about lunch okay
well that was your update makeups done
hairs not that's your hint hair's not
done yet no they don't know maybe you're
getting a haircut that's all and he's
concerned about a finger here it's lunch
break come on I'm kidding okay so I'm
getting
yeah good light pretty good at losing
yeah no it's really good
we're not gonna throw something
keep getting them
I'm just trying to get a good selfie too
much to ask for but you're saying how
cute we are we haven brought you guys
treats bags of treats and it looks like
she's crying now she's just wiping her
nose want to see your treats yeah
they're shareable treats yes okay guys
and some of its mine so share this y'all
really that like y'all ask for mint just
wait for my mom
hey thanks oh this how'd you know that
was for me bring the camera he's spoiled
in love you know everything about me and
you know what I got what I got for me
yep still doing it they were doing it at
lunch you know doing a you're sick
taking selfies come that's a wrap
right on today they don't even talk hey
hey see nothing I got nothing it's all
about the selfies that's okay the view
like Gellar silhouette it anyway yeah
we're done we're wrapped for the day I
can't really see you guys nice of you to
wake up before noon
oh so sweet of you let's go get some
breakfast let's go get some lunch fist
that's where you eat breakfast for lunch
no brunch is when you eat meals between
breakfast and lunch this is eating
breakfast for lunch
I caught lunch fist oh right now we are
going to the mall
daddy's walking up the stairs really
loud and what are we doing at the mall
ba-ba-boom what story you want to go
into ethanol justice H&M Zara good let's
just add you and take the car in the
chart mommy's got the desolate side and
let's take the trip there push that
button right there
all right you ready for your favorite
stores at the mall
yes my everybody knows your favorite
stores Justice players their new wins
are
hmm you live with like a bunch of bratty
girls notice that they were bratty in
there I was gonna say girls but then you
like their bratty aunt I have very sad
news
Caleb's best friend is gone no it's okay
just now cows best friend is gone I'm
sure they all have to put another one
out hopefully the same one worn for the
weather yeah so we've made it declares
now
I think a lot of people wear accessories
from here in Jojo bows over here
straight ahead let's say he going up on
me for me they would all look beautiful
on me we got out of that mouth
look Haley these fish are famous
do you want their autograph fish can we
have your autograph
they were on TV Haley
famous fish all right guys apparently we
were wrong while on our tippy toes get
down to the apparently we were wrong
Hayley's ate yourself according to this
chart according to this chart so you are
52 inches I think go stand up against it
you're 52 stand up you're probably not
52 you're probably 50 let me see
yeah probably probably 50 to 51 turn
around and say thanks mommy
we managed to bite as seen on TV stuff
rather than stuff for the concert we
were truly unsuccessful at what we just
did and yeah my face could have to come
back and get the actual stuff we need
and a speaker yeah we didn't do what we
were supposed to do that you don't need
a pump maybe they just you put your
phone on it and just go she went for the
healthy stuff
so why don't you know him what you got
patient
strawberry banana smoothie and what kind
of a Nini a chicken bacon avocado
chicken bacon avocado
are those words would you like a napkin
need a now get little girl let me go get
you wanted so he had a daddy-daughter
day today
and now she's super excited about
watching Monday Night Football
this is my man living room no you have a
room upstairs any a mommy your honor
their way home you look tired
Joey cause the door you dropped it that
you had a long day how long does this
day ever
yeah there's actually a house which is
like a there's a dead end over here okay
except for you now so they're so excited
because apparently they also have
Halloween peeps beeps did you wear that
so I heard all day today okay I found
that's what me if you were while you
were filming mmm
secret stop are we gonna show any other
secret stuff for the next three hours
we're gonna clean the house your call
time is at 9:00 and you have to go
really far to work thank you what time
do you guys have to get up to get to the
shoot location tomorrow Katie hi time
for the question of the day and we had
such a long day I mean we Annie and we
are having another long day but fun day
tomorrow
Haley is gonna be in Savi and it's gonna
be so fun
stay tuned to what we're doing so
question in the daytime which is your
favorite nail art flash color um my
favorite is white or like skin color
like nude Oh
favorite is and sometimes rings
tabulated a white print I would rather
blue white french tip or gold sparkles
or sparkling
okay bye guys see you can never get dumb
luck soon another question today is let
your favorite nail color / that all my
guys see you tomorrow
ye always remember to celebrate
thanks for watching
Vitaliy
