hey chase and we're gonna do our hair
this stuff is blush lipstick pink
lipstick really really dark eyeshadow we
have purple yellow pink yellow cheek
good turn
it makes your cheeks really sparkly this
is powder these are the brushes this is
for the eyeshadow this I think is for
the blush and that is all we have this
is my purse
makeup bag for makeup any kind of makeup
you want
and we have nail nail polish in my in my
mom's this is eye shadow that we are
gonna do first we're gonna put purple
eyeshadows and we keep the clothes crazy
yeah and look at me and keep your eyes
look at me and close your eyes closed
right good job we are going to do Pinker
other now yeah I this is blush blush it
goes on a cheeks yes am I saying it goes
on her cheeks my feet yeah girl she's
you don't laugh your cheeks you said
cheeks shake yeah
you don't have to push
now
okay bring me one rubber band and a comb
and some water
Hey
