this is how our morning is starting out
okay so this morning before getting
started on school on this wonderful
Sunday morning we are designing Annie's
merch final life gonna be like a
signature using this signature throw
thing know you'll feel it's gonna be a
signature shirt so as you know or as
some of you may know we got new
bratayley merch so we're sitting down
here brainstorming ideas GG oh man you
got in trouble okay so we're thinking oh
hello Winnie nice to see you too
we're thinking a signature on the front
there we go and something on the back
something wrong with you you say nope
definitely all right so that's the
morning update Hayley's still asleep and
we've got a lot of this going on
business meeting adjourned
now Annie's hunting flies
the flies have been so bad this year
all the animals hanging out together are
you scared to hit like Paige in Mexico
right here it's probably the safest
place ever where she's Amy okay so now
instead of hunting flies and he's gonna
go up and do school no it flew off hard
enough you didn't get it
there's another one up higher you do it
slap it hard I've never done it either
Oh
your time is up a little bit scary we're
all going outside as a family you guys
stop
you're missing
nothing is gonna die with the way you're
doing it good
come on friend come on not a white
spider where is a spider though wonder
if I can spot any flash mouths no the
Flies are allowed to be outside oh oh
fail don't anybody put their feet on
that what you leave it out for like two
days but if that's for a normal-size I'm
gonna leave it over like a week looks
good guys and it will break without so
hunger is still good slam and you know
like it's weird
it looks like mud oh it's crusty looks
like a pie don't stop right here oh my
gosh that is growing a giant scale yeah
it kind of does no excuse me
what are you eating she thinks she's in
so much trouble all right mommy human in
full panic she's eating a lemon drop
somebody picked that up and put it in my
trash bag delicious baby all right let's
go show them what I'm talking about
bring the lemon drop down put it in here
I'm going to go tour the mess the dogs
can have a lemon okay so this is what
I'm talking about
they're like it's not messy it's not bad
I think it'll take us 20 minutes this is
a mess down here
look yeah trash a towel like just a mess
there's worms oh come on
see fishing worms just sitting here the
dogs got into them it's all it's the
dogs all right so now you guys have seen
the before and we're gonna get it kind
of cleaned up down here it's time all
right
we are done for the most part we just
found a whole bunch of nasty dirty stuff
animals nope okay get on this side I'm
gonna show you I know but you have to
move the kicks in like you had to put
your helmet on and we really shouldn't
be riding the bike in the grass
we're gonna teach Haley to ride her bike
today no we're gonna take it to the
front honey move the kickstand what you
need shoes on that's gonna hurt your
feet hey let's just go and change whoa
I'm sorry you can do nothing man
all true statements you just made yeah
you can just leave your helmet on go get
shoes on that's all you have to do you
need the helmet oh my gosh good some
shoes on before the tickle monster comes
from here it comes
I know that's our favorite toy hey
that's pretty good for your first try so
now you just have to learn how to steer
it and safely brake because your goal
you get going down this hill and you can
go pretty fast so what we need a teacher
to do is go in the street and turn
around though hold us up do you think so
use the other foot it didn't get harder
you just hey why are you picking both
feet up
okay just let Daddy do it for you move
pups you just friends go straight
all right let's walk it down let's walk
it down because you need a if you can
learn to go around that cul-de-sac one
time you'll be good
there you go hmm so no other foot that
one's up higher so little baby steers
it's not a lot of searing no baby stairs
you got all the way around in this case
push down on that right pedal the other
pedal push down and kind of go forward
with it no just go forward you just turn
you just trying to get the pedal down
all right now push the other one forward
now you got it
which one do you like starting with you
can always either what's going on right
here thanks google we are packing for
law Hailey's stuff is in here and
Hailey's clothes that aren't going are
here Oh player player player player
player player hey Viji I'm a pack you
come here you can go law with us so
we're laying around doing laundry or
watching football oh it's the Packer
we've been letting the dogs on the couch
lately and now they think they're
allowed Winnie
we pick you guys I think this is the
most days I mean we've gone a few places
here and there but the moat like we have
done nothing I mean we've clean okay I
should say Danny's done a lot of school
she's looking at me like but we've been
we've had a lot of relaxation and he
went down the same road at the same time
it's like this little well when were you
going up but one of you was on a scooter
so we've gotten our outside time but I
just feel like wait this is the longest
we've been at home not being busy or
anywhere but you do wha let me see that
again he felt like a show the camera
like you really turn it near me if that
doesn't make it feel better
oh you're just like oh yeah I could kiss
that beep Haley thank you all two
million of you deep shout out to all 2
million of you we should name some of
them Bob no no Valli
I should have names for my fan you
should okay got it
angel Halley's Angels Angels Phillips
you can name the Phillips yeah why did
we want to name it the same you say
thanks to Sally Bob Jenni Rachel
Ashley especially at all the Caroline's
think of other names okay
we had like we were playing something
and one of the main characters was
Caroline any Caroline's out there good
job
well it's not it's new fuzz because her
hair is clean ish it's the dogs you were
gonna to get it out for but you decided
not to you were so rude
well prepared for busy.we
just talking about how busy we haven't
really been busy these last couple days
we've got two days of stabby filming
yeah we and then la bound and you know I
don't know when we start filming season
two we've got other things like songs to
record and sleeping to do staying busy
so that's your evening update I don't
know what else we have planned for
tonight stay tuned okay guys it's time
for the question of the day and the
question of the day is if you owned a
store what would you sell I would sell
phone cases arts and crafts sweatshirts
because they're great jeans cuz they're
great um big glasses cuz they're great
extensions cuz those are great and then
books like not lie like journals stuff
to write in because those are great hmm
craft store it's like craps okay bye
guys you tomorrow we've got an early
morning so I better get to sleep I've
got work to do zabi season 2 starts
tomorrow at 6:00 late so here we go
already to school do it tomorrow
next day or the next day then we go to
LA another plane which I'm really
actually excited for it because I feel
like it's really relaxing the plane just
feel like those sounds I don't know I
almost liked I know I'm gonna do really
fast I'm gonna make a video about a QA
just me sitting here and you should in
turn ask questions okay we're gonna go
film that really fast I don't know
that's why we're gonna do it fast looks
good bye guys you tomorrow always
remember to celebrate life
baby
thanks for watching
Vitaliy
