there was a team effort
welcome to our first annual Saturday
morning family breakfast I just made
that up right now but we decided to come
to IHOP early Saturday morning to
celebrate hey was family time babies
close we have Savi coming so we've got
some cleaning people at the house this
morning thanks a leaper new episodes of
savvy yeah but yeah so we didn't want to
be in their way so we left Haley just
told the world the cleaning ladies are
at our house and that's why we're here
what were you gonna say
excite oh not good with the tripod how
excited you are about this first annual
weight can be annual because it's gonna
be every Saturday but it's really not
gonna be every Saturday because we won't
be here next Saturday I called this our
first annual family yeah yeah we have
somebody cleaning early our house
because Abby's coming person who
laughing
so Annie got dinner for breakfast so did
I though I didn't hailey you know what
hailey got everybody knows a Hayley the
pounder the happy face pancake Oh Annie
wanted to order sad basement she wanted
to dress all in but that would have been
funny that's a good video
our way to pick up on a sad face I'm
gonna I don't know if they would have
but okay that was so fun
what's next on the day after we eat
you're gonna go home and Annie's gonna
do some school Annie
Haley doesn't have our books in
I win king hey your foods here right
here I was right I just took a nap and
he's been doing school so long she just
said that she feels like a different
person because she showered there was
more to it than that but I started
laughing okay so now that I have wasted
two hours of my Saturday by taking a nap
and all I heard is your siri going off
while I was sleeping all the questions
you're asking it and I was doing it I
was doing um exhale it sounds like
what's 10 times 10 times 10 times 10 10
times I heard it 100 million I like 100
million okay I'm gonna go downstairs and
see what everybody else is doing as soon
as I think of all your pillows under but
what is Haley not oh that's because she
doesn't have her books yet and it was
hard to do school yesterday with no
books about like you know she was
pitching up it I thought she was excited
about school all right watch your post
nap update from Katy Manny no science I
thought you were done with math
yesterday it has to be falling out the
bed I just had one more test uh-huh
nice turn off so well your organization
is loving it I'm loving it she was just
showing me how she snaps five in a row
No
No so we're getting ready to go out of
this house because someone it's
someone's nap time now and look what my
dogs did we're gonna clean house
look at this come here cuz you are
guilty look at this look at this
who did that well did you do that did
you do it
Piper did you do it guilty is their
favorite toy but it's kind of got a
little brain surgery so its brains are
everywhere we're just waiting on Haley
to come down the stairs here she comes
I think we're gonna go to the mall and
he's gonna go visit some friends at the
gym and Haley and I are gonna go to the
mall love the outfit we're buggers I
still fit you they hurt your feet the
last time you wore them oh but they look
really good no complaining
okay you'd think you might complain but
I can't promise you I won't complain
that's Haley for you at least at least
she owns up to it now I know it's bad
all right let's give daddy some peace
and quiet
that's not be quiet you guys be good go
jump on him and lick a space when it's
time around the way to go no that's
weird it's just really weird why are you
filming me
you'll be good
no more performing brain surgery on your
stuffed animals young ladies their
stuffed animal look how good this room
looks now that I cleaned it up Wow
there's stuffed animal they got the
stuffing everywhere wait time out you
showered but did you brush your teeth
we'll be waiting for you in the car
lovely go brush your teeth you can't go
to the ball with dirty mommy what did
you do
chalk you already solid hey Annie
stop awkwardly snapchatting us all your
friend
Haley's going to brush your teeth we're
not leaving here until you brush your
teeth there was a team effort this
spilling we were trying to bring it all
in
should I rub it a little dab it dab it's
a frosty it's a chocolate frosty but
this is precisely why we have dark
carpet because can you imagine that
being light carpet cleaned up as well as
we can't oh it doesn't like stink up the
kinetic milk-based
oh so we're cleaning this up
Annie's hanging with her friends she
doesn't want to come back with us
yo Jessie what if you're watching this
you need to make Jojo see what hairspray
she can just use rock your hair
hairspray I know but like she loves
bright colors and that's pink I know but
she would make like bright colors all
over it yeah spray it so we are gonna
have a mommy and Hayley night we're
gonna watch um a movie I don't know what
movie and nobody'd say on it she's still
on the hair she's on the big stuff
grab the paper towels let's go and
change into PJs and make this like a
slumber party thing until we get Annie
banannie back he's a but another banana
where's the Nutella and daddy's having
like a boys night he's watching some
fight or something I don't even know so
it's just you and me for the win one
movie down we did a mystery Nancy Drew
the dogs kept barking and scaring hailey
was it suspenseful scary
you're jumping now it I'm kidding we got
the dogs here the only good dog look at
her big old fat lamp that's her lip your
lip
yeah no that's her no that's lip and
it's not is her lip I'm touching it
right now all right let's do like a
comedy mmm where's their mouth right
here we're still waiting on the father
and the other daughter what did I do
just may go menu to get back so we were
having fun having a mommy and Hailey
night we're literally laying under the
covers and not doing anything it's kind
of amazing
Annie's home what was
watching frenemies were having a
marathon of movies Hayley movies because
she thinks we always watch any movies we
do so come join us
oh yeah fun and within five seconds
she's gonna come back and be like my
heel hurt that's what choice I don't
know you had a frosty on the way home
from the mall excuse me where are they
have a vitamin now to make up for it
okay well we're gonna get back to the
movie you this time for the question of
the day the girls are getting a midnight
snack at 10:56 p.m. the dogs are all
asleep seriously they don't get on the
couch very often laying down and licking
me and like dude you thank you we're
gonna go much trouble we are so tired it
is bedtime oh I think I'd rather be a
cat I like dogs
probably better but I feel that cats
you're on the picture of B as a dog are
a little bit smarter or know what cats
are a little bit smarter don't know if
hearts Piper
that's a good question would you rather
be a cat or a dog all right we will see
you tomorrow
what'd she do was that all right hey
Google turn off all the lights guys well
Google's turning off all the lights
sometimes she takes a long time see you
tomorrow
remember to celebrate
thanks for watching
Britt Haley
