today we mor what what episode - we need
what we does leave you want more good
morning everyone
right now I'm in my room and it's like
11 don't know how it's already 11 but
I'm doing school right now and yeah so I
have my whole day planned out literally
details like you'll see little TMI but
let's do it
so last night I was like I want to like
be on a schedule so I've got a schedule
in in here so I put tomorrow but
tomorrow is today so today wake up brush
your teeth well wake up check brush your
teeth check go to the bathroom yes very
detailed and check brush your hair check
face mask check put your hair in a bun
check oh blackhead pealed mask thingy I
don't know what it's called I did it it
didn't do anything and also give me red
stuff oh that's great
it also gave me red stuff and it hurt so
bad and I'm mad because I waited like 20
minutes
and then it hurt and then it didn't do
anything and problems so then I have
post on Instagram which check justed and
school so then I've got some school
going on I just put her on Instagram and
then I'm going to get into workout
clothes workout / do yoga by myself
because pages of your thanks page and
I'm also going to play the piano after I
get back into regular regular clothes go
in click piano and then finish editing
the video if you guys have noticed up
and I'm posting like the same kind of
pictures because all of them are
screenshots from
video so I'm getting the video up I'm
gonna edit and then I'm gonna try to
figure out another video to film but I'm
not sure so I'd have to be thinking but
I'm gonna get back to school because I
won't be able to finish em on in math
and I'm learning about exponents but
it's a review so it's kind of easy but
still that's what I'm doing so as you
can see Haley's not thrilled right now
and Anna yelling at the dogs
oh she being mean to any okay
Haley's courses just became available
online and she's not excited because her
books aren't in yet and so she's in a
bad mood in our books our ear and then
I'm gonna make her start we're gonna see
what we can do without the books so we
can it is I just heard it go ding well
we should probably get some stuff out of
your backpack like a penile smart okay
you need a pencil maybe and some paper
yep you get to pick Haley what class you
start with language math science or
history
Julie's fourth is banished and art I've
got seven isn't he's just thought all of
those that's physical education - er or
yeah Spanish um is it blown no more
courses so all of course well I don't
know if you need like your art stuff
supposed to have Spanish maybe Spanish
doesn't come until arts dumb art is the
least viewers right now you can start
with science interactive science you're
just so different than Haley it from 8
for mayonnaise yeah does hers looks
completely different
hers is blended we're gonna help you
we're gonna do this together that's why
we're sitting here - Haley
you know a that's probably what it is
what if a course syllabus course grades
navigating your online and yeah see what
a is to help your one this is the Mia
have so this is week one cool okay so as
you read in your textbook respond to the
questions Oh
pause I'm she needs a textbook right all
that is one day for just for science
it's two days eleven today but shouldn't
have her book so it yeah but she has to
have her book so it looks like law
school is not easy okay to do alright so
let's click on another course and see if
she needs I'm sure she's gonna need the
book for all of it
hers is blended so she has to use and he
cannot doesn't have to use textbook try
tribe art don't see what it says
alright well we're gonna let we're gonna
look through here and see what we can do
today hopefully the books will be here
before we leave for LA next week you
know what I'm gonna help will be back
guys we're gonna peruse through this
online why are you so annoying
Eddie she needs you to pet her Haley's
currently dabbing because she knew she's
like it's gravity it's gravity and the
lady on the video goes gravity she gets
up and does the cutest little I was
right dance
but come here cuz this is kind of funny
too
first of all you're in your pajamas but
secondly there's three things secondly
you've got blue teeth because of your
drink and lips and turn around - the bed
head or including the bed head I didn't
say there's like fuzz you guys keep
letting in hyper you keep letting
leaving the door open behind you
dirty on my channel so Haley's in a much
better mood now that this home-school
process has started she's been able to
do a few things without the books okay
come back come back to me Haley better
than Winnie sitting on you she did not
the other day let's hear more
okay ready are you ready
you'd be a scientist hmm what Annie I
think aunt Eva said I give up you're
done with your day or you gave up
she's drinking ocean water oh she knows
why the ocean is blue the sky's blue
because something about waves of the
ocean and red having long waves and oh
we couldn't hear anything you're saying
because the dog wants to be heard all
right
that is your afternoon update I'm not so
great I'm really liking home we may try
to do it as a water nigga what would you
like we missed you max and Harvey and
then it took me like five tries to get
actual spray not sparkling there too
like I said spray they said sprite and
then the waiter brought them spray
sparkling water three times before they
actually got real spray why did the
waitress think they wanted sparkling
water like so Annie's done with school
for the day now she's got a week of
language under her belt and a week of
math on day two the completion of day
two and someone else is working on
science and then she's gonna go wash her
her name
I don't think she likes that I'll give
you that she likes to play with the ball
but I don't think she likes that
Noemi it's a little baby okay don't do
that to her anymore want to see
something really mean bouncing Gigi's
favorite ball they put her out because
she wouldn't leave them alone oh she's
got a few words to tell you Annie
just watch your back legs daddy said
she's fine oh she sounds awesome Barket
oh did you see that so school is done
for the day and it's dinner time and one
of these days we might actually get out
of this house I know hi oh look at that
look Piper's giving you a fishy stop
this is why GG's outside precisely why
bucket is dinner delicious a dumpling
guess what we're about to do nope
it's better than nothing no it's better
than sleeping yeah we're about to watch
episode two of chicken girls right here
on the TV no it's not out yet but
Tuesday so by the time you're watching
this it won't be out still cuz it's only
Friday right now so when this comes out
you'll have two more days before you can
see episode two but we're gearing up for
it I mean this episodes are gonna longer
there's a lot going on there it is you
guys know what that is that's that
Polaroid okay so obviously we can't show
you but we'll we'll get a little
reaction after we watch it what what
episode - we need look we does leave you
wanting more
so that part of that episode was the
very first day of filming what were you
what are you shooting the second season
yes cross your fingers I want to be in
it where there is a season - yeah
they're writing you in my gonna be I
don't know yet I don't know if it's
written yet yep
she can play your little sister that our
is she that's what I heard I don't know
if that's a rumor and uh so season I
mean that episode we just watched
episode 2 episode 2 was part of it was
shot on day 1 and it was so hot in that
arcade no do you remember that yeah what
yeah it is like the second part of that
like you weren't gonna give it away and
then you liked that arcade that market
it was so hot okay I know we're filming
question of the day let's go into know
the answers your silly questions
I think it's shooting soon but things
can always happen it's scheduled to
shoot soon ok question of the day is
what was your favorite part of episode 1
okay
yeah Haley I think I love ketchup it is
mom does his eyebrows that's hot so we
all agree Brooke Brooke did a good job
everybody did a really good job but
Brookes characters so quirky and she
plays it really well alright
yeah you can't say episode 2 that's what
I was trying to remember episode 1 I was
getting them all confused but your
favorite part of episode 1 okay look
like I'm good
keypad she's like kids like my snap yeah
I'm good
all right guys exciting isn't it she's
got lots going on she's host helping
host rock your hair concert yes you do
have a lot going on in II can Haley have
some spotlight for a second all right
Haley
here's your spotlight that's what you
choose to do where the pillow is a half
skirt you look like you got a big old
booty you do the page when he did the
beige all right so today was good we did
some school we did some cleaning
we did some watching a chicken girls
tomorrow um I don't know what we're
doing it's Saturday but Annie's are way
more school because Savi's coming into
town and it's not gonna be able to do
some school next week so she's gonna
yeah so she's gonna make up some school
this weekend to try to stay on track
because when we get to LA it's hard to
stay on track so guys we'll see you
tomorrow
tune in comment down below with your
favorite thing about episode one of
chicken girls stay tuned for episode two
Tuesday to celebrate life
Beibei bye thanks for watching
for tailee
