today lucky charms and school how do you
feel about the first day of school she
was happy because she got new stuff but
then I also feel like okay so I've got
this stuff I brought this and so that
it's got like everything that much
there's glue everything and I'm going to
set it up all here or send it over there
what school here or here or here or here
do you like should I sit there I should
I sit over here over here okay excuse me
okay we're gonna set it up one to pick
up boom there we go so this is Haley
computer right now mine's under it but
her discharging she's doing this
orientation thing to find out how bridge
way it works because this my second year
this is her first year so she's doing
that so I'm just gonna show you is it
going to be I think we're gonna meet
Haley are gonna try to do a video after
we do school about back to school like
first day versus all the other days so
yeah but here's my setup I've got some
crayons some stamps like this is just
kind of stuff that I don't normally use
because it's gonna be a high my computer
and this is stuff that I can grab and go
so I've got some stamps some pencils the
aren't sharp
it's a sharpener an eraser there's a
crayon and I got so
scissors sharpies glue color pencils a
ruler and stuff like that a pen yeah
these great my favorite things ever was
so good their pet pencils and it's got
an eraser and it's great so yeah that's
what I'm doing and also the reason I
really like this is because the light I
can be looking over and sometimes I can
see the water so yeah it's great
and this is what I'm gonna be doing so
I'm Jenna and of course I'm gonna try to
be organized but of course it's not
gonna work out but I'm be going to using
these thing I was going to use that
thing over there wait you can't see it
it's looking that thing bad thing but I
decided to not because it's a little big
and I I like the paper better on this
one it's different on the other one so
there's that boom so I'm gonna do this
and then I also move the piano into my
room so I don't know why I'm showing you
this but I did also move the that thing
there where I sing into over here but I
like it better because I don't have to
go over there and do it and also I'm
gonna start doing some videos so the
background of my videos will be this
instead of stuffed animals in the
background of that so video something
like the keys my nose my lips and that
so ting be like dude dude dude do and I
didn't want already but the background
was that some to do together your eyes
want to hear some that's probably
copyrighted but this could go on that
table alright so that was really bad
with my singing because I just kind of
did didn't warm up so and I was first
time playing today so that was not very
good but there you go
okay so back to over here so I also like
it and I could be staring at the piano
and I also oh my gosh guys I'm gonna go
down fast because my mom got me this
songwriting book it says travel journal
is that great okay so it's got the plane
like like awesome these are like some
things okay these things like are my
favorite planes because we travel a lot
pictures because I love photography and
heart because who doesn't love love so
here's that it's just a little song but
thing and it's got like a passport thing
on in it isn't that so cute and it's got
there's a sphere all the sound we can
think it's got a little world map it's
so cool I just love it so yeah it's
gonna be our Haley do you understand it
if not you can come to me because I got
it a better grade second grade review
for students and can usually what you do
upstairs just come look in third grade
your third grade and you're in seventh
yeah go through the door you guys and
look at all the flies behind you hi but
you're in third grade let's come I
remember you in kindergarten
alright peace my piano my room unless
she's gonna like it very much love it so
good in here
Oh uh-huh okay once T we sitting at it
I came by guys we've got to convince her
I keep it in here
lucky charms and school stay one if
you're wondering
Haley's books didn't get in if you're
wondering what you're done you're done
am I going nuts am I crazy I don't think
you guys both heard it instant replay
replay my reaction back to day one I'm
like maybe I was like thinking wondering
I don't even know I don't even know now
like anyways maybe Oh cuz I was gonna
say if you're wondering I figured it out
if you're wondering why Haley didn't due
to school today she was supposed to
start today but her courses weren't
there so I emailed her teacher to ask
like when so Annie started you did a
week in what you did a whole week in
language do you feel good about that do
you have a new system this year now that
now that um you've did the whole year
latte brothers look at this so tomorrow
your work those are my stamps tomorrow
you're gonna do what I'm doing
what so look I didn't you know it's a
beginning the Year how organized you
guys are you do it - you do it - Annie
wanted me work riding in this spiral by
the next by the end of the year she'll
be like this is my notes instead of Jake
all the other books Oh
so I kind of not you the spiral I just
want to be doing it as much
I remember when last year started you
were like yeah I'm gonna do this and
this and this and then no so tomorrow
you're doing a week of math and then so
that's the beginning of the school year
last year
I think that I had to do a weekend every
subject why I didn't have no have read
my work so I had a late start but now
how did you in doing it is that where
you were doing this way so you have your
whole system ready to go how do you
suggest Hayley does it a week not just a
couple Hayley how do you feel about that
I don't know what that means
look at her she freaks out Hayley Hayley
are doing that could you heard me say
that
don't let give me an example of what a
court is like gee did you yeah minor
you guys if she's doing this wrong it's
not my fault she taught herself I have
no idea if she's right or not this kills
me
hey but I don't get it I don't
understand cuz I've watched lots of
people play the piano and they don't
just do John don't they do this maybe
get you piano lessons so they were make
sure you're learning this correctly
people aren't to teach themself to play
the piano all the time so you're
probably onto something
Matt told me that that's right I
probably even knew that when I was your
age I wouldn't have remembered that
so I told Annie if she shows that she is
doing this a lot that we'd get another
keyboard in LA and she has been probably
doing practicing on the keyboard
everyday while we've been home I can't
sing I can't sing you're crazy
meanwhile we've got the robot vacuum
doing its thing and Haley's dancing with
it that's not weird and the dogs not
liking that there's a gate and they
can't come up here but I'm liking it
because now there's no pee up on this
level it's in the basement that's their
spot you guys but we're trying to keep
it out of the basement too okay so we
just got in bed watching some videos
just one of the check-in my fellas beep
oh yeah so that's what we're doing
what is your favorite YouTube channel
what is your favorite YouTube
something that's not related to you
Annie
Zoe
Annie come on no I I just I did my
answer that's Laura Thiele Nordea little
deal I don't forget to comment down
below cuz no question of the day is the
back of your people who is your favorite
youtuber always remember to celebrate
thanks for watching
the tailee
