today film today and it's like one good
morning from me
so I'm hi I have bed head hair and we're
gonna go check out this old cash
register we're about to go drop band off
we did school all morning like all
morning this morning actually it's
afternoon we keep doing that we got a
lazy morning of school this morning and
now we're going to take Amanda school
Manders home it was a hard-working
morning and we're all gonna get out of
the house and take a man to home on a
field trip and field trip to the farm I
love that there's story behind them home
and I don't know what I don't question
your mother there's there's a story
behind this counter special miss Cary
used to have a dance store that sold
danced up and this they I when they
bought the building I think this this
cat old-timey cash register was in there
and we were in there one time and daddy
was like obsessed with it but then they
sold the store and so they just brought
this over yeah yeah there's no more
what was it called posh para wet certain
not cnc she didn't sell the dance studio
the dance store like where it sells so
he's trying to figure out how to work it
so we talked to her mom and we're just
gonna take her Akram I love so we have
like a whole hour I can't film you
because then I would be showing
everybody the trash on my counter but
I'm just gonna do it cuz it's real life
and there is trash on my counter that
the kids need to take out I'll feed the
dogs you can take out the trash
so bandit does my makeup she's my
personal makeup understand literally the
best makeup like so good she's like a
professional makeup artist um so here's
what it looks like we had a few like um
what are they called
this like Oh mishaps I don't know just
something that it's some like bronzer
just like does not want to go on my face
highlighter didn't want to go my face
you like just kept going into a line but
she figured it out and yeah we're up in
the room we're gonna go take her to a
crow we're selling our house
not the house that we're living in our
old house you guys here it is I've got a
few things in this house that we have to
get out it looks so good no wonder
someone bought it it looks so good we
should have set it up like this
with a bigger couch so good don't scuff
up the wall oh my god
the smells in here a little bit I'm not
gonna lie
that's soup and the paint the carpets
fix where I'm from where I spilled pink
paint okay hold on let's go in the
master Winnie the Pooh on the fan cuz
you didn't ask first and look master
bedroom please do not sit on the bed
Thank You Annie
there's probably a reason to not sit on
the bed they didn't do that before we
moved out there you'll notice the swings
at the fire pit still down there did you
get our Halle Gator what are you
sweetness to a like a tree swing
we got alligator right there we'll go
get him Oh how's that guy
here even for don't get tall people hey
in the bathroom it looks so good down
here like you guys I wanted to paint
these paint these bookshelves and we
just never did and then when they came
and we started to sell the house or like
we should paint those yeah some of this
is ours like that pictures mines we did
not have it decorated this cute so you
may get a good job staging this house no
no it's a company brings it in if you
could rent the furniture basically look
I drink this just kidding I'm going down
well it's not even real food
pretty bathroom this is Caleb's old room
we painted this always creeped you out
yes still thought we were supposed to
know oh it want to take all this as ours
ooh
what remember we half painted it now oh
it's cold down here so here's what we
need time this isn't ours this must be
the staging people's I don't think that
lairs yeah all right you guys a one more
room no I already showed the bathroom
and Caleb's room this is art this was
our spare room and we painted this too
she got stuck under those stairs room
yeah no not painted over
I drew a really big thing with eyeliner
your eyeliner I remember Oh
the tiles are linoleum isn't it good
question here he is he came yeah he came
here from Texas with us he's never been
at the new house so we need to bring him
and our old deck I hope you guys are
enjoying this tour some of you the
people who have been around from the
beginning Oh both locked
I can reach it anyways you guys probably
remember this and you're probably like
Oh
like we are oh I remember over here
he did a key judo chop tracks event lean
like an egg divider yeah we did egg
roulette and this is a butterfly bush
and when it's blooms once a year it's
like for a couple days there'll be
butterflies everywhere oh cool alright
let's go in oh did you lock the back
door just go in this way alright memory
I'm filming nothing they left our clock
still oh they use it okay you told us
it's the wrong Roman numeral I had
thought about putting the TV here at one
point remember we just never did we
would have needed a bigger couch but
this little sitting area was a good idea
my lunch here I know it looks so good
that Wendy no all right guys i slaved
over this food for hours
oh wait in other words I cooked it for
hours but instead I actually just
ordered it thank you
alright so what do you want I got an
orange chicken lemon shrimp
I got spring rolls and I have wontons
and I have the crab meat yeah wontons
I'll give you one of those you ready
let's fix you up late dinner is served
that's yours all right
dee-licious what the cream cheese in it
yeah you wanna dip it in something I'm
shopping it for online for like this is
one thing that I wanted them all but I
couldn't find it's a oversized hoodie
and then I saw something on Instagram it
was just this random like here's all my
export bitches this random person I
don't even know
wearing a Thrasher's shirt and I was
like well that's cute so I was like
maybe so I'm getting a Thrasher shirt
but I'm either gonna get a champion
oversized one and then a vans
regular-sized one or vans oversized one
and then champion regular sized one but
I don't know so I'm gonna go check out
this that vans only comes in a large so
that's the biggest size aren't really
big so when I look at this four champion
and both of them I kind of won't have to
be in blue for some reason I think when
man told me that that her favorite and
her champion one blue champion whoo hi
oh
some of them say champion all over and
then someone who just have like a little
see which one I like I think I just like
the seed be honest what kind of blue
extra-extra-large of men yeah so there's
an extra extra large in uh in the mid
size so it's not even like girl it's
gonna be so huge puts shop there I
wonder if it extra extra I was gonna be
way too big but that's the only size
they have let's go maybe I should I
don't know let's call my mama
oh my computer um so do you think an
extra extra-large and men's is too big
yeah so I don't want an extra large it
men's daddy where the national
ooh should I wear should I like large
vibrant like oversized in like the
length not the arms that's gonna be more
of a different fit though so I think
that maybe you should try to find that
it's stores you can try it on
no that makes sense instead of ordering
like that's the wrong size no let's go
stop it now boom I found her right here
it's in a girl's large okay I wouldn't
go bigger than a larger oh okay for
adults eyes it's a girl is large not
again I guess girl extra-large no
there's not that size for girls oh
that's just a mom I mean not a mom a
woman's whatever that is a girl's large
well girls different girls could be kids
no girl okay a lot kids larger too big
for kids learn oh who cares I'm getting
I'm getting a large okay my stuff okay
bye hi she just said we're deer or
something said we're d or a weirdo it's
a weirdo that's it okay I'm gonna Vance
I get the bathroom ooh
I probably get a small the fans yeah
okay so I got that one
yep cool so now I've gotta pay for these
with my wallet which are downstairs so I
gotta go get that so yeah that happened
I might go look at Brittany Melville yo
I just found out that PacSun has brandy
melville inside of it and I got so much
stuff from them the other day so let's
go do that
won't
and that is about we are going to get on
the plane right 5:30 in the morning so I
have to you know change into the pajamas
that I'm going to wear so you're gonna
help me let's go oh you need to turn
these lights on these pants they're very
basic hello I'm here and that works okay
now we're gonna change into this so
let's go ready three two one
Sarah go since I am magical and I just
put my clothes on from stopping and I
can't stop by the way doesn't come to me
I am in my pajamas
wait say don't have a mirror in a mirror
okay the air is covered by Miss coupons
which I don't
we're white still there okay here we go
this is something my hair is it better
if I'm we're like five days so don't
mind that into my heartbeat mirror it's
just great you're great and then my room
is a mess oh that's my god I'm just
forgot that oh don't show been a long
time okay I got this necklace it says
hailey it's super cute whoever gave this
to me thank you
what's up hey Madre I like my clothes
maybe no I didn't do what in it I did
hear that what did you break okay are
you planning on you know doing something
like this lovely have you brushed your
teeth tonight huh of course you said
what's the fortune daddy's working I can
hear my laundry that's driving me nuts
it's not done yet cuz I just want to go
to bed but I have to finish that so I'm
cleaning the kitchen while I'm waiting
are skilled at expressing yourself
that's mine yep I'm just kidding I
really wish it said you're going to
become a millionaire then I'd know it
was mine do I sound stuffy cuz I think I
have a cold or allergies
I'm asking you if I sound stuffy can
yeah I feel like I like how she said it
like how she said kidding after oh sorry
the tripod was our just sneeze i've been
sneezing all day and not just like
little baby sneezes like like yeah and
it just hurts like it's just there's
even no i'm sorry if you have headphones
on oh that's Gigi no all right we'll be
back you guys what the question of the
day Wow I'm gonna send I think Annie's
up there she did some shopping and now
she is finishing some school up so I'm
gonna send little hey hey check a pay up
and a few minutes to do a question of
the day one little piggy two little
piggy three little piggy
it's time for the question of the day
and the question it's going to be what's
your favorite like chip mine is either
Doritos or some vinegar or what is that
like onion stop sour onions from Annie
what's your favorite um chip so don't
forget to comment down below cuz we want
to know the question of the day is
what's your favorite trip be number two
celebrate life
Beibei thanks for watching
Britt Ailey
