today I'm bailing effort right now we
are going to the heart doctor no yeah
today good morning everyone
right now we are going to the heart
doctor and it's gonna be great
and it was 77 degrees happen at 69 but
it was 77 I promise
how do they drop that much during the
garage it was like
oh yeah
so yeah that's what we're going right
now Rebecca and Matt and Hailey and
daddy are home hoping to go to cleanse
Oh anything's people go to climb zone
every time they do they do don't they
every time every single time daddy yes
I'm talking about you
have fun it haunts him I'll be over here
getting a little heart scanned why are
you getting your little heart scaredy
okay then it's been a year since I have
done it and Hayley it would be a year
for her but she had felt dizzy at school
one day so she went to the hard doctor
and got it checked again so she she's
good and going to like a product a
palapa so yeah I should have just guided
my heart check to that no he wouldn't do
it
excuse me I know I would get your girl's
heart scan every month if I could
I can find a doctor tonight no I don't
really need it every month but every six
she's she's actually like thinking about
Hawking before she was like I mean I
could try to find a doctor I know so
yeah it's better than the dentist so
that's what we're doing
she's officially five feet now she has
to put this gown on so so bye we're now
in another room she's had her EKG which
looked normal
she just got the echo done which is
where they scan it it's kind of like a
well it is an ultrasound just send up
the heart and then it's all normal that
it can be normal not everybody has it
been special so he was walking in we cut
off now it's just I don't think it
doesn't anything for you sorry but he
was coming in when I cut the camera off
real quick no we don't want to like you
know it's just weird so it looks good
everything looks good she got the I was
explaining what the ultrasound was it's
like when a lady when you can see the
baby in the mommy's belly but she they
were looking at her heart five foot 84
pounds and her heart walls look good
they look exactly how they should be for
her height age and size I'm sure their
walls
Oh cause Caleb's HCM is what Caleb had
and it's the wall of the heart his walls
of his heart got too thick so it's I
guess stop blender blue so they're
mainly looking I'm either looking at
other things just to check their main
we're mainly looking at and Nick so then
don't know were like just are knocking
the boys get it well only well only boys
have died from a two boys have died from
it and then but girls having yes Caleb
in another but it was a long
long time ago wait now young boys like I
think I have a my mom had a cousin who
was like in his 40s that died from it
but he was diagnosed later in life so it
either I think it's the problems that
either hits at puberty or later in life
but later in life people usually you
usually find it for some reason that's
the ones that yeah okay anyways enough
talk about that we're happy to have
another good good scan and now we're
gonna go eat
blurry oh my gosh it's raining out
you're you crazy jump do it it's raining
out here that's what I'm like it coming
slowly back inside they really wanted to
go in the river before leaving here but
it is raining last night it was started
to lightning so they didn't go you go on
the jet ski her the rain hurt and now
they're playing in slime cuz why not hey
we gotta get sat on the ground I know I
got towels somewhere there's one I got I
got to climb I know they have a song
about slime y'all didn't get up to 55
miles an hour did you no wonder it hurts
Hayley didn't go oh you got a you guys
get that slime off your feet oh no no no
do not walk yo Hayley
I was using this towel to clean the
dog's wetness okay don't don't don't
walk Oh
gonna be one of those days huh
hailey oh really
when did I get your mole every day that
ends and why you guys are as good news
we got all the videos up right they're
being uploaded right now they are ready
for your viewing pleasures Rebecca's
channel links are below
Hailey's channel Annie's channel and
then a bonus nasty fish two o'clock
they'll be up so by the time they see
this and a bonus fish videos coming soon
right nasty fish that was brutal and I
didn't even I just had to smell it
alright we were all gonna go to the
airport until we realize that and we
don't all fit for seven people so the
girls and I are not gonna go there three
stories of Mostar to DC way to go TC
yeah I mean you had to go shopping so we
got to say goodbye now how's Annie
shoves food in her mouth
they were so bummed to drive to the
airport it's so much fun we like timing
the airport I don't mind
okay kids maybe kids don't like driving
the airport but I was like alright hey
goodbye to Matt and Rebekah Annie's
Annie likes could byes they're her
favorite they're not goodbyes are see
you laters we're gonna be out in that
area next week yeah like I mean come on
girl
chicken
chicken girls chicken I can't believe
it's out already and savvy both your
shows are both out right now well savvy
technically out technically out in like
an hour but oh you just fill your water
on you it's not out another hour I'm
gonna need you to dump it over your head
though so that the thumbnails better
really know yeah I have a breakdown oh
good good
what are you doing over here cuz they're
leaving and you have to get down and say
goodbye cuz they need to leave in three
minutes
why do you need that we all laugh at
Billy's thumbnail or in titles because
it's just what we do every day so so you
might most people do like clickbait you
could never save the potatoes like beat
you I went through and read their titles
out loud and they are not you know you
probably could leave a little or like
they were mad about the girl um
someone's got a boyfriend but Luna and
yeah
hailey it was really the horse dramatic
happening it will be titled a very wet
day today is sad it's very wet outside
today because that's those daily
vloggers from Gaza mole oh no that's a
good one they should watch this that's
not click I don't think clickbait I
don't think the baby brink was clicked
no no I really did prank people that is
truth but I may have known a pregnancy
belly for a picture like but that's a
good video - you can just go check out
all her videos alright
thanks for coming Matt's like ruddy
she's still shouting down and thinks it
was fun thanks for all the videos were
great we've been having a lot of company
and then the company leave now our house
is gonna be so quiet we're gonna be
staring at each other like now what
music teaching yourself well Matt help
with some chords right we had so much
fun
I've never maybe you should just stop
talking we will see each other so soon
see you in like 45 minutes village we'll
see you next week bye guys
bye Matt and Rebekah are so sneaky what
they sent this and that nice of them it
got here the same day like they're
sneaky they must have ordered it like
yesterday or something so thoughtful of
them so we are grubbing on some fruit
we're making it like a really chill
night and not doing much all like laying
down doing nothing I just laid in bed
for like two hours you did fall asleep
to get some Matt and Rebekah fruit yes
what what you did it cuz I thought what
what just remember what yeah you have no
Instagram pictures left um so I edited
the video
and we just we just want to see them
they're so pretty no no you guys can see
they can't see Peyton oh wow
that's what the videos looks like you
wanna come watch it and he did a haul of
some of the new clothes she got and she
edited it did you edit the flaunt your
slime video no your she had it they
edited your DIY video I'm not every
touched it
Oh some of the cuts are good I have to
watch it well he's an amazing not right
now no without you doing it in the bulk
edit you don't like what I like what
like the things we talked about we've
had this discussion before that'd be my
Instagram looked like that how cool
would that it looks pretty cool I got a
look at the pictures first before you
post them and watch the video first
before you post it
Casca let's go so we are gonna continue
this night of we've just night of
relaxing but what I was gonna say but
we've been in a lot well you haven't
been you've been working I we just had
we been go go go
had lots of great company and you know
just when your house settles down you're
just kind of like oh let's that's what
I've been doing for the last couple
hours here tomorrow
you know you're doing school tomorrow
it's true I like the way you think
all right so we'll be back a little bit
later I think we've had a good day we'll
be back probably with a question of the
day or if something interesting happens
but until then we'll see you later
tonight hey guys it's time to crush the
day but I just want to tell you guys
that there's absolutely no one on my
couch except my just my blinky snoring
I'd you she's no longer tops I'm hiding
her from yawning can you breathe okay so
the question today is
what other country would you choose to
live in and why New Zealand because it's
a beautiful name countries England
Ireland England or France and Turkey
I love how heroism I can I want to have
an England an English accent in Paris in
Paris don't forget to come tumble up
soon another question today that's right
what other country would you choose to
live in and why bye guys we'll see you
tomorrow
always remember to celebrate life
thanks for watching
Vitaliy
