today we look how it's still sitting on
my counter no no no no the deal was
tonight no you were not playing the
board game until good morning everybody
we're filming videos all day in this
video don't tell it don't give away the
only word will say is glitter but you're
not gonna know what is going on why so
we are going to this craft store to get
supplies they're filming three videos
today one on our Channel one on our
Channel and one on Rebecca's channel so
stay tuned for some fun videos yeah
slime everywhere slime slime slime is
taking over the world I like the clear
to the slimes long
make it other time
but a bitter even beautiful
by that song on iTunes just kidding that
would be cool though I don't think it's
on iTunes butter slime I've always try
to make that you you haven't made it I
thought we've made butter slime butter
Steinman's with model magic oh I love
how slime has not the gone out of style
yet I thought it was slipping away but
we're bringing it back okay we find some
glitter that's what we're here for
I bet you there's a whole thing of
glitter extra fun the mother bear's me
well apparently that's what we're doing
me I'm experimenting what are we gonna
do it so hate it so much glitter and we
need a bunch of you guys this is gonna
be amazing
he's pranking people as we walk by well
not pranking other people pranking us
Rebecca just Rebecca not strangers he
rolled the tape through and was like
mouth
this is Annie's costume for oh wait
because they're not doing the skit now I
don't think she changed her mind now
you're all in black for no reason no
what are you doing the the glitter skit
no so you've gotten dressed to be in
your skit I think you're gonna be in the
background you can still be in it you
could glitter a pumpkin could it so
that's a good time it was Halloween
simile weird we need to do that I know
you think it's let's just make one just
for the fun of it
do you want a real pumpkin earth at this
moment this pumpkin this one pumpkin
it's a good pumpkin
me Rebecca Hawkins I like glitter
pumpkin that is so cool I know Oh
Halloween super cute and if you want to
decorate your room for fall exactly
we're gonna give you some good litter
school letters gold Rebecca wants the
glitter Hayley your name is kind of kid
you got a glitter it in black oh there's
more glitter Hey look litter look at the
glitter oh my god oh and there's glue
for glittering hey where's Jojo Jojo
she's in every store every Jojo I didn't
know we were gonna meet here you didn't
tell me you were coming couch and he's
like what what looks good looks so good
like I heard it was looking good out
here so crazy do you think this has been
sitting in your living room
we're finally recycling it I know I love
the colors are looking awesome I feel
about vibrant they are these are
Hayley's room and don't worry you guys
you're gonna get to see it all on aunt
Annies channel and you guys already did
the music please yeah so that's that's
two down almost we mix all these
together we're done and then we'll just
just glitter what just the glitter video
all right
we work in uh-oh I won't get in your way
it's weird though because it almost is
like overlay blend yeah cuz when you hit
it it's easy but then you don't like
look that's how it was and I was just
punching it
so what shells gold just gonna put it in
there and make ya a giant random and
then mix it all in okay you guys stay
tuned to see if it happens like they
plan
you know it's a good video win when
you've got to wash your hair out with
slime and it videos one more right all
right all right let's use it they're
killing it with videos well I'm not
really doing much I'm standing around
behind the scenes occasionally you -
yeah you know all right it's everyday I
know you're in here
yeah there's you yeah it's good that you
had dirty hair when you did this because
now you can just go up and wash yeah
even better and then you find more 75
more find surprises everywhere yeah I'm
gonna add a little bit more shampoo I
like in revenge never back hey dogs and
Matt this is all our crafts we went a
little nutso the craft store this is
what's next you guys glitter and
Halloween's uh-oh
they're constantly making up songs so
how'd it go I see you're back at the
sink yeah cleanup time glitter that was
the glitter video glitters okay but I've
got a surprise for you does that mean
we're three order bratayley if you want
their own check it out
that's so yeah can you put one on oh no
you're dirty don't get the look
somebody's got to model it for me am I
not gonna be right by the way what are
you're gonna be blue and black okay
Rebecca which one do you like the best
well we'll play that game I like you
okay cuz I love teal pink and that so
that one and then I like yellow and
black so I like the colors on that like
all my favorite colors in one I think
they came out good I feel like they're
like this one's like really retro
looking yeah okay well these are on
pre-order my friends I think they ship
September 15th so I'll be the first one
I love it
Haley come get yours hey that's really
matte matte you hit it I said it's very
retro and you're like Saved by the Bell
it's very Saved by the Bell cooking yo I
know we just aged ourselves there but
Saved by the Bell was the show at one
time yeah yeah yeah the show yes tied up
that'll be cute see you need the didn't
you need is that more shirt we should
watch it bigger all you sizes but we
might be something format just go to
bratayley dot-com slash store that's the
nasty fish that we've been challenged to
do that I don't think we're gonna do
throw up in the room intestine smell it
no seriously or he should just yeah if
you don't do it we're putting the fish
in your room I will wake you up tomorrow
see it up in your blankey he said
alright I'm gonna finish my commercial
bratayley comm / door preorder it think
they ship the 15th or you can click the
link below they're really cute Haley's
gonna put hers onto the orange one
this shirt comes free with a French
Bulldog just kidding dog not included
although if she pees on my floor one
more time I might give her away I don't
she's mad because the Haley was playing
ball with her and then she stopped all
right Haley let's see this shirt it's
this one says love life and it's got the
bratayley bee on it and it's not like
are you teaching this mop we're just
trying to do new things inspire people
you should love your life and it's got
these really cool colors like like I
don't know what you would call that and
I like going it with the scrunchie yeah
we tied it up with a scrunchie and then
or you can do or you can use it as a
nightgown it's very versatile or a dress
you could put a belt on that and totally
have a dress I really like it it came
out really good so movie night or game
night I told Danny we could but then
look Lorraine just kept getting harder
and harder let's go so Annie started
cleaning out the slime closet and this
is how far we got look how it's still
sitting on my counter no no no no the
deal was tonight no you were not playing
the board game until oh no
I was gonna tell you how Haley got slime
all over at the meetup but you guys were
there I just looked over look I don't
know how it got all over Haley how did
you get slime all over you at the meet
up and it got all over you oh yeah bed
marker all Sharpie all over you sat on
sharpies yes I did you know it's okay
Haley that's life sometimes sometimes
you sit on sharpies climb all over your
shoe just roll with it that's all I can
say what's this that a Jolly Rancher
okay Rebecca's gonna try it now we're
gonna see if it's Wow just laugh and I
left okay it look like it's a mom that
can't be airway
hello what's a Rebecca trial Hayley
you're not helping out okay yeah Wow
okay Rebecca always blames me but now
I'm certain disease no quote unquote the
common denominator I would be stretching
it that's Billy it's pretty good family
game nights plans more glue in place
it's Rebecca and Hayley against Tim I
can snap against me I'm winning just
saying I'm winning this game well I'm
not losing so I must be winning
I mean tada you're weird you're gonna
hang out in the ballroom like your cart
like you should look at your paper
boring hey Superboy
I didn't you guys oh nice okay
that you just took a chair one two three
four five six hey I think you go in when
you don't go you don't they make us see
you can do you want to do you want are
you gonna make an accusation what is it
you're to say it out loud you know green
what in the okay wrong you're out
but if she's wrong then we are someone
lied right it's not you got a lie no no
put it down how would we oh because
someone could have had no Matt could
have guessed his own cards okay so okay
it's gotten good have a big decision
this could risk our game we feel like we
have to do this because I are you doing
what Annie did you're just going like
use a shoe yeah no you can look that we
have to make the guest because otherwise
you might lose it
okay so nice to show Katie haba though
showing you what the revolver in the
kitchen mrs. peacock
praval ver kitchen okay peacock peacock
oh wait no they just look at these not
smiling like me got along like we mess
in the dark revolver kitchen it's
between two people by feel like act to
say it's getting so close okay so it is
the dining room that's not I didn't know
that over three vulvar daddy
hope and I think it's thanks people
I think you got it I know but why did
you had a monster green he knew as Picon
so I thought why didn't you call it why
do you touch that okay so here's the one
I thought was a dining room I wanted to
make sure it's the dining room okay and
you need all these I knew it was a
revolver because I guess that on the
this one right here where I had the
lounge okay and mr. grant yeah yeah and
then yeah I knew exactly what it was
fortunately I roll the tip is down
between while you're trying to get in
there so I thought he knew and meanwhile
GG is stinking it up good game everybody
good day do you thought you had it me -
can't we forget so we win yeah oh my
gosh
so guys we were challenged challenged by
a few people in this room and from
Brooklyn and Bailey to do Brooklyn and
Bailey's world world seemed Elias
stinkiest nastiest fish world challenge
and I think we're gonna do it so
apparently this has got like what they
say some Vikings had this on their it's
like fermented and it's it's there's
like all this sign so Billy ordered it
we knew we had been challenged and we
just watched their video rebecca was
gagging just watching the video
apparently like when we open it it's
going to smell and so apparently we're
doing it right now
oh you are ready apparently we're doing
it right now wait wait wait what are you
getting better on we're seeing each
other
shaking eyes she'll be in the video the
whole time and eat it No
poor Rebecca is gonna have to do with us
all okay you don't eat it all right so
we're gonna end or ending our blog right
now okay we're gonna end the vlog this
video I don't know where our challenge
will be up but it will be up question of
the day what's the nastiest thing you've
ever eaten I know yours oh yeah yeah
what's a nastiest thing you've ever
heard Vegemite I'm saying Vegemite but I
think it's gonna be this alright so guys
we'll see you tomorrow I don't know when
this nasty fish video will be up or any
of the ones they film today is a day
full of filming so yeah gather some barf
bags we'll see you tomorrow comment down
below the nastiest thing you've ever
they were y'all go watch Brooklyn and
Bailey's video because yea though it was
I was even bagging watching that whore
Bailey sorry poor Brooklyn the hardest
time doing it out of go watch their
video it's it's funny / sad at the same
time I am so nervous even smell it oh my
gosh so like we're setting it up we're
apparently doing it right now so stay
tuned to see our bratayley
talese met nastiest fish you will want
that are you okay guys no you shoot him
up didn't you see you tomorrow guys
always remember to celebrate life
based on baby
thanks for watching
for tailee
