it must be nice to lay in bed and get a
patient okay so we are up well I'm up
moszer up someone stayed out really late
last night I was so surprised how late
you stay now so there was they didn't
join a question today obviously guys but
I was business I made sure Hayden went
to bed
thank you no it's like literally not
kidding he's got some check I walked him
to his room and he was not with anybody
would loan Oh Jimmy I think kidney like
this he can't he's okay by himself
do you think yeah my dad's gone I was
like okay like I feel like eight you're
sitting there and falls asleep like I
don't do judo state and there till he
fell asleep people were out and like
hate him standing there I'm like so what
he needs to bring him to bed he's
performing tomorrow oh I think I just
cut his mom he's not here and I paid
with his mommy like snoring by 2:30
all right Haley's date with Paula in
Sydney which was super good because you
know we're a little cramped in this room
I know she got to hang out with them so
that's cool so we're about to go to
sound check Annie's being getting the
royal treatment can we make sure it's
natural
that's the coolest mascara ever wait
this is she has to have a little bit of
that maroon color because I've heard
andreas gotta bring out the color yeah
but can you not know this isn't much I'm
fine with makeup for the for the
performance but I don't mean oh she
needs like heavy for the no airy for the
Meetup
she does have to be ready for soundcheck
guys that's why I like we're gonna
soundcheck first but there's no time to
come back here so she's gonna look good
for a sound check look great all right
so that's um oh yeah for sure alright my
friends here we go now she's gonna laugh
because you told me not to laugh I had
to laughs yeah
apparently I wasn't pulling it correctly
so she took over going to meet Brooke
and Hayden so these guys can make sure
all the sound equipment works for the
performance later or this afternoon
waiting on us yeah come on sage love you
funny
there's Brooke today I'll be singing the
national anthem just I knew Brooke would
do it she sounds warmed up you guys
how's it gonna be good
all right I've never been on the stage
but I feel like I'm gonna get off now
because I'm I'm not feeling it I've
never been up here not not at playlist
never done a back panel you had been I
know funny story
Annie's never used the track I didn't
have a track when they rehearse last so
Brookes practicing with her two notes Oh
an e note want to come in they are so
cute
and there's just Hayden but Annie
checked it they're the right mics an
e-check fit that yours
I think Hayden's got the white sticker
yeah that's all right then Brooke Hayden
yeah brooke has Hayden and then they'll
swap to a third thing you will do you
know we heard how late you say that was
my pickles like what how late all the
mommies in the room were like your mommy
enough Notley
Annie went to bed she wasn't didn't go
to sleep after midnight but we were up
in the room by 10:30
she couldn't fall asleep she was waiting
on somebody to snapchat her back
go get your in ears in I didn't know
what any er until like three months ago
four months ago
yeah cuz they're tagging you in it
you sounded amaze yeah thank you though
you're well thank you you guys did it
you sounded really good for not what
y'all didn't warm up so y'all are gonna
warm up before no you're you are for
sure warming up no because I'm your
mother and I can tell you to warm up she
sounds amazing
so I'm gonna climb oh she's on better on
the climb that what you're saying oh
that's true
you're worried about you and Brooke
sounded amazing you're welcome because
you guys aren't warmed up there yep and
y'all are all yawning do alright you
have to go to the green room we have to
check in for your Meetup I was just
tired yeah uh-huh
alright my friends good sleep really
that's cool Brookes gonna teach at least
Annie and hopefully Hayden they're gonna
warm up to it it'll be fun and then
you're gonna sound so good cuz your
voice is gonna be like Oh Thank You
Hayden for warming me up
he's going back to bed I'm almost
positive thanks for the support guys oh
gosh Kings in the vlog write it down
guys fifth time ever fifth time ever
we're going to our Meetup all right she
looks so cute in her little free fall
outfit Freebo our free fall where are we
going
follow the blue line guys
that's way up there he left Rebecca and
the baby who's your favorite person in
here
really crying thank you
but your name's Bree nice to meet you
the poor tailor to use a clay thanks for
coming guys girl
what's your name hey Jason you have a
youtube channel hey Kati I wouldn't
we're gonna watch all right what are you
- Oh Jason cycling tracks as I get it
tell me his last name I thought I heard
stop okay oh look at that stacking a
nice tack all right not vile Sammy and
what is your name tastic fantastic
Luke's helping you out I know you too
bad you're not Sam today's plugs yes
we're plugging down here I'm Haley
LeBron James Stewart
Haley dot LeBlanc Haley Darla bonk she's
almost a two million you guys go follow
her
yeah million guys every week my birthday
go follow me later - birthday's over
Haley's almost a to get Haley too - hi
Oh what how cool
hi oh what roll
a ninja roll I don't like a handstand
forward roll type thing I hate you we do
my office in my room oh don't do it we
just watch The BFG and now we got to get
them ready for ready for what are y'all
doing oh yeah
performing so we got to do any hair well
she's too tired yeah
alright so that's all I thought all
right what's going on I'm drinking water
on a toilet thanks for that Annie what's
going on with you yes well they are how
she is she's first and you know then
y'all do your hair so we can go rock
your hair rock your hair yes please use
rock your hair alright shame on you
looks bad doesn't look bad that's just
messy
yeah you putting in my hair on my
fatigues your face
feels like you're putting in my hair I
can do this
are you putting blush on I'm just
kidding in this powder she's all dressed
up yeah they all didn't coordinate but
you look nice she looks nice so we're
good all right so they're in there
warming up their voices
Brooks Brooks warming them up hey brick
love your hair really cute warm your
voice
voices are often that there but because
there's Brooks got this down
sorry guys I missed it they were bent
over doing their vocal exercises
learning all kinds of tricks
we lost Hayden he's practicing in his
own vocal rest you guys are a vocal
resting they're warm and he's drinking
some throat coat pleasure to see you sip
it good yeah yeah how you feelin alive I
love Brooke how you feel
hey okay it's almost time it's almost
time and II just said this for her
nerves kick in you are you guys are
gonna do great they've got about five
minutes
it's
oh I made it I've made it nice all her
nerves are kicking in you just want to
do it you got it
and shake it out shake it out are you
nervous I know and that cute I made it
all right good luck girls you're gonna
do great
nailed it
nailed it y'all did great
oh great you sounded really good you're
welcome
I didn't hug you because I was filming
you sounded beautiful
I got a vlog this moment guys this is
history for everybody that moment I
almost shut it here
the climb and little did you know those
are tear shutters right there you almost
shed a tear
you're proud of them oh yeah you guys
sounded really good it was much better
y'all sounded really good at sound check
but y'all sound even better yeah you
know so I'm all three of you sounded
amazing amazing no you did amazing you
know so proud of all three of you
there's man Rebecca I remember your
first performance and now and like it's
like so like you've grown already so
much like I haven't seen you like do you
feel more confident now you're like oh
yeah it was so they did good
and now you're really good so good good
job Hey
so beautiful right Brooks got an amazing
you guys killed it go into the rock your
hair booth on your lion but they're
waiting for you we need Billy Tolley are
Annie and Haley getting the middle Syd
come on I'm leading Oh got the rear
my name is Kayla go follow me on
minecraft in the lowercase T okay guys I
love you Annie so much and follow my
Instagram officially underscore at
Gabriella 16 a nice Advocates page
leaves us today for a couple weeks I
thought she was dead because I'm leaving
oh yeah that's why right you might
notice something a little different when
she gets when she goes what are you
gonna do Paige what if he doesn't do it
Curtis no pressure just stop now just
stop now poor Annie oh they're having a
moment over here alright we're going to
eat Shake Shack
Hayden hug yes again it's a great place
for all of us to go so Hayden right now
is going up to people saying hi and then
if they don't say hi back he's yeah he's
saying I'm just kidding I don't really
want to say hi I never mean they weren't
really mean they're rude to a
twelve-year-old they're rude to you
Hayden what are you gonna do about that
nothing my museum it'll be okay before
Daniela I hope he's not watching this
okay I love you Paige no pressure
I like I'll make him call you right
before I say dad tell him to go live
with we can all watch it okay
no crime footage because the lights
right there I'm good because you're so
beautiful
only two weeks you guys don't worry
I don't know bye guys
thanks for everything
and he's not willing so means he died
last night um
Rock'em into this place right we asked
for dessert I don't know if I should be
suggesting this cuz I work here but you
should go over there and get dessert and
you see it over there you guys that's
where we're going that's what you call a
bat oh oh my battery dying but you guys
stay tuned I think I can get a little
more battery out of this adventure it
Haden was doubt and just got water so
it's a cinnamon swirl and cereal milk or
something and we've got it both and some
buttered corn flakes or something I got
sprinkles eating breakfast it's true
it's true but I think those were good
exactly like cereal mogensen I think she
gave me Justin oh my god hmm so y'all
real and easy try it well well well look
who woke up from a nap and got hungry
and now it's almost midnight our
schedule has been so off from playlist
oh my my battery's flashing so so Haley
ate a chicken sandwich a couple bites of
that now she's a grubbin on some
chocolate cake so um
Annie's asleep
one was asleep thank you
Kate we cheesecake Annie Annie wasn't
feeling the ice cream there's not much
after hours we got to talk fast because
my battery is flashing so what's the
question of the day what's your favorite
kind of cake fish cake all right we're
just gonna go with that sea creature so
mine can be a dolphin and a sea horse to
your come up come up with so many good
ones okay we got to talk that she
doesn't get what favorite means sea
creature what's your favorite mine is a
dolphin or sea turtle all right guys
playlist was a blast and it likes on
really good so exciting to be here today
was our busiest day by far but was the
only day that we had anything scheduled
so we are exhausted
we are napped though some of us napped
so some of us might not be going to
sleep soon but others have been up since
7:00 these two people right here man
having forum to meetups cuz we did the
rock your hair one to Haley did that one
and two only thing she didn't do today
was perform well she was there for it
people are us gonna take pictures okay
today you're alright my friends we are
going to see you tomorrow comment down
below your favorite sea creature thanks
for tuning in today it was tiny it is
perfect ice cream was just different
that's what we're gonna say it was good
but it was very sweet okay we took the
battery out put it back in got a little
more juice bye we'll see you tomorrow we
were in the middle of that okay bye bye
we're sizes announced
first episode of chicken girls is out
right now go to brats you too
always remember to celebrate baby thanks
for watching Vitaliy
