happy birthday to you happy birthday to
you happy birthday dear hailey because
it's 12:30 7:00 at night in the mornin
happy birthday to you but you can't
officially nine one more year to
double-digit okay well what do you think
do you feel old one year away from ten
whoo
hello 9 are you gonna be like different
now that you're 9 like cool and happy
and nice and choking nope that's not
good are you wearing that yeah okay guys
so we literally how many times have we
been back and forth probably like 20 we
can't keep up we like we're like we're
like we're gonna go to lay down and they
were like oh we're gonna go something
they were like oh yeah sorry
found brush so that means Brooke is here
okay you get the first time cuz it's
your birthday so you get the first hug
where's Brooke
good morning it's officially Haley's
birthday even though it's officially
Haley's birthday at 2:00 in the morning
when we were talking about this last
night
we're up we're ready well almost ready
can you believe she's nine look at that
nine-year-old face oh no I think she's
nine at tic fish or two ish yeah I can't
remember sorry it's if you're six and
you're too and she was like the middle
of the night no no
all right so we're about to go get some
lunch and start in this day told you I
knew they'd scream your goalie just
kidding
oh it's gonna be the booth we sat in log
sit alone why not fags it's so blurry
blurry it's so blurry
and also wanna fuckers it doesn't want
to see her
Haley
and what is that just you're on the blog
these cameras
it's the retain these
enjoying that awful
oh no with the house on my face oh are
you enjoying that food so good so good
is it good
I'm blogging for you now
can I be your cameraman I need a visa
okay
we're out of grown-ups I'm the only
grown-up I always get myself in this I
know you got work I wanted them to walk
the streets it was so good outside
they're after you Max or Harvey all we
lift your loss
thank you well they're bad
that's how Billy rolls he likes all no
no we're tomorrow we have a meeting
there like water so we trip Billy
how's that feel to be 9 that good huh it
feels like she's 8 and 366 days old
alright I'm so tired I can't even think
alright 365 days in a year and nervous
and rush turns 13 rook I feel like I
haven't seen you like what's going on
here well right now we're waiting for an
elevator let's go I'm waiting on an
elevator what really are you waiting on
an elevator probably not I already did
we're going to dinner to celebrate some
people's
hers someone's gonna be a teenager time
to start acting like a team anyway no
baby doll when I get mine back twelve
three years
it were I didn't think I was gonna work
that's why I got the camera you gotta
get rid of that bracelet so you can get
the new bracelet next party please I
don't know if I'm making it to the party
no no if I'm making it to the party but
Oreo dessert here we are at dinner we've
got the crew the fam everybody's here
and I think there's gonna be happy
birthday I'm singing for those two at
the end a little bit later hey Brooke
yeah Wow
not yet nevermind they jumped the gun on
you
we did we decide
and Haley we already saying to you we
got so confused
Russia's snapchatting his birth his
birthday cake blow out the candle
alright here's the scoop we're eating
the birthday
she can't keep eating the dessert and
like char tongue went numb when Anna
Haley how is it how is it too busy the
crew coming out of the restaurant how's
your tongue took him a second well that
was a fun dinner Fork is giving us a
little dinner day after dinner dance
it's huge it really could knock me out
with it swollen tongue is it really
still foolish you can knock me out with
that song Jen Paige let's see wait I
need to see this Billy what we're
crossing a street not as cute Curtis but
I'm just saying like he was like not
creepy
all right so we're walking back to the
hotel walk-in the streets of DC and it's
her birthday for a couple more hours
tomorrow we have a very busy day we've
got sound check we've got a meet-up
we've got a mum mum mum mum
up and then I'm drawing a blank
filming what are we doing what are we
doing tomorrow I can't even think of it
I know I saw you out of the court of my
eye I'm like oh the pressure is on rock
your hair vlog going okay so let me just
start that again we've got sound check
for the performance
amita we've let sounds like we got me up
we got some and then the performance
appointment and that's it but it's a lot
maybe sleep huh she's brought it but
Katie's accepting human poop it was
human poop it was she she just stepped
in a massive human proceeding with hey
hey show me a bottle rub it on the boat
show it show me the bottle flip it over
flip her over
I'm gagging I'm actually gagging that's
disgusting he called he sure that you
like I can't that's disgusting what'd
you just do
apparently I stepped in human who she
stepped in a homeless man's poo on the
sidewalk and then Haley tried to throw
it at people
oh my god how do you feel the smell good
really good about life right now your
luck is just up there just can't help it
Wow
this is the conversation I said Annie
I'm gonna film don't look like a lump on
a log and move your blankie and your
phone she goes mommy those are my two
favorite things and then I turn the
camera on and then you guys heard so I
said engage with the camera Annie no one
wants to watch you no one wants to see
your face in the phone again what's that
mean visit memes anyways Hayley and I
are no your name's Annie Annie and I are
being lazy and everybody else is at the
party and we went for like five minutes
and Annie's really tired she's got a
long day tomorrow so we decided just a
coming here and do this and Annie's
still not engaging with the camera means
there should be a meme of you talking
about how memes are the greatest so we
should go ahead do a question of the day
but we're gonna do our you a party
animal or a Wallflower he's still at the
party he's a party animal so that's it I
think that's a good question today what
do you guys think comment down below
Hayley's more of a party animal when she
wants to be when she's in the mood but
it's her birthday so I'm glad she's
partying like an animal okay so this is
gonna be us for the rest of the night we
will we'll see you later Annie's got
some performances and some meetups we've
all we've all kind of meet up but
Annie's got a little bit of a longer day
so wish her luck thanks for all your
support
who's our second stage performance for
singing are you nervous no it's got a
duet with Brooke do it with Hayden
and we'll see if we get through it okay
bye guys
always remember to celebrate thanks for
watching Vitaliy
