good morning guys this is my hair for
today you get the pretty good style got
a little toner in it I'm just gonna
leave it all day what would happen if
you did that what if you left the toner
and all day so yeah so we're talking my
hair right now I have math 20 more
minutes 20 minutes until we're done room
box came on and yeah thanks a lot oh
well thank you so you might know that
Annie knows that Hayden's coming to that
but what she doesn't know is she's
coming way earlier than she thought so
we've been telling her he's not going to
late late tonight and I'm actually going
to the store right now and I'm going to
pick him up and we're gonna meet at
Mission barbecue and
she's not gonna expect it at all because
she thinks he's not getting back at all
or getting here until late tonight so
we'll see how they react I can't ever
get the camera on fast enough fourth
page no Annie
all right we are on our way to go me
because I'm starv any just starving
we're going to get some barbecue I never
get to be in the selfies oh she got her
hair done and her makeup and I'm in LA I
just wanted to do my hair because Paige
just toned it and I'm like let me do my
makeup too but I doesn't change clothes
yeah but you sign in and a lakh is
always dressed I got them and now we get
to go surprise Annie yeah did you guys
know she did this yes no she do you were
coming she just thinks you're coming out
like 11 o'clock tonight is it rude that
I've had phones in yes it is
this is true story he never listened
Billy told me never to listen to parents
I never said that Hey oh no they're
right there they're right there guys
they're right there
No
I went all the way around a long way
right there man to your clothes did you
see behind me you want to give it away
hey how are you yeah we didn't see you
pulling here
I'm just stealthy I went around and then
it made me u-turn and it was bad no when
I loop and I thought you saw him someone
I said like you're like laughing I know
I almost ruined it I was like I think
they have two stops are you better now
Paige or you are you happy
this is Smoky Mountain it's my favorite
yep
what'd you try Texas no I'm gonna keep
it Texas
Oh
yay where's which one did you get Smoky
Mountain you like try a little of
everything look like you have to go I
need you even do barbecue sauce get out
that you will not you smoke all the mac
and cheese here at delicious
oh you went out of shot you already
crashed it five minutes in actually
wasn't even five minutes thirty seconds
in Haley is pretty professional there
goes
please be careful I don't like when I go
like that I think it's the the driveways
bumpy whoa not that I know of no we can
be the first after you guys go practice
and you're not hurt after the
performance
so it's break your bones for my deck is
pretty old I wouldn't even stand on that
right there well actually it might be
better they meet out here anyway cuz
they okay my dogs don't have manners and
they will jump on you so just push them
down like with your knee Piper no
actually it might be better out here
you gotta learn to be rude because hey
you guys couldn't that whinny they can't
come pass this one the white one we will
pay attention to you when you guys can
behave no don't call them right now
we've got us phone in this pocket just
in case that's plenty of time to change
somewhere to go we would have really
pushed you in we're doing a house tour
oh we're so cute you're not a very good
tour guide yeah
Oh ready yeah we're gonna count many
times Hayden says Liddy this weekend
somebody keep track
lit but but better but more linear'
splash the ground I know it's not I'm
not bad fat okay I'm putting all my
weight on it lift up your feet that's
some gymnasts there's a bathroom so
sensitive this is my room
and sometimes Billy's depending on a
feed in the doghouse or not bathroom
yeah yes some cute kids are in there
that I know page 21 I'll swim no Carson
I don't think I haven't looked through
it I just skipped right to you guys
beaver what
that's Liddy y'all smell that it's the
bunny okay there's your room Hayden
right in here Oh better advice yeah the
dog room and storage all right guys good
night smells actually smells better in
there then right here we locked the dog
then we're having a fire a little doggie
door thing we have a doggie door out
here I know we yeah but they don't use
it is it how you turn it into a
Jackalope yet not yet
I saw him what a Jackalope was it she'd
only go to Cooper Trevor's she never
heard of it
this is bunny hailey named at frisbee
but we call it bunny
like that sign so we're talking
technical we're coming to rehearse
hopefully we can get this knocked out in
an hour he'll if true that would have
been the end of the world thank you
hopefully we don't spend the first half
of rehearsal trying to hook this stuff
up go get it
the reason you had them actually
No
yeah it's not airing nine minutes good
mornin I told Annie that she needs to
get some stickers oh this one doesn't
have stickers
this one has stickers yeah you're right
famous stickers y'all we look way more
legit than last time when me Brooke and
Nicole came ten Annie
we had nothing no equipment they well we
had a track yeah and microphones but we
got the real equipment so right now we
are rehearsing and hopefully will take
us on we're doing it today instead
tomorrow there's a star in the world
wait wait fail
a little black on black on black on over
on over there except for the red right
there
the first time I've seen you since
earlier today flawless so
oh wait weird no that they saw the
surprise these two goons needed Taco
Bell need it needed need it need it well
he wanted try the little cinnamon things
and Paige made cookies because like when
we were back in LA and we have cookies
and movie night that's what they are
still donut let's go with that yeah
we're gonna watch a movie and tomorrow
what are you hey you can have one what's
that dance right that give me a cookie
dance no homemade cookies there you
being the wave maker stuff on you Bailey
y'all the one you get going to the beach
are making me pages leaving us next week
you just had a baby
Oh quiet mouse it's just me and Haley
everybody else went to sleep Haley found
one last American Girl doll okay um I
was gonna say what's your favorite toy
for the question of the day but we
literally just did that but Haley was
playing with toy I try to be inspired
with our questions of the day by what
we're doing are you we've asked this one
but it's been a while are you a night
owl or a morning person
yes Haley and I are night owls which
explains why everybody else is in bed
and we're still up so Andy's become more
of a night out lately but dudes
definitely
probably I'd still say a morning person
daddy's a morning person yeah he gets up
early he stays up that's true he's
probably both alright so guys we'll see
you tomorrow we have I think we're going
on the boat and the jet ski that's the
plan if they both both of those things
want to start tomorrow I'm always
nervous that they won't start we'll be
going to playlist also tomorrow so tune
in it should be fun today was great and
yeah playlist starts yeah we'll head
down there tomorrow so night or yeah
we're gonna go as late as we can I don't
know how late that is but it doesn't
matter not very far all right my friends
we will see you tomorrow thanks for
watching and have a good night or day or
whatever time it is while you're
watching this video see you soon always
remember to celebrate
thanks for watching
the tailee
