hello everybody if you're wondering why
we're at this camera angle it's because
I am sitting in this chair can you just
film yourself please zip your mouth not
filming my face get hair wax out of my
so we're watching and she's been one
eyebrow and when eyebrows that you can
tell my eyebrow I'm just gonna zoom in
look at the difference from the eyeballs
okay what are you doing to my eyebrow
you're welcome what'd you do you can
stay in the rear hey bro hey just walk
back to my eyebrow and the girls are
like standing over me like hovering oh
but we're doing a painful one first the
under i under outside of tiger roars
what did you miss Oh gross look at that
and that cool see my hair is not this
one's not as thick as that one that's
weird because I want my eyebrows be on
my face still I just want them to be
like oh stop it cleaned up wow it really
doesn't hurt it's just the anticipation
of it whoa you gotta move your phone is
literally like blood click yeah alright
so this morning we all worked out our
yoga mats are still in there I'll show
you that in a second
and then now we're just she's gonna tone
our hair today getting her eyebrows
waxed all up there's only any second
time and we're really just shaping them
we're not like hurt shot shaping her
natural right mm-hm
just cleaning it up a little I don't see
any really hairs out of place on hers
like mine are
not fair oh that's hot oh that's hot in
this cool though because you can key and
not to have people watching please this
doesn't hurt I promise this remember
does that very can't do it is that hurt
is that's what's gonna feel like that's
gonna hurt I promise ya the easy work
look out clean smooth hey guys look at
my eyebrows man you probably didn't have
much hair there and your hairs lighter
than mine Wow does this one hurt the
most
mm-hmm this is the one I don't like the
most but maybe it won't hurt me you
don't have as much hey I don't have any
hair in my belly you really have good
eyebrows oh wow Harry's going on and
makes it worse all right told you that
one hurt oh she just wants to see her
hair there that little hair how good
that was nice literally no hair on this
you don't have as much of me boy yeah
you do I'm gonna hear did you count put
out the trash okay watching like this
and you booth it will hurt and we'll get
everywhere kinda hurts yeah it's gonna
hurt a little after it's gonna be like
nursing I would mix guys open your eyes
is gonna go on your eyelashes just laugh
when you do it laughs when you do it
little like this I need to hold your leg
literally don't do that if you do that
this relax this eyebrow sticker on how
relax no relax
have you ever had a client like that did
you stop them this isn't a pro I can
make it or it isn't
but you're right put your back that was
two horses and that little tiny blonde
hair do this and you move it's gonna
make it worse
put your tongue right here work thank
you you're that you're literally gonna
make it hard look don't make me lie
mommy do that something is telling you
once you do this one it's called a
close-up videos on your face oh we're
gonna braid it yeah baby put pressure on
it have to do pressure right after
dinner that's what they do which hurt
the worst lip or the under the eyebrow
the lip I've never had my lip waxed all
right hello your magic trick here the
little scissors are you getting a trim
are you trimming her hair today yes it's
different
look house 2 we look fallen asleep on
the job
Haley got sent up oh your bed looks
great I still want to turn it the other
way I want to turn it the other way and
see how it looks you and me she likes it
like this it's kind of like a daybed I
think it looks pretty good I like how
you did the pillows but I really want to
turn up the other way
that's okay it would be like teamwork me
and you me and you against the bed you
take a couple days to think about it and
maybe we'll do she's in here cleaning
she's going through all her uniforms cuz
she doesn't need those anymore unless
you decide to one day to go back to
private school no I don't think the
bed's gonna look good over there all
against the wall um can we not to climb
on your furniture jump down please
you're gonna break your brand-new bed
thank you I think it looks pretty good I
just like to see it cuz I think it to
see it the other way this isn't how I
pictured it and I'll actually like the
bed this way I just don't like this
nightstand here the bed I could get used
to but I would like to see the pattern
the long way just take a couple days I
think about it
Thanks um what happened and then a
monster game Annie's looks the same cuz
she was cleaning out her closet the
other day and still hasn't finished oh
it's hard to clean out a closet because
you just get so distracted and then you
realize you have a bigger mess than when
you started
oh but look at your drawers you know
what let's just not let's just leave it
just leave the mess and never clean it
up would you go for that
you're supposed to be like mommy are you
sick because that's not normally the
things I say so I don't know where pages
or daddy
alrighty and that's why I came up
hunting for Hayley because I didn't
really know where she was I was we want
to move it you want to move it it's
gonna be so much fun
let's see if we can do this without
messing about oh my gosh I know the best
way heavier than it looks
we may have to get some help oh I know I
could do this ok sorry
I know I could do this the problem is I
want the rug to not get all messed up
see the rugger falling camera the rug
down there I'm afraid it's gonna get
caught and that's gonna be a bigger mess
I think we can do it
you
dancing on felt look better you guys if
you guys comment down below if you liked
it better the other way let me know I
got to get like something for that what
is called him a skirt or do you guys
like it this way
she definitely have less room but what
do you think I'm I move that over there
or should move the table over there oh
oh don't know what I want to do
nightstand here or gold table over here
I think I might move the gold table over
here and see how that looks
Haley's announced this as an epic fail
we ordered one of these canopies her
bets a little weird from what I was
looking online it's not like regular so
I think I ordered the wrong one I think
this was one for that had four poles
that go all the way up the same and not
the little square up there I knew that
it might not be the right one but Haley
it would've worked till I've got a new
one she's done when she's done she's
done you guys lay in your room first and
organized so I did end up putting the
table over there and the night the
colors are great and the nightstand over
here you liked him on the bought it what
are your colors just out of curiosity
yeah galaxies like stars I'll tell you
what we get the Stars oh we could put
some stars in here the ones that hang
down or the one yeah as we saw those
online and you wanted that you look like
one wrapped on that page might have an
idea with that so let's hold onto it for
now but she might be able to get on the
bed better than I do
okay yeah sure you need to find
something for that table there's your
nightstand and you'll you've got to do
something with this
so forever and ever I like your bed like
this
alright my friends that is your evening
update with Hayley
we'll be back a little bit later yeah
would that be funny if you like threw a
fit and all of as I turn the camera back
on and we like their groove room is full
of galaxies that would be a funny skit
yeah you would
yeah not gonna happen you know what just
crossed my mind you're gonna be 9 in
days I'm trying to change the subject
here work was I mean do anything alright
my friend early cleaned the whole house
if that's still not gonna get you a
galaxy Beverly you've just got this
bedroom do you guys do this to your
parents too they get you stuff and then
you're like oh thanks mom cuz she did
say thank you and then a week later I
want galaxy I don't like the colors of
my room well this all cost money my
friend
alright we'll be back later
my friends this day is not over this
room is not clean I got a good question
of the day what what's your favorite
page moment ever who's picked what page
okay who's gonna go first when she gets
like that no you have to do who's first
and I will tell you ma'am okay oh yeah I
would say when you were in the grand
mouthing you were just oh yeah and okay
you're like are you ready lotion on you
okay it's wonder why you're actually
rubbing your leg my favorite was when we
were in the car there's something
happened up my dress and then you came
inside and you inside when I feel like
my neck put everything before crouch
down and
named accent every time I know as a
spider on my back to my favorite the
spider move do it again nobody got she
got this oh gosh that's where it was
where does he react wine but I don't
even remember to see this is dumb that I
even brought this up because I don't
remember why but we were at Walmart
buying I can't remember the story lay on
the ground laughing people I mean I get
a little bit Gigi I know you remember -
you were there boom is gonna happen on
the blog I can't wait oh um mine hey my
favorite lighting okay we hear you my
favorite page moment
hey was when I said belly button Ellie
Bob belly Bob
no I said I said don't post that belly
mob or something I'll get you back also
the same nineties me that you have to
get him back
that was the grand mole night yeah that
was a good day
hi guys don't forget to comment down
below so we don't like or shows a is
your favorite we are literally on
vacation mode yeah not ready at all
more invitations oh yeah no like don't
like chillin like chili chili let me
tell you this guy laughs is not a
vacation vacation okay if you've done
about boxes of chocolates life's a
journey but the view is great
what's that from Derek what's on your
finger lotion oh wait wait something
about a box of chocolate friend Forrest
Gump
life's like a box of chocolate you never
know what you're gonna get
never know what life's gonna do Yeah
right
no I like the strawberry piece though no
that's valid on tapes I got wait hey
what do I like on Christmas
Oh Queen Anne dark chocolate covered
cherries Queen Anne's they give you a
straight-up cavity ii take a bite for
real I'm up to say no to those this year
cuz I've got a wedding to go to
Beibei bye thanks for watching
for tailee
