today hey guys I just got home from
gymnastics forever how do you guys start
your morning's we start our bookmaking's
back she's like I'll cut you they're
fighting she wants to get you Thursday
as we watch these two run around
we don't have the Monday morning
so it's Monday morning and we're
enjoying our free Krispy Kreme did you
see yesterday's video to find out why
these were free we don't know why pages
dancing like that but today on the
agenda is to find today I'm Britt hailey
we have to find her something to wear
for her playlist performances they have
to work out goodbye page she's gonna
hear and then possibly possibly find
something for the rock your hair
performance for Annie and Hailey because
did you guys hear the news not only is
she performing but hailey is co-hosting
she's super excited she's still asleep
so she would be really excited if she
was awake okay so that's the plan
finding outfits to wear for performances
okay guys
this is going to be a bittersweet part
of the vlog for going to the gym to say
goodbye because I cannot be interviewed
by Madre
these are laundry is gonna pretend to be
you guys why do you think it's time to
say goodbye and not go fine but see you
later why do you think it's mild and not
because I haven't been in the gym for
like seven weeks and it's really hard to
keep going back and forth like because
why did I go back to the gym like even
if it's for a week I've gotten to like
get back into shape and then by the time
I get back into shape and I'm ready to
keep training we leave and then we went
in for seven weeks and I tried to get
back in it was kind of it was really
hard
then we went again for seven weeks and
it's just getting really hard and we're
trying to balance it but if it's not
something I really love love doing every
time I come back and they're not
something I look forward to every day I
don't think I should do it
so yeah we're going to say goodbye but
it's not like I'm never gonna see these
friends again
blake me just so me Amanda and Emily and
all them like two days ago and so we're
fine
it's not like I'm losing any friends so
yeah we're pretty much you're saying
goodbye to the gym no all my friends
have to close that chapter like we're
gonna start a new chapter a new chapter
is beginning what's the new chapter
we'll find out it's not written out of a
singing
well I've got to do something I can't
just be a couch potato right
Let Me In Paige and Hailey and mommy
both image have been doing it but mommy
and Hailey might be joining we've been
working out pretty much every day for
about an hour so hopefully we keep doing
that so but I don't know what else I'm
gonna do is squash any rumor did you
delete a moving satellite
nothing's changing except you just won't
be going to the gym and training could
you Dan like right you can I dare ya
because we got the apartment but no more
than like what we just as soon as we go
to LA so much we have an apartment so we
don't have to like get a hotel
every time we go there but don't think
that that means we're because she's
putting gym that we're gonna sell this
house and move or not
never say never I'm just saying or not
why yeah yeah no right now that's not in
this chapter definitely to the next
don't worry
right that's another but with you here
are you nervous for what so like tell
people like for this video and to come
in here to the because they're not
really expecting I'm sure they see it
coming because you haven't been an up
Jim it's not like I've told them you
guys coming to say could I have you told
anybody your decision yet in person like
me I just said I don't know what I'm
gonna do it was when she didn't know do
we kind of just really decided like nah
we just had a week ago when she wouldn't
go back to the gym you know so you're
not nice think about it this way I've
done gym for 10 years 10 years not miss
like a year like I've pretty much almost
every week I've gone gone to gym but
except like holidays and vacations and
stuff like every week for 10 years well
nine year let's go at nine you know 9 to
10 years every week I'd go to gym and
not have pretty much a break like it's
just crazy to think about that yeah it
was a big part of your life so we're
gonna not because like it's we're trying
to keep it private but like we haven't
taken a camera into the gym and you know
it would change at the gym so I don't
think it's appropriate for us to take
the camera and with us you know so just
I do apologize for that because this has
been a couple months ago we would have
absolutely
camera hands but sorry you know I'm
actually like really nervous we drove
down here every day for like I might cry
it's so weird
what do you cry oh I'm getting
butterflies guys my brain is the king
gun I'm going to gym right now and it's
like freaking out you're like no how do
you feel be better there's not goodbye
everyone pretty much knew yeah when you
want like like are you saying goodbye I
was like yeah but they all knew they
were like well really you're just saying
goodbye to the gym cuz we're gonna hang
out yeah I'm ready
well not fit maybe next yeah
so we're done you're going look at her
face you like Brenda ear-to-ear
we're done yeah I'm still working you
out sandy a bit bittersweet or just
sweet
I mean while we're done you're not there
always be a gymnast but you're just not
a training gymnast anymore Jim I need to
make sure I need a process it's gonna
take you a few days a process would you
be a coach one day because it's actually
way scarier to like spotting someone
yeah hey I was doing a clear head and
then after he was done that clear
okay now spot this girl on and like we
were doing this thing where were you
younger the gymnast for spotting the
other gymnast
Tisa and then I got up there I was like
oh my gosh it's way more scarier up here
oh yeah so now we're going shopping
we gotta have something for her to wear
I wish I had stayed hold just let me you
pick it up you couldn't say stay home
you had to come in no way I wish you'd
drop me off now you guys make the shot
but she's in some fashion comfort you
gotta get comfortable I need some
workout clothes we can put on your trail
a shop we decided to eBay announcement
yes eBay coming like tomorrow by the
time you look at this it'll already be
hopefully better good up now it'll be up
guys you're starting school as soon as
possible hey take her placement test
tonight and I've Nev and Paige and
possibly Hayley are going to Haley but
yeah I don't know if you're gonna follow
through with it we're going to like
start what's it called like a daily
routine and try to get like on top of it
we'll say that now okay guys I just
finished gymnastics
gymnastics hey guys I just got home from
gymnastics forever I know that he's
gonna use that could be like today I'm
Brent annually hey guys I just got home
from gymnastics forever and it's true
right now like that was your last final
time Eddie quit gymnastics People
magazine okay
which one you want to do first math
reading or language Haley's taking the
placement test that Annie had to take
wait there's instructions to make sure
that she's ready for third grade which
I'm certainly she is so she's gonna do
this and then she can hopefully they'll
get her book sent to her and she can
start are you nervous
raise your hand if you have a question
hmm
all right I think we're ready you're
gonna use your keyboard to answer the
questions then click okay all right wish
her luck she finished her test whoo whoo
whoo says congratulations Haley you're
going to the first grade what just
kidding it up and say huh
well as it says it hit that little
checkmark so you just did what what was
that
all right so you got two more testing
ready set go
I'm just kidding okay all right well
good job have I I did it all myself stay
up till midnight finishing on why do it
today when you can do it tomorrow right
wait page 21 wait
and it would be not feeling me and hey
in here she's singing look at our
singing everybody this just like
People magazine or time or Tiger pee
looks like the people for kids we need
to everybody look look I'm getting all
the copies they have poster frame
breath her little head we had to come
here for milk and magazines and
apparently eggs and little bites and
fruit oh wait wait I think your tummy
hurt it does the milk is down brother
and no marriages
your tummy hurt I like the whipped on do
we have to put gonna punch you Annie
what do I don't like anything pumpkin
nuts Katie
that's really exciting but whoa Danny
and Hayden are in a magazine pick up
your coffee now and I'm taga
what's the hashtag we're about to leave
we're not leaving in three days we're
gonna TC it's not that it's like five
hours okay listen we need a hashtag
what's our hashtags for people to tag
you and if they get this
um H a and eight Tiger Beat tag hashtag
a and H Tiger Beat okay go and tag and
put your feet up
shouldn't say no people in basket all
right Haley's done with her test and
she's seeing all the things we got her
but the article face cares about what
I'm not excited she's proud of you
Piper's really excited I took all the
copies from the grocery store for I mean
I did buy them they're mine oh poor
Annie okay so you did your test and you
got oh good and you have two more
tomorrow so that you can start and he's
down for the count
we'll be back with a question today my
friends we got to get this all organized
it's just gonna be me and Haley tonight
because Danny just went down she's still
not feeling well so we're taking over we
can't think of a question of the day is
your favorite made-up animal I know what
Haley those made-up it's just not it
sound scientist says haven't found it oh
it's just a person who decided to name a
unicorn a unicorn and no one's ever
knowing that right so no one's really
seen one but they really do exist yeah I
see one oh you've seen one in a dream
she is really in the unicorns right now
I'm watching
yep and so you guys need to comment down
below what your favorite is there a
unicorn like movie I love that let us
know down below - goes what's your
favorite made-up family Bigfoot I'm just
gonna say it yeah a unicorn unicorn you
just let us know I don't I can't really
think of anything else I bet you guys
can think of something you would say I'm
gonna go with a unicorn as well you
don't get to own the love of unicorns
just deal with it
it's just wait what else isn't made up I
don't know I can't think of anything it
could be like a character in a movie
like and maybe like Falkor from the
neverending story I bet you can think of
a million things from movies we just
know that creature yeah see there's
definitely one I'll stick with a uniform
oh the unicorn that's really uh go from
Despicable Me all those cute oh my gosh
it was so cute I only had one who you
Karen
alright my friends and into another
great day we'll see you tomorrow join us
um more guests coming later this week
playlist is later this week oh we're
gonna keep a secret or actually tell a
whole lot of people probably already
know cuz they watch the live or they
just know they could guess it's not that
hard to guess so anyways we will see you
guys tomorrow
comment down below always remember to
celebrate life
potato baked potato babe I
thanks for watching
the tailee
