today alarm with your background they're
still my forehead we're like Emily would
have died if I was a real situation yeah
at least it's gonna go off for 45
seconds not in 45 seconds that's gonna
be on okay so we're testing the alarm
we're making sure huh I don't know when
the alarm is about to build Blair
because they're making sure it's
communicating we've been having alarm
issues you want to go outside I hate
that alarm and as we're waiting we're
density you're waiting I don't know go
outside
oh we were all like RIMPAC is it worse
when you know it's about to happen or is
it worse when it yeah let's see if it's
working it should go off soon it's like
weird alarm rituals
thank goodness alright well that's good
news guys alright we're about to watch
the newest episode of rap but Amanda
hadn't seen the one before she's not
caught up quite so we'll watch episode 4
that's out then we'll watch episode 5
it's not out but it will be out for you
guys that are watching and you new guys
and he's like can you stop talking I
have to explain they can now go click
and watch it themselves some people
don't get this process and I'm just here
to help so we have yeah let's watch
episode 4
we do so hard to be nice and he just
wanted to Annie just wanted to tell the
blog that she braided okay what what and
then the hit braids like oh okay but
that song okay here we go
watch the drama really never ends right
rhyme
alright y'all go check out chicken girls
if you haven't seen it yet because
actually that was probably my favorite
episode in a while
mm-hmm I was Benny's favorite who's in
it for a living you get paid to do that
Annie you're older it would be bad of
your sister outweighed you your
nine-year-old sister okay you're so
perfect perfect not an inside joke yeah
yeah I figured cuz cants my Manny you
guys planning on getting dressed today
maybe maybe cool oh my gosh
I can do it too Amanda can you spot me
for example
we got a lot of
yellow shirt then I got like a tube top
okay and then I got the chocolate of
music then I got it like bear shirt I've
got the back in and then we're here at
PacSun we have some brandy melville
stuff to company others there's nothing
black to keep the rum YouTube table so
yeah that's it I tried don't put those
in the back
we're not cancer
oh no think
it's
so that was a success now we're having a
little dreary meeting a little meeting
to see if it's the right decision to not
so we also got some issues yeah that's
it we went to killing the packs fun
right
and now all I really want is an
oversized sweatshirt you should get a
fan yeah I do I want to get like on the
champion or a Dracula
that might be something I thought
champion in taxes no in a story that we
passed beforehand or a server yeah
yeah it was like a vault longer
yeah word
we're also gonna go to Pandora for
Breen's for Amanda yeah oh look who's
back they had a trip to the mall but I'm
sure that they they took you along so
you probably already know that they were
good girls that's weird were you taking
a nap I felt it oh yeah she's still in
her PJ's oh good that's just what we
need but she wears with a jacket
who asked you is it huge on purpose yeah
okay all right
do you try these on or you just good
okay no he's a black tube tops you can
never go wrong with that
mm-hmm do you buy any jackets yeah that
is actually cute yellows a good color
yeah somewheres chemist right dippin
dots I know I was tracking your charges
not me though Oh cute
come back son I got this white with a
jacket I got a job see see that'll be
cute I got a cheese there it is that is
so cute and I got these for free what
with your purchase yeah
wow that was a great color that is
really cute and I got concealer
yes that's what Sephora do you like that
concealer I've never used that brand
it's milk
yeah I've seen it that's good thank you
I've heard of Fendi I have their
magnetic one is that the one you have
like we're it they that's not
characteristic right I have the
foundation hope when you try to know
what you're talking about and you don't
whoo I love free stuff free stuff makes
me so happy yeah it makes you happy I
got ice cream size of the doctor oh yeah
success successful trip to the mall and
the doctor and now I'm leaving I'm going
out see you later
have fun of the camera all right
so teacher Emily how are you doing
teacher Emily are you guys learning what
learn it faster
and Amanda has a new best friend I wish
you biting her feet so they're having a
school session having a school session
are you learning anything school
tomorrow you yeah trouble don't you
school so we're doing school squeeze me
hairs a mess Emily last kids school to
go to tomorrow that's it question the
day time
which is birthed in my mouth oh yeah
only that I burped in my mouth and
didn't like blow it all over you
nice job um do you do your homework
right when you get home or do you
procrastinate procrastinate
procrastinate hundred percent yeah well
I get one of the day cuz it's like I'm
looking forward to something I'd be like
okay I gotta get this done oh yeah
like I'll go in with the intention of
doing it right away and then and I just
wrapped it oh well you know one movie
won't hurt that turn that it hurts so
yeah don't forget to calm down looks
really nice better is do you
procrastinate or do you do stuff right
away and your homework actually but so
don't forget to come with that down
below cuz we know bye bye bye number to
celebrate
thanks for watching
the tailee
