what did you get
good job
yeah it's a goodbye picture Oh pretend
like you like each other they act like
siblings we didn't watch the last song
yeah
playlist 1dc boggy dawn she's got it on
we're going back to the house and
getting suitcases and then all these our
friends are leaving us today
okay okay I'll do the sad base that
everybody's okay you guys gonna do the
sad face I didn't do it sorry go ahead
okay so what it takes to get an
Instagram story post or something oh my
god that is so cute just showing Haley
how to play with her birthday present
but look watch this are you ready I'm
ready
you want to show Aiden how to do it
Haley he won't break it guys
he never breaks you're looking for
exhibiting he's for weight of 10 seconds
the knock something over
it's a game so that was cheating a
little bit yeah got it got it
let me see you control it how good are
you what do you do I got the paddock
the cool toy I know
hashtag no he didn't hashtag can't take
credit hashtag
Mia did I don't know why I'm putting
hashtags in front of everything right
now
hashtag thank you miss and Mia look at
Piper Piper she just wants to play with
it she really wants to come inside how
you did you say thank you to me when you
sent it good
can you feel this Gandhi I haven't
talked to him forever I'm gonna I'm
gonna text him must say George I miss
you mr. washer
please named George no names John
remember buddy was our jar George
Washington I was enjoying better wake
you up to say goodbye
right goodbye old and new friends I
don't know why I called you guys old
friends but I feel like I've known you
guys for longer than the five months
we've known each other well supposed to
be holding me up with your feet the
rainbow on the other side your rainbow
this is what they do when they say
goodbye so weird as a goodbye I've ever
seen the rainbow leprechaun we're gonna
see you guys in like four days so it's
not goodbye no it's literally see you
later
five days okay fine Brook and rush have
to go start school on Monday and it's
gonna be no Tuesday Tuesday don't you
start school Tuesday yeah yeah stay in
school it's cool like against state law
and I'm gonna make a rainbow today
because it rained it's not just a
rainbow it's rain and then a bow falls
down random bows she would don't leave
me right wait I'm taking you to the
airport so we are good we're have to
divide and conquer for this Airport trip
because not everybody fits in the car by
Brooke but I'm gonna take you to the
airport me and Billy are taking you
Danny staying with nany and them because
nany we have to come back and take nany
straight to the airport but you're
taking me to the airport taking you
right now you're first I'm excited to
see my grandma yeah no I'll be back in
like 20 minutes
yeah
megabyte a rush and Brooke nice goodbye
good oh you already said goodbye bye
Annie
Nicole runs doesn't like the camera
crushed say goodbye to Nani by 19 -
everybody's Nani
Russia crush - just leave it by 80
make your way this way my friends this
way rush I'll see you next time next
soon time yeah like in five days I will
miss you for five days what am I gonna
do up my house without Russian Brooke
now okay good idea
done
brush with the dab the dabbing exit bye
guys
alright now we move on to go back to the
house to pick up yeah my and Aiden we're
just gonna make a little that was
actually the big joke we have device
designed to be an uber driver in the
Tesla be so cool what hi did you say
goodbye to mommy okay dog attack alright
let's do it again can you do a video
sure Aiden's hiding where'd a dingo you
wanted to drop my life you have to work
hard on that oh yeah dramatic little
almost 9 year old
no one knows where you were hiding and
where's Annie can you tell her to come
up with you can say goodbye daddy say
goodbye to the slate she's not feeling
well he's looking to page and Annie
bokor thing's getting crazy hey you can
fit if you want to ride with us or do
you wanna stay here and I'll okay go
start working write out everything down
if you can stop talking like a baby I
want to see what you have so far
you don't have anything written down yet
are you brainstorming over here I did
that with Nami that's awesome so this is
where you're gonna draw it yeah so you
got to write down all your ideas what is
the big parts of your life I thought
that's how to draw your life John the
life is on the life with that's when
saying what are the big milestones in
your life I'm doing everything day one I
born day two I cried day three I wonder
if that was my mommy Oh nuts
are you my mommy did you say goodbye I
didn't drink and if remember excuse me
you didn't get everything on your list
let's go through the things you got and
now you can say thank you you have to
give me camera
you can't just maybe when you're 10 oh
say thank you for the things you got
doesn't get me cam excuse me want me to
blog you can blog on this one hey I left
their home in chips what is that wrong I
don't know Haley's draw my life the
andes mountain you hired somebody
she's got you're not being paid how are
you feeling Annie horrible what Paige
seems like I'm not trying to be loud you
could be as loud as you want if you're
doing my dishwasher because in my book
that's called help and it's mucho
appreciated
hey just tummy feels better but Annie's
not feeling better yes cuz you were
nowhere to be found and were like Paige
isn't feeling well you guys yeah yeah so
glad she's feeling better so is this
gonna be on your channel whenever we get
it edited okay cuz you love it teach me
how to edit talk I know we got to work
on that huh give you a little tutorial
is this the first one is the first part
of the don't f it very pretty so I
didn't miss much sneak peek Oh
Haley's like no don't show my stuff I
think a dancer goes nope
think backwards goes backwards right
yeah a gymnast goes the other way
birthday presents whoa she had a robot
she got a dancing spinny singing it's
true she says mr. Beckham hims got a toy
and hims got a clean
so the people who we were in at the
bouncy house from for Haley's party
they're here they were a little late but
anyways now they're here and we're
trying to go get some pizza and some
Krispy Kreme and we can't get out of the
driveway right now I know I'm not cute
we were looking at your new phone case I
know everybody watch out Paige had an
app multiplying no before because
they're multiplying
the Sun coming in they're making you
silhouetted Haley not funny
yes please really please do it
I want to see daddy do it oh gosh
Melanie got her that one don't break all
Billy's been doing all these but he beat
up
Aiden he's beating up Paige she said abs
as an ABS okay this is always fun with
Paige don't push anything because like
Tesla doesn't turn off until we like get
out to get pizza and then Krispy Kreme
who didn't you hear
Hey look there's a handle
coins Haley's in the unicorns right now
guys should see these cute unicorn one
day she got the lights not on what are
you gonna do and they said they'd be out
in like two minutes
yeah but if they're not though I'll
Drive a dozen and beyond I saw this the
hot Sun I didn't know Joe had fresh
donuts about to come out okay think okay
oh no the donut machine it's not good
when you're a donut okay when when was
the last time y'all had I made just do
it yeah we came okay can we get a dozen
down yeah it's actually No
because he doesn't like he'd out like
stuck and everything all right they're
gonna be delicious anyone lucky every
time we've done that that was hot wait
how did you know did you know her voice
hey guess what thank you thank you so
much awesome thank you wait we just got
free donut did we're gonna heat these up
the microwave and they're gonna be
delicious so let's do it so nice like
did you know your youtubers we're doing
free donuts
my god this way I know it can sound of
the day yeah that's how we do it
now that's awesome pay it forward cuz i
jinxed it no cuz I said I know I did
what are we gonna do if they don't have
hot ones East I thought we should have
just waited but their machine was down
so the two hours two hours
but they said their machine went on but
I was still spending that's all it's
spinning in fact they said there was
they were stuck maybe that's why she
gave him too much for free
all right well that was an adventure how
are they they taste still good still I'm
not gonna eat my I'm going to eat mine
up right okay we just watched a movie
with us all we've been doing lately but
it's been good we watch why don't we
pick this that walk to remember guys
let's have a movie bottom let's watch it
tonight is that appropriate it is it's
actually better than one we just really
better like as a more let's fail why was
it a fail could you spilled Haley go put
the cap on that as soon as you clean up
your mess let's do the glitter of the
day because she knows y'all we're making
fun of her watching big videos you gonna
make fun of me you will do what your
favorite toy any I want to see you spin
on that van all right what's your
favorite toy Annie
I mean Haley my favorite toy my phone
mine's a magic 8-ball my favorite toys
you said Horace blinky huh that's what I
like my favorite toy your little robot
ball yes all right so guys comment down
below what your favorite toy is and
you're never too old for toys so no
excuses they're mean a gazillion is Yaya
just cuz I pointed out I don't make you
know all right you guys comment down
below your favorite toy and she's so
cute no I was gonna do it on your tongue
alright guys tomorrow tomorrow will be
much like this because goodnight guys
hope you had a good day too
bye always remember to celebrate like
Beibei bye thanks for watching
Brit Ailee
