who's ready to rehearse this morning hi
all right we're rehearsing for playlist
we found a rehearsal studio what are
y'all singing why do we not Gina I was
about to like I dunno and who wants the
things in front of old people I want to
find the old people she's referring to
all right so that's what's on the agenda
for today we're going to knock some of
this out and see if these girls are
gonna be ready for playlist because
playlist isn't like oh we this is true
you guys probably could are y'all gonna
try for the harmony okay yeah they're
gonna work that out today and then see
how playlist goes so come see us at
playlist cuz that'll be fun right like
I'm not gonna be onstage come see these
cute girls at playlist
I promise we're going to get something
done today she was working something out
all right so everybody well the girls
are gone
singing so rush and I are gonna go
shooting this your first time to shoot
that's not another thing to do so now
you'll be able to tell your friends hey
all right we're gonna take a little
break
cuz we've got this little nifty studio
for a couple hours
their voices are already well a need a
little stuffy anyway we're gonna go
probably grab my purse
but it's good a little break is a good
thing and then we'll be back
exactly like that
well boom pachow we're here about to go
in you nervous at all or ready to do
that not really I'm excited cool and
we'll see what he feels like afterwards
hey hey we're back
Brooke is jamming out a knee stretching
to Annie's song well Maddie and I saw
the and she's a twink we were back and
ready to go bellies are full get your
water and now we're gonna finish this up
what are you looking for Annie in the
cupholder Oh it'll work it's a water
kids these days all right
hello hello Nicole and I are gonna be
performing for you yes so step aside
step aside are you actually doing you
call now guys they're gonna a voice
lesson real quick
hello child who's actually you can you
see yes yes oh that's weird we can't see
we can't see ourselves in the little box
but that's nice I can introduce Amy Ivan
yeah we can see you okay um Ivan this is
Annie hi Katie
nice to meet you Oh God hi ina
Ivan Ivan we've been writing about you
oh it works now we can see your toes
again I think you can see when they warm
up they really warm up and he's trying
to put you over so you can see here in
Brookfield
go look at the setup we've got going on
skyping from La that's amazing
live from LA this'll work okay no
pressure okay they can do without the
track and then open all right II did it
he did it really well - yeah would you
think it was fun
boom yeah definitely nerve-wracking at
some points but yeah well you just we
you nobody ever can tell you how to
anticipate the firing of the gun like
how it's gonna feel and the sound and
not only that when you're on a range
like that there's the people firing all
around you and the guy - I love shooting
a 45 which is a big count bigger caliber
it's loud and yes you could feel the
percussion from it so that's why I like
the 9 I think it's small enough to not
not be something to worry about but big
enough to you know do some damage if you
needed to so shut it get your mom in
there
yes she did you're on the blog I did
everyone's on the vlog just his voice
y'all are beat they're not done see I'm
just like Oh y'all are beat they don't
give up you guys Aiden beat up there you
go
although I'm just teaching him to beat
people up that's great
oh hey ROG how was your day good
I heard you went to shooting yeah
Billy's vlog yeah oh you are not opposed
to rebel Gigi Gigi we are trying to vlog
right now
No
stop beating me up Aidan you're supposed
to be protecting me I know that's better
violence is not the answer my friends oh
don't listen to uncle Billy nonny
wouldn't beat you up we monitoring and
heart rate doesn't really well not sure
but one doctor diagnosed it before it
doctor said he doesn't face well that's
good the heart doctor but it doesn't
hurt to monitor it I can't figure so
cool that it does that yes he's the one
that I'm gonna do this look wide your
lip out why do I look how do you do it
when he's like running around or he's
gonna do it like arresting I checked it
all the time I'm not such a different
time I'm gonna try to do it at different
times
don't forget to push the button that's
not bad 113 all right guys look as
requested no crab oh my god you know
that is a crab lobster you don't know
what Raj is talking about exhibit a is
yesterday's video
it's very difficult well I meant for the
ride Billy will teach you everything you
need to know about opening a crab
feeling a crab you do Japan right I
don't know these tutorials and they peel
the crab yes but do you think you can do
it
probably not but let's give it a bit all
right come on well they're hot let's get
some outs but they're very hot yeah
cliff diving tutorial but you haven't
tried that out yet well ponies and I
want to be a uniform is that the savanna
no that is seasoning I want to be
magical I ought to be magical because I
watched my little pony all right crab
tutorials with Billy live long and nany
LaVon failure there right there I want
to see how these YouTube tutorials paid
off they did well so far so good
you can read all of the letters by
tomorrow yes yeah you don't stop doing
stuff while I'm gone yeah
tell him why she's mad at your why
you're mad at your mother because they
sent us to get crabs while we're going
on feet so they were hungry food yeah I
could've stayed here I could stay here
no cuz they wanted crabs and what if
they don't like them now their bellies
are full and they can just concentrate
on crabs step one no don't AB Billy feel
them for you slaughtered and they
weren't good not they were raw I know we
got these already cooked I really want
to see Brooke do one move you buy raw
fish brushes working on it he's doing
pretty well I feel do you know what to
eat and what not to eat
there are things you don't want to eat
what like the lungs yeah
don't eat that good so how do you open
it by pulling that back what is this
thing that is you don't know how to do
it crab it's a shell of the crab Oh
jumped maybe it's still alive look they
kind of know what they're doing before
as you can see I'm the training profesh
yes somebody crapped it's all you Paige
Chalmers yes yes mmm no crab do not look
pasty I'm just saying pretty impressed
looks getting hurt it fingers all dirty
dirty because I don't like that I want
Billy to peel them all for me there's a
lot of crab you know a lot of crabs
Pedro in LA
Ananya Lila I don't know how many pounds
with us probably at least 10 pounds of
grabs yeah yes you're right how many
pounds did you get Billy wraps do do
taste good they don't we look like like
it's a strap okay now you see this a
little out of here right here run your
thumb down Oh got one thumbnail we use a
thumbnail every day Gigi's asleep Oh
Annie Brooke hasn't seen the last song
either
okay so that we couldn't watch it that
brings us to the question of the day
though well we're gonna watch the last
song what's your favorite movie Annie's
is obviously not tight Titanic
bellossom want to remember the Titanic
in The Breakfast Club Oh Haley favorite
movie Titanic hey we had to close our
eyes in a few parts
well we fast-forwarded the kissy parts
and then the parts where people were you
know yeah falling off the ship do you
were discretion advised
so we be closed eyes we fast-forwarded
favorite movie um watch the last four
rules troll or monsters okay alright so
we're gonna just stay up late and watch
another movie and and what's wrong with
page do you like movies
what are you talking
all right guys
reenact the Titanic alright guys we're
going to watch the last song and go to
bed probably fall asleep right here so
we'll see be careful with her she's
asleep
oh you're doing with Gigi never let go
Gigi alright guys see you tomorrow
always remember to celebrate life
Beibei bye thanks for watching
Brit Ailee
