good morning everybody I always miss it
cute shirt you got pages I figured it
was pages and if on page it was probably
like a crop top I see her oh is it the
snapchats of the bug last night
hilarious you guys had some fun in here
last night didn't you do are you helping
Aidan be jumpy jumpy not jumpy jumpy
Piper so this is morning yoga it was
your hair still wet dog breath on the
window do I like this bag Paige yes I
knew it broke we can go back to where
that Malaysia or Singapore go back to
Malaysia and get another one oh you know
going with a poor old what exactly am i
doing who knows
title of a video like what exactly am i
doing it's almost like I'm never going
out the park again and you're making my
frustrated oh wait wait hold on yeah
actually Paige should have hail Ian and
II should have skated gonna open the
door there's spiders on the hop we need
to clean it all right my friends that is
our morning update which was so much so
much going on we have some guests coming
tomorrow so we got to get the house
ready yeah and that's what we're gonna
be doing today
he must be done editing I love being in
here yes exactly makes me so happy
everybody's in here
no she's awake this is good exercise
well he's watching the girls hitting
fight Mike
claw and scratch there's some cooking
going on downstairs this room is a
little bit more organized and there's
some pay on all playing guess the song
guys self-taught here YouTube tutorials
let me see hogging it all day you guys
are gonna move it's what I want for a
Lee's birthday piano and then you can
have this great oh this is what I
haven't done they're in the same house
for longer than a day and she like she
wants she wants to be just like you I'm
gonna listen hey I just in like a year
so you haven't touched her in a year
either playing and now she wants to play
and then later on they'll be hugging hug
yes
beautiful though no oh tur turn rifle
I'm so sad about Danny
hey guys I got a message for you
subscribe so you can see sister's fight
oh look at you cuties Alfredo something
chicken okay what are you drinking Paige
hmm like I bought fresh flowers for our
visitors for tomorrow
yes Paige is allergic to them so she's
not gonna touch him
Aiden's having a snack and watching
minecraft mmm that's not minecraft Oh
what is it shows how much I know I
thought it was minecraft but I don't
know what do I know these days I need to
take that price tag off does that work
nice all right
Whole Foods yeah what our prize we made
we bought a salt lamp and it was kind of
it was kind of funny
Paige may or may not have been laying on
the ground cracking up I think we all
almost peed O's and there's people
literally like 20 people walking past
this tree singing why do they have that
kid there's three crazy lady to lock up
he's got a knife excuse me I taught on
how to make that when we lived in the
other house
did you ask I saw that you drop black
upstairs
take off take outside yeah so y'all took
out it looks wait a second so you just
made this free stuff other yo a where's
the EOS lip-balm in here so you just
added to it and it has one but never put
blush on your lips no that was on you
guys right now tinted way it has to be
sunny to cook it's all your teeth I
think you gotta perfect that recipe it's
pretty though it's a very pretty color
what did we do is it copper blush on
your teeth we don't you don't want to
eat it I would do coconut well they're
non-toxic edible yes no they're
non-toxic so if a child eats them it
won't hurt them but edible doesn't mean
you should eat them you can eat a crayon
yes and you won't die
not a profit why do kids do not go eat
crayons do not listen to her oh my
goodness what a handsome little man
you look like a bit boy oh yeah your
hair's falling out you want to see can
you see okay
look how big you look you're getting the
back-to-school haircut look at me
I know oh yeah I see it hold still guys
look crazy Wow it's gonna be so good
you're gonna be the cutest one in your
little pre-k class preschool now we're
gonna go surprise her cuz she's cooking
I don't get Nanni's reaction glob what
do you have all over your face but um
what's it called guys are you ready to
show her I know
watch out rock your hair boy oh you poop
eater don't let her in Winnie you're
nasty
okay little dog fight we're good now
it's hard to take a picture of you that
is disgusting I'll have to go clean her
up in a second don't shoot like I know
Piper was protecting cuz that we were
all screaming and hey another now they
made up now Piper's like oh I'm sorry
can we be friends again what is going on
here dinner without flowers yes
looks like got away good we're gonna put
it up here for now conversation oh my
god have to talk to you people just
kidding all right
we're sitting down all right now I think
it's a good idea Hayley's collecting the
phones
either than animal under me when he's
not feeling well that wasn't poop
earlier guys I think it might have been
throw up you think it was poop you know
because it was all over you okay well
we're not gonna talk about that the
dinner table my bad you got all the
phones and iPads
hey those flowers look beautiful phones
and the bucket you guys who needs a fork
all right my friends we will see you
guys after dinner
what could this mean it's going to bed
but we're not gonna tell you yeah hey
yeah can you bring it down here now
we're getting all our stuff set up so
we're having a spa night and a movie
night this is this stuff for our spa
night and where all the girls are gonna
come down here and Aidan and we're gonna
have a girls night and we're gonna watch
girly movies and we all took a bath and
so Paige said she didn't want to touch
dirty feet everybody come down here and
we'll do a question of the day
Haley come to spa night with us you'd
think they would be like really hot no
I'll make it okay don't put your feet in
it sighs all right let's do a question
of the day we got it Annie come on it's
question of the day time what if she up
there doing something with our lips it's
too hot what's your favorite emoji an
honor of Haley's shirt mine is hot okay
Aidan my favorite emoji is the cry
laughy face - I use it all the time is
there a high-five emoji the flirty one I
know but somebody told me it's the
flirty one I always thought it was the I
was the hand I always thought the the
Smith was the oh the other okay we're
getting some ice for this hot water
Annie's doing something with her lips
and as you're doing that Annie what is
your favorite emoji thanks Haley what's
your favorite yep it could be most
frequently used or whatever just your
favorite emoji yeah you want to put some
ice in here for me
the water is hot dirty nails let them
put a piece of ice in here what's your
favorite emoji oh yeah all right my
friends oh my gosh it's still hot and
you think it's not okay so that's a wrap
on today
now he's putting ice under foot we will
we will see you guys
ice hut and cold okay you guys for real
we'll see you guys tomorrow we got some
people coming tomorrow bye always
remember to celebrate life
thanks for watching
tailee
