time for what cami we're gonna saw my
family meeting special occasion up no
give me that
who was winding all family meeting
everybody come in no point today well
anyone look at the Sun and do not look
at the Sun today it will burn your eyes
you cannot look it can we make this
four-year-old appropriate don't scare
him no and these are here you never look
at the Sun yeah today remember what the
Sun today there is a total solar eclipse
right here though for the record we're
not having a naughty person
oh good girl you bring it again
basically okay so you have the earth
here and you have the Sun here and the
moon rotates on it what happens is at
this point the moon officially going to
get in the way of the Sun so it's going
to block the time yes because sighs its
existing okay is here's the thing so is
this phone bigger than Paige what is
walking her right now ah because it's
closer to us so even though it's smaller
relatively it's closer to us so what
happens is a P could block in my whole
hand if it's right here he's blocking
right right I can't see it because it's
cording hate like blocking arrives or
nothing and just don't look at the Sun
it's not here
it could be tempting because it's not
going to love it talk about it today as
yeah it's going to be tempting because
it's going to look like it's cover and
it's going to look like you can glance
at it even if there's a little ring
around it that little ring over your
eyes and it could hurt your vision
I'm gonna get everything them where you
go where they found me I'm right around
there Danny is your birthday I don't
know it was a total North America was
moving he's like oh no I don't let my
neighbors have a question intense drama
shooting go do that right now the baby
comes out and starts chasing me around
didn't shine because I'm such a up in
her room don't you Joe okay baby
no stop helping her how are you where's
Kay's going Annie
it doesn't come down here she's old
I got the other one zone welcome I just
got his life in the day I get cousin
Alex right
and I never met you before okay y'all
come here leaving should have to go work
and yeah so she's missions I'm having
blue-coated here's ominous red shirt on
let's go oh we have expertise in this oh
yeah I wouldn't ask you have to go to
this weekend Mary Jane so your time no
all right I'll go do this okay yes
please
okay so I don't know if you guys know
the eclipse is today and I'm nervous
actually
I don't know what's happening it seems
pretty bright out soon - Hannah
aren't even happening for like an hour
or so oh really
it has it started Wikipedia really no
don't even you can't look at this I
don't matter what man so we're out here
cousin Phyllis undergo the sun's about
to go away what is it an 80% coverage
more two bags one yeah oh good yeah who
taught you that Paige Paige is crazy so
yeah for the record grass is the hardest
thing delighted most people who ride
their bikes won't write it on back not
in the grand y'all does the sky not look
as write to you over here he doesn't we
can't look at like the sun's over here
over here you guys ready for this
door bell oh I forgot to send this way
my eyes hurt the sun's not that way soon
as that other your eyes hurt when you
didn't even look at the Sun you can't
look this sun's behind us sitting like
shade isn't it weird I was going to face
it's the best day to Kansas is rolling
hi Amy
hey don't call her come to her - she got
a collar on my a beautiful video when
you I'll be yo and I which I bring in
okay when is powerful when are you ready
for this eclipse
you guys I think when he's ready Oh
ready for kisses mommy she's so heavy so
funny because a light here is really
good over here
and I turn it this way and it's not as
good Geller almost eclipse now I lied it
was just the angle of the camera don't
listen to me
are you ready for the Eclipse no you're
not hot it's not hot it's humid humans
you mean miss you man out here very
human humid Wednesday under 300 a that
means here okay bear with me pages new
thing okay Oh pages sitting in my lap I
shouldn't hurt you know what when he's
100 like make me so mean mommy I'm not
whisper down she's just stepping on me
when he when he just want some love
equipped with no feet I shave today pay
well huh for me all of the people in
this one cares I kind of ate in I get it
I get an eight in there yeah all right
my comfortable I start on one actually
feels like that right I'm upside down
yeah y-you guys upside down said why you
guys upside down Romeo for girl you make
up the next pet Josh I'll be in a row
down all right
why are you clubs or something fun oh
one this is in the clips dance like a
rain dance it's like when you have an
itch like a bug bite and you're like yo
I don't want to question all right has
one minute between and I feel like our
luck is going to be we're sitting out
here and it's not going to have right
now dog Clips is it going to it does
we're not going to see it should all do
guitar like how dark let's cut the
clouds are covering the Sun what are
they doing here in those trees way over
there in the distance
be be be be be be feet until they're
doing to him
I saw cycles like a lot of clips on oh
look
you'll be bored so we have that special
goggle oh god just do that I don't know
to protect your eyes if you want to look
at the Eclipse just pull a chick-fil-a
have them giving them away for in a
kid's meal probably not safe ones hey
when did you hear that
when do you want to go to chick-fil-a
who's my stomach set on a chick-fil-a
but they also have the colors okay yeah
all right it's 239 the Lighting's real
good well it could start anywhere I like
about of fish oils fun goes hand it over
I think it is really follows it now you
get away 99 more years so we don't have
any Clips fail oh the Glee clips of
viewing party fail not really it but
they said but they said she's beautiful
thanks universe I love it guys
it's like winning right so right now
that jewelry we filled our bellies with
Pizza number to have an eyeglass do
today today and Oh question today yet
the day is not over
okay guys time question day what's the
question today again which we can
identify I'm not a moose like to see it
they're like just in general is yours
yeah I like to see it good yeah new
answer huh
I would say I like seeing the moon
better than this time
me too I like I like it
would you rather to Center the moon rad
as a sign of the Moon Sun or the moon do
you mean by daylight or like gay like
word would you rather look at the Sun or
looked at the moon I would rather look
at the moon great okay don't don't
I'm Doris sorry okay yeah I know you're
going to try to talk to message so don't
we're going to welcome you in another
convey today is would you rather the
moon or Sun bye guys see you tomorrow
yeah
always remember to celebrate life hey
BAE
thanks for watching
frits Haley
