time for my cami
well someone finally packed their bag oh
wait no I did that last night someone
set select for exactly 12 hours does
anybody know who that someone could be
yes and even an E so we are packed up
and he's struggling or hat we're heading
home today really you like it here in
Toronto we're home for a few weeks
playlist is literally in two weeks I'm
going to get rehearsed for that we're
starting on a playlist journey now and
then we have another savvy shoot but
schedule we're on our way out of here
what I think Oh Savi shoot they're
coming down to us for a couple segments
and then that's all I got my friends
that's not true then we're probably go
back to LA but all of that kind of still
up in the air to that side yeah Angie
honestly for another 12 hours I'm glad
you got to sleep like she hit the bed
and that was it it shouldn't you make it
till dinner
do you tuned in laughs I am sure you are
those new things right here you can eat
like some cereal well we'll get you
something at the airport too but you
might want to bring the cereal look what
you took from the restaurant the other
day no you can't take it on the plane
because I don't allow creamer on the
plane
sure okay so Hayley's still asleep
Tori's leaving the party will be later
it's like and actively oh we need again
machine oh we meet again
now what oh come on let's do this the
first try Annie oh my gosh it went so
fast does it work mighty heavy oh yeah
yeah we just sent your bag through Oh
first to go try it
just go you got this all right okay I
don't know how it works
please don't issue
I like how she's doing it oh god please
cross your fingers it's not your bag of
to hit me what to say
I want to know how much Oh weight of
your bag
oh it's point five over take the
hairspray out and throw it away yeah
they wasn't rocker here walk rock your
hair hairspray alright guys we'll be
back I gotta help do this okay things I
just took out of my bag grow and I just
really that's not half a pound these are
in kilos because I couldn't even tell
you what that means inverted two pounds
it's thinking about it is thinking about
it unable to scan
here it went so easy wait
I kind of throw the hairspray away
though the other stuff I going to put in
okay I think we did that way easier
thank you see it home right now
good job okay so we just got like 20
steps closer to being home we were done
with customs and like the happiest
person right now we we got this guy
who's really nice like I feel like I
actually have like a good conversation
with him except he was actually like
interrogating us but here in front were
you just doing a stone these things I
don't know what we have in our check
bags he's like you didn't buy anything
I'm like actually no I just as an Arab
except like food and like what's in your
neck clothes even like clothes makeup
fish the regular stuff and
so good we are so blessed to be home and
I can't wait to see my puppies and
heylia goddamn page my copy and ours and
the corny good clear got to go back even
though we have like an hour until the
board alright we're going to keep okay
so get this
Myanmar X we select it for like a random
thing for a bag yeah I went random Tony
brought back the women I took the bag
you're great and then I walk through the
singing majiggy the dancing I don't know
the culture and it's a worst feeling in
the world when you beat I was like oh my
gosh I beat and then they were like oh
even so randomly selected for this I'll
like I've been randomly selected for
everything twice and Canada and just and
twice that day that today and yeah it
was fine and then mommy's bag got pulled
out because she left her Ibanez but she
had already asked the people who
selected randomly selected her bag if
you need to take your laptop out when
you get up there but okay what about my
iPad and they said I don't want the most
people want to see both yeah I'm like
okay do I need to take my iPad off she
goes you know and then a Windsor my dad
was in the screening room and then the
guy I met the guy gave her a little bit
of Spencer like you need to take care I
sent out problem was like well I asked
and they said I don't need to use like
that that's okay I'll just tell me that
you need to get your iPad out and she
was like do I need to go again and he's
like yet do it again and I was like wow
geez okay so then after that happened
I became out and the back look back over
there and you're like oh come on like
when the world is happening right now
and now bunch of people that are
boarding the plane are looking at me
strangely because I've got a camera
right in front of my okay anyways the
stewards way more important and then so
it went out and he was like okay give me
one second we were like fine now what
long I was like cleaning up he was like
cleaning it wasn't even doing his job
anyways observation finally got that
what he finds we got the thingy majiggy
come back and he was like okay you're
good to go and we were like are you
seriously wait we just waited five
minutes for you to tell us that we were
good to go and now another person
staring at me inside okay yeah good
morning you though good morning for
Haley she just woke up so did you
remember to story telling you by sleep
you barely remembered yeah I know so we
are going to pick up mommy and Ani and a
little while so closer you have your
point to you somewhere you don't smell
so we're going to go pick the girl's up
and then maybe go we'll see if they're
starving or not we'll might go grab
lunch after that we're heading home
I'm hack unload then go eat lunch we'll
figure it out it's going to be a fun day
lots of screaming I think I'll probably
scream I'm so sorry allows me free oh oh
baby I was a little baby look our little
baby's face oh well baby did this how
like a well baby her distinct has 20
pounds yeah I just think I trying to
Panther like dangerous five I will puppy
alright I say Haley she's eating her
pancakes and 1146 am barely am seriously
this purpose is not afterlife
this is not a hotel so we if we missed
the morning breakfast we still have the
afternoon breakfast no what's your name
Logan a son that is Jain Norman and I
know they have spirit here because I
have like maple syrup Oh maple always
get it and get it like senses this see
is a big maple legions on Cleveland
lifeless form uses we were we're in this
downtown Toronto with Johnny and Hayden
and you've got on the maple leaf at
things that stilted sell out Toronto and
then there's a maple rendered on a
boarding pass
I can't see myself
is playing we're in a speed weapon
boy that's a tiny plane okay guys so he
kept the secret the girls don't know but
my mom is flying in and so we're
surprising them both basically we're
going to the airport
Haley thanks for picking up Annie and
mommy we're gonna pick up my mom and
she's gonna be so excited and then 30
minutes later aunty lands so she's go
away and thinking we're there to pick
her up but it's going to be us and my
mom so they're both going to get some
like super surprised it's going to be
awesome
all right guys they named it early so
we're headed really fast
Billy's already there and we're trying
to route and now he made it all right
guys we're making our way running
running huh I said running running
my husband she's no idea subscribe
Haley wait for me okay you see today
okay wait where are they where are they
see they were doing all that because
ever here
no I said maybe key we were running okay
let's hide come on okay okay okay hold
on stay right there don't
oh my god she totally she totally was
looking for them and like didn't even
why did while we're John palace and
servicing what is that game you want to
find while we're here about neighbors
something about nature now not only just
really have I'm one day me Katie Riley
Annie but also good mom no no no I like
Tori luck yeah Tori left and then and he
was replaced with two other people
okay so right now we're waiting for Andi
and Katie and we're getting ready to me
them I think we have like 10 more
minutes
yeah hey come here
no one's gonna eat your chocolate oh oh
come eat your chocolate oh she wants it
all you guys need two people
oh yeah we just got off the plane
I haven't been here in so long what so
familiar here like I feel like I am
having a month
I'm not
Haley
promotion
just intercepted all right I don't never
ever ever leave each other again
beginner again charges for we just have
to one little one for Annie and one big
one where did it better
did you go shopping a page it's like
growing all respect ain't really nothing
we gotta win the it is the bottom line
talking never lied I couldn't tell you
hey Pam I know no more face time
hey did Nani just get here did you know
where you surprised you didn't know
either you got to survive you cried
surprise it for everybody
supersize Oh - they didn't know either
he just got here Hayley just got shocked
like we just got here and then she
showed up doing it in here here and so
he came over she went looking around
you're looking over Nani vacation starts
now hey yeah yeah I know all right
who's happy raise your hand raise your
hand if you know
you got the girls taking a picture with
eight and is a little bit of a Haley you
don't have a bad side I miss your face
want to see another face I'm Paige and
right now we're getting to wanted right
now I don't want it don't want to like
hide hide hide hide
see you soon whoa hey wait hi hi Katie
hide right here so they could have it
could see should you saw you okay ready
and go
your little outfit thank you I'm a
spaceman some CG got me dirty some
reason I'm thinking there's a pool down
there he was good there you're gonna get
soaking wet I don't know why that
crawfish boil
oh oh is what is that it's gonna smell
now water
oh listen over that way I don't get more
in your the fattiest Walt somebody
laughs oh hello I don't go away I got
poop in my shoe
like literally inside my shoe I don't
know how it happened anyway now I got
that a mosquito net stolen anyway and
he's trying to relax and enjoy the
outside to her gum so many bears that's
been sitting in the closet for two years
no I can't enjoy this I smell poop hello
wait don't go that way because there's
poop to shoes I can't like literally
you're going to be shocked that it's in
my shoe look at look how relaxing this
is to wake up in the morning and come
read out here
I'm stepping in the end because
obviously it and see it all the way in
my shoes let's face it dork
what's her new nickname oh you got it
you know my hero wind gg gg
careful arrow is here d GG I'm filming
you know a granny and Allah's room o
virus my mommy's not ready for her
close-up
yeah where are they what are they doing
are they doing something bad I had to
come and help Aaden cuz he doesn't know
how to do the gate yet which is a good
thing so he doesn't fall down but it's
also to keep the dog he's like that what
you got in your hand
pay no attention to this oh wait where'd
the clothes go Oh Oh gossiping not
cameras here now holy moly two hours I
didn't know I saw you guys ELISA drove
up I thought y'all were hanging out in
here and I was like I was like please
excuse season time you're using what
Annie's in with Haley cuz I kind of
never figured it out reversal move it I
know this is all going to be like
auctioned off and donated the money the
proceeds okay
no it's not you guys are like watching
TV up yo I thought you guys are doing
look what Haley got
do you love it it's comfortable
Oh Pacific tripod for guys that's about
the hall stop the camera but we want to
see you dance
can't stop the camera at all if these
dance moves going on and we ordered her
canopy so it should be here next week
yep but me do you want to vlog we're
going to do a question of the day okay
let's do one that Aiden could answer all
right Aiden what is your favorite TV
show Nick jr. but what do you like to
walk watch on hit jr. everything the
whole thing the whole thing okay fair
enough
I'll let you slide with that one I like
this is our game shakers or just Allah
Bravo oh you want to say something huh
hi hmm what's the is Michael I thought
leave marks on here they're little
stickers did you like design them
yourself could you pick them make them
Brooklyn like did you tear them no not
tearing them they were that little that
little what are they where are they are
some stickers state where you go mmm you
probably made a mess somewhere that's
what I'm guessing all right goldfish
well don't forget to comment down below
cuz they want to know what's your
favorite TV show oh we don't know what
we're doing tomorrow are you going to
think about here I'll help you say
goodbye in a second we'll cover the trip
we'll cover the camera what are we doing
tomorrow come on not yet goober sleeping
in the pipes we'll watch watch okay now
you say bye we'll see you tomorrow and
then you cover it that's what the honey
does a lot don't slap it just good whoo
in fact
getting all right bye guys always
remember to celebrate life hey babe
thanks for watching for Kayleigh
