time for my carry good morning
let's hold girl oh my god
if you forgot if you forgot we're at a
hotel and we are getting ready to we
literally slept so good we get to relax
we literally walked miles yesterday so
today we're going to just pack it up and
go cause I felt that's literally my legs
are sore from yesterday because I had
the wrong shoes hon good morning oh
what's in that picture I just noticed
and you just noticed that it was super
soulful side rule I always do that it's
a tie and uh car and uh one leather I'll
say I'm a statue that's pretty cool code
is it stories last day with us full day
but have your flight tomorrow
hello I never really yep is your word in
it let me send it again
yes again I think it's like an afternoon
like 12 something I know I think I get
back in that usually sizes yeah he like
to work on Monday she's got the Monday
work vibes going and she's gonna bring
back those teeth that I know she mailed
them did you mail them yesterday
look off money now I have to turn back
there amazing that people make what are
we doing going down they are whatever
that is absurd - left - to number 11
no I'll Drive you to visit donut in the
background so second you'll see with
that fork you know this work kind of
psychic to door defense cause right now
I was like out in the contrary part of
where there's toes internet
demilitarized and don't guess my hair
anyway there and makeup and wardrobe
hey what he did with drops outfit
nothing wrong you're welcome you and
wardrobe and let's get that back okay
well alrighty and we're leaving you take
a picture yeah wouldn't take a picture
you don't know you forgot oh so don't
they know like I'm stupid you don't even
remember what to take a picture of
you close your eyes and snap
be surprised women finally should turn
light on New York Avenue Northwest
alright I do not agree let's move it so
it's kind of raining right now we just
got any hair and makeup and wardrobe
done and we see blue sky over there for
kind of excited first setting out for
the first shot but while they're doing
that already
right over here to the yurt I didn't
even know the term yurt not going to lie
until today well no when I found out
they're going glamping I'd I called it a
temp but you guys have to see this now I
can't show you the inside because you
guys would have to watch the show when
we say this episode 11 up to 11 but I've
seen a picture so I haven't seen inside
yet either I've seen a picture of how
amazing they've decorated this yurt for
this a clamping episode so it's going to
be pretty amazing but I want you to see
how massive this thing is over there
filming inside this thing today you're
just getting an opening shot out there
spent on top of beautiful hooker all
this right
look at this thing you're going to get
excited get excited look at this okay
we'll see we'll do an outside tour how
cute is this okay I'm going to get my
first look and then you guys how do you
get in that looks like and in I'm going
to get in trouble
this is the way it has maybe this is a
front door
haha can you messy we're getting
interesting
can you guys see big leak
I didn't do anything oh my god that's
you're getting pancakes for breakfast
because we left early ish so she's about
to throw down some pancakes
Panama does okay thank you how many are
they one two forty seven fifty fifty
five fifty finish it microwave grill
cheese is it microwave and then start
and then refer breakfast every morning
she's a pancake and syrup that's like
the biggest meal sheet no I eat more
than I did do do did you do do do do do
do you see do well and you're doing her
intro Spencer's going to show us inside
awesome actually part of the video as
well part of this episode okay I'd like
to see all of you Wow
sound I win oh wow oh and there's a
donut so now you guys know what the
donuts for like its are you so slippery
stop down the hill now before I can't in
wardrobe look and like just so you don't
kill yourself on a tree
they have padded it's like trealose
basically okay that's how cool this
gonna be it's going to be exciting
Ronnie to go on the tube with the soap
hey you guys have to stay tuned for the
fun cuz this is a bomb I didn't set any
of this up so this can't be vlogs but it
this is so cool when I go see this like
that's straight into the tree but nope I
had friends in Austin we did this is the
it's like Hello what a great idea it
won't hurt
no it'll feel so good that is going to
be so but yes the Sun is coming out look
at this turning into a beautiful day I'm
so excited
gonna be so we like right now this is
last though isn't it at the end of the
day so apparently Paige's bag was too
big so they made her go all the way back
in the car and we parked like in 42
miles away
oh I know they've added to the handshake
you guys are going to get a handshake
update a few minutes know people
watching you guys got a handshake update
yell are very lucky okay wardrobe change
or actually just back into wardrobe
before before you get you behind there
hey will
your rash come back any what we're going
to do with you oh there's me so
high-maintenance animal oh we made it
I was still waiting on pages or
what would they
they leave us I have bad news for you
time to say goodbye to Spencer and the
rest of the crew nope
they wrapped in a long day Bella and her
well Bella
say hi you're gonna stand on my foot is
she beautiful oh did I owe you guys she
likes to Bella likes food she likes you
okay but she liked you better with a
boot watch her little nose look I get
that you get to tell you about I'm blue
I'm not sending my love I had to see you
later
see you soon because you guys are coming
down to our place a couple weeks I think
you're handy that's right Wow Annie
Wow gosh this is building a vacuum
sing out pictures baltasar see you later
pictures we but later later
elegant we're doing this three times for
you every time well yes solid sofa and
we incent Aceves anything arises one by
my way very nice satin you're like my
heart was like there's a new part you'll
see tiny sneaks me and then upbeat
became any inference constancy our best
friend friend friend and when we met
Matt mess my heart was set set set well
we really do the TGT on an evening key
and then are being welcomed three times
oh my goodness pages one two three Annie
isn't some sense to be on a French
Frenchman and when we mess mess mess my
heart assessments that will refill the
peak BC all on our nice meet me and then
of these big became a saga but see you
later
Naga bye
can you see by our lessons last hog
picture don't feel later see you later
never say goodbye got it your car yeah
all right we gotta go work out that
Burger that I should not they won't
always good nap you know we're not and
all the way back to Sweden there's
somebody's purse longest day ever
every night this is what she does oh my
gosh that was probably the longest day
okay it's GTV on HGTV ain't holiday my
little princess
I hate to break it to you but you have
to pack your suitcase tonight and figure
out what you're wearing on the plane
tomorrow and hold this I do it this this
way not just I this way you can relax
for a little while yeah guys we're going
home tomorrow we were just talking in
the elevator about how this is such a
long trip so fun what's up with your
horn very fresh
you are crazy right why stop happy fresh
like stop okay look they're not allowed
to touch it okay well Andy's going to do
a lot of this we got to pack that up but
packed out if it's not that bad the two
of us can keep a hotel room pretty clean
look how clean it stayed so we'll be
back we got to eat some dinner I don't
think either of us are very hungry
because Spencer's mom is an amazing cook
and she like baked all these delicious
treats for us and I feel like I ate them
all day but we will she just left her
blankie I won't let her have it
we got new rules I she can only have it
in bed
so that's why she jumps of bed all right
we'll be back
you
you want to go every week we're only
going to stay up till midnight we look
back that's bad
see you tomorrow
that they
is it like that
Oh
okay guys we were wusses and we lost
because it's about to start raining
really bad so we chose we chose Sicily
became probably pretty right with a
storm you typical food kids here she's
not packed I am she's on asleep I don't
know if I should wake her and make her
eat or just let her sleep she's had such
a long couple weeks so I think I might
let her sleep because I'm eating alone
tonight guys um I guess you're not doing
a question of the day so I'm going to
text the paint stack at home and tell
them to take over so we'll see you
tomorrow Annie and I are taking a day
off from this question of the day okay
guys we are done and a question of the
day tonight is from us because when I
fell asleep the question of the day was
video cameras have you ever been locked
out of a house and what was your
experience you've been locked in a
bathroom I know no bathroom
I've been locked in the bathroom on a
plane yeah I'm going to Austin I
remember that she was screaming me and
in my ears were popping back you barely
hear and I heard screaming and I was
like some some kids crying and there's a
live flight attendant came to me she's
like I'm sorry
she was crying to do that and you were
like so scared and you know but get to
let me out I find it's enough secured
yet she was just like a little bit yeah
I got locked out of the house and then I
was in the pouring down rain and so I
found this neighbor is not in mine I was
house-sitting for somebody and I was
trying to find I was like praying as
like please can you find something that
actually no in this neighborhood I don't
know and I saw this lady and she's sick
in my church and so I went to her and
she didn't even remember me but I think
I please use your phone to call somebody
and so it did and it was horrible I got
locked out of office oh my time Oh
how would you realize not only with my
camera but so was any identifying
information I had for myself to prove
who I was to get another kid oh my gosh
and what'd you do I didn't have a really
good memory from numbers so I went down
to the front desk and said how about I
just give you my credit card number room
you make sure that's the person that's
on fire and the gang is okay and I
started off my credit card number in a
game
my patient right they should walk you up
like walk you up to your room and let
you open the door with you
what are they going to do there's only
one person learning about X channel
sorry where was the middle of the night
I'm going to sketchier Tori did you get
locked out
yeah when I was ready putting the little
child
Oh would you aim the trial lock out yeah
but it's a tad respectable alright guys
well never locked out of the house or
something and told your community for
luck we're locked in oh and a leaf a
clock this you're locked in locked out
we get to think I've an e in Katy
tomorrow Friday because the girl puck is
gonna be back oh the girl pack is gonna
be back fine you are a la always
remember to celebrate life based on the
steak
thanks for watching Chris Haley
