today and we screamed on the top of our
laziest day ever
welcome to Sunday ladies and gentlemen
welcome to Sunday I don't think this has
happened in a very very very very long
time but guess what's going on here
guess what time it is you know what time
it is because you can see the clock you
can't do that it's 4:30 and this is the
first time that we've turned on the
camera my friends GG it is 4:30 I almost
at 4000 4:30 we literally took the
morning off just because we were being
just as lazy as we were yesterday but
now we have to get the house
straightened up we could either pet her
in order to keep her from our face I
can't
amanda and emily is it just amanda or as
via coming to they're coming oh she's
spring break that's right she's going
downtown okay so Amanda and Emily are
coming over so we've got to start just
straightening up a little bit the house
isn't that messy but we've been home and
doing nothing and so there's just stuff
that needs to be straightened so that's
what we're doing
my first stop if I stop asking whether
she'll start barking at me yeah you
distract her
hey I told you okay guys that's your
update well let's go aside I haven't
been out here in a while let's do it you
guys probably haven't been out here in a
while either
middle aisle like some of you guys might
not even ever been in our back yard
before let's go take a look
did you film them oh my gosh your shirt
you can't wear black around Winnie this
is our backyard so I'm around show them
around it is a little chilly up here our
new deck looks pretty good I really
haven't even had a good look at it not
it and that's our jet ski Oh Winnie just
go right there that's fine and our boat
and our dock you want a piggyback ride
she's almost as tall as me it's really
hard to give someone a piggyback ride
when there's pretty much your same
Zionist little buddies Piper
boy are we gonna get back whole way oh
don't start again all right guys well
here you have it this is it this is ya
p-dog okay
we had them here yay okay there's so mad
let's have a little Maddy dog so we're
gonna go upstairs we'll bring you guys
with us that's why they're watching
scary movies a scary movie night
I did I did I like the perfect moment
all right I'm gonna let them finish it
yeah just just go with it Annie was this
the best part all right back to it oh my
gosh oh wait we just watched it it
really wasn't bad each area in my
opinion and I didn't even want to watch
it there is this one thing where we're
Beverly um it was right after she hit
her dad and then she had turned around
and Pennywise was right there and I was
not and we screamed on the top of our
legs now we watched a little my little
pony there you know you gotta get that
out of our systems and now we're not
selling summer Oh
oh my gosh I thought out of my hair I
thought that little thing was my hair
and it's like it's floating
I didn't even catch myself until I
actually said I know we're gonna watch
them die which is good like mmm but that
so we're watching Dumb & Dumber
we're like 30 an hour a minute Alan our
30 an hour manizer an hour minute yeah
30 minutes to an hour into it I braided
her hair I brought it her hair and yeah
that's it question the daytime which is
I got one when you go to oh shoot not
everybody has burritos I was not saying
when you go to Ria's do you get ice or
do you get custard
what kind of what's your favorite
dessert butter cake um I like that like
a chocolate a big huge chocolate chip
cookie with ice cream on top
ooh like a brownie things on that yeah I
like chocolate chip cookies or
cheesecake yep so don't forget to come
below because we want to know the
question of the day is what's your
dessert just a burp bye bye everyone
good night
I know some really dance I only just
like this when you want to dance ice
cream oh yeah great trip yeah something
must happen
you know the you be the blue oh alright
guys thanks for joining us I hope you
enjoyed your bonus footage of Dance know
this and yes yes Hayley we will see you
tomorrow where I'm going to force the
girls at your school remember to
celebrate thanks for watching
Brit Haley
