time for what kami we are doing pair
husband toys cat the person you don't
know I know she's more excited to meet
somebody she doesn't know then someone
she does know she likes new people
people hmm wish everybody could be like
you like new people oh thank you you can
try to meet the same gluttons the hard
part is let's do that all over again
it does look remember faded okay Meza
mess up in the middle don't forget for
today change do it in you just Bree wait
are you doing a Dutch braid back or
front are Dutch he's doing a Dutch braid
Paul I'm really gonna water on the point
one more woman because I'm not filming
you know I walk down the hallway a lot I
try to tickle people with seven I mean
they're just snapchat as me what Spencer
to the makeup fair snapchatting alright
yeah it's hard at work I eat breakfast
what get me a cat you think okay yeah
they said me I'm like me about Hanukkah
she's killing cats I get available let's
go see what's for breakfast I know what
he's going to get you're going to get
one of these the quarter of those we're
going to cut in half court I mean
quarters so you're gonna eat some
strawberries yeah you always
mmm Eggman French toast would Oh what
are the grapefruit eat
Kirkland we have and this lemon bread is
so that I'm having you trying to tap me
on my shoulder yeah me my God if I
retire one heat this is Annie when she's
overtired and she stayed out too late at
night actually it was eight and we gotta
give up later than eight good none you
got back one more take 9:30 nope no time
in fact I think we left the restaurant
at 10:00
yeah yeah we could do this all day and
I'd win are you girls like all right
Paige just be prepared
okay well you walk out that door today
what did you do know when you walk out
that door today you're important when we
get back you'll be yesterday's news are
you
I'm a Haley more excited oh you might
want to thank Saturday yeah barely
Paige is going to put her to work and
make her fill a bunch of videos yeah
Tori like literally five minutes three
so they're fine with it I really into
drop two hours so are um take a
five-hour energy suck it up yeah video
time you have a lot of it to want to
worry her schedule Tori the cop is
coming for us
I can't I know is good to drive slow
we are almost having to circle that's
always calling you and then I saw you
ever yeah you know I think your hair's
on me overseas oh no I ripped your hair
probably look great agree with Howard
your fly good colleague or how early did
you wake up 13 oh my gosh what time you
get to the airport like 5 almost 5:30
okay I took some critics yeah I'm not
finding Claudia check any bags that's
true actually maddening mother
so you had a good slide everything is
good did you need to get into the front
of the plane I don't submit towards some
front so Haley what you take you like
having two of me very vivacious and not
enough literally the opposite like you
and Annie I was wrong the other cousins
when you don't know you holding her
heart into it I was way closer to her
than I was usual coderush I really whoo
all right so they made up a handshake
last time was it the first time you're
mad yeah first day what's a birthday
today
let us know and then now their ideas you
want to say yeah their idea as usual it
was my idea barely thank you thank you
to add a small section each time they
see each other so they just added the
kit kit-- wound now they're going to go
show everybody yeah okay that's true
I'm sorry on bottom is yeah part oh
you're getting interesting it yes we add
it
of course it on I think they should
could use some direction mark the
director all right let's see what Oh
what are you doing down here
Oh being crazy Wi-Fi guys have you
gotten your makeup on you know so much
hope you can't you tell laughing back
what did you two do I'm not the horse
why is her makeup no damn I heard you
what relaxing ah right there was no
relaxing so there is no relaxing oil so
so your sister can hold mine she thinks
that was in her mind she think she's so
pretty doesn't matter
oh no I didn't you know how like you
people is do
she thinks that okay you see it in
everything is I really always in you
lightly
cover them take you but me on the same
tour when did you start acting she's not
a real actor well I'm straight years old
it was awfully long down the street not
again
good nice mole what's been your right
because I was back there yeah naturally
summary as multi-person big are you you
didn't die for girl but you know
eventually go take dr. volson I took the
dances Alton so yeah that was the end of
my career so why are you here
I all just wanted to get old so I can
multiply things again okay human and the
same face of it yeah I'd be like six
more layers not even getting bronze era
and this is what it looks like so far
contour and I like my power later
together well we're still at the proces
good they're starting to look alike I
know it's so it's creepy during the work
right thank you I know a few days like
it's been a good day though it wasn't
really yeah we've got a field trip
tomorrow with an animal but you guys
have to tune in to find out what animal
I'm doing right here one day apart you
they can't do it what are you gonna do I
won't even say it I won't even tell you
okay what it's gonna be a cool that you
guys have to watch it that we get to see
them three and they can see each other
and we expect like please that's great
Savi's Bobby honey a couple yeah yeah
they're going to each other again and
then it could be a little while right
it'll work it's gonna work out you know
what it's not oh oh that's not good bye
see you later and we don't have to do
this now because you can see each other
Saturday I know they just can't stand it
it's me later I yeah yeah Saturday huggy
and losers of thanks goodbyes aren't
really saying goodbye the same like
you'll come up with them a little bit
hundred more you know like I said got it
edited alright well we're out of here
not a goodbye we are wrap for the day
you guys are so cute look where annie is
you just got out of the bed so I have to
get my camera I meant like this is what
we do we get home from set I know you're
going to Bay and I've been sitting
around all day I had to get up and walk
a few times cos sitting there so long
I'm having my eyes I'm not at all over
my face yeah that they take her makeup
off but sometimes the mascaras what okay
so then you guys here's some exciting
news we have one song that's pretty much
completely right no this come that one's
completely written like there may be a
few changes here and there you did have
a lot of mascara left on but that one is
one of them totally done and two of them
are almost done that's the bridge
yeah the bravery on last course well the
course of our dress yeah first okay
which is kind of exciting but - so Annie
can really remember him she's going to
like write them down we can't let you
listen I say my songbook my lyrics
unless you start writing in this little
book but we got hands-on with my lyric
with my songbook sounds fun I better
practice so no moving a pencil so how do
you like song buck so and like she had
like this one was written for her but on
the other two songs she's going to have
some writing credit you're just trying
to get some stuff done and you so we're
hoping that she can write some ideas and
lyrics down in this book so that's what
we're doing right now while we wait for
our food to get here it's raining we
were going to walk and get something to
eat I don't want to do that I think I
need a pencil I don't think I have a son
so long and cuz I literally sat on
separate hours today hi but it's rainy
so I guess we're fine to eat and I freak
out don't freak out Annie I can't
I messed up nice and want this book oh
it does not have to be perfect I'm such
a perfectionist lately actually you've
always been a perfectionist
that's fun
I'm going to decay so just whip that K
out all right when I think we can let
you guys hear a sneak peak we will
definitely do that because next time we
go to LA she's going to try to record
all of these we're hoping to get three
of them done trying to call my age money
dinner's done okay yes any testing over
there she assured hi say hi to the vlog
what are you doing oh you're at a
restaurant you having fun yeah what
restaurant are you at right about a mess
are you at Outback fun
I miss you happy I'm coming there soon
what I can't what I can't hear daddy
what'd he say they got secrets it's
important I am talking to Haley who I
haven't seen in days I will talk to who
the second I know
yeah Annie's here she's taking a test so
she can go to seventh grade sorry Julian
what she said sorry she's too busy
working out you call me later okay okay
let him learn one love I okay Annie what
did you need princess so she's trying to
get in the seventh grade so you are
she's going to start ASAP I think so we
can trust I don't
Hey
would you say about math earlier solve
your own I hope you grow up is always
overall every has problems in the world
solve your own Fanny got our own problem
just need to solve yours don't have time
for your problems
why do I care how why people are
ordering at restaurants so many times
all right there on the best friend level
because they're sharing oysters together
and Haley is a rockin and rollin the
veteran yes look at that moisture
madness so how do you do how it's how to
keep it open it easy
not so good it's a good story
are you loving this area your breeches
we're all right guys I didn't keep it
don't worry
we could cry I'm eating it because of
pride mr. Dale's car the flashing eyes
however know what y'all we're just
having the time of our lives
the juice looks good is it good God try
it
oh my god open the door open they're not
what if they are one day her first time
eating a crab cake in Maryland go has a
big bite
yes
what you talk how's the flavor oh no
they're not all written in one one are
you gonna write your own I mean it is
your own because the other two you're
going to help go right so you should
start making notes on them in there what
were you going to say oh I did called a
doctor oh she just called Annie the
computer's not voice-activated it should
be actually very kind of a theory
oh that's undergone hearing all right
she needs some help with math killing
her is not helping me I'm not a Matthew
person let's do a question of the day
because you're literally going to do
that siri is trying to help with the
question of the day you're going to do
that then we're going to bed
what is your oh wait it's back-to-school
time some people are already back in
school like your cousins
so what are you looking forward to this
school year
nothing you have to come up with
something completely stay positive
what are you looking forward to Danny
I'm looking forward to organizing yeah
thing I need to think so
okay so that's fine one thing all right
and then after the first day of that you
can done being gorgeous
no noise I'm like I'll be so organized
this year
the next day I'm like man doesn't matter
all right so you guys comment down below
to what you guys are most excited about
about the school for the school year if
you've gone back hope you're having a
good first of your year if you haven't
good luck and he's going back soon we'll
see you
vomit down below okay guys hi-y juice
parties these are like Eminem's
and America Canadians call them smarty
they're not exactly the same I want to
show them I want to show them real quick
because it's Canadian can dudes fun so
they're bigger and flatter than feminum
and there's pink ones we don't have pink
M&Ms took abuse all right for real but I
always remember to celebrate like hey
babe thanks for watching Rick Haley
