is very important that's ready we're
ready
coming up tonight in a few minutes I
music video for black is coming out
tonight
can I hear it okay
Oh Miami channel link will be in the
Bayou I you can buy in her Louisiana
bayou
the by oh you mean we'll be in the -
link into the description now time for
Miami right now we are getting picked up
for today's we got to leap and different
reasons
kind of not really desire to take a
shower in the morning was an obstacle I
might comment hard right now I think I'm
hungry
so I said mintus I'm getting this food
there so day for stay for filming no not
turtle five six days five filming so I'm
filming a YouTube red show
dun dun dun trailer is on my house
trailer is on aunty LeBlanc
go and wash it with you on the spot as
you put your savvy squat on the spot in
one word describe savvy heavy - sure
have you going I'm gonna go expensive
girl pal
I was going to make you help with your
own too bad so we're waiting on the mom
Mickelson or hob and pick us up every
day and we're not usually waiting on him
but we're early for bye we're rule which
is they're not normal they're they were
right on time
ten minutes like just flipping through
what's going to think of you having in
the front hair like oh I like this with
hair lady good one oh good morning oh
dear it is morning time at the LeBlanc
house blah blah that's how I say it
Oh little bit long yep morning morning
where you going with me hmm
alright I followed her firstly in list
for the day the first thing is well the
first thing is clean your room because
you didn't do it last night which is on
the last night list or the night list
somehow hurricane Hayley got in here
and destroy the place this is were
already here those are spam yeah I do
make a mess when I make a video arms and
let's go in here clean it I will need
some type of place I'm determined to get
everything hung today yes cleaning all
of the trash and putting it on the
ground
alright get started this all needs to be
hung up so if you don't know how to hang
it I'll hang it hard enough for me
trying stuff on good if you know it's
not but you want to say I do shoe she
got yeah we are just some good
fashionistas we can pick no no I gotta
go get dressed because I have to just
don't we help you watch you're doing it
just pull in something yeah okay I'm
going on set by
great time means time I think you're
supposed to be over there or that is it
just tear a segment do you know where
you're supposed to be you know oh you
guys are okay well we're going to watch
you we're going to be creepers so you're
good
no muffin and feast
I'm gonna try to hang something I am oh
oh you didn't know my everyone can
change not everyone but you can rate
organism is roses why the organize you
know it's not organized it but yet there
were a color-coded huh all that was
color-coded until you just put two
whites in a pink section wasn't no yes
that one is I just color code it yeah
okay bye that's know that people would
be so squalid a snaps right there we're
supposed to be learning their lines but
this is no there's a little distracted
right now
I mean snapchats way more fun they
actually are really good they know their
lines by the time they get over there or
cat food no that's your line we didn't
know where you went we were watching
your live I just kind of like where are
they and I never use this connected
couple hard fun and here's a scam again
ah the puppy in here a little like Gigi
and guess what the maintenance baby not
funny but we're gonna make the Bevin PD
go to go away
oh shoot okay we're pranking everybody
sorry
I wouldn't do that to the editors
they're going to make you guys look bad
she's pranking someone who's watching an
office collection see this is what they
do on their break
it's not reflexes put her Annie's dad
would be like I can sue
is there anyone hello guys so we are at
the carwash and we are getting our
quarters wash because my sister is
coming summer Haley so excited my well
actually have a lot of sisters but my
biological sister is coming tomorrow so
you're about to see her and you can see
how much we look like and act like and
don't act alike and talk alike so we're
so we're stuck at the car place for like
15 minutes
this week it's Nordstrom Rack this week
there's a Nordstrom guys I'm going to be
over there so I'll have two guys Linda
we're going to pound across the street
walk away run say the year
- the track let's go go go go go go go
go go go go go go
you married it a lot you might know why
Oh how'd you get nothing
good thanks cute all introduced her to
something I told her she needs to get a
nice happened then she got one they just
magically appeared on Aslam cuz Rob's
the best is again yeah right well what
is it describe it it's coffee and I've
never heard of an I really call a nice
cat was a cult thank God I don't like
coffee you know the cappuccino that what
it is is try it it's definitely a coffee
oh no I got it I got a 100 I'm just
saying good
yeah I'm just warning you it's really
awesome you think I'd be hot really
coffee
good I don't like coffee it Oh at all
I'm in so their little analyzed by
Kendrick looking really I already
grabbed one of these I thought walk in
the morning not baby shell sunken so
sweet I make your lies my next on good
luck
y'all are filming in Sarah's room today
yes bedroom so much for you thank you
rob for every iteration Oh bye baby
okay so we're about to go oh I know
where we do my nails okay we're about to
go on to that door so do it and the
whole weekend away right
tomorrow not working we can every moment
mommy it's not working you know sorry a
wheelchair there chat John ok guess I
said right here you walk Oh simpleton
with my room oh the skateboard she's
pretty much the coolest chick I've ever
met like she loves all that kind of
stuff
haha hey Jaden wants to meet there
Spencer who you just met her all girls
this is Spencer's room yeah
we normally say as the other when she's
not here - 10 years shorter
she's long hair girl here's girl I'm
such a good boy bed how's that where's
your room ha ha ha
she's too new have a room maybe next
season so I'm always hanging around in
the room was kind of created by that
minute oh and even my room again all I'm
using you just pop out of nowhere like
oh you don't have a mic I know she
doesn't have a ring - in my room she
wants a room guys you hear that nice a
better one
100 nothing nothing is the log he found
your room the trash can be nice
she said be nice Sarah they love your
room Sarah Sarah they love your room
they love your room don't notice all
those but she came in she did say this
looks like my room ID yeah I got the
same one
oh this is a cool room now ready
can you play anything under your idea
smoke no not a word yeah all right sure
I'm professional that's great
don't leave it might might see my new
finger oh I'm just kidding
ah I do like Johnny I hardly is probably
best friends with the floor Johnny here
yes
Johnny takes over yeah yeah I got it all
right
hi this is my friend over justify hey
mom this is the Orlando blog now look
son Canada
you're not just because there's a
pot-bellied but pot bellies everywhere I
know exactly what your guys
Oh circle the structure no happens to me
and you oh my gosh oh so if you let us
simply district letting up everything
beautiful the thing I don't ever know
it's like hut it's huge
that's insane it's bigger than your head
is that a wrap on Hayden summer oh yeah
so much more oh and Annie you're here
tomorrow
I'm that's what I'm all I'm is you're
here tomorrow is all I can be glad boy
okay I do believe you just took Annie
just said you do parkour okay you need
to come in
and the boiling we are sharing and
Johnny's are so mean you need to be
happy
as you walk into it morning first of all
here take me Mom like you were looking
for me thank you this should busy this
is working
they're going to some will please to
Gemma please
card a okay once again what are we
getting that to pee
that
No Oh God
we had had a very resistant yes we have
team which is cleaning up the house
done organize de Cluny you I miss Danny
and mommy I don't know do you for
sentencing Elsa shirt coming home
tonight I'm up in the night or loose
today are coming Oh
ethics all right I'm just kidding and
hating on my favorite one I like Johnny
but Haven is my favorite except better
yeah okay
all better and this is a space where the
skating rink is mrs. puff okay guys we
are getting a real a tour from some real
Canadians what do you call it like from
if you're from Toronto what are you are
you Antonia a Torontonian and some real
for Antonio yeah real one this is real
one authentic they are legit you guys
so here's some a cool little thing we're
gonna take pictures over there but I
learned and I said I say it wrong
because I said Toronto you guys say it
back Toronto we write crown and
everybody comes skating here so I guess
yeah this is it brings it over and it's
they can skate I'll have to come in the
winter I don't know I'm not going to
make that promise because I don't Kohl's
and me I bet I want you to climb up
there and do that are you allowed to do
that
climb up there and sit on the Maple Leaf
we're going to pretend to put them in
but you've got to be able officer hi I'm
fine
it's not a hoodie but I love it
sweatshirt Fletcher that's what I was
going to do but I was afraid 40 damn one
and you would be so mad and that shirt
yeah oh dear water in that we won the
friendship would it end right there yeah
we got kicked out of the fountain area
you're going to get kicked out there's
no way to be able to get up there got to
use those muscles upper body strength
they did this master dancer okay mami
mami
how is he going to get down and what I'm
really wondering oh my gosh
it actually makes me
pretty impressive okay I'll take your
backpack
we never quit bull
oh yeah
those do that for my own personal blog
Hayden don't worry no one will see this
vlog no one will truly see mine I
promise
I'm going to go back further back I want
to get the whole car
keep looking there
hopefully we got one good one
Hey darienne's up Haden scoping it out
you're going to do it no no Jared y'all
please
if you happen to get a good school have
screen shot
she's thinking about I don't know if
she's going to do it here Jonesy oh
please awful so just be careful okay any
fit though what do you want her yeah
I really thought this over
yeah be symmetrical I was supposed to be
like nah nah
really cool yeah when you're Marian can
take a picture so she minds darienne's
like a beast when it comes with a camera
first she's going to take a video Auto
first no emotion I just love how it's
surrounded by the building yeah it
really really pretty out here the night
is great yeah it's time for the question
of the day and the question of the day
is what's your favorite snack my
favorite snack is goldfish all right so
as you may know we went to Target sorry
we didn't tell the target we just got us
wrong room you know no parents around we
just have fun with anyway so we was
targeting our team at targa we're going
to show you tomorrow tomorrow where I
want to do a room tour yeah when my so
we're trying to hurry up a good event
because my sister's coming tomorrow is
like that really early super early soup
so we're gonna have to go pick her up
from the airport but we're so excited to
be really high oh by the way you're
doing to talk to us tomorrow
oh yes totally overlooked so ever so so
anyway yeah we went to the store we
would sing us instead uh no ever Bridget
your guru and pushes a day and put your
favorite back and she said goldfish
who's you said gone to fine let's just
say
I choose been going strawberries into
tell oh that's a good one do that it's
good for that our guys about knit that
hat and all sandwich in photo berries
don't worry don about don't forget to
comment on their like to swim in the
ocean minute guys oh yeah my makeup is
everywhere imagine find that out
don't look at me okay so see my lip
strikes
okay so right now what are we doing
oh yeah custom today which is what is it
was a favorite snack because I call
these goldfish is your fair Oh
Doritos what's your favorite snack from
the Indian burrito Canadian Doritos is
it better so so what tonight was so much
fun got to know John a little better you
see hey Matt playlist great yeah so yeah
don't forget to calm down below so I
know the question the day is what severe
of snack I'm tired so bye guys we'll see
you tomorrow
always remember to celebrate life based
on take baby
thanks for watching
Britt Haley
