time for what can you eat good morning
do you really put this backwards yeah
because it was a hole right there okay
if you think I'm doing so like when you
put it down in the liquid it stops the
hole from messing up
don't using a skew it works okay so
maybe saw a hole mezack good morning
good morning come on what you're eating
for breakfast pizza is it really
breakfast
it's lovely guys we've been lazy so it's
been raining as you can woah can't see
as you can see it looks pretty right now
in the camera but if you look up there
you'll see the watcher residue it has
been raining all day it must have rained
all night last night because it was
nearly let me come came up it was like
raining yeah so yeah it's raining and we
just want to be lazy can really just be
lazy today is that possible because you
should eat this one next because there's
a lot of cheese and your lime saving
that for this Wow
and if you get full dough just eat it
next because I really want to eat it but
I can oh we're just going to be watching
movies I'm mantua know what is your
shirt she got this new little outfit
it's so cute from Zara and it's a little
emoji just madness is just the cutest
anyway we might do some crafts later
might draw some stuff and lots much
movies eat popcorn like make food I feel
like making food is what I like to do
when it's raining good morning guys but
I know you have it see me in a while and
I know you mysteries so I just thought
that this is only been like two seconds
before that other video but I just
thought that I would show my face
because it's been a while it's super
white I haven't seen the Sun in a few
days if you can't tell maybe tomorrow if
the sun's out we should take a walk
mm-hmm like anymore
stroll just wake us up early
yeah anyway I already went to the gym
downstairs he heard I was in the Jones
Tara bloom and I was trying to work out
but the bunny I plays with a bunny she
literally lovely she was hopping on me
and then she let me pet her and she
can't we just nibbled at my little shoes
she's actually super funny
like me I'm going a little dog are you
feeling when you see jumping witches yes
we got two so cute anyway so burning a
part of her in a little bit I'll catch
you later guys
how about I'll go see what he's doing
okay oh you're supposed to be on there
we forgot what we forgot we had film
this morning so here we are morning
we're back on set better go hi girls I
can't go back there because I would be
distracting to them but I can watch them
hungover their lives how do you get so
lucky
now I'm after her what is it can you
give a little hem like cut like like
you're talking about something yeah well
good like yeah remember the time where I
did this and then they cut to that part
little like too much away but she's got
something on her head yes yeah okay are
you gonna have something on your head I
don't know I also do you know what
you're cutting to watch how awkward is
good
now you can sit out here and watch
Spencer like we watch you guys that
weird
well yeah I'm going to start taking your
phone away when I talk into your let's
hold him that's all all anti speed is
watch as easy I know
Dylan talk about Liza
done Jane Katie oh it's a collie dog
they're not it's not good right now so
how's it like fifty dogs over all this
fog
it was mr. Christmas birthday I was like
she was picked out of them
yay plug we got an already plugin Naniwa
slogan John Gotti looks at me lovely
money okay we win it face time for last
night hon I had to pay summer twice
today to make up for it it was like face
paint right okay you don't pay attention
to me I take the phone I think I can't
give anything away I know when I can get
the behind-the-scenes of you getting
your face cleaned about Spencer would
have cooperated if I'd come over here
and said hey Spencer hey Spencer what's
going on hi we're cleaning our monsters
and we're going right oh you would have
done it for Spencer's mom yeah we're
eating right getting ready for lines
should embarrass any just embarrass
Wyatt usually analyze see you out of
your element Annie are you nervous
what the cameras in your face I'm
interviewing cameras in my face another
half 21 days three hundred years that's
like my number right now twenty hundred
it's like not even a true morning I
waited twenty hundred hours it's my new
to be twelve anytime with somebody like
I would be exaggerating on something but
can't like twelve years someone familiar
get their dream familiar someone says
like what do you thinking about are like
I'm gonna get to choosing that I always
seems up in Hannah I know I Cory out on
the were never there and then we look at
each other well I guess it weren't I'm
thinking about you're like banana yeah I
don't have one your nails all right you
guys don't really know I have makeup and
haha does it oh yeah the little segments
a film was really cute so like the it
looks awesome itself are really key to
you
they just wrapped a messy scene are they
coming out you guys
it got everywhere in there it we won't
say what it was
it was sticky and it was messy it's a
copy really that's lunch - thank you so
gross oh let me take your hair down when
we leave then we do the cute of
hairstyles and you like take it down
sometimes I know I don't want to take it
and I was like a secret there to some of
the hairstyle it'll be a secret there
have to watch the show to find out
exactly that's have to so I knew you had
a reason well thank you that was very my
arm my arm - so we wrapped for the day
what kind of just it is so so immensely
service was not coming
and then five I have a late call
tomorrow
no I was kind of late for us yeah yeah
normally is five sleep in good dent it
um are you ready for a dinner a dinner
for two
there's mac and cheese and pizza are you
awake
you know what I just realized you didn't
bring me a silverware how are we going
to eat the mac and cheese touch your
stomach hmm
Tommy and I had a long day you want to
meet him all movies all whenever I was
in I'll ask you to invite some pizza
oh it's very thin hot no now that is
served
mmm I'm gonna get get towel Rick stop
Benny don't jump out and scare me nice
oh okay with it good though okay I
wonder if I could like haul down to get
a boom any for but I thought you were
tired go on through and choose that do
that before you speak to me because all
you do is late and don't talk to anyone
excuse you I talk to you all day oh hey
guys silly one we do okay now we're
facetiming to H money huge money
we're going to see official answer
Tector couldn't talk to her today Larry
don't know him
and her answer you answer may well I
didn't focus on the Oh didn't answer
unavailable
I'll text them and we'll see you'll be
back up and get the movie where's Haley
I'm texting daddy we want to F T her
only to see these times that takes too
long you take it like a twelve-year-old
now really none I really I just want to
talk you just like to hear the sound of
your voice hi
all right we gotta go for a walk where
we gonna go to sleep
mmm no we can hell whatever I want to do
well tripod on a bed sale you want to go
to work out or let me go for a walk I'm
going to work out okay do nothin how
about we pretend to work I mean how
about we pretend to go on a lot Oh what
happened is Ashley why you guys come on
really ah it pinched added it to that is
a dangerous job BC where do we have a
gym you guys
and the hotel has got really fancy I
think those with a spa to get there hey
Anthony
- yo deck on Oh top of the one there's
food this is their gym it's like all
okay there are some weights fall like
machines this will work though
strike up on the vanity start Clowney
page
could we come out here to pose in front
of the mirror we cannot yeah we did
that's why the thing
what's that I did head oh that's nice so
weird that I'm going to set the tripod
up and watch you work out
you
for now is Ryan messing up my body no
such a good time
come on Annie
she even way enough oh that's ninety
pounds more than you so that would make
sense without heavy enough turn the
other way like a bicycle
I don't having 250 pounds oh you don't
want to do too much
at noon the whole place vibrates for a
rule-breaker
she was an 18 or isn't they obtained
London a poor not in there anymore so um
and God tell me eight eight Pete's and
worked out that was maybe not the best
idea you didn't like the beeper oh good
this is a cool thing ever
bad sayin we are watching a movie
whoa it looks blue eyes look like a
smurf oh no we just had your lipstick
look away - right so we don't have
dinner tonight we're putting a little
riddle we're for the rest don't we knew
each other we would be okay if we didn't
see each other for a week at this point
I'm just kidding ah you are me honey
yeah you are even being 19 you've been
really crazy all day and I can't handle
it oh we make up and we sleep together
we snuggle every night Paige you wear
too much makeup
I thought wore makeup in like like okay
since we've been better wearing makes
women this we've imagined or a week I've
only wore makeup once this is a second
time awarded and I had to because I did
a video and I took pictures she did it
for you I did it for you guys it was no
for real because I'm breaking out real
real life talk come free me you don't
want to see that mom stuff going through
these teenage years again I don't know
why I think I spoke of them eating
healthy and I'm like detoxing my body
hold double chin look at my shoes from
urban no not ability worse sorry that
moment when you're waiting for Billy to
shake his head is Josie big jerk right
late pink he knows he knows mama know
something we were in the car yesterday
and we were all three of us and Hailey
was like mommy and we had really both
looked and we were waiting to see which
person he was she which person she was
hot anyway I was like okay that's me and
then I'm looking like little could be
Sicilian so we wait it and then she goes
I mean daddy it was like beer back hey
you can't leave me with the camera yeah
yeah hey guys you better get that out
ready wait ready cut it out I just have
to Lee really our focus on coconut chips
guys that gives you energy
no where's she going once again I don't
know where are you going I see you you
better not eat much coconut tip you
don't even life down you don't even like
coconut
hey oh you're giving it a man look I
want some dang coconut chips dang okay
they're so bad
the pillow touch my face that probably
has makeup on it oh the peleg I know I
could totally leave my mark everywhere I
go like if I went and I went to a hotel
just good pillow I'm gonna be like oh my
god I'm out there would be like
eyelashes and
no eyebrows my lashes thank you very
much
I read those alright so right now let me
just update you on life one day come
here
on life we got to update them okay so we
did not come along say again we've been
really weird lately and lazy but we
actually have been said lately reason
weird
is into a so we lit Perry Haley watch TV
and just did whatever and I did work no
I know
slow you're a we a lot coming on you to
back it up
it's good to know that's not how I live
you're assisting you can't do going Oh
sis yeah I mean you just help me bro she
took some pictures on me and we went to
dinner and we had I she wanted to gauge
the via whatever doesn't it can't wait
like all the random stuff I said I told
the lady I was like can I just have
chicken and cheese burger quesadilla
what they gave her chicken only chicken
write everything down and the sour cream
it literally fell everywhere like why is
it so hard to eat in LA
there's no cheese seven already ready
Kissel was another case don't you
remember
oh yeah we're we ate dinner and then
we're came I get okay so now we're about
to watch a movie and we're not going to
tell you because you're gonna get mad
Annie and Katie because the movie y'all
wanted to see but you're here now so
he'll feel party so as I'm finishing the
day which is extra friction today oh
yeah
boys we need to film the questions that
I didn't mean screaming about what's
your favorite app on your phone
so the question big is what's your
favorite Apple yourself favorite Apple
my thumb is contra and stammer musically
how old she is any pick one I'm going to
go with Instagram I feel like I'm on
there a lolly
that's right Instagram no keep going one
more down though you're Ivan filming me
or not no no no still things are mess of
a Mexican Arizona you know I just got
right now my homie nope okay good letter
anyone got narrow it one more down come
on no matter is now I can't dude and
you're going to building anything would
they like it your degree in blondie my
tummy hurts inner to my smile that's
a smile so that we know how kidding
mommy was yours I said it done okay
come out then drone fixed accountable
doctrine of the day is let's just hear
it off on your phone
bye guys see you tomorrow me high-fiving
you always remember to celebrate life
thanks for watching
Britt Haley
