time for my cami breakfast in bed
you're like a frog eating a fly I wish I
liked breakfast I doubt I need having
oatmeal a pastry and fresh fruit and
apple juice what's that for the oatmeal
you added all the brown sugar okay all
right so today is our second day off I
think we are going to go do some enough
shopping I needed I need a tripod a
little one because I was using pages for
so long while we were there and I left
it so that because it's hers I want to
steal it cuz I won't be stealing I let
her have it pack so I'd like to see if
there's like a bad buy that one has
going to miss but I love Best Buy you
will be enough you can look for a phone
case no okay well we're going to go to
try to go by to say and he's very
excited I mean just a little bit up
pretty much and today we are going to UM
I doctor's appointment is that it okay I
don't know um I have to get dressed in
my hair I already brushed my teeth and
oh hi I didn't say hi so yeah really
time 11:30 and we're finally up and I
was at 8:00
out of the bed we were kind of both up
fairly early open at BestBuy and
fingernail polish are you ready
I want to tripod need a tripod and nail
polish because your white nails are
chipping and they have to stay oh yeah
really chipping way to go Annie I have
to stay consistent or see them too and I
don't really feel like going here to
have done tilt it to herself
alright yeah but you know I'm like bored
in the hotel room aren't you oh wait
feet I don't care now the job is
returning it you know it's actually been
pretty good Leslie
so if he tells you he glasses or you're
going to be deserving which educators we
need glasses long yeah yeah okay guys
guys like I guess I did say okay so
we're just kindly walking to Best Buy um
and I just hear my mom go oh it's out
I'm like what's out what elegant I'm
sick what's drawing shoes like it so
it's so good and I just listen to like
what she's like your song out I can like
what we found out by you guys cuz you
were posting about us thank you so much
because I dream said oh it could be
anywhere from suit afire there was no
then you feel like dick clone the day
and randomly percent percentages around
Lee sometimes don't roll up for 16 days
I'm like well then we have no clue when
it's going out we really we put on
sometimes you can put a date in the
future but we just chose to do basically
as soon as possible like yeah so then I
was like oh my gosh hard to post but I
just bought it like two minutes ago
another picture so and I was like oh my
gosh you're gonna think I'm crazy but
it's okay so thank you guys for
listening to it you guys figured
available in iTunes available and I know
just plug plug plug plug plug always
plug II um go listen to it closely right
what do they do what do they hear how do
they find it um you can click the link
in my Instagram bio or program below
over down below or let me just go to
iTunes and search up
my slice a Neela bong I think it's on
Spotify and some other things too but
and the video will be coming out soon
I'm going to do a countdown on my
Instagram we haven't really decided
videos ready yeah but we have to get a
little countdown right yeah so maybe by
this weekend yep so like five days from
now and you guys see it's probably like
three days so I'm getting battered a
Friday or Saturday yeah so around that
time oh yay and also I made three
musically today which have been too
musically no which would have been two
days ago so hope you guys like this what
happens on my news but it'll I'll go on
there and just plug in right now
don't mind me for social annual blog and
it was like annual abroad any dot once
on snapchat now
hey Haley was the one who I hope it
doesn't just pay them daddy approve
really I'm not there to approve it but I
did watch it and it's it's good some
about toast I like toast
oh you heard that it's like I don't know
toast or the talk about I don't know
it's comedy is it like coffee
oh I still be be so little baby-baby
little open out Annie Oh Mike I can show
them alright we think we found them all
we're going to go do it
of course Hey Oh
like and shopping I think I do it too
much
nobody sent me to buy five minutes later
we had like 30 bags let's lick them off
all right
I don't know and find out now you need
to push it with your own hands lounge
not a mom today we're not certain we
think it's like a subway not like a
subway i eating the e like a subway
surah it says subway on there over here
too long to Transit Commission but it's
a nice one let's ask ourself you guys
been here yeah let's go see do you think
Canadian Starbucks have two drinks we're
going to go find out
you
what's the diagnosis Hayley are you free
yeah Walker for the win yeah there girl
Oh solet son took that from you a lot of
experience - oh hey
Oakland boom boom
Saifee in two years they rattle s'mores
so antique went for vanilla bean right
and here's an ombre paint drink kind of
tastes the same all right we're going to
try to both fit in that in one
compartment not that hard whole little
thing what a dog why I said this
is look at the phone
all right now we're going to move on
I know Chad our little heart set on more
we're going to make our long mile trek
back to the hotel
25 minutes out a long mile now too short
my aunt actually I wonder if it's admire
or is the kilometer we're in Canada they
don't do the miles so maybe I would have
assumed it that could have said one on
the mat like so what's the mountain a
kilometer
that's a kilometer and that's a mile I
wish the difference
is it different like half mile two miles
I well remember we did a 5k which is
like three miles
so five kilometers like a three miles no
1 kilometer or ones less than a month
no a mile of what and a kilometer right
yeah yeah so a mile mile and so if isn't
a kilometer it's not even a mile I think
I don't know if that's right let's cross
with all these people like we're in New
York I feel like it's easier to film
with it and you can just like poop -
instead of like cut it's on like a stick
four seconds we're crossing you are her
black Annie I want to get him on video
before he runs he's eating his nut his
acorn and it tastes so good you know we
will have beautiful black squirrels like
that oh he's so cute
he like can you leave me one
yeah he's like can you leave me alone
yeah he is so cute I just know another
acorns itself Danny
look how cute they are I wish they
button to get a little closer I'm not
gonna touch you
just want to film you I'm going to make
you a famous squirrel you guys he's so
cute there he is
well the bases are so cute I'm not close
enough to them
he almost caught it he's yeah he's like
really can we be friends here looking at
you Annie
I feel like you're going to attack you
at any minute I feel like you could like
jump on your face
I call signs they don't feed the
squirrel yeah but I mean I think you can
feed the squirrels acorns because that's
kind of what they eat all right come on
they are so cool looking
they blend in with a tree you can't
really see him they got like a brown
tail
I need more no you don't know man's home
who ate your chocolate you ate it it was
good we ate chocolate instead of
ordering room service chocolate and
popcorn
our favorite chocolate well my favorite
chocolate and we found that popcorn peas
salt and vinegar yeah we'll just have
dinner no one ate much I like two hours
no it was a match omelet like we've
jumpin everywhere no really I feel like
we've been in this hotel room for two
and a half days because we pretty much
have we've tried to get out what are you
doing over there look at how high you up
are on the charts number five and he
doesn't look at all that stuff I have to
tell her but actually you know where I
get my information from you guys for
posting it you guys right here you you
know and like Thailand believe that
whole clip no you look fine since when
do you worry so much about how you look
I mean I do but you've never really
worried about it we've seen you in first
thing in the morning and
we hope I know that's imminent on videos
oh my gosh off of it no me here we are
what anyone I love like anything it's
like a little tiny food
oh yeah we're they where they actually
make the food alright well this is your
evening update we're about to order food
we had a long day today and by we I mean
page
and we are about to do the question of
the day and the question of the day is
pray
Finders Keepers
so don't forget to calm down below cuz
da is yeah hi
but before I go into that bed and the
and before I take my makeup off cuz I
look terrible right now whoa oh my oh my
kit is and without makeup on no I'm
talking about how bad my makeup looks
right now like Hawaii should we're done
I barely have any on it's just the
concealer makes like the concealer I put
on it's worn out right under my eyes so
it looks like my eyes are really red
okay anyways I just think ended like
will hardly I love little tags on you
like forever I I'm tired
knocking don't want to get up in the
morning but the question of the day is
what did you have going what do you wait
one special days what's your strange
addiction all right
so would you call like fidgeting and
addiction I mean hoi and
very fidgety like at night my mom gets
mad at me because I suggest so much and
I hear she gets back we get some mad
she's like stop doing I'm trying to
sleep but that's not the worst I have
this weird addiction for chapstick I
like I will show you when we get back to
the house I've got like five us's like
20 Burt's Bees ones I actually have one
in my backpack right now
I like lip glosses I don't like the ones
that drive Matt or just Jerrod used to
make I've got such chapped lips of it
interest
oh that's I've just mommy what's yours
oh my strange addiction the whole way
is that a scientific term yet that's
pretty stringent account I'm pretty I
think I'm addicted I'm like running off
as like a gentleman right now I got I
feel like once my head to stop elemental
yeah okay so you have so I'm gonna go to
bed see you guys tomorrow don't forget
to come to logically another question
today is such a strange addiction bye
guys see you tomorrow
always remember to celebrate life hey
Bay Bay Bay
thanks for watching Chris Haley
