time for what cami good morning
everybody it's our first full day off
and there's mirrors everywhere in
Toronto like so we're going to go be
tourists we're going to go to the CN
Tower right and maybe the Ripley's
museum really yeah I mean we've done a
Ripley's museum when you're a little but
you've never done one here it is it take
the Ripley's Believe It or Not museum
it's like a museum where they're like
they leave like blow your mind
that's what you got to believe it or not
so we are in the midst to getting ready
and we're going to eat some lunch and
get going
I wonder what page daddy and Haley are
doing good man deaths too woke up on her
own to day you did you were kind of
opening your eyes this morning today is
the beautiful Sunday of a sunday sunny
actually today and it is sunny on a
Sunday mmm are we going to do we are we
have a lot going on today
we have pictures we have videos we have
all that stuff respective outfit changes
wardrobe changes my hands are feeling
tingly right now I just did a
pre-workout drink I was doing this over
there the lights that are over here mess
mess alright that was your morning
update with Katie and Annie we're going
to listen some music or into our hair
and it's going to be a good day anything
to put light makeup on - looking for my
foundation and I said no I didn't say
like that but I said could I borrow your
foundation I said
no you don't need it can use concealer
we are small we come on and we had a
bunch you today that we forgot to film
and yes we're really bad at it today
that is it tonight at it filming we're
horrible film earth we failed suckers
you me and yeah that makes more sense
our rebel bloggers and we're sorry and
we're going to someone why does it smell
like popcorn kind of resistance I'll
really good even though I don't like
popcorn I like the way it smells and
yeah so we're gonna I don't like on
popcorn we did not go you want to be
super super shocked right now
the reason that we're here it's not
because of me it's not because of her
it's because this one cuz I love clothes
no way listen he needs more clothes guy
oh they're real like wonder oh what a
collar what are we doing here yeah so he
loved his clothes in LA for the LA
apartment and he needs some more e so
we're gonna talk about the pizza he had
to personal stylist with them you guys
this our day to be real Canadian
tourists wait we're not Canadian how can
i word that right it's our day to be
tourists in the country of Canada now
better yeah better yeah so we're at the
CN Tower which is funny because before I
googled it I thought it was like seeing
like a word seeing like maybe si Ian or
something like that but it's the letter
C and in know what yeah vision actually
does not get very good I bet chalk in my
mouth like he weighs that okay so we're
going to try to get tickets to go up in
that yeah
Oh not gonna just look we're going to do
I'm sorry I broke Annie's little dreams
but look I'll explain that in a second
so we're waiting here because the line
was super long so we bucks I got $3 more
for three dollars more we got like a
timed one three bowls so we're going to
sit here for a 45 minutes an hour and a
half and in line or wait 45 minutes and
go in yeah
so let's what we're doing but in anyway
you know those little weeds that you
pick and you blow it and you make a wish
holder with that one want to guess it
wasn't no wasn't me blow that they all
go in little tiny ones yeah but you were
with a whole one but someone might have
blown mattli from up there either way
one of those like comes two of them to
come flying down a knee way to go grab
it and I'm like Annie you can't catch
from the wish and then I drop her you
didn't touch it did you no no I don't
know where he is
but we're going to be up there soon but
if I could have made that person wish
come true no you would have broken that
with how do you know what is there like
I wish an a LeBlanc would catch my wish
and I needed maybe muted made their wish
not interested
no comments that would be sad so
beautiful day why no it's not time for
question of the day
oh yeah you could have one wish what
would it be one way you can't wish for
more wishes you guys were asking us in a
meet-up that's going to be
I know my wish it's pretty obvious now
no that's a breeze someone out of it why
why can't I wish for because because I
know you're like I want to know you get
other way good that's always your way of
course I can you wish the impossible
because obviously that's impossible or
do you ever wish for something that's
wish or something you can wish for in a
hostile flesh besides them
I'll have a hard one we're going to
think about that do you know what your
wish would be I'm going to think about
that for the rest of the day because
that's a biblical question I just going
to be musically going on and please and
we're going to go Danny a snack we ate
at different times before 9 she ate
breakfast and then I ate nachos
like an hour later so so we're going to
go to snack
we're gonna sing like I'm in awe watch
lo pan
so going paratis that is great wait what
are you doing why are you yawning no I
was like oh maybe yonder typical I'm the
Heian I had a smoothie for lunch I had
tacos smell then Eugenie was a new TV
roll-up what did you have to do look yet
I can't really I don't know everything
you know I want a straight V you never
okay
comment down below if you know exactly
what to say to those people when they
try to get you to buy stuff or curl your
hair and make you buy something or they
sell something to you because I never go
say I just awkwardly ignore them and
then I felt really rude but then they
don't stop them cell phone can be ended
up a blue label and a found we do have
hospitals along she's put people why are
you to do 9 2011 delivered or site cuz
my pal another horrible I was wrong
again I have to look at level which is
300 and folding to see there's a 1100
and so he told me I want to get the 60s
many years ago Sigma going speed up
loading kilometers with 60 miles an hour
I want to go in the glass floor
I want to go in the class store how do I
do that did we get popcorn
let's go here and look first I don't
know if I took it I asked about this
morning if you wanted to eat here she
said no I think it'll be too busy the
one in Australia and the one in what's
that place I are evolved it rotates
while you eat can you do the glass floor
you think
I said I don't know how its really fit
class that you step on make a few big
kick in the whole figure out of our
tickets includes what the gospel is and
then if they don't all try to figure out
to get an upgrade well I think I want to
do it but like Jimmy
whereas the gospel this is healthy
that is we don't know where we're going
that's odd across floor
right here world's first class for
experience oh there it is
no way no I don't think I can do it
I don't want it like that guys brave to
be out there I don't know if I can do it
for me I don't like it I don't like it
I don't think I like it baby I don't
think I like it do you think I like it
so it's not all that ladies laying down
oh she's great yeah I don't like it
how do I like salt my feet I can't move
I haven't got enough useful I have
gotten stuck
hey Lee why are we following you where
are we going
what have you been asking to do forever
are you gonna go by yourself
oh my god who is that okay we're going
to go this is all you ever dreamed of
backing out very slowly
he didn't yell but we wanted to leader
cyber they did the tallest structure in
the Western Hemisphere and we are number
three in the world for power missing I
remember buildings love is not a
business but in terms of tallest
structure in the world we are number
nine we were number one for date for
years since they began construction in
1873 until 2010 snap chatting and
walking one of her many missing calories
oh my gosh wedding all right
now Emma scare you livin but aren't we
in the north like eastern hemisphere
like so we're in the northern hemisphere
but aren't we on the east side of the
fat divide I got to go back to grade
school
I know we're in the northern hemisphere
but then it divides down okay Google
what hemisphere is skiers
oh yes sirree so what is it reminder
from the northern hemisphere okay but
also beeps of the Prime Meridian
how are your immunity
the tallest towers in 34 years
like what a lazy of people in the
history of the world but at least they
got out we did get up you pay attention
to the plug Annie let them know that you
love them and more than your phone yeah
you know I love them more than ever I am
actually liking this stuff that what
you're doing light really like mine like
relax last picture did you post I mean
how long has this is because like a week
Ruffo especially rich Haley hey hey you
need 2 million you didn't even say
anything okay now I appreciate it just
like you to bed do you like this stuff
sometimes efficient between you yeah you
hit 2 million of off Hogan how many days
since August 2nd oh that's a long time
because it's like the 12 I don't have
anything to post mm used to post you
guys but now you guys post you guys I
just make sure you're allowed to post it
okay well we got back from our touristy
adventures so the beautiful day
now we have big plans tell them our big
plans are Annie sleeping hanging out we
get another day to sleep in don't know
what time we have to be on set on
Tuesday they'll probably tell us
tomorrow night and then you have five
days of filming and then we wrap season
2 will you survive five days in a row
one's a field shoot where we go
I don't know that stay tuned I dunno
yeah give him a hint and he's never done
them that's getting hit never know okay
and some special guests of people that
they will run is no mom she can't stand
it doesn't want me to give away too much
because you already give away too much
I'm good
I'll see you guys later I'm nappy foot
out of here beautiful
I mean far speak oh I go Annie Piper and
this is what we're doing and he's trying
to place ticket she does like a dive
roll I'm trying to fit in too much
momentum you get you can use your net
you do be in time here damn yeah it is
7:24 and we're excited to chill here
we're watching some HGTV Annie and I are
playing the rubbing arms game where we
rub each others arms for a minute and
then we switch we're almost half asleep
so we're going back to the question of
the day that we asked which I still
don't know something about a wish now I
know what those questions a day and I
don't know what yeah I answered I don't
remember you answering this already
what would you wish for I would wish for
everybody to live in perfect harmony
everyone to go into heaven
mmm but wouldn't do that in heaven like
everyone wouldn't go everybody would be
good I think it's good and that's good
it's not hard to go to heaven I don't
think I've ever been I've gone toys cuz
you know this is
you could wish for anything in the world
except for more wishes
Wow what would you wish I would say I
went okay so I have the first day every
day okay all right guys don't we -
finally and if you get one wish what
would be to give me any other wish hi
guys hey my bike ah bunny goodbye just
like me
always remember to celebrate like hey
thanks for watching Chris Haley
