time for my cami good morning everybody
we were out the door at the same time
yesterday 7:45 we did go to bed it a
little bit more decent of the time Oh
door lock thank you so stay tuned pull
the clip to Haley so we are starting the
morning with a shower and a bath I took
a shower and she took a bath so we could
feel refreshed and ready for this new
day considering her she is all clean I
am all clean and we feel accomplished Oh
Lizzie so right now we're planning out
our days today I think we're going to
coming soon as it surprised we're not
going to tell you but tomorrow tomorrow
we might be going somewhere super cool
we're not going to tell you because you
have to stay tuned we're going to wake
up bright and early right we're going to
go to bed early we're gonna go to visit
like 9:30 yes we're going to try to new
try oh we're going to like maybe work
out again so we can wear ourselves out
yeah we didn't really do that last time
yeah we're going to wear ourselves out
today so that we sleep like a workout
clothes piece is almost like dark so
yeah we're going to go maybe run to a
couple places and surprise you guys with
some cool stuff we're going to do we're
doing VI wives today and we've done to
an investor another one and moving
forward so we just had lunch before
lunch we were doing this DIY and reach
to the nth row for it and then we were
bout to do it and right when we like
about to like touch it he was like the
mark was like cut our directors like
okay we're going to lunch you're like we
were so excited so nobody had to wait
but lunch is over I can't wait to go so
hello my dear I see some braids in your
hair so what are we doing in here how
productive are we being so what are we
doing hey what is the surprise that
we're going to tell that we were doing
it's called a work on me from morning
routine nightly routine so we're being
super super super duper organized
because school is about to start again
and we are going to get a morning
routine and a nighttime routine because
Hayley's going to be home school yeah
okay sneak peek guys sneak peek oh
that's easy that's all you see
for now that's our morning ones I'm
sting of a nighttime one so we are
attempting really to go to bed at nine
ten o'clock well we're going to be into
bed by 9:30 and we can sit in our beds
until we fall asleep which hopefully
won't be much so wasn't any worse I woke
up it okay listen to this
like I literally was dragging so I went
to bed at 4:00 I woke up at 6:00 and
went downstairs and checked outside the
groceries had not come so I was mad so
we're back upstairs and then at 7
o'clock I got up and got down again and
went checked with the groceries were
there they were and I was so mad and I
was over and I'm like whatever they're
not coming is I'm going to sleep and
then I woke up at 10:40 and then Haley
woke up it I woke her up at 11:30 and
literally had to drag her out the bed so
we're gonna have to get on the veteran
team so tonight we are determined to go
to bed 10 o'clock and then we'll wake up
at 7:00 and try to like get a better
routine this is insane
jet lag last night we had jet lag on
steroids we did the question of the day
at 3 in the morning
candy booty was kind of funny so you
might want to go check out that video
what y'all look at our lunch every day
they bring lunch end
and then they clean it all that month
you're from frozen probably have you
been on it or 45 minutes 8 for 15 you
you've been on the children I took a nap
so that did you know that when you for
under first DIY I laid right there and
closed my eyes I was out oh my gosh it's
so cute
it's so perfect fun I'm like falling
you're falling falling do you love it
it's so stinkin cute mmm
I really look at it you see oh look at
all the other jeez I love it so we did
we didn't find a heroin so we did a porn
because who doesn't want a unicorn hair
do coin here do okay any home from a
long day of work it's so weird to say
that about your 12 year old come on
can't hold the door any longer let's put
this on oh wait yeah because we're going
to probably not going to order room
service tonight we're going to go down
and get mustaine rush now we're going to
get out of the building for dinner and
then we can come back and watch a movie
we're going to be a little bit more
social today how was work today honey
that's usually what the mommy says to
the daddy it was good it was DIY day
they did for Oh Annie already told you
guys that and whether for for different
episode and I guess decorations are her
own matches suing bitches and then I
said it was too clean
so I make another quiet why is it to
ground to clean they're like to basics
may they get more fancy I did and that's
where the other one came from that I'm
giving to you so I get the one that's
fancy
no you get the other one the basic one
no computer and you get that other one
the messy one
Haley gets to fancy one that I did not
make okay no I did make that one I made
three cool so here we get slowed down
Spencer made some and you made them so
you're giving us all the way image and
get to HSN Kaitlyn poor Paige didn't get
me like Haley
they bought heylia like she doesn't know
how to ride a bike yet so I don't need
you yes you do you're just not well but
you know how to ride a bike I can ride a
bike I just have to practice so unlooked
like or I just have to go Santa Monica
every time she doesn't have a bike
oh go into the store what are we making
what are we making oreo cheesecake is
how it is called and that word we are
going to start to make what cake and
it's delicious and it's so cheesy are
going to show you in like ten minutes it
only takes ten minutes to hours of
French huh wait really
go to bed we're going to eat dinner
we laid here for an hour and then I put
my phone down we're both playing on our
phones and I put my phone down because I
thought Annie was gonna fall asleep I'm
like okay I give up
and the second I put my phone down and
close my eye to goes I'm hungry so you
aren't hungry let's go
you said let's go we're going to go eat
it pot belly I'm gonna get out of the
house hotel whatever the subs are you
just like so excited that my first one
there
look at the boys out you got to scare it
you look like a no you're crazy you look
like a mini-mom a mini-mom hi mom ok
where we got mom go fine what are we
getting
yeah yang aurilla what is it they're a
mini mom look at you
weirdo just hit though all right we need
one of those
laughs one of those make sure to the
lake if it leaking there a hole in it is
there a hole it might be a hole in that
one I didn't try to find another one oh
now I'm good yeah
we could sit on top movie actor guilty
you did Decker - now they're gonna know
we're who are gone - like she stills
about it well top it that's so gross
that's so dirty you are going to get
germs you're gonna eat germs it's gross
sprinkles
we need circles on top of the Orient
yeah not because we could do chocolate
sprinkles and make it taste better
I'd open yet hidden for the elevators
and they won't hurry up you doing
well if there's somebody on there you
got an elevator by step tell the great
I'm this side making the horn just like
a creepy elevator do all of them have
this are justice existed you couldn't go
can help
and if you like that I thought was
because you pushed it but then I realize
it was this really green folk
presumption trouble
hoping avoid punishment
go girl go oh yeah
difficult stuff follow the instructions
on do that cream cheese on right there
okay your car country we're not mom and
thanks all right so we got our stuff oh
my gosh you look so just going to rain
check both ways before crossing
Oh Haley go so we just finished I took
the other half of my sandwich and
reduced because we're going to watch
trolls my favorite movie right now that
and get this so to move into I suggest
you watch the best looks at lunch a
beneficiary today let's get a movie
guess we're already doing it and going
6:30 at night well too bad
get control
I went to gifted don't know Vespa Top
Gun
you know with that I'd another
withdrawal watch out for the car
guess what the floor is lava you better
hurry
five-second five four three two one
alright what happened was we were
walking back from hotel and Annie
realized after we were done filming that
she left her phone at the restaurant so
hopefully it's silvaner will got walking
briskly I like that word briskly back to
potbellies I think an ad I bet you've no
one even notices phones there I think
it's on the bench hopefully the bench
you were sitting on you probably left it
sitting there alright hopefully you guys
we can find the phone yes is there and
with the phone albeit sounds like fun
can you grab it and ran he literally
said I'm gonna play wrong likewise our
phone there came in all like all right
now we're going to walk all the way back
to the hotel changes happen how am i
hard of pounding or God is just like
preventing something fascinating like
holding us back maybe something would
have happened in the room I don't know
something okay now you're freaking me
out
no the napkin okay but so first the
phone she left her bow I think is
something like in the few in the street
on the street way so okay so first I
forgot my cell me blog that he came back
and I pushed our floor number yeah she
pushed this floor number but obviously
she did so we came out and we went to
our room like we're going to our rooms
right to the right to the room and put
keen and didn't work
I'm like oh like why yeah I was like
we're going to go down I kept trying
you're trying to have trans like other
keys and just trying and then finally I
went to like try to open the door and it
didn't work and then the door swing open
and this guy and my mind a family like
 what
I hear it he's like what are you doing
he in you know a bit of our room and
then like through my head I'm thinking
all of our stuff in there that's a
strange guy in our room and you know
it's not and then yeah and then I looked
at the runner and I but I had looked at
the room number five times I'm sorry
y'all I went to the right with floor
poor guys most embarrassing thing ever
we went to one floor under I backed away
first of all I was staring in my mind
someone within our room I was like this
I'm like and I was like I'm so sorry
daddy for a second I was like what I've
had a great I mean I knew I was like
panicked my heart started pounding like
someone some strange guys in our room
and I was like this is and I all I
thought I could say is this is our room
was like he had some accent so I'm not
trying to sound rude but he's like no
it's not I don't know how it wasn't
British keeps coming out British I don't
know what it was but he was not happy I
feel bad for him because he has every
right to be
here's two people standing outside his
room thing but that's happened before
that's why I was like so certain it was
my room our room because I had a friend
who told me the story that they were in
the shower and someone came into their
room like the office gave them like
activated the wrong room or something
wrong like and someone thought like Kade
their key worked so like I'm with panic
I'm like sigh I think they gave that guy
our room but then he would have realized
why as he walked in but our stuff was it
was just embarrassing
he requested a good moving mind trolls
and gifted
what else I'd Mull came here like we
could hear you and I'm not tired again
need to get up early never to come along
to another person Beijing movie always
remember to celebrate life hey babe
thanks for watching Chris Haley
