time for what cami who is in this room
I got breakfast I got some more records
oh that really did hit you got some
breakfast hello girl so we have no
breakfast food in the house because we
just arrived last night really late so I
found okay is that good enough for you
it's like cereal that's compacted into a
rectangle so subscribe to our channel
it's a day full of randomness we keep it
and Haley this is it
and though the randomness yes it does
breakfast time and she slept until notes
that's not the right time that is the
right time in LA yes it is mine very
tender so it's 11:30 right now here but
in LA
it's 8:30 so she's really waking up at
8:30 but last night she would bed like
3:00 in the morning
look I feel like why did you save so
late oh I had a chart I had trouble
going to sleep - I was tossing and
turning if you go to the store get me a
bed good at Target he hit some stuff for
bed
and never going to build my desk in bed
and then we're going to make a video and
then we're going to get your bike and
then oh you want to get your nails on
yes and then wait when working i buy the
one by your house I don't know she's
your eyes I see yeah what if you fall we
should get some bail AIDS just a little
bit just some band-aids for the fall
that might happen tonight
just be prepared okay my friends here we
are on set again
and he's going to eat some breakfast
before she goes in the hair and makeup
whose Naughton the best best move
because I think the time changes caught
up with her but we'll just watch her do
streaks on her phone because that's
highly entertaining
what's our street number hundred and
something yes and I have a hundred plus
a streak because I'm that cool I will
tell you exactly how many you use me 100
and five to be exact
look at us full of surprises getting on
oh oh what color did you choose white
good good still summertime huh so we can
still do white bright colors or for the
summer right yep nope okay girl you
excited
it lasted a long time last time so we're
going to do it again these will last
another week
yeah okay okay
here pain
you can't feel during this bath see it
let me see your feel so good are you
gonna do the whole hand thing look and I
already got my nun
so we match behind are not just you're
going on your elbow
how's Peter not like mom oh hi sorry I
guess no choice
agreement it's nice to watch someone do
on your end is going humans on your hair
wait I'm doing it I learned it because I
was looking up to loser oh no dude on
there yeah you did it in don't speak I
can't do that
I bought a wedding whistle oh just very
doing whether we have how do you do that
with hook or just turn your tongue a lot
of people can only turn it one way but
not both ways that's like so maybe and
now go the other yeah you got it one
with I can't no you didn't turn you just
kind of hey okay so we just got
smoothies and now we're at Taco Bell
I'm going to go late night or late night
last-minute decision to get chicks ever
induce mini chick-fil-a and Taco Bell
against their head I know it's going
down though it's getting better so yeah
she's obsessed with her nails in you so
all right so we're in line number three
two ticks away and this is our third
line
we're going to get lunch
three different places
yummy yummy yummy to my tongue the hot
cheetos Taco Bell lunch is over
fine no we're still drinking sup
where do you want to go next
or anywhere there anywhere in the mall
you want to go we have to go look ahead
girls we have a surprise for you the
trailers ready oh yeah okay I want to
watch yeah come on let's go after do you
wanna watch so I guess I can announce
the name right so we are savvy and it
the trailers going to be out on Annie's
channel she by the time of videos up so
check it out oh she forgot her channel
and yeah Billy will put a link somewhere
hey guys I'm on set of a show I've been
working on oh my god I think I like low
graphics yeah no you guys have to go to
work
ha see it hold you watch on your channel
the idea dress
all right homegirl would you get green
let me see
wait why did you get a ring why did I
say you could get something what they
say because I didn't want to feel smell
you can see sure yeah Oh instead of you
you wanted to take a picture on the Fed
over and I said oh haha some photos and
she significance because I didn't look
good today so I didn't want to take a
picture and have it forever rock home
cuz I want it to be a little better
which my hair no I already got you
something remember dollars a roll as I
give you something like you know I I
 that you're insane
we only with you and I use my back do
you smell what you got do you smell that
I'm all bikes like you're coming closer
okay they're closer I throw a ball - oh
oh it's a cute friend sighs I think
you're a little too big no you smell
that
I smell a purple line mmm oh I smell a
pink and blue and right they have to
come with training wheels or do you buy
them separately how does that work
without training wheels
we're not going to want to try it and
target huh she did it for you you want
to try it and try it all do beautiful
sweet lessons start right now and go
your all do put the kickstand up put the
kick planet I'll just hold it imma let
you go click cram I don't think we need
I got you
push it backwards backwards
I started guy we don't hit me hold on
hold on I'm holding you right now in
camera can you hold the camera no I
can't hold think this is it
what else would you find don't fall and
break your head please did you find is
there um oh it looks like I might be
training myself okay
hope you FL drone like you wanted to
come get your bike while we were still
in the middle of shopping so that means
huh nope so I'll take it so you have to
be responsible not me need two hands
ain't looking for rugs we see what we've
got
see what kind of roads
huh that fog has hair what no oh it's
our broad with a person on it look so
cool oh my gosh she is only $12 she is
on sale guys I should get her this is a
best frock ever oh oh my gosh hailey
hailey what are you doing
doing some DIY there actually they
actually come pretty cool coming - all
right so we're going to go get in the
car and is there a plan for the night
what do you want to do in please oh and
then Annie couldn't get to sleep last
night
helps do that lets down half our orders
in the market yeah order them dinner
we'll watch a movie I don't think there
might be an order button pay-per-view or
whatever and hopefully Annie can get
sleep tonight I don't know if we've
logged about that somebody couldn't fall
asleep last night because you were on
West Coast time hopefully tonight will
be better and you'll just crash like
after dinner let's eat dinner first
hello we just got out of tache and I
have my bike right there and we're going
to not a magic store yay is it right by
it I hope because I wanna I wanna sweep
oh there's beds but look at my shoe I
put these on the new one and everything
home sweet home
jet-lagged officially officially jetlag
both of us it does feel good it is five
o'clock in the evening you guys
we wrapped almost on time which is
always a bonus the plan is to watch a
movie tonight order some food like we
did last night and fall asleep at a
decent hour good so I got this is the
best drink ever happy I guess
you love it and you love it green pea
but it's special green bean what is I
don't know I just love it it's the best
thing ever
why don't you give me one and so I'm
hearing you're sharing it
I'm trying cheddar broccoli soup for the
first time and I'm scared
are you soon because I don't like red or
anything I don't like Ken yeah we're
better off um I know but I don't know it
so I throw it out
trying to picture us after the 18 feet
too bad you don't have hands
my hands a vacuum she wants me to come
push the button for her this is what we
do before so they could go out anywhere
I can't this button the further I get it
I'm are foreseeable I'm junkies Mac
you're going to drop it on your face oh
you're gonna accidentally like something
or okay Riley send a snapchat will be on
my foot oh my god X ace though I'm gonna
fall on my head your face what I did was
bracing for EM bag of my breaking
forever Haley did when she tries to
catch a ball she is this is not one of
her yeah you can take the shoes you've
done making fun of me now give me that
rag I go use it to clean the bathroom
toilets especially Norbit it's not gonna
rest
my annoying yet not too unique I love
you yes I was violent
alright let's go ride a bike you ready
kick it up alright hold on I'm not on
I'm not holding you so either you're in
try it by yourself and fall if you start
leaning put your foot out okay okay
Oh
Oh
well go fast go fast okay you're falling
put your put your foot down you're
falling but you're you're not you're
doing it good was it easy do you have to
be balanced okay try it again right here
go for it
fellas good see if you can do it in the
grass and you can do it in cement
because this is way continue he is from
Louisiana ready
you got this go fast go fast wait you're
turning wherever this wherever this is
turning that's where you're going to go
so you were turning that way you're
hitting the trees okay try to get your
sister to see what watch your handle you
should turn TV said straight good job
you should have started turning out just
a little bit keep your head straight
well while yours are doing all of
yourself okay so yes dad
you just did it can you try to go a
little further next time okay okay come
on push hard push hard push hard
hey it's hard up to Oh cake start go and
start going they're going pay attention
pay attention keep your arms straight
turn if you need to if you fall there we
go see are you not scared of falling
anymore it's not that bad it hurt
okay that's what happened you know what
I scraped up my knee the first time I
ever did it my whole knee was bleeding
you're not bleeding yet so you're good
no blood no harm no foul absolutely harm
but you try going down to the water
Hunstanton make sure your handles are
going straight make sure they're going
straight turn a little bit to the right
keep going keep going
not too much to the right you got to
look where you're going so we've ordered
pizza and we're about to watch stranger
things on Netflix we haven't seen it yet
I don't know if it's appropriate for
Hannah yet so you know watch it I
haven't watched it so I'm going to give
it a go and if I start seeing things
that rated it's like um they
say it's like
one of the pg-13 so we'll see but I
heard it's really good so I've kind of
been wanting to watch it so we're going
to watch that and again eater pizza and
now we're going to go to sleep kind of
some type of now oh great really
noannie you have to sleep so here's the
scoop on the week we've got you got
three days of work two more days two
more days of filming and then we have a
couple days off and then we film the
rest
so we're wrapping yeah we're wrapping
season two like we're halfway done but I
guess the second was taking a little
longer so that stops the update we'll
come back a little later if we don't
fall asleep the bike ride is over and
she's done she did 45 minutes trying to
practice and now she's not happy because
she didn't get to do it fully but it
takes more than one day reality didn't
take one day for me to learn heavy
makeup it took years
luckily riding a bike is only weeks
since of years thank goodness
right hmm Oh what happens when I take
off your pillows okay guys no what's
that right engine oh did anybody notice
this that we got our new airplane
because we go on airplanes a lot hungry
okay what do you want oh okay let's go
up here the guys all right so she
finishes off her bike ride with a
Nutella sandwich that's a non Donlon and
the hot dog went because we all have
food yet we're going to get some
tomorrow
we don't look down pantry oh I mean it
does have food yeah but like not good
there's mac and cheese that's the only
good food really okay well I'm up on
load that mess because Paige is getting
a room right Oh Bob Paige is getting her
room ready she's got a fix-all girl
Caleb Caleb 300-mile Esau is I have
nothing to do with an easier doing it in
the grass do you feel safer make more
safe let's say for a word be softer but
that's probably the best way to learn is
out there and then do it on the cement
so if you fall it's all good but I feel
like you did better in the grass I
because the thing was kind of fast
Justine is what do you call it Sinan and
she was tissues teeny shoes panting
chance oh not all life and we just
watched two episodes what do you think
were you asleep were you scared
you were a little bit no I wanna grab my
hand
I've got your hand cuz it was oh my mom
alright question of the day was the
scariest thing you've ever watched on
during - nany you can um it the old
version okay that's all I got for the
day it's not late but hopefully we can
now go to sleep like mommy's going to
haha I won't sleep and he said her eyes
itchy and red I see it better not do you
think I it's so red no you aren't joking
no no I was joking yeah it's really
right don't tell me there
how about it it make sure if you itch it
you wash your hands and don't really
know but okay so that's water tank in
okay um we're gonna pretend it's not
we're going to ignore it can I have it
you get something in it I don't see
would is red pink all right guys
comment down below it your the scariest
thing you've ever watched is we'll see
you tomorrow with an update on the I
hopefully we just forget she wakes up
and it's nothing so that's what we can
have a home where is Annie got dinner
and dessert I'm bored as well go to
sleep once two men no go to sleep if I
could fight the urge I guess I should go
no wait
yeah well is it all for goodbye and I'm
playing in my eyebrows how we really
good that sounds like I see it's like a
bye Amy bye Annie
oh I doubt me well do they lose weight
they look skinnier
okay I know Annie and Katie aren't here
yet
you're gonna go see your wall house so
we forgot to do a question of the day
earlier and we're still awake
so we're going to do my shoes like this
all right so what's the question of the
day
Gary unit no scary is moving sir scary
single movie Contagion was mine yours I
don't really watch a lot of scary movies
joy joy actually started in a true story
scared okay that haunted say yeah
nothing I never wanted to go rear again
oh my gosh shut up boys okay Monsters
Inc was kind of scared oh yeah when
they're in the closet yeah so yeah
alright guys don't forget to come and
have a look as women the Christian day
is at three in the morning
what's your favorite scary what scares
have you ever seen always remember to
celebrate life Hey
alright bye babe thanks for watching
Chris Haley
