today I'm Batali but we'll see after we
chill I was gonna say good morning
it's whatever day it is and I just
realized I don't know what today is
someone help me out Saturday today is
Saturday happy Saturday everybody we are
packed up in the hotel we stayed here
two nights and we are headed back home
this morning literally have to be out of
this hotel room in ten minutes so we got
a late check-out and Haley still in her
pajamas I picked you out some clothes
and I just realized you didn't put them
on so Haley's gonna rock the PJs back to
the house it's about an hour we're gonna
go home and we're gonna have a day off
we've got lots of days off before we
head back to LA and start filming for
that little cute show called chicken
girls but for now we're gonna do a lot
of this so I'm what we're gonna do yep a
lot of that so it's gonna be good it's
gonna be well needed much needed much
needed and well deserved what I'm trying
to say so we're gonna see our puppies
and we're gonna play with our puppies
and we can jump on the trampoline and
play outside and probably keep our noses
in the phone still a little bit because
if I try to take Andy's phone away from
her
she let it go all right that's your
morning update stay tuned our day's just
getting started I don't know what we're
gonna do today but it's good they're
watching Strawberry Shortcake and I had
them posit because we wanted to show
Winnie's little face what do you think
you're doing now it's completely up to
you guys but do you guys want to just
stay here and have a chill day or do you
want to go to the movies or in 40
degrees weather chill day not coming
today
not today maybe if it's warmer we do
coming over tomorrow Sunday who's coming
tomorrow I can't read her lips you know
who the special guest is tomorrow no
aunt Melissa I saw her mouth aunt
Melissa are they coming they were trying
to make plans I don't know if they ever
made plans it's too cold to putt-putt
yeah play with your dogs so as of now
we're gonna have a chill day but we'll
see after we chill don't pet the dog
when he's like um so it's good to be
home we're here for a few days it's
gonna be nice women and they're gonna do
some school it's gonna be good we're
gonna catch up why put off tomorrow what
you can what can be done today
all right we're gonna snuggle and we're
gonna watch strawberry shortcake
what's up everyone we are just chilling
at the house doing absolutely nothing
watching TV
we've Haley just like laying on the
ground Gigi laying on the ground
Piper's on the couch and when he's on
the ground see ya that's it we'll film
later peace say it's coming over - this
is dinner tonight
we love pizza actually we haven't had
pizza in a while are the do tell the
girls
where's what what are you looking for I
know I need to stop ordering this pizza
they love the ones that I get with the
vegetables on it is it got spinach look
we have stuffed crust a lot when we're
in LA and I'm just about tired of it
okay okay Syd's here I don't know if
they filmed about Syd being here she's
come over for a visit
hey Syd speaking of Syd Sydney dinner is
served
I've slaved and slaved actually I did
nothing daddy ordered it but thanks
what's that I didn't I just said I did
not order it I didn't do anything so let
there be dinner on this wonderful
Saturday night should I just start
ordering two of these yes it's delicious
but I didn't know what Syd wanted I feel
like I couldn't go wrong with pepperoni
you can pick the pepperoni though you
don't like it
perfect Syd so easygoing what do y'all
do end up there city my invite singing
and truth or dare I thought reason it's
not what you said or you're saying no
I'm not invited drillers drillers oh I
thought you thought truth or dare
singing in trailers and got it I've
never seen it before in Sedona
it said did it pretty good looks good
okay
nice oh we're going best we're doing
right now and these doggies wish they
could have them it's spinach and feta
and tomatoes and no olives and I added
chicken
it comes with tomatoes and I don't mind
them but I kept the olives taken off
yeah you can turn it back on
she's watching Toy Story hola what's up
um I mean sit are in my room I want a
drink
like on Thursday was like I don't all
the way downstairs so yeah that's it um
it's time for question of the day which
is what's your favorite snack
mine is Doritos um yeah a big black
eater he needs to be like five meals a
day like five like tiny room use a day
um probably popcorn oh that's a good one
that's a good one
popcorn too huh I like snacks I'm a big
snack eater yeah I was like we're about
to watch a movie and I was like I'm
gonna get snacks I bring up like a
Hannibal she couldn't get the door well
it's fighting with a rabbit the rabbit
what did it come up the stairs men kept
tripping me and I just got mad open the
door says hey don't forget to calm down
below soon another question is what is
your favorite snack next clip is Hangul
you said goodnight from us you'll see
Haley is like and today inspire
comment question of the day and the
personal day those what does our famous
tonight my favorites like is okay like
it um GG I'm kidding to celebrate
thanks for watching
Britt Haley
