time for my cami good morning stretches
from hailey oh we're starting our day
much like we started our day yesterday
Annie's got so many more scenes today
yesterday she had one scene and a dance
honey
I am indeed announcer ago in spiral
where you're having I'll explain so
we're here only two filters this is a
sick space shoot but we're Annie's only
available for three because we have to
go to Toronto so they're filming all of
Annie scenes in these three days so
she's got to load them up the gun
today they found all day and tomorrow
from all day we filmed all day yesterday
so we are cramming some stuff into
different finish she's 13 pages and
we're on our way right now we're filming
at a school today yesterday we were at
an arcade
that's the okay we're going to go get
some Maki backs our favorite snacks
okay concepts
I had them but it's always good to have
your own to possibly learn
here we go we're going down the pc8 I'm
learning my California lingo you're kind
of sexy what I mean
- thanks - I didn't eat anything OSHA
Poli they went and got me - Poli
so Nicole teaching me how to speak
Californian our guest Los Angeles ins
and this is they don't call this the
Pacific Coast Highway they go on the B
CH I'm waiting for these building stuff
parts we can leave it as water over
there
there's water over there and really
pretty
sanim funny thing is exactly located
yesterday with the sunset we go look at
the sunset oh that's a wall it's way
prettier than that okay we're going to
are going to get our day started so come
along and see some behind the scenes of
Annie at school we don't see Annie in a
school building very often if you don't
make her one well it's not a good high
school I was only a little Kennedy my
character well you are going to be in
the school before you serve your sir
here you get into character immediately
by does the camera turn now do you think
your character up like you or not yeah
Taylor like no no my character you know
the script Palin liked the story a
little bit of the star George was on Jim
huh okay
it's Hayden's character like him no I
mean no the other characters just like
though looks know Brooks character using
the exact opposite of rook
do you think Annie's character like
painter or Hastings it pink on pink on
pink to paint that I think our cars are
just like pink mmm Oh me and hey hair
just hanging out here and getting
wardrobe and she's going to get makeup
done and hair and then she start sigh
Annie I'll miss you now it's kidding I'm
coming with you and who loves ya Annie
it's actually not that smile oh you're
cute you're in costume
are you ready boomerang one two three
okay
hey Brooke if you like I'm missing a
sleeve if you look at an air this
morning is nicely modulus
I don't really actually gonna get you
know half of your hair like silk wrap
from the braids joining us me really
Jamie I think that in the third grade I
voluntarily wanted to act imitating your
wish you want to because that was
obsessed but no it's not that I actually
like the shoes are you supporting I like
ice or like patterns colors and sleep
patterns and leggings very bright under
like my purpose yes j√∂rgen so it just
works character - exactly
I was really once it isn't you bet it's
kind of fun I found outside of like
who's playing to observe I know this is
awful and I like hey how do you feel
about akkada nanny duplicating this way
about doing it maybe came to like it
let's do your form when Al Kut me to go
rush rush rush rush that was amazing all
three of you did amazing oh my goodness
I mean you guys I'm really impressed
with that walking okay they rehearsed
and they're about to start rolling I
think Haley's smacking daddy went to go
get me a full hey and I'm super excited
so this is episode 1 just so you guys
know this will be what you see the first
time yeah Thank You labrat logos been
changed the pink in solidarity
Clementine would you keep everybody
guessing that is a tremendous crowd know
they'll do a different camera notice cuz
I'll move it Rick keep smiling I am yeah
yeah yeah nothing we can do for fall
it's Paul displaces is that capacity is
that capacity look like hey would you
get go Doug
oh you ready no I meant in your hands no
in your hand you got Joe McDonald hand
and sorry to say you're late
one day you're looking at me like
holding it like it's a little baby there
case can I try a little bit we're best
friends let me know he's a good singer
no I think you could result sorry I know
Leo and I said I can't you guys I know
but I'm so surprised at what like people
under 16 know this or not beli I don't
fall on this one okay yeah we should let
me go to the colors are almost purple
thing again that's in one video
okay oh don't get some more okay so how
does that I should I should probably eat
the whole thing of Haydn's done so well
he's done well if you follow this is it
harder is it easy alright we'll go do or
I'll fall for you guys you can fall
backwards
well my dad's look how they make it
viral spent their time long time Annie's
in hair and makeup for episode 2 that
what you're shooting No
episode 1 loading the end of it I'm so
confusing a middle sorry for the editor
I can't keep up we don't do it yeah yeah
well yeah it's what we're doing all the
classrooms beans and cook that yeah so
then you can leave that well then you
have to do other setup right that's what
slow is setting up all that stuff okay
yeah look what Hayden brought me oh he
really didn't bring that more me but you
did or didn't get any harder I can see
you the camera can see you soon are you
guys wrapped on that same yeah we got of
English
good did you get an A in English yeah I
don't know actually I was not paying
attention to the teacher also processing
today there was no teacher though just a
voice all right I'm moving on oh wow
this is really bad
No I'm going to go we just ate lunch and
now I'm not sure where we're going and
just a cigarette so I guess we're going
there no way guys logging don't talk
about Brian so don't talk bad about
uncle brush we are vlogging here you see
helpful well we saw how cool you want
our children now we're going where we
going Annie we're going to Jimmy's
birthday today Geo Brooke for being a
helpful narrator you guys where it is
Jimmy's birthday we he's 22
yeah so we are going to go celebrate
yes and we're going to have to Mexican
food because that's what to do on
birthdays and you surf like Haley and
you eat Mexican food
oh oh so yeah
come along gee I'm sorry Morgan yeah I
want some queso
ah Thursday so she has a benefit so do
you look good mom Janak ready right here
but mom is almost almost gonna get one
day it's Jimmy's birthday everybody
happy birthday welcome
Paragon kinda like and when you discuss
and then we must have an apple
why did my last I'm gonna no laughs okay
separately Jimmy thank you
Danny didn't film it sorry if you
haven't yeah yeah she was supposed to
film it
why didn't I know you got advantage one
and you got into remix happy birthday
I appreciate what do you say I want some
straight laughing I got a birthday Jimmy
oh now it's like all fogged up what do
you say happy birthday Bubba say it good
so I'd like an explanation of what's
going on down here
oh sorry my end up just came and she
joined you where she doing that's weird
fresh pen so dinner is done it is way
too late to be out right now especially
with our early call time we're going to
get them home to go to bed action where
the phone now that's the only
reservation you have I was like I'm
about to go where's your phone
security security no I think that was
probably the coolest security guard you
just gonna stand there zone else we
don't he's like okay now full and then
after they went into what fountain he
was like you guys but then he's like
okay that was a little thank you already
market and on ball don't fall don't fall
all right guys it is finally finally
trying to show Cheney being perfect to
my Katie okay please would copy the
hearthstone the portals are perfect a
little bit chair that's gonna be really
Deb you didn't love it so perfect is it
what you pictured what
the real elegance Oh Jimmy's calling me
huh merely Jimmy's calling he's probably
not before I locked out go see the kids
bathroom look at the kids bathroom look
at them alright girls Allah Allah you
love these look at the carpet in those
little rug hey you got to them yeah yeah
look at the room ignore Hayden's no
shirt you got thrown in the water oh I
love that it was so good yeah yeah
saying it you want to get into bed look
at the bathroom you like this never look
at that thing that's my favorite Oh
Hailey's up here oh this is Brooke in
Hailey's room
Haley be careful this is the couch goes
out there this is their secret hideout
really be careful Brooke I don't trust
your low clumsiness oh okay Hey look
rules the rule what's the rule don't
cook you said I'm like oh my god for
this room I am told you need to be there
yes we have the process and I don't know
but we have to call an uber question of
the day anybody got one Inez either do
with the house or the cookies what do
you think what do you think okay or the
house like the apartment one day I
decide something like that vapors her
yes
do you prefer baking cookie from scratch
or from like a tube okay I would say a
tube because I'm not much of a baker
I'm guessing Brooke cookie I can do
either okay I'm feeling lazy other than
to gas and domestic what would you
prefer she's lucky I just eat them it's
okay
Haley I knew you would say that okay my
friend she has with daddy probably so
probably hopefully we are all going to
eat a cookie or two and we are going to
go to bed and we have such an early call
time literally have to be there in eight
hours and 15 minutes so good night see
you tomorrow
always remember to celebrate life
based on babe thanks for watching
freak Haley
