time for my carry so this is Michael and
there's Nicole back there and Brook and
little rush on you breath
I'm not Brook you're Brook and I'm Jimmy
yes we're saying that because we
borrowed their car they let it they were
nice enough to let us borrow the car
we're kind of earlier call time good
Fanny huh yes Michael better you oh yeah
Brooke should be in the car well I'm
just pretending to be them like come on
chill out so we are on our way to the
set Danny going over any scripts back
there nope we've got one scene right now
I think for the entire day so it's
pretty pretty easy I think
is it it's funny because it's one little
theme with all these people that are
going to be in it probably well because
they're filming the whole episode and II
just have one scene
but anyway we're on our way nobody's
driving none you're not invited
we just left the Malibu and Alex know
what road wrong
oh the 101 I've learned the other day
the 101 and the 405 I probably just made
that up but I've always thought of them
a pellicle man without we're done
no you don't I don't know about y'all
roads but I don't know about y'all told
see you guys a bit and you guys will get
to know some heat that are going to be
in this little project with Manny Manny
and a cool car card I would okay all
right location one is an arcade go say
hi to some people
I don't think we're going to get
anything done they're hated say hello
we're not if they're going to play video
games all times I know we're worse
he is the video games you not necess
for Korea
yeah maybe
I was telling you're not going to get
anything that puts kids in the arcade
we're gonna be a little distracted love
it I love it
anyway one
no one
ah
sorry
you make one Annie oh go ahead
whose every kid dreams the place to film
in an arcade so they're rehearsing her
lines Brooke and Dylan right here
they're about to film a scene and he's
now moved in the hair and makeup
hey why am I getting this tense do you
want these
mystics another life I don't fit nice
get aside I'm going along here Annie
turn when we getting done I feel like
it's a braid Cara and thank you yeah
always a good kicked your shoe and I
have that for like a man
you like advance are you going to
perform it in this episode right I think
so so that's probably why you were
learning at home is it long it is the
whole song yes take the season or Haley
made Instagram story at Bratton all of
them alrighty guys we are back in our
apartment and we are so excited because
I'll Hayley's back in her little cocoon
she's got her little area did you miss
it hey you miss it a line and we are
we're going to shopping for this empty
apartment that we need to fill the other
day Billy went and got a TV and cable
and why we need a lifeline oh my gosh oh
my gosh tire insta so we're going to get
some sugar and flour containers for the
back flips for this area so what color
you thinking like are we doing silvers
and grays and black with silver so we
have to have silver and gray white or
light real all black silver black and
silver and white
like yes so we can't do a lot of goals
which is so bad
I think Hayden sweating it's hot in here
guys
how many people are on their phones
right now raise their hand nope I'm
working right right right
okay perfect I see it I see the script I
know well I know it is hot here we're
good yeah I drink all the water all of
it I could be less clear outside every
time I go out and I come back in here I
feel like how hot it really is positive
you closet let's go somewhere hold what
hmm
all right so we made it to target it
took an hour's harshing because it was
horrible parking so now we're headed to
lunch really quick and never want to go
to Target because we're starving and
going to eat first
and then we're going to chop did you
can't chop on an empty stomach right
because then you want to buy everything
okay yes for the record page has gone a
little bit overboard it's not me it's
Paige
Spillman just filling the card out how
Mike pays don't get so much stuff and
she's like oh no I'm gonna cry page by
page okay
so for the record this is the second
cart full of stuff
the first card is already at the
apartment white and gray towel we have
our everything Oh rather the business
but I didn't get the cost customers off
so it should hold in place and it was
just a solid and I can't have a house
understood that I would have anxiety
about something she heading crazy about
what she was buying everything we filled
up two solid cards man
oh yeah there's still stuff we need
about time we get everything we're going
to be basically so maybe we will find
somebody in LA you want some free stuff
that perfect your wife
pictures she said want to be a winner
when they're like orange we're not gonna
see any to the next corner shoes are a
little snug but she'd have an off the
whole time yeah I cut them off you know
your lines way to be prepared
all right I can you film a fire alarm
yeah the characters are coming together
really well
Brookes killing it
is spinning always missing little brown
spots that's supposed to be like that
holy oh my gosh oh my gosh hey that's a
cute hairstyle I love it
all right guys so right now is our
season we are going to this place called
living spaces we had to drive super far
to come here but it's so worth it
because we're trying to get furniture
AAS a to the P alright and thank you for
this food ASAP so key hey stop no no no
it is 1s2 classless ASAP so here we go
guys oh my gosh why make such babies
they're good Billy that looks like so
comfortable
No where do we go we need a sectional
let's try to find a second there's
another section all over here you're
fine
get up and go Google sees you know in
sexuality in South America bud probably
good for us
it looks like a twin-size bed here we go
we found our favorite one so far
we'll get there basically
it's beautiful okay hey guys she's after
the apartment looks like it's gonna fit
we got to our apartment
I like motorhome enroll your apartment
and this is how it looks very nice
all right we are done we picked up
everything except one thing they don't
have and we're going to hopefully
ordered it the desk those clear glass
desk that's five starting you're going
to eat lunch at 5:39 is anything that
yeah that's okay we get this is like our
dinner lunch our lunch dinner what do
you call that a Leonard Leonard lunch
the sergeant's level yeah
no reason what's the name of it lunch
and dinner huh done no ball enter Oh
winner winner winner winner chicken
dinner right a dinner dress lunch
I need an update what's going on
well we're dancing and I just tell my
jackets together so yeah okay yeah what
stuff like this who's nervous
I'm not they just learn the dances yes
it is she rolled her ankle I will join
you guys don't worry we want this in one
cake so we can all go home no pressure
ladies you guys are going to find out
why they have jackets and Anna Reza
we are good guys so we went shopping we
wouldn't a done Adela we went to the
furniture store and picked all the
furniture we didn't bring it back
because we have to get it tomorrow then
we went back to the apartment and we
unloaded all of our target stuff and put
it where it goes into place everything
is the place and the apartment looks so
good and we want to show you guys we're
going to surprise Katie Ann won't you
just see her face when she sees all the
stuff Oh
oh boy you just saw the la fÃªte that
guy oh we are building tomorrow Rose
bucks for oh you guys look great let me
go yep
get it so right now my hair and we're
done
and I'm cold and yes so now we're
heading back
in the log read the grid remember that
way so yeah we are army member Day
dinner 10 so happy that Susan man I know
we didn't eat much Tom sup I'm as always
at boiling it was so hot Haley you made
the right choice going you would have
been miserable because you couldn't play
the games while we were filming and it
was so hot we went outside to cool off
yep we did and there was people who came
to just sit on set and wash right out of
it like a violin right here I did not
the babies at a neon sir yeah it was hot
it was so hot we could we couldn't have
the fans on while filming so in between
takes like they turn the fans on we'd
run in front of them look what happened
to me what happened you got scratched by
what not my on a Velociraptor look at
face
what what happened I fell peanut butters
we knew we were doing pineapple do can i
nee cantaloupe butter vegetable
why is he is a Velociraptor I don't know
he just randomly says word pineapple
Andy's upstairs to their feet hurt so
bad so daddy made our plate and took it
to her blue eyes brown brown eyes green
eyes purple eyes mmm this magical yeah
we're kind of bird cage yeah there's no
burden
alright we're filming a high page no it
is not mine
oh hi Bridget I got your laugh so we're
all having girl time I told you Doug
from the rock your boy was like hey baby
I didn't get quick it's like this is not
Jimmy's mom she's like never
Sumari guys so on the question of the
day pages and controllers you should I
prison control whole day what was her
question gonna be the question of love I
know
okay - what are they is would you rather
a couch that turns into a bed like a
sleeper sofa or just a really comfy
couch with our bed in it one I think the
but I would say a tiny couch without the
benefit most your company should I was
nanos it was like you know how the
family people the daily mom oh yeah
their child is really like that or if it
was like just asleep sleepers that's the
couch I wanted to get for the apartment
so what's wrong would you do would you
change I want that okay my Bailey
brother coming up any but if you have a
glass was embedded you can open it up
refer my spare change feel disrespected
is true she just said oh no I'm but I'm
not sure such as an example does an
example okay so what am i hold on know
why cuz I can see my leg up
she made me to take it off huh you need
take it off if you like chicken and rice
I had a makeover you're so no I didn't
get done so use it and we not harm areas
but really did those are gentle not true
be nice oh my gosh I really just our job
are today and all you're doing and
bailing me what a little bit what'd you
do today any all day I'm Brooke work I'm
filming it in the hottest building
walking around finding shopping yeah I'm
shopping
I'm are you are nice to me Billy was
nice come on a few perfect all day we
did not have one fight what one what we
didn't marry couple dreams right here
yes it's not Mary doing my lousy weird
is it really how is I cannot do yeah you
know what I'm saying yeah no she's
horrible like they are not aware because
they are getting a long way are you like
okay make sure like oh we're getting
wrong
but for lunch is the same right you
never let AJ I mean Brooke answer or I
would say to comfortable sofa me too
Brooke what would you say I think well
how big is my house
like today I'm putting this okay it's
plenty big enough okay seven how much
one dreams like doing a welcome
yes living room okay patiently okay but
I would just be comfortable stop Cowell
and I could look imagine recliner Oh
2018 and I get it
he's an amazing whoa oh she's being
thorough and very analytical so that she
makes the right choice I'm really your
turn just go with my answer might very
thought out it was we're going to be
here for another recliner okay don't
forget how is yellow you can replenish
their change in B haven't guide you get
to comment down below to come we're good
see you tomorrow
always remember to celebrate life Hey
change of base take baby thanks for
watching Chris Haley
