I love how the video ended with Haley's
face and the videos starting with
Haley's face - and I'm talking about
definitely well what is my god baby food
it does look like baby food it tastes
like baby start with any baby food if
you know every banana puree your hands
on it
oh it doesn't on the banana but now I'm
good here does pray to your in my video
like a lady trying to distract you - oh
but it's airplane a face out I already
wasted so they should have said it came
to be really so how many was it uh oh my
god honey so my mom
all right so our birthday at CVX is
today with a knee lever get up back
there she's moving now she's taking her
head now
better hurry paid is eaten all the
pastries and fruit other everyday the
room service is so good right mac and
cheese you ever go to the Hilton oh my
god like that I like city you can go to
the health in an order the McEntee you
know we're going to the health of
obesity you need to get more that makes
no sense a higher grams MS award you
know points here zombie in the morning
yeah 24/7 she was trying to say if you
go to nothing get um Megan treatment
yeah mac and cheese asparagus chicken
fingers and Auntie I rode the French and
and the water
now you can like a pig that was not that
was not her meal Hayley's chicken
nuggets she ate the Mac and you know Oh
Alicante
who's this various and french fries the
French fries were good a wise above the
water
okay one here as I said Wow
thank you nope to myself or my nanny
built the roof any to the roof shingles
mosquitoes buddy foundational different
Miriam on
just blush and highlighter pretty good
and I love you Brooklyn and and Amy ups
cute I love her daily we are before long
he did Kufa waiting fairy tales what are
we doing look at all the whole exhausted
our lives are dark lip gloss sure s
their faces with their basis Parvati up
inside
okay he's gonna get a picture
no she's gonna get a picture just we'll
wait Danny you really twin one what
around the ball
Oh No maybe what you're hired ride the
bull gone hot is cool Starsky anyone
threadable Haley was credible
no I
there's that bull no you're on nothing
no no
no it's not he's not going to drive
around he's got a brother I'm not
brownie and a blue life all right is
your name tightly said Shiloh Shiloh is
finer I heard a dog named Shiloh when I
was little picture with you yes we're
meeting a star of the movie
look I'm closing with a pepper here get
down
oh we just got to the super fan
experience they're doing some test shots
before some friends come in and then
we're going to do like a little meet and
greet mingle after we take pictures of
everybody sure and we're short so Jesus
was it very good she didn't do it but
she's giving you a dirty look cloudy
with room Annie
yeah no no not you a journalist a glare
who learn up an evil Glen that can be
taken a couple different ways evil look
like stairs
Oh
today's cooper tomorrow they gather them
I could pick it with Cooper oh we like
Haley no make up or cry you Haley won't
you help Haley
hold on but just don't let go Oh Paige
got my faces oh oh so you know we're
just casually walk Ashley walk another
they're all kind of like they're really
pretty oh yes wait what I want to thank
you Tim you've got the judge now job hey
did you guys notice the targets impose a
target Oh is also being nice about her
review yeah now what how what do we do
we
believe me I possibly know a good
question I want to hear hash the answers
but okay we are trying to do it more
singing and because we will be traveling
going to LA going to be hard to do that
but every time I come back and try to
get back into shape this planet is going
to be our to keep you a normal 9
domestic every time I come back but we
are really continuing singing right
we're going to do what are they called
coverage they're an original what's your
favorite tree trait or tree because I
like like the weeping willow tree
what's your name
that was beautiful you're welcome no
next question all right Billy we gotta
do one more question
one more question we're gonna go every
time you think you're hard on us all the
time yeah thank you guys thank you thank
you
me next it's clear the malaria is not
good add to shine if it is all right so
we have another Meetup we just did our
super band experience and now we're
doing something like a little boost back
here that's where we go in right now
let's stop
who's your favorite people in the whole
world
not neat little goon can you just stand
there that's perfect
so right now we're
it's not very good interviewer what
favorite
good job you want a bracelet twins
bracelet assigned bracelet what I'm
talking about
hey guys I am here at CBS with Jo I'm
going to ask her about her makeup really
fast because I really want to know how
long does it take you to do this um this
morning it probably sit here like an
hour - half an hour - have fun Carmi
Arkle okay I just want you to know I
don't even think I could do this so
kudos to Katie for perfect eye makeup
today tell me your name Riley Preston is
that we got Justin and Riley I'm Kylie
as I got it Kylie and Justin so bobbing
John I got it Bob and Larry I'm just
kidding thank you guys thanks for coming
dun dun lunch break guys we miss you
lucky horse
hi did you have fun I'm tangled Jeff I'm
okay let's go eat
maybe we'll get some energy after we eat
all right back to the motel room for a
quick lunch before we go on the main
stage think we're going to QA and we are
pigs
we have to like our world our life for a
vault we should do a high-low NECA our
world revolves around food Haley thank
you no thank you Haley
might not a table I am you know you're
happy because I'm not a pig Paige Paige
Danielle I think we should really
disappoint over here I'll just finish
what would be funny in fact they would
probably even be eating they like food
so that during their set of meals
why am i doing on the minds of your
questionnaires on it she's using
questionnaire Q&A it's a Q&A session and
it's never but there's like a form hold
and on the questionnaire like a four
will you feel so awful
I think anyone Jie you're settling four
times a day so is that a questionnaire
that they're doing on the main stage are
you guys ready for your questionnaire
some toys are like I lost my page like
please don't ask a question for Josh
injury the reason they showed up you
taller so at the meet up like the
autograph last course you got up there
my on you something up yeah or down yeah
she does haha did you eat pizza guru
look nurse to help me like I was gonna
if you're mad
she doesn't know
let's go idols does and I know you belly
I've got the people down below you want
to chop your legs great we're cutting
your legs off
no but you have the motion you're making
any like stop it when I do it ready
no you're just like oh yes we've got to
wear that another night I'm not going I
promise
let me do another nine then I'll switch
it okay do you think why is my camera
not adjusting in the light okay no we
got this pages all right do way more
vigilant well now that would analyze
their own jokes
why are not the next flavor I like
messages Lola what if I dumped it on her
and I never last for everything would
you love it if I do not know doll it's
the main page we don't know what we're
doing up here maybe a QA
we literally just walked in
it's 5:05 we're all getting our page
getting a microphone well you guys think
about tomorrow pages not need her own
microphone oh we're back here I
embarrass them on a video nail here yes
they know we're here
it's on the schedule no they know you're
here
yeah
QA Oh what do you have AIDS gonna dance
was that you guys just be entertaining
up there believe me
Irene I'm working with that and
I didn't tell anything kid you would not
release it really bit of it
and so with them it really is like you
know what you can do those humans are
already with us and traveling so yeah
you can I show you it I was doing here
at the time and I kind of incorporated
hair and makeup in my video and so
that's kind of my they're tearing cuz
you got off stage I do not like that
pressure is hell no all the questions
what's your name
Haley hi Bailey oh yes from here have
you ever been to another youtuber event
or just see their side this is your
first one excited have you met everybody
you wanted to meet cool
sure you know for the fifth time you've
met us today that's the role you meet us
five times in one day you get to be in
the vlog what's your name we from Utah
have you ever been to another YouTube
event or just something
have you met everybody you wanted to
meet good nice meeting you
is it awkward when some random person
just has a camera on you know you guys
haven't won did they tell you that this
got changed to a three hour meetup yes
three hours then go to change tomorrow
tasters so you didn't believe me at all
oh why oh why sure yeah they contract
right now
oh they're just basically keep taking
pictures so they have roaches over here
and I'm not going on here right because
they like I think big hello what are you
move they're not watching him what are
these livers off oh my god oh man
I'll take big deep breath yeah you got
our guys do it Annie
you got it is no Fanny it's really it's
all me
he's 25 okay this one all - doesn't make
us know why yeah
so afraid someone's gonna think I might
put something it doesn't might they can
or you can hold it this coin is male
take a selfie with them no I dislike me
not what the hold up he's putting it in
his mouth oh my god
hold on okay I get it now that's
different okay turn around
I feel like this horse
oh my god Annie Annie Annie Annie Annie
look at this one Wow to submit to people
okay you got a hole this guy I got you
all right and you got to do that one oh
I can do that big tell me just littering
up you let him help her hole does he do
it alright don't let him brother man
wait come every year
his name
Narcissa Malfoy oh yeah did you want to
take it off of you Billy
are you supposed to move him from here
so can you Annie
Haley want to show you something we hold
my homie hold up just make one it comes
on and yes thank you don't draw please
don't shout like this yeah just be
gentle cute Haley oh it belongs to the
people
how are the snakes
ever it was so calming like I think I
have a a really I touched it
we are going to all snuggle up in this
bed oh and raw Andy and watched it for
myself
we have it was perfect we're gonna watch
The Princess Bride
in honor of meeting Carrie you'll when
we were in what not why you people
shouldn't look and she's getting us
we're going to put on the computer of
the evening you're a bad mom are you
again we told them are they did when did
you guys blog about that earlier I
didn't totally please I've really wanted
I want it
I really does I wanted it freeze after a
wall people okay
y'all if you didn't know we met Harry
old plays Wesley tsunami in The Princess
Bride
Haley furrow you can squish it if you
push it it'll paste on it it will take
the baby are you doing I thought about a
bug on me I was just my hair though
spray a strand of fallen out strange is
a hair okay question of the day I feel
like we got asked what our favorite
movie was a bunch tonight so we just go
with that I'd like to say guys remember
back to Jeremy you a on stay
questionnaire why you got on to ask me
50 million questions that I was not
prepared entirely whether you have to
say anything
why'd you go on today cases you made me
that's it for he did how many people to
tune in thanks look at Manson for you
wanted a microphone your people don't
know I respond to Michael
Oh hurt my toe what all right
what is the question of the day you guys
mass chaos we shoot it mom oh I just
need to find out God page really you're
spitting I'm sorry guys I apologize for
this craziness purpose Haley right and
one nope former challenger here isn't
who usually mind um perf um it's uh
ocean um the light one all right no sure
I look at in a very purpose I'm really
liking purposes clipping now Annie
that's cheating what she we can have the
same favorite song my sister's okay
you've got it first I said a second yeah
the guy said bitches alright so don't
forget to comment down below like the
road to Hana was my favorite trip
alright guys we will see you tomorrow we
are going to a few more meetups here at
CVX and then we're flying to L to the a
aka Los Angeles Louisiana and he's
working on another project secret secret
stuff there is going to be people in it
that you guys will recognize that are in
the secret project with her not page so
we're going to be doing full three full
days of filming while in LA these two
thank goodness this one goes back to our
house and then you were gonna knock
bloody there and Annie and I go to
Toronto to finish up filming her YouTube
red show so busy busy busy
Jeremy not you socially over there I
mean how do you know taller she's
sitting up I am so tall Vimeo guys we'll
see you tomorrow
always remember to celebrate life
based on steak babe thanks for watching
Rick Haley
