time for what kami we're going to wake
some sleepy kids we've already been up
daddy
artista laundry we're going to switch
the laundry but we're going to wake the
kids up first
rise and shine they are still out well
it is 6 o'clock in the morning for them
technically I don't know how I got up so
early or easily it's time to start
getting up we have to get out of this
hotel room and get to the next one I'm
gonna jump into bed
1 2 3 you gotta get off this time I let
you sleep later than we want to do
I don't think they're budging well to
tickle them out who should we start with
the funny thing is they've been asleep
for nine hours I know we got plenty of
sleep well that's good
the lease are up and snapchatting
because those are the important things
in the morning well Hayley's not awake
all right so we just switched the
laundry we're halfway done who's excited
cuz you guys have to help fold after I
look thrilled okay well you guys missed
breakfast um that's spelled a there's
that snack place downstairs you guys can
go get some snacks and then you need to
literally start getting ready so we can
get to the drop our bags off at the
other hotel yeah this hotel an hour
that's not very lot older than your
dress yeah
and then we're going to go hunt down the
Chipotle go by myself then I don't have
a problem eating Chipotle by myself it's
a laundry sorting time and I'm actually
a professional folder actually there is
a roller you have to think of Canada I
am as a person a professional eater
no text messages oh my goodness so this
is one load we have another have the
dark stone
they weren't dry so I'm going to start
it over again - nope lovely
whenever Persian rugs I Wow pretty good
we had to fit them in the bags that were
already I don't know how like we didn't
buy that much we didn't buy any clothes
I mean I'm hungry you guys I'm starving
nothing close dude
I don't like no it's not it's closed I
don't like that kind of thing we're
gonna trade off okay I was in a free
breakfast I don't know Billy went down
yeah it was not really yeah our
preference is to show it free and of
complimentary oh my favorite
we love great sir I would awake I just
don't like that I wonder at 7:00 why do
i do like oh yeah sure no I did I was
like why I like oh that's what kind of
joy like 10 o'clock I was like no it was
just a wrong way wrong way like I said
it was a why am i up
so I've dated like I need to like to
sleep and then literally they kept
moving in on me they like I was in the
middle make up rolling rolling and like
made them you do is so warm I literally
like stuktv I kept rolling them and they
roll that little hair did you roll that
like what just going on which another
love so many guys yeah yeah we could
probably walk but all right we've made
it to the next hotel and we're checked
in for cbx but we're not checked in for
the hotel we want to drop these bags
here of our rooms not ready and go eat
there is an Olive Garden right around
the corner but too hungry to like drive
anywhere else
I already yelled up on one lookers
meanwhile I'm trying to pick cover art
or the music video Alex the same
photographer that took their head shot
took sectors where we are on film in the
music video and so I'm trying to figure
out what picture to use of this little
goon at least you're being good at
failing
what are you still biggest trip I can
tell me what's your agent sick of me and
even tickled me song I don't know when
the music video is going to come out the
rough cuts going to be here soon we're
going to probably watch it when we get
back to LA
alright and then it should be out soon
after the rough cut because there
probably isn't going to be many changes
and then you guys get to see it we'll
have a countdown can we do a three day
countdown our five day countdown I'm
guessing you guys will say a three day
because then I would get here sooner
I've been working 70 Oh what 3437 Day
countdown hey we don't have a date yet
but we'll let you guys know who y'all
are going to get in trouble again
I say again because I already yelled at
you want to try please if Julia that
would be so cute let's make sure there's
a pullout here or we're in big trouble
yeah there's a pullout
yes it is you should have put it on okay
come on I want to go eat I'm hangry
MP oh good we really good in my life I
love hotel room with table it makes me
so happy
no we're only here for like two nights
it's too bad this room wasn't ready last
night that batter Billy hey Leo Mazzone
okay boom alright we ate and now we are
all going to literally jump in this bed
yeah well I'm not have fun taking my yes
you can go now laughs hey some doing I
don't have one of those cool cameras
that like oh yeah lie to me I try it you
can do it right we found the pool in the
fitness center let's check out the
fitness center first
9 so we're going to work out over here
everyday we're going to do it tonight
really really really really late yeah we
should do like 3 yes no we should not
well okay if we're still like jet-lagged
or whatever we'll do it so we're going
to work out let's check out the pool
it's just a really big long pool wait
hot time let's go check out the hot tub
whoo it's almost like a hot tub we
should totally go yeah come on
I am Emma got one in my hair is dirty so
let's go listen to watch a movie and
then go to the pool and then work out
yeah yeah let's do a good efening you'll
get a sticker in your sugar yes Annie I
will some of you I promise
just kind of presently just knock on the
door and brought us a brother from the
hotel July August it's August Oh Annie
what else is in here I love that what
else is in there chocolate and stop
seasoning chef yet seasoning one I call
the water bottom we'll share the water
bottle is a family water bottle is it
black so we can write on it with like a
gold Lynch silver sharpie and I'll put
like my name on it
that wasn't white that's a Hilton on it
yes always good advertisement he'll in
love all right are you ready Paige is
hustling uploaded to think it's an
inside joke back in the Malaysia day
they're singing or at Australia days
funny cuz everybody causes is that we I
met them on the first trip we took
together which I met y'all way before
that is less human but hey I love I'm
out look let's get after Oh where's that
I remember she has a lot to make
Louisiana Republican yeah and we very
much Laura see ya and I was I got I was
like the cutest things ever and then she
got to know you guys I have 90 now I
come
what did I ever do okay I was please be
nested what it just looks cool oh my god
Artur okay Katie oh you know Billy and
Haley y'all work on showing that y'all
walk out that
and inhaler to play that tiny who's like
I thought to be like shy I don't know
what's expected if he was like you just
like win in Florida or Louisiana it's
not a down get a 500 more but right
alright enough reminiscing we're get out
into the pool so we'll play the wet
towel game or the wet towel game what
does that mean oh it's heavy you can't
hold it
behind all you're supposed to try to
keep it calm water all right we have to
get out wonderful I'll keep at it
happy anymore like a person okay wait
wait I gotta believe me
don't you throw that tell her where's
the wet towel
Melodyne he'll be like screaming alright
you guys where I guess hours what what
tell yes we're going to shower but I
already showered this morning you guys
have a shower oh here let me like really
play the PAL game where mommy what do
you do I really in doubt you can go into
play i am dr accusing our faces it's
been here long has it been like a month
you much yeah we are on an incline
ice cream social check accept Billy and
Haley are still being social
we're not social isn't wearing makeup
guys if it was fast
it's fun no I mean there's a lot of
people I love you imagine you have warm
food and I set our makeup to go from
there for an hour and then ten going 30
because we are yeah we it's like kinda
o'clock at night with one hour and we
yeah we haven't really done make of it
and we've got to be on like a meet and
greet booth tomorrow 11:00 get an
education outcomes yeah they actually
ask for you not become stuff in one
version f we're Hageman
no one alive I wanted to draw yeah which
song her song you'll have to put on the
one I don't want you I'm talking to
people watching because I can't use it
the 101 I'm the one oh it would tell
them what minute
I want to realize that your student
wasn't that one better okay my friends
well I didn't get wrapped up before
Annie fell asleep so we get just kidding
I love them all the same Haley was like
what really
you finally admit it I do like you a lot
how long no just exact same got Annie
though only a mess
clutch back some of it is Manning accent
just real tell you all the other times
you haven't been speaking in your real
voice
the other ones rat huh this is the real
one okay cool
there's a bit well that's a great
question today what's your favorite
accent River the British give me your
best British accent her name mine Armour
Chandra ello ello
hmmn go up Saturday all right so
tomorrow we have some meetups more
excited to meet some of you guys you're
installing pinning you and you and you
and you yes you work there we're going
to meet you I've already met you by the
time you see this that's kind of scary
right I'm going to say you know comment
below what's your favorite accent is is
it the French one Vivi I was horrible
mm-hm German Russian little French we
said that British American whatever
Australian those are pretty good so you
guys choose one anime comment it down
below thanks for joining us today um we
will see you tomorrow me no really we're
going to film oh no I think those signs
point to yes thereby I had a magic
8-ball it would that's what I would say
yes all right good night guys I want to
remember to celebrate life Hey ah based
on a thanks for watching Chris Haley
