it's time for Mike Adamle well good
morning everybody
the time has come
what to leave Maui we're up and dressed
there we are almost sad we didn't read
freaks here's our leftover fruit
remaster that we're picking on and
here's our little patio that we've eaten
breakfast on most mornings take this in
one more time my friends I feel we'll be
back maybe not to Maui maybe a different
island in Hawaii and if we don't come
back here they're going to some workout
island and another country we're pretty
positive at this bag is going to be
overweight because it is stuffed full of
all of our dirty clothes we're on our
way to Utah I've never been to Utah well
I probably have like passed through Utah
they have never been a Utah we're going
to Salt Lake City for CVX it's kind of
like playlists we do like meetups and q
and A's and all that kind of good stuff
so it'll be fun we're doing that for the
weekend and then stay tuned for the plan
because we're going somewhere else
I mean somewhere we've been but you know
I don't know we might have said already
and I'm just now trying to keep some
anticipation going but you know join us
on our long journey home because it is
going to be just that we are two flights
we don't have seats together on the
first one so that's always an adventure
to try to get and it's the longest one
all the way back over the Pacific stop
it in San Diego so if you're from San
Diego we were at your airport by the
time you saw this pani all right
everybody grab their bag
we have seats together on the short
plate let's look how that worked out but
we got deep together you and Paige sat
together on the long fight last time and
you didn't have seats and she had broke
and he just mad because I said that the
first people who seats that we get two
seats together we get two Z's together
it's Paige in Haley all right guys we
already had one bag that was over 40 36
look at hon Paige how her bag was
exactly fifty thousand my tongue on the
dot
like a continues this is always about it
anyway I don't know you use a lot of
like hairspray
every time Justin tighter all right you
guys we did it
that one shouldn't be 50 so so our first
bag was 53 so we redid stuff
yesterday wasn't that great the road to
Hana are not the name names of tour
we're not saying their name but the poor
guy was a little different the guy was a
little off
okay apparently we're checking them all
there we go we are getting rid of we're
getting rid let's go go run your bag
through go with page so here in Hawaii
when you're leaving Hawaii Hawaii to go
back to the mainland
his main Lancer correct term okay you
have to run your bag through a result
agriculture check make sure you're not
bringing accidentally bringing some
plants that shouldn't come we want to
make sure no that's been expressed
nobody so that's what they're going to
do we weren't going to check those bags
we were going to check for but anyway so
we're not saying that the road to Hana
was not fun but if the tour guide it
could have been a lot more fun so we're
not saying we're not saying don't do the
road to Hana yeah he was not very
cooperative anyway so anything's gonna
be a good day because yesterday wasn't
as exciting as she thought it was going
to be okay can you longer you know the
reality was conversation at lunch well
breakfast lunch and that's where all we
were we were all talking and Paige like
wanted to put her to something but no
one would like normally when Paige talks
we all listen good yeah you better
listen I was good you wanted to hear it
yeah Union she can't remember it but
anyways like for like three minutes she
was like can family just listen to me
and I heard her talking but we were out
of the bar Wow look at you yeah I got it
oh man okay okay we're talking about
scary movies is it yet on subject I
already know
okay listen I want to make guys I'm not
going against Manny what's our first
scary movies cake
Jerry movie you have not see one here is
literally the most reality scaring their
home Alexis we don't want to be horrible
no that wasn't so much Shuster Mariana
it was different what was the other
scary movie what everyone dreams and
kami again the reality very much very
reality movie because that can actually
happen that actually does happen that is
so scary the movie
drum roll truth contagion you will hate
it meeting I had to all watch it it
makes you so sick let's watch affirm
have you or you just don't like that no
really great actually
what's that though we'll watch remember
I like that would make you guys crime
we're talking about my knowledge is bad
you go don't watch movies without your
parents permission
please let's sit I can't say anything
because I like to five so wet and
sideways and goes over here okay what
the page contain no it isn't called the
five we know it's called contagion in
fact I just felt thrown avorite chart
part of the home eating carry old and
but
snorkeling and salut l don't mine I have
it I have a Claire your partner's head
basically what I learned those moments
before them it was nice she saw I
literally said I let I like Bursley oh
you're like oh yeah me too
no and then yeah literally people are
looking
as on we keep in common to call the
cops-- we go I've already there before
the compound call another layer music so
there's not to get on the plane so we're
filling our bill even we're going to get
snacks if they of course going right
after happen I said this is the best
thing one took the favor this big ever
documented really welcomed over for
Liz's she says that about every single
bit and then tries to say she said it's
crushing tinny's y'all because you're
crushing a penny all right all right
Haley your turn if you choose at first
Billy yes right choose which one you
want very little talk which one how are
you falling
are they yeah that is so cool top oh
thank you my name is to make it rush to
her I always I have one from the Magic
Kingdom I just found when I was digging
through you guys look if I keep it in my
wallet
I just found that one push it in yep
nice I spin it right I do it Oh bigger
levels you got to get it on the
different angle
and architects where it is hey you're
send you home I want this one but I want
to look up what that means okay what if
it's a bad word we didn't have enough
quarters for Annie so she's letting me
yay if you look at what I mean
alright well we'll look it up you guys
look it up too because then it's how
work I work there and I are paying
together
Paige and Haley are putting together and
Billy is basically setting the company
there you know are you talking to
anything he'll be best friends by the
time of five our plate is a really
massive ardian Tyrolean full full
conversation table to anybody literally
and knowledge battle toxic it takes me
around
all right so we're going to buckle off
and
enjoy the piggies other pleiades I
watched the movie now that the listener
music and sleep hopefully will be
internet service
you guys so we just landed and finally
landed the pin I realized that we still
have another flight we have a layer over
here where are we right now
we are in San Diego mine California yeah
Oh two hours and we are going to public
school let me do it let me do dork City
it's right there I don't know what I'm I
don't know water it's on time the door
flight number without seven six three
and in 700
so it's over here oh no you found out
like City to me 763 on-time gate what
Annie she wanted to quit so Haley and
Paige are not off the plane yet I got
the honor of holding Oh Annie's they
were in Haley's bag and she went back
there and got them and then forgot to
take them back she tried to go back
there
she was an ex or something and they
didn't invite Annie to sit with her I'm
a background extra see she goes yeah he
wants within like no not anymore
don't be afraid all right so we're going
about data we yes right oh wait are
gates here everybody give we came out of
gate 14 and we're going back and 14 that
is so funny I just looked up to see
where our gate was is it on time yeah
probably 30 minutes before what time we
going 8:45 and we get a me and we just
walking for hours of our day four hours
of our day we are gone okay we're going
to eat I'm going to go see if there's a
Chipotle because that's the important
things in life
welcome to San Diego
pretty good what about local boy huh
my son is horrible thing why live in
ecstasy Indian tell me I have a box keep
going
I didn't think you'd want to sit with
home you take speaking wrong you know
holler is important yeah I want the
boarding pass Oliver Phoenix justify you
know mommy but you can bumbling about
yeah they weren't asking my incline
Pelham try not long
you got what just a lot crazy like oh
well I'll ask her dad if she's like the
pages were it when I'm sick I'm not
worried about everything students like
and then later on I was like I have a
far just like oh hey we've got a really
long walk to our gate so yeah we got a
really long way at walk to 14 that's war
room yeah this is our gate yeah alright
let's go eat my friend what is this
sometimes better videographer is it
making you guys snicker this kind of
cool not that cool background yes but
amazingly you can yeah Haley don't post
it
okay say I give you permission to put
this on the vlog so it goes like this I
give you get a bunch of results just
like sensors we can put censored in it
and don't show it we have to respect
people Billy
okay well Hut it in there he's gonna put
a sensor over it
my okay God's daddies walk on the plane
let's see Haley walk
hey okay
all right so that's right Annie and
Paige are sitting next to each other and
I get my hey bug energies like sitting
Nixon because I want 7c come on 70 yeah
7a have a guy like seven
what you stole my feet I thought I was
getting the window but hey
- that was review we were sitting
together and have a great flight and the
square room so I bring yeah okay guys so
the plane is pretty empty like Pascal so
they all got the stuff together
daddy's back there
feeding
hello Billy
silence plane rides
to get hurt
hey like for life
y'all my knees hurt yeah I'm I need to
give you stuff we're all for a last
light beige
y'all never singing so loud on the plane
those three I could hear you welcoming
your phone alright now we have it like
11:30 at night here I'm loving Opera for
four hours on Hawaii time I'm going to
use that as an excuse for everything
okay so we have to go get our all of our
million bags no I'm not even listening
to you okay so we got to get our bags we
got to get a car and we got to get to
the hotel
oh my gosh we have we lost four hours of
our day well why all right let's see how
he needed you all right no good deed of
the day smiling at strangers y'all we
really failed on our good deeds of the
day when the wheelchair ba-ba made Emma
T smile to calls like 95 of our exes
are you doing it in do you know where
we're going I let somebody go in front
of you all right guys are getting our
bag okay so that's never happened before
but we got a little juice on our days
and apparently CVX doesn't start until
tomorrow night I thought it started
tomorrow day and we just didn't have
anything on the schedule so guess what
we got through the hotel tomorrow night
tomorrow night like oh the doors open oh
that's so guys we all we've had a free
day on the schedule I knew our schedule
didn't have anything tomorrow but so we
just assumed do that CVX started
tomorrow morning and so check in at the
hotel both today we just showed up to
the hotel you guys Hoover dropped us up
and they don't have a like I will call
an uber they don't have a room it's not
that they don't like us it's just
there's no rooms available tonight and
they don't want to show it guys we're
not the only ones that did it there's
another family here that's going yeah
that's doing that Soph the same thing
now that's how playlist and VidCon work
and we've never done zodiac no room so
we're kind of stranded without a hotel
room
but I think he's on the phone with
another hotel this is we could just come
to him
it's a third hotel he's called but I do
believe you found a room yes so I'm
going to call another uber and we're
going to load back up in the car it just
add about an hour to your night I think
we found a hotel room with all they had
were king bed so we had to get two hotel
rooms and then in the morning we have to
pack our stuff up and go back the king
guys if I go in and try to not unpack
the whole all the bags and only unpack
oh no no don't let her in here people
ruining my bit don't go out again he's
gotta unlock the door every time you go
out so we're going to talk about so it
helps morrow and go to be for the one is
what I'm trying to say so we're going to
do a question today right now before the
hotels were what to the question of the
baby bear she's got one and a new live
action like that Manta Batman I would
rather watch live like real people
Annie yeah yeah she brought a lot of
cartoons really want cartoons why do you
want live alright guys so stay tuned a
few more nights for this video if you
want to see the entire left
23:14 of love I have never had it so
late
and apparently has something on my pants
and they are making fun of me just a
room for the devil I'm scared of the
dark
alright I think I'm in y'all there's a
microwave and a refrigerator so it's
fantastic for the night are we gonna
there's another bed paid in another room
on remand Alton all five of us totally
done this so I'm just going to assume
the other rooms just like this so here
it is cute all right guys yeah we're
going to jump in bed because we have a
long day tomorrow of laundry and
switching hotels now and eating Thibault
way because I haven't had it forever and
I'm having withdrawals good night see
you tomorrow
coming down below what kind of cartoon
our little live-action it's not a door
page it's just a mirror page you're
leaving only for our love it bye guys
always remember just tell a bright light
Hey
change based on baby
thanks for watching Britt Haley
