by for my cami
good morning Maui you know what was
funny is daddy got up bright and early
this morning and came to his office and
stole the beautiful view so the girls
are in here today but that's okay
because this isn't a bad view from here
either so Haley's eatin teddy bear
pancakes adorable and he was looking
forward to the oatmeal since we had it
the first day because that's what she's
eating we've got the fruit Paige got
oatmeal - we've got pastries we've got
the breeze we've got the waterfall you
guys can probably hear here that I got
the koi fish
yes he got up even earlier this morning
than yesterday morning because the video
is a little late cuz he didn't finish
editing yesterday morning before
snorkeling this morning he was nice
enough to get up a little bit earlier
are you going to finish before I believe
so as long as the Internet upload the
video will be up on time today for your
viewing viewing pleasure so we're kind
of moving slow because we have another
early morning at 6:00 in the morning
ziplining on the menu for adventure
today and then tomorrow was our last day
what today so a Monday or Sunday guys
when you're in Hawaii there are no days
pretty much every day is paradise what's
today it is Monday so today today but
today we've got a full day and tomorrow
we have a full day and then we leave the
next day I'm already getting sad what
pages - she's just silhouetted you can't
see how sad smile asks are we thinkin
done this time worked it was it was like
the other day she's flipping her on
inner eyelashes and they were bent
because I guess she felt creative and
once I
I just got them wet and I just let them
air town eat a lot air time
got the pineapple here thank you
Mahalo wait they all are in it probably
thank you
oh do we do we have searching does it
note that the only shirt you got for
that yeah let's cool it'll look like
dirt later Haley your eyes look amazing
she put on a little mascara last night I
just want to taste luck on that
oops but it out looks like you've got
eyeliner on the bottom this perfect pan
handle good morning
white you're eating in here what about
forget you fella please am I hired oh I
thought you were going to talk to her
about last night when she was super
tired when we were celebrating
two million it was so no offense amy was
awkward nothing was wrong with Annie she
was just hired feet off the top cuz
you're not
but everything's better with oatmeal in
the morning you like all the fruit well
I've only put fresh flowers on that yeah
let's try to make some good day we'd
ready to go this life right Haley gets
to come with us
she's not going to zip by the way enough
goes old slut you guys she probably
wouldn't want to do it anyway not our
favorite thing
two more there they go you don't really
count here you go can I go with them you
count to me Haley well I thought a few
more groans a baby oh this guy's I'm
fine we're crossing the bridge
on these little cables that you see if
your right and left are holding us up
muttering so seriously it's already
beautiful out here
hi guys I see you I don't think the
camera comes for you but it is a
beautiful out here I'm a little nervous
I have to admit because the last time I
went to zip lining it wasn't even on a
big one that like the ropes course back
home with like a little zip and it kept
pinching me and I'm like oh I don't like
the defining thing I think I have my
hands on the wrong spot clearly some got
pay attention this time and hopefully
not getting a little fingers pinched the
job guys were done okay gonna say get
your chest into the wind that's what
this means okay so guys if you spend
your days what's gonna bring your chest
in to go with sighs our first group is
up Oh save me come on over and Annie
looking good you ready Eddie all right
ready all three one two three
now you guys how long it's okay I don't
do anything with my hand I push myself
away hey Bridget drop Lily about
mccrawley
Charlie freeze bring it to me
nay so long way down you guys 45 feet I
was way more than 45 feet
okay I probably never look down 445 feet
apart
a very powerful way
interested
firmness like you
my daddy the work one two three
that should be Katie and maybe Brett
today and bright they
rock-paper-scissors for Katie had to go
with Brian just kidding you guys needed
the help little bit feelings I had a guy
push practically right now she was
getting push you didn't know you're
angling mother yeah yeah last minute
like a Magellan yeah no you're the one
behind you is on the platform before you
go so that's because it was the guy it
was the guys that went before you you
see to speed I had 100 was it a line and
they go away a couple pounds more than
you the one who won our Jani take away
fast like I'm even trying to stop the
whole time here's our side guys that
stopping wait through that so that was
pretty pretty fast
I think it's an Ian page really you come
flying in to jump into the break with
our fish all right
we're hitting a ride
so excited oh my god
seahorses
oh my god I don't know about you guys
nice so pretty
look come on Timmy
we're running ok I'm not writing anymore
up a bar they made it place in the
wording see that like really right you
all right now my two boys where's your
bat making stuff up good now you're
smiling behind my back
ok - yeah you don't want to give me the
size of the world right realize even wet
and I heard it I'm like wait a second
like a surfboard doing everything right
you this because left in your nest if
you throw most people are riding righty
or lefty lefty no like I was riding
riding like that and need to record like
that that we can't write me yeah throw
and do that
alright so clearly we are back from the
blinding and clearly we are going down
to the beach in the pool
I just ate flowers I'm gonna do Hawaiian
flower to plumeria I believe they're
everywhere
the ones they put on the lathe and in
the hair alright we're back from the
Beecher remember that video we're Haley
called it the Beecher
don't you want to wrap your presence
don't bother why let's go out on where
are you guys gonna go make you just beat
ya'll to the but your beats jump the
Beecher um why don't you go get like
some candy kinky come candy with the
baby no you probably need to change
clothes there were some photos on we'll
go get your something we are ready to
rock almost finishing touches we're
going to dinner if you like it's
excursion either pool or Beach and then
dinner everyday and it's fantastic I can
ask for anything I know there's not much
better than that a nice pace is starting
to peel we've done a little powder
Hawaii right there alright she needs
shoes and we need to go I need you yep
of you I'm getting a little hungry
hungry he never seen well nothing on
diarrhea rather air um yeah like if you
do a little hairspray in a comb do Duke
home get a comb and spray a little bit
of hairspray on the top it'll smooth it
all out
oh yeah whether to meet you too okay so
tell us it's Wesley from The Princess
Bride
we've ever seen it okay we're watching
The Princess Bride it's like he's the
main character from Princess Bride
they hide it'll all get in the bottom
Annie my friend all really cool we just
don't you guys come here often of them
aren't you
we're not like we're going to do the
rose on a small we heard you have to do
that while you're here she said to me
about our monthly like anything you see
for your agent I know that's even with
way cooler that's way cooler yeah
alright guys we're going to come down
here and check out rush and eight and
state look at this tomahawk steak look
at these boys oh how did he and all this
meat literally and he was the biggest
foe have to stay oh they're all sharing
a you having to stake - Annie we all
know Russia's enjoying it savage rush
right here
I'm still breathing you're just still
breathing oh yeah that was my teeth so
that's a ring
I like it happy birthday happy birthday
happy birthday dear Michael
happy birthday to you oh we got three
birthdays yeah thank you thank you
almost like it came out careful that
bridge when I saw repeated stepping on
his motto basil no just beautiful Hayden
it's all you now not for now I don't
want any consecrating dollar mutlu
motivated Michelle oh are you the monkey
Yuri okay all right
look I gotta push is it looking like oh
you got your page one right away
I'm tactical a secure being those are my
go get fresh water just took this
Melbourne Zoo I'm glad we didn't get
kicked out would you rather go scuba
diving with sharks or just skydive I
would rather go scuba diving with sharks
because I don't like to be enough in a
plane and jump off the plane and
freefall it's better than the spoon the
shark bit of scarier you're more likely
to get eaten with this you're falling
out of a plane by yourself just falling
out so I'm getting there eating by a
shark by yourself such a nice one
what about this on ice please I don't
know and we don't know if Annie is going
to be back
and time if we're going to be sleeping
or not don't forget to comment down
below a window question of the day is
you guys going everywhere scatting ah
all right guys wanted them missed um
good question today I'm too tired even
function but question day is scuba
diving or skydiving I think so mine
we're definitely be skydiving even
though I would really want to go scuba
diving I think skydiving would be more
the top of my bucket list so yeah don't
forget to calm down look so luxe today I
screwed up scuba diving or skydiving bye
see you tomorrow
always remember just tell a break thanks
for watching Chris Haley
