time for what cami okay so good morning
everybody
this morning we are snorkeling shows us
where illegally going don't tell the
state of Hawaii
what are you guys think you that little
bling over there for the top of the
volcano well
where it is that you guys didn't see it
I can barely see it
peaking out right there tomahawk volcano
being fitted for mask and snorkel giving
you bang bang so that's pretty funny
there you go oh yeah really good
don't breathe there no I know I just I
tried me nuts I like to breathe through
my nose
and also your specialness
there we go sweetheart hold on your face
gotta hey push and then we're going to
pull number 38 on this okay we got to
put the fun lower but a little a little
bit a little confusing we can put it
wherever you need it okay there you go
okay now do you not wear a snorkel okay
yeah bite down bite down yeah yeah
perfect enough reason
can you bring in another man now what
you doing today man yeah brush winds 77
with 77 Caleb blow seven knees with
their rocks off of me I was hoping for a
seven - I have 17 16 like two minutes
ago Haley alright so we've reached where
we're snorkeling it's kind of perfect
this is what you call perfection this is
what we call gears scary or scary
perfect scary so we have the rock
through these rock and you know there's
roosters because that's what you get on
in Hawaii by the water aren't they cute
Kix careful walking on the rocks
okay they are all over life when you're
resting so don't put them on we're going
to talk about fish I'm going to get our
equipment just stock out and assorted
and then we're going to get to start
that if fishes are divided into families
and they have a family name and then
they have individual names and the first
family you're going to learn about today
is called the butterfly fish so they can
clean because their colorful life better
talk again all the butterflies they
share three common colors yellow black
and white
one of the characteristics they used to
help protect themselves is all
butterflies in a mehar turtles before I
even need a knife on dr. chan okay
so we're going to try to get everybody
does real well we're going to try to go
out to the turtle cleaning station I
call it the turtle carwash and that'll
be the furthest point where we go in the
base and what the turtle still want to
show you this they go to this one spot
see this picture here they go to this
one spot and the fish actually pick the
parasites and mucus and gunk off the
shell so the fish gets fed and the
turtle gets clean turtle car wash the
turtle car wash now couple things we
have to go over it they're protected
okay everybody listen up this is so
important the turtles are protected they
used to be endangered so you never ever
touch a turtle
it comes back yeah that's so cool
all right we're getting suited up little
baby fuzzy found bean beans or beads
yeah thanks for the amazing nose it'll
make this boy that's so cool I am cool
baby gonna have some things our they
stop very cool
oh thank you look at the la Mesa's area
so cool that is cool we put them in the
bag and they are like hollow-sounding
okay so this is where we put the camera
away I do believe that Jimmy is filming
on a GoPro possibly and that will be a
probably on rock your hairs YouTube yeah
like that rock your hairs YouTube's of
like some bonus footage you guys might
want to go check that out I don't know
when it'll be up but maybe we'll put a
link in there so you guys can sign it
find it our whole group is almost ready
our other halves over here
you
we made it back I hope you'll be able to
check out some of the GoPro footage
because it was pretty amazing we saw
what eels sea turtles lots of fish
unicorns a uniform fish okay and we're
back and we're eating a snack they have
been kind enough to provide waters and
the best pineapple you have ever eaten
probably probably like it drops soft and
it's juicy and it's delicious and of
course we get out of the water and we
spray this stuff because our hair is all
nasty apparently our tour guide uses
this stuff and we didn't even know it
was so funny I don't know we are but
we're waiting other people to get here
and roll shop so everybody's everybody
shopping again doughboys for everything
to do talking not going shopping okay
okay we're going to go eat and then I
don't know what to do your dryer on why
are you guys so quiet or you know we are
driving back that's better thank you
enthusiasm oh we had some fish talking
Judy and grace will get a good high
squash I want to come up here with you
again bang disco polo
Hayden and I are going to watch a movie
we don't know about her cook she's tired
and then we're going to go okay we are
headed down to the beach and is applying
sunscreen like a responsible child who
got paid
we've got rush we've gotten Hayden and
we've got hey Lee hailey you got to put
some sunscreen on your face you've got
the rest
keep it holding it for you oh geez
going to fly away no Annie's got it the
fun screen Paige and I are planning on
taking a nap down here while the others
okay I'll say well the others play oh I
thought I did actually I feel like you
might have hi arrived oh good you have
fun snorkeling yeah me too Tardos yes we
did
you're so much taller than me and like
logging from up here oh yeah rub a lot
in you don't want to get burned we
thought we had enough the other day on
we didn't so we're going to reapply and
Rafi we're only coming down for like an
hour hour and a half probably won't need
to reapply but we want to make sure we
are lathered up it was normal so normal
under chin see waves are way bigger than
they were like one just washed Aidan up
I don't have you thought like they had
boogie boards over there but they were
thinking so I think it was like for him
whaling went crazy
you can't go out for the light there's
so many people out there though gone son
we're headed up a shower page is saying
for a little while while y'all jump in
the shower for the first time we got to
stay and do the sunset I don't think
we're all gennady for dinner what do you
watch ready wearing oh um it has got
light sure I like beautiful dresses
disaster look Jessie better when you
read
I'm almost finished - literally you guys
Thank You Pfeifer literally this
was a major difference they should've
just hi Sandy hurry so literally this
was a conversation and he puts on our
clothes and I said yeah I said oh my god
Anna you look so cute and Paige goes yes
she does now I'm changing so I can look
cute to your clothes sorry
I give me your foot don't let them
come over they didn't you go to the
bathroom good not fast you got really
tight jeans on are you guys a trouble is
you're wearing
what's rush or oh yeah hey good Oh
pulled it down it's kind of short but I
don't know if we're going to a fancy
dinner
it's cute thank you
you never even look through the picture
no honey mouths what
that's Billy a mr. Jimmy no like a
father should hey Jimmy
and this okay for dinner and just your
everything
what's wrong did you get your cereal
you're not Oh daddy does no you didn't
even got that you're not wearing this
would you come on this is awkward
Thanks that's your business you totally
lose again you put your manager back on
after your shower door key is kid all
right I'm gonna get dressed now
do you want to walk to the store with
them
sure sure come here can you blame us
double to level 10 as hell right now we
are on our way to dinner bar now wait a
minute on that wait minute on our way to
dinner
on our way to dinner dinner trained
specifically with Turkey turkey Turkey
turkey Turkish America so mean check you
tell me
chugga chugga chug it the older chug
chug chug chug chug chug that's that was
our show I was gonna tag on my Play chug
a ticket sure get a cup now we're going
up the stairs
the Wicked Witch is doing okay guys back
in the room
after a long day
pain is outside probably talking to
Curtis the whole time I thought she was
laughing and he want some - like where's
Kate I'm like in the bathroom and she
went in there like now she was a dinky
talking to her little boyfriend
let's coast let's go see before we do a
question of the day Hayley's asleep or
snow bit up in the bed what you doing I
knew it hi Curtis I thought you were
facetiming him in the bathtub like you
were doing in Toronto I think she's
probably in a bathtub
Aikman Curtis I didn't
yeah he's back in we have an early day
in the morning because tomorrow we're
going ziplining Hailey's crashed already
question of the day questions today
nobody else think of it I always think
of them quit pretending to be asleep
hmm it's we go to bed so earlier it's
9:30
yes I want oatmeal so bad
ok question of the day what's your
favorite thing to eat for breakfast
Annie that's where you answer the
question and go help your boat we forgot
what are you doing huh what are you
doing mixing potato who's potato I new
potato I was right you forgot me nothing
I don't like breakfast I don't what if I
had river but yes mac and cheese
Chipotle no if I had to eat breakfast I
want a Krispy Kreme donut
wait I answer no way then Haley would I
enjoy Haley would choose mini pancakes
um I'm not based it like I like big
breakfast I like fruit pastries like a
muffin or croissant like when we're
getting oatmeal in the morning something
like that like yes big steak and eggs I
will eat some steak morning all right my
friend
um that's a wrap on today like we said I
believe that Jimmy got some footage
underwater footage go check out rock
your hairs YouTube channel because
they're vlogging this too
Jimmy does a pretty good job pretty good
pretty good see you tomorrow bright and
early same time as yesterday 6:30 in the
morning we got to be down there ha ha
mm-hmm
that's why we're underhand I get it oh
yeah bye see you tomorrow
always remember to celebrate life
ah based on baby
thanks for watching
tailee
