time for what can be the difference
between last night and this morning they
were also live well Paige was so hyper
last night and now she's quiet we just
gotta make her sleep mommy oh it's
morning morning wake-up time cameras go
on in the morning Haley the morning
person
do you remember when you wouldn't get up
and I would do the mosh pit when you
jump on me dad no bhabhiji to charge
Michael are is Annie's funny in the
morning that's her best work in the
morning what you say a second ago so
earlier boom oh I owe ya I said if Andy
comes snuggled me she goes no but I
think there's something else you said so
today we thought it was snorkeling today
but it's not
snorkeling later tonight as a luau well
think we're shopping and relaxing until
then so stay tuned for another Hawaii
adventure so we left the hotel room like
five minutes after them but we beat them
not going to happen I know she just
testing it out
we're drooling over the like you and I
like the handle on it
what's wrong with it I just like I don't
yeah just a lily though huh because I
wouldn't buy a bigger one cuz I wouldn't
check it I wouldn't want to check a
little higher check bags yeah so there
you go I like I'd like to hand a lot oh
you always check them be careful with
that cause not a toy she needs this for
her makeup Haven that she has this form
a comeback
strike a pose girls it sometimes makes
you sleep you didn't strike a pose we
have to have Louise sunglasses or sums
on Russell okay you have sunglasses on
top of your head so you win I say those
are oh yeah so awesome are you doing
more shopping now we've got a souvenir
shop so this is like more of something
we can find under your nose what well I
know how to get out of yours you can
always walk in the grass we don't walk
in the grass we try to stay on the path
and not cut through we're picking out
flower tail are you getting a flower
yeah I just evolved you
and will be much your shopping cart if
you can fit it in there I can get in
yell get it
Bing Bing the boys are binding lu l
shirt but they realize it was the same
pattern so they're not doing that I like
the color cuz we're going to a luau
tonight
so that's aggressive super rough that
could work
it's a little do it but total try it on
first can I help you fair yeah it's like
a sample okay am i embarrassing you
what flavor with it which one
globba what are you going to get little
thing great putting it and he'll know
yet ha so happy this small and what's
all this noise that sounds delicious
this is smell Wow when they have that
actor there it's myself that big yeah we
all what did you get that oh I don't
like oh is this the same thing how how
in the world and that's what is in
heaven over there like a extra extra
smooth this is no it's okay
that is the good pretty little say right
on your sharing that is dead is very
talent my soul goes out if you want it
just plain great sound off the wall oh
you did it die probably it play is
flavored buddy thank you you know that
much
so we got a surprise Nicole had some
lady hook us up with fading Conrad swim
wild these are my god cute look at
hunger and saw ghosts oh that is so cute
Oh what colour sari anything you gotta
find your side she has yours the highway
said we don't know that for sure your
size Annie there's a new a model daily
tomorrow oh my gosh there's one
and we're like mid getting ready for the
luau in our bathing suits Cayman oh
those are cute let me see this a hailey
yeah hailey like them that is so cute
we are going to look good tomorrow in
our snorkel adventure oh all right
we are low already Hailey's putting her
flower in and it's completely ready just
like right on the front like on the side
yep seems that works we can fix it soon
when we get down there we're heading
down to go take pictures on the beach I
think the daddy already leave without us
I know he's probably always waiting he's
always waiting on Bri for girls so
Oh Oh my phone I thought I had
everything so where where are you oh
yeah it was in the bathroom when we were
getting ready last-minute touches all
right sorry my I was myself for a mess
an absolute mess they're all waiting on
us I think all right let's start walking
let me see your outfit as we walk lu l
outfit she went to go grab something but
we're just gonna walk slowly she'll
catch up I want to go get my flower for
my hair we could be too steep each to
take pictures I forget all right there
very good Moony teacher sunglasses rock
music oh good yeah matches your dress
but where I put it
like right there all right next time we
should go up further there daddy you
can't miss them in that Hawaiian shirt
that's the work shirt when he decided on
we can't really see it that's the one
you guys thought he'd end up with no she
chose it up so we're all here nothing
weird that's Hawaiian Haley what did he
get for his youngest - oh yeah he
dressed up and leopard alike records
archivist get online
and what they're capable of boom
actually might leave it I'm sick of
those cute melody stall no one jumped
for Jeb did somebody push the button at
Lee nope all right guys
the way normally goes everybody look up
so pretty the sand hot Wow
we're going to take the pictures out
here doesn't get much for our Phoenix
and then we're headed to the rural all
right my friends we're about to go into
the luau
a little buddies are happening right now
they're handing things out I don't know
what we're about to go find out Aloha
now we're finally going in getting a
desperate act going to be here yes yes
thank you for answering my questions
Jews blacks al Brooke no I haven't
gotten one yet
I'm vlogging all right I'll make this
one I don't know why
that was normal thank you oh I just
touched it
well I'm done yeah then I'm like that
right I know I played like a number one
yeah no no I bit my arm okay I'll keep
it really clean okay look I don't know I
can't tell they all look so cool I
started a new trend okay ah cool you're
not married are you married or single my
dear I'm single okay
right haha
hey Deva doesn't like a big old Katie
was not enjoying them
then full of together we are containers
amman or don't know like salsa or like
mommy Lani salmon you get hailey purple
bread we're at the books in the bay line
hoi my vein is cool like whatever I'm
okay
what's another one eh I don't even know
okay fine
I mean I gotta know what name is
yeah
hahaha
Oh
Wow
okay while a Ameria well au is pretty
darn amazing
all right
Oh
ha ha
the lighting looks good on you our
Hawaiian Highness is most kind of the
backyard just pose if there is must be
hot or real in drive down there oh yeah
also we can say finally made it done Lee
I do a good person here I don't do that
defensive end you're going to be those
up now you know got it you've got to be
the thumbnail that I'm perfect
did he want to do this basically my
entry or walking back from a luau it was
amazing I think we found the farm of
frogs I don't know if it's really a farm
but I just called it a farm they're
peeing so if you don't want phone Oh
bummer
yeah I know my guys I can I really did
you ever put your cheap on that doesn't
after the gig where the guys give me
good that pig was good that's crazy
that is so crazy everybody had to get
really good gibberish I didn't I thought
gibberish was made up I had no idea I
was greatly weakened for any children
and again this is all of the goods from
the Google to hear it you know to get
them to get up get Chris Camozzi like
Africa so really means what that I love
you too
and head make it good language in the
ones I hope you're right Roger an
awesome friend because I did no
gibberish with a rose anyway yeah okay
guys just look listen get a go by the
guys again or the he's just galas got
resolved
go ahead gear to the gawking boner go
buy a knee gel hypothesis oh my goodness
Hawaii equals sunburn whoo hopefully our
envelope burn will turn in Japan I'm not
sure I also screwed my eye and that
hurts really bad like my eyes burning
anyways I'll have more on your face
about our shoulder sort of cases I
didn't burn on my shoulder and it was
the same amount of time to adjust my
face okay so question today is red or
blue because I'm inspired by those
pictures right it's not like a little
mixer will be removal ooh um don't
forget to go over down below because we
want to know the question today is red
or blue hi guys see tomorrow we'll
always remember to celebrate life based
on steak babe
thanks for watching Chris Haley
