we're getting ready for the concert so
what's going on right now is we've added
a playlist a nice set cuz a nice set is
getting bigger and bigger so we put it
in a playlist in the order that she's
about to perform she's gonna sing she
hasn't done little do you know in a wild
she's never done somebody's heart we're
adding that today so basically all her
songs she's doing today well she's not
doing fly but that's are they all
originals except little do you know that
you're doing today I'm just like
realizing this yeah so flies a cover and
she got one she says that she wanted to
drop she dropped that one a long time
ago not that we don't love that song
just it's a great song okay hey lead in
the bathtub
Annie's doing her makeup and we are
literally just listening over and over
and over to her songs since we don't
want her to forget the lyrics
she's never performed you're doing thick
songs so we're just gonna listen to
these six a couple times and hopefully
that's gonna help her today so that's
your update just wanted to show you what
was going on
working here I started blow-drying it
while Annie was finishing her makeup and
was like I'll do it she wants it
straight and she won full piggy tail
like paved it so I'm gonna try to
recreate do you want him lower and what
you want the front hanging down again so
first we're gonna straighten it I know
then Annie wants hers down with some
curl what big curls or tight curls and
then brush it through our eyes
so you want loose curls that you brush
through do you want me to use the big
barrel like I have this barrel
this is the medium this is the one you
like and just do him loose okay got it
we're gonna just get with little ways
that's the plan
daddy's calling all right we got the
blow dryer on
we'll be back we're gonna finish getting
ready it's hard to do while I'm filming
and we're ready Haley outfit of the day
okay have these from I don't know Zara I
believe have this from abruptly yeah the
top from forever 21 is from justice
yes the jackets from justice had my hair
from when I was born in my jacket
checkered from my fans boo I mean foots
hair by mummy and makeup mommy I already
said that well I mean I did I styled it
and Annie did the makeup Annie know the
jacket is from guess I don't know the
shirt might be hmm nope the jeans are
black just black or something I don't
know where we got them black and
Timberland shoes
we're ready to rock feels DC la la
somewhere in LA Green's from Pandora and
Francesca all right we're ready to go
everybody's wearing their rock your hair
uniforms we just decided that rocking
her uniform is some form of black and
ripped jeans or tight jeans skinny jeans
like it's just how it is any color any
color denim leather yes we did hair down
today Haley did with I recreated Paige's
style from the last rock at her concert
but we lowered it all right
we're walking out the door now I know I
don't even need herself
Hey Nakul she's gotta get she's got to
get the stuff we design we just signed
the radical Rakhi a rockin out the door
we rock so we just signed the rest of
the a lot so now you guys this picture
in a picture of bang yeah
look at this person very creative this
girl has come to every one of them or
most of them and what she does is she
brings a picture that she gets signed
and then she prints another another
picture and we just signed that and
we're gonna give it to her because she's
gonna be here today right all right here
we go stage and I have a few special
guests okay
okay pick a random person
I'm so sorry if I don't pick you I'm
gonna kick oh you have to celebrate life
loves I mean so I have a question are
you excited for the show
yeah what's your favorite animal panda
what's your favorite color what's your
name Kennedy Kennedy thank you for
answering my questions nice to be
Fawcett's hi thank you guys for actually
being nice and actually saying hi to me
and we're at soundcheck Haley did you
announce that
this one
Micah
this is why we do soundcheck you guys we
got to work out all these little kinks
Mike's not working but we were getting
it all figured out tonight I turn her
mic off yes good thinking so we're
switching her mic much right little
things again
no that would be that out there okay
perfect and hold the mic closer to your
mouth
what are your names my friends live
we'll enjoy the show thanks for coming
Lauren I'm Kennedy Morgan and Angelina
and we start out
yes Maddy thank you for coming
I'm fine thank you no I'm just standing
here by myself no friends I'm kidding
they're right I just understand even
right here I just finished the
meet-and-greet at my favorite but we
have friends I'm not lonely so yeah
right
Haley
these two are getting pumped oh it's
going they're going there
I think Hayden is next rookie
Annie's not ready to go onstage Annie
don't you think you need to get the
microphone in noon she's got three more
songs
okay it's time to the question of the
day we are tired we have so much to do
actually we don't just tired so we're
gonna do the question of the day
hello Annie you tired to a night say hi
hello okay so the question of the day is
what's your favorite snapchat filter
mine is like fire thing what is this
bump mines and why the bump on my mind
like new one like the fire oh the fire
one okay oh yeah I love that
okay so don't forget to call me down
below because we wanna I want to know
the question of the day is what's your
favorite snapchat by number to celebrate
based on baby
thanks for watching
for tailee
