for Miami first breakfast in Hawaii you
just heard the Maki Maki is bringing it
nothing all right so sleeping beautiful
view they just worked out they didn't
take a camera good morning also deposit
outside would be so good I know there's
so many bags on the way we're going to
be you don't know my voice is like too
early
so it's 7:00 in the morning getting this
day started early what it's 7:00 here
it's it's 1041 la and where we came from
in Toronto it's 141 so as you say we're
not really going to get started that
early I feel like it's lunch
I just like I feel like yeah I could eat
some lunch right now but alright so we
have a Cabana today we can literally
beach and pool all day which is what we
did half day and then the next days are
like full of excursions and I think
we're doing a luau later it's going to
be super fun up now I don't think so and
a beach photo shoot later yeah in the
week I know it's gonna be so fun oh my
gosh Katie that the best breakfast ever
was all right first a little breakfast
hmm what's so good we literally had our
favorite things like on a plate
oh my god oh that's p.m. cakes ready
Harris I'm a breakfast person like that
might be my favorite meal
cuz I'm the hungriest and breakfast like
that oatmeal is so so good with a brown
sugar close your hand
a little pillow oh yeah you're surfer
girl you got to go right on right on
alright commissioner baby to sonogram in
the school of eat yeah should I wear
makeup
I'm not our full face huh full face to
prefer pictures and why don't I do
workout and your brother discuss some
wooden distance would disguise we
snuggle last night oh no like oh that's
awkward getting bullion yeah what is in
your teeth look smile horrible I look
now these morning oh you're pretty
flower fell out we have neighbors fear
and disk I wind know we know our
neighbors of Sun no firewall yeah we
know our neighbors with a bird there's a
bird on her little balcony gonna eat our
food the phones and Rylan right I wanted
or seven hours warmer Katie its water
purse I've been in the pool what like
weight getting your pain phone break
because of yours it was into seven that
right oh it was hot no that was hard for
me to read you like kids are water
ah like now alright well we're out of
whole clearly anyone's also paid like
you have friends coffee wine in right
now no don't
it scares me it scares me alright I
guess it's not working hold your phone
zero but yo it's lunchtime here and hold
what they just got out of lazy river
they went live how's your head we tell
the vlog what happened remember mama
mama
Annie hit her head she thought it was
what it was deeper than it was and we
shoulder and had her scrape and Hailey's
shivering I'm gonna have to go find her
a towel
Annie first one maybe first like a big
bug bite and then I've got that shoulder
ever my friend trust
chicken fingers here you go
wanna reach oh look at that Kyle Bosch
you know he's my knight no edible
necklace I gave and she wasn't any
cheese in the little uh thing I think
you scared I was mine right now he's
pretending to the sleep getting an e I'm
skittle have on right now alright now
I'll insert a clip
it's actually just a picture from the
footage from two days ago in the music
video how scared hated be so scared over
this wall
we're just hanging out in our hotel room
because we all got too much Sun and
we're overheated and we're going to go
to dinner a little later but we're just
kind of maybe take a nap too bad that I
didn't bring a waterproof camera because
we were out there for a little while but
I think Jimmy got some footage of some
boogie boarding that Hayden rushed it so
you can go check that out but it might
not be up for a while because it takes
them a little while to get footage up no
offense Jimmy and Jimmy and Hayden she's
gonna punch you
we already taking your shoes off I don't
know get your hair the phone bitchy
we're Dean doing bitching we're not
doing dong ditching strangers oh yeah no
don't give your parents to the next door
wait Oh customers to pay rent but now
how do you see a door is open oh good
you two do
why not anymore yeah just like theirs
awesome
I heard you didn't do that well no see
how long does I like something you just
like slam the door just like no we were
so confused ago and it came out like a
thing is going in mom's room you don't
get them no not not yet I should I
should you kicked it open it
hi we're being really immature so you
know we're bored
okay guys I'm not a good morning for a
second I'll
good morning everyone where it isn't
will go to the same place I bet you
wouldn't say I'm not gonna say you
really gonna like we're not so right now
we're heading down to dinner
eight o'clock so like if watching for
the Betty temperature ever like I'm
really like you can write this you can
wear long sticks and you dig totally
find it crazy so now I bought my hand
earlier so now we're going down to eat
from there everybody in all the cameras
out come on Jimmy
oh crap alright I guess all picking
peanuts are in I get it real Michael I
think we've got a whole elevator covered
with cameras every angle great so right
now I'm Dylan is going to take over
since what I what you guys doing okay
okay guys so taking anything sausage how
am I going to back down you take apart
man I'm exhausted so we just ordered
dessert our dinner was really good we
ate a bunch of foreign and seafood
yells be alright we are done with dinner
it was good we're exhausted we're headed
back we're going to do question of the
day when we get to the hotel room we
can't think of one right now I know it
we lost like for 10 minutes so she's
going to make it in bed and we're good
we're into question today
what's our deed of today we didn't
really do that we're gives a little kid
on i-5 that you're really good at
guessing my file I did you smile how
could you son
they have to be they have to see you in
smile back
well I'll sit on smiley what if we gave
what if would we need to remember to do
this more oh I know what I did I went
and got floaties for Haley when I did
huh how I got Haley's for I wanted to
sound like Haley I went get floaties for
Haley and Brooke morning I gave some
because koifish yeah I guess employs
fish food so I bet they are pretty happy
about that that's one all right we'll go
back to you with the question of the day
guys when Katie can help us because he
always helps us the question of the day
is what's your favorite dance move
yeah running man without the whole
running man sjg look I love your pajamas
Haley oh that works you stick thing I
love your baby look at my fedora
take them off
Paige why do so hyper I don't know I'm
sorry I'm just I'm tired I was almost
asleep to be remember look Franklin
answers page is not
wanna look wait lipstick from there you
have two left
why are you sorry
this is why Paige is great because I'm
getting a foot massage out of this okay
it's good bonus page complete you're
welcome okay I just want to say that's
good I feel the need
Paige is not drunk if she doesn't drink
Janie
I know so I just wanted them to know we
want something on people's life I just
what everybody know this is just her all
right guys see you tomorrow
always remember to celebrate life based
on stage oh babe
thanks for watching Chris Haley
