time for what kami yeah good morning
everybody
are you ready to go to Hawaii huh oh my
gosh we're going to make another mix of
not eating the Apple 2 pie
I think our car just got here all right
already yeah right on time we're eating
a little breakfast all the bags are
packed
we have like a crew of 15 people going
to Hawaii by crew I don't mean like
camera crew I mean friends and family if
an egotist tells you this is how I'm
going to be filming Carly way down here
so I'm gonna be that person up here like
let's guesstimated height I don't even
know I think a question I went on
digging at suitcases fine wood but now
it's like five nine what are you right
now I've gained by surviving okay here
we go by fun while you're doing it I'm
sure we will here's playing hi Leah
cyborg love you back plug it oh my god
hi just checking to make sure I got my
other bag it's not in there so I got
someone have it what check make sure all
the bags are oh yeah everything so half
the crew is here and half the crew is
meeting us at the airport those are nice
shoes let's go thing was good
they're new we got them in Toronto it's
the rock your hair sweatshirt really
it's going to have its going to have
what we go save now we rocks on it
assholes
yeah this is a demo oh I'll let you wear
this one here we have is you ready
look police about trying to have
inovative isolated nickel returned home
i gligar reminder calendar yeah ponytail
oh you get it in yeah Haley's in there I
don't wanna feeling really going a
Brooke
alright we are rearranging seat
assignments for me yeah we're going to
put Haley Brooke in here with us and
Nicole's gonna go in the other car here
they come we got the cool kids car oh
yeah I am so excited
oh can we just get there now I can't
even believe it like right now I'm not
even going to mind the plane ride I'm
just going to take it all in and looking
forward to it I have gotten not so much
- lately I caught up monthly I went to
bed at 8:30 laughing are you gonna later
did you walk up I could pack my person
ya ain't got front or rush
once-shuttered okay perfect
everybody's in literally just like me we
really did is it just Michael in Nicole
and the other partner Oh sweetheart I
just graduated scarlet doesn't
I think I'd wrinkles what is it my big
Stanford Sorbonne okay I feel it's empty
there's no all her gel nails out this
way I just ended up in the water below
and then the last it was full but I just
saying it oh my god it's like I'm
driving on develop as an agent
am i okay
no not my nothing exudes a little meadow
like five minutes to realize when I know
it was a filament yeah look it's all of
the bottom okay but no the bad part I
drink a lot of them because I was joking
to water oh my god not you said okay
thank you
you can take the paper off face is
busted
I just right now fingernail yeah oh my
gosh
I tried peeled nail peel you might have
different why me
so recap page did not we checked in they
did not give her a seat number give it
to her box from your baby yeah Hawaii
infection air tomorrow
what's up baby are we going to call the
airliner every airline likewise your
model yeah we are here imagine Walker on
what you're getting two hours but the
old about your cancer
I love any other ballad don't eat people
oh alright we are about to board
well Michael laughing at you who's
frightening Davis oh there's a little
scary
no one sitting next to each other like
we're all spread across the plains
yeah cool I know they've got deep
together we've got everybody here and
I'm sorry because I know like we're all
a spread across the play it's okay you
and Dillon together actually genuine
friend you're golden
right who did they pay and who do I need
to pay that's lucky
that's not fair so the ladies working on
getting us together by was going to
happen I'm sure your look pages okay to
have seats with my children yes so thank
you just the dot small intestine has
for a while hey guys being next to here
am I sitting next to Michael oh we're
going 28 so we have total area to into
holiday roses yeah yeah yeah put the
girls together I am 22 gonna see my home
when we get on the plane we'll figure it
all out but right now at least you have
somebody to sit back in Los Angeles here
and yeah it's a good thing
we are finally on the plane everybody is
been murdering me I was stressed out oh
it was like like we thought you are not
going so hopefully all the stresses are
taking away we go to Hawaii I'll be so
relaxing but I just can't wait to plane
ride is over
and we are done so do so yeah Brooke and
Amy are sitting together Paige and I are
sitting together mommy and daddy are
some more
all right guys it is up now and we are
about to learn in two long weeks exile
yeah but are you in a picture like when
we come off the planer we get I like to
step out on the land and
Persis favor for he walked our efforts
by reaching the top of a different
optical image can be played by the time
you don't have Forks or ease baggage
weight - oh my gosh look at this are
y'all ready for this are already look at
that view look at that right when you
walk out what was the first thing you
want to do
I'm going to just ask them to what the
main character rescued a rat
sorry I missed the sign or a mouse or a
snake you guys we've probably said this
like four times already but we're in
Hawaii I watched three movies on the
plane or for the time you watch one oh
my goodness feel the breeze we're about
to go get whatever vehicle that I'm not
sure in there :
all right
thank you so much well I am kind of
jealous of those actually these are
pretty real
I know I open for you my thank you for
something
thank you for having us why did you had
to be at 7 swimming oh oh you are going
to have so much fun you're never going
to leave next yes from swimming pools
the swimming pool to swimming pool Haley
let's just go home
i'm luciene here when I grow up okay you
should make that go down you know what
that's the way to do it we just said
have hired we were at hotels but I don't
think we're tired of this hotel new
hairstyles and coloring are the big kids
coloring too okay so I thought that's
what I bought oh no they're playing
tic-tac-toe we're sitting down for our
first meal together
but we have 16 people
these kids anywhere
you get straw oh I don't have you heard
her sending a straw to suck it which
coach who touch Luke me a straw to suck
it up buttercup
oh right Hawaiian room door my friends
literally like a cop if the other one
yeah we would be changed in the summer
all because there ever was ready though
it's a joining at the door that's
awesome let's go look at the view y'all
if you is amazing Oh breakfast out here
oh my gosh hey miss president oh no I
love it
oh my gosh all right let's get down
that'd be just calling our name the full
Bo
I love Russia's energy yeah you guys
it's Hawaii most of us have never been
most of our group of 16 really living on
over the line I know we have not he came
for work one time doesn't count I know
which it's in the middle of like a
little moat I got the moat surrounded
first half right here I know they should
make a walking path to seduce your son
oh she is scared of thunder I don't
think it's going to funder I think it's
going to blow over I think is just oh
yeah
we get guys over and oh not that one not
that one
I thought you meant the other one that
was the wrong one Oh wrong one
yes we have made it down overnight I owe
y'all they're in the water
officially oh my gosh you guys the water
is perfect it's salty well I should just
not even have my cover a bottle
guys I'm taking a chance here at the
block cameras you better give me some
good footage here
wave to the camera do something Thank
You Brett thank you Andy
come on Billy so he's done cool right
silhouettes are you think up yes thank
you Hayden oh that's good that's good
footage yeah Turner hunter for the win I
don't think it gets much better than
this
got the plan okay trouble
our central today UNITA offer what do
you guys do agree to the mega kick out
of resort kind of polite don't get
kicked out of Hawaii sting - far ahead
thank you yeah dude on the last day I
know and now we're in Hawaii rush gave
me to look like turn the camera on so oh
there was lightning it's so pretty all
right oh what a saver ever made we need
him get out if we're going up oh that's
not thunder she's banged up are you
scared
I don't like you're scared I don't first
all right so we're gonna head in and
they're gonna hang and the grown-ups
we're gonna go to the hot tub and it's
gonna be amazing
Oh Brooke the sleep Oh Oh what they call
Santa parents night and the kids had a
kids night
well kids in Michael Knight nor if you
mungus frog we daddy caught well you did
how I for everywhere I know they're huge
me hungry page alright so let's just go
straight into the question today because
you know I'm tired and I want to wrap it
up because we got a long day tomorrow
question of the day who's your favorite
cartoon character inspired by Haydn sure
cuz he's got an ink bug bottom who's
your favorite cartoon character
like you you're no cigarettes anywhere
no Pegasus let one need to do how about
all those like that like that you know
groups like that 100 Acre Woods guys we
need the pieces it's almost like the
whole big would brush you have to answer
oh you're watching the room love Bernie
Bugs Bunny hey be control and Patrick
it's nice punch all the ashramites
alright guys you don't want comment down
below your favorite cartoon character
and we're sitting in a Cabana all day
tomorrow
should be fun always remember to
celebrate life thanks for watching Chris
Haley
