time for what cami good morning my
friends I know it's not a very
comfortable it is a great morning but it
is early morning
it is literally Thielen wearing got a
knee up about 15 minutes ago
what why did you shake your sillies 15
no she hasn't believe me so we're up
primarily to shoot a music video and
then kind of when we started
what kinda there I know it's about five
five of I this yeah oh then you have
been up for 30 minutes because I got
shield is awful for you guys so we're
starting this process of getting her
music video ready and then we're heading
out to the location to stay tuned to
find out and get a little
behind-the-scenes I think the plan is to
get this music video up ASAP so you guys
aren't going to have to wait like
there's no like like last time we were
waiting for a rock your hair to concert
and this time we're just waiting for the
edited video so I think this is going to
get out soon so I don't think you have
to wait too long for the behind there
for the the reveal here we are all the
dumpling oh
and they can sit in here water surprise
well they're going to see where we are
have to film something and he's all
about secrets there's horses oh yeah I
don't think that'd give too much away
farm don't look good this is beautiful
like a fancy
so pretty see you guys like these little
hints right gives you guys something to
look forward to so you can tune in to
the music video that comes out and
what's three times yeah and please watch
it three times ten comment down below
how many times you watch the first video
little do you know-know sir whoever can
watch it as I don't know how we would
keep track of that but that would be a
cute contest don't so second so just
watch it again just watch little do you
know while you're waiting for the fun
yeah
Hayden agrees do you love it mr. Jamie
do good look at the rock Christmas movie
I know I wish well he don't like it oh
the Christmas tree I didn't show in
there everything I put it all on my
thumb for you
you guys'll certainly as on alright a
little behind the scenes going on some
of the rest of the crew showed up
Hailey's here now seeing new gadgets on
danger that's that is a great shot
I'm a little bit of a sucker for gadgets
so we're at some filming going on over
here a little sneak peek I'll let you
see pages fixin hi boys
I know there's some crazy cars my eyes
I'm just beautiful like I am disabled
but we're going to call it a farm but I
guess it's more called stable just want
to know what you're whispering about
pretty cars that's a pity whoa oh you
know about the video alright this is a
harmony yeah what is this one thing
isn't a fancy sapphire name but where
all your amazing
oh there we blew there oh oh I think
lose me
Carlos is saying Silas is an amazing
this is Coco hey here's the star of the
video shoot the horse hmm
you guys thought I was talking about
Hayden and you said there's a star of
the video shoot and you ready they're
ready for you as I found out my god I'm
tired
superbee well you need a like I owe it
all yeah okay chopsticks all right Haley
what are we doing to your hair we want
to brush it out and get you ready jump
off you look tired
you want to straighten you guys soon we
get an e ready we can start on you
straight curl Haley took over the
wardrobe and she's now wearing this what
a dress that many everybody can wear
this dress pretty right fit this
everyone so she's wearing it and we're
going to go do some pictures the outfit
change
I'm gonna go vlog Hayden on the horse
brush footage look at this beautiful
horse a little behind the scenes guys
like I want to say something with an
accent I don't want to embarrass myself
get a little less of nerve and up all
right now we need wardrobe change fourth
time number four don't get to see all of
it where are you putting the corner
today
no be up in two days but it doesn't
you're not you're not
I'm just showing some little funny bleep
of what I will draw the hair everything
those few days I'm going to do if we're
doing a little fishtail this is a
horseback riding outfit right okay you
guys first everyday everyday Russian all
right fine like a kind of buddies
and what we've done at me this year oh
you all right but when I do my finishers
yeah really yeah yeah that will make it
go better so she's getting ready to get
on the horse for the first time today
today tougher than ever oh she has took
stuff her phone out of my pocket
Oh weird all right never ridden they do
you want the issues now yeah well no to
get on the horse when I'm getting on
them okay
we had our foot start breaking out again
an itching so that was a little dramatic
few minutes ago
I don't know how grasscloth what how did
you put this like lifeline oh okay okay
I'll give you that I thought you didn't
notice that you had spots at all I
noticed no piggy pig-pig dog dog dog I
know that office Bob okay
I just wanted don't let him bite your
fingers mate ready and can I have
someone drew no your honey of a J around
your rug like this really feathered your
Apple is kind of like a yeah well what I
are saying out there I get it though
dragon oh yeah yeah buddy
because I won't let him bite your
fingers off well let him bite into the
candy did
oh look at that I know about that I'm
sorry did you want to veining filming
like I'm like he's good as long as
you're in front of yeah he's beautiful
Oh love babe who doesn't love Paige
though I mean come on I swear okay I'm
gonna be upset about that Curtis you
better watch out there's a cutie in
Jesus look at all this wood equipment I
have this legit
so hot
hey Hayden oh hey Annie
so are you hungry I actually come hungry
but are you tired are you happy to look
like pieces huh the wrong alright guys
so we are about the drama club let me
wrap it up for the video we have one
more move one more and then work off
we've been going since I've done or it's
four o'clock now I was getting into
12-hour day for clothes won't get there
till 9:00 okay it's four o'clock at the
hood and for a call coming up since 5:00
it's open up pretty 45 oh alright so
yeah I just the last thing and we're
going to go eat so we Darla and Hayden
and not all my best friends ah no
amazing much better and now we're going
to fight over him
our cue to show you I bet
why should I sing on the cameras okay
punchable please no point where you
going to slap them all yes that's a wrap
I mean we already are home magic well to
the whole home big ones to me
we're wrapped we did it do 12 hours
later there's so much yeah you got
internet in the apartment regular dude
yeah so in that vein cable but more
importantly we go to Hawaii tomorrow
we're officially on vacation
hey I just had to point out I was the
first one to use a bathroom
congratulations can we go eat I'm
starving
I think somebody needs a serve me a
nanny we haven't stars of these water
hey little puppy blood guy in cages were
dry my hair cuz I'm too lazy
charity blow-dry danny's we are showered
clean oh we were so dirty any feeling
off or gel I know beige and Haley's bow
I'm not okay
they're definitely starting to tip my
hair yeah that's annoying
so in a little while we're going to do a
question today because I'm literally
about to fall asleep I pages one during
my hair like I'm not even kidding I
don't know the last time I've been this
fiery I know I have been a very soaked I
admit I know I just want to get those
events are so comfortable but look
you're not supposed to make your guests
feel comfortable so and they don't want
to know who ever liked you on that bed
in the apartment and perhaps we can just
stay here thank you all right so we're
going to do a question today in a few
minutes and just wrap up time Nicole if
you're watching my refugee watches allow
me Nicole say Allah
yeah no you can't can't yeah I really
need help making you guys in religion
afford to talk about daily because we
pay but it's crooked page it looks weird
putting on putting any makeup on at 5:00
in the morning her hair and makeup fix
it all up change her speak and then did
it for our time and the hot Sun and let
her rises up and let her stole by the
ground with it and then I went over 13
hours with her because I love her so you
were not there for 13 hours thank you
well because you left us fun cute I
can't feel that is that weird
I got insulation sick of moms crazy sit
out my daily deed which was shoes that
councils like 50 Annie is somehow mommy
oh hey what was your good deed or what
is what will be your good deed being
nice to me right now
is she not nice dude she's gonna be nice
to me right now
I was nice to you in your water
hey my phone complete your singing quit
and got your phone from upstairs what
was her daily GED job alias he didn't
even complain but I didn't carnations
it's a hobby good job Annie I did I said
you worked really hard today okay um
what's yours Katie Sam a juror file I
paid you can't feel it
we're gonna try to do better on the
daily D how we we just have to get in
the role and what what is it in the
swing of it come on Macleod of the day
no sorry man hang the side earth
okay favorite planet besides Earth
Saturn it put our planet I think they
said no then yesterday no no they won't
let you burn okay there you go we can
have it would you like a neediness nope
you got to pick one favorite other you
don't want to leave any mail hi Tony
and Pluto did I Neptune to mess with me
I saw bottom eight person animal cells
how did they add it somehow no don't
think so and I said I was in school they
add it what's your favorite pick between
Venus and Mars all right guys tomorrow
we are so excited well we'll probably
both sound more excited tomorrow when
we've gotten some sleep but we are
stoked to go to Hawaii I join us you
guys um the Hawaii vlogs are probably
gonna be amazing
I mean a message probably no so stay
tuned for that journey water
oh yeah be careful watch watch and join
us and like and subscribe and thanks for
watching
yes beautiful you thief male horse thief
we'll see you tomorrow comment down
below favorite planet besides earth love
you guys goodbye always remember to
celebrate life
ah based on take baby thanks for
watching Chris Haley
