time for what cami well this is one way
to be woken up you guys it is 4:00 in
the morning and there's an alarm going
off in the hall room I need shoes where
might have to evacuate in a second it'll
announce and they'll say there's an
emergency in the building standby
you'll miss you announcement gone off
first it said please stand by the
Toronto Police have been notified as
well and then in a second we're a little
I know listen
I think it's fine that was the all-clear
you guys I'm going to call them I was
like on a toilet or something
yeah and then the second announcement
like 10 min later it kept going off and
then the second one was yes and then it
said the second message was if there's
an emergency in the building is whatever
they're saying if it if conditions
permit please evacuate so Andy Andy
gathered she said why aren't you holding
us gentlemen and so we were about to
leave and then it just shut up now I'm
going to call the front desk and make
sure everything it and it would be
saying evacuate evacuate evacuate now
I'm calling I'm calling we're going to
dump down I promise you if they were
telling us to evacuate it would be
saying is actually event one in ours
maybe it just turned off all of a sudden
I know it's seriously literally for know
if you aren't sleep again we were
getting up at the same time we got up
yesterday all right let me find out
where this little but I'm sure
everybody's calling yes thank you like
that test me may I have your attention
here this is amazing
we are in litigation and the alarm of
the three and the date Magellan you
would scramble and later overload the
Bible Department is on the way are there
is no integrity maybe there is no
emergency
these are accommodating you know the
waiters are working we are particular
people my people I probably can't either
okay so we got the all-clear basement
the sprinklers a sprinkler what's going
on in my dream right now like I knew it
wasn't a good dream okay well that's one
way to start this morning only don't go
oh okay oh I just have a really loud
voice go isn't worth over get up in two
hours
but some of us might I'm going to try to
go back to bed you should try you
handing I'm pleased stuff like where's
all your stuff where is it all look Oh
God you've had time to gather that guy
guys we're gonna try to go back to sleep
and then we'll be up in two hours to I
mean I don't feel like I'm even packed
anymore you guys like rummage through
everything okay good night I did not say
there guys it's about five minute later
so where you wanted a you gonna make
caravans away that there's a speaker
right there so just be thankful it works
come on make the announcement
your attention please your attention
we're starting over has an alert
condition activated in the building that
you're on so Fire Services has been
notified please come and stand by for
further is so we're back about far he
announced their intention see your voice
we have any initial estimated in and
even night manager already about it
wasn't there is it going to be the same
thing just let's be patient and wait
with it just stand by it does not they
don't want us to leave stand by
all these people fly down there dinner
ok we just got them all Claire we're all
gonna try to go back to sleep for two
hours ready now I would like to be the
first to welcome you to a real good
morning yeah I see that we are here at
the airport saying goodbye to Toronto
we've got all of our luggage
cool it breaks when you stop pushing the
bar down kind of hard to do when you're
vlogging you want to push it I know I'm
just asking it's kind of fun yeah
all right so we are going to go and get
checked in and get through security
check in not chicken and we're probably
going to eat some some breakfast we
might eat some chicken
do they have chick-fil-a's in Canada or
that just I didn't either
all right here's the dreaded dreaded
check-in process at the airport okay yes
it's going to go super well I really
don't know where we're going
what do we do we gotta check in I feel
like is everybody going in there we go
here first this is different where do we
check our bags
apparently in Canada see stealth of a
knife first look that's gonna be those
things you have to do in yourself
so we don't order it I don't know even
we're following instruction have you
Norfolk use on yourself
alright what's the next heavy bag the
pink one can it help
so going back of course it's too heavy
they are making us work put a packer own
bag bag load area block make sure backup
and make sure nothing else is touching
it
we took some shoes out and it's going
alright I think your pink ones heavier
where we're working hard here this is an
adventure in itself alright Ida take we
took two and a half pairs of shoes out
of that bag it is pretty cool system
Haley you might wait please wait please
go oh we can get this one to go
yeah you might want it that tag might
have it in the way we're on a roll now
all right you guys we're down to our
last bag this is only taking us like
what 10 minutes
bye see it no you will go what keeps
happening I'm gonna be like see in LA
bags hopefully it's a cool system but
it's like it's yeah ok yay we did it
moving on to security ooh dreaded
security ready
we're experts on the you know we eat and
we haven't eaten breakfast yet so we are
we made it to the gate you can wait till
you're on the plane but it's going to be
alone wait up
so our bag all right you like I have a
disease all better
so are we the debate is we just went
there like a pre-check like through
customs so we're deciding like we're
trying to figure out if we have to go
through customs when we land in LA
because we basically went through
customs I don't know why it said pre
what is a pre preclearance that was a
lot of clearance you have to please take
your medicine so you don't get all
queasy on the plane tension how's the
breakfast breakfast panini Haley that
good huh here all right so we have a
five-hour flight we got some snacks
chocolate popcorn Doritos
go first his elevators that you can make
see after that cause if you fall she
plays in fast motion to call back
like
I don't like it
some is
ah
that's great
not climbing
take offs make me so nervous
this is the cool thing about these
elevators yeah it told you to see the
hotel and stuff but it's cool to like
see how elevators work that's the
counterweight there's the elevator so as
the elevator comes down the
counterweight goes off and vice-versa so
if you're in an elevator and you see
that it has a weight limit that's why
and this is the pond I showed you guys
from upstairs
a little Cloe in it and I didn't realize
from the elevator but it also has
turtles in it these little guys will
come right up to eat he's like oh if
it's my big moment
no cool
we've got our huge
Oh
he's a good pilot yeah he's like stupid
person new is like internet Internet
tonight yet us without all the paper
roll thing anymore
great
we're here for protection you would have
a couple official picture that we've
landed here we're waiting on our bags
cross your fingers so you just had to
get all those bags here the bags look
like they're rolling for the very end
yes of the belt we're meeting daddy
sorry what agree what's green bag we
have oh if that's fuzzy gold green gold
yay two in a row because we did those
bags ourselves
yay I just want the makeup bag to get
here when my makeup bag in my hair stuff
I can it's harder to replace makeup than
clothes pages and daddy brought some of
our Hawaii clothes so I'm good on
clothes he did it we did it all of our
bags are here yes and update we did not
have the customs that pre-check we did I
guess was it because here we are all
bags are in tow and we're moving out
we're going to go see daddy Oh 15 bags
each that's what we got to get here so
we each have to get 15 bags that's what
I feel like right guys we have a little
announcement for you guys welcome Callie
all right
so Justin a system just to make it
completely clear we are not moving to LA
okay yeah you're not we are not moving
to LA this is just a temporary apartment
so right we're leasing it for the year
tell me every time right we've been
saying please we have been spending a
lot of time in hotels lately and you
know we're kind of tired of it no this
is you never looked at this one we did a
little apartment shopping last time
we're here and they've never seen this
unit this is so obviously you guys just
saw the law we just got tired of hotel
and now we can just leave some stuff
here and don't have have some big
suitcases planning on being here just as
often
as we have been well the community pool
so there is a two-bedroom with the law
so who do what this is the master so
bathroom and a closet yeah please
this is the mastic just holding falling
is its plane the furniture this is the
closet so this might be a bedroom
for me and Annie p.m. in my shirt huh
just another bedroom all different
this might be page room pages room
I've always wanted to sound scared holy
cow what do we have going on in here so
we are switching over from Toronto to
Hawaii and CVX
so the reorganizing is in full swing the
best part about this apartment is the
stuff can stay here and we don't have to
worry about it
yeah recycled shopped in my own closet
it's gonna be perfect for Hawaii and
that cute it's perfect
and he's judging it and they aren't
those cute as my Hawaii pile thank you
so we're getting a nice what is the plan
for the rest of the day and he's getting
her Hawaii set packed and her music
video we've got a stack of wardrobe I've
got it I got it for tomorrow so Haley's
not working on Hawaii pretty much
organized for her yep so she just
organizing apartment clothes I just have
fun yeah
there's a workout place here too really
yes
nice I got a figure I think it might be
open late here we go
oh yeah I forgot the rest of the plan
and after we get organized we're going
to Malibu
yeah what'd you say with Brock your hair
go because that's where we're filming
the music video tomorrow so here's the
drill look over here
I know it's illusion annie is so into
her so no not cute
okay that's the plan so this is going to
continue and then we're kind of waiting
for traffic tonight is the stuff from oh
right yeah oh yeah on the fire it's in
that bag I think I'm on that video you
know we're only going to Hawaii for 500
and cbx we do have to have cute stuff
for cbx we're silent Hawaiian yep Poland
is that right yep sure to Hawaii okay
now you have to find Annie it's going to
find her
specialist suspicious successful how are
you guys yeah at our little room right
there another new integration it's a
good decoration you'll count the curly
hair
turn around
it's easier so we just established that
Annie's 411 sixty inches of spicy
you say well it is a knee measuring you
know
oh no not happen connect we got to take
off the hair when you do without the
hair okay
oh and he does have shoes actually it
doesn't look too bad but whether it
didn't have like the beads on the side
it kind of looks good yeah Advani's for
tomorrow a little hint of what she's
wearing now you wear his and he wears a
nice there's your ravers but you have to
shave your face hair and your back hair
only one in LA and then rain Bernie's
actually just climbing one back how
exciting you see how long backyard you
can braid it I'm not video it has to it
who are you know some heard you talk
like that it is oh you lost her hat
the hell you walk you look just like
someone I know hailey oh hi guys ran the
card ID bye hailey and definitely a hand
no no I know looser circulation oh she's
like no reason
oh no huh look at his fingers look at
I'm just playing the key China is a
Jewish like a Fathead residence and his
feet cold and had a new calling my dad
is dad so I was like stop it or I'm
going to punch you anyone stops I slap
them and then he was like you know what
sometimes it okay you know so the new
matter what just happened a gentleman
singer Hailey's going to go to this bed
okay what time I am I going to manatee
there's to know like really like when I
welcome of love it
and I'm a farm and I wanna sleep but you
know
gonna be entertaining my hands finger
falls off by a little fuzzy fuzzy shoes
just drop everything and hug y'all it's
a party here tonight we met everybody
it's like a reunion dinner oh so long
Connor how's it going with everything
yeah oh yeah oh my god nothing you
didn't see I would do friendly I did a
singing video and I am okay and I ate
some food hey have a burrito for lunch I
was really excited I don't even like I
was really crazy because it was a famous
girlfriend right now
whoa all excited i running you guys want
a Father's Day I am vitalizer I was
what's up guys that it's like do we just
like talk to the camera okay oh my god
so talk to you my senior Gretchen and
even like they hide everyone really
tired
what is this log I can hi guys my name's
Nate and everything yes
man my name's available what's up guys
I woke up about 30 minutes ago pretty
tired and you're you tired
that's nice yeah not on out here knows
my person it's dark
okay so here tonight that's why they're
not that tired
but I was like well like midnight and I
don't know why I'm so tired you're
looking like a zombie and yeah okay my
friend it's the end of a very long day
because it's like 1:00 in the morning
and with the alarm going off this
morning we've literally running on zero
zero sleep so Annie's like already in
bed over there she's not asleep but
she's in bed and cranky because of so
late so we're going to do you guys we
didn't do our good deed shadow count
we'll get a pass on that I was so you're
literally everyone yeah but that was
that one seed you made her smile oh
alright question I say I and everybody
else probably watching this that
chandelier is everything this is Brookes
room so you have taken over Brookes room
thanks Brooke system all carefully so
question of the day somebody's I have a
question today really quickly
progression bunk bed top or bottom
copper bottom bunk top I would say
bottom what would a nice a table top
button Oh Paige's bag about ball alright
guys good night good night can
top or bottom bunk we'll see you
tomorrow
join us for a little bit behind the
scenes of Annie's music video guys see
you later or see a lighter feel later
always remember to celebrate life hey
babe thanks for watching with Haley
