it's time for Mike Adamle good morning
getting a good start to our morning what
are we doing why what why are we folding
clothes
what are we packing for oh my gosh sir
oh is this our last day here did you
love Canada are you sad you loved it
here
it's sad leaving but it's fun going to a
new place and more Hawaii that's two
places in two weeks that you've never
been that you're going Canada and Hawaii
look at you eight years old
finding adventure
oh you're just going to take everything
out and refold it you're starting fresh
let's move this luggage right here so
today is Amy's last day here for filming
and we are here because we didn't want
to go again because we had too much to
do so we're gonna pack actually repack
because we kind of made a disaster here
you can see our disaster
hi guys so it's weird been at the
airport with nobody else
marish olivia goin all right guys I'm 20
minutes into the trip just your life the
first thing that I forgot was the SD
card reader so I'll be buying one of
those so that I can actually get footage
onto my computer from these cameras so
if you're seeing this but it's that
means I accidentally all right guys here
was our success of packing doesn't look
so much better and our clothes are
pretty much gone they'll fall and her
nail fell off for Hawaii so yeah we
passed up as much as we could we still
have Annie and Cody stuff
so Annie and Katie are going to have to
pack their stuff for the most part
though it's packed and clean as I'm sure
you get off in the video a few days ago
when the girls traveled they got enough
snacks because I am the curator of the
snacks I'm always the one reminding them
together they're going to eat lunch and
in the same place that we didn't
anything because it was just too good to
not have it again what are you getting
this probably good thing are you getting
clayman yeah I'm probably go and get a
fourth this time huh yeah you can get a
break sure we grab a fork so I don't eat
it with my hands yeah our last day and
Toronto
and we're headed to lunch and we've been
bums all day holy packs that was not it
and that's about all we're going to do
until Amy and mommy get back so headed
to lunch it's about to rain so we're
going to try to hurry up and grab this
so it doesn't pour down on us because we
did that last night yeah we ran the
right love pain all right we're here
what's it called
hot hot belly sandwich shop so it
doesn't sound healthy yep I'm gonna is
the same thing same thing sandwich
delighting pizza sandwich was so good I
really yeah I really wish Annie could
try this because I think she really
loved that piece of sandwich she's
probably having a good lunch though
so what chips this time no good okay
right now we are at them yoga and snaps
and perfume and pages over there
all right there's Dom right here and I'm
tired and I my stomach hurting for his
age footage and then you can scream you
might feel the placement you look like a
little baby in there so I was sitting
right here like looking at stuff like on
the window and I was like going up till
I go and it's like looking okay I'm
gonna see that person and then um this
one like it was coming off so it's just
like I'll just be really careful with it
so then I fell down and I like scraped
all the way off and be just like we're
already starting these are all like
already starting to come off and then
Oh
Oh
we'll be dead until the dawn and night
don't go I wish look I run a free I'm
gonna be controlled by way tonight
give me your heartbeat
so I got drugstore they had the whole
makeup stretchy monkey og man is not
sold in the state
oh so cheap but it's amazing you are
going to lend go get stopped up because
okay
it's called Joe Fresh no forever but
it's the best new quebec yeah ready
engine looks good have you even put it
on though every single one of the items
had samples and i tried all the samples
it's like the best makeup ever that
foundation this is like the drops that
we have okay
missions bought new makeup primer
highlighting primer Dooley's to know
it's cheap nothing it's all sold misty I
know I'm gonna go soccer okay you see
that you see that hold on wow they come
see come to the light okay put it nah
look at that look at that you see that
glow I asked you to go okay just wait
for this is my foundations Nick but you
can use it as a contour stick comes you
perfect come to the light man over time
good for what you guys did today han
gauri this is a converse so you guys did
leave that part of the hotel for our
wish is you have fun yeah yep and then
this is the eyebrow gel my gosh this one
I love eyebrow gel but I only have a
second one le you the one that I use is
called yeah mom and you do it attention
hey Annie told me they all came off well
like tennis and eyebrows one of them
came off and then the other one came off
at the store so it was like what am I is
Gary Wednesday
no I'm alright Paige we made us come
here no maybe okay so everyone a contour
okay let me shoot me to your color she's
well below its foundation track but if
you want to use it as a contour that's
your color balance 12 are there 12 to 12
like so she look like she's not wearing
makeup that's a great idea
when yours maybe when you're 13 you just
spin in a know you can I'll let you wear
make about every day dad you don't Oh
yep uh-huh
she was wearing makeup on set today and
they cleaned it up only came and she's
like you what do you like that should
you like this one I mean you're using
all the samples can just use my to your
makeup every day how do you think
champagne I like I like silent language
what made you try this I just walked by
and some insect Ryan I've heard that
before
Annie does it all at home you'll find
something on the ground like you're
supposed to pick me up it's going to map
what does any think is says I'm just
literally going to leave this okay you
need one of these you talking to me now
but you need one of these setting the
laura mercier I love it it's not Laura
Mercier though right so this is the dude
how many tries does it take paste order
people wondering and Ron blue hundreds
Haley designing our own logo I'm
increasing and Paige is trying for the
first time ever Piniella has held that
220 horse I think we're leaving tomorrow
which I just gave our address away Unger
and her to require name is the magician
yeah talk about numbers ah wait wait is
like the fifth pizza place pages largest
you have we're ordering in and packing
I mean he's kind of hard trying to down
waiting who that weekend large what what
are you trying to do make a logo weird
he said that because she wanted to she
wants to do some new projects
Haley's being all creative I love it an
extra large will be more they want to
work on projects like Mert okay let's do
sanding and cold in my room and then can
you do like an extra see they're going
to listen really carefully then listen
to over page so they'll have to watch
this video like four times
why start getting big like medium
pepperoni in one medium with extra tea
okay guys so that's what's happening
right now we have an early flight in the
morning so we're trying to get pajamas
ready and close and yeah end users
organized alright thank you so much and
I'll how did you pay Joe pay with card
credit card 45 minutes okay should we
pay over the phone how do we do it I
don't have any cash left yeah we spent
all the cars okay for the car okay
perfect
alright thank you oh yeah um first try
can I see yeah you guys need to get
drink
sheäôs heavy cash askin no Chad are
you watching this they've got lots of
ideas for new stuff chess is not water
oh he done wanted her own poor mama she
got some perfume today at the makeup
store so now what a great idea though
Haley your own perfume guys would you
buy Haley's perfume look I could you not
buy something from that face not that
one
Jonah you're sending pool and we they
can't Oh secret circles y'all in your
village it Justin Bieber perfume we
could help tell Justin we bought us
perfume what okay you're all
all that matters to me is that like a
line my song will Justin loves you Haley
you don't really punch brick I don't
really bring often I love my letter also
secrets don't make friends Paige
hey guys ready Jim right now we're
working out some stomach we gotta do
some cardio
Amy's literally like my puny I'm doing
our like a full half gym day just havin
going a little easy on her right now
we're going out yeah we're going doing
around the boat still a little tricky
but she'll survive so let's do it I get
good guys what is worse yet they just
better not be a crack it better be the
not that day it is my the paper guy so
she dropped in you want one yeah I'm
waiting for you guys delicious it looks
good way to go Toronto on the pizza
that's all good
yeah it took five tries all right my
friends oh my gosh is it Alex Bay went
down to work out didn't finish the peep
and I are quick so I'm almost done
packing
actually I am done packing I just have
to do the toothbrushes and stuff in the
morning
I know la here we come
Toronto it's been done you know will
fare real good bye to Toronto tomorrow
but I just want to say we've had a good
time here in Toronto you treated us
right
the director reminds Paige know any of
Jesus I want to eat I said are ninjas to
community I want to be I'm going to eat
a promise hiding like that mercy just
everybody like Jesus run the world and
it was like oh yeah kind of if you're
watching that Jesus didn't see it sounds
so funny what either so nice so I'm
gonna love it
so he was great he was so great and
today at lunch we found out that he's
beautiful
you have the magic trip why not I want a
little one use Express look how tiny it
differ I'm not gonna have another one
the commandment unto the press will
probably healthiest most part this is
like sauce and stuff terms of another
one we have to go work out what has
happened here enjoy your nap give it
well yeah yeah three bags no say goodbye
are you her trainer the whole thing guys
flies okay anymore so over this is a
week we're gonna leverage any any Holly
I'm done no role in your own lb7
you're doing it let's go we've been
doing good we've been eating our fruits
and veggies because when you stay in a
hotel it's so hard to eat healthy but
we've been making sure to order to have
the best broccoli here I heard oh my
gosh during the week the broccolis a
little better said it's bad stay in too
many hotels covering it down no all of
this yeah Harry does anyone have a knife
and I can flip the pigeon soon have a
night that I can Bretton page when to
know I cipher goes off you can do more
cardio I might think about it after my
sous-chef we wish probably take the
stairs guys yeah no it's not I'm scared
of the stairs let the fear of mine is
going here not the elements Melvin I can
pretend I both hear me stairs everybody
go ahead last day and cut it up like
next we're just sitting here and I'll
make a circle like that all right where
we going Jim to the Jimmy Jim what are
you planning on the zoo dance here we
are my favorite place I've been here
every day and while water is still here
yay
hope nobody poisoned it now I'm standing
on now that I think about it
can you get it for me no look I didn't
mean to do that
no hey Haley
okay don't spill water at the gym and
watch behind a knee can't bring her
anywhere
in the car
obviously I've land it got in the car
I'm heading tonight town
this is the first time in a long time
I've been to LA went off the girls so
I'm having a little mini meeting with
Nicole from rock you're here tonight I'm
gonna get a bed tonight get up in the
morning and the girls will be here I'll
be fun
so we're painting their tail course you
do I always miss my pinky toe not at all
ever well now it's come back no I have
all you go is my friend her big toe
Walter well also got infection all the
strands of alike who's doing with me now
in the comment oh no put your hands like
this distance behind your back like that
dress look what you didn't know you
would be great okay anyway her now never
her back you think it'll be up okay what
is she doing is it it's a cap on that
nail polish yeah okay cuz you dry what
do you do you do it oh yeah I'm not
ready I'm just making sure you can hold
me just stop moving you keep moving
what are you laughing at buttercup you
can only use butter cup when it rhymes
like I know you know um yeah but the
other one is suck it up buttercup
that's my favorite one suck it up suck
it up buttercup mine I do that it
up wanna call me title of the video stop
get out Motor Club but what are we
sucking up I could have a Butterfinger
and
you sucked up the pizza I never even be
fillings are much we saw you evade the
beach oh yeah
- never it's all people I never ate a
guys come on I'm eating healthy well my
battery light is blinking so we'll be
back a little bit later with a question
of the day hold back they toons I'm sure
someone will say something funny
we're good ok we're going to do a song
for dem game ready song page will dance
about a penis on the Condor get us are
we gonna say oh yeah you guys okay okay
oh no you guys you're asking a young
teen she would say a piece in my very
long we got to me okay holy yeah yeah
you think morning ocean or the climb
yeah y'all are going to climb under part
just below it in decline oh wait I'm
gonna what Harmon on five five five five
five five five five seven back to
bratayley we're back I hope you enjoyed
the dad Paley concert I do in my purse
but is there one in here okay explain a
daily bead well over here depends what
we're looking for a pen we just came up
with this pages idea it could be a
leftover pizza that is not going to be
eaten we are going to go game disc ISA
shoot up to land or woman who is your
shirt on backwards hey Annie
so because we decided to do that we
wanted to come up with a daily deed you
know I have a question of a day at night
when we end it we want to come up with
something and to do in the morning
hopefully we remember to do this be
patient with us it might take us a
little a couple days to get in the swing
of things but we want to do a daily deed
something that can be nice to make
somebody's day or to change the day or
brighten their day
or just some good deed even as simple as
smiling at a stranger payda probably
have a million ideas but today's daily
deed is going to be giving our leftover
pizza to somebody who may not have had a
meal today like probably every day
are you finding a quote no proverb
16:30 what is it commit your actions and
the Lord and your plans will succeed hmm
yeah when you vlog it you can't I don't
know if you can like really vlog the
handing of the pizza like we're not
we're just going to say what we did okay
so then you guys shouldn't talk about it
yeah you guys going to talk about it on
a story thanks you're here
I don't know if some strange people dome
a camera in their face all right stay
tuned they're going to vlog this and
then so the question of the day tonight
is going to be what should our daily
deed be tomorrow and if we forget to do
it tomorrow we'll remember when we see
this video when Billy is editing this
video and he'll tell us oh hi you guys
did you do that daily deed so give us a
little wild it yes we do on a plane miss
him in your plan all right
stay tuned for today's daily bead if we
forget to say goodbye Heidi - Ayanna
join us - 5 6 ok guys so we made it down
there
and we're gonna go we look for someone
to know we don't know if there's going
to be any 100 round here but I show no
luck no luck yet but it kind of holds
but we're just gonna what's going to do
it I'm about to cry
okay guys this is doesn't sound like
your dad to like literally like eight
years but like if you had a suitcase so
we really I don't know if he's almost
gone but like we were like okay even if
he's not homeless it's nice to give him
money anyway he goes oh my gosh she's
gonna be mean to me anyone you like she
made my heart no you'd like anyhow just
like 80 years old in the sweetest man
ever to me and he said somebody had just
given him a new one
like what like someone has a Saint
Bernard he happened to be an old man and
he said he used to live here like he's
like I used to like 20 years ago like
which means like he lost my gosh that
makes my heart mile then I go back up
and order more peace Edna give it back
to Jimmy tomorrow eat all the sweets it
could be a doll that people I know
Penelope he's fed for like a long time
ago people for like a day
I know just like me that tomorrow
morning - oh my gosh no value to what
I've gone in the trashcan
yeah and now I it would be fun to see
okay don't ever try to do this alone or
without your parents permission
always ask your parents or guardian
before you do something like this and
make sure you're in groups of two to
three don't do this alone okay but just
you know it makes even know like I don't
know it's hard to explain the feeling
but you feel so good after like you want
to go in here I know
look here like once and recession I
think I live like he's not he smiled at
me and Haley like children are like
children or my children if they relied
on iPhones and today she had this great
big dance my judgmental maple he had a
give me my flower you know I was like I
want to just go there I was getting
y'all good job I was not going to come
with you but sorry I could have but I'm
in bed this is the best first way - yay
I was like yeah I could if I'm in bed it
was so cute and sisters Darren's is
sweet like garters or her
mine thank you room gets up from that
whole piece up like a commis definitely
to things like there's a whole box of
news like alright guys good job like we
we just like for courageous if 10
o'clock at night and we're in the city
welcome and raise our house cover
children okay like reduce very bottom
jaw this guy would disappear our pizza
box in those and you smile I we find a
businessman and he goes keep smile oh
good job
alright you guys do your things down the
comments what should we do daily be wary
did that it's ok you can talk super fat
higher is it all of them I would say huh
yeah goodbye dollars alright my friends
adios we love you on one one one one one
good night goodbye see tomorrow la
always remember to celebrate life
thanks for watching
Chris Haley
