time for what kami you missing because
learning everybody
apparently Annie's hair smells like the
ocean
I know pay fix minding them all the good
stuff she says boom your hair smells
like the ocean
CL and bananas so we're all out this
a.m. we're all going to the filming de
name of our faith and action
no no a Thank You daughter I know I
forgot it was my birthday like three
times already
I'm getting text messages and then I'll
be like oh you have my birthday thank
you and then I'll be all the same I have
to work like oh yeah
they met at birthday and forgotten every
mother to her medicine you just lifted
my hand yeah you were sculpting hoping
it I want to wish you all Thanks
come on phone right next to my head but
it's on violence I love you still carry
you know I know what my foot like and
see if I'm not quite awake it flashes I
mean quite a sleep it's lashes flashes
alright so we are going to head out okay
we're gonna get that just started
they're fighting a young being in your
bag does it not see a whole / okay so
Paige asked if she could put a few
things in animal back can I put
something in your back I could share
okay probably water that's not what
Paige needs for the day
water can't talk her camera just in case
someone get that zombie a couple granola
bars key card gum headphones
good pucker and her little wallet in my
bag you said one thing so they put
seeking better wallet in here maybe some
address if she wants to lie she just a
little efficient eliminated her camera
she need to film no don't throw it and
even I have it a throwing food so we're
here for hair and makeup before we go on
our next field trip we're waiting for ok
she stole my phone
you guys when you see this post cuz I
know she's doing she's posting for my
birthday this is not me posting my
favorite flower that's a good question
what do you know what color is around or
good morning a beachy looking wings I'm
excited about Hawaii so it's not me
wishing myself happy birthday just so
you know can you say something like can
I borrow your phone I knew exactly what
she was going to do like now our food
doesn't come wishing myself a happy
birthday alright show us to move Haley
Haley you're up next
oh it's the ultimate dance-off we have
you quietly there well they're filming
in the other studio we should be -
yeah y'all got to get in each other's
faces Haley getting her face and dance
getting her face and dance
I've got my faith to my palm right now
that's what's going on to insert that
emoji comment that emoji of you think
page is crazy and find a dancing emoji
if you think Haley is the cutest little
hip-hop dancer you ever did see think
she's going to take some classes
they've gently no no Sophie they're
filming you can't make it oh because you
don't want to be in the they're filming
in that hallway we're going to get in so
much trouble why are you laughing boy oh
I know I should said this morning man
where you yesterday when I was working
out I thought hang over my paper because
I was wearing that crap pop I'm working
on I was doing ready they probably were
talking about Zach or not about that
take another guess so she asked me you
know I can do it do it this is why I
love you you idiot yeah if Ike you can
bring it I barely got it you couldn't
bring it
he couldn't write it is your truth I'm
here to get matter she pulled my back
you know she asked me to whisper to my
ear today and the elevators ago Wyatt is
going to be David for life I couldn't go
to LA the back leg all the whole thing
yes a Monday oh my gosh so Haley is
hanging out and having so much fun she's
danced
she's colored she's Jacqueline who is it
for you people are wrong is there a
stack of it okay I don't like we should
color on it let me go let me go look
happy you can't just pick on your
business a we throwing up a pretend fit
but they used to be real fits those used
to be legit we've just kind of made
ourselves home at the dance studio
it's like an arts and crafts room so
within this back oh oh it's from this
okay I think that's probably fine yeah I
mean sorry guys if it wasn't we could go
find somebody to ask that might be a
good idea
a little silly though she's over there
sleeping you're not Kristin cheaply
I told him no what I said no be nice of
my lip no the first time you didn't they
want you yeah yeah me oh they're going
to go Emma didn't one see this one
see ya
they're having fun today we're on break
as you can see pages and breaking all
day page sleepy sleepy sleep and we have
to come on Peyton to Hawaii not someone
left inside Amaro not the mention we win
it but what about winning a season or
when they see this will be two days I
guess wait wait
today's Sunday so when they do this will
be Tuesday soon so then there's
Wednesday and then we go on Thursday for
you to go
yes great are we kidding here because
we're southern campus not but you can
also mark looks like use my director yes
Jesus she's meeting my director actor
just so happen to be Jesus which is the
coolest thing ever
he's the coolest guy ever again remember
I'm sorry are you so much cutest
funniest sweetest kindest leave that her
mommy okay so riotous remember the rest
there prop it up and I guess you were
crazy so not all this maybe you are
insulting you or me too old for you too
old for you and it's okay with my record
is not come on you won't I prefer to see
you lose a video I just meant analogies
running
Oh already been ruined
Paige what where have you been this is
not good no for all oh my god so when a
nice wet with like socks or like braces
like cushy where our yoga you were down
she it takes
we don't touch it oh my girls like oh my
gosh Katie thanks again it's a right so
shield to be fine like some benadryl
cream and we'll watch it are you doing
this were you should never be the person
visiting our country should we've
already put some cream on it she's gonna
be fine I gotta sign you out here don't
gotta make it itchy we did we put on
that on it yeah just concerning your
office we're kid we're going to be like
put in the hospital everything you might
need together we should survive it big
just a rash no anything I always know
where they thought is that one bottle
but that one is swollen
no not we're going to watch it all night
I'm gonna make sure I don't go to sleep
we're just going to watch it just
kidding down one night here's to our
night tonight
it's rolling oh my gosh pages well I'm
off for a role I did you there shot no
did you just touch her - and touch your
face oh you're fine I'm going go wash
your hands if you're gonna be fine I
mean I wouldn't put your foot and now
she's like if she sees you he like it
happens to her like if she big wow I'm
gonna fall the ground today she's got a
ball around we got back to the hotel and
we laid down and I fell asleep huh and
now we're walking to Chipotle is my
birthday we're going to set
every can inside Chipotle until part
right so that's all I want in life is a
Chipotle burrito when I haven't had it
in a week but we went to the hotel and
we all just sat down it's my birthday
you should tolerate for just the no but
just ya know just be good
I'm not wearing bikinis in Hawaii so
I'll look I got one and only because
Paige made me don't we just walk out of
the hip lobby and no I'm good I thought
you already filmed me you guys filmed me
plenty so here we go
the kids are not happy that I'm making
them walk but it'll be good for them
we're walking 13 minutes you're
shimmying now we're going to walk 30
minutes I guess bye my friends all right
yes Chipotle over the Chipotle well
we're not going to tell a lie the
chicken a little butcher are wearing
like Mary Ann Mike and Ava would know
stuff it your stomach does not know like
she said no mo back oh I thought you
were really like guts it from Chipotle
like no it's not from we're looking on
Thanks oh my gosh I was still good for
2-under I know I've got a cupcake at
home from lunch okay
okay so my friend we are going to walk
back our 13 minutes
Annie's rashes in hi itch I am and I'm
going to literally get in the bed I
might brush my face my soft probably
brushed my baby
I think tell us about this start before
eating on alright we made a quick stop
to the drugstore to get anti-itch cream
and we spent a little bit more time in
the elevational
always wear something that had some food
when you trap and I don't know if you
guys can see it but it is definitely a
sprinkling right now and the drops are
like big yeah oh my god yeah
the whole walk home we got a 13 minute
walk home we had just started walking
back I feel like we're not halfway yeah
I remember that
alright oh they don't have a light they
don't have a like oh well I think
everyone's went oh I know we could have
probably gone but since we weren't
paying attention it was probably not a
good idea
so we're going to make a run for it as
soon as we get so he's lying
Oh back it up oh because the light was
changing I want to get through okay
we're going to start running and we're
going to run for an exercise no I'm just
going to run across the street they're
not going to throw up I'm running
through the raining streets of Toronto
like ready believe it up on you girl I
really run like
she does look like she just robbed a
bank a dime or key question of the day
which is if you live in one country
because of the food what would it be
Mexico because I like their food
Thailand because I like their food like
time India because I like Indian food
Mexican food mommy on the Italian
Italian on that pasta so that means
it'll relax man what's um okay so
Mexicans get that's like only one thing
I don't is it like my favorite Mexicans
like quesadillas in peace or like it's
not like I don't like Oh Marlene if you
like most attacked like you I remember K
so comment down below what your favorite
is oh yeah bye guys
I didn't do the whole song Oh turn it on
we can turn it off I don't remember
gonna comment you want to go really back
blast from the past you gotta sing hey
hey hey what do you say hey hey hey hey
what do you say it's time for the
question of Ray Ray I didn't know Colin
Eddie I thought I didn't know y'all then
now don't worry I didn't watch over you
can call me Tim look don't forget the
common humble over the way you want to
know the pain of the day is what your
favorite country because of the food
hi my Khloe guys okay
I'm gonna be any good night I'm a good
Haley guy night converses always
remember to celebrate life great back
in the world and just a little message
to you the hi Bob
I just hope you saw little of it all I
missed you so much
I was so lucky why not man she was
giggling she may have watched it 50
times today I'm going to do a whale call
for you Ellie
Anagha Bezos or1 the move remains a
solid blue wah bet the Dory did well wah
wah wah
I'm into goodness in the world goes oh
don't you guys I told you I speak whale
okay good I guess
always remember to celebrate
thanks for watching Chris Haley
