time for what cami this is a good
morning vase okay so we're filming on my
phone this morning because I'm leaving
the camera with Paige and Haley they
didn't want to come today we're not
going to be on set today we're going to
be on a feel triple thing so it's super
secret stuff today there may be some you
know characters that you can't be so I
just decided we better not bring the
camera so we'll just see I could see
what Haley and Paige do hopefully sleep
till 10:00 and we'll meet up with them
later this afternoon this evening we're
getting our day started bright and early
good morning we got to sleep in today oh
not steady it makes you sleep good
mm-hmm you woke up all on your own
Nowell on each other you're here right
to a few traps no I woke up before your
arm we might go walk around if you want
go sightseeing again not very far those
I would get lost
mmm thank you if you want to order some
breakfast okay with you there's pancakes
yeah we'll just stop there a finish it's
done you have to walk all the way look
from here to here to eat your food how
about that okay I know it's so much it's
two steps you can do it - Stefan
breakfast - Stefan - record I know okay
a job - breakfast yeah we love what we
have jump into breakfast jump into
breakfast I couldn't miss this
opportunity to film Annie
I think we can do this - she's a little
nervous about this next scene like legit
nervous I'm sure I win this scene comes
out like when this episode comes out
we'll be sure oh you guys will probably
know when this episode comes out like oh
that was the one she was nervous oh you
guys could tell about what she's wearing
when you see the episode she's wearing
this just now how nervous she is it's
going to be fine she's good at the end
of the day I think she'll be like okay
that wasn't so bad we don't want to give
too much away so just know that long day
all day you're like it started I don't
think they're gonna be just fine like
really coriolis oh you close open again
we're just going to go get some license
oh just shake her face getting photo
like very dramatic paratrooper okay they
were getting that stuff set up the
founder and getting better I just found
out it's like drizzling the weather so
if I don't know how to do this that's
what you're going to teach you know but
like if I don't know who like people
can't just oh I'm gonna do here would do
a back handspring on beam get up and do
a back handspring well this is in the
back handspring on beam how do you know
they may treat it like that look at
she's freaking out right now major
freakout are you like really hard on me
I bet people are so confused right now
but it'll all make sense when this show
airs I don't know what episode this is
let me see maybe it's a week I want to
I'll shoot
let's say I'm snow to something I need
to receive them to want to say six film
iPhone 6 let me look let me look
really alright last grip is labeled 206
oh I think that's episode six
so either I enough season 2 season 2
episode 6 stay tuned look for this
outfit and hopefully all those books I'm
so nervous I'm gonna die I'm just gonna
let go and cry in a hole we could not
help but go outside because we did not
want to stay in the hotel all day right
you could not take it we had to get out
of the bed so we decided to go up to the
town and we're going to go to a
convenience store that we discovered
last night so we're going to get some
snacks because I think we're going to be
hungry all day we're going to be like
that's that we're going to get like
snack for the rest of the trip here that
it I don't know no no we're lost guys
five seconds of being out here and we're
lost from the religion - I don't know
look it's been blend minute 1 minute and
40 seconds and we're lost
that's record time you guys
don't travel with Paige and Canada
because you'll get lost you will get
lost
you'll get lost but we're just going to
be free today look at this this is from
another country this is not what we have
in the state it's different
look at all that fuzzy Greek yogurt
chocolate chips removed now except into
a chocolate fudge and chocolate chip hmm
the Greek joke you see Chris you big
review then try to find a buggy um what
did I say here I want to place a cart
come back plate I think the buggies are
this way
it's a different kind it's like a cock
on top of him even after today oh my
gosh
I think we should get some history yeah
bread wheat and bread now
let's find the bread I think it looks
like shouldn't we're gonna we are going
to need a basket securities I found a
case on it are you ready to see this we
weed
I'm not kidding where I tried this
before you I tried it before - it's
still letting me drive it's delicious
it's like using yeah like a smash
we'll try it - yes we got our snacks I
think we're good for a few days cranium
is a good thing we have an indoor pool
hooha good yeah endorsing a good
swimming always ready to sing is it yes
Oh to drop something you help your
doctor aim use me you're a mess
I'll kill anything I am wearing a hat
that maybe that's one we found a way to
put the Nutella on something remember
that seaweed we are talking about we're
going to put it on the seaweed okay it
might taste good because sweet and salty
you know you know okay oh my gosh okay
I'm good now I'm scared of you made me
smell it
okay I'm gonna try it first oh oh hold
on ready hold on your entire it with
this man I'm gonna try it without
murders yeah
no it tastes like nothing
furro any kind of a button
it smells like a fish and I know it has
a weird texture
oh my gosh you might not like it I like
it but okay I don't know about this I
actually really like it it may look like
a fish you may not like it you like it
oh you like it
I'll be right note Ella this is real
real life okay ready
oh and also month that's good that's two
for Jen oh my gosh I love that that's
good how do you not like this oh my god
I love it
how do you like Haley that's disgusting
it's like salty and sweet
oh my god hey guys I've got fish don't
judge me if you like seaweed you're on
my team but if you're like Paige I'm
sorry she's really 2/1 which is like dip
and ranch minded muscle we're taste
I really like kind of good mm-hmm now
don't worry like taking your head I like
it all these snacks mm-hmm except for
the seaweed one page LLC week for some
reason she rolling oh she ate the whole
thing
hmm seriously look it's empty we decided
to go to the pool the cold is we know
it's warm now we're headed to the sauna
we just realized in the changing room
the changing room has a sauna and have
you ever been in one those how to be
really cool we're going to make a meal
inside supposed to make you sweat and
it's fitting at all like the pores and
stuff opened up it's really good for you
so only go with a parent though yeah
because it could hurt you because you
don't know how long is just be in but
parent does so I don't know if this is
working or not so we put the water yeah
we put the water in this stone but
there's no like button and they're
normally in I don't know I don't know
there's no button take some water and
kind of just pour it over the rock oh my
gosh I'm so scared okay next time do it
again but do it like a little bit Inlet
yeah drizzle it kind of like I think so
dude yeah yeah
yeah just kind of drizzle over each Rock
perfect
so here what how hot is somewhat that my
name really isn't the set relax things
like a spot egg it's gonna make us too
much so look look at the screen about oh
my gosh they're white that I like that
it is so good it's a powder bright like
a new person like when you're giving
this breeze like things like ask
yourself good right from the pool and a
sauna and we have been watching YouTube
and stuff like that
you just got Nutella all over that it's
coming please and coming McLean so guess
what we're gonna do which mommy doesn't
know we're going to get some birthday
stuff for Katie because it's her
birthday tomorrow and we're gonna
surprise her we have to hurry because
we're running out of time so yeah we got
to go hurry bye bye hi so I'm done with
the part 1 and I also spoke Emily on my
pants yeah we have lunch we're about to
do something very Canadian we're about
to go to gym sport for 2/4 chins behind
us right there very Canadian there's
like one everywhere yeah
and we're going to like open Holly's
like important to work and then so this
is our break is our lunch break and then
we go back and we shoot the second half
of the day
the scary part she's not as nervous
anymore I remember to the end but for
doing good or did it we're doing good
wicked Dunkin Donuts
is that better light what are you doing
what are you doing taking pictures did
you take pictures in the video
oh yeah I didn't even do that look at a
donut
you have to watch it right now we are
going to get a cake for her birthday
tomorrow the people at the hotel
Versailles we did they told it like
three different Lego and they gave us a
map and we know we're going to get a
cupcake cupcake place yeah let me get
some cupcakes it's really close so we
were actually there a few minutes ago we
didn't realize we got we got tunneling
zip pin bit I don't want and we're going
to try those are over there waiting you
guys yeah we found at a hurry
we need yet so we found Starbucks which
is where she told us and then I see
cupcake shelf a little high good you
want to order some cupcakes for her
mom's birthday yes we can do it today
perfect all right what flavors do you
think she's going to want key words
lemon lemon so you want to do a lemon
one and then we're going to take out all
stuff for us too so we're going to eat
that would be the same fun bad girl have
hidden that secret other secret when you
want out
alright guys so we got our cupcakes / /
Katie and now we're heading to lunch
we're going to go grab some lunch and
then we are going to go to a little
convenience store and get her some
presents and time all the makeup section
behind the church yes woah hold that
just lunch
presents candle we have to remember
candles and a lighter eyeliner and then
we'll be good to go
she's back in the bed and lay bag why
she's leaving
do you like eat sleep eat sleep like a
baby eat sleep cry eat sleep cry alright
we have one more surprise thing for your
mom we got to go get we're just roll one
in the city today we go whatever we're
all right guys Oh Haley had a great idea
of having this stuff in the other room
for her we got cupcakes present and we
got a card for her which I'm just going
to be awesome
I can't wait yeah you can you can snatch
it
my birthday's a bird that died a wrong
yeah definitely wanted to stay here
today because we wouldn't have time
tomorrow on you what many manila limit
thank you bars to call me mosque are you
guys how are you surprised like what is
going on and not my birthday and oh oh
what is it as eyeshadow pallete small
and moving my baton aside little ones
like in travel permit get me some
shimmery colors thank you got a lip
liner because I know you wanna thank you
okay are you have time to eat much meat
yes don't eat mine thanks girls
oh my gosh I guess I'm Kate okay you
cancel there's chocolate chocolate
there's chocolate chocolate chocolate
and then lemon and vanilla I like white
or lemon cake I don't like chocolate
cake messy we're like no I knew she was
going to do that you can't wait good
icing my friends I literally went and
changed clothes so I would have been in
better clothes for my birthday
celebration but I'm sorry I had to get
out
close we gotta know okay okay who cares
you know life's short
eat the cupcake put the pajamas on it's
our new motto
Thanks you're wild then we'll just tag
me tag Tim and I very crazy picture of
me page you can't hide your crazy I'm
still in there and everyone's on the I
when I was laughing good honor so we
just watch the video just to recap what
happened from two days ago you're
keeping yourself ass out
you want more people to see the crazy
yeah
everything that we told him not to why
do we even film that that was pretty
producer ever starting to contact me
left and right because of that they
wouldn't they actually tell everyone not
the konjac you miss babe right that was
good good acting that and you are
shoving popcorn under mouth wanna know
the question of this day what do we want
to know today name Oh first name
Oh first name only what's your name is
yeah I know we're not expecting them to
not say what you're doing it
Danielle no but I don't want to ask
people personal information just your
first name don't put your last never put
your last name or your phone number or a
nickname if you don't feel comfortable
putting your first name on there all
right so this is Annie this is maybe the
first time they watched our video if it
was your first time watching two days
ago
we're so sorry we're so sorry
in the second case is ruining everything
that she's making life keeps so funny
unique you don't have to should I say
Billy says you don't have to be good at
what's the thing you might enjoy it
yeah so this is Annie this is Paige this
is Haley I'm Katie and I'm Julianne
so it's nice to meet you guys and all
it's nice to meet you whether your first
time or your hundredth time or your
thousandth time how many videos do we
have 2,000 videos
maybe you've watched them all you
probably should watch them all maybe you
should do that tonight we've got a
school night it's summer for most of you
guys so comment down below your first
name or your nickname so we could all
meet each other guys we'll see you
tomorrow tomorrow annie is
on set again actually we're at another
field trip the number they're coming
with us so we're about we're apologizing
up somewhat like the midday of our
videos are not as active it's hard to
film around what we're doing but we're
trying our best
oh yeah page page took over today so
what in page you are just as bad at
eating popcorn as Annie is probably a
little really good tomorrow my real
birthday thank you guys thank you guys
for the surprise okay great we had
everybody earlier just look at her like
I forgot to tell her my earlier we've
landed early birthday Barbara is going
to be working so we're going to be super
busy so we decided to do it today and it
was a surprise so it taught me off
alright but tomorrow ever wanted in life
stay tuned to see bye guys always
remember to celebrate life hey based on
a steak babe
thanks for watching
Chris Haley
