time for my cami we just ate breakfast
well Annie is still imagine it's so dumb
do not follow me back oh no it wasn't hi
you were right
so croissants and omelette and pancakes
over in that area fruit paid is going to
go drop everything for baby I don't
think I can see the face from back here
today is Annie's day off after today
we'll have three more days of filming
but it's in the field filming it's not
on set it's like awesome
oh you're right
and no craft services like well I'm sure
we will have something but probably not
as cray-cray and extravagant and amazing
she's she's scared of one of the things
we're going to do stay tuned to future
episodes I'm so nervous
why I'll tell you in a second okay so we
are going to be at Goat we're going to
go be tourists today we're going to go
to the ROM because everybody's been
telling us that there's this blue whale
that everybody is very excited to see
there's a story behind it I don't
remember the story but we'll find out it
washed out but I thought there was more
sadness to the story
I mean whale wash up all the time well
maybe a blue maybe not all the time a
blue whale yeah maybe that one there's
like three school buses a lot alright
maybe that's why I guess that doesn't
happen all the time
and
I like got out of those and then they
got the heart deliver two weeks ago so
we're going to go see that and
apparently there's many other exhibits
there so we're going to do that I'm not
excited and then we're going to go just
walk around and figure out what else we
can do so stay tuned zero bug responses
you know I dated France well I don't
think those were but I'm sure they
started it response our French mmm how
guys that you got to say it with your
fridge open all right Hayley are you
ready for this day you got to actually
get out of the bed I know I could stay
in this bed all day we are going to you
wanted this is the wrong I already
called him where we're going but we're
going and what come on I've got a show
anything that building we play oh my god
I'm so excited
oh my god we are in a heart
Rollins like everybody staring at us
damn her in my face really hard
ha ha ha and there's a tiny down
no and where is he
hey oh that's alone when the little one
what is snapchat I see well maybe she's
gone wrong we saw that two days ago
where were you late to the game
blue whales and snapchat update they are
okay ways into these dinosaurs I look
like a little Explorer I'm sure we
forgot our map I'm going to go buy a map
they're so many it's been a while since
we've been into a museum if you can't
tell they're a little like oh my gosh
look how long he is now can you just
take yourself back millions of years can
you imagine if you were standing next to
that guy right there
this guy's this guy that's so that's
what I'm talking about that guy
where do you start and where do you in
and he could probably still tear you up
just saying think how feisty here it
looks cool all of this if you like the
little bootie he's your twin let's go
over to the dinosaur that we're page
like this movie free you like that page
you like that flat booty pop the deep
generators you like I like that ones
booty seems so cool
he's not we're not staying for the
whales there's nothing bad
I'm on everything we're just going to do
this dinosaur but we saw a sign for Beth
paid the photographer
yeah it's get a photo with the t-rex
forgot how much I liked dinosaurs look
at this guy
and we don't stand on it yeah that can
eat me in one goal some usually goggle
me cool gotta get your t-rex arm oh heck
I'm a t-rex this is what I've been
waiting for for two days since we found
out about it blue right whale if you
didn't catch the memo baby who's Charman
real very and loose step blue there can
be blue exhibition prevent scenes about
blue whales anatomy and include images
of the dead whale found into town which
may cause emotional responses from
dinner I think I said new for now but
not you can when this new pillow is
Newfoundland Race Newfoundland I don't
know I read it Newfoundland I think it's
moved from emotional so what's the
emotion
no look alike to you and Annie me today
yeah that's bad for a little whale it
was so innocent so animal mister third
favorite word refers to work boys until
2014 uses so tragic
can we go me hear my cries they cry let
me get whatever
she said that's not that
uh Tim are you sure - meet blue y'all
have got to see this in person this is
amazing like the lighting kind of cool
on camera
look at him it looks like one big splash
our cross page page look like this is
the biggest animal defense animal in the
world right now because no dinosaurs
were bigger right I feel like some of
the dinosaurs were longer but dinosaurs
on well we got baby Annie today
be able to
so we're all still waiting for the
window
this little guy this is the exact one
that washed ashore and they brought them
in bone by bone it's amazing that it's
like bittersweet like that's the end of
the tale like well that's not bone
clearly I guess there's no bone in a
little flipper well yeah I guess you
have to out as little fin you mean a
little fin look what's this
the model of a brain feel
this is our brain this is
most people tell me more and longer
global I like taking now you really want
it looks like you're picking its nose
I'm just saying
the hearts over here I went by the smart
card isn't this big at a smart car you
guys know a whale I believe we heard it
a blue whale's heart is as big of a
smart card is not what somebody told us
look there's the heart
look what's in the trash can
what what is it
the model we hear miss Marquart
there's this more car that's just the
model yeah are you sure oh yeah I could
probably it's not a robot and you're not
able to touch laughing you packing 150
liters per beat I think you're supposed
to pepper that's how big the heart I
think that might be a model no this is
getting this material it's not the model
and it's realize that whatever looks
definitely reserve blue whale heart in
the world and the work that have got to
come see them Cameron Toronto you know a
lot of touch-up not show anytime my gosh
showing look
you had a heart that I think y'all's
hearts are that big oh that's true
bigger than you
what is it well with tyreme a tree that
a single blue whale whale it spoiled
enough species in its lifetime to offset
the same amount of carbon dioxide a
thousand Canadians producing my Wow
this is the real deal let's listen to we
are active marine opinion I don't know
it
wait what is they call the wrong is the
wrong Oh what is that okay there's like
as you can see it up okay it's like air
cool
walking out and I don't know where we're
going to go in here thank you
and you say hi I think we're going
somewhere else but I don't know if like
staying or going
there's like different parts of it here
walking out of the room and I was so
like you live here go and check us out
and and it was just like about these
cool wheels it was actually trying to
stack and it was like dinosaurs a blue
whale and it was really bad but really
happy at the same time yeah it's so cool
I just love it in nations like and
mayhawk like everything like they had
the bone that they have whatever they
don't have a tail because the tail isn't
in there like I don't think they have
phones in the town yeah my god it's huge
it looks like a castle it looks like he
is the calling me if I was walking into
it that's cool okay this is so
so what it is is it looks like the tower
from or the clock the tower crossing
strong Harry Potter are you about to are
you ready for it okay and a little dark
oh but this is so cute so we're walking
through like a little rush away place to
me Oh cute look good oh my gosh so cute
control of the video gets it one two
three go
rollback is gone yeah she does not
advance pay Oh like that
remember when I say ready one you know
we came back what are you doing to the
hotel to just relax for a few minutes
before we go but we got to find Annie
some boots for her music video and we
need to get some safety pins because the
dresses we kind of bought are a little
bit we're going to like make it work so
they're dancing and we're about to go
we're going to do dinner and shop and
we're going to come back here and relax
so the Annie's got to work for three
more days before we go to LA and then
Hawaii sweetly ready to do this and we
push out right push they like to look at
themselves in with me here right here
Hey Joe come play any out of the way
look at that prime spot meanwhile Haley
and I are the only normal one
do you want an apple not an album what
is it all right we're gonna get cheers
on mm-hmm yes we're going instead on the
day long
it wasn't home st. here is my Ladell no
we have to find you some boots
I need your foot with me I'll just pick
your foot all right who's ready to rock
then change it be comfortable cuff up
we're going to be comfortable in about
two hours we're going to go get this
chore done and then we'll come and be
comfortable again is that peach you're
so PC I'm going to fall into the ground
because these things are like heavy
hated the Mexico we did a little
shopping again it really wasn't for
clothes it was for bouncing boots for
this video stay tuned and then we kind
of got distracted because we remember
that one of the girls from the show that
I'm working on
she told her hi this is a good store
what is it called again a ritzy out back
and she was she said it was like really
good and everything and thank you so
much for telling us that because we got
two bags on the water dogs from Eritrea
the other is your shoe bag oh well
they're books
oh this one Teddy and at that a risky of
store they have the size extra extra
small and so and everything to Annie
which we have a hard time because she's
in between sizes right now and they
think that one of the shirt styles that
we got two of Haley got to pick out it's
going to be a little baggy Ron Haley and
it'll be a little tighter on Annie but
it was kind of cool I think it's going
to look really cute on both girls
different stuff not nothing
and I got nothing but the boots will fit
me Annie in my shoe size is pretty much
the same by now so no do not go in there
fight it we're going to find somewhere
to eat I'm starving and then we're going
to go and then we're going to go relax
and wait bro the whole time I don't know
what your call time is for tomorrow oh
that yeah they want to work out that's
not much relaxing so we're waiting for
an email to find out where we're going
tomorrow because we're not on set
tomorrow we're going on a field trip we
are yes I just don't know where that
we're all going to go work out me
included I haven't worked out with them
yet so I decided to get up and get
active and we're all going to go work
out I'm probably going to get on the
elliptical that's my phone to work out
which is better than nothing
Annie wants to not be unflexible when
she gets back to gym so she's going to
do a little stretching to page says you
look like a date look like a dancer but
whatever she thinks we'll we'll humor
her you look just like an answer what
all right what we're going to go yeah no
you're good you got yourself and your
phone and of course I've got you can't
open that door I can't wait for Hawaii
what how many days are we down to
we have today's over so we have a
Saturday Sunday Monday Tuesday we leave
here Wednesday we film the video on a
sixth day we fly to Hawaii oh ha ha I'm
a little excited the lace when we get to
the airport that's the thing I know that
used to do that note look at these cute
shoes we them and II got them in green I
bought them
she bought them with her own moola and
Paige got them in black she bought them
with her own law me guess yeah done from
no workout I do not my house right now
whoa that the elliptical two miles more
than I normally do so that's good walk I
have we walked a lot haha
true villain good everybody feel good my
lottery well probably at least that's
good holidays work out perfect guys I
almost just laid down and my sister ate
and forgot to wrap that see I didn't
even finish my sentence I almost lay
down with a plate that's not crazy
no you would have not remembered I was
going to go to sleep without doing a
question of the day I'm like oh you were
going to workout in English well I just
a little snack and I'm like I better
work out now but I ate pretty well today
okay now I got to come up with a
question of the day on the spot what's
your favorite snack
nice I know it auntie this because she
just snapped it chocolate and Doritos
seriously nope that's enough what's your
page but if I can't smash my highness
probably have a little tiny bite you may
not
you've had enough over there
you know we're on and we'll use my
favorite themes in nothing I would have
to say chocolate-covered strawberry
I like chocolate-covered strawberry has
all of our 3-part out okay
there's a whole story behind that but
okay just tell not really that we're now
meaning I went downstairs and see if
there's a little story also going
against Mac in the guy down there just
taking all of us those stores closed
when he was like yeah but here's another
one outside there were never so just
walking outside by herself summers on
all this stuff and then you have walking
about there but now look at me out then
oh no you're fine so I was barefoot yet
last night okay so then we need silly
just down the road we start walking and
we keep walking for omentum WAP and
they're still in the store annot me
let's switch to the right now finally
with the sources only went on the store
and then there's a liberal recognize
with knowing to commercialize them I
didn't know nigga hobo and then I was
coming out this other girl was like
trying to talk to me in terms the odds
to is integral to the lady anyway so to
mix choice I had an asset crazy actually
blew me up with my hotel flippers and
she hated on and she's all its ever
didn't believe me I smoked her favorite
snack is Hotel slippers after that story
came from British chocolate-covered
strawberries
to read get away from her Annie that's
creepy any love of like it is like okay
we know you're real not anyways guys
favorite snack wait what was your
Italian I do the answer finally it
skirted I look at everything girls are
going to add page is going to take time
Curtis your hat and you guys comment
down below with your favorite snacks you
guys see you tomorrow
always remember to celebrate life
laughing based on take baby
thanks for watching Chris Haley
