time for my cami day - so we're doing
another episode today attends me and I
think about ten times we've ended
yesterday meeting well we get the day
off tomorrow though okay here you go my
friend
you start looking at reserves not a
Sharpie a highlighter I don't have a
highlighter okay well she's going to sit
there and do that
we're waiting on chazzy tasks tasks in a
detached house comes our manager I don't
know if I've ever told him the who Chad
was so I figured since we're talking
about a we should tell everybody who he
is but anyway we're waiting on him to
come down so we can get in the car and
go we're a little tired I slept better
earlier but still not like I wanted to
go to bed 11:30 12:00 then muffin
midnight I could I know what you and
Hayley fell asleep
Andy without first of course okay we're
going to get this day started pretty
much the same as yesterday until we get
off work but I didn't say that
you know want to see what any membrane
that's Doc's Paige but Paige is sitting
literally right there
how's your morning going I'm pretty
classy was on the other side of pillow
suppress she's in our spot
it's crazy that's right it's so dark and
cozy in this building right now positive
video why don't I get a pages permission
I kind of like it with my feet hold off
the beam guys I love elbows in wartime I
don't need a little layout tomorrow and
Andy you created that monster we do a
page I'm trying out on the peas and
guess what this is all we do I know this
is the only thing I vlog because
literally we haven't gotten up from
these chairs it's like an hour and a
half what is this one
no no I'm meeting the accountant chatter
so there's a something cutter hole it's
got strong Paige doesn't like it I mean
the list every time
bubbles are amazing chef she will bring
a plate out and Paige and I immediately
get up oh great and geez can we walk to
my come try this cheese the cheese party
yeah we get up and we come over here and
we taste it and she tells us all about
what it is
get a little lesson unless show you guys
a little secret I'm taking look at my
person taking the sandwich home that I'm
not really hungry when they say these
are delicious
it's estou tomato and mozzarella on a
sandwich want me to hire you mmm no
we'll try it later no I want you I don't
know if there is one it's pool time try
and hold your shoes no it's dirty dirty
on the street so Haley was so patient
all day two days in a row we're taking
her to the pool of the hotel
and then tomorrow you guys we have a day
off oh hello we had a long to day of
shooting
I'm sure Annie's exhausted but we're
excited to go relax relax with a pool
and we're going tomorrow we're going to
be tourists yeah we're gonna go to a
museum and I know just be like Turin I
might get a map on a good paper map you
look like a tourist it's me Anna Manni
pattern jammer Torah be sure yeah I
don't really go anywhere we just work
what hey work why do you think we work
what do you mean or business Kenny's
your own business yeah no I'm just like
relaxing my soul are you sure you're
back and they're gonna go change and
then I'm going to push Bailey in the
pool these doors scare me you guys and
he's coming around again you don't wanna
be first but now you're last
oh hello child is that I just tripped
over are we really primping before we go
to the pool but I just thought you're
gonna put it on I apparently didn't
bring her like a cover-up I just grabbed
a skirt but like she's all tuck it in
our shirt hey Paige
actually it's cute yesterday I don't
think we had very much footage because
the footage that I got like for the
behind the scenes that I got we can't
use because they want to use it behind
the scenes for Annie's channel for this
big announcement of what the show is
called and who's in it and all that kind
of stuff so I would like filming all
that kind of good stuff and then they're
like but can we use it for the
announcement I said sure and then I'm
like oh we didn't film very much when we
were really tired but today's better
I was just going to say that same thing
that mirror over there makes it look
huge it smell not warm it's warm it's
like backwater yeah there you go
that sounds like a plan this is for sure
like a lot fool like just like a workout
well no diving
yes I'll marry you okay have fun
Paige is going to work out
but we never wet repeat the whole entire
game
Oh Oh what my cousin seriously
poolside passenger
I don't know what all the way down was
it oh I'm not looking your necklace one
dream is you the belly-flop oh my god
that you're going to belly for Titanic
how do you know that movie we're done we
just wanted to come tell you goodbye
look at you you have a good girl little
girl are you
you're doing great I'm your motivation
you can do it what do you want for
dinner I'm gonna go order it dunno okay
I should be working out too if you don't
know it's fine we'll wait I'm not
starving okay that's a good idea
Paige with all the ideas yeah all right
we're heading up it feels so good in
here it was hot in that big cool area go
go Ayla go Ayla cool cool cool
she's gonna lose all that weight that
she's got on herself a hora ye rising
going like Nicki there's not an ounce of
fat on that child or that child good all
right come on my friend you're on the
elliptical okay cannot stop yourself
about your saying is how I'm filming ya
balance on the phone
feel the burn all right I know
likewise page again totally just prank
the room service guy prank him I ordered
food oh okay and he's probably not gonna
hop showing her like this probably not
gonna bring up he what
arias about it he don't have to try to
get me off the phone did you ever try
not to last me she seems like okay in a
different voice but what got a good old
lady try to mimic it anyways like see
and excuse me you guys talked about
kissing I rejected her and said it and
he was like you can Mahmood can I get
you I should I let him have my brownie
ice cream sundae nobody own enjoyed ice
cream I try to make me repeat it but not
lost and I was like God repeat this
again so that I said and then they were
laughing so does I said did a yoga
through Katie the moans good news is boo
and katty literally went under the desk
glasses I don't even know what she was
doing
any conversation I'll film it when he
did said I'll talk like that and it what
is my jelly welcome saviors don't feel
like because I was already here he was
already here gonna be there together
normally like normal people because hi
ornithologist anyway I didn't want to
put my brain in your mummy
are we getting rid of that thing yet no
ever oh oh my gosh you're resting up I
know she's crazy got to dress up a
billet don't reorder the ice cream and I
do like it
allama be like a clam you look old
enough to be a grandma your makeup off
the poor soul who's coming up here right
now
what did you it's so ridiculous that
he's going to know like that you're
pranking him you can't laugh though it's
gonna laugh if you're going to know if I
have a scanner on after all this you
better great put the money in my wrong
and what my double was don't know I got
a little contract the sub and Grandma
what I can't do you man huh we're all
gonna love you Santa alright hmm
I'm gonna go to the bathroom he gets us
20 all right would that be enough for
dinner
there you go big change a village it
scary I can okay a nice man he was I
still is a nice man who was a nice man
you know it was funny you ruin a career
yo its career and
oh oh are you kidding me
you're kidding yeah Haley you're I turn
the camera off so you could cry huh yeah
why don't you stand up yeah I'll be
right here tick them off
belly Bob ready down the bed don't you
know what you want to do right isn't
live worthy ready Seska can we go online
no why not because it's called pretty
son I don't be screaming at me alright
guys I am wrapping up with Haley because
other two little girlies are sleeping
the question of the day is what is your
favorite clothing okay like ah good I
would say I always listen I would say um
but you're sitting on one I would say
workout leggings like workouts stretchy
pants long I would say an athletic fan
yeah what would you say yeah yeah agreed
yet a guy what would you say I said I
took pair of jeans a good pair of jeans
and then I think Annie would say
like probably a cute t-shirt that she
could tie up or like swimsuit or
something which was her favorite
clothing item item of clothing yeah
twins
rip and when we're all right guys no
super gotta say goodbye Hey always
remember to celebrate life based on
Jacob a thanks for watching
Hayley
