time for what cami alright good morning
Toronto I don't think we ever showed our
view last night
you're up this morning about 8:15 a.m.
of their view and we're all dressed and
ready right right right
are you ready for a long though I guess
not were yawning we're yawning we heard
that there's breakfast on set this
morning so we're going to go have some
breakfast we're going to meet we met
some of the career when we were filming
the first season stuff and now we're
moving on to season two and we're going
to meet some up we didn't meet anybody
last time except the crew like we're
going to meet some of the cast this time
so it's gonna be really exciting
hopefully we're going to be more peppy
when we get there and we're fully awake
and we get some food in our bellies but
until then we're going to be I wouldn't
say grouchy
just quiet hey guys so all the girls are
on set for the first day today and I
don't know how much they're going to
film so I thought I'd take this
opportunity to show you guys a little
about why I stay and what I do around
the house when they're gone so one of
the last thunderstorms what happened was
our roof started to leak we currently
have a big hole in the ceiling of miss
Katie's closet right there and then I
pull you guys saw to make slime in is
now in use don't worry about the dirt
gave them outside but is being used to
catch water
so as you see because of that those are
new roofing materials we're having a new
roof put on the house
it's an old roof so it'll be good taken
care of and then later on you guys are
good to see the real fun I have is I try
to attempt to take all three of these
doggies to the vet look where we are we
have across all there with us okay
you're not in Kansas anymore toto yeah I
know my office they're going to watch
this page and they're like pages making
fun of me you just insulted everyone
here she thought you're on another list
I'm sure on oh yes oh we can put the pig
in Toronto yeah okay Tonto we're going
to learn we're going to say a a lot from
Toronto and our hashtag is officially
Canada had Canada so that's what they
say the BH today like it's like you say
something and you say a know how they
say a after they say something sometimes
they'll say a why it's like Paige says
y'all all the time I say y'all sometimes
twos I should what are you doing ah this
is it okay we got to eat some breakfast
no this is homemade oh my god one of the
common questions you guys asked in the
comments is is there ever footage that
we don't use and the answer that
question is yes there is what is that we
don't use a lot of times it's because
when editing the footage it starts to
get really long and I and then we would
put out 45 minute videos and so a lot of
times as the video starts to get longer
we start trying to determine whether we
think the footage is something somebody
would want to watch or not want to watch
and then sometimes it's just as simple
as we're editing we look through all the
footage and we missed something so this
is actually something I'm going to play
now that we missed when we were
originally editing the video
from the day the girls left a while oh
it's a baby
Katie baby forgotten a house Oh bird
we're not gonna hurt you oh yay you in
the front runner yeah we're gonna let
him out in the front yard in the back or
front don't don't we I want them to see
that litter I'll be they kind of seen it
with the bird but I don't want I don't
want the bird to get out like we need to
make sure the bird Canova front because
the dogs are in the back I wanted to see
it but I don't want to take a chance on
letting it go the good idea you know the
bird in the house okay Haley you can
take a picture as we let it go where the
color looks great pears been toned no no
come on come out days before watching
before I go can you put your weight
little Haley get in a spot in your food
yeah my bird oh wow it's so hard to get
a picture oh I love the color
you got bird on the floor
Piper these doors open oh oh this door
was open yeah I thought the only problem
was ever just happening we love you all
the windows and we'll miss you
we'll be back you get to stay with Daddy
okay so Hawaii Haley's hands
I'm going to awkwardly just film you
because I think Annie's coming offset
three to three nope show you guys hungry
again we've been fed all morning like 30
minutes okay what is this cold again man
no it's not pierogi okay work we have
been so well fed here today just getting
to the car was a pretty big ordeal with
these three little beasts
I can't imagine what getting them into
the vets going to be like I'm already
tired so we're here which is like they
do not cooperate at all not in those
lines visiting media strangers to me
hybrid they do
Gigi are they crazy are they crazy gee I
just want to go we did it guys
okay they went to the vet with just me
and it all worked out
good job because the time it's
exhausting going to the bed is it isn't
it exhausting you're like a camera we
did it yay
yes firstly I guess tomorrow that's a
wrap she did so good Paige what we
didn't film was Paige sleeping you're
welcome
she took a little nap wait did we no I
don't think I did we talked about it
maybe I don't know but that's a wrap
I think they're coming out where are
they Haley we could go all well to the
hotel
dinner time y'all y'all y'all this is so
fancy pages serving me wise and me we
have been sitting in this bed for about
an hour and a half are you drinking my
coke
Haley strategically now waters law
orders water to be all healthy and then
she sneaks some of my stopped him stupid
wrinkled water
she pretend I'm like secrets from
British men like Paige worked out she
went and worked out so she's going good
and how I or any proper ground Alan page
I'm gonna need everything y'all you
missed it last night Paige Paige did a
dance workout last night my oranges we
should all you get to know some things
can't be on the vlog no story at all the
Haley's not going to tell the story it's
hey don't get mad at ad
whoo there you go hey Paige was being
crazy well they know that long since I
worked out me have a half Fred you know
we ate so good today it was food every
like hour we were been given some great
like every 30 minutes yeah some great
like snack or meal or falling back good
work no I would eat that a whole lot I
ate a big lunch so you know all right
guys that was the evening update we'll
be back might return so Danny and I are
going to literally brush our teeth and
go to sleep after this page will
entertain us a little bit later after
she gets some food and her hyperness
comes out yeah she always is hyper in
the middle of the night she's like
what's ready to party laughs I wrapped
up and the camera was charging a little
bit of that working out cute yeah she's
like an old soul so she doesn't like to
go out like normal young adults she just
stays in on parties love it all right so
when Paige decide to do that if she does
wait what is it we will will tune in
with a question of the day stay tuned
okay guys so we're really tired and
we're gonna go to bed just unquestioned
day which is what your favorite at mine
is definitely Instagram Instagram so
mommy any one Instagram page Wow oh yeah
I like music which is no my hair it's
natural for and musically and snapchat
yeah boom well she doesn't know what the
meaning a favorite is yeah Haley the
meaning of favorite is one you always
sani yeah it's a meaning of favorite
yeah I can say because I always paper
you can say 1:16 I already said one
- of engineering yeah
I said mommy's tired my stag by guys you
tomorrow - don't go in on dirty limping
another wedding the day is your night
what's your favorite hi hi guys haha hi
Roxy Amaro kind of shag my lovely
Rochester I have a good night but always
remember to celebrate way hey babe
thanks for watching
Brit Haley
