it's time for Mike Adamle good morning
everyone so yesterday we had all gotten
our nails done and we did gel but you
know mine are not gel they are paint I
put into the light and everything too
like oh yeah they're gel to gel
so I didn't even like look at my nails
after that like before I left so I was
like it's a terrible also we went
shopping and my mom just had come out
she noticed that her looks thicker I
know I honest all of that her looks
thicker than mine and I don't even see
like jail and mommy's looked so good and
they're like the same color and like
like she took what I she put on my nails
as on my boxes and heard was like
literally like a hundred times better
they look like gel and they look good
and did she do like a really sloppy job
too so we're going back but we're
leaving tonight but we're leaving today
also once appealed didn't even touch it
so that's good a rough semester
yesterday so we're going to go back
right before our flight and your nose
your nose nothing and I'm so nervous
like I don't like telling people like me
neither it's bad job when I input like
you have to get infected you've just got
it like yesterday
I know I might have gone I just hope
like we can just go in there and be like
do these because you mess them up and
they won't like you like okay like I
don't just like okay I have their dr.
Matta and I hope I felt the lady that
didn't saw I'm going to be doing it
again and she's there but if she's not
had the guy took the guidance we're
leaving today going to Toronto band
music video and a ye and what that your
life come back where did you go to a
life
after your life I'm going to
700-thousand at CVX then maybe Toronto I
don't know it's kind of crazy a Jersey
City tune it's just soaked is there
going to soak it it's only season season
Lucy he said about five minutes so she's
getting memory done nervous any of the
same color yeah you're super nice about
it we're done and it looks so much
better you so happy now and yeah they're
actually really pretty fast
next stop Toronto brilliant oh my god
you're cool if I said next off Toronto's
so she doesn't they look like they look
a lot better they look like gel now I
know how that lady that was next time
I'm actually though I was like oh like
she was had yeah you not have you been I
felt like I did with them yeah airport
adventure and Air Canada I think I have
no name no chance I have to make rats
Canada on the air it's the airliner
flying weird you - you know it's part of
United I believe I leave this water
French alright guys we are here and
we're getting out today just crazy we
just had like a dance session on the way
and we are added in all of our 50 bags
out and the people are going to stare at
us it's going to be great alright we
said our goodbyes I didn't have the
camera out but that's it but I wanted to
show all of our bags is overboard
come on
a month well the secret is though
billy's bringing two more bags though
mine and Hailey and Annie stuff for
Hawaii which don't tell anybody so yeah
this is it this is all our bag everybody
gets two bags hailey which two
hey Lee get two bags put your phone away
here and just until we get through
security okay
oh yeah instead of a fork
all right guys the adventure begins
right now
yeah do like Paige is doing a perfect
we are skilled this Carol where there's
a will there's a way we were like oh no
this is too many bags but we're like we
have to now we don't have a shop here
come our little baby planes I think I've
told us to move before but that guy
right there I might add used to fly
planes they used to call him the D
destructor don't know why don't know
where I got it but he was the destructor
you know just only that we just really
didn't go visit not all day it's a short
flight it's not like the five hour
flight to LA or five and a half hours
what is wrong with your IRA or not the
wrong business my family is not real
eyelashes by the way for real as a lobby
individual to have felt really enclosed
okay so we're getting ready to board
willkommen we're going to make this hour
and 22 minute flight without snacks it's
going to be okay okay Wall Street on
there I'm going to extract and it's a
page run chocolate Marilyn and Canada
thank you
Domino's looks very sorry
you
I just tripped is a tiny little tiny
individually it slap it
loosening my mother's only to see where
you go
I switch it all out this would not fit
understand your course we're so comedy
further on oh my gosh it's so tiny on
banks tape Donner if I think daughter
you're going to be okay you three leave
hailey without complaining
you two will stop the hunger we sat
there for 45 minutes
no one got up whose fault is that this
is what happens when ability to travel
with us
we are I the air doesn't work it will
work ones were up but no air circulate
yeah because it will be tomorrow it's
bad it's so bad like
I was panicked a little bit for a second
we're going to cool off a finger up in
the air
for our community
Hamilton help link
come on
they came
minute even bodied us and that's not
people who don't have cancer them people
again for accents of color Dave
announcing over PA a plan
how do you feel
and you feel more Canadian I feel more
like why
here hey doesn't feeling well see the
place
Haley Haley
- playing a game of very high UV on page
not good
yeah pretend we're on the ground
Haley's very intense and how you feeling
you're about to be in Canada
different country in a matter of hour
and a half later my grandma will be hope
to help you get you next destination
feel yucky or you feel better another
aligner and it's probably going to get
hot in here I am I was born at home
these are steep steps
we play like a fool always the best
feeling in the world when your bag make
it okay we're all together you guys it
was only an hour and a half flight with
no layover but it makes you nervous
I know Haley we are through customed
that was pretty darn easy I'd rather fly
than drive into Canada that was way
easier than driving they were making
sure I wasn't kidnapping the girls from
their father and I am NOT how many
jockey do you have well he goes because
where's the father here and I said at
home oh you look nice it was nice about
it because where's the father and I said
I said he's at home with the dog that
won't be a playmate no it wasn't
I said he's at home he didn't come he
goes why not I said well he's at home
watching the dogs he goes how many dogs
you have some but I think you're just
making sure they know that what is the
special item I said only 300 and pages
up we need him doing his job
I got my hair tied together hairdresser
looked at her passport was the
hairdresser the customs guy looked at
her hip passport just superb luggage and
they were just like come ready to
disappoint really and then I'm getting
interrogated next to him and I was and I
wasn't getting interrogated
screaming up here they're gonna come
slow and then I'm going to stop it's
okay it's all good they were he was just
doing a job you just want to make sure
it wasn't kidnapping my kids he could
save someone's life
here we go oh better the door went
back on route or we might be adjoining
welcome to Canada we got to take a
picture thank you doing oh no no no your
room oh hey why should be driven okay
room tour number two you're going to
want to see it you better off you guys
are eating my fruit PS what you are
eating my fruit oh yeah I love that
there's something in the other one
you're eating my brain depends it is
something special for y'all need to
climb it we're going to know how to the
hall yeah I think so it's the way over
here my dress goes off I hold the door
so I can get back no dog here yeah maybe
they'd have set it offline Annie and I
didn't even see this when I came in here
they make it feel like I own
look how this through is so cute that is
so adorable
hmm this is so participate it's a little
journal that's the hotel journal yeah
yeah you knew yours was look at
chocolate-covered strawberry and cookie
I have a girl I had that in Sweden
saying an apple juices oh no you can't
say y'all in Canada he was like oh yeah
okay so we're working out this pub now
go ahead great to talk to you what did
you go purple boy did you go fine but in
here in the light and honest camera
actually does it is kind of pervy garlic
you think it's like a bar you mean I'm
like Irish Pablo there is a bar right
next to the hotel public house on top
Stamper yeah there you go
classic some differences or sniffles
okay
we do want local communities oh we love
it you love it haha yes we had it at
hooli hum you know it's like fry or and
they put this meat on top of it and then
like this it's good it's good one
yes an appetizer yeah we're going to try
everything here we're going to be
tourists on our day off basically saving
up picture what are you doing sour cream
in the water and they all want to
instantly wanted to take a picture but I
inside a video so I really wanted that
wasted lemon so a poutine and nachos we
are perfect and now the food's coming
our indoor voices indoor pool but with
long y'all here at a town Hey
yeah someone in so you're loud that's
like my shirt says no swing I'm wearing
a no chemistry
I don't know maybe me if anybody and
anybody like read my shirt actually that
question removing my shirt yeah nope and
I know pretty strong about scare you
what this money what you're going to do
the by a poll that's an elliptical yeah
there you go there you go she works now
yeah maybe any canady we were trying to
find a hashtag when we come up with
Janani de Caen a NIDA I'm gonna hashtag
that this week this is what happens we
get back from dinner after a long flight
just kidding yes you're like what about
it you want me to be that like wow okay
can you get it
I bet you lick it like you guys yep I'm
you gotta like Horner's I can invite us
I'm still bit you can't show that it's
already bit bitten bit please
now you've got to do it where are you
dis committed
true John Capel hey don't watch out like
I'm gonna do it on my face and then
split it up what's going okay focus on
your part nothing your buffa act
tomorrow I'm not gonna like this
stay tuned you see if it gets it that
was cute 20 tries later alright question
of the day what's your favorite Disney
movie is enchanted Disney I was thinking
enchanted and in princess has to be
because they use Cinderella is that is
this based on Cinderella
it is the mice
singing oh my god what oh not she the
princess and the might sing to her every
movie sings with animals no light years
old no white in it you guys cuz it did
me I guess her name is Giselle not
Cinderella you thought of there's no
evil stepsisters yeah and then well I
just thought with a minute
it's a proposal mostly it was not who
are you sound really dumb we both found
so dumb right now
movie okay so what's your favorite
Disney movie because you know we're
talking about princesses that's the
question of the day no I'm not even King
I can quote that whole part what you
doing I'm on the trail I am on the trail
of what Bambi with why why it's you Oh
why'd you do that for we're supposed to
do that we fell it we've been trip I
love I know it Fred I'm not your mother
nice Bambi Bambi
I guess awesome so I don't want to do
that all what else Hayley what's your
favorite Disney movie is your favorite
Disney movie Moana is that Disney I'm
getting all my Disney movies mixed up
right now huh because you were watching
mulana collapse over there is that your
favorite movie okay are you still
watching Milan Eclipse or did you move
on to what Laura DIY DIY who lives in
Canada does she really live in Canada
hair did Haley you misunderstand that do
you no I'm good all right guys so we
have a long day we get to go on set with
Annie we're going to meet the some of
the girls that will be on the show on
the show I don't know if you'll meet
them tomorrow
wait peanut butter one example you're
the peanut boy Applegate thank you no
one's ever said something so nice my
contact name for you peanut butter to my
jelly we already saw hey y'all our
peanut butter and jelly we could be
peanut butter and asshole
Nutella and bananas you're gonna be mama
time I'd be your Nutella - your banana
I feel like showers I do but I really
like Nutella and banana right your face
might be fresher touch I'm Gretchen
right now what am I on yours and why are
you throwing things today she'd do food
at me don't brought that no probably uh
she's shaving your car
thanks for tuning into this crazy day
join us tomorrow on set and join in some
of the fun and behind-the-scenes of the
YouTube red show that's coming out soon
YouTube alright guys see your children
tech name was Amy and your claw hi guys
see you tomorrow I get to enjoy the rest
of the fight I wish we could keep
recording this would just be better live
guys see you tomorrow love you mwah
always remember to celebrate life Hey
based on Jacob a thanks for watching
Chris Haley
