time for what kami why do you have to
leave it
good morning everybody I ended up your
private lodging amazos water yeah there
is um
there's more yes paper I guess there's
like bottle and then plastic I want to
look it up but I think that's recycling
paper plates paper paper I like that
size when I do like back your neck I
think that's like glass and paper and
plastic I don't know some it'll tell us
I think there's different rules actually
in different like cities all right Haley
is rocking the curl
we braided it last night after she
washed it put it yeah and I got the
morning hair going in eyelines opinion
like a half like fun yeah that's it
yes look good we got a big day today
page we got a pack oh yes please okay we
have it page going to tone our hair so
it looks brand-spanking-new
- Justin culprit Billy or Andrew house
you we got to go get our nails done
because yes I might get gel why is there
such charge of breakfast weather look
that was a look
educate ourselves
hopefully I come back smarter not the
other way
I'm on my period five starting I think
we're going to do errands base and
Natural History our American history and
maybe the postal video its own inverse
take it out y'all awesome start off of
it I got the servo yeah I think she put
the poster
I usually do a little cricket yourself
well we see how Paige is with a
microwave yeah I wash down Tina like
oatmeal oh yeah yeah I bet my peach is
gonna taste like oatmeal now I'm having
leftover pizza because always a good
time for pizza but I'm afraid that it's
I got veggie pizza and pepperoni I'm
afraid it's going to taste like oatmeal
now all right guys stay tuned we're
gonna ruin deter Bronto tomorrow you've
ever been to Canada you two over there
oh you three over there
passports I was laying in bed
good morning and I'm like I've got to
get passport so I put a reminder on my
phone I know I'm like I'm paranoid that
I'm going to leave our country we're in
DC now majors making me walk places I
wanted an uber I think let's do a couple
on the way like two blocks away told him
to ruin made fun of us if we over there
so now we have to walk oh oh my gosh 25
seconds out of guys we gotta go remand
for himself
downtown DC yeah no idea where we are
it's probably them blowing the horn at
us for dropping the street I'm
completely depending on your since the
direction so here's the point in guys
who thought listen I'm going to leave
him in the museum and he's never going
to be able to make it back
he lost hey Haley did her own hair and
she want to show us three two one go
you did that by yourself well topknot
it's cute hey you do are you ready to
boogie
no you're not you don't have shoes on
yet
alright get your boogie shoes on jeez
let's go that's one shoe I found that in
my room I don't know or know where the
other one is you at all maybe so it
might be as we found the engine the
powers the
apparently this is the ends of the
powers my car even though I believe
twice or three times equal length of my
car they use seem like hidden technology
that like compresses the actual physical
state of it yeah well it's beyond
because well yeah you learned about
repellers first and then you go into
like that like when you look outside of
the plane that you're in and you think
that's what's in it like all that's
going on inside that building it is
pretty amazing
you think you're you are that's my is it
it's like not bigger ages got some kinda
more a war
who won
I want one my war where you get stabbed
all whoever doesn't win done yes none
okay at the time he has those are colors
we didn't take each other's color well
those are so good
eventually obviously we had to have
astronaut ice cream it's so brittle and
dehydrated do you know what makes us on
our ice cream taste under water being in
front of a spaceship when yeah it's not
only that you make astronaut I didn't a
property with some face like it's pretty
much how did that build like words place
other than those thousand other people
this isn't good either remember me
listen you're trying to it's probably
terrible for you I don't know I don't
even want to look mommy is done with her
nails while Bobby oh my gosh ears with
my cello go hers are just different my
coal mine guy did better no offense
I was in line area he did cheetah three
coat on the rain into an art to your toe
they look so good oh my gosh why are you
sad and here's look good great how many
comes
Oh
I don't think this is my color actor we
found an area of the museum that breaks
down flight from buying a neighbor's
love I still don't understand so I think
we'll be able to figure it out four
components are lit weight gravity frost
you can drive not gravity weight pulling
weight pull there so see that now we
found a place that spreads all about a
dish top well he'll learn the first kind
of space was Buzz Lightyear Soyuz
teaching people wrong all the time all
the time I couldn't be any good they
look great little bit look I didn't take
this color all right so we're done at
the nail salon and we're headed back to
holdover go to home goods we're not done
yet
this is my two brothers were not done
yet okay guys so Andrew pointed out in
this museum we went from early flight to
flight two jet engines to space and now
we're exploring the universe because
everything this is like all this month
the deep space someone help behind us
maybe we can go like see some stuff
snail sale
that's a nail fail hi guys I think we
think we've seen everything that's going
to stop that's a head back home the
George Washington Monument we learned
about air will end by space from animals
the animals so many things so many
things really really guys if you came
down here you could spend a day in each
one of these iam so we kind of did the
abridged version where we kind of just
walked very kind of looking at the stuff
we thought was interesting but you could
literally spend a whole day in every one
of these museums okay how does it out of
the museum we have art art art air and
space we have Natural History exam in
art school right does American history
is American okay what would be your
favorite museum exhibit yeah say that go
look them up wake up Stefania museums
and tell us what your favorite museum
with the air in space
I like your in space today right now I'm
editing my second room tour video
you know like on new room so I'm doing
that it's probably going to be up by the
time you guys see this so go check it
out you along um yeah that's what I'm
doing right now sitting on the couch
then I'm going to go make music lose
even no matter look come to know Andrew
just took a whole bite from a giant
piece of ginger then GD said yeah I said
would you like to judge it I take these
little bites out of them because you
just do the whole thing
oh oh oh
how you feeling good nice and warm so
you know the funny so we did a fun
little video and it's going to go where
on your Instagram I think I'm my
Instagram okay so you have to go check
it out horrifying
that works very terrible experience
we're going to look Brandi later so i'm
britta super tired and it was a long day
and it's time for the western of the day
took time I thought it did but what are
you doing listen of the day is what is
your favorite coil and why you the first
you have to have the bad days that's a
good day
nothing is impossible to wear a
self-designed possible why because this
is - - because mine is when you feel
like winning think about about why you
started and stars are like friends you
don't always see them but you know
they're always okay because you please
thank you bye bye
don't forget to come below because we
want to know what I push it it is you
know what is it favorite quote and why
so always remember just tell a bright
light
based on Jacob a thanks for watching
Britt Ailey
