time for what I didn't even I'm done I'm
done I'm done I didn't see it and now
it's gonna be in there please tell me it
wasn't on that team you're not
that's how Paige things always on
another line oh that tells me laugh all
the time
yep what's her laugh all right so you
see us at the mall
can you see us did you guys know that we
were at the mall how'd you guess I hate
them on out I go every day excuse me you
don't say you hate them all in this
family
oh yeah I'm gonna me thank you thank you
thank you very much you're you know
you're going to want I'll show you how
much you're going to hate it okay so we
are going to go shop for Annie's music
video next week well like in a week and
a half we shoot her music video for that
fit that song she recorded it's a cover
for play on the best I've ever
and so we're all small he came early we
came super early the mall just opened
but we were trying to avoid the rush
because it's Saturday and there's gonna
be so many people here on end lines what
are you doing
opening and closing with the work uh hi
or ha
okay well the mechanic stay in the car
maybe I just saw him know you're gone
really do a hi
I cherish the moments me yeah heylia
hands a little breakfast to chickens out
of the chicken biscuit no I already need
a nothing
yeah music an eighth of an animal who
made them page so there's a whole pan
for an old lady across the street
no wonder cause she's hot make there is
one no I'm so confused why bring her
milk and cookies to what she wanted her
plate is supposed to make us no sympathy
and we bring my banana bread
what do you have this whole around easy
I felt like that's the to be on that
what they do well guys guess it'll be
just what happened I got struck by
lightning because you didn't see the
video you might want to go check it out
it was a little chaotic I got I
literally got struck you did anything
wrong
I like ten feet away the room you were
in yes it got stressed my room yep
gotcha and we should actually stuck her
house I thought where did that be a man
invited it's not in a new room look oh
look this is gonna happen
I was running downstairs seems like it
happened I was like oh and then I
realized like electrical fire whatever
I'm downstairs
I didn't even grab my phone I was like
wait I need her my phone whenever I go
back in here and we're going to be
evacuated and it's going to blow up and
I'm like oh my gosh I just what my phone
is okay it's too late it's too late
excuse and I didn't grab it and all my
pictures went to make on PCP cause a
good story found a me and Dean just
and me address for Hublot be and I am
painter and they're trying on clothes
and Haley and I are just hanging out
here on whore and we see the model
clothes patients that's and then we're
going to go to a Haley's door what is
this
how old are you uncle it is time what
are you talking about what we are no
Haley and I are going
I haven't like three okay I thought we
did it you guys
whoa oh I feel excited gosh you never
know what's going to happen to stop drop
and flip your event you should make a
shirt the present shut the designer and
cool kids club no that would be random
okay guys we are headed out a small
we're thinking about going and getting
our toes done no we're not seeing about
we are doing we're going to go drop
daddy off though yes he's done he had to
sit there while we tried I think every
outfit on in this mall
except for that though we did that's me
reminisce we just went in there now
we're making our way back to the car how
do you weirdos do it all yes come back
just so um I decided we decided we
decided not to shopping because we had
already shopped and they went to Target
now so we're here and I'm facetiming
Jaden they have that's what we're doing
I almost forgot to fill so than a door
and all my downstairs and to get the
game room
okay so we just watched a movie MGD
snuggle in the day and immediately just
putting their leg up there what you
doing but man that yet great mm-hmm it's
my leg it didn't look like you're late
again like mrs. Hailey's it does look
like it was quickly you got a big leg
hi oh well we just watched a movie can
easily negate it has all that and I'm
like of a snack the little engines in
hate is fixing us um but we're at Wagner
to the discount and we're like in the
blanket thing we open the bleachers and
we're watching right hand one and then
Oh seeing Suzy tonight right there
somebody tell you a sad story I really
can't sit right now yeah
but Paige is making chicken curry but
she's crying about of that about me I
hate onion but when I cut down to
nothing I hate so I'm gonna cut the
other one the girls are outside playing
look at the kitchen we cleaned we clean
we decluttered Haley did hey leave my
organizer all of a sudden and she
organizes I don't know if you guys could
tell them hurricane to organize Queen I
don't know what she did this look at
that it was a mess there was stuff
everywhere there was stuff it all over
this it's clean all over this it's so
clean Nala girls are taking a break and
they're outside and pages in here
cooking and I'm going to pretend to help
I'm at the airport
Andrea decided to come in for
last-minute trip figured we hang out
I'll Shawn's at Woodward so I'm waiting
on him in this demand and that's the
legend right there
going on so you're doing an easy slide
we don't come enough they're coming
along or not good I've lost someone
weekend you guys it's so quick yeah
we're on to the spices of ginger yeah
didn't work all that sneaking around one
int√©ressant we're into teasing the
genders but her mouth sizes it's
authentic Indian food so of course it's
going to be spicy what's this on the top
I see that's like coconut coconut no
come on spicy
yeah not like extra spicy but dependably
have some kick to it
you like the curry when we were in
Malaysia oh yeah Hayley's kick what were
you guys doing outside you're sweaty
what's the plan
but you also curl I threw my hat but I
bet on challenges oh we were so addicted
to those fight what do you think is that
mine hey girls
challenge accepted
yeah how nice hi Andy oh good to see you
glad you came I know we weren't about
that we must be leaving tomorrow now
we're leaving Tuesday
hey can I open it for you or is it open
now Piper it's open so open you guys and
why keep that so cool I'm not going to
open it
one strong no no it's not like pressure
are now if you something
maybe I should research that was a half
one the same one yeah maybe we'll have
it tonight but she should figure out
this control okay ten guys and see if we
get chicken curry tonight okay it's time
to eat this is cool a ladle okay who won
wait I'm Allen wrong gonna cry at the
same time okay I mean we mean what I
mean what do you understand maybe we're
trying out for sometime hot you guys oh
you didn't want to like no I can you do
there
you've nervous yourself no more loving
it okay come closer I don't want to burn
you oh yeah it's very hot y'all but it
smells so good in here smells just like
I remember so let's let it cool off for
hours I want the chicken I'm on I love
chicken yes I feel like it's bringing
back memories we had weekly say well I
had chicken curry almost every day in
Malaysia and Singapore Malaysia ah no no
phones I like that are you still you
didn't run again or I hear make sure
she's on the table peas you like peas
potatoes isn't it right oh my gosh oh
this onion okay ready for all you're
trying to send you great yeah let it
cool off okay guys wait what thank your
page I'm very cinnamon did you know
there's a lot but I wouldn't have
thought cinnamon with no mires you see
how she put that taste it I didn't know
they were cinnamon and curry Mike's Raj
story tastes anonymous y'all it's really
hot we're gonna be here a second I don't
want it so bad oh my god you told me to
come pay have an auntie to their sisters
and page called hers Nani and we call
ours mommy sister cousin audience or
sister so they're pretty similar
because rabbi because it wasn't
pressurizer the best animal waiting
three hot page already ate some why all
the rest
uh-huh my not having any more news and
more salt
mm-hmm was good don't wanna be religious
any cinnamon clove Road hop I got a
great question of the day because we
usually do this when we sit down and we
haven't been sitting down to dinner
lately hello
ding-ding-ding oh thanks yeah my high
was really my high oh okay my I'll just
continue to eat my high get off the
table
wait nope good thank you in yeah get
your foot off the table
uh-huh well I'm not getting to go to the
nail form
yeah we've decided to go both right
before we leave okay my high hold on my
love just not turning out how I wanted
it might be okay it is not annoying it's
fine it's great I'm gonna get more
exactly the way I did it I don't know
and then my height is being having a
relaxing fun day mmm why use that plate
outside of the Delta Julie maybe don't
know much small is any just all thank
you
coming wind that's good I'll try that
can't make it a low you got to think up
something but that's good I like days
like that
no girls really you didn't do anything I
didn't want you
my high is that Paige cooked up a yummy
yummy yummy dinner
yum yum is that good for you is that it
best mother that knows unique okay I
feel good about that too yummy jasmine
right for the record Milo is the hard
one to think that I can't really think
of a low well how about this that my
house was so deep so cluttered that we
had to spend a couple hours decluttering
I'm glad it's done but it makes me sad
that it gets cluttered so thank you
well I'm sorry Haley was over there
organizing find out see see all today
plan anymore I'll put more in the pot so
guys let their back on today tomorrow I
don't even know Oh Oh Andy and Andrew
and daddy are going to Six Flags the
rest of us are not I don't know what
we're going to do we're all going to
plan a Hershey Park trip okay stay tuned
for some fun rides with those guys and
whatever we decide to do here we will
see you tomorrow comment down below what
your high and your low is we love to
play that game we don't do it very often
we try to do it we sit down for a meal
and obviously that's what happen very
often so on this when we're vlogging so
we'll see it tomorrow bye bye always
remember to celebrate life based on a
bang
thanks for watching
Rick Haley
