it's time for what cami
good morning treatment okay I got like
12 hours
squeeze night what you're not a bungee I
wish they'd get sick it was feel really
bad if you have to spoon and I just
affect or like anything just finish that
so we're going to jam it house
I'm always tired I feel it sounds like
how do you don't have anything else to
say but you say I tired
I either asleep I even sleep too much or
not enough some always type anyway
this is the last day of gym until we go
to Toronto Toronto wait I didn't know no
and as you should shouldn't don't okay
because I'll be in Toronto by the time
you see this probably or on our way to
Toronto any edgy so we're going to
Toronto what are you doing in Toronto
filming the season 2 of 0 listen to our
YouTube red show ok guys let us not all
the other part of our humongous trip is
well let's go to the back rock your hair
wanted to do like promos for my gel
that's what we're doing and I'm really
excited because they also wanted to like
a photo shoot like pictures and stuff to
the photo shoot is going to be in Hawaii
we're going to do it right is my hostage
I'm very excited because otherwise my
last day and um so a few families are
going about your hair family the several
family and us that's gonna be great
because it's Hawaii and it's going to be
beautiful and it's going to be great
because it's a lie and we've never been
how we've always wanted together so
today we're going to like what is it
call Snicket somehow we now
any god of ocean sea years is it the
same mouth like stole the family name
Maui knowledge if you sound right okay
so which is like still that been rumors
were true
hey guys is this just more like how do
you guys even know oh my god why he like
oh oh I couldn't find me to mother for
it we don't repeat butter
I found the tell obvious rephrase of it
we've got plenty of dollar I love you
too butter in there leave me better
really glad you like that movie you do
because that's for peanut butter belongs
we are up here in this room because
Paige is editing some videos for her
channel and we are going to start
packing for our humongous trip we have
coming up we've got we're going like
Toronto Hawaii
we already announced it Paige don't look
at me like that and then also after that
because any did it
in the car on the way to the table on
the way to Jim the morning see on this
camera after that we're going to see the
ex lives that we do have oh and before
CVX we're going to LA to film her music
video to stopping there for a day I've
never yes I have when I was little but
they have not Oh
so we have to pack Annie wanted us to
wait to pack her stuff normally I pack
all her stuff but she wanted to excuse
me I did a good job packing for you
thank you
what did you do away and then we're
going to go pack Haley's stuff do you
want to help or do you trust us hope oh
I bet she does
I bet process okay so we already have
some stuff could we whip shopping and we
realize we're talking again we have to
shop for I told you for your music
videos much we're dead what the music
video okay you remember that you guys
remember that song she recorded a couple
weeks ago in LA we have a holey jeans
and then I took him to church on Sunday
and now they're holy look Haley why you
so quiet
are you allergic to right now we're not
allergic to raw veggies and apples weird
your beard you know did I tell you that
certain fruits and vegetables that I
need to mix my throat like swallow must
be weird feeling like the same thank you
no oh are you gonna nope can you shot in
the wind start the tree is a tree okay
y'all lightning just struck so bad
everything's fine you think it's okay no
I don't have to go out I want to go out
and look we'll be okay say don't let
pipe out that was so loud make it just
took out our cable oh that was so loud
like literally this happened like 10
seconds before I turned the camera on
Haley's with crying Paige came running
downstairs yeah I don't know what is it
sound like a hit right here should you
go
Oh check it out we'll take it on the
roof what happens when lightning strikes
a house it didn't like strike right
there
it's like black right there I don't know
what it looks like when it strikes well
it should never happen again
because lightning doesn't strike at the
same place twice huh except only that
were true
no sign of anything really
if it smells upstairs last thing inside
rip like oh that's a problem oh my gosh
helps no an exam and then that thing the
flash is out better than that things
don't know law what they cook when I
smell anything that's that that Jar Jar
start again oh it's a jar it's got it's
a it's actually a cell for a cell phone
case and I have a roll along you heard
them I think you just happen to see that
such thing on something having
everything it could have made it blink
but I mean it's got like a button that
you push to make it light up it did it
let it on my to let it up that outside
I'm gonna let up outside to the
lightning lightning struck right in this
area doesn't that just mullet but now
it's not anybody
I don't we all see a man destroyed marks
your I've never seen that happen we do
need a new roof though knots happening
to the alarm still going off what major
electricity what why'd it go
lightning see what's freaking out a
little bit fire but then the Google
thing to send a warning for it done
warning marinate a lightning watch it
really washing me right before it strike
arcology hit it close by Google didn't
tell me that down there's only enough
hey oh wait we asked Google what the
weather was so it probably play it up
here - shoulda listened for havin yeah
it was about oh my gosh well on the
bright side I've got all of Annie's
upcoming trips up that was thunder it's
okay
upcoming stuff is it is an open circuit
alright yeah we need to check the whole
house this room makes me so happy cuz
it's clean still look check the breakers
storm party Lisa yeah remember that we
have my mind you didn't even know yeah
man really get out
you said yeah after Paige said should we
get out
so I roar ah generators kicked in no he
said yeah because of something else I
thought he meant that too so I was going
to run I've only heard Oh horses asses
dumb question why would you ever get out
about watch the house explode it's a
house and exploit yeah
we do the whole know y'all remember when
he shaking
okay so say you still say okay I don't
think of any looks chef but shaking he's
shaking the Kerbal I lost a fish missing
her leg shake she hates it way to bring
me all my gosh oh my gosh a will win you
know you mean her looks like Oh princess
hello lovely princess pulsate meanwhile
you just got the bone to Susan doesn't
usually on that when the lightning
struck oh hurt it she doesn't hurt
the rumblin we made her hot
her she's not really shaking as much
anymore scores like it uh girls
did I say hot love which is the other
one to me look-alike twin no thank you
it was the other dresses before I know
but I remember she did say a different
word that she changed a clown week you
can clone
hello you can just watch it back on the
video
wait no really helping on we are trying
to write that you'd like resistance
please finish that means I can see this
tutorial on how to get this look and
this look just do a yoga so stay tuned
and keep watchin what is going on over
here
bloom aye we had a whole stack of make
not make up medicine and Haley hook up
on herself to organize the cabinet back
up because it became a mess this is
awesome thank you
she might be the best organizer of the
house you're welcome
he needs like we here in Annie we can't
film Annie right now because she's got
to go take that makeup off they have a
they have a fancy video coming out let
me guess you got some okay thanks and
then y'all can do a question of the day
we survived the lightning strike I would
happy to report we are all safe and
sound we didn't have to evacuate so
that's always good um if anybody does
anybody want more cookies Haley's like
cleanie-cleanie cleaning it clean guns
no it's not driving her nut should you
break me and then do not start
patrolling no we're gonna okay put in a
baggie no and we'll put it in a pantry
then put this in the pantry getting all
the good pieces you need today put it in
a baggie and put in the pantry
I like your cleaning spirit so let's not
smash it to the ground
we're good you not well it's putting in
a battery we've got stuff on their faces
from ok ok I'm taking their makeup off
route this little guys like you ever
play with them in hair ok ok all right
question of the day you do it well
I have a question okay what is it
Oh head scratches and background
dissolves my eyeball from survival trip
I'm ahead
I'd say hash brown head Paul Annie hmm
all right guys update for the day
we don't leave for our big trip now for
two days later than we had thought I
don't know if we said when we were
leaving but now it's gotten pushed two
days but that's okay more submission we
are we're shopping tomorrow for your
music video here you can have all right
guys the day has come to an end it all
come wave up here we will see you
tomorrow comment down below back
scratches head scratches or eyeball
scratches fade isn't really here bye
guys see you tomorrow
always remember to celebrate life hey
babe
thanks for watching
Chris Haley
