time for what cami hey they fixed her
own breakfast see later gourmet chef you
ready to go girl there you get you a
dress still I'm going to give you 32
seconds to eat in 15 seconds and 15
seconds to get dressed
ready set one to take you to the nail
salon but it's maybe it'll be later
today okay go do horseback ridings Annie
and then we'll see we're not a page and
they are not doing that right now I
don't buy going to target tonight and
stay in the mall we're done here he just
showed up out of oh my god did you find
yourself like how do I walk memory I had
to get bathing suits I realized that
somewhere in all this madness
I have misplaced two bathing suits that
I just bought so I had to come by myself
amazing
and now we've got Hayley she chose a
scanner how you know if you're a winner
in life where hey Liam I was going to
win out of mind
Haley abandoned me apparently hanging
out with mommy and Paige was way cooler
than going horseback riding with me and
Annie so now I'm all by myself until a
knee and some of gymnastics
how's it going to ban fresh food
something here is healthy Nicole what I
got
don't know like a salad it's like a got
her pineapple um tail it's like you got
strawberry banana and a panini and put
her tail on that there's councillor
Neill of the tail trying to eat a little
healthier trying
I feel like I try and then I get
laughing yeah and then I tie again and
you give that click excited you want to
bite imagine
I love my favorite thing you need to
have in the kitchen custo daily and I
love yeah I handed it over to me
reporter without tomatoes probable and
they're not patent it I was about to
maybe some interrupts mini mini tomatoes
come out come out wherever you'll kind
of failure you slash a bus to fill out a
book a flaw of leprefrog turnaround I
like it I don't think you have it all
night and then I got my own note on
upside down oh yeah I'm very confused
buck in my hair dad not good oh you know
I mean Cat Cat the butterflies okay cat
the butterfly spread your wings and fly
away really yes
kid where this makes Halloween
scoot butterflies we have butterflies
now I want to be a nerd like a real nerd
what would be different about never know
oh the candy nerd unit to do it
oh yeah one DuBose she looks like a
grandma killing me you know this old
friends up and I didn't realize it like
a beach at a time but I have one at home
right now it's not work it's not
colorful
okay wait why didn't they just finding
some great retirement pages okay let's
do shopping don't like em do you like
the yellow one I like the yellow one
I just got picked up from Jim my hands
hurt and I didn't fall for the first
time and it was and I I did it but I
feel like hitting my heels on the collar
if you guys know what I mean I don't
think you do but that happened because
this event of yours runs fingers yeah
I'll click horseshoes big mouth horses
we are going to ride horses right now
we're going to zoom out we're going to
be lucky
yes it resistor damn she's really funny
this should be real another 70 fans why
leave I told mall to get the camera for
Mom and I was going to come pick you up
and she was going to go where we're
going to go the mommy's gonna stake them
all and then should we got there today
yeah I want to see with mommy feeding a
bunny reading a lot of comments we play
with the bunny all the time we just
thought you guys we're not tired of
seeing you like in everything right well
as good as not the video doesn't really
help doing it
addy was playing with the bunny she's
gonna like it
now well the bunny is aggressively it's
not like a normal buddy that runs from
it'll run up to chill run up to you and
I bet you why did she wants to be like
in your lap and stuff some people just
fear sometimes we shall put your little
tender little nerve you like oh that's
cute and the next thing you know she bit
you
she know - really really what she wants
she was like grand to close in full but
sometimes if you're wearing this she
gets your skin and she pulls it
really that
short-term like sometimes scared of her
like okay this is gonna sound weird for
like if she bites me I like give her a
little nudge
I'll bike so I'm standing up and she bit
my toe so I don't never don't get day
four I gave her a little nudge and she
came back and she bit my toe again I
gave him a little nudge and she just
come back and I'll be okay you can't buy
my dough and I would push her away and
come back and try buy my daughter short
I was like this is buddy never learn
no but bunnies don't really learn I
don't know if there are quadruplets but
they were like four babies sitting on
the floor it was like opening I don't
know if I can bring something and they
were all so cute they just a little oh
my gosh
one was like I feel like one was a lot
younger which is I only there's
quadruplets one was like a lot tinier
and like geez
then a picture like with me been pushing
up on their like their arms like a for
all four of them what the loin slices
does is like so tiny she could lick your
head just using laying on the floor and
their head down and just was like a
potato and then her mom came over and
sat her up like this and the baby goes
and polish that factor for five or so
it's all pro know is a great victory
seven is a broke just had to gonna ride
her today excited that the excited to
ride Lena
thank God he involved towards the more
you talk with her to have this here and
this is the sad side of our overacting
what happened to that altar a long time
go get your chest and peloton okay
you
you made it
you doing it we got robbed
you don't eat us but nothing you don't
see 15 bad let's see 15 bags no doubt
any of them about your crap we clean it
Raquel
was I don't said stick a beat-down
doesn't have a break on it at all the
prejudices
I call this
yeah oh I reckon dinner
Oh wonderful
don't is a brick wall you're going to
run your finger not what do we have here
dinya her birthday doesn't like seafood
much past crazy she'll want the shrimp
do we get shot so I think we need a
butter sauce for this mm under yeah
let's make a butter sauce feeling silly
you should make it learn butter garlic
yes how about you guys come eat dinner
crab and shrimp this is a nice prime
spot for music please if you want some
privacy
yeah do you want Piper to come in and
make some with you they're gonna smell
the crabs crabs watch you smell it
Winnie crabs are so much work I don't
want to let me just pouring down Goodin
lon is there a line shrimps a little
easier oh okay we'll discuss in the car
it's hard to find rankings in the rain
you're wearing I should stop talking
right now I think you sick this is more
there's no more yellow jersey paddle now
very important energy chosen you I've
had enough rain way to say I should not
put this in the video where all these
people can see no I'm sorry you will get
to see how you are
no you don't want them to see how you
are gonna be our coffee in be you page I
mean all right Annie stepping in I guess
the music leaves are made and now taking
how I gave us know how many to make
slide entice any but I'm
got anyone okay but you're going to get
some beets and crops first I can't tell
if I like this or not how does it like
TV oh did you show more till she can
decide I still make the fishing show up
though crab you pick this is that when I
say pick them up yeah is it a girl or a
boy crab oh no no oh that thing it's
good it's a boy oh wait we're excited
like when you find out the gender of
something you get excited baby now would
you have been grossed out with a girl I
don't know they said they wouldn't want
some soon I know it's too hard I'm
protecting I thought you could only eat
boy somebody drained out ones along the
only voice that's out number four the
water's going scared about logic
sometimes if you think about eating it
very barbaric huh well you don't think
so Billy gave me a look you don't think
it's barbaric like what's far minute
just I don't know what the exact
definition of barbaric but like I mean
maybe using someone's shirt meeting
meaning me eating meat is barbaric to us
well that's what we're doing this
evening on this is good I can push up an
inside the crime like I'm gonna hear all
day okay oh my gosh Mike I can't breathe
nope did you just drink my milk
hey like you went up my brain Danny
starting your first contract you signed
it it's all signed and ready to go
excited hey where are we going guys hey
Kay and why are we going to Krispy
Kremes because pages more respect for us
no one forces you I'm on my
and I have to just have a street
prevented so but I wore my alone right
now you can have a treat one day out of
the week this is my day one no no no no
no why don't you go popcorn yesterday
but no one meal a day one snack or one
what anyone know I'm a Laker Jen you ate
one two three
oh my gotta be to be indoors good
buckles
I got a living bum up this tells me last
night I think Nautilus drive miles very
last minute runs around the corner okay
guys so we're going to go only get
subscribers if the hot lights on help
refresh because they're going to see
this on Friday which is that the most
important thing everywhere Krispy Kreme
is for 80 cents maybe cents you can get
a dozen donuts and they OMG train set
okay I don't know
yes your neighbors okay okay I'm here in
your friend doesn't mean a light gun
right right heritage over here yeah over
there hello yeah y'all y'all have hi
doughnuts right okay can I get two dozen
glazed do you see that over there that
looks like smoothies it's filling for
the donut look at that oh we want a
couple of you are sorry we're like it's
messy
thank you who wants a donut in the
ternoon and however that's late you be
back home
oh wait hey I can't get this way go over
there we need to go right
we hacking away yeah wait we look that
way to the right yep we did we turned
around we turned around we go to the
right okay I get it yeah perfect
hey hey Matt coming sir I did get sick
one time and you're always coming to
look at my phone look at the president
always on the car and every oh my gosh
those are beautiful
yes he's driving on a part of my diet my
friend kick or kick on it Oh melting in
your mouth you know they are so freckle
did you just hang up donut disaster
question is a time is what's your
favorite makeup like what you figure
like I mmm foundations and Rose blush
like mascara highlighter no hmm of
course now just add to it so don't
forget calm down below learn another
verse in the days what is your favorite
makeup sectioning now this so you know
what I mean so bye guys
see you tomorrow love you so much always
remember to celebrate life Hey
change-of-basis take baby thanks for
watching Chris Haley
