time for my cami somebody is still
sleepy good you me that's true he's
gonna eat some breakfast okay
oh honey buns Bob burger are you so are
still where here's on your leg yes
you're happy
I never we're good what about your brain
is it sore and not use it enough then
how many more days of school or weeks of
school to you but and one subject right
for baby the two more days are you going
to do it tomorrow you can finish you're
going to do it tomorrow you can finish
but today you'll do two and then
tomorrow you'll do two and you'll be
like huh and then you'll be like whoo
like that and then you can start your
next goal school the next week
we've been here for two seconds she
already forgot her phone and the water
bottle and the food now okay
are your hands pulling up
close together oh yeah you're so ready
for me Wow good morning to you too
actually it's right after noon just
right after noon and he's done let's
practice yes
40 minutes 40 minutes same difference oh
my gosh I just picked a girl up from gym
and I brought her some lunch again
she's always carving can you guys take a
guess that was a little hint if you
guess right okay so how is practice
he was great they were good he was
really good I disappointed you all
beginning is better than because of
being on being today I was like
hyperextending my aunt on my back Mary
mr. that and it's probably just like I'm
been on my arms a lot lately so like I
can't hyper sending it I was like okay I
told her Jenny I was like my elbow is
hurting anyway it was hurting like every
time I push on it so I then do bars I
did conditioning and I did you tumbling
with like one arm and then conditioning
to vote yep so like I said because of
beam which went okay besides the pain
okay well that was a fun story Annie
thank you for entertaining us once again
welcome home go to school you're almost
done with history history such a mystery
hey Haley whatcha doin doggy falling I
know what she's doing she's hiding her
face from me because I told her to go
wash it Oh cuz you were in trance with
the TV I said because Annie and Haley
did their makeup yesterday which stay
tuned for a video and Haley didn't wash
her face and she woke up this morning
and mascara this was on her and I go
today go wash your face and now she's
hiding her face from me what are you
gonna do today oh yes school gold and oh
you're an editing school you gotta look
at these babies it's hot you guys need
to come in and get a drink
the summer is in full swing
well Gigi live in black you got to stay
two feet away from Winnie when you're in
black pants that's the rule the other
two don't shed too badly and of course
their fur is not white try fur our dogs
have no manners to beat rule do we troll
gosh the circus in here now they're
going back out completely is going out
so excited Pied Piper get two pictures I
really just tackled me okay you two stop
they've been getting on each other's
nerves lately saw Piper okay okay okay
okay okay okay
no they're not playing all right hybrid
got attitude lately look at this big old
branch it ripped this it didn't even
storm it was just rain what look at this
I know it rained a lot Alba hurt that
bad like a scale of 1 to them right now
yeah 6 my erisa
know when I put any stuff it stopped
about 8 it's been putting pressure on
really my wrist is starting to hurt
again but I'd only say it like a three
when have I ever explained I think what
happened to my wrist is unfortunately
and sadly holding my phone because it
started hurting as soon as I got the
plus or about that time and it got
better wearing the brace so I stopped
wearing the brace wanna go for a swim
Manny
okay private it is pipe another predator
all right Haley so long time have you've
been on that trampoline let me see it
you best trick in five four three two
one
whoa Simon Lebon to dare along at home
ways and their father today one another
she wants to go down and play is
feminine ownership of your nothing my
name is yeah like you come to me
Shh
response thank you thank you whistle oh
so you only get one right now that's
awesome for something
listen thank you so much rhaggy down
what thank you
what you sow Annie oh my gosh your phone
just so ok so annie is doing school and
half school go Annie too terrible and
I'm looking some TP I'm still doing
school mmm almost done but been doing
this a long time it's like five I
haven't stopped during school since
12:30
so what do you guys them to have what
happened today what are we going to
usually to do anything is gonna sit here
in much TV and do nothing when even I'm
gonna dance
I don't know she just stay here and do
nothing all day well cuz it's um you
should be doing game so I'm listening
school peace out so I am done with
school I could not think any of longer I
have a little bit here it does nothing
for about 30 but it excuse me and we're
going outside and now yeah I'm gonna
stand up first I'm going to go to keep
oh my gosh my hair is stuck in the
zipper ah long hair for again this hack
so let's get in perfect
so doesn't just and I'm gonna go outside
now and dogs are gonna love it it's a
mess in here if you guys wanted to know
because the dogs were like Tyrone Oaks
boobs when I was too lazy to get up so
soon school but then me very excited go
outside and like let goes up at 3:00
go go go go go for a for abort
go go go go go oh when the world are
yappy dog let's go oh wow so let's where
you're walking now your milky hi
from who I guess they're running why so
we're hiding right now I think because
women I see look ready that isn't in me
throw any calls me for nothing I don't
know why she's gone what
okay you know it's funny I was just
cleaning out the office what are you
little weird I was doing huh hey what'd
you do with my fishing pole girl where
is it isn't a bow you taking some
polaroid pictures and I stopped when I
realized I didn't know how to take them
Oh what would you have done if you had
caught one cried yeah put in the water
like this Oh turn away from me fishy
it's goat away
how did together the longer I can wait
how'd you get out you're not allowed out
here you're not out here Daniel I'm
talking to Piper she gave you the look
so we're hanging out outside all the
girls know she's scared because there's
Jen have her collar on but she has a
purse not scared anymore
she's got calls yeah mary-kate will you
wear the collar I had a friend in high
school that put on my dog's bark collar
I remember that and I know who what I
know who it was
Kyle hey guy of your watching he
probably doesn't watch but he was when I
really good friends in high school and
he would put the bark collar on and then
he would like make a loud noise and
would shock him like we're always
talking oh damn boys are dumb
I mean top boys are just goofy envision
that hailey so back what what is your
phone doing notification why is the
flash come on popular yes they're
stuffing I got to kill your battery and
okay Annie tell them what you just
figured out yesterday popular the flash
is like running your memory free hey
hurry kindergarten my god is she serious
you figure that out yesterday or today
are you Josie wait here
discovered it discovered I was excited
cuz they get covered uh-huh discovered
the target symbol is a target now and
then just like the chick-fil-a once
again she's so popular I was supposed to
be like someone holding hands with
someone else like shaking which for
which are so the Hyundai Hyundai the
Hyundai be Pedram is a person where Indy
CentOS really serious you guys are
blowing people's minds right now wait
just like your little mind was blown
full soul Barroso rooms and a bear in
the mountain why we hover woman she
please realize recent Lani yeah a bit
elastic modest in wearing so many things
we should have a question of the day
while they're here
I don't have one last another day
favorite songs okay sweet is it i 12 I
tweeted I tweeted quote I thought a spat
everywhere I spat I spit I Spit I just
sat everywhere I just pulled it anywhere
not good I like nothing like that some
five minutes
oh and why never girl for the back from
the day with your favorite song
something like that to me girl oh I like
that song I like I have you man but I
don't know duh Miley Cyrus I don't die a
happy man oh my money and I admit or
climb my mind inside of you waiting for
my Shawn Mendes oh I love Shawn Mendes
wait
oh yeah attention wrong by well I like
Charlie / Danielle with her favorite
song and she kidding because she said it
was such a straight face I love that
song but what was the Selena
that song that was similar to oh wait
yes oh no you always find your way about
some wrecking ball no I was wrecking
ball in Malibu
it's about Malibu illa issues with that
voice you can pay fo longest so from the
longest song look at you when I look at
ya she don't even know the name but she
loves it
her favorite song okay guys we're going
to go ahead and in the video here thanks
for joining us I don't even know what we
did today but but you get to comment
your favorite song because that's fun
see you tomorrow guys mom always
remember to celebrate a thanks for
watching Chris Haley
