time for what cami hello everybody
longer when you wait to saw me getting
the camera out she's like all right I'll
just wait
how's everybody day going I just grabbed
a knee serving actually thank you can I
brought you some food
so how was practice was it better today
yes good hundred tell me because it was
sore this morning so and they're like I
can't you can't you can't even to do
anything spectacular like that you're
like wow I can't believe I did that
after being out of the gym Brazeau long
it just got to the gym right like I
walked into the gym I can't believe I
was able to walk in the gym and walk out
a smile on your face is it a fake smile
I think it's a real smile oh yeah don't
laugh okay tickle you oh all right
home school because like the stays are
dwindling down of school she did some
art art music last night when she
couldn't sleep wow it's cool one week of
art okay well that one I feel like I
don't even need to do music right one
it's like hidden hidden what every day
it says show two more courses so I click
on that courses so maybe like meals like
a secret okay like surprise you have
more or maybe if you already do you if
you don't have to I think I'm good with
music I got 100 on my test so that's
good but you have to finish the course
alright we're going to get home we're
going to clean out another room in the
house like trying to do a one room a day
we did the garage yesterday today we
might do the dog room because it's a
horrible mess like I'll sleep in Piper
said what you guys do oh don't let my
first bed i Peter saw the later cleanest
probably probably Gigi's is not you call
Gigi the dirtiest reacted I think she
just suits him it really let me grew up
you didn't clean it the one who finds it
cleans it that's a new rule starting
whenever you just saw that so next time
I'm going to close my house I stirred
guys throughout the ice ice ice I'm just
gonna go with my eyes throughout the
house you know what I mean oh don't make
me laugh please I'm getting school again
and understand kind of a chill school
yeah I've got five more lessons now for
my life back to this this week
in school right now learning about I'm
in history learning about China's like
inventions and stuff like I don't know
lesson called the treasures of China
that's what I'm learning about I'm so
sore I can't even move today I
discovered that pre-k is
pre-kindergarten I know my genius I
don't how I started that we were hung
like kindergarten and stuff how's it I'm
feel like pre-k pre-kindergarten a
people are just so smart sometimes so
I'm going to try some school then I
don't want them to do so stay tuned
pouring outside and it's supposed to
rain tomorrow too makes for a lazy day
how did school go show you done yet are
you done yet are you done yet guys we
really haven't done anything today these
lazy days are starting to become normal
it's not normal to be so lazy we got to
get up get something done I'm spending
this time trying to focus on TV on the
camera oh my gosh you are so cute well
where are you going hey Winnie dog
I could watch them all day we'd laugh
today if it hadn't rained we put it on
the boat hobo's yeah
you won't you two lazy bums get up and
do something you're gonna do Lana Lana
oh good when II don't hear thunder what
I tell your thunder we need you want to
go to shop or George my Katie she's dumb
she's gonna go
like she said the outsider who's got a
bunch of a food what's for dinner
whatever you cook what you do in your
bought board you throw a wall that your
unsuspecting children they're really not
balls are squishies I can't see it for
the camera I was looking through the
camera first mistake don't try to catch
a squishy looking through the viewfinder
Annie Annie I'm using the camera look oh
my gosh they want the Sun to come what
that whatever problems oh she wants them
it's like her ball honey what are you
doing let her get on the couch 1 for the
July do you think she owns the place
so remember her blue ball where's her
blue ball
ah I mean GG sore throat and we're not
throwing those so mean some care how
nice it is she wants it in their mouth
one two three
what's a sore spot
what in the world is that for sores and
thanks Isaac a message a message
are you excited I'm sorry mom and I do
like who's all right here somebody who
haven't used that muscle alone in a
while I'm going okay we finally got off
our lazy bums we're going to clean and
apparently they're bringing snacks down
so we're going to clean the disgusting
horrible what's wrong
what is nature
why did you just think of that I told
Paige she should put some of those
eyelashes on winning huh but new one she
got I next one okay put the hop pick
that up try here
we're going down to clean the horrible
disgusting dog it's worse in the garage
because we locked them in there so we
don't have to lock them in their cages
the other day and they kind of those
reviews right try to be nice to you guys
and you destroyed it we're going to do
it before and you guys it's for fourth
up
they chewed up my cute reindeer jaja
that's why we're in here cleaning at you
guys it's really bad and so bad it's
embarrassing oh my gosh look what they
did all the clothes ready for like
what's it called the stuff that Haley's
grown out of donation and comes of stuff
it's saved for Haley I just assume it's
bad down here and we are going to clean
it you thought it was kind of go to bed
yeah okay good night honey
you snuggle with Winnie not the whole
time just until Annie comes down with
shoes on you should probably go get
shoes on it no I don't even know where
to start
oh my gosh I don't even know what to do
look they got all these clothes out tore
that up oh please no sleeping well no
you can't go Piper away it only took us
really about 30 minutes but it is done
um yeah well a bunch of like when you
first so want to see it are you ready
are you set look how good that is
you guys are coordinated dum-dum-dum-dum
look at all
really we're going to put their beds
back into mommy's washing them right now
so that only took us only to smell like
30 miles or so and it was worth it
I thought mean hey we just did to make a
video so that's going to be coming out
soon no matter you should be ready for
that but I'm just recently my bed I'm
screenwriter that's what I'm doing there
watching TV down there okay guys we're
heading up to bed
question for daytime which is no movies
or TV shows like movies movies it's
really bad I think so don't forget to
comment down below tune and now the
Russians of the day and movies
we're TV bye guys we'll see you tomorrow
we're gonna go to bed love you guys so
much
hope you have a good day you know always
remember to celebrate life hey babe
thanks for watching
Britt Haley
