time for what cami hi what's happening
what's she doing
does your hair light good your likes to
drink is sorry
you want yours done STP feel like you're
standing in the bull who's the funny
guys what you might not know she doesn't
like the camera interview yeah makes you
mad like hang bud sure here for now July
everyone um it took us like so long to
get ready even I'd anything edges are
dressed I don't know so I'm going
outside bubbles I'm probably going to
bring them going over to Mia's now going
to over to vias and me asked me to it's
a beautiful day out Haley collated our
hair happy fourth of July everyone you
know where you said that but she's
getting life jackets whose we're going
to go apparently
the ice house is really fun I had like a
bunch of but you can swing off the
balcony and stuff I'm supposed to
so to be fine here can you hold that
look how good your hair looks wait turn
the camera on
well it is look at this look at this
look here it's not dry yet look at that
look at that to me a naic looks fake
yeah not dry yet
honey gosh look how cool okay guys in
the craziness of this morning and
getting ready for 4th of July I didn't
get to film the process but hey we got
her dip dyed kool-aid
oh he did oh goody he did it I was
trying to get ready we were kind of in a
little bit of a rush inform is outgoing
cool I know she looks like a little cute
blondie Hey look at you you guys all
look cute I love everybody's outfit are
we supposed to be leaving right now
minutes ago we're late we probably
should have at this rate everybody's
outfit looks so good you can take a
picture I know Georgie's not really
going boys it's all about the picture
not really about the 4th of July right
she's leaving us you guys hear me no
okay
what you taking your Polaroid and
starting this thing on my wall and hang
up sponge a Polaroid okay sound like a
plan run the whole like my holding race
with Polaroid of yourself okay hurry up
everybody gosh
these nails she's gonna love the hair
look at my hair you guys
I mean it's we all everybody does it
come on y'all were at be of health is
this not amazing success Cora I see it
no time but can't be like greedy do you
see it like I see it I'm filming it
what kind of trouble are we about to get
in to have to be here I think I can't
you swing back and hit the deck now tell
me about science here really
scientifically she won't swing back and
hit the duck right because that's what
I'm thinking that's what I'm thinking
but if I pushed her right if I push her
she would okay that's your hollow
science lesson professor
like what okay but still be careful
because you are up high don't push me
gonna pick you up - yes Hannah please
imagine like Nicator going like like
yeah go ahead
Oh y'all have like a little rope squirt
over there yeah oh well I don't know
that happened no yeah I can't bring it
to her cuz I don't want her leaning
okay come on all right Haley good you
know I don't have fun it up I see how
much fun you're having
look at her hair does it drive no thank
you
oh my lord all buddy-buddy kool-aid oh
yes okay anything on the screen on me
isn't awesome
wait I want to get a fiddling it's all
about the pictures what happened she did
not you would you want her name cora
coralina
I think that's hilarious you've got two
different shoes it happens it's if Kara
keep getting off I'm getting off I don't
want to be the only girl in the boat
that's boring that's not together Haley
but Haley I'll tell ya it's warm aren't
you hot jump
I'm hot oh and I was jumping here jump
on the Dolph to start deciding took job
so jump in it one I think that's the
first time you've been in this year
alright so the girls are swimming while
the boys are on the boat Mia's brother
and Friends
and then the min will quit then the
girls will go on idea
keep your circuits over here the shark
is going you like yet Iraq one occupied
the fun boy
you
it's like a shark attack so done
so does yes are just being rescued he
kind of floated off while we were taking
pictures
what are you doing right now look at
that Oh to to to to look really good at
it I don't even know you got it you
remember that I didn't go into English
wait really that what is that that's
what tubing is yeah hanging onto the
handles and trying not to fall into the
shark's water yeah oh my gosh just
imagine if you guys are I imagine
they're sharks like imagine you have to
just hold on I don't know I wouldn't
metal n'avons looked over I saw 101 are
going right now with fright super so
yeah we're gonna move on that and we're
going to go super fast I'm going to fall
for the first time seconds literally I
always do okay look at these three
amigas who's ready to slip in because
that is going to be our is the word I'm
looking for my agenda Haley is going to
be in charge of the hand signal for when
they want to slow down or go faster yeah
I'm curious do all three of you agree on
the speed or do you think someone could
be like okay I can't quite wrap is ha
yeah but they said any always go ahead
only Facebook you we're faster good
alright let's make our back to the first
one off to the boys follow up twice
I always
you
are you guys
what with what that seed to find I got
no stubborn you good
did you rub it on my back
right if I know you're excited
Haley and I are going to get on we're
going to go super slow like I'm also
okay you didn't talk to me
oh it's not there's nothing on that just
water the way does it run about little
video all right you got to go hey here's
my camera K I will take some pictures
with in the ground you might get a
little wet because you're going on a
boat just like so song your hair will
blow in the way I can guarantee they
look like okay I'm really scared of a
lot like veterinary sterilized wrong
wrong really see when I see very I'll
get up
Haley I'm so proud of you yes he's not
going to go too fast
we've got some American food I had
thought to come repairing my bun to the
bun is waiting got mac and cheese
synthesis you drank my water well you
know the old your face love it and
that's how you know that blueberry yum
Yum's goodie it's not a hand young man
you may go the bean plant thank you
chick-fil-a now have mac and cheese yes
we learned that today big announcement I
don't know that was a secret but Mia's
not a secret you know I just realized
shoes you can get beans ready being a my
tribe and chick-fil-a me and hinari-chan
it's good you guys okay here comes a
blueberry yum yum the American flag
blueberry yum yum did you make it it's
strawberry the strawberry or cherry sure
is good as daddy's in there and we
brought it by the way it's like a best
friend plate okay that's enough Wow yeah
no we have to play through it you can
put together and more make amends they
said there weren't more plate I just I'm
just putting them you ah I haven't tried
do I get the pictures yes the fourth of
July pictures you guys Oh Annie where
are you there she is my favorite one is
all silly ones in case I don't post
these because I'm world worried about
posting oh thank your account and it
what are you doing hey what's right
where's your airtight turn your air drop
on me okay let me see
really it's not getting chlorine in your
eyes you're not getting chlorine in your
eyes now what are you going to do we
give me the topical oh okay come on we
got this push off the tree if you can
ready
Plus
she wants to show us how she grabs on
and you can have a turn no pressure and
I don't know where I can
Helmuth miss flick filming you know I
got I got you
you didn't grab on coming to our hair
yeah our hair next time so let go
oh why you hi you win hi girls
anyway what are we talking about puppy
dogs yeah we are talking about your
crush if you know you like him no we
miss you man oh this top city all
crushed should be your puppy dogs jacks
alright you guys watch this
a page is not competitive at all today
in it Billy and Chris against Cathy and
Paige all right Josh we taking you on Oh
dawn now yeah I'm ready whoo
come up Bunga
scripting that we laugh as soon as the
rain okay well know they'll be fireworks
in the frame rain on the fourth of July
it's happened before
I know your haven't got much handy on
this parade we can go buy candy no crime
we're going to something fun when the
train stopped Iago in the socks in the
rain
yes sir we got
kind of always a cornball way to go
cheerful we're on our way home we were
so tired and we are here's my picking up
or faces are in our phones that's what
you say when you're when you're tired
editing a photo rehearsing fourth of
July photo thank you guys whoo it'll be
next you know top all surveys
he is buckle just make him turn alright
we're going to want to take naps and be
really boring but we've had a long day
when he was - on the bone and like stop
I want to call Thunder again meanwhile
we're just chilling on the goat
the rain is kind of stopped by the
Thunder is coming by Piper go protect
weenie
hey Winnie you okay no no the Winnie
knows you've got a lot on the go but
it's done degree she she should be
allowed in a thunder it's okay Winnie
I'll protect you my back is bad huh that
will protect you
you scared she's nervous she's sitting
right here staring out the window whoa
my battery's almost dead I don't want to
get up and get a fresh one whoa
we've been food ran a battery down on
the boat with all that cool tubing but
you guys just watched if you like it
thumbs up if you liked it thumbs up if
you think when he's the funniest dog
ever
Manny weenie
Ultron weenie weenie when either not
even that bad of a thunders you're going
to just sit here until it's over move
that nervous the other dogs went away
and we're playing we're chewing on bones
it's not that bad still rumbles
fireworks whinny
what's wrong regatta winning one go
outside
gg-go go outside she's not scared
what is the mess on the floor down there
thank you
Piper you want to go outside this one's
editing this one scared the fireworks
are probably going to start any minute
we just heard a really loud one and she
got scared and Hayley's going to protect
her what's wrong winning you doe
beautiful they'll be scared it's New
Years Eve and fourth of July or her
least favorite holidays it's scary huh
well she's safe would you move to move
she had a baby
Oh her - okay first of all - baby show
scared I so sorry really I just watched
her video it was how many guests
well I'm Errol I love it she made a
video can organize her room for she's
like experts in like boozled immature
mollusc yet she literally put the plan
on a GGC when okay these fireworks go
away for anything I pray that you put
more mac and cheese in my mouth
amen
where you going tomorrow she's so
nervous
paid is going home for a few days even
though this is home page is going back
shoot back to back to the homeland for a
few days and Annie's going back to the
gym for the first time her gym in seven
weeks she's feeling a little nervous
Haley is upstairs cleaning her closet
okay guys we need a question of the day
because it's 10 o'clock at night and
he's got to get to bed working out no
we're not getting donut on the way to
the airport
yeah when he can jump it ready Shay okay
she did it because your dog is amazing
y'all when he's not normally allowed on
the couch but she was scared today oh
she's not supposed to be doing treats
one oh my gosh depends on the test we
did like what
this is the best dad ever this Father's
Day shirt guys we've got to roll into
the question of the day everybody's been
commenting on the keys you guys have
been wearing and it's so it's a giving
key and you can put like words on it
like encouragement or weather whatever
like believe or face or let it go or
whatever what would you put on your key
if you ordered a key you chose what you
wanted on your key and the words the way
this works the giving key means if you
see somebody that needs this after a
full pump after you've conquered that if
you see somebody that needs the key more
than you then you pass it on so Haley
I'm wearing her sooo Haley got believe I
got let go let go you got two kids got
four is courage I went on the twos mouth
courage and I stood is now around 11 all
right comment down below what you would
get on your gibbet and key and that's it
my friend guys don't forget to subscribe
and number cuz mama knows logically 1s
okay what
and daddys chasing pain all right join
us tomorrow as Andy goes back to the gym
and Paige goes to the homeland
bye guys always remember to celebrate
life babe thanks for watching Haley
