it's time for what can you eat alright
so I just went and pick the girl's up
from Mia's house and Annie it's going to
get home and do school and Haley and I
are going to go get some dessert for
fourth of July
now I'm really excited we're going to
start you want to help us cook it you
want we don't cool button I'll bust make
all the dessert we'll let you know what
desserts we get it we're going to go
outside with Paige so turn the TV off
and yeah my hair is messed up but it's
going to be a good day today could be
school or to make some um dessert and so
we're burning hot and then what else
we're doing it oh yeah and we're going
to go pick out the outfit for tomorrow
and painting our nails so all the colors
you know but it looks okay so it's
doesn't look mommy it's definitely wrong
yeah
yeah by the water heated with water
right boy - can I on your back
can I calm and you flip flops - whoa
don't you step in poo she's so happy
that's all good today look at them run
dead GG gg look at the water and her
little booty boot we're gonna go whoa
now we can't go in the boat tomorrow
oh you guys see them let's see if they
can get a little zoom in there hiding
now there's one by that rock where oh I
see it
fishy fishy fishy you see one there's
one do things like half of those offers
odiferous there's also a half of a crowd
of where half does it mean it's like so
either like half dead okay got my
glasses I got my new classes guys and I
love that or so cute
alright we're gonna go on about tonight
I was really big but so it took you know
20 minutes just Italian ingredients
right oh okay so everything you're gonna
do we're moving image alright it's
impossible to cook wizard is impossible
she's not on your watch yes why okay
good enough but wait let's just get
started
okay look you sure you should heat
something on low I don't waiting okay
they don't want to follow a directory
okay you also need a pan
I love you guys you guys need your own
cooking sake I quit on that video making
because you know they're very bad about
19 it's probably turn out pretty well I
decided instead to go clean my room you
guys want to be doing the new fingers
like a room tour on my channel so be
sure when that comes up check it out
so here's what I'm going to do so I'm
cleaning my room so no feeling them this
is she just she hadn't gone to organize
this is my side I've got to clean up all
that I don't want to show too much but
you guys have to watch this video
Annie's blessed Annie it look less like
10 minutes ago she's out just make it
work
my neighbor's gotta make it look like a
song this doesn exited on the wrong time
I don't like boom all right you okay so
I don't know where this video goes holy
on pages it you're sticking your
business not now I want it little bit up
so good
one two three that's how you make
blueberry yum-yum why don't you say it
this is one two three and that's how you
make blueberry yum-yum look Ella we did
oh my gosh don't go and then oh and then
you set it overnight same nothing to
Bridget
alright so Annie decided that she's
gonna do school tonight because she
doesn't want to do it tomorrow on the
4th of July
okay I'm not
the side of the room I don't love my
room yeah I can get loud as we want and
Wow earlier a nice of it I haven't asked
she has that huh so I have to mean it
Danny has a clean half because she
cleaned all although no we're not you
can mess up your side of the room page
aside boy y'all doing all the girls are
in the room oh so she doesn't want to do
school tomorrow on 4th of July so she's
very more school tonight Jared he did
two weeks of school two weeks of
language is going to do two more week of
something great like a good girl then
she can have the day off what do you
need to be separated no don't you think
yeah Annie did like a time lapse of
cleaning her room right yeah you should
have a room page hey guys you wanna see
something dog okay Oh get out as soon as
she this mission shows up you know what
no one's messing nothing let's get out
and let Annie do some school shoes and a
page will help me we'll do your hair
don't come in we need a dog I love that
that's so cute you have a dog no but I
guess I didn't see my dream dog all my
life and I can name of the Lord for the
Husky all right you finally gave her
some peace and quiet
and now we go Sunnis my head I don't
even remember how to do this this was so
laughs bummer Hayley was it laughs that
was two summers ago they didn't bid and
kool-aid their hair left here I don't
know they're going to the gym Kelly put
the Ganz's like day one I've been going
to the gym son play was gone and I was
by myself there's no one okay I'm in
tight I thought never liked everything
in my validation oh no I was over there
I would like being alert yeah I was
going to jump every day so I didn't get
back in the swing of things so we're
going to do a workout today we might try
to film some of it is funky back there
call paint off so it's official I'm the
driver let's go
and she thinks you can't drive normal
bars now after driving though I kind of
got another really odd right like that
don't work in are you pretty feeling the
burn
I like really fill the burn
people
today one with succession was that hard
so they're willing to come I see that
something really cool oh my God look how
cool this is
very good beautiful silver ball oh is
that awesome so yeah we just got done
the gym and like literally this gym is
cute I woke up I will climb the rocks
I'm involved eventually but I'm so
scared of heights are you the courage it
but I was on he's so mean
don't ever tell Billy you have to pee
we're sitting here like I have telling
Jo possibly distance okay Oh Jim
like this they all staring at a watch my
guys human life never looking at me I'm
like do I literally look like a new
person yes but do you know every single
person in here because I swear you look
at me like I would like never had in it
maybe it's because you're famous
anywhere like when you were before tell
that story when you're a little look
very rich story when I was going to go
to Walmart and my automobile
I was almost homeless mom they're
looking at me i think they think I'm
famous because always like a second
service for okay you just like salsa
tulips they were scary and that's openly
staring like I'm walking and I'm like
well you don't stare simple when you're
at the gym because you that's more
awkward because you're already opera
going to the gym while working out in
front of people and do it awkward
positions over here on top of it and
know that I know that your starid
humming not cool why would you don't
stare people in the gym everybody okay
guys so we're going to be one and hey
so I'm stato in my job baby - all right
so what huh
I wasn't into me I know but she's not
going I be sure you're she's not a
camera they want to see me
a digit of their she just came in over
hanging out all around in and out and
it's time to quiz me today when you
stupid lazy choppy pushing today which
is hold on at El Arish art because those
are pretty cool yeah I wouldn't want to
get ready eaten by specific user I'd
want to get bit by a shark so then I can
be like yeah I would say is and I'll
never be in the water with the shark
okay I like it they're not in a lot
they're not deception judges or in the
garage yep gotcha
mmm don't forget to comment down below
no wait alligators live in the swamp
they're not in the ocean is it didn't
turn on the ocean I just swamp or
anything
now I said they're not the ocean they're
in a swamp or the garage okay
so put your answer hey give us both
neither
don't forget killed them luckily another
couple days want to get bit by an
alligator I'm a whore another horrible
question did you have a bad day or a bad
day mommy really horrible didn't okay it
was a great day actually I read write
never me I didn't go anyway
lots of the video and I'm going to so
much more I'm an edit one so the end I
everybody had a good day had a great day
told everybody watching have a great day
to Joe Joe get a couple bucks a little
minnows
did you have a good day or bed I bet
that you chose really blonde on the
camera so heard of complete blonde
better person your name sure yeah see
you tomorrow I got a board is Amalia
gonna be the July happy horse
always remember to celebrate life hey
thanks for watching
Rick Haley
