time for what cami good morning
everybody
don't be mean to people we're home I
know Oh something's going to get broken
I know we were home last night
but we're fun too excited we all just
kind of woke up true that's true but now
it's afternoon and we're all finally
functioning for the day miss Piper
Piper's finally functioning hypertension
Oh Piper was being weird last night
last night was always super much so we
are going to go eat food hey there's
good in the house because Paige is going
to start cooking for us
so we'll just you know I'm going to go
to the grocery store but we're going to
go well no we can just order it online
yeah oh you like to go shopping okay I
don't know if I can do that right now
write down everything cool we're going
to eat healthy but right now we're not
going to go eat healthy I'm going to go
eat okay so that I haven't had in seven
weeks and then we're going to the the
hair store what is it like a
professional hair store the only Paige
can go to because she's special come in
low again we can go in we can't buy
anything they're only professional hair
people and we're going to do our hair
Paige is I don't know if we're doing our
hair today oh yeah we are you've already
planned it out but we're definitely
getting the stuff today how is it that
you guys look so cute when I what helps
you they look Haley where are you and
your cuteness I don't know where she
went
are we doing today I don't know I don't
know we have to go eat and get the hair
stuff and then we'll see how we feel
we're going to play it all about you
schedule today literally Saturday today
Saturday today
yeah we'll write down a schedule okay
guys here we go
we're getting our day started at 1:30 in
the afternoon
not bad not bad I was a little rough
right in
I don't care actually and going to
because I said what we're eating we'll
want to fit one nice texture
since their father father gotten hooked
on them you're always lost their collars
collars
father
this is a performance every afternoon
and all and let you do at home Oh
everyone wanted to discuss that problem
how'd it go
you get everything you needed oh my gosh
I'm so excited you guys put pay to the
plan for our hair huh you have a plan
right I do now I want to get good wait
we might do kool-aid for Hayley in the
next couple days no sense of summer
might work too kool-aid and Hayley pear
okay so this is all the stuff we need
well page me we're going to look like
movie stars it's library list because I
was like scatterbrain cuz it was so
different in there I had everything is
differently what buckle up buckle up
she was so sweet - oh cool what do you
have to have I can't show some kind of
card that means that you're like so you
have like a license you're like legit
Mike together not a buckle but she can
do some hair oh my gosh 20 by now I got
twisted like days - I know here we go
are you a clown now what is that this
man's got the color of an e the purple
or the gray we lavender gray gonna be
what they're like it takes oh my gosh
nervous man
and well then she'll fix it it'll pay it
out Chuck news on there a little bit of
action
so how grayish lavenderish are we going
you don't know yet
you can decide it in the moment
philosophy how high it lifts and then so
they're even going in it even going to
be gray
I don't know I got like a pastel
violence I don't know how its how much
is going to be I could those colors you
don't know you just kind of see I don't
know how hard happen cuz it doesn't work
it'll work a little bit it'll do
something I have a silver evident yeah I
have like a various Schumer let's do
that yeah are you nervous at all no it
was good it how many times have acts
done bad on your hair none done your
hair twice right she's two for two will
she go three for three
New Age you you little apron this
woman lizzie gray and pooping why do you
want gray hair stuff like the new trend
are we bright it's just like wow
I'm just waiting in line yeah Oh none of
that right they sound like you two
sisters um oh well I use my there is
some growling territory
I think they're trying to figure out
whose alpha when he doesn't get on ease
who's the boss
I remember - yep - subha and t Jesus is
like winning I'm sorry you're the middle
child you got milk child syndrome what
the pepper don't jump don't jump your
heart off and me I know if I pronounced
and listen to her all pipe are being
nice when we come here we need the
problem is you use all your weight to
get like where you want to go
okay high bridge okay alright stay tuned
for this craziness in my process I'm 10
min no I can't I don't want to do it
already
nope yeah I'm getting there but really
brings out my widow's peak when women
good education you're painted by 2001
accident look back tomatoes in there
what is it going to be ready how much
time is it great yet I'm covering up my
grades and you're pulling out all right
I'm all agree yeah we got a color the
leather colors oh never mind
you gardening or cutting after it you
cut it all off and you going short no no
mom
well here's to get the panettone now
what about their internship but I'm
getting a little bit of German
what remember you cried about getting
bangs I trust Paige longer be
we're done with my hair and I didn't
want mommy to film me with my haircut
because I was deciding if I liked it or
not so now we're home and I got to play
around with it and now feel a little bit
better about it and I'm for did this to
school I think she couple of things a
little shorter than I wanted but it
turned out pretty dubrow and it's back
in the chair you guys oh my god not
animal has purple no it's not honey this
purple oh it's like your Diner hole has
no food oh you got them wait come here
come get it come get the paper towel
will it be that are you nervous standing
I don't know how she's asking a question
I even going to be a brown a brunette a
brunette that one yeah what is doing
okay you nervous yeah what's look good
and you said it this one doesn't look so
good jazz another way it's not strong
enough
she's go for a little silly little
silver okay we get a paper towel my
friend please please please before it
gets everywhere hey you got it off your
foot is it on the floor okay left I know
you can have like games mmm we're done
oh my gosh it looks so good it's so
pretty
mmm oh my gosh you could really see it
right there just now and you did that so
it's literally like a pastel violet like
it's more of it love it it's more of an
ash but I love the ash ash is like my
favorite um it's like so crazy can you
see it oh my gosh I'm so pretty oh she's
going to do what are you gonna do
No
- it is my first Anishinabe I parted it
like that yeah
little pieces
mm-hmm
love it I love it it's so pretty on you
let me oh oh my gosh can you see that
you could be a really good name flying
in the wind okay Wow
but it's still a natural appear and
minute it fades really well it's so
pretty a knee
it's like silver purple pretty head from
my brows like nothing is there but out
here that is my lighter a little bit
this is so pretty
already I love it
and it's cut even talked about the cut
and it's kinda nervous like the same
length no long I think I love the like
the feeling of like that feels so much
better
I love it okay so pretty okay so that's
it
oh fast your actual is great and then on
yes on what page did to me made her a
blondie I don't have I've ever been this
funny thing I want let go put makeup on
and like all my hair that's what it
makes me want to do but not tonight
tomorrow go makeup list okay you're a
10-round Oh granny haven't seen the back
oh my gosh
super blonde yes okay she says please
let me in there's loud noises out here
under this Piper come on let me kick up
to her already
scared it off first eg you can't walk
easy out gee this year he did good jump
ok so question of the day times the
question of the day me why is your house
okay oh is that it
alright I want to be a photographer I
want to be a designer I want to be a
butterfly
yeah okay I might hear you
good he's just kidding at the end like
we know you're cheating again
good boy
so mommy what are you want to be when
you grow up page what do you want to do
in your all our mommy
well should when you grow up longer to
go on a okay that's weird
what nothing keep us in your hair
superhero stuff what are you doing
playing with on boy no kidding
okay so don't forget to comment down
below soon and Atticus cream day oh I
just so is what you want to be when you
grow up
hey my gosh always remember to celebrate
life Hey
take baby
thanks for watching Britt Haley
