time for what carry me good morning guys
I just want to point out that this never
happens this one is a wake before desk
lemon why stick well if you might get a
sore throat if she's sleeping with her
we go out you might not be as excited as
a nanny was if she were awake but we
call home - boy we're all packed up with
a few last-minute things to put in the
bag once they get up and get ready or
about to wake her up we didn't have to
wake you up because you were asleep last
night when we were being all loud and
you were I think they had to go out in
the hall because so they could last time
to get on a plane I only think care if
it's going to be a long day I couldn't
see my puppy dogs when we get home I got
you who wants to wake her up now I mean
it's almost 10:00 we needed to catch up
on the sleep she had two very long days
hey just trying to upload her video and
she pretty much has exactly the amount
of time that we are going to be here
she make it up he's going down baby
hey - you know I know you know Sheila
sleeve doesn't even know problem I
remember when I thought she was going to
get rid of it when she was 10 and then
when she was 12 she just loves it it's
just her little thing
Paige what are you doing here just like
I can't believe I'm going to be at my
house after seven weeks it's been sane
so long she's ever been away from your
ever ever oh babe put up your nose oh
okay just all night yeah just ever and
watch my new sound I might do a cool
trick on your asses yeah you can see me
- minion oh no I got a really cool trick
for real this is something you don't
only do with this place
it cleans your teeth Oh was the best
best friend that's what she's wearing
today on a note so that earlier I don't
even know if people can handle this okay
let's try you get I can't handle it you
can't get literally you really want to
you're going here this that hmm for a
thing that we did one time for a bunch
of kids for longer kids camp there was
four people okay
and you started off with a banana the
first person put in an up to two that
spit it out
the other bit in their mouth choose a
spit up smell around
no no why why you put in their mouth it
was by flaw in my house today my
Wow but out by the next person job why
the last person no no why though I
couldn't I could be the first person was
for a thing that we did did you what
were you I realized I couldn't be no
second person but the first friend was
my best friend
so it wasn't gross to me but it was I
guess I couldn't do it for them I would
die living and my slaw I'm not eating
your food up banana yep no what does
that bonding thing like I've got a
million other ways to bond with you got
what this point was about was I get camp
that you should remember
yeah and we were in like the adult it
was adults doing who is the last person
but you should eat like poop or
something we she for a little girl who
wants to go home so badly
I want to get out hey you're hurting her
oh wait come here can I put your hand
remember my goodness what sweet let's go
home I'm begging you
elbow bite oh my god um so I hate to be
the bearer of bad news but we're going
to Episode L
okay guys this is going to be the worst
part of our journey home I'm dreading it
we've got to get all these bags all of
them every single one of these bags on
that bus off that bus and then if some
of them get all actually most of them
get checked to the airplane and then we
get to do it all over again when we get
off the plane yay we're going to work
together here and no one's going to line
page no whining okay ready break good
break sonson Nopalito said oh my gosh we
did it we did it
paid random relief when you get out into
totally we're gonna go eat you guys huh
all the bags are checked done my bag was
two pounds too heavy so we had to do a
little bit of rearranging but we got it
done all the bag your checks we're four
down just to the carry-on now we can
relax before we go on the plane we were
super early but I knew like returning
the rental and all the bags we had was
going to take a while security with a
breeze thanks mmm yeah it was really it
was very clear until I after
line it's like a whole line what's going
on in the world and I sorry
he keeps dropping everybody touring cool
drink cool hot profit how are the stock
markets today Haley video everyone today
guys we just got some pizza we've been
waiting I've been waiting since I woke
up to come to this Airport and eat
because I knew right well I knew that we
needed you before we get on the plane
yeah we had like banana and while we're
you guys saw weed brushed our teeth of
banana
no talking Les Mis no blogging we're
going to eat now we're actually sharing
a drink with Dave David and we're going
to send a picture to aunt Melissa I've
got faith okay
what is really Michael's home yes
quick went into Poland after daddy stole
it please no leaks that is protein soy
you're trying to talk daddy into coming
and picking us up from the airport if
there's no I know you
he's spoiled because he he won't clean
the car out come get it
aids need all the attention can we all
just stop and pay attention to page
children ami okay for a wife will be
mine like as in rock your hair my face
you took a leaf from mm that would they
do I didn't even know you hit are
talking about are you really kissing the
blame in the world single girl is creepy
for man you guys are doing room failing
with all those Annie can you believe it
we're on the plane
two and a half hours if she gets to go
home
and he leaves actually been out here for
a while - when we really yeah don't
forget it we realized today that Haley's
been out here since Mexico which was a
couple weeks ago so we're kind of
excited and we're going to celebrate
when we get home at midnight it might be
too tired to celebrate musical chairs
the big people like the windows busted
people because then we can like clean
again
I could be back here over myself I'm
sure it's not empty in the ass if I hear
the MD I could hope I hope I get so many
good you guys
oh we don't get some come on or yeah I
don't want to store
this plate but if you do be sure to
check the TV monitor in the terminal for
up-to-date lighting information we
certainly have enjoyed sharing a part of
our day with all of you we know you have
many choices when you fly and we thank
you for choosing some let their line if
Baltimore is all for you welcome wrong
we want you to go out buckle up drive
safely
for those of you continuing the travel
on we wish you safe travels and we
invite all of you to come back and visit
us again roast in Paris on with their
lives once again on behalf of this my
group welcome to Baltimore okay our belt
just started moving and I have a
prediction our bags are going to be the
first seven bags off
positive thinking here guys the first
seven what why your bag oh I think about
that there's number one
I'm so jealous all your clothes so not
your makeup actually the two grey ones
were almost the last bag but when you
have seven bags you're just happy that
they all show up all right daddy said he
put it in he ended up coming to get us
he was going to make us uber I'm booked
in he's like okay fine he couldn't just
let us over not after the day we had so
he was kind enough to come get us and we
really appreciate it
but it is throwing me off because I
don't know how to do that I know how to
go take a shuttle so in the little
awesome oh this way I figured it out
you've got to read sign Haley ride that
bag that way just that way oh yeah I
gotta get another bag but I'm trying to
vlog you guys got it okay we all had our
bag that we had to have all of us have
two bags and Haley has this one bag and
I only have one bag of I'm vlogging
who's going to the first one to see
daddy go down there and find them I
can't do it you guys I can't get up the
stairs so we'll just watch from here
Oh everybody say it together oh you got
a haircut alright we're going to go find
an elevator and we're going to go up
there with them oh he's going to bring
her down Haley got the first hug winner
winner chicken dinner we compete for
first hug sighs I have to admit I
thought it was going to feel a little
weird coming home but it doesn't do you
feel weird like I thought it was going
to feel okay okay I don't feel weird at
all father David while we were gone
father didn't holler gone while we were
going on we got you then it's been
waiting here just Father's Day mmm paid
with actually the mastermind behind all
this but she had it mailed here instead
of to the fellas we were investor where
does a thought that counts oh yeah
that's just been real money was
hmm
I don't even know hey we don't even know
is hey oh well mainly for you Annie
I mean you might think it's cool what's
the other side wow that's what I mean I
don't I don't wish a page wishes that
she wore the same size as Annie but I
you were a seventh wheel where 700
unused I know Haley but you're going to
get all these shoes when can I wear it
yet y'all these are adorable
these look like baseball like the stitch
on we were the same size I'm so excited
Thank You Nike they sent us a poster and
Nike shoes like and we're home the day's
pretty amazing hey guys we're about to
see the bunny and a camera is where I
keep my phone so big it is is she big no
keep did you give me some no yep
who do is look for here no way yeah do
you see it mm-hmm can you open the gate
oh did you build this nest yeah
can keep it down there from that there's
little um is there little house what
what she can climb through this this is
worse is that where she fitted her
bathroom
always remember just tell a bright light
hey babe thanks for watching Chris Haley
