little ones in my room doing school this
little one is hiding camera hello I love
how school going that good huh just
kidding guys she's been up for about an
hour hour and a half it has not been two
hours what time is it no that's why you
don't eat in your bed look at the crumbs
oh I can't stay on that but um muffins
not good so about that what time do you
get up late 32 hours it was it is Jo and
have you been doing 2 hours of school or
have you been doing school phone school
school school school school phone it's
cool it's cool it's cool it's cool phone
tonight you're on the phone
okay well eight money throat feels
better but she's like got a frog in her
throat this morning let's go check in on
her how we'd be doing y'all does my bed
look comfortable or what is it
comfortable I've slept really well the
last two days I think I finally found
the right pillow I've been using squishy
pillows this is my old hood in a new
pillow case and it's like really soft
and I like to double the pillows up but
I was reading that for back and side
sleepers which I am that you need a
harder pillow a more firm pillow I'm a
back and aside and then there's also
tummy sleepers I do back down like that
and so I got this firmer pillow and I
think I've slept better the last two
nights
when I'm watching something and then I
go to sleep like this yeah I think we're
both side and all most of us know none
of us really sleep on our bellies
sometimes I think one of you does and I
know maybe yeah anyway that's our update
how are you doing she got up a little
later than Annie I let her sleep a
little longer since she wasn't feeling
on y'all I have no shame I drool if I'm
really asleep and I used to snore I
don't think I snore anymore but I do
think I used to I was drooling like I
woke up because it was drooling and I
kept on drooling yeah I never do that so
that was weird that was like when I
started getting sick you sound like
you're like throat is like swollen like
how you're talking like that no no okay
you know when we got our nails done
yesterday I used the massage chair and
then I used it again so I'll use it
twice in the and now my back is sore
from where it was pushing I felt good at
the time and now it's like dude that's
like that gets bruised weird huh
all right it's a beautiful day let's
hurry up and get this school done so we
could enjoy the rest of it where are we
gonna go I don't know we go home
tomorrow so we should definitely do
something today I'm going to now go put
your laundry away while you do school we
did Annie's last night you might have to
help a little bit but I'm going to do it
while you're gonna I don't want to stop
I've been doing so good this morning so
I'm gonna keep the momentum going I have
been requested to film really you got
all those check marks we can't just do
an hour of school so I'm glad you got
done with that subject and I'll give you
a break but you take it all those check
marks for the week that was a week of
science
I feel like it's only been an hour
though I mean it's been okay then you
have an hour and a half more to get
something else done but I will give you
a break
yay okay good job no problem
all right obviously an ease up here live
Haley's fixing herself some cereal for
lunch and we're we just waiting for the
people to come get the furniture Haley
can you just go ahead and get this
furniture out of here just put it on
your back please good morning so I'm
going to do something this morning we
haven't been able to do in a while and
I'm going to go check our PA box for
mail and see what that looks like
see if you guys since lots of stuff or
if there's a little stuff in there we'll
see
alright so that was a lot of mail the
lady actually called me back after I
checked the box because you saw the box
and there was more behind the counter so
I think we're gonna try to reply to some
when the girls get back so I should be
fine
okay so I'm about to play for tonight
and this guy is gonna teach you me okay
so yeah that's pretty ow
okay from that all right you know satin
bags are like hey 1:30 all right
bleeding I'm bleeding
that's not why are you why is your thing
all bleeding yes I see why because I hit
it on the camera and her okay that's no
lunch probably go check yeah very good
doctor
well yeah that's it okay he brought her
a headset yeah Kevin plays is he gonna
play against her or with her say hi
she's shy and a reminder Kevin as Kevin
is a friend of Caleb's he they used to
game together and now yeah and now he
gains with hate
Andy how are you gonna play without the
head your Bob this you are it's crying
so the girls were talking about getting
a box at the table to put cellphones in
and I'm so I got this one when I was at
the store and I'm staining it right now
to put in the center of the table so we
can put our cell phones in when we're
eating and stuff Kevin said the pink and
Annie's the gingerbread man now she's
actually better Jacob when he was like
no like when I first any first lady and
I move learn in case you guys can't tell
there's 42 people uh well forty because
they're the tip they're two of them
while they're scouting people like my
guys did slow down I looked out on a run
for you and let go
you know but I really don't les don't
okay okay don't click this thick just
look around with this thing
okay I'm gonna treasure I'm already fur
but if you see some wait stop how do I
like how do I it stop running you just
remove that but don't do that oh nice
and easy - wait where did he go
I lost your life are you nervous
Kevin's like built the shelter for ever
go to hide in a bush I bet not every
girl I bet there's some girls out here
right now are like wait a second okay
but Jordan Jones sorry that's call me
out but I hate but she keep calling you
out Kevin's going out to do some stuff
and Annie's hiding in there maybe
they'll win what happened why aren't you
playing no this is anything I promise
okay you can
last ten people hey I got to like member
like g17 Kevin's gonna help you out
you're gonna do it let him get you set
up
why why is all you yes he said there's
ten people really you can't actually do
something I I'm watching and waiting and
listening okay not really listening I'm
watching more that's it
Annie there could be someone Annie no
one there Oh Kevin why are you going out
to your gut so that's why is Kevin
always what everywhere you look cuz the
other partners well I don't know if
y'all are and now that they win and he's
like I won Annie's on the move they
built you evil you all wall again
uh-oh that does not sound good
no there's been eight people left for a
long time
I didn't get three people she didn't get
three people what are you talking about
four people Kevin like there's five
still oh you got in with five people
love that you mean to my clean up
session it's not clean up it's just
doing my laundry and vacuuming this is
my laundry there's some drawers here
they're actually drawers are not those
fake ones that can't open we couldn't
open that one okay it's not fake I
promise we're just gonna be sorting out
the laundry
favorite squishy is this one I'm in like
a cow cute I want to name it star
starfish I get it because it's like a
little fish like a dolphin
these two are buds cuz they're both like
animal creatures well we just got this
one we got this one from a fan bag right
little cupcake it's actually mine this
is the one that Jaden gave to me and
this is one that also was with Jaden
this is peach that was mine but I gave
it to me
running ukulele you can see little words
you know and it's very hard to tune but
I'm not very good at this
what is your favorite TV show my
favorite TV show
oh why but I love like baby shows so in
for a baby show is my little pony and he
that means go I don't know if that's
really a baby we are going to go get
some ice cream
no I said yup
and he's not happy but we're not gonna
make fun of it we're just gonna go get
him some ice no we're not just gonna go
biomes on my ice cream yeah we're
walking two men she's
good delicious it's like all full
chocolate-covered strawberry yeah
paetynn feeling better a little a little
better
I'm feeling a little better about life
Oh No
Payton up water in a cone a paper you
know the family tried to balance is in
the plan
true story and then he squeezed it
welcome to Menzies everybody I was gonna
say welcome to hanging out with a nun
don't get me one
here you go sorry Hayden I love you
your bra that is okay I did it was made
from he wants us hat with it downstairs
you 22 go get it for us oh I said I was
going to get the camera here your hair
looks great
like this okay we're gonna guess my bra
blah Hayden a where's this go a quiz
okay can we get makeup wipe in here you
put I want to quiz him a black eye brow
guys okay my face is turning black like
look at it
well could you put mascara on your hair
okay he knows pretty good because when
he did your makeup mask you're right he
did your makeup right it's purple what's
this it's a unicorn brush yes but what
is it for makeup silly goose um no but
like powders why is my Rogaine darker
they know we're quizzing yo what is this
makeup it sturdy
dart party it's time to do this cuz we
are going on a plane tomorrow because
we're going home one to go home and rest
for a little bit
and who because we have a show in DC
which works really well because that's
not far from where we live yeah where
are you
I like the blood gray gene the gray
denim like jean jacket you know what I'm
talking about
no you're not throwing those no so I
need you to go pick out something to
wear at the show I can help you and that
includes shoes and that's really it
we're gonna load this up with not much
like makeup stuff that we need for the
performance and maybe like extra a
little Haley maybe who do you fit in
this yeah that one
no no the new one it looks like a jean
jacket but it's grey hang that one back
up so we're not taking much but it's
gonna add up quick so I'm just bringing
some here the check for equipment I'm
just gonna bring the big bag what's one
thing you never leave home without my
thumb and I was gonna be mean and say
beside your phone is there something
else cuz that's what everybody's gonna
say do you always have a pack of coke
okay what do you what do you think
what's one thing you don't ever leave
home without it's like on an airplane no
just like when you leave for the day I'm
going with my thumb eo2 my necklace my
ring wait no my eyelashes Haley can you
think of something you don't I'm sick
usually I bring my eyelashes yeah Jesus
checkered shoes yeah hey love it alright
guys so we are gonna go to bed because
our plates not super early but you're
not packed do you know what you're gonna
wear tomorrow no no no cuz your makeups
not packed go
sorry Charlie and bring it down here you
guys comment down below what's one thing
you don't leave home without ever but
don't put your phone cuz that's what
everybody's gonna put um comment we know
your phone we got to think of something
else
and we'll see you tomorrow bright and
early
I think we're leaving here about 7:30
thanks for watching
hey good night number to celebrate
thanks for watching
Forte goodnight
