time for McCamey good morning everybody
but I'm trying to seem like I'm not
exhausted but I am so you good we are
paid packed a little last night I packed
a little this morning so that the hotel
is actually looking a little bit more
organized which is exciting but you know
we've got a full day of filming today
well I shouldn't say we
I've a whole day of sitting there
watching Annie
Haley has a little cameo and paid has a
whole day of hair and makeup so we are
pretty boring right now we have to be
downstairs in 10 minutes so we're just
kind of chillin here looking forward to
as excited we are to film this project
were working on
well that Annie is working on I should
say we really are excited to be done so
we can go home tomorrow it's bittersweet
we're having fun but we want to go home
we're back seriously up my spot actually
really not very much Lizzie do we have
enough it's not in the schedule but I'll
just go talk to my people and say we
want a nap yeah we were singing Geronimo
and Paige all of a sudden Buffett out
singing turn around mo and we're like
wait okay Paige we all have something
that we say wrong already right I don't
say I still don't say it because first
36 years I said oh okay here's the thing
I knew this how to spell it I know how
to spell the word are you use what I
just never said a GE yeah I never
thought about it just and I still don't
debate
you know it's our good so what look are
we going for today 14 off yeah we're
starting off with a 40 look yeah come
here fun doing your victim part gonna do
it's so funny because neither of you
would be like if Annie was not Annie
when you didn't know her I would be
different and then Annie you not be
editing writing or if you had like
makeup artists you didn't know you would
be like just sitting there like not
exactly in the position that you need to
be in you do not move you would listen
to what they were saying are you going
to get a little makeup later and your
hair straighten is that what you want
hmm yeah would you like you got to find
out when your semen are you going to see
on the show or you'd be like hey it's
Kate Haley here
and you actually saw another kind of
genocide agenda yet beside one might be
a silent cameo which is totally fine
Oh what Cyrus you know the Cameo is
Paige a bad person nope it's like
somebody who's like friends already know
right and they did they just show up in
the in the movie or show for just like a
small little part oh I don't know if
that's like the necktie sobieszczyk what
Miley Cyrus was in the last one and she
was dancing at the pool party yeah that
would be like a cameo yeah
was she Miley Cyrus yeah she herself
does some of the cameo she's playing she
was dancing for like a second yes that's
that make sure to click her her but
that's an example of a Cammy
oh god I am and you're about to break
because you are rating my hair just nod
and smile and me we're doing a sporty
look that's pretty good for the secret
project that's right I always feel that
way they see her project but like okay
sorry I'm sorry but it's it is
definitely worth getting excited over it
so I really see her for a month that's
true enough trailer like with some
strange noise yeah hmm I'm gonna deal Oh
silly whenever that is
oh my gosh I've got to let her rip why
isn't that sad can they watch that
require easy boobity boo Haley is
getting her stuff done
for her little cameo Annie's going over
lines god I just thought this was a full
shop look at this yeah I like satisfying
is the one that yeah so what you need to
do a bargain I feel like Annie would
think this is satisfying to because all
those flying videos they left
Annie get no organized here some
scissors
I don't know why I'm offering a desert
that's right I think I don't have any
scissors
yeah the braids look good just turn out
okay okay here here this is going to so
that'll play I promise you guys watch
this ten that's Upendra Oh
Lito she uses the breath hunter I don't
I heard that I gave him a single good
talk like that
watch the brush here she goes going to
run the brush through her hair oh I
think it's getting your hair done that's
getting tingles because that feels so
good like I'm a little jealous the first
scene of the day is outside and he's
over there working Haley and I are
chilling pages texting you know oh she's
doing it already
she knows she knows when like there's
noise in the background that she she's
only giving a dirty look a slight dirty
look to the person who just started the
book they didn't know they're making the
trees look beautiful though their
landscaping behind the
you guys comment down below an emoji
that shows your excitement for finding
out what this project is all about all
right
we're inside back in the room looks so
different when the lights aren't on so
pretty when the lights are shining and
of course we're over here we've shot
like one how many themes - - but I think
we're going to just something with a
violent not better ones like a different
lens the magic of shows you definitely
drink lots of water it's not like
extremely hot outside today but you know
it is sunny and we want to stay hydrated
and Nutella up because that's what keeps
us going Nutella and water on a bagel
well not without the water on the bagels
in Nutella what of it
Nutella what I say Nutella you know what
Paige I'm so good so good
hey buddy
Oh bless you we're going to do some
pictures a little mini photo shoot a lot
while we're on our break did you want to
see yourself nope
oh boy wrong
he knows you too
yeah I'll move out of your way I can
move in he knows what to do he might
cooperate more better than they do he
didn't want to treat any hate oh here
you go huh you guys are gonna have to go
follow just palms inste because I think
they're going to do some really cute
pictures oh you were so cute you like
here we go okay can you teach my kids
how to sit and pose for a picture please
sir can you do that look at em always
waiting yeah he's better than I can do
that oh no you're taking a picture
you want to do a handstand yeah okay I
didn't want to forget stop
I'm teaching our dog to do a hand
sanding with your own I can't handle it
okay I really good abet him did he soft
did you say hey sissy
good boy he picked the gabon she's ready
for her close-up
move your close-up face oh you're
something oh yeah I didn't really know
you're going to get up oh my gosh this
is what this means
let me explain with the speed last look
of the shoot I mean I'm excited I mean a
nice presentation they're working hard
okay yeah it's where it's hard to work
around you guys because I try to get a
good angle to see both of your pretty
faces and your pretty face and then
someone walks in front of me and I have
to move but anyway I won't complain too
much
okay so this is Hailey's big moment
look show me your hair turn around yes I
like the color of your shirt all the
poppy colors you're welcome are you
ready to eat legend students ever open
it yeah you don't have nasty breath on
set but it
show them your whole outfit back up guys
you had a hole in her pants it's a
little secret revealed when we're done
we're going to rip it and make it cool
ripped Jean I might just rip it now I
know if I I said I wasn't going to rip
it I was killing me go told that feeling
oh she's doing it it's gonna fit it's
gonna hurt all right come on
oh my gosh look at that style yeah no
see don't pick at it too much weight
I'll rip it more I know three there we
like a friend Jo fro good I'm looking it
out oh my gosh oh you are you doing any
more like it down looks good right it
off for me
yeah it looks good oh it's been a long
two days
Hali brought it in fine back there can
you get the hairspray all right guys so
last scene of the day last scene of the
shoot
and then we're going to the pool and the
hot tub Oh cute and that rail it looks
perfect
oh yeah
great thank you very much not a rap what
high five that's your that's where I'm
gonna do the director oh you're taking
over I'm gonna say it loud and proud
tah-dah Oh Navin you guys want to go to
the pool now yeah well let's make sure
we're really like completely done we're
good
okay okay are you going to miss that
camera you spoken to it'll be waiting
for you
what was the frown about I'll turn that
frown upside down
when I even hate what about it when we
get to your house
I promise I'll jump off a boat full of
you have you been down this aisle on the
boat yet as long as there is me there
are snakes but we'll know about momentum
yeah no snakes there I just want you to
get them yes obviously we're going to
have a pool and we're so tired but we're
going to go relax in the pool for a
little while it'll be a nice
great before we get on that long plane
tomorrow okay they are done at the pool
and so they're trying to dry off but yet
they got oh now Haley's fully in and
they think that's the beach house or
suburban or somehow keeping them warm as
the Sun Goes Down it is it getting a
little chilly out it's not like freezing
by any means
it's definitely breezy don't put the
Talon of water
I like your scarves nobody answered how
would you talk look at you being all
grown up we try to call it right now
hello daddy I need people no you're not
calling the pizza man we're gonna sit
here all night I'm going to get my
pajamas on I'm gonna sit here all night
have I said that already that I'm going
to sit here all night ostrich I'm back
don't keep calling over and over and
over all right well I guess one of the
adults is gonna have to do something
around here yeah she means me kicking
you HiFi this ability to the other a
massage service
I took my daddy nice already don't do it
Jenny got the wrong piece of place about
denial I know and I told him that I know
that people laugh funny at our videos
because of Paige laugh with us laugh
with you quit what what wait here's my
advice any youtubers who are going to do
a brand deal do a brand deal with people
you legitimately like like it that's how
it works really well like it's organic
and you really do love the product and
it is bringing good products people
attention you guys eating granola and
set of pizza oh she never smart morning
yeah it's breakfast at the banana done
to the done she says she burned she was
even in the Sun today the Sun was
know when the clouds are all yeah but we
were it was like sunset Brown oh yeah
remember we cha oh maybe I put sunscreen
on you mommy fail
I brought some from you oh well she's
asleep she's so tired she wasn't kidding
when she said I'm tired I'm going to
place my hand
Oh mm-hmm
and there's two cheeses I got three for
all four of us to share but clearly
she's not eating well I'm not hungry
it does look good all right we're going
to enjoy some dinner I'm gonna be back
to say goodbye I'm tired can you believe
that tomorrow I get to hug and kiss my
dogs I cannot wait and your husband
I saw them four days ago I haven't seen
my dogs in seven weeks my question of
the day for tonight is
okay always remember to celebrate life
hey babe thanks for watching
Rick Haley
