are you ready bait
Hayes is on this shoot Paige is in
charge of Annie's hair and makeup what
are you gonna do to your hit her hair
have you decided we know we're doing a
natural makeup where it looks like she's
not wearing any that's what I said what
do you want to bring your hair but I
think we might have a change like looks
what do you want for your hair do you
want like where we put that water bottle
in it let me go up there wouldn't that
be funny but you seriously might need a
few extra hairstyles because we're
filming
a couple different intros so start
thinking of like I'll write them down
there in my phone ha I want some tea
loose why would I think of that kind of
hairstyles and candy
Neelu whoo all right but we just got
sidetracked and our drivers gonna be
here literally in seven minutes so let's
start gathering everything I've got her
school in here I know she's psyched
about that I've got the computer cuz I
gotta send footage we've got an iPad for
sleepy Haley over there so that she has
something to do and we've got nervous
page 30 scripts it's not 30 is it in the
car they're not script they're just
what's the word they're aligned
guidelines 30 not 30 it's a lot is it in
the car
okay well Oh
we don't have the car the cars valeted
I'm gonna go down there while we're
waiting for our ride and I'll get the I
know I don't know pages oh my gosh into
us yes exactly see sometimes it's good
to have a conversation okay we gotta go
are you ready to go no she's still half
asleep but she is dressed she's even got
shoes on under here it's crazy and she's
already brushed her teeth but she just
got that convened did you brush her
teeth
I did brush my teeth after they go line
up at the door you didn't even care that
your name is on the door I cared that
your name was on the door outside will
be so comfortable in here yeah we're so
easy too and it's fun this is great we
have when we when we shoot we have them
the moms kind of in a green room
separate from the kids but if you want
you see you later in yeah unfortunately
that's not the stage hasn't patched in
to this monitors you know we'll go
through the scripts and that sort of
thing and we have all those who just
sort of change this is for fashion but
you can you know start with what you
want and then we'll just change squared
throughout the day perfectly every for
something won't come in to change
Natsuki ears over there oh oh and you
have these extra Oh perfect yeah so
we've sort of put them together and
there's we're gonna look Haley want to
help you can you be the hair
what do you want first and then Paige
can decide on your hair you want Paige
to completely design everything yeah
super cool and then jeans whatever I do
you know I gotta stick to it whatever
it's like some of the stuff that like
forever 21 and H&M like this is the
stores I shop at look at this one but we
need to well why don't you look at them
up here and see which one your favorite
okay I do you like so why don't you pick
from those two sure so indecisive
see ya Chaz I'll do it be the man and be
like well this one for the first one
this one or this one huh
and this one's a little snazzier right
yeah so we go well do you think it's
easier to go from glammed to more
relaxed because she has less energy
maybe she'll one right yeah yeah yeah
let's do that
yeah let's look fancy from the first one
okay we did made a decision look in his
like plenty of sleep how's it going so
we've got her shirt on and then you guys
we decided on these this little overalls
with that shirt she's wearing I'm not
cute this is the call sheet for a few
episodes were filming lunch that's gonna
be my favorite scene right there is that
gonna be your favorite scene the lunch I
stole that ROM you know what you were
gonna say are we thinking alike
wait thank you a guy smile oh my gosh
YouTube's internet is so much better
than the hotel Thank You YouTube instead
of the taking four hours for me to send
footage to Billy it's gonna take me 30
minutes oh 22 minutes now Thank You
YouTube just come here every day and
send him footage yeah yeah literally had
to restart this thing three times last
night every four hours it would get to
99% it would take four hours to get to
99% that would stop oh it's okay it's
okay I'm not gonna complain too much
this is just Speedy Gonzales it's like
being at home so little things in life
you guys oh you haven't seen it yet do
you want to see your eyebrow it's
growing
quit moving growing as we speak
look at me okay don't touch it I can't
breathe there it is you've got a breath
could you even cut it today I got one
hair we still have to do it hurry how's
your mouth your mouth - hey we are
finished we just have to slip these
shoes on but I want to see I want to see
we're all waiting on bated breath for
the final look we can't see all of you
she's the only one out there oh I love
this page I'm so proud of you you did
natural makeup I know we were all a
little worried yeah we should say where
everything's from the shirts forever 20
I do the shirts from Kylie look forever
21 and Zara are the overalls but what's
sad is sometimes when you shoot like
intros and outros they only see like
from your waist up we wanted to shoot
with a whole outfit but you guys get to
see the whole outfit and when you guys
watch this episode as it is a series my
friends you'll be like I remember that
when she wore that I remember that first
video will fill you guys in more on what
we're doing but right now what we can
say is she's filming a YouTube read show
which is super exciting
well she was nervous Paige was nervous
so she's what when the light turk well
the lighting in here is definitely start
yeah can they come to sign your room who
designed the set we need their help this
is adorable
your little cow I've spent my whole life
this is adorable it's been my room since
I was a baby look let's just take some
pictures what's his name no even a t-rex
y'all this is the set is it not adorable
I know I want something too come with us
and if the light could be this perfect
in your room so when you're like filming
your vlogs
unfortunately vlogs are real life did
you water it no um I don't just stop
talking alright we're gonna let you do
your thing Haley and I are gonna stand
back here come on hey Haley you're gonna
be the director so you're gonna yell I
don't know actually the director might
be over there but you can be like a
producer good good
you guys this looks great she's getting
miked up you've been miked up my timer
too huh remember all those times you got
miked up for daily mix history we're
reminiscing back here
I'm gonna make sure Annie knows where we
are you hold down the fort back here
don't let anybody take my special sent
me in the seat we've been together for
the whole 30 seconds Haley so I need you
to protect it
do you know what you can put this on
your resume like when you show all the
work you've done like get other work
yeah I can be on your resume yeah but
you could do all your weddings and stuff
too oh yes we all want this room right
here yeah mental notes of all the things
you've done sorry about the lighting
though really quick bother in between
it's a little chilly back here so she's
borrowed Paige's jacket sorry what what
I don't know so the laughing offset
doesn't help you there she is
it's like she's standing right in front
of me you guys hi Annie
what you doing filming watching you on
the big monitor even more filming you
you're on the vlog hanging can you do us
a favor
oh come on let's do it get to work
okay go hard episode 107 tape to help
bring it over here to me aha totally $20
you nailed it that gonna be your job ten
minute break and then Paige can you can
get a snack Paige can freshen you up no
she just wants it to be perfect not a
hair out of place
Thanks Haley's already been helping
herself all morning yeah I get something
to eat
craft services we've already scoped it
out oh yeah I mean this is really what
you lost part of the set life is like
pudding
who doesn't like pudding you don't know
you doesn't ask a Twinkie
how you feeling you're nailing it we're
getting through it quick no are you a
kid much you have to say like this
because Caleb always taught me to thank
you oh go squeeze that's how you
remember how do they know why at the
same place we're gonna always smiling
I've ever had one of those actually
pretty good I was like baby food
perfection you're welcome for those
jeans that I gave you not the jeans that
you wear the jeans inside of you that
made you who you are jeans she like
disappears every time I film say
something
it's that Canyon nailed it I think Annie
should be fired and the new one should
come in how awkward she's being awkward
on purpose
Haley they ought that they asked her to
be in the BFF episode she's thinking
about it you'll have to get outfit
number two don't call her out Haley
might be in an episode is a kind to say
so we had a wardrobe change wardrobe
malfunctions we're gonna eat now it's
lunch are you ready
what slightly have you drink three sips
of water in the day that's smart Thank
You Paige keeping her hydrated Moscow
what's it gonna be every time oh yeah
Haley's first look at the braids I was I
did her braids in that dark room in
their home is a turn to me nothing bad
right up
not singing you just bust out singing in
there and I hear just bust out be like
not like for the show this cuz so I just
finished lunch and now I'm going back in
pretty good for years so I'm
and
stay tuned for whatever we're doing no
one's in here
okay quantize welcome to my room this is
the room right there
this is normally I would sit right here
with this in the background just like
look how cool it is I think if that was
my room that'd be great
this is what I'm looking at this is
cameras back there this light that light
that light this is that pretty pretty
cool and then they I got there I sit
there when they're Haley's gonna be in
one are you excited yeah so yeah look at
the lighting I like I just want to piss
my couch like I wish I actually learn it
and then over here we have don't scan
looking through their workspace over
there two seats
oh and food this is the food section and
that's what it looks like from back here
so which think it there's all this food
one carrot just because if I get to it
will make my throat itch hello vintner
so huh
so now we're going to a green room
I like here no one looks at me weird for
blogging cuz we're at YouTube are you
laughing that we're at YouTube you just
did good yeah I just said it
I said no one likes of you like you're
at home yeah so like I can walk in
YouTube it's going on YouTube so doesn't
matter funny days Haley and I got tired
of being out mm-hmm I just needed a
break so we can just chill out it's hard
work this is such hard we're doing
nothing I'm just kidding
Annie's working really hard we're super
proud of her are you proud of her
yeah you excited about tomorrow when
you're gonna get like a little guest
starring role that was nice of them it's
gonna be perfect
Blaine not tomorrow the next movie and I
think it'll be total seven weeks since
I've been home
me and Annie I'm gonna pet my dogs and
that's it
lay in bed and pet my dog it's summer
it's summer and we gotta get to Annie
done with school so it can be summer for
her - she's pretty much gonna go to
school year round I figure it out
she's gonna roll into seventh grade as
soon as we stop the sixth I'll let her
have like a week then we just need to
get the seventh grade rolling are you I
can't leave you're going in a third
grade and then fourth and then say yeah
I get it I know how it works I think
this is our final wardrobe change for
the day doesn't we do this all again
tomorrow
how you feelin Annie that good huh she
hasn't been on her phone all day so
we'll let her have five minutes how do
you think she's doing Haley are you
gonna kill it tomorrow and it when it's
your turn
yes steal the show are you I think - all
right last look let's see the whole
thing we started with the first one
let's see the last one Oh
oh you put yourself in charge of it it
is your fault you're gonna mess it up
these two have been fighting like maybe
worse than heylia Manning's no but we're
half Giddings okay good I'm glad to hear
it wait so you're not half kidding when
you fight with your real sister yes but
all right that's a wrap on day one we
have another day tomorrow but we are
gonna go get some dinner even though we
just ate a donut all right we're out of
here
stay tuned cuz you know the day is not
over I think we're gonna go eat some
dinner and then start kind of packing we
were back in the hotel after a long day
and let me just tell you that it is time
to start packing up this room Paige has
already done a great job of starting
that process I'm not looking forward to
it it's the worst so but I can't decide
because that mean that brings us to the
question of the day would you rather
pack your bags or unpack your bags me
too
I would rather pack because I don't ever
unpack I literally live out of my
suitcases at home until it's time to
pack what are you doing what are you
doing jeez I always send the wrong emoji
okay sorry Paige Oh banana yeah I did
send a banana
because you just like really really take
it off throw it on your bed organize
mm-hmm I always get my dirty clothes out
Annie would you rather pack or unpack I
like I'm Becky let's be honest let's
just be really honest here how often
have you packed or unpacked I usually
sometimes you do pack unpack at the
hotel
I would rather pack because when I get
home
see you justyou were zoned out on your
phone I'm glad that we yeah you guys we
get to do our day all over again we'll
be back at YouTube space tomorrow and
then the next day we get on a plane and
I in one song so are you excited I know
where it's gonna be the fourth of July
for like a couple days later and we're
just gonna like just hang at the house
for days until it's time to get back to
the in the swing of things so stay tuned
for some exciting relaxation when we get
home like all right guys we'll see you
tomorrow though in the meantime and he's
got to work tomorrow I'm just thinking
of it and Paige you're gonna work are
you gonna do the slate is that what it's
called were you behind oh you are you
are working tomorrow I'm the only one
not working
should I have some lines you can say
that I always remember to celebrate life
Beibei bye thanks for watching
Vitaliy
