time for my morning bright and early
not really right early but yes she is
doing school uh sweeps in sons hoping
after this I don't have to do any your
timing it right I told her she could
stop doing school at eleven and do in
school for a couple hours she's already
done with more than a week and one
subject that's good we're moving along
we're moving along and that's the update
we're going to an Instagram beach party
today and means we're going to Nicole's
house with rock your hair and brew up a
rush Michael we're going to have
somewhat of a big announcement I do
believe something we're working on
something that we're going to be testing
today so something Annie needs in her
life and we thought it would be I'm
giving all these hints needs and maybe
you guys need it too so and rock your
hair doesn't have just yet
these are lots of heads mmm is that too
many okay I'm just gonna stop doing
today I didn't give it all the way yet
then I got to stay tuned to see what it
is but we're going to test it okay there
you know what it is do you think so kind
of that out daddy
no don't cut it out leave it all in now
they're gonna know but they're gonna
find out later today way so stay tuned
my friends and see what we're up to it
didn't give it all the way I just gave
one or two hints stay tuned to see if
you're right if what it's what it's
yours what you're thinking because it's
going to be fun and it's something that
I'll just stop talking now stay tuned
for the Instagram party or we're going
to get some lunch first
stay tuned for that this is really known
as he has even lunch no no mum Annie's
breakfast
yeah okay we are here he's from like oh
those are giant beach balls are line
beginning to kill me I can't wait I
can't wait I can't wait I can't wait I
can't wait I do believe we might be the
first people here oh we're just in the
cars because I don't want to be a first
people we might not be by my wait till
Nicole number yeah
I'm still driving I don't know if I'm
going to go in yet what's the water in
concert in the water oh my gosh my bad
guys I dropped you off a fun ride wasn't
an image blurring now he works so hard
on not having to worry look worried -
with no less why is it so blurry blurry
oh no oh my goodness you are Emma turn
it off oh yes I got it
so we're going to get the correct shoes
on and the correct diamond find your
towel inside my house hope we're back
there we've got the gummies Nickelodeon
told ya just hit myself in the face of
that okay so yeah remember now wait for
people we know - they're going to be
those type of people
just go
oh we're here okay let's move it down
there go so we don't like guitars
there's a good agreement oh it went out
there okay so let's bring the volleyball
down further go to the party okay Annie
and rush for leading do they guys know
where you're going okay
probably down this path right here who
put you in charge Annie signing this
insta beach sir
issues I made this ride of honor is it
not a real surfboard you guys we have
only made it past the RSVP station a big
group are we gone yeah you can't go to
the beach without me for the dog oh my
god oh he's way over there you guys oh
cool I want to be this person gotta come
out that is amazing
awkward don't always start the pictures
and then we can play
I'm time to see what Haley's doing she's
applying chapstick and walking away from
me question else will she choose the
pretzel she going to choose the pretzel
the sander thaw is a fan burning you
which ones are favorite Oh me - hit me -
you think she's overwhelmed by
inflatable boomerang they've got it
well I spoke too soon I know everybody's
looking for a whale
come on you got it come on come on
rust is challenging your threes upping
the ante
all right the challenge is on please
doesn't match any little competitive
food all right Raph you got it nice
fries not happy in fact that was more
than five
I know pretty good
you
we're talking about squeezing whales and
he or she is squeezing whale go get a
popsicle they're really kids our
Instagram shape what
show me that popsicle what do you think
I'm creeping on you for oh you guys the
sand is burning shade shade shade I know
and she's on now walking around alright
come on let's go find some shade for my
feet my feet needs change the wind is
blowing that way completely good thing
there's nobody standing there waiting
crash you should probably just stand
there
you just stand over there because that's
where it's going to take it she's not
going to have control cuz the wind see
nice Oh Annie bought you guys ah skills
you scared me I like where she aiming
that was smart than forgetting beach
button
really hurt again that symbol no oh you
don't Keo I think we're almost ready to
go everybody's pretty much ready yeah
you ready a sign a sign or mine - Rajesh
mine do I like the Sun but the Sun
usually burns me the volleyball squad oh
there unfold you got it you can do it
they're pretty much profession was
Russia that's a guy and such a boy he's
like very much this is a big book out
I'm sorry like I'm moving it
Oh go call it I'll be the coach well you
always be whenever they got better oh
she's got like four it's going for blood
okay Oh Paige feels right Oh hurry red
rook and Nicole and rushes and Mike
rushes rush got rushes and Michael
Phelps and Paige feels right at home
you've never been here
would you love that you're already guys
stay tuned we're about to tell you why
we're here you guys expired Annie I'm
excited so excited
do you know why you're here yes okay
good and he definitely knows we've been
working on this program promises but
something we're about to do it but it
paid once to eat first
Bailey's changed do you want some curry
it's like a soup okay Nicole I just want
to know that everything that I use in my
hair was rock your hair yesterday when I
shampooed it and a new look and we used
the wand everything but it was all
yesterday when I like shampooed and all
that I put all the products in and then
I just blew dry it really fast and it
was not pretty at all and then I just
went through this straightener and lank
straighten it and then today I've been
like a beach wave with a curling iron
yeah it looks like I wish my hair looks
like that so yeah I love I think this
what you just wrote I think that
missionary are the leave-in conditioner
the oil one yeah did you use it I'm
jealous I forgot we had it and it wasn't
really good not like heaven but her hair
time so I wouldn't do like as much own
horse curd suppose you go I would do the
route volumizer on her I would anyone
else can you use a reason for oh yeah
what we get out what we get out of your
hair oh we got a line on it
which was materially more glue than
actual legislate it was pretty much glue
so you don't want to use a weave in to
get out your cheer hair or you'd answer
that it's the stuff you did like you
want it no it's the best thing ever is
not glue out of yours is different in
angular2 yeah that's actually for but
there is a reason why we have all these
products over here
Annie you want to do your big
announcement she's so excited we have
like all these products and then you
guys love them all but then any peg
waiting oh my goodness I was trying I
love is like you know like we're doing
right now just looking at all of them
testing room smelling all the difference
no yeah but then I was like hey do you
guys have gel they're like no we don't I
don't like no idea we need some gel so
we use a lot of gel for tear for
gymnastic and Dan tour I'm sure we're
going to learn some up done something
about dance hair but we were like let's
use we need the gel and they're like we
don't have to make you enter your hair
do cheerleaders need it after fruit
Jones and thinking of the Dover High and
prom and all the girls are winning that
let's back look and all they have always
fly away my baby here and that's what
gymnasts can't have and I've heard
dancers shouldn't have it but we got to
get those big so yeah nobody's gonna
fire so what's the announcement do you
want to show those look how excited yeah
yeah I just put that in there enrollees
are all waiting with bated breath
general whoa look at that
Annie rocks Memorial cheer dance
gymnastics Joe so now all you dancers
and cheerleaders and gymnast out there
you'll have to worry about
flyaways and you can look back but we
wanted to show we've come from narrowed
it down a few right so we're gonna do
this thing wieszczyk t like the key to
make it pink that's what it's going to
look like my friends
yes so we just end up worrying too
because sometimes they give us the
samples and other packaging but that
would be the bottle write this in a
different color
yeah well you got we got to start
testing you got to figure out what you
like there is a formula in there we've
got other ones and then we've got to
decide on the scent we want this is yeah
but it's not nested wrong sent in the
wrong color bottle but you get to decide
what scent you want the consistency all
right okay wait so you gotta decide on
the scent because that's 110 that smells
so good but you guys know it babe does
your favorite scent smell all the scents
mine oh my gosh why is that smell any
morning oh my gosh it'd be like that one
I love Oh pass the smell everybody wants
to smell opinions using any kind of do
me just Jimmy just wants to smell stuff
I am so excited you guys even they got
you your hair is going to stay and sweet
but not like too sweet okay so this is
what I do I would lick their hair back
with this and then I would spray it with
over back on top and remember this is
the first one don't forget which one gel
are smelling I don't ever so after we
put the gelatin and all it always puts
farkles but doesn't you want spark
anemic sparkles Oh in it I was just
thinking do you guys have some sparkles
but could you put it in the gel
that would be so much easier than having
to because i normally i jealous and then
i spray it with hairspray and then
usually when we get to the meet we spray
the sparkle bit but if the if the
sparkle were already in the job what
color
oh my god okay more decisions they're
like really customized gel look at me oh
yeah so you could do that for your use
that for your high pony you don't have
to be a cheerleader or a gymnast or a
dancer to use this gel just record just
need it hair if you have hair if you can
use this because that would be really
good you know that really high ponytail
you did for for playlist perfect well I
guess not you but I love you anyway miss
Carrie did it yeah the high bun or a
high ponytail flick it back if you guys
want to preorder that auntie rock still
mine then you can go down in the
description box below and I was told by
my dear friend Nicole earlier today that
little mystery lady broch your hair is
kind enough to donate a portion of sales
are going to go to HC HC m thank founder
show which if you didn't know that's the
condition that kayla passed away from so
we're going to go help some other
because how some of this will go help
some of those people so better finally
finding out a cure or even finding out
if they have it so we want to throw a
lot of joe so let's buy some gel to help
some peeps wait is there another item
you have to get your turn ready get your
pen ready is the first hundred people oh
yeah that's pre-order right percent of
people are going to get a signed what
unsigned picture i love how we're just
thinking of this all right now this is
the best disabuse Evan okay
a sign picture Danny the first hundred
that pre-order so the pre-order is open
right now so that it a signed picture
and then open every visitor oh then okay
it's almost forty an hour and in a first
48 hours I'm just repeating what Nicole
says we're going to view like a what it
sounds like I'm not in love rap contest
Rhonda a drawing a drawing to win a
special meet and greet with Hania
at your retailer yeah oh yeah our
pretend a secrete somebody can
I do that and uh though if they order in
the first 48 hours we're going to take
all those orders and we have their email
in the order and we're going to enter
their name into a drawing and then
they're going to win one of the home run
and special special meet and greet at
Arbor Day we meet and Anaheim in January
so order quickly 48 hours you're all
entered and you can win a meet up with
an e so there's two contests really if
the first hundred are getting a signed
picture and then somebody's winning a
meet up so just pre-order the gel and
then after to get it out you don't even
have to wash your hair you can just get
to use that and get it out oh yeah that
comes out in like not even like three
minutes and some girls when they do
their to your hair it's so horrible for
them because they can take 45 minutes of
scene and their moms is really horrible
for them off because they feel so bad
like torturing their children and so
they try this product that's actually
our best selling product is just one get
ready because this is going to be the
next one we can get it I get it
yeah so we can't wait I'm side guided
pre-order to open now I'm gonna be the
first one I'm gonna go order it Mary
Claire webs or spiders so not true all
the time yet he mighta laughs wait stop
I just felt something oh my god I think
I want to take the back trail got
tarantulas over here like yeah should
you end page switch seats oh she's not
on the end like I don't know her well
alright people okay I'm responsible
people I can watch TV 3 veces
until a lawsuit
let me go driving
hey guys treehouse we're out another
beach another and I'm tired and I'm are
you filming me too huh wow this is a
strange and if you noticed this is the
beach where they filmed a little do you
know she picked up her jacket right here
here right do you guys remember that did
you did you know okay so this is where
they filmed at the beach and if you
haven't seen it you don't see it look
how cool that is
Annie hey it's alright Oh y'all just dip
it yeah it's so pretty
I love it any Muslim yeah you paint
Annie take a picture though take a
picture
in the wall you get to sit in your lap
me and Annie got in trouble from Haley
she threw sand at us no she threw Santa
me I was like you just want to start a
war so I got fan-like a little bit yeah
through back at her and then she was
like laughing himself we are eating and
that's all we actually don't have food
yet so interline said we are eating but
we are doing coke we're not eating
refusing it is pretty fancy got the
pineapple cherry I think it's almost
gone I has a q-tip and he's sitting
there staring up it's like offering
services all right it's full bite
I think Hailey's feeling a little look I
got that I got that Wow a spider like
spider
okay hey Weez Amy's happy don't go Santa
me
don't throw sin no no one is it you
really have it in your hand yeah you
might buy many no you're doing it right
listen it's it is teri Jo okay you you
get to throw one Santa me once and
anyway but it's more like a distance hey
great to meet you yo you get one one
three
getting a bunch of oh hey that is no
one's life yeah ready bro
how did it say we're not in the food not
in the food on the face you want to got
my arm
speaking of y'all it's been a long day
so apparently Hayley left her we just
want to get in the bed really I
literally have been thinking about the
ventilation so we just got back in the
hotel about open yeah I know
she got dark okay question all day
escalator or elevator if you had a
choice I'm going escalator all right
what'd you say elevator but that's true
we're going to bed Ford you're tired I
don't think we're gonna have a delirious
night like we did last night
we're crashing you have aligned my a a
nice filming and stuff tomorrow we'll
tell you more as things progressed but
it's going to be exciting
stay tuned we'll film what we can as
always good night
see you tomorrow comment down below Oh
even though she's so tired she's still
going to say it elevators or escalators
we love you guys goodbye a good night
always remember just tell a bright light
Hey
 based on babe thanks for
watching
Britt Haley
