time for what cami oh don't mind me over
here I'm just over here making this
gourmet breakfast for Annie just woke
her up
although doesn't really look like it she
is a wait over there this is why I'm
such a great cook I know that just needs
more milk and I think I'm going to get
her a banana
one-handed cooking you guys cooking so
funny
whoops one-handed dropping okay
breakfast is ready
I'm gonna wake her up because she's
going to do some school she just doesn't
know it yet but she might know it now
here's your breakfast Annie
I've been up for several hours
I let them sleep in today we've had a
few things to do a bit later on so we
can just nice and slowly wake up alright
maybe that's how I should wake her up
from now on to put food in the bed with
her I wasn't expecting that
Annie just like all of a sudden just
sitting here being quiet doing schools
because mommy turn the camera on you're
not a science so science for the hair
check be week's math check you did three
weeks so what do you have left language
history and then that other one the
music the music that was left your
musics account as music yeah but you
also have to do the stuff on there yeah
it's PE that I fill him I have to show
that she's done enough exercise every
day and he got a callback for a Disney
show so that she submitted a couple
weeks ago I think we didn't think we're
going to hear anything so that's where
we're going today and then after that
we're going to meet Paige and Haley and
we're going to Despicable Me 3 screening
so we've got some good stuff going on
here today you had an easy morning well
my my day was easy and II just did three
weeks of science so we're going to get
the day actually started and try to
capture something a little bit more
entertaining than an 8 is laying in the
bed but you know what sometimes that's
what we do we just land the bed
the countdown to home is in full swing
we go home and I need to choose day 2
today winds right was it Thursday
Thursday 5 4 days I get to see my puppy
dogs and my bed and I have been so he
does in your bed as well she won't
yeah and a big bowl of macaroni and
cheese then I'll be good to go we've
been gone since I think May 13th or
something I have to look on the calendar
again but I like it's been like seven
weeks let's go ahead and eat lunch
Hayley and I swam this morning so we're
about to dig in and get some energy we
journey Montauk it's so good so we
decided to eat on the floor go there's
literally no room to sit we have so much
stuff in here like your shirt it's cute
sister's rule you miss your dad yet
it's only been one day I'm talking Ben
wouldn't I and so we're without him
though so quiet ha ha ha it's like did
you know when you're anything you would
know a little like so she's done with
lunch and now she's back in the bed and
higher and why are you so tired from
swimming we did swim a whole lot yeah
we literally plan back and forth back
and forth back and forth in the pool
over and over you know they're just like
ah yeah those fun no the weather is
perfect I am we are straightening my
hair and later we're going to go see a
movie we are headed to Universal area
for a movie you so excited I don't know
if we can share what movie might be
inside we straighten her hair it was so
pretty we actually used rock your hair
products and I made it super smooth and
nice and pretty
we're waiting on our ride our beautiful
limo not a limo I wish I wish oh yeah
an hour drive is a little far I got
myself hey I know we forgot to go get it
up at the front or up at the hotel Haley
and I are matching we had light pink
shirt we and be amazing I know I died I
don't have my jean jacket okay guys so I
just finished my the audition went
pretty well um yeah so now we are going
to return the head of selenium we're so
excited I can't wait okay Michael not
free
I'm so excited it and it's like a
brother comes in I think it's like if
the thing is like oh brother I can't
wait okay my hair is my big compeiied
Haley you're on our way to meet up here
right now trying to drop a lot so he's
not off mover drop for all on the other
side so we are gonna have to walk to her
and she will meet us somewhere kind of
me go but my feet hurt so Andy
volunteers we're gonna shoot until pervy
I don't want Rapide to get too long look
who we now they did it I'm so proud of
you guys you guys can wear the same
color how cute
all right guys it is Despicable Me 3
times who pumped that ones pumps are you
balanced pump
you guys like musical chairs but I'm
taking them off I'm telling them ah me
hard and I got lost some for me but I
think they're done super that water
before we go in for getting a little -
stepping on
you
you
des okay oh yeah are you doing oh don't
knock anything down push my face it oh
my goodness I think you can help
yourself
yeah go let's roll what probably not
picked out bounty is a paper towel
thank you very much more go to maid
minion donut what is that stop oh go
ahead get what you need look at this
amazing set up having to make your
selection what were you thinking what
was the process here
donut or cupcake how did you make that
decision I made a decision because I
think I'm going to have more because
you're just starting totally you guys
this is so fun of course you should hold
your doughnut oh there's fun Anna my
cold lots of crops should we all get
inners we do what you guys
okay guys I'm going to come behind you
yeah
that's all
I feel like where do I take good one
grab one you guys this is so much fun
getting excited to see what is in there
one probably one each one or one quote
Haley's going to want one what is it
it just oh it's like it's like fruit
awesome
are they all different it's like a like
a mystery bag are they all the same
Oh like a mystery bag operation that's
what we go operation crazies we all live
in the same place when I showed you a
picture over here - you're going to get
better
who likes butter in their popcorn that's
gonna be your question today we'll just
do it now all that butter or no butter
don't I look so much better I'm going
with no butter
Paige can't go anywhere by ourselves I'm
watching a Canada cow this is gonna be
so cozy okay of course we can't film the
movie so a lot going but yeah yeah it
will give you a good reaction after but
we aren't going to do any spoilers June
June 30th the day that we're on a plane
so I'm super excited that we get to see
this now because of the can't go opening
day then we appreciate being invited
here to see it before we get on plane
you're gentle does a minion out here
which minion guests before we serve
which one is her mom um it's one minion
and I'm one day and I get who is it
who's your Couture no no no you said to
me I smell no no it no is a new
character okay you're not going to no no
I just know the guy with one eye because
a dork
who is it who is it Haley don't run
there's a line jemelle have one Isis a
big bad girl
go ahead Oh howdy sad thank you good
timing
wait Annie Twizy no see the new one else
no mr. a new one no meet Mel we met Mel
do you want to meet now like I don't
know do I
oh he's very sad and very quiet
he didn't say banana one we have to go
clean up popcorn
when we got up hurricane Haley
accidentally spilled my popcorn
rosemarie photo Joris it's down on the
ground this is what we deal with you
guys
I've gotten the first movie that we ever
saw didn't she like do something with
popcorn no there's something about you
and I know that but you drop something
on the floor maybe was you time to drop
popcorn sword nerd you alright well
somebody go watch that video what
happened to be cut with that video card
in others behind that what that video
call communications everybody knows a
couple needs
you guys my best one yet
my favorite character nerds go go it was
pretty good
lucky y'all stay tuned to find out about
lucky to go because we don't want to do
a spoiler but it was adorable
yeah no spoiler alert although - what's
in it yeah because the movie won't be
out by the time this video is out super
cute and now we're going to head home
home to the hotel sorry that home we're
about to go down a row I'm going to keep
going after all way the top you're a
trainee driver this is a plate I'm so
scared
we've got an impostor those are
somebody's trying to pretend that she's
Haley and sneak on the elevator with us
no don't you hit one and they will have
to get off me don't you want a knuckle
sandwich yes mommy no we're going to go
on a skyscraper and you can push all the
buttons you just go being like that
okay give us ice always do it I knew I
was the crazy one
thankfully calm down over there Annie
will tell you Annie thinks that
despicable Despicable Me 3 got a line
from her cuz in Johnny I don't think
that line gives anyway yes that's what
they said and it's just a nice thinks
it's her line
you think just the people of Despicable
Me watched your vlog and we're like oh
that's cute let's use that you guys have
to see that movie okay take the blankie
no I literally just got into a wave of
heat Paige introduce the girls of the
bucket well not in real life but on
video the bucket list okay we don't have
any plans to meet them but clearly pays
are going to mean we speak in positive
positivity they're in a different
country than us they're going to
you can swing a little thing a lot
little Finn is bigger than you now free
Tommy hi Annie I think that there's a an
account an Instagram account that says
Annie's baby boys it's called Annie's
baby boys I swear I saw that today on
this is Annie's little weight squeeze an
eyeball Cooper not you that this was a
lamb with now it's a little dirty oh
yeah Oh ders what kind of odor every
odor I'm not going to tell her well now
you have to tell her I accidentally put
down on well it was a little bit more
complicated than that when we got out in
the ballot yeah when the valet was
taking our car we opened the door but
Hailey's breakable Izzy and I say them
wasn't like secured in the cup holder
and it broke everywhere and the lamb
fell inside and in it we were here and
we picked it up really quick okay guys
sorry we're confessing everything now so
go ahead anything anybody else got
anything to confess yeah look at this
doesn't like a whale what I'm missing a
little whale like slime inflation when
you look at the Stars - what
don't imagine Curtis Lee together
Madison connect oh that's like from a
movie an American tale okay don't give a
song about it Kelsey an American tale
Paige are you old enough to have seen an
American tale all right never mind about
okay I like it's so sweet he'll an
American player any other confessions oh
I got a confession
oh I've got a good dream so we all make
a story and like one person says like
once upon a time I love that these are
101 a time they're a cool little that
was okay we gotta stop it there now in
the comments in the comments they're
going to finish it you guys one word at
a time where they're gonna have a good
story in the comments right so forget
the salt the buttered popcorn we'll save
that one for another day cuz we want
this filled up with a story time bear
one a chicken well that was cool a cool
little chicken will that was little
I'll do that so much craziness
guys I'm to our story no we don't want
to advance we're going to bed we have a
kind of sweet cabbage
I can't wait to squeeze Piper okay guys
good night see you tomorrow finish the
story
say goodbye cousin Lulu my Oh Oh rose
this to me bye guys
see you tomorrow always remember to
celebrate a thanks for watching Rick
Haley
