time for what carry good morning
what are y'all doing in here braiding
you're getting ready for the first day
of VidCon mmm
hey we had some Street here looking good
nothing's Dutch right okay I gotta watch
you this looks difficult no that's why
you're really slow and a perfectionist
oh okay oh I'll get it
you know her I don't get your spray a
little more yeah I know what she's doing
all right so yeah we're getting ready
for VidCon and we already did didn't any
Dutch braid of course I'm not as good
but it actually looks really good today
mm-hmm usually I'll do you live right
we're doing some braids I might be brave
enough to do a braid really I give you
different residues we're all doing it
yeah I don't know what I'm going to do
yet occasion after hearing everyone to
look up early this morning the panel
who's an amish delivery newman are is
off now directly snaps already I know
she's a lady
so mr. Warren no less than 15 doctors
walk so we're getting back of a hotel
and we're going to see what kind of
condition our bays and I know Annie's
dressed because she snapped the picture
okay I was wondering if you guys were
going to be dressed and ready for the
day you didn't get hurt thank god this
is adorable
no you look great you look great we're
on for the rocker I think so yes good
laughter you know I'm the other one
I didn't he commuted the bridge I know
your alarm kept going off and then
stopping I'm like I think they're having
I'm like I wonder if she'll get up look
my alarm zone very important no I'm so
proud that your eyes are up and ready we
can go get some lunch
Annie's going on the musical stage today
we've got some meetings daddy did a
panel yeah Vic on day one
a little play area we always look for
play areas and lounges so we just got
here to VidCon well Billy and I were
here earlier but the girls the girls got
to sleep in so we're here and they're
excited and they're running around like
maniacs
we're going to see what kind of trouble
I can make why are they fighting you're
those distance they're always bickering
back and forth like an old married
couple
this is what we make them do onto but
their comment creepy people were in our
room we be scared people drop stuff off
in our room working here is good I think
I saw people walk yeah and I saw a ton
of them on a cart great bag then out Lu
way I got here one of the reasons mr.
Lee what it did is I got lost
oh my gosh I don't want unwrap it
husband all the Canasta all right
children I already have one of those so
you need it by the way guys I'm the
future creator this is all my stuff
Anna yeah when I was a preacher creator
last year this women all it wasn't this
cool no that's not true I got really I
got a Polaroid again I got a legit a new
cap that I'm not in my closet right so
all that stuff is your said oh yeah you
probably will God oh that's more weight
Rafi no no you get it it's like then
I'll then how I know you really just got
that well I was starting to get it but I
want to make sure before I said it for
sushi guys on it so good oh it's a gummy
I'm gonna make sushi they're gonna like
this 150 toys with an hour it's so good
what is it a marshmallow
period how much what we should okay I'm
gonna turn I was that heart unless I
just wanted to have a marshmallow and
sugar
hmm
straight up I want to try this one I'm
definitely good what is it
describe tell me with a little like
pieces of sugar on that um thank you
thank you backstage here we have where
we can Bruce ourselves up why do I say
screw what kind of word is that listen
how wow they are out there up the main
stage back there that you guys are
hearing but a Neve about to go on to
musically stage and it's going to be
super fun Haley's running around
bouncing on things and they have you
cool mirrors here and hair spray and dry
shampoo that you can check out your
faint before you go out and gather here
hey y'all funniest story as we were
driving over here guess who we saw so
yeah these are old managers he's not our
manager anymore frown face but we
haven't seen her and so long and she
just happened to be you can have one
she's heavy walking down the street and
pages like yeah man she came over and I
couldn't get the camera out in time she
ran in the road it was the funniest
thing we're getting the flyaways down
like I hear it out and maybe then you'll
know it does kind of look like a bird oh
it's a Twitter because when the Walmart
oh it's already begun you guys have you
not noticed now they talk to her yes
they talking to each other like sisters
it looks good good thing for this mirror
I was going to use the word thing again
and I'm like no I hate the word thing be
more descriptive than seeing when you
ever you feel yourself using the word
thing pay Jamaica try to find a better
word I love this page you try to get
their little organs up without touching
the metal part like come on precision
operation guide this is old-school
ooh and II got the hang of it already
you've got butterflies in his stomach
yeah you could do the next one
you got the horse alright Lee see your
operation skills
she's like whatever just go full force
you're trying to try to do it with those
that doesn't it doesn't line up right
guys to be on heroes all day
no no stay for a little bit who else has
a question for regular when I had read
yeah yeah get it Oh Mel Buddha all right
anyone want you cause it's America maybe
Nathan was on a flop music you music you
came on social media at the other week I
say all right
dancing dancing for 14 years
I started out as old and yeah they were
several microphone here yes abroad to
break a knee
not for myself
oh okay why not well I'm gonna kill my
job walking to the grocery store a
billion people are looking at me saying
what is that girl doing why she film
yourself talking to ourselves okay
where's your honors field here it's
already just like we don't care is
everybody staring at me go ahead I'll do
that Andre I know people staring at me
right now and it's really wanting to be
convincing and this office is literally
what you're doing almost on this camera
yes well I like the most
Andy genially if you could have if you
could have any animal if you could have
anything you need a finger monkey it's
literally there's a good I didn't even
believe that they existed did you
it's just monkey that's literally
nothing and turn you down your picture
so cute like I cried I cried dr. Q
adding any of you if you can have any
animal wait hold this animal like what
if it's like wild and it will kill you
or they don't like any oh yeah no no
it'll be like a nice wild and all I
would either have an elephant or a tiger
great why would you think anything would
kill you
I love the tiger with the holding like
wouldn't it be nice have a baby elephant
true yeah
do you have an answer animal any animal
yeah I'm saying monkey how would they
want to do there we go
I like monkey bag I love you very
equipment have any animal oh man I would
have a Siberian tiger okay well we got
it pretty cool super exotic there's one
about YouTube there a monkey or baby
panda sad yourself like you'd have to
keep it as a baby the whole entire yeah
baby panda girl it would be so cute
favorite person okay
I love Joe Joe he's like that
I love her she's awesome how about you
I love Jojo Jojo but I got all the girls
honestly all of them are amazing yeah
that's awful it was hilarious self
you
all right you guys there that dance last
lesson going on out here they just got
off a musically stage and we're heading
back to the hotel she's really teaching
her
okay eyebrows the dinner and they are
obviously super tired but you know we
have a party after this if we make it
like a YouTube creator party but I don't
know if we're going to make it feel like
they're winding down all right any
serving us
thank you ma'am and
a nice a leading updated
Wow
I thought you guys with Haley's on Haley
we are the neck party the party so in
here at VidCon to jump from here to
start with the next hour
all right so we are taking our makeup
off there are still in there I just kind
of wanted to get it open so I already
took it off so yeah
are we doing Christian day right now no
not but I got over we're just back in
the hotel chillin not date night over it
well it is later than I hope I got your
hands crush on me at 9:30
well all hanging out in the hotel well
daddy's not he still at that party
mm-hmm
we were hired questions a hey your
favorite minion oh oh that's gone Bob
Bob Bob Bob Bob fish Bob Stuart and have
inspect all of them and the three one my
favorite anime we su meet we media
purposes one mmm I like Bob the fish I
don't know them who saw Bob Stewart in
Kevin the Bob Bob is the short one with
what with two eyes do I come and do it
is a novel little later and yes a bomb
has two different colored eyes Stewart
is a look at the medium one with one eye
and then Kevin is the tallest one with
to us
toilet camera okay I'm working on my
arms
watch this guy's I need to give nothing
they do want to see everyone put my
jacket jumper just calm down below me
right now guy that is who jump in at
minions and the three job I have a meet
up tomorrow so we can't wait to see some
of you guys yeah I mean both all of you
guys I could say all right that's a good
day yeah bye guys see them on we're
literally just gonna go to bed
always remember to celebrate life Hey
thanks for watching Chris Haley
