time for my cami good morning guys
we're back at it again we're at David
have you tuned in yesterday yeah it's oh
you might know that we're here for what
hmm
singing annie is recording another song
okay so we're here from 10:00 to 2:00
today it's going to be a long session it
might only take like three hours I think
it took her to get stuff in here quick I
think it only so for three hours the
record little do you know but this whole
song of hers well it's not hers hers
it's another cover but anyway so we're
here to do just that
and then we have a party to go to mm-hm
mm-hm
and we're going to meet up with Paige
and daddy and Haley later right now
we're going to get this knocked off the
checklist there's things to do in LA
did your boys ready now let me hear it
I'm in here oh you're gonna go do your
Paradis
you ready
that's a song to singing guys surprise
vocal warm-ups okay Annie are you
already going to you don't mess up
hm you'll be able to hear it okay yeah
go sleep
I like the spaceship spaceship motor the
room here here we go
I don't like that you have to hear well
I'm gonna shut it is it look on the wall
no it's better with your life no we're
good Hey - cool effects
yeah well affection look at that right
there the thing I could do I'm very
moving totally you look like one of
those like girls that's awesome
can you hear them you know I was going
to get a nuclear headphone today to go
but we got a lot more people coming
enough all right we'll be hearing you in
about two 6ol and cell I don't
understand why not you're saying funny
it's kind of just an interesting thing
have you heard that thing right who
shakes of a lamb's tail
yeah Billy probably would know there's a
lot of good stuff in there just do it
again beautiful really great you nailed
it like starting on praise - it was like
really great all the way through good
job
let's do it again - jump cool great here
we go
right
sometimes I'll go like just a Q didn't
want to record the usage over it you see
the line on this screen and then where
it turns red that red part is where you
start singing it I'm sure would you
press it right there that party is
highlighted when there's a little line
that will start moving what am i after
that tree on top magenta Bertram doesn't
think which is a big yep okay good
morning who is under there oh it's Haley
I didn't know which little munchkin it
was oh goodness
looks like there's pop-tarts and milk
for you so Haley and I slept till like
10:30 we really slept in now it's like
11:00 something we just I just needed
the extra rest
we're hunted animal repot like 7:45 or
she did go see some music stuff so right
now we are packing you know she's not
here we're not here here we are packing
it up because that's time for VidCon
whoa come on Thursday maybe we'll go to
the pool yeah cause we give you a lesson
mm up cuz I was closed and cold okay so
yeah that was last night we didn't get
to we just watched movies in pain and
elves
she's making fun of me
trying to do the hard thing with me but
then when I go do it she like it's like
when you try to give a high five and you
Casca you're the microphones you like
the heart like right here I'll be cute
all right
my handedly it's funny one time we are
eating wings today well I have a salad
Haley's getting wings these wings are so
good I've tasted it
the barbecue is so good and so after
lunch we're going to the pool and it's a
sunshiny outside so it's gonna be nice
yeah she's already in her bathing suit
we're going to head straight out there
jump in do it
go hailey yes what you thought I wasn't
gonna jump in No
the fill warm is it the warm
they're really I'm jumping okay a little
seal guess what well I think it's no
light finishing finding dory really - it
was like what in the morning and I
couldn't stop watching it
no it's not sad and happy I just didn't
know what to do so you can you make a
noise like a few data games I don't
think that sounds like it that's a dog
no you think that Murphy skills that I
got the camera out so we get some
footage and now you're like your
performance is even better
yes that's right all right I'm gonna go
at the same time so we can knock it out
Yeah right yeah she's like giggle giggle
cameras in my face you did so good
though altogether and everything well
fasi how are you gonna edit the giggle
out that's the one that was great though
you did very well
very good okay oh yeah we're gonna have
the voice here we go over we're not 40
very good three and a half hour of them
alright just go home you sweet just kind
of see we got y'all the last time
because we do what it how do you know
yeah so you're not sharing a song this
time it's all you get away with having
like just we would have been done but
this course like the first course needs
to be different than the second course
on this particular song it some pop song
it's like the same I think that's a
raffle we nailed it I did so good for
over a loop is that right there for
three hours wait for our
World Cup sort of doesn't know are you
awake still
are you alive are you lightheaded I am
all of yes I am lightheaded it's super
super good
hey probably dude gonna come out great
it is stay tuned everybody stay tuned
alright I'm going to finish a
conversation that happens while we're
inside so you know how you knew Mia was
coming to VidCon right and they're here
well there's somebody else that came
with her that I just don't know that you
knew you know if she was with her you
didn't tell me you just burst my bubble
I'm going to surprise you yeah all right
so friends are coming so that we might
beat them tonight all right
okay we're going to go set a good twins
all right my friend so weird Cheesecake
Factory we're waiting they're like a
20-minute wait with Annie's pick and
Jayden and her mom are going to meet us
here why am i belong give me your feet
and vlog you're paying out for good I'm
glad you guys to go oh so we're going to
really want to see the money we're good
now that's too scary for you and I look
here my little baby girl no really thank
you guys
um you know I only like to our extreme
sex
my mummys alright but for some reason I
can't you tell me
let's use aam be the typical mummy okay
but anyways back to the plan so Jaden
and her mom are coming because they want
to show you the store where Jaden gets
some of their shirts they think you're
gonna like it all right now we're gonna
catch shaggy and workout was a nice day
hello perfect weather perfect rating to
gig I'm actually really really good so
we can now open that strip shopping the
aftermath these two did good
yes miss Yvonne they would love to take
a picture with you
alright guys we are done with our food
now we're going to go shopping for the
parties we came here to go shopping we
found the menu not a menu
yeah it was the same shirt the dress
code dress attire whatever it's called
was a receptacle of course not dress
code maybe we just present you the
attire whatever it is black and white so
Annie's gone or is it black or white so
anyone all battle she's doing both they
got the same skirt on and because we
rushed out this morning sold quickly and
even put her full face of makeup on just
kidding she'd put normally she does a
little mascara and blush and today she
I'm letting her do some more because
we're going to a party and a little red
carpet so I told her she could interview
one so she's a disco ball
yeah I guess my weight wasn't producing
the new movie I know my engine can you
say my singing you me vexy Wow okay
Annie and here's the girl definitely
some Elena I heard it was laying on aqua
Natalie Lena Olli
they were super sweet you seem like
they're being mobbed over there so I
didn't want to like fix a camera in
their face they are very important to me
so that we don't eat or look at least it
was like 19 sorry guys I didn't vlog it
because they had cameras all around them
okay Annie did get a picture so we'll
post the picture they were very nice
little star-struck
oh my gosh Jojo oh my gosh been 12 hours
since we were in at this hotel room
I'll see what everybody doing I think
there's late
they went anywhere what I ordered pizza
and they got pop-tart or hum can she
missed up some people mix up when we're
going all day
kinda oh hi Curtis engine page a donkey
hey how you doin eight thousand are you
boy and we have to eat cookies and pizza
hey did you miss me hey Lee Hartley
money looks like into a party it wasn't
it was messy hey that was a pretty good
day page is probably better than henna
yeah she's like out with this little
high being online ooh fancy
hey guys so it's the end of the day we
had okay well any idle mind I do
not we like just laid on the bed all we
did is window went to the fold so Oh
Richie it's time for the vision of the
day and the question of the day is if
you could have any color of eye what
would it be
um pages I would do blue Heidi pages
peons I balloons of mine are at a green
book alright I go don't forget to go
down below because we want to know the
question of the day is co-hosting super
colorize be right
ie the model ie always remember to
celebrate a thanks for watching Chris
Haley
