today I'm peeling up these stuff right
now to put to put laundry away I came in
here to wake these two little girls and
this one was already awake to in school
so I got the camera to show you guys
it's 9:00 a.m. it's time to wake up on
the charger morning sunshine how was the
bed good I wake this little one up
hey hey hey chick appe she looks all
comfy in this big ol bed it's time to
wake up come mornin it's breakfast time
mm-hmm I was worried she was gonna sit
up and hit her head and forget it was a
bunk bed you ready to wake up I don't
think she's ready to wake up all right
you guys we're gonna get this day
started only thing on the agenda so far
is school but I'm sure we will figure
out something to do on our day off so
stay high I'm not feeling well has a
sore throat but I got my bedding on last
night Haley woke up had a sore throat
took a bath try to make herself feel a
little better
and now Andy's already done some school
I need to clean this I don't like this
blenders that's always gonna make marks
looks like a little greasy fingers what
to clean it so since Haley didn't feel
well I'd like let her have the morning
off from school
well Annie just finished school and now
we're going to go get our nails done
because it has been so long and my toes
need a pedicure so that is the plan and
then if Haley's feeling better after
that she's gonna do a little school we
are going to put laundry away today we
are getting some stuff done on this day
off but it's nice it just be at home
with nowhere to be and if we want to go
somewhere tonight
we can't why do I look like that night
then I got surgery on my eye and a head
laughing gasps so your throat's sore
how's it feeling any better
sometimes when you wake up in the
mornings you can feel worse and then as
the day progresses it feels a little
better do you think you feel a little
better or that's still really hurting
after after the bathroom and now you can
talk I feel like Annie I just heard Anna
get in the shower but you need to go
brush your teeth before we go all right
my friends we're getting up we're
getting out all right you guys we
finally figured out what we're doing
today oh I I already mentioned that we
might do this and we are we're going to
get our little toes done and our little
fingers and we just got a drag Hayley
out of the bed she does not want to get
hers done so she doesn't have to get her
is done but I've got to drag her out of
the bed so are you ready what are you
thinking you're gonna do I meant like on
your nails beginning acrylics yeah do it
she has the worst luck with them doing
not going to long I mean going to long
she says they're like they're like they
get mad at me for saying
I want to feel like you're to be on the
line as I can so please no arguing look
and then I'm there that they're like
okay what we're gonna do is like perfect
let's do them sure and they never really
because I want them short
I don't shorter and then they're long
and then when they start to grow out
there way too long I'm getting gel and
I'm getting my toes done it has been so
long huh maybe you might change her mind
all right well we it's her moisturizer
we will see you when we get back you
guys and we will show you what we got
done and we'll be back my battery's dead
so I'm going to let it charge while
we're gone it's flashing I forgot to
charge it so we'll be back we're gonna
let that battery charge and Wong will
resume this regularly scheduled blog in
a few minutes
well a few minutes for us like an hour I
mean a few minutes for you guys a few
seconds for you guys hour hour and a
half for us are you ready for a nail
reveal hailey decided not to get her
nails done tell him ready okay ready the
nail person was so nice right so we
thought did we were like oh this is
perfect they would looked so short from
the beginning yes perfect for finally
get some short nails I should put the
Polish on there like grew like three
gems they look like they grew I think
but I figured it out and he's got really
long nails and like ripping fingers and
really skinny long so you put anything
makes it look even longer so we need to
go even shorter next time we're gonna
pin and then so my my um my nail polish
lady she had like all these different
designs like I guess she was trying out
on her on her own fingers and on on one
of her like her thumb she had this like
faded Sparkle and she was so nice I was
like oh I like I like that one do you
guys do designs like that or that
for fun for you she's like um no I could
do it do you want to oh yes please I got
black because you can't beat black and I
got white on my toes now she's gonna eat
some lunch her throat is still hurting a
little bit a lot bit or a little bit we
were gonna go down to the pool but I
don't know I don't know if you should
get in you want to go lay out you might
be able to get into a hot tip I'm just
because it would be like a bath I'm just
worried about you getting into the pool
and getting cold I mean it's in the Sun
it's so warm but in the shade it's cold
so you might be able to do a hot tub if
you get like close to bundle up and
after you do have bathing suits wear it
all you needs one you have other bathing
suits you better they're sore from
running around last night they are
playing hide and seek good case not dodo
with the Bobo all right well we're gonna
go down and sit in the Sun because it
feels good out there
well I headed over there so I'm back at
the house as you can see and I came back
to a ton of packages and I've gotten
through much to those and I'm just
getting the house ready for the girls to
come back they're finally coming back
see everything to see the dogs and today
I'm going to get the dogs so I'll film
that so that you can see their cute
little faces you guys is we found the
son
all the Sun I even brought a blanket
just in case it was cold out here oh
this is gonna be glorious glorious know
it feels so warm on these we're gonna
get some Sun yep you can have a blanket
yeah okay you guys this is the life
Annie and I had the same idea
seriously best second day off in a row
second day off get a day off yesterday
remember I have no idea what I'm
building cuz the fund of like hey help
alright you guys we're gonna we're gonna
get settled harder than the chair and
the umbrella and she's just gonna go sit
over there cuz she wants her face in the
shade so good she's brought snacks
grapes and a water brought her phone
Hailey's got the cocoon going on and we
are just gonna sit here and enjoy you
going crazy hi little one hi
I got um I got the little baby dogs
hallo baby dogs I got a little baby dogs
tears pipe stars you smelling me pipe
today
hey go home alright let's go home hey
little one
you guys we sat out there for about an
hour I'd say we ordered some food
her throats not feeling well still and
we are going to now have some lunch
and then later on we're gonna have a
good dinner we think we got some Sun I'm
sure you did
all right my hands are now going to fall
off from carrying all that stuff up here
I can't wait til tomorrow I'm hoping
they're still coming what I want them to
come get them
I hit 74 K on my second account well
Oh No 78 verse 5 it is any luck extra
x-tra I don't mind in my bio my name
ex-truck cuz she's so extra alright my
friends let's eat and let's put Haley
bumper and nap I feel so bad for her
little sweet little sick face and she
doesn't have fever I don't think we
checked this morning oh no no you could
just be warm from you have it usually
nevermind we'll check again in a little
while but I do think you should lay down
for a nap
don't you she sat down the shade outside
and I felt so good you can lay in my bed
are you hungry no Sam actually though
I'm starving the doggies are bad
oh hey doggie guys one grasshop who
wants to go outside oh man oh man we're
gonna go outside all right
hey guys go barking people don't bark
Adam we are going up the steps up these
steps right now to put to put laundry
away all right making people clean is
not abuse getting tickled with my feet
hey I just hit oh geez so we're gonna
have the update and guess what I just
said a hundred foot 129 K that's a lot
ah thank you to each and every one of
you let's go laundry in my stop weird
just grabbing your leg it's my job
you just have a new job it's to annoy
people
no no no no no let's be clear here my
job is to annoy you
that's a typical angle all right you
guys I'm dragging her up the stairs
we're gonna put the whole I can't but I
met hi I'm making you I'm making you
upstairs
we are going to go put that huge basket
Haley's trying to sleep
got you a huge basket of laundry away
hey my stuff okay
we'll check back in with you in a second
what is that
I can't run away
I know hey hey check pay I know this is
how Annie gets out of putting laundry
way too many hangers your guys we got
everything out this is stuff that
staying in that's the stuff that we're
gonna donate zactly thought Haley yes
true and this is the stuff that's going
back in or that we had to find spots for
so this is a part I hate that was the
easy part
deciding what you're keeping and not
about I like I don't but I'm done oh um
anyways so now we could just decide on
how we're gonna organize my closets look
at this this is all black green light
there's some color here yeah I hate this
part
go for it so I was thinking hmm pajamas
are gonna go down there there's some
drawers on the stairs that are gonna be
yours yeah
and Haley is gonna get the other drawers
and the dresser alright we're getting
the bag ready for the I've got a trash
bag to take it to recycling oh I missed
um you got a ball it up okay I'm right
behind you what you too far hold on I
got to open this bag okay I go there we
go
like stuff that I have won this jacket
but I can wear it again soon I never
liked pillows up their skirts and shorts
that I don't wear yet because you know
it's freezing outside and there's like
like performance stuff I think that I
can perform in a bell I don't even know
what that is makeup and like just shoes
that I don't want and then here my shoes
I've got like my boots my purple vans
those bands
yeah just shoes vans vans yeah I've got
a lot of it then just like backpacks
over there and backpacks here and then
yeah that's that's easy look at that and
that's it rooms vacuums
and see you soon we're watching a movie
we're gonna fix some popcorn mommy's
gonna got me in here she's just what
she's just um folding laundry it was
like what is she doing she's born in
laundry we're gonna watch movie and
probably see you during the movie but a
little update we have a hundred and
eighty for teh late well I was like I
just kind of want to do it for fun
because I saw that like Lauren had one
then I was like no that's really cool
and then I was like you know what why
not just try it and I didn't expect it
to like feel like that and now I feel
like hitting a post on it then I was
like oh wait but I do still need to post
my other one something like but like the
good thing about this account is that I
literally can just take a selfie and not
have to like worry about it yeah we
organize my closet but you guys I didn't
know that I'm kind of talking so yeah
see you later
no and there are no stairs
tamadre Halley rescued the camera from
upstairs from the vacuuming anniebanany
is making some popcorn we're halfway
through the movie but I'm ready to go to
bed soon and if I fall asleep here then
I can't transfer the footage on over to
be edited so I gotta send that footage
tonight so let's do a question of the
day do you like butter on your popcorn
they both love it I do not I will I like
it and if I go to a movie theater I do
not add butter and they do melt some
butter and pour it alright my friends we
had great relaxing day like do it on a
glass like one of the breakable glasses
yeah a little butter in there
no she doesn't that is true next time
he'll know all right you think ten
seconds so you get a foot start and
ordered that do that alright guys we
will see you tomorrow
umm it's gonna be a good day see you
soon hey tomorrow we are getting ready
to go home and we're look ya'll we
cleaned Annie's room I got all my
laundry put away so all we have left is
Haley's tomorrow this is amazing and
hopefully she's feeling better tomorrow
right now she's feeling pretty good I'm
hoping like sometimes though you don't
feel good in the morning
and ya feel better throughout the day so
hopefully don't feel bad in the morning
okay so yeah tune in tomorrow we'll see
you then we can you do a transition it's
time for Boyd that's the intro it's I am
a baked potato isn't uh yeah yeah
remember to celebrate
thanks for watching
the tailee
