time for what kami we are getting ready
for the day
good morning everyone it's gonna be a
long day we're all dressed and ready
that's an easy one it's just 40 just 40
why are you filming me lies are you
pretending yes - I asked you what's she
doing back there makeup look so cute
it's like natural yeah it's just so that
we're going to film a video today I want
you to look at something kind of
surprise for you
hold tight yeah surprise ha I know I
don't look very surprised
but wait am I gonna like it
yeah yeah yeah you guys got it change
she's officially any loss annual long
yes dang that exciting Haley do you need
yours changed or do you like yours okay
just for the record these are literally
press on they are not acrylic or
generally 100 look like but they're just
like you know you know what I thought
yeah I know she keeps like touching her
so long sort but she would if they start
getting in the way were popping them off
what you talking I was like so I was
going to do I don't know we can go
alright we are going to eat some lunch
and then we're heading out to a house
that we're filming at
in Long Beach I think what song I've
never been to Long Beach I don't even
know is it a beat just like literally is
there a beach that we can go to yeah
we're going to find out we don't know
what finish more before Oh see like he's
so funny
oh look Hayley you're the only one not
rotten your brain out in your phone
marna Breno Lorena
Sarat Moreno she's not a sausage is what
she doesn't clean and get under this
window we are going to eat them subs
today out in a beautiful beautiful day
he helping it we're filming from 1 to 7
today Anna may be playing laser tag if
we get out early why are you can't
believe you're back it's not doesn't
hurt yeah thank you
right oh they don't hurt you not you
can't feel them kochak mama
dammit we're lazy yeah you can't feel it
I don't like that either I get scared I
scream yeah I'll do it okay then I'll
just go to a escape room an escape room
you been doin we got to take you
yeah that would hate and escape room
would be amazing yeah I get you a happy
girl has no Wonderland 100 a good idea
to do Katie what you gotta do is
register
coloring update say has to be had to be
so like it's in like 30 minutes 30
minutes
no that's considered child abuse well
you don't like me good to the best
economics I own all right so we're here
in the house that we're filming all
right let's go do some sporty things a
soccer ball
good for you outfit every leg - 40
outfits ready break glitter wish nobody
noticed that I have - nothing survived
got your wish
yeah all the wishes let me hold on
please no Ivan is up I need to get by
wishing that no one knows you can tell
that she has to go to the bathroom
the whole film crews back there you get
to go
nobody do anything you ready a call back
into action good weird I can't tell you
there another one I mean oh my gosh
are you warming up Annie this one of the
Talon jokes actually pretty solid
juggler he's not bad he's all right
modest again oh come on Annie you got
this okay oh the South of amazing guys
that we've rented to film my little
sassy written they look like you made it
don't go on the ball no I didn't walk
with my eyes closed yeah no I want it
come on Paige come on Paige Oh
efficiency why are they gonna keep you
now I know you're just going to get her
and then right Haley's primping for the
next scene so not really you just read
that name she's pretending it being a
taught for us come quick all right okay
but so then it'll happen earlier you got
a scratch right here is a stinging so so
we put some powder on it it was like a
little little bloody oh we're going for
the next scene well Annie is
good I would you add thanks Melissa I
love the weight art now it's not like
you could eat it don't eat it
hey just pretending to work over there
he's chillin here I should got
headphones on there's no pretty page
like what he was when one page laughs
she's smart she always a hand here I
know she could Mira we're not going to
have any layers of that are you going to
do yeah I was pretending she's not
really putting it up but she's got a
little setup here her mirror hole her
her pink drink mm-hmm fundamentals visit
in the Cameron why am i showing you yeah
you're not recording on that today
beautiful
but you're about to do natural makeup I
know it's naturally going on it's okay
I'm David you know we want to not look
you know super shiny
punishment by tickle torture remain a
joke a bad joke oh I'm not really using
it will you cry with it yours oh she
just took the bobby pin out of her hair
now your hair to be flat it's got the
side right I'm gonna need you to tie
your shirt up like so guys this is a
competition there's tennis balls
involved minivan
there's soccer balls we're going to be
cartwheeling and relaying one minute on
and this videos gonna be up until I
write Billy July your silhouette I hate
when I don't want to get up and film
from the other guys if I went over there
you'd be fine but I'm not gonna Punk off
so the iolite goes on
all right Jill's ready
it's a little warm out we just hit a
relay race hello we're cooling their
little needle and he thinks it's so cold
and I'm just like I'm hot ja it's like
oh like a cuddle
Oh Hayley loves puddles went to a little
y'all do you remember that video and she
didn't like puddle so much never going
at the park again for watching and tell
them Annie Annie 2007 I would be really
mad because we aren't wrapped yet no you
don't have anything zoo hey guys so in
this challenge we got a little dirty and
oh wait why am I wearing pages pinky
mother
oh geez
she wearing a jack watch your hands on
under so we got a little dirty and she
gave me her pants
real friends give me for this your pants
ah that's a rat long day um stuck in my
hair let's go we are worn out page did
so much today
oh we were tired we are worn out I don't
feel like we have much of a video yet
there's nice still young we invited yeah
give me a drag get paid to the coffee
forget there are some peeps that we're
doing a pizza party up in the room yeah
yeah we're daddy ordered pizza on the
way home
hopefully I'll be
you stole a tennis ball we did pay for
them now I'm going to eat some TV so
much again so what I need nice to be
Goldie's life means you're crazy because
you're tonight where it is you're like
making yourself some Spanish yes how you
saying let us in his famous dream it's
really out hey you're probably right
you're probably right I think we're
officially Italian oh it's gone forever
excusing and your baby so we still have
one more
a lot of people feel really about to say
goodnight because it is time for the
question of the day which is would you
rather um slide what are you or ice or
cold ice no I want the first cold I
really I'm gonna know what I'm gonna
already set it I'm I meet em please
don't forget to comment down below do
you want to know the question of the day
is that have slime poured you poured on
you or a bucket of ice water you bye
guys see you tomorrow
always remember to celebrate life thanks
for watching Rick Haley
