time for my carry good morning everybody
we are up and Adam okay good morning we
are um outside goal list so first day
the building trust don't know what to
expect but it's pretty cold out here
hoping that an old goat farmers
breakfast check braids almost checks and
then we're going to go on the bus and
we're going to go build a house and I
was reading it's for mom and a dad and a
three-year-old Haley I'm going to build
a house for a little family I think it's
a girl
yeah she'll be there my master said it
was more there's two teams there's two
houses so the one you are hearing about
yesterday was another team the team Iran
is for this cute little family a little
three-year-old little girl high age
really
oh I'm asking isn't it like we're
loading out your bill we're in Austin we
can't phone
oh he's using somebody else coming it's
2:00 now you're going away going on
we're going to go they can't really have
everybody's home
oh we just found out Annie's old enough
to get on the roof we're here we've been
told not to push the dog so let's go
take everything out of us to not oh my
god I can you know how to touch you I'm
sorry okay we're here she could walk
this is the location we are building at
you guys so the concrete slabs already
poured all the supplies are out here
so we already have to work and warm up
look at this
what are you gonna be paint yeah let me
the paint or the official painter maybe
a house here this is your house here
tomorrow here you guys give you our best
friend buddy little bit are you gonna
make me it was like alright we all here
good morning good morning or we do it
everybody ready to good idea awesome
well like I said this morning my name is
Scott I'll be your your lead Foreman or
you're a builder on the side and Luis
here he's our secondary form in our be
building he looks tough with you the
coffee so Ali's Josh Bazar translator so
Ali will be helping us connect that
gives our host and my favorite cousin
something we're cousins autism and sort
of an
so on the 4th of your time ago and we're
here to help you guys build this home so
Nikki good is considered like us this is
this is your experience we want to do it
with you beside you we don't want to
take away work for me so Lewis video
ends and okay Emily Dennis to know
vessel so bogus
ask your stuff we'll show you how to do
it will be a lot of fun seriously
nothing is missing with this for the
sake of all I said oh no you have Emily
refuted now before we introduce
ourselves I'd love to get to know this
beautiful family we're going to build
for this is committed I am some sales
guy me so if you could introduce
yourself
okay um opal right on yeah we're gonna
follow me choke on human are looking
from michoac√°n Mexico sorry
before time you can describe and I got
it Lord of a thank you from Michoacan as
well we come at the mmm it was before oh
okay I see it is the first protection
over the vapor
I can't do enough for insecure Lord
Jesus we thank you for this opportunity
okay I'm good I just what is it open to
the end we thank you for the beautiful
day
Pamela's good ideas what is it is an
animal so uh where this team in this
family can join together to build a home
so there's a community keep up with when
you put a computer in the gutter we
offer to your strength today physically
move forward for success be really we
ask for your safety over all of us and
everything we're doing or down the
port's in cigarettes event so look at
some of your noise and that we can build
relationships and love and all there we
go people and little construed and I'm
excited yeah mornings are looking
sometimes we give it all in your hands
if I'm excited
but I only have two rules that I need us
to follow so you think I'm not myself
Regulus ARP Odyssey here's number one
first and foremost numero uno safety
first
hey woody nod three meadow safety is no
accident
I think woody not do it I like the
fixation starts with the individual
military duty and I think we got MPs
backbone and individual so if I'm being
safe gonna be yours
it's the end of thing I'm keeping my
friends next to me sick way Montaner me
Camilla me Mallos cigarettes and I need
us all to keep that in mind throughout
the today in the pharmacy Thomas keeping
it with this amendment I wish my job
okay
and then finally right here I have our
beautiful birthday cake I'm gonna put it
over by the bathroom that much to get
caught up in your I go straight answer
is everything okay
when we put the walnut sideways and
crooked the paint makes it look prettier
so who are my pain is let's see yeah
let's go come on Paige okay and then
finally what's our team name I like
something to yell depart for their
animal Tana got a name team lovely
hey Leslie okay so on the count of three
we're going to yell and keep the team as
a keep Oh
Leslie okay try it people wanted a dress
Poona
go straight and keep
it's crazy for their been living here's
your living room you guys look at the
water there's their kitchen bedroom
we're going to make it all that are just
their bathrooms okay
oh look and there's no and we're going
to make it all better
this is going to be a house no she said
there's a spider she warned me there's a
fighter present no there's where they
cook their lady laundry ha
and there's a toy her toys deathly toys
and we're gonna make this Oh what
shelter on the roof Paige made a new
friend
are you happy hi say happy page I don't
know I don't know no birthday Leigh she
might not have a happy excited monkey Oh
nada
yeah here the ones I can train your
little boys bathroom I heard Bano
so I got her mommy we live in there
maybe yeah say somewhere good there goes
about something I think so and there's
might be there don't we're not maybe the
translator
also bring it oh she named um Oh
pregnant also granules in Ordnung
nothing
especially Lavinia no Charlie named dog
awesome also also also bring in mania
mm-hmm III no one come after this game
Lena Headey wait is it on apparel right
I don't care what I think
Arnold good thing creating it okay the
next rain wait I want glass me I know
that one agua okay and promise anything
oh come on to do safe everything on the
headings on the head and no no no this
is hair what's a good day
Oh hair okay CeCe
Kumasi deepness I'm honest okay
corners to know what does that means I
mean how old are you i watch all right
bacha hmm alright we're going to be the
painters okay so I'm singing yes name
for you we're gonna figure it out
photo okay y'all get my urn right take
it easy
there a hair is perfect of course on uh
God is called notes got a talk and I
thought the last what is particular the
Chelsea she can see Cola there's no cute
today I'm so excited
okay smile yeah
where's Melissa
no I'm not helping at all well they're
gonna survive out all right we're
looking at the colors of her house you
can see the colors are perhaps for the
first time I know I'll be may want to
confirm Rita hopeful are you asking her
favorite color okay Kappa Sigma's and
Azul Azul what a little hey Leslie blue
I know they're all right came asking
numbers like you go okay okay single
staff and a decision thank you
there is green green yes we will need
green and blue Internet green side look
and it's very like you're stirring like
cake batter it'll be worth it oh and
also loose insects really
okay Florida so you're right water
careful don't answer a lot of it so we
actually mix on the bottom
keep mixing existing pieces into the box
let's get painting
you
it is okay if you have the lines okay
the whole thing is going to be painted
so it's a job right now just opinion in
these and then we'll roll it got the
idea hey okay
hey girls I'm fine
what are you doing here messing up the
outfit you look awfully manly over here
cutting boards all different lengths and
number blasto bill tees with a hammer it
was a blue-collar work mill yep yeah
I'm not I'm not doing too good at things
but I can hammer a nail into a board
anything apparently Pat we didn't know
but we brought a supervisor with us
apparently Paige is supervising oh wait
we're not finger-painting yes jess is
doing it wrong so yes I'm fine
you
no you're not getting down mama
here's the update I am covered and paint
where your paint man
no I go Haley cleaners auntie's are a
mess we're waiting for the frame to go
up gonna be the most exciting part but
we've gotten like that painted so that
painted green I mean we're just yeah
it's kind of scary down there waiting
for this to go up to Manley stuff over
here this is a manly though he's
pretending right yeah you're right here
now you guys ready let the love up yeah
this is the part where I need everybody
to pay attention and be very careful
because someone can really hurt really
gonna nail them in with a ram shotgun
just always make sure to you guys will
hold in the Waltons obviously they're
not going to stand there by themselves
yeah well you better get ready over here
you're lower than I need you than you
put challenge Bobby I saw the Senate
crews know an example he showed us a
demonstration not again walk up here so
helpful it on the count of three all the
way up and all the way up about three to
four chains one two three all the way
yeah buta three people hold it come on
go do the other one that's awesome
wait I did the other one all right I got
two or three people so if you want to go
move the wall okay but don't everybody
walk away hey and then some nuts stay in
your eye Vani I was lunch cool you guys
just stand here we'll go eat lunch
what sanding and also for a wall we get
it in like three yeah last well of
course I mean there was no paint
yeah what I called up okay that careful
look if this is a good interview like
Washington stitches there to inform on
drackett suits Casillas I did
this is wetter really nice today like
it's not too hot pull overcast but
likely I don't know if I got the big
power tool or I do enjoy so much
okay I'm really holding this up right
now
Danny come this way out of yeah okay
yeah
Oh
safety guy busted wooden model of thank
you so what are you doing Chairman's
Australian oh oh you know a little
fingerprint Billy has successfully
ordered four cooks so you know in point
angle but they're seen as a car which
means no sugar therefore Diet Coke
you know that only bag hold on the
entire I think it seems really how much
how much is all the stuff on the table
right there yep they're 5 bucks 5 bucks
in the USOC
high roller bell yeah thank you Mike
they're still how much need is tipping
all my three hundred percentage we
seriously just bought four coasters in
the u.s. exactly three dollars each so
visually is paper-thin the u.s. invaded
here but think about is which that's
gonna buy it that's the minimum wage
here is three dollars a day really just
paid a whole week's worth of salary to
that guy that's big seriously it's crazy
how thing like that to us would make
sauce today yeah okay we're drywalling
so this is where the wall okay
you
me
do you think about it in here it's
really starting to come together you
want to go on the roof
look you guys to room so there's it this
room a room over here and then the big
room of the bed yeah three room it was
so cool is it is it crazy that this was
a concrete slab and a bunch of boards
like in piles and piles and now it's a
house made what day one look at that
they won tomorrow shingles are go on
paint gets been a suicide I mean I think
we go shopping the family which is going
to be super exciting this is what
happens after you build a house for
eight hours but before you go to dinner
we've showered we any kind of and I
didn't have much hot water left when she
went in so Hayley's probably good take
the longest
so Andy cash our with I stepped in I
like tire wash my hands and all right
hand on social she can take a shower
after you know we're getting ready to go
to authentic Mexican what did everybody
going to order I'm going for quesadillas
food all of the attorney Pierre have I
get Thai seriously the last three times
I've ordered quesadillas because that's
like my go-to when having air that you
weren't kind of they are overcooked and
oh so depressing but this is authentic
so I'm gonna like I don't know what I'm
going to go for so that's what we're
about to go like soon daddy still
editing he got up early this morning to
edit didn't have time to finish she got
paint on the side of your ear he's just
finishing up I'm guessing none of us are
gonna be able to walk tomorrow but um
now we've gotta upload so let's see how
this internet is these people
who taught me how to play soccer
yesterday so now I'm sore
oh yeah so we're going to see how the
Internet is here it's fine for us just
on our phones as you can see we've got
good internet but I don't know what's
going to happen we try to upload
Wow
you
like freaking out how long a nice hybrid
is just ran out just now
hey question of the day or while we go
back to our room anybody got one she's
still saying what standard not any
Australian Oh
favorite country that you visit no
you've never been there and I'm not a
country I did that last time we talked
about the white Hawaii is not different
I be different than the one you live in
oh my god Norway Australia Australia
laughter this is going to be so long we
had such a great day what a great
experience the journey continues
tomorrow thank you
no not again guys we'll see you tomorrow
tomorrow we complete the house and I've
been told we go shopping this is
exciting pay attention we hope we go
shopping for the family and we're going
to buy them all kinds of things that
they need and maybe some things about me
good I know you can bitches better stuff
do I did it guys
all right guys um see you tomorrow
thanks for watching every night you guys
is it alright guys see you tomorrow
always remember to celebrate life
 based on Anchor Bay thanks for
watching Rick Haley
