Haley is eating just got up and he's
been up for a while she's taking a
shower and look guys they're intimately
if you don't know we actually rent our
furniture in this apartment so we're
getting new furniture so it's all over
there for them to come get so we can get
the new stuff and then same in here no
beds no beds there's stuff like that are
they good
is that lucious you ready for school I
had two yeses I could get one more it's
lunch time but Annie's making herself I
don't know why she's rolling lemon but
lemon water why are you rolling the
lemon really where'd you see that
okay so we're fixing lunch daddy-o is
going to catch his flight back home he's
going to pick up the doggies and then
we'll be home in a few days but right
now we're taking a little break from
school to watch the newest episode but
episode is this for episode 4 I believe
season 2 episode 4 of chicken girls so
for you guys right after there you're
done watching this vlog you can go click
the link or go to the bra channel or
whatever it is however you get there her
face with a knife go watch this newest
episode we haven't watched it yet but I
know what's in it tell that you buy the
good things about this episode is I know
what I've bought watching it there's a
brand new anni song in it yeah Oh
somebody's heart it's premiering so
we're gonna watch that
and when en GG all right freshly
squeezed lemon water and where's my
phone cuz we're playing it off my phone
it's not out yet we're gonna watch it
yes like after this video
don't go clicking on it now well I mean
depends on when you're watching this
video yeah because if you're watching it
when it first comes out it's not yeah
unless they put it out early they like
to do that sometimes
they want to enjoy it
yay but y'all think was it the best
episode yet I think they all I think
they're getting better and better that's
good
better longer and longer and more good
is that we are English that you just
used yeah that one was good Haley's in
it Annie's in it like we said a nice new
song isn't it and the video is coming
out sooner than you guys think what is
it I think they're shooting for really
really really soon after you guys are
watching this episode of chicken girls
we saw it yesterday hey we might do a
reaction video and you guys are gonna
get back to school because we are going
to Dylan's Dylan's Oscars party I think
I'm allowed to say this we should double
check before I say it
but Dylan's got a commercial actually
it's like a short I think I can say I
think it's been announced and by the
time this you see this and everybody
will be and what is it but she was um
she's in like during the Oscars there's
gonna be this short film played like
it's literally a 60 second short film
and Dylan's in it so we're doing an
Oscars is she singing she's it's being
played during the Oscars so we're have
Dylan's having a the Oscars are like
awards for people in movies it's also
called an Academy Award I believe why I
don't know they have different names for
 we're gonna walk to that part yeah
we're gonna watch the Oscars I'm sure
the kids aren't gonna watch all of the
Oscars why is there a lemon oh my gosh
were you not here when all right so
we've got some school to do and some
getting ready to do and I'm not filming
anything cuz my children are all spread
out everywhere
you're not done because you have we
haven't done school the last couple days
so we're doing more than one day today
did you get I ran to the store earlier
because I had to get a bigger blanket
and a bigger pillow for our new bed
along her grades day Manny's got like
A's and B's but she seems like we think
that what's taking so long as she's been
taking like more than too much note too
many notes so we've like she's trying to
not take as many notes because it's
taking so long
but she might need to make those notes
if she's gonna keep making the good
grades so we're gonna try a different
like just slowing down or speeding you
got all you pluses all right so soon
enough because the beds are gonna be
here and we're gonna be getting ready
for the day so we'll check back in with
you in a little bit I've cleaned up this
morning black jeans and a bodysuit
that's also black okay black but watch
yourselves fine hey Annie can tune it
for you later but right now right now we
are going back to school we'll check
back in I've got to get them back on
track what's up everyone I'm doing my
makeup I'm like half done maybe more
than half so today we're going to a
party I don't know what to call it like
something that it's just something that
we're going to and I'm wearing it this
top with some leggings that I've got a
LAN troll because they're dirty not
dirty but like all this makeup stuff's
getting on him look help you this is I
don't even know why I got it it was just
like sitting over there don't mind that
let's stuff I'm gonna put away okay so
yeah I don't know where I got that but
I'd used those today and I gotta curl my
eyelashes which is
no I really found my I'm filming well so
yeah you did you tada
so yeah I took me for Wow it took me
like forever to fill this outfit okay so
yeah that's it I've got this little like
thing right here not want to go back um
yeah it's pretty much all got my little
makeup stash right here just in front of
my mirror
it looks so messy in pictures but it's
okay cuz that's where this is where I do
my makeup right here every day not every
day but I do so yeah that's pretty much
it don't mind my a messy room let's just
blankets and peddlers but you guys the
stuff is heat what are you doing these
are mattresses look did you see this can
we can show this one they're not working
in here this one's almost done ah the
king this bed is pretty big but I'm
excited look like a king it looks small
right now but maybe way to go girls now
they're gonna come in here and be like
maybe maybe once the mattress gets on
the girls are now true Californians they
ordered their own what's going on here
that wooden post mates like I went down
with them I did not let them meet did
not let them meet the stranger by
themselves but the other day that all
three girls were here they ordered
postmates so I know it's not just a
California thing but we don't have post
mates where we live not big enough
anyways that's your update we're gonna
be leaving soon as soon as this is set
up we are out of here and on our way to
the awesome sorority
actually I'm just excited because they
get to go go somewhere that's not like
on set this has been a good day off yes
with all our friends but not having to
work and we're ready to walk out the
door - I gotta clean my walls that's all
I say the sad thing is I think we
ordered a full full in the store but
they brought on the paperwork it said
twin full so at the store they put it in
wrong I wanted both sub beds to be the
same size what is it Annie
oh it's like not connected down there
- where's gonna flow down there I wonder
like why it couldn't be just pushed back
maybe because maybe I'll try to push it
back later
how are the mattresses we tested the
mattresses and these are the mattresses
they picked like pushing back I feel
like it could go back but I'll do it
well they're white shoes what do you
expect oh yes this is alright if you
guys didn't know we Annie's back was
starting to hurt on the pull-out couch
up there it's very comfortable for a
night or two yeah you might not want to
pull too hard on these they could but
anyway so Annie's all Annie stuff is
still gonna stay upstairs it's still her
space but she's gonna sleep down here
she can get on it this is why I did once
I was sharing your room
which from the bottom no that's not what
I was laughing at I was laughing at you
trying to push that we can also look
online maybe it is supposed to be right
there all right we gotta go because
we've got to go pick up a fruit platter
and the Oscar start in an hour and we
could have gone earlier but we were
waiting on this oh but I think it's
gonna be so worth it we're on our way
now but we got a one stop at the store
let's head out right they wish for
beauty around every corner magical
moments that make you happy by the
memories to last a lifetime or and have
happy birthday inside or happy birthday
on the cover and it says wishing you
dreams in your heart love in the world
we're trying a beautiful year you
deserve a job either look me Monday I
like this one okay we're getting the
fruit and we're off
no ready got it we're at Dylan's house
and they're not supposed to be here and
we didn't want to turn him off so we
kind of just got someone we might've
told someone to turn the Xbox off using
that clothes to be on them
they're playing a cookie um yeah getting
cookies they're playing games we're
eating cookies
we're pre signing before we leave we're
trying to get some of these pre signs
are you guys coming to the show have you
ever gotten your tickets now would be a
good time
I almost said Dallas Texas but it's not
this DC oh yeah I don't want him to get
smudged Eva oh my gosh you got it what
were y'all doing heinously yeah we were
hiding by the mouth so scary out there
in the dark we got the whole gang here
oh yeah Brooke is gonna sign at home she
had left already this is great this is
perfect you guys we're trying to make
the line go a little faster so they
don't have to stand there as long and
you guys don't have to stand in line as
long we're trying to try it this wedding
I like this I think it's working well
state I took me a second to figure out
what what it was
are those Girl Scout cookies are they
Thin Mints no thanks what is your kind
that's gonna be my question of the day
what's your favorite Girl Scout cookies
mine's of peanut butter patty one
the London Fog you do the limbo I know
you talk yeah
Hayden what your favorite Girl Scouts Oh
Jamie find the net what'd he say what's
a Girl Scout goody
Bailey favor girls yeah does sound good
good job guys way to work together okay
get a drink I think we're leaving and he
can shake y'all it was that a Chan cake
handshake sounds interesting
there's a cooler home sweet home it's
time to get the bed's ready sheets on
the bed you ready to get all cuddly in
that bed okay let's do it in by blanket
because we have so many I'm gonna wait
till we decide what kind of comforters
we want all right guys we'll be back all
right you guys do we love it are we
comfy and he's already in pajamas and we
already asked a question of the day and
it was what's your favorite Girl Scout
cookie so new pillow
comment down below which kind of Girl
Scout cookie is your favorite and you
guys are those the weed in your little
beds good night in
okay all snug all snug as a bug in a rug
same thing okay I'm going to now do mine
I'm ready to get in bed hey laughs you
guys in the morning
laughs yo oh it's so cute number to
celebrate
thanks for watching
Britt tailee
