time for my last day of school cinnamon
rolls special breakfast how do you feel
I'm going to finish out the school year
strong full of energy or you're just
going to be so tired it is her last day
of school and they're having a little
party today they're going to celebrate
we're celebrating early with cinnamon
rolls your door your uniform no what are
you wearing yeah but just I'm gonna have
to his school
the shipping crazy hair day how did you
already have that it's your last day so
you could just sleep in for the rest of
the summer huh pretty much we already
have a plan for the hair we're going to
do these cool Briggs must start them now
cuz they might take a while and then
I'll head to school guess what
surprise I'm bringing you all by my
stone you think we'll make it there no
they go get lost
what a nice music video has 7 million
won seven overnight oh it's good what's
up the you know it virginal well that's
a good day already
cinnamon rolls for breakfast 7 million
views pages driving you don't put it on
you guys I feel like this is the best
breakfast I've ever made I think man
she's have asleep on the couch
Annie smell it I don't think the egg is
cooked all the way so he gets runny just
like daddy makes it for you I think I've
mastered this breakfast there she is
Scott Jim today so I just got her out of
the bed and fixed her some yummy
breakfast and that's what's going on
tomorrow we go to Mexico now we see
Paige and daddy and Haley tomorrow like
24 hours from now are you excited you've
been so patient we just pulled in to the
gym and my hair is hard hard no feel it
crispy
I guess oh my just punches me a ring let
me get the party fun
he's your hair need to be washed that's
true that's what I'm what is this bruise
hold on
doesn't look at that on camera but it's
real it took a bump fallin why you tell
the people what you did well I was
coming in to the living stone stage I
like chill on my phone on the couch then
I liked turning and turning Melanie but
I was like fast rocky and then I went to
like jump on the couch
I hit money and so on the corner of the
coffee coffee - they made the loudest I
thought with her foot like oh that
sounds like it's not with our - I think
would have broken it she hit it hard and
it immediately bruised up it
we really had a bump on it oh yeah oh I
feel so good no it does not seem how you
gonna straighten your legs today oh
you're gonna sound like such a weenie
look anybody is great oh man I forgot my
tripod I use a tripod laughs I'm going
to work out so well I'm such a newbie at
the tripod game tease jeez
but let's show what we bought Rebecca
brought Rebecca in that target bag was
realistic
you don't even know we're in our thumb
yo Brett daily Leo's so this is the old
one or the second one this is the new
one you guys and I don't know if when
it's going to be yeah well you've worn
it before they seen I don't know when
it's going to be for sale we're working
on getting it up on a store we'll let
you know but this is like truly builder
of the pants and a short like you're
wearing the shorts to today so she'll be
excited she wanted some for daily Leo's
here you go is what I would pregnant Oh
your dad told me about it's not from
Target right not from time yeah okay
wait what is this one so we get hard yet
though there's two Leo's in there pair
pants and a pair of shorts oh yeah
because I need shorts oh you're oh yeah
whoa can I like open open totally
they're yours oh my gosh
thank you oh my god she told me and I
was like in Tilikum you all won't even
believe it okay I'm wearing this like
Shh
maybe at some point today yeah I think
Andy's wearing the new one today and
this is the second one oh I love the
coral I mean I love both they're so fun
maybe let me see it again
oh you won you designed that yeah
Pepa be on it yeah yeah
TK help yeah you're welcome
I love it all right yes we're gonna be
joined
yeah you're doing it I know because I do
I know what it's like the condition by
yourself staring at you while your
lawyer - sitting there yeah fun cricket
so sweet you made it through it are you
warmed up yeah are you done and now you
the breakfast
well stretch and although I'm gonna take
a jump rope like a good one that you can
jump rope and take it anywhere
yeah we have one at home but we I guess
we need what we usually use a travel
with it catch high and home home
postmates yes yeah because I want to
show I learn about postmates so now I'm
all like postmates I haven't used it yet
still but I like to say it jump rope so
I'm teaching it like what you can't take
this I'm going to go on the target
website and I'm doing a picture like
this is a little rope one heart yeah
what I'm saying is you have one at the
gym at your gym at home yeah and we used
to travel with it and then I just kind
of forgot it's nice for cardio when
you're like in and you can do it
anywhere almost yeah yeah yeah privately
my mom never let me go anywhere and so
it was like he wasn't be right so you
can just hear your jump rope yep that
makes sense tips for you gymnast out
there get yourself a good jump rope
that's fun oh yeah I will take a game
out of a schedule that half-second the
floor is lava or whatever as long as our
going to make some of those later
your negotiation
Oh Andy that bruising looking really
gnarly that's not so bad
it looked worse easy doing better it was
just like oh there that's the other one
you just can't get enough
that's hurting what's hurting what's
hurting panicking she's panicking
Goodbar work out it's been a while since
you been in the gym like I feel like
it's been over a week you're busy
filming some stuff feel good just being
left slip it on a beam a long time I
heard that can springs are gonna happen
do you feel like you can do a back
handspring gonna be I feel like you can
oh what's good though yeah you know I
was like I guess you should do some beam
while I'm going to Koecher sure onz
going to get a picture that's really
cute
I know I want to do like a boomerang or
something Oh Toni ko wanted to wear his
me show you want to wear this after me
is all right now he's like it's good
though they're so cool a knee that's
what we're going for
yeah no that's just some workout leo
oh gosh Matt you know the speeds the
computer we're schooling and really
thankful for that I'm short soon yeah
good good and his pants in there too but
as awesome you guys are so twinning
right now I love it
and he's like I'll like it after the
workout stuff yeah I'll enjoy it
you're welcome
I know it's got beef Rebecca as crazy
old letter
it worked out really good yeah yeah Wow
I wonder I want to see what all the
other letters meet no nothing's as cool
as the B everybody just by the be
beautiful leotard line - I know and that
crazy I mean we were thinking about you
and we designed it
how much more how many more can she do
at the end of a workout she's hanging
tough
I should think of it not bad they're
saying yeah we're missing logically
so I just got done school and it was the
last day I was it pretty good so okay
you came back with like a ton of stuff
that's the stuff that was in my locker
I guess and then the pillow we cuddle
off with their pillows I have a blanket
in my bag - are we had an ice cream
party what else we watched a movie
called an epic those are actually close
an aerosol Mon it was a because we
already packed your bags so we can do
anything all right
you got yours I got mine you got s'mores
is that what you're not I've never
stolen let me smell great smell
oh you're just good yeah let's talk has
little crunchy stuff like a cracker all
right so we're celebrating it is
Starbucks date day because this little
one just finished school for the gears
and you're at weight that was second
grade huh
so you can just check second grade all
fearless guess what I am not wearing
makeup and this four-day point I think
that's record time all right
make sure to look out for me I know we
did we did take pictures I'm kind of
loving it I think I'm going to be sad
whenever we have to what I put makeup on
again not that I have to be right over
but
goodnight hey I believe age and I'm
Miranda sings in heart and I just don't
report went Wow I can't do it now take
those socks off yeah no it's more it's
warm it's warm like really warm if you
like I'm hunch of water it feels like
hot dog water Hey all right over here
yes whoa that was crazy
you're fast no it's not yes it was whoa
be careful we came back after Jim and he
showered and we packed for Mexico all
the stuff is going to stay in this
apartment until we get back and then
we're going to go into a hotel since
everybody Paige and Daddy and Hailey
will be with us there's not enough room
in here so that's the plan but right now
we're going to load listen to this well
while she shows you how professional she
is and even though the silhouette Oh her
equipment you guys so we decided we're
going to San Diego tonight yeah
because we have to meet them pretty
early in the morning well we have to
leave here to drive to San Diego so
we're going to go hang with Jayden for a
couple hours taking that stuff with us
and leaving in the car and then Annie
and I are taking a road trip about two
and a half hours I think of the drive
I'll be like no like you're going to be
talking to your mother to keep her awake
musically you can do some musical
everything's please all right let's head
out because we are probably going to be
late we could go live for a few everyone
okay they might do that
of course we stopped right after they
tackle each other with hugs and go
straight to the fidgets spinners corners
oh yeah
so they're trying some out before they
decide we'll show you what they end up
with in a little bit but that's the
update for us oh there it is so cool oh
right if you hear the good kind of right
kind of irks me this was sent across pop
Oh totally oh wow better than I thought
it was going to be great oh yeah here
you keep looking water socks with the
parties a little bit of all
yeah
oh that feels really good look at that
awesome song what is that gin zone you
guys just like awesome coming right
there as long as you want it's up to you
sister
that's so cool you don't know what
that's good no it's a massage so you
know you're feeling the restore and the
Jets are people are that they massage
you is so
Wow okay one they have I think we're all
he's going to get in these beds and get
this done we're going to do one of these
and one of those lucky guys this is like
waterproof and your glasses because I'm
so excited
hold sit down gonna stop stop in one
place when yellow cool
three ball
dated
you're nervous he's in high school
George
Wow
see you later
all right we are so rejuvenated from the
massage and now we're going to get some
oxygen oh yeah we got to decide what
oh there's different kind guys seriously
what time did we get chillin did you
like them with us
oh she's done you'd like to sit back and
relax
how do you guys feel so smooth Annie you
have to walk my own leg I'm so relaxed
although I think it looks like a me and
Haley day because we are going out again
to Chipotle nobody get order what do you
normally get me
a bowl Daymond has been put in charge of
doing an affair
I just want lights about my friend all
the pictures and the boom ring right now
we're in there no dinner okay I condemn
so complete one time we were at
breakfast I said whatever it was
directed in ER I'm really tired okay so
uh you're going to go get in the bus on
the bond in the bus we're going to get
sacked and then me and my Madre going to
drive two and a half hours down to who
knows where I'm just going to go to bed
but I said so
right hey any data before Volvo it's all
worth it right what a beautiful night
Wow not to us
no it's perfect it kicked out of City
Walk
and lost as a way to pay attention to
your friends support Lana
so the days over we're about the head to
San Diego I'm an elevator the floor of
lava we're gonna go up and then down
what we let the water for more we're
gonna go out back down we were doing the
floors love it and we missed our for yes
that's how we roll
you don't know when we're gonna say
Oh goodbyes my battery's dying all right
so we have two special guests that just
came and we're about to go see who it is
let's see like a year since I've seen
you well it's better you're seducing
Emily ten five months what I have to
hide worn makeup is like four days and
it's been so nice if I was in you know
he would yeah okay Kayla
I literally have been all about I've
been like homebound really four days
before was nobody home before us no
makeup say like they're like can I help
you can I help you like I don't know
what I'm doing I'm like I got this all a
group are you a leader or a follower
I say you're a controller I'll leave
everything I'll leave everything you
need
and in a group really rare but by I mean
many ha ha ha
where's our room we had a good 2 hour
drive made good time we're here for the
night excited I see daddy Paige and
Haley tomorrow before we know it
my battery is blinking so as we come in
tour this hotel as tradition daddy said
the question today is are you a leader
or a follower in a group situation I'm a
follower
unless it's our family that I'm the
leader I'm not following you should
never follow me I was falling into it
music Liam snapped can you hold us all I
go in how did we get this time I will
lead you in the wrong direction I got it
before and I heard we've got a great
view homie some arena of you I've never
been to San Diego I wish we could be
here longer to actually scope it out but
so tomorrow maybe we should see what's
going on out there we have a pool of you
I don't I don't see a cricket fidgets
spinner I'm like I kind of didn't know
you guys and see that oh we can well
let's go see what happens before the
camera dies sky to the camera dies I
love you guys see you tomorrow
wow this is like legal room I mean
window yeah it is water out there
I thought this is beautiful oh there's
the boat right here the waters right
there and see that I was looking out
there what all right my friends the
hotel room tour is pretty much right
here that's it that's it okay camera
just died on me but I've got a little
bit more juice and here's the bathroom
okay right are you wearing all oh my
gosh you must always remember to
celebrate life
thanks for watching
Brit Haley
