time for my carry oh my gosh good
morning
oh I said good morning oh well I don't
know how to not talk I get a little
better so today I am doing school again
sorry today I'm going to do school again
for like twenty five hours and then
you're going to target to get stuff Oh
guys I'm frosting this very slowly
that's why I'm stopping all right and at
Target we're going to get stuff for
Mexico like um new shoes but ones that
we don't care if they get dirty we are
going to Mexico to build a house or get
less fortunate
Oh Shaun animal and age okay but we'll
explain more guys and we get there
because there's a great foundation that
were three brothers apart of yeah that's
gonna kind of reward
but anyways so um right now we're going
to target and yeah I didn't like a bunch
of school we're putting your eyes at me
so why would I gain ten all right
anyways I just thought about like Paige
and Emily
okay there's a right this time I know we
always feel like we're going left out of
here and it's not easy I was just
listening to a song in the process was
being written or an e we really liked it
I always do it again
we gave them some things that we like
what kind of like you know had some
messages that you want to enter under
they kind of put it together do you like
it
I'm okay today we listen one hey keep
y'all the songs really cute like really
cute it's not if not by any means done
and it's not like it's going to be
recorded in the next like probably even
month or so no no no we can't do that
because you know technically your song
yet but it is being written especially
for you with the message you want to be
sent okay so we're here it was really
good though but anyway stay tuned we're
here to get some stuff what do we need
are you a kitty nut with a collar do
reading lyrics still what are you
reading
oh that video comes out today to do know
that I watched it this morning while
you're doing school is it out is a video
out now because we should mention her
back with her like it's one person sorry
guys who are definitely two different
people
alright guys we're going to get our
shopping on it's Stephanie doggy
that's all in Annie's Instagram feed is
about and then she the border that she
wasn't following me around with us a
ball like she's like a lost puppy talk
Dillon has her basketball skills through
the legs
Eddie think that tricks so cool she's
like a little five-year-old today like
I've got a five hey let me see it did
that on purpose
so pretty color Annie we can get
matching pajamas come on we just said we
needed pajamas would you match with me
no that wouldn't be nice come help me it
will lose the consigns member haylie I
don't feel like you're drilling that
have to find Haley five - like we need
pajamas cuz I'm out of pajamas
I packed you like shorts and t-shirt
we're going to get a few more shorts and
t-shirt but I thought it'd be cute to
match but I have to find Haley sighs I'm
a little worried about that
mmm so cute that's not some thanks
nothing I don't know if you could fall
off bangs because your hair is like cut
the calories I think oh you cried you
couldn't do straight down things like
that don't have oh if you worry about
some of them weed you got a little
something on your lip
I don't think this is gross as I do
because this grosses me out
why so good you neutrons Annie get off
your lip oh so he makes marshmallow
taffy Annie your lips oh hi guys I'm so
weird yeah it's just mashed up
marshmallow take some skill right there
okay yeah so we're done
we got everything we'll need packing is
going to be easy we're going to throw
all that stuff in a bag Conway you're
ready to get dirty you still need to get
some shoes for Annie but the ones we
have at the apartment may work mama tick
species well here's the problem your
shoes are like coral and if you don't
they might not match everything I know I
don't want wasn't going to matter
because we're building a house but still
I would rather get you a pair of like
cheap black shoes all right let's get
out of here
on you again is left yes I don't know
why I'm asking isn't it because I can
see your face
no I always say yeah I guess that's what
I was trying to get you to save through
mind-reading gotcha
okay you're not reading my mind hey guys
so right now we are going to a baseball
game and it's a DS first baseball game
ad yes reversal play just over
teleportal slide on behind the desk
we are going to be convenient storage to
get some fresh air
and well today it's a nice day out a
little breezy Annie was smart but a
sweatshirt on
wait I can't look at us like that I
always think that work not only hard
know the convenience store at sighs Jake
is neat like you don't even have to go
that's why I remember Hayden do that the
very first time when we not started
staying here he's like your breath go
anywhere can soar has everything you
could ever one guy nice to get out left
out and he was laying on the couch like
literally - out - lambs catch I was
sitting there having a meeting her lays
there
yeah see how long that exciting a while
baby like I'm tired I'm hungry I want to
drink I want ice cream is expensive trip
you've ever taken
yeah mm why I think this is like this
shortest also that it looks this is the
shortest garage so sorry really
oh she's going to touch you guys like
Ziggy's no I hate to break it to you but
it looks like it's very low clearance in
here I was a bun so we get that up who's
one
I'll give you a hint
not this cool person I'm pretty sure I'm
not going to be invited back again every
time I come over every time I come
entire day too bad you're going straight
to the end of the game I'm left one
Wireless
tomorrow how long is one morning
giggling so does one morning the law
for now
you saw something in this game you
rarely see this offensive interference
that's a rare problem
so you better recognize did you take a
picture you can say thank you so much
for watching
that's what you say to people you can
thank you very much for walking
going down
who don't know these people these give
what these people are sitting behind is
a real nervous daddy we picked up snacks
and he's idea of a snack of cream cheese
and Ritz crackers and we're watching I'm
not going to tell you wait you can
probably see that up there yeah I know
what movie this up it's an old one but a
good one Annie's never seen it and I
remember this I haven't seen it in
forever so it's almost like we're
watching it for the first time together
but it's called my girls it's gonna be
kind of like a dog's purpose it's gonna
make her dress you wore your jelly one
and then you just told them I want to
see if they could guess it before that
anyways um she's like just like a dog's
purpose she's probably going to cry at
this one too I don't know why we want to
watch sappy movies but it's kind of fun
it's like a little girl time
so that's what we're doing right now
we're ruining our dinner we couldn't
decide if we wanted to go out to eat or
just eat here so I think we're gonna
have a city walk and then we were like
movie yeah so we decided to just eat
snacks and then we'll have a late dinner
or something
mm-hmm after we dry all together all
night no you have gym tomorrow mm-hmm a
good thought how about no because then I
have to drive we're going driving to San
Diego on Friday to meet daddy Paige and
Haley at the airport before we fly the
Mexico but so I don't think I just hate
apologises you good
have you ever done that before stayed up
all night and then all the next day what
would you do while I'm sleeping my stone
and then they'll night put my own water
laughs if you do it you got a filmer
boat I get a wake you've got a very
negative AIDS if I you can prove you say
to wake all night how are you going to
prove that I'll throw myself a whole lot
he goes out of the camera that'll be
funny and then cut out the parts I fell
asleep right exactly I'll edit it all
right back to the movie we're literally
just started about 10 minutes
and it's how long the movie an hour and
a half long so we'll see you then
yeah you it's going to be like seconds
for us is going to be like the NASA it
might not be the next clip cause it
could be Hayley Paige and daddy and an
extra Mary but my time easiest where me
done go call it horrible try that again
you're missed
nice and easy is huh gonna be like I
don't know yet but
I'll be no holding my head up hello let
me go figure and headed or head up as
you can see the TV so actually it's not
to give you gets the computer that is so
much better just hold it right there
Thanks Oh mommy home Anna my risk is so
little Thor oh geez Mercedes v8 pounders
on them the end she's under here
somewhere
I'll just pick her out oh are you my
tickle are on one of those Anna's movie
ever you actually be pretty good through
it shut your face
oh that was picture in your mouth did
you think
she said I thought smile what do you do
now cry did you cry hmm I don't believe
you I teared up I haven't seen that in
forever what you want to know go to a
2:39 what shall we do morning no lay
down gently please help me I can't help
what down now are you full from crackers
and cream cheese or we should we eat
like a proper dinner proper like me I'm
good now we have to eat something proper
what are we gonna do what question same
with Annies he thought of it earlier and
it is what's one thing that you don't
like but you like to like it I know it's
confusing but Reese's Pieces like the
chocolate one is illogical I like peanut
butter Teresa's is what you get recent
pieces of Reese's peanut butter peanut
butter cups the one that like because
like I've tried so hard to like then why
do you want to live in I don't know
because everyone's like oh my gosh this
is good and I love peanut butter and I
love chocolate it's not together maybe I
would do I take coffee when I was
younger I always thought like drinking
coffee maybe like sophisticated okay so
I don't want coffee at home it makes fun
of yours I love Reese's peanut butter go
my throat all right guys we're delirious
so we're gonna see you tomorrow yep for
comment down below what's one thing that
you don't like no yeah you don't like my
drawn tree likewise things in it bye see
you in a while bye
last
Haley you crazy
hey let's do the question of that the
question today what is something that
you want to like but you don't come you
just really analyze cantle I know I
would say
because I want to be like like good at
drawing girl but I'm not use it's hard
yeah so I just give up
so I'll be good you know what a large
I'll be good at art is I I would like to
like him coffee coffee
it would be good to wake me up in the
morning but I don't like it don't like
but I like to smell with you yeah I love
the smell but like I don't like some of
the coffee
yeah so much what do you want to like
but you don't drop on the game yeah hey
always remember to celebrate a thanks
for watching Chris Haley
