today I'm Batali the windows are open
time for my family we love you guys see
you soon
is fair
oh we're going to Mexico PS a few days
where's the car it looks like you're
cleaning up after like a huge like party
like before your mom gets home that you
had a we're also depleting the air
mattress we get back to mr. Jimmy
because we don't have a whole bunch of
people with us right now
so Annie's job is cleaning up on the top
I mean there it's pretty messy in here
and so we're just trying to straighten
up a little bit and make it a little
better I'm sure the neighbors
appreciated that the bottom neighbor's
that's about it my friend
sassy afternoon update is afternoon yet
it is Annie
Oh Annie was doing some school and
having a snack and this was her little
area and this is seeing a fishing
forever to deflate that is your
afternoon update much is like right on
them it was like if you just looked at
me like I'm just trying to go get my
clothes are they smooshed that was a
pretty good one smush them all I guess
30 more minutes no you haven't
I'm making her do it for 30 more minutes
seriously we've been doing good keep
going
yep keep going you got this okay no
we're going to watch you eat and do
school now I'm just kidding we're not
going to do that it was just another
update because this is literally all
we've been doing we got the apartment
straightened up a little bit and I've
been sitting here doing nothing but
watch her do school asking for me oh
yeah you did some musically so she'd had
some break what and glitching that's
good
hit 9 million today thank you guys
that's pretty awesome
and
3.1 on ya and four million using reduce
by no crazy you guys are awesome all the
love we feel it all right
I don't any 30 more minutes so I'm gonna
get off of here so that should actually
focus for 30 minutes 30 minutes if you
can focus for solid 30 no distractions
Ready Set good luck yeah right down
there
ready go Eden where are you Oh to the
airport to pick Danny friend up in here
it's but you guys didn't know again I
say because until the summer how many
more days three sorry Mary
Monday and we need people we're just
were a little baton remember your friend
my friend is that the friend out there
yes you see that are you excited I did
McCarver enough in the car we always
bags up
you guys excited paid are you ready for
travel other than anywhere
oh my cat no you cannot you better pack
light just here's what else we have just
guess what else we have nubra tailor
leotards and leggings and shorts ah have
the Beale in there yeah they're in the
garage so not for sale yet but we have
them let me so happy when you're done
with sixth grade least you've done with
sixth grade math yeah why language that
was long all right my friend
you're a free good job now what do you
want to do thought maybe we were going
to hang out with Lexie and there's still
time I think she got busy enough cool
little photo shoot which is totes okay
but if people like go somewhere and if
she calls we'll meet up with her or
maybe we'll just fit you're flashing
yeah and just eat popcorn and yeah
didn't say Jeffrey was it popcorn did it
pop words not so bad I mean if it's
loaded with butter mm-hmm
alright my friends look having a write
up what's gonna happen means I go shop
tired
this is fun you should try that no
you're like rolling my eyes I'm not like
you oh so you see it yeah good job
you're so talented
yeah just okay what are you guys doing
hey ask him what the question of the day
okay thank you no solution of the day is
we're filming oh we're asking you would
you rather watch the sunrise and sunset
sunset good one would you rather watch a
sunrise or sunset
Kabam an idle Sun I bet Annie they have
something to tell you no they have some
news where are you hold on we have some
really good news Hayley doesn't know it
yet
I know it you told me in the car what
you were you were you were talking loud
okay well here's the news Naledi
yeah casually shooting what what what
wait no guys is it rain wait where where
we got forever ball for the foreseeable
future
okay so she's gonna trap she's gonna
travel with us
y'all have to Davi Hey you're serious
Josh hey I love your hair oh thank you
Paige needs a puppy I said take me the
puppy when you ask a girl puppy yeah oh
I was like asking about that so yeah so
she's coming to Mexico with us then
she's coming to LA she can we go earlier
all right what do we say sunrise or
sunset I'm not here hi guys my name is
sunrise - if anything comes our little
video no I didn't make any image would
you rather watch the sunrise or well
guys our Sun hasn't set yet so we still
have more video to film so we'll be back
later I think with jumping around like a
little kid to be so excited what are we
doing we're celebrating a million and
your half-birthday we ate and and we're
going to go watch a movie and he's very
excited we've been waiting for this
moment at whole life
awesome we are where are you going
oh are you premiere okay so missions are
because he's premiere we didn't know it
means like when we go to Southwest we
don't stand on the line that's what it
means you guys she made it through the
movie but she didn't make it the ten
minutes home get your bag and your phone
what's up over I got you little - oh
babe I'm gonna help here we are going to
bed guys this is where the video ends
she's not gonna remember this in the
morning okay guys
good night we'll see you tomorrow I'm
gonna get her asleep
always remember to celebrate
thanks for watching
Brit Haley
