this morning is sad Mads is moving out
but she'll be back she will be back
she got Oliver's an easy getting her
shoes on and we were heading out to set
for days maybe I don't know how many
nights it was it will think it was four
nights probably something like that I'll
have to count as soon as Annie gets her
shoes on
we're headed to set this early Saturday
morning and then there's no more filming
for that no more filming for a couple
weeks and we're headed homes in a couple
days for a little bit of a break you
walk how you guys walk in white shoes
when it's raining you're kidding me
twinsies what they didn't even plan it
but they're kind of wearing the same and
it's sprinkling out here I don't know
what's wrong with you LA but I'm not
feeling it yeah they don't like them to
top that with their hair wet because
then they have to be blow-dried and blah
blah blah blah blah you planned this
call time in the rain what did you
expect Annie fell asleep in the car on
top of Mads and we waited till the very
last minute we got here about five
minutes early and we waited to the last
minute to get here we sat in the car I
just chilled oh my gosh ready to get out
of the rain good morning
I know right good morning and it will
tighten all right yes yeah you're
literally just gonna have to act like
it's not broken
it won't tighten I'm gonna laugh when he
gets it it might be stripped alright
yeah Annie why aren't you laughing
yes don't really know what the scene is
so you're gonna have a stay tuned it's a
performance scene obviously but that's
all I know I really don't know what the
script is either oh look I'm recording I
was gonna record on my phone cuz I
didn't have my camera and then I'm like
no I'm gonna go get my camera so
apparently I'm recording
Dylan's gonna punch Hayden and I'm gonna
get it we got it look at her look how
much she's like give me the ball she got
her own Aiden's gonna die yeah Hayden's
going down sit down
I think are y'all done oh you're done
with photos okay
it's big and come snuggle back in the
pod with my cute little favorite little
twelve-year-old boys you're 12 no you're
13 years old
never mind well you know almost it's
coming up food learned about the April
Brooks Brooks birthday's coming up like
next week guys
I don't know what kind of LA world this
is but it's cold for LA I mean it's in
the 50s so I don't think we have that
closed to be prepared for this like to
sweatshirts here you ready for this girl
you know yeah go back to sleep all right
brush your teeth and your hair all right
and then we're going okay go meet Annie
over at set 30 minutes hmm that's not
funny
Hey
Haley is sleeping in the corner of the
elevator you look like you're in Alaska
or something Haley says that she didn't
sign up for this
so she signed up for only warm weather
in LA
surprise surprise mommy took the new car
was there any doubt
all right guys she's not sleeping not
faking not faking your Baker all right
we made it to the filming location and
we're gonna go in and get our hair and
makeup done they don't do their my
makeup as pretty as I don't really do my
makeup bud no do I got pretty makeup you
ready you believe it's still raining
okay well I'm eating salad good girl now
it's gone did you eat you didn't even do
it near my place like this is the
worksheet through right where'd you get
the salad
we'll go to the south what's up y'all
the boys are playing well we're just
standing here watching her I'm teaching
these women in the Rubik it's nice you
loosen now no I do take em already
analyzed you only have to do it once
what's up
what is that Wow
yes a car full of a nice wet shirt do
you guys you're trying to figure find
another adult dolt medium I mean like a
baggy I like my own baggage wait till
you see who else is wearing them are you
selling already I've got you all right
looks good on you a hand with no she
didn't do you turtle hey boys we weren't
talking about your sweatshirt what we
are wrapped or on
and I just solved your overview and I've
learned I learned how much right hey
we tried it I don't remember how to do
it
I'm pretty sure
yeah
okay I did donut
so don't here
I don't know
I did but I did it all do much so yes I
didn't take off my makeup and I'm bummed
I don't know why I bummed because I'm
bummed okay that's it okay I'm bummed
because
um Dylan had invited me over me Matt and
Riley over to her house and I was like
let's do this thing like I'm so down and
I was like but you did just have like
four sleepovers in a row and you kind of
need to clean up in the house and take a
shower me anything
she has taking showers in that last four
days I'm taking a shower every single
day okay okay I'm getting off seven but
I will tell you that later however so
much on my brain and then I found and
then I she was like okay knows okay I
guess
okay I have had a lot of seed worms and
then I found I thought that but and then
I find out the boys are also having a
sleepover and that Dylan's having a
party tomorrow but we're going to the
party but like they get to sleepover and
not at the same house just the boys are
going to brushes rolled if my girls are
going to get once and you're going and I
had to go home
you see sad but anyways the thing that
me and do him this is really Johnston
TMI but me and Dylan have made a promise
to each other that we're going to shave
every day to shave her legs every day
because Mads has the softest smoothest
Blake's oh my god I don't think it's cuz
she shaves every day yes yes I know she
does but that's not why her legs are so
yes it has
Ultra ultra old Ultra stop there just
like psych and it makes me jealous so
I'm not like you shaving every day he's
not gonna make my dad - it's a Rubik's
Cube it's not a toy it's how I gain my
smartness I told him no I didn't call
the caterers okay let's go do this today
we're leaving you guys I don't want to
clean my room I couldn't ever wall and
didn't push in the day it's not really
that message just like Messi you know
okay
hey it's not that messy oh my hand I
love I love this thing so much the
fingers I mean my other Ruby feel but
it's broken
okay so question today I Haley will
think of it that goes there this is
dirty but I probably could wear it again
because it's jeans I'm only one a month
so it's wrong really dirty to be honest
I want to throw those up even not
they're not good I'm listening
what's your favorite
mads left some stuff yeah no I will let
me which is a question of baby the
question of the day should be do you
keep your room messy or cleanness at the
time um my overhead I started not liking
to not clean my room at night wait what
I like done doesn't clean my cleaning my
room straightened it this is no it's
clean nothing you know like mommy said
clean enough to get on the beds and
mouth because we're getting bunk beds
down in Hailey's room I got taught I get
top bunk so this is kind of my room but
like I can't go down there panting my
rings on okay that's how you mind and
then I'll bring by the camera back up
for Haley okay so let's crush the vagin
that's it
um my room normally stays messy but it's
only because of clothes because I don't
feel like putting clothes back up on the
hangers cuz i try i change my outfits so
many times a day that is just like
annoying to like put them back on the
hangers you know like i'm having to
explain myself that's why but i do get
into the moat to the mood where I feel
like I need to straighten everything and
then I just like meet everything to be
exactly in the right spot phonetic it's
annoying so yeah that's my answer
Haley said you know I'm like you too
what keeps your room um messy during the
day but she likes to sleep in to clean
during the night so that's it cried
Haley did I say your question right your
answer right I said that you liked it
you don't like it clean in what is it
the daytime and you like to clean it at
the night time because you can't look at
all the stuff while you're sleeping
that's pretty much it right look I'm in
a onesie again yesterday actually no I
didn't even sleep it out uh nobody could
accept a new sweatshirt
alright anyways don't forget comfortable
enough for the day is you keep it a room
messy or clear that's it
bye guys I forgot the camera in the car
and punishments we're getting the camera
in the car you have to get out and get
it when you're already tired and I
already down for the night and you have
to debride get dressed and go get the
camera what is this life it's not
working computer players say it's all
over the place
fix it all better to celebrate
thanks for watching
Vitaliy
