time for what cami good morning guys I
ate some lunch eating a cookie right now
about to go to gym on yeah we're walking
down the stairs soon my bad if it's a
little bumpy another bug oh we made -
Jojo - they're gone
Oh moving on no no she's in y'all
I should weep reason up - like she just
got back and we are going to used to
meet up with her hopefully meet up oh I
never met these Rascals hey Dana Barbara
so you know you guys just got in yeah my
god you guys are rocks or favorite to
weddings this weekend oh yeah hey Mel
and I want to are you okay oh maybe net
which ones this is peanut how to collect
yeah he's black okay that's easier now -
you remember we said like a black guy
cuz he's black but also could these lush
because we found him in a fire oh now
he's all great now that he's five you
know man they're both boys you know
subway all right we're here for a good
workout yeah are you did you drink water
yes we've been drinking go you left at
the car I didn't know like you need a
drink I'm orange had massive headache
last time honey should definitely feelin
better
it's like you got a pee more and then
pee it all out it is better that P then
had a headache get him down the road
alright they probably need to be yeah
especially because peanut take they're
so cute there you go yeah i watch the
video of that I'm having - oh okay you
guys have to take about to get protein
yeah we're tied go watch our video we're
like aw no
wait let me hold this please some socks
put it like socks
you know just regular old suck oh those
aren't happy either you're happy
hey there that's miles don't worry it
gets better
meronym add a matching but not how do
you not smile when you're around Rebecca
it's embarrassing
just embarrass nothing you'll crack the
smile yeah I got a happy face on hey man
you're gonna get all the boys now you
guys ever heard of bags well thanks
apparently so then checkout it you did
yeah I'm just looking the bag of that
back there's a lot of frost there's a
lot of wigs there's a lot of snow
believe it - Rebecca - always know what
the newest thing is I just looked on the
half-step now they're going to try to do
that on the beam later so check out her
musically yes Rebecca is omalo
okay that right yeah mom or the mole Oh
Italian yes there's like a bunch of
sweat you want to go Jojo cross-system
sunglasses honey pick the prop bag that
is amazing and it is like it's a Mary
Poppins happen don't want to be used to
get beat up into spinner so I danced I
got together they just gonna make
everything better
I hung out with a nice kitty
that's cheating oh yeah someone's here
to the next science vet Center I had and
it was dollar but up really and it was
the work that is fun of you do a video
on that that's why I would never spend
150 if it was four so did you figure
that out in the does that what to test
it I like you have got a lot to do check
in Rebecca's channel out she's got a lot
of content I do a lot of weird things
I don't know if I can get it down as
well where does not make this up well
anyways I got it back and forth
she can't do a group fun
so rosendorf
wait take your foot off my video loop
and
how's it going how does handstands feel
is that it's daddy called a don't tell
me that is an overshoot to handstand I'm
cueing
overshoot hands and I'm accusing because
levels are you supposed to go to
handstand on level nine she can't ever
remember you can is it a deduction if
you don't at level 9 I feel like it
should be too from every angle
yeah is there bad another practice
privates are hard you guys well I
wouldn't know I've never had one three
coaches in one people your pupil a
gymnast all wears her down I want to see
more the back is like Lola let's go and
he's like hey are you gonna go bottle it
back flips oh yeah
okay guys you see just check out
Rebecca's musically to see if we ever
hit this okay guys so now of course
you're going down the stairs I feel like
everyone like them we're going down the
stairs for up the stairs so now we're
going down and and because I was legit
because it will probably be out so when
the Sun is down so I'm going to be real
cold did we go the wrong way again no
cool all right
sure mommy says you need to be like a
plane for some reason I don't know why
but we're going out we're gonna do this
thing called like I fly or something a
telescope
yeah you don't have long is exact way
that course so we're gonna see how I do
this time so Jojo Jojo and hate is
eternity they have a same ideas are like
they're not here with some ensues oh my
all right our I like oh they're here
okay my friend the perfect hideaway our
way to be right now one time those deep
I know I feel like when mommy told him
was a long time ago
you nervous gotta go sign up Joe Joe
knows them all she comes here so much
and mighty here Oh like they do lessons
or you just come here in like ten
minutes access that cool how they go in
yeah yeah this is really perfect it
already coming in with a pro your dad's
a pro is modest to anything shady we
should read the small one or did you
pick red and Sisyphus so we'll do one
little sessions me to try it out but the
days when of all of the back possibility
of today are do are P hater
so go there the Pro Doge other pro pro
and her and a Bobo JoJo's the pro pro
pro and fly fly
yeah you should those of you have really
good-looking hair right now tiny hairs
right no we got it
like a pro just to see sometimes
kind of yeah
okay so God oh uh oh I can't wait to see
you in the goggle oh you old strings in
the front it's like a morgue I think
he'll talk all right
I'm scared just dare a toaster for
someone we love devar thank you okay
right there barely fall down from all
these people
all right executor the members remember
while replying take your time we do not
ever need to move quickly got to slow
keep those legs straight look where
you're going do not want football sneak
up on you protect your face say it slow
you're a legit fucking search though I
still pay blotting except coming out
there like that there are many rules the
subtle okay you got it
don't get up and walk around for ease
and don't make maybe a to get off really
one is a lot
or the other data pairs of you
Oh My yes he has
me
me
name
Oh
me
how do you think you like it that's you
at higher that time send my first time
oh it's before yeah what do you think
oh yeah they looks good y'all hurt the
face very well good library tomorrow
most of my success
hey tired
sleeping crying please and you want to
come home oh
all the bags are down
nice got a few good night Mikey tomorrow
are you going down yeah yeah we'll see
you okay after bye guys I'll miss you
bye guys bye
we just got the most exciting news do
you wanna tell him or should I nah music
video is oh well not out for people to
watch it's ready for us to watch like
take one and see if there's any changes
we want it at them and they just not Co
Hayden and Jimmy you're coming over and
we're going to all watch it together
today knock how do you feel are you
nervous
you're not nervous at all is it I'm a
little nervous okay we can't you guys
can't see it so see you in a second oh
my god oh good yay
knuckles little acting skills going on
there we can't tell you what kind of
acting you've had the wait wait what
today yeah this video will be out before
that video oh okay any notes okay I want
to talk about it no notes Anna you did
especially cute I know let's watch like
a hundred times
all right and he's all snuggled in on
the couch for the night no I'm just
cutting on the make her go to bed but
what do you think like now that I raved
on there's good do you really like it
okay so the question today is are you
excited for the release of the music
video are you nervous no ready alone
either
it's really cute to look really well
done okay so comment down below how
excited you are like use all the emojis
all the emojis that you feel when you
think about the music video coming
but I'm proud of both of them we forgot
to tell that to Hayden I'm proud of both
of you guys that's pretty darn good
first well it's not his first music
video but he did a good job you did to
look so cute you're welcome for making
it look so cute all right my friends
that's all you got to say any okay see
you tomorrow
nobody's going balloon yeah now if you
like music at nilly haven't seen it how
excited are then about the music video
I'm very excited Oh probably not it's
not going they're probably like oh my
gosh they got to see it already that's
not fair all right guys stay tuned
always remember to celebrate Bay thanks
for watching Chris Haley
