time for my carry so it is Friday right
now and I'm so excited because its own
growth they'll begin and actual love
school but I like the weekends too and
there's a possibility that I might be
going to Jim Jim guys it's open gym and
I'm going with two friends
oh did you want did you like Dan sister
Wow takes time we want to play for the
class okay I'm super so bad both sides
how do people oh so that's but it's
pretty bold from so I think going do by
my hair it looks really bad so much
going like cut it off so um we I'm going
to the gym right
and the winners oh yeah I'm in rehearsal
after this oh it's really cool yeah
that's good they were working on round
off kind of like what's great about her
giving these private was kind of like
back to the basics I just did some
roundoff drills over there
so you lay it there Jim when they put
grips on they sit in a hollow body wide
it's smelling because it's new and you
didn't wash it first then don't use it
it privates are fun huh Annie because
you're like the only one there's like
it's just jam-packed I mean I do more if
I could
I'm like such a stickler for form I I
test all in there
I remember when I used to watch Jim
Moore went to a little and it was saying
the same thing like booty and during
ribs yeah we go back toes five or six
year old fast like that's why she
probably remembered it's supposed to be
like that yeah no lady gymnastics let
that kick and put your grips on and
drink lots of water 20 minutes after
you're janus the heart yeah you'll feel
really good
it'll be kicked in after bars we're
talking to professor
Barzani like circling your flippin well
just do what you can do and generally
beam fur like whatever she go to push
cheese wants to whine about it for a
second she liked me because I'll whine
about something and Billy will be like
well then do this I'm like no it's okay
fine it's fine
yeah my little wreckage what a minute
the bars is the medicine we're just good
timing
ah like fur no see for like this he's
like a
I like to secondary like that yeah could
be a necklace wow you should do a music
video is that like probably should not
Rebekah's like um this will go viral
yeah like she was kidding you can't joke
around that it'll be like what I'm a
very little guy
I love how rebecca helps annie like it's
hard to have a two-hour private by
yourself like with two coaches and
especially not being in the gym so she's
a little frustrated today cuz things
aren't going the way she wants them to
go so Rebecca taking turns with her
what's your favorite thing on virus abou
Annie you know what is if you were like
100 percent what would be your favorite
double backs yeah double back triple
back head still hurting it'll free you
up you know that it will yeah it really
will go away but I can't tell you when
but she said this turned the camera on
the wrong time so this is the challenges
trying out the doorway yeah
I like using my back and then I fix it
cuz I meet that wrong I thought they're
gonna say I told you to say yes so try
that oh he goes I got you're going to be
like just so try that next up no that's
wrong
yeah yeah way to fight through that I
mean I like what he's added like even a
bad workout it's just better to get
something and oh that head use it yeah
oh yeah you don't want those it get
messed up I know it really probably is
difficult
her favorite haha actually she does like
beans
she likes being a fella I wish you
didn't have a headache
so you'd be jumping around too
Oh
Oh
okay my ribs I feel like they're there
my ribs are
we'll survive the an apple a day the
other one doesn't
we're all just eating the Apple was
relative we all had headache oh maybe
thank you we were thinking the bun could
have caused it we did I really like can
you do a high ponytail and then we
thought that was way too high every
shirt from not in water not the high
ponytail yeah she drinks a lot of water
but I don't know what money do to milk
that's true
yeah hell no - man Roger - hydrated I
think dehydrated yeah well I actually
what you person used to good I said do
you want milk yeah we are I think should
I still appear mom yeah we don't want to
blame Rebecca I'll take all the blame
I'm used to it I will take the blame it
wasn't just money laughs I need you in
like cardio workout right if you want to
hear say yeah see my motto purposes
we're back here again don't don't judge
us sometime don't judge us it's close to
where we're saying and it's Cilicia so
we have you have to come get them the
Nika Fanny had a headache
as a headache on
crazy
and then we're going to meet Vanessa the
stylist she's going to style her rock
your hair
Vaness was getting her first listen to
any song so she knows how to address her
I get little footsies on me not weird at
all
come on
oh yes Hayden I actually really like
that color I'm not gonna lie forget you
Annie we're going to drive Peyton so
right now we're going to open gym and
decide to see Amelia and American and
beer daddy would you have to save of it
Marie one loves me up yeah that's what
he say on camera he didn't say it anyway
I like you via me today again I told her
to tell you we hadn't even left the
house yet
you shut up like oh you're there I
didn't know you were a deli we haven't
even left the house I thought we were
just joking about Josh yeah I was just
kidding
okay we got to go guys
join us for more rehearsal that's when
you're not responsible doesn't have to
put your shoes on when you come back and
change and then you make your mother
carry them Rangers right now your phone
is going to totally belt fall out of us
anyway all right I feel like we had all
the time in the world and then it was
just gone
so surely if I get any in years
am i interrupting you look real life oh
I'm interrupting no Michael everything
she's like so I was thinking uh picking
up your you guys using their wireless
stuff right Andy like I don't know how
to do any of those footwork I think your
stuff may be in the head Walter good
he's going to teach you okay I'm sure
piece what do you need a Sharpie for for
like signing I like the bold sharpie
actually I like the silver one - yeah
it's like bronze good you put those in
huh it will say an e on it on the back
my singing but my not cool wait he's got
the label maker want yours to be special
- yep technical difficulties chip chip
chip chip chip chip chip chip jo j-o
sorry I watching my altered up to by now
everything is always like this
check-check
holder you know when you heard it the
first time TV that I knew she'd have
that reaction it's like I don't think I
hear it I can hear her
I knew if you light bulb no still having
technical difficulties but that's okay
postures are gonna change a check please
check check check again please check
check one two three four five check
check check feel this video need to be
called check check nope for watchin my
digital and hiatal at aaden's turn
public knowledge that you're performing
an original or is that a surprise does
that vlog worthy oh you have reformed it
okay Hayden's doing an original so he's
going to rehearse you guys you guys
should buy tickets to rock your hair if
you want to see Hayden Singh as original
Ford it's not an original not you did
you write an original for her yet cuz
yeah I'm waiting full not so compartment
run they're still working on this we've
been rehearsing like in between like all
the technical issues so the rehearsals
are going well and they're working
really hard to get that fixed that's a
wrap on rehearsals we do all dance after
rehearsal Danny take nap I do dances
Hayden sits on equipment I don't know
all right get up wheel your equipment
out like a big girl will be yours and
don't forget his good to the digit
spinner I got the water which one's
yours my drink she didn't even open her
see fire long day are you coming we're
leaving I'll get it up you'll get
something off okay go ahead okay so
Haley is back for gymnastics how's
domestics is it better than when you're
on team where it was team cooler that's
because you were seven that is good yeah
chillin this time so are you excited
about tomorrow she's going to hang out
with Alexa guys
the next day me yeah so that I'll be
fine and then the question today hey hey
hey what are you saying it's time for
the question of the day hooray
my favorite flower is the skunk from
Bambi you can call me flower if you want
to
is it he knows you're gonna do something
you can call me flower if you want you
become another Lopez you wanna know
what's your favorite flower don't love
it hey only Disick's good it's got to be
warm though you don't have really
anything else we're gonna make it look
good
it's gonna stick to you up and look fine
I feel it's a little dirty and that's
okay you're getting ready got side we
are going down because Jimmy Peyton's
dad is super sweet and he is fixing up
some steaks
we love steak and that was very nice of
him so we're gonna head down there and
meet some new people and hang out the be
social washes no I need to do that
where's your flat brush I lost that yeah
we need to go to the makeup store
because I need that and some concealer
thank leonie highlighters our favorite
can we go now peace let's get out the
door Oh gotcha Mimi he's moving really
slowly
look at him Yohan and I get on with the
gun
what why me
the adventures of Annie in LA
will it bite me
Oh get to your brother or sister is he
eating the other one eating yeah like a
sloth I don't know I like it always only
two there what's that that's a body was
this something something is body now the
truth for the state good great delicious
yeah this is Texas style really this is
the real deal Texas steak we're eating
delicious steak down here at this little
commons area
everyone is skating um I don't know how
to skate over you're just like watching
um yeah we're just chilling out here
it's really dark when I'm really nervous
but you know I don't leave the camera
it's not that cold it's just we were in
a warm house we have a good night
don't trip we're going to lose them
really steep stairs and I could just see
one of us mrs. Bentley on it's Friday
night I'm going to sleep in for the
first time probably since we've been
here I mean a little bit kind of sucked
in I'll make sure we're going the right
way
yeah all right ok cool that was gonna be
ok question of the day daddy said this
we've been really good about sending as
a question a what's your favorite flower
it's like I'm going with the tulip she's
hotter than a room are you listening
tulips and roses if anybody wants Rosa
no ok guys
and now it's like those on break flowers
that the ones that are like white on the
bottom and like go it's like pink oh
yeah
doesn't understand those are good okay
so we'll see you tomorrow
good night all
remember to celebrate life Hey ah thanks
for watching Chris Haley
