hi for what can you read commercial and
other considerations provided by best
fiends hey guys I'm just playing that's
Ian if you don't know what best scenes
is it's a free puzzle adventure game
where you collect and build a team of
feet and the feet the slugs by matching
the same colored object this legs are
going to do can and you can too starting
today you can watch the slugs train
Washington who can't animation then play
the weekly bootcamp in a game event
waste slugs have never won and will
never win a war why and do can't even
win a lot everyone the download the
games are free by clicking the link in
our description you'll get five dollars
worth of diamonds Eagle for free we're
going to shoot the rest of the music
video if you guys weren't tuned in last
week she shot part of her first ever
music video and we're going to go shoot
the beach scene I think today which is
not very beachy out it's been beautiful
the last couple like the last week and
the day we decide so she's completely
ready to go except for that last shoe
not sure why because it means I'd be up
there well I brought your jacket so
we'll do like beachy shorts and a little
jacket or something I packed a few
things so in a bag over there and my
shoes so that I don't forget something
where these footballs
anyways that's the plan she gets about
an hour of school this morning before we
go my computer's beeping at me I'm
uploading the footage to Billy but he
can edit the videos and it's taking
forever I think you 2%
well he'd had to send me what he got so
someone would be sending footage so
he'll now just depends on since he's
been editing it just made more sense to
send it to him you mean it - it's me we
hole her marker here it's birthday so
we're getting her flowers in the card
just flower the cards play card is funny
it's got a dog on it so Annie is excited
here's always the problem when I'm oh
yes when I'm vlogging and my hands are
full then I can't turn it off so I just
leave it running their stress ones
because they're so different from the
other ones please I have a ports on it
they're a baseball one we just managed
through the pink one for the basketball
so suppose people need a baseball one is
made public participation yours yeah Oh
aged six plus paving you can't get one
darn it all right taste test they're
really good though Annie and I have
never heard of talkies
we'll see you like you do you like hot
cheetos
you never tried a hot cheeto well you're
about to today
never once it's the best tasting and
fulfillment everybody looks all those
busy every day my food no you just right
you okay oh man I said okay like they
look hot
they're all hot or not
tastes good yeah I know you know you
have to go now it's all over you can you
not eat properly with victims actually
the first ones warm that's actually
you'll keep beating them and you keep
eating them it's actually got a really
good flavor they don't get no no each
way we may not write like relate to
cheeto are coming the tape if you lick
those right off trying to try to eat
yours will look at yourself I haven't
even I took one bite
I'm trying to film I will eat them no
one am i ready watch one tiny little
bite horsemen you gotta get over Oh feel
better I wanna write your keep that's
crazy
thank you why did make you want another
I ate the other one not a rain you'll
eat the whole bag like it's hot and like
I heard something kind of thing it does
say any passes no Jimmy dancing hi
so he doesn't get out much okay so we're
headed to Malibu
I've never been to Malibu Andy's never
been to Malibu I can see an elephant
that's don't first time an Elvis first
time to Malibu what is it going to be an
adventure
oh yeah can't wait
he'll let them in oh my gosh
Annie's in heaven what's this one
impression mm-hm
it's really cute hi ready
stop hugging me he or she this one's one
oh really
the little insulin shots okay
yeah doesn't loose changes eyes doesn't
matter right Oh hundred fresh black
coffee oh this is where we're going to
get our hair done and get ready and then
I think we're going to go down to the
beador's gonna dirt here okay I'd love
to see that fact I would pay to see that
oh she could be wrong you should
actually do her makeup I did good video
oh it's hard to do well here okay and
getting her hair done
let me take a picture
looks good antyram
whoo this is the what of all older yeah
they brought new bottle videos again
emoji game in a minute equal and whoever
wins we need to design a water bottle
misting they're gonna send them on the
water mahal sorry well hurry repost it
reposted what hashtag rocker hair yes
I'll do ready to go don't you think
they're good
so Annie apparently got suckered into
promising she'd sing when they hit a
million lightning on the live stream
they hit it and then it got kicked off
because the internet went out have a
make it next time you soon ah I shall
make sure you've gone that long
oh my god what do you think they want
air please oh that's a good one that
hold did you make a promise then you
have to use me again so you promise to
Hayden well Hayden went announced so
we're glad you're back up when yes when
she shook on it
Oh is he holding my hand there there's
proof that you shook on it in my mind oh
you got taken away
gimme look at all in all that lighting
just do airplanes real quick
for that or do the other one by James
Arthur luckily Chris reasonable or safe
and sound all right these two just gave
away a water bottle so they're going to
sign it and send it out and just marina
lively the other side to make we can
make our top gear in 1/3 Oh top gifter
might 1 1 2 oh I don't want to sign
things tell me that even just now Oh
fancy with the 8 then you guys know it's
legit hem that's Gary
misty where's my water bottles there's
life here
official your name's Holly wrong this is
how we rock wherever you want
this is no I think you smell hands
Gabrielle but now that you oh thank you
songs is another job he really wants to
win right your hands designed energy
like no problem to see I thought to NRL
yeah be excluded for myself doing
minimally power
well why'd you so fancy no official he
wants a fancy his up apparently is a
competition who has the fanciest
signatures do you
on you one shot make sure you're on
though you're not yeah you got to be in
frame okay they hit half a million so
apparently oh they're going to
screenshot that just so you know and
ease of using the fake length a little
faster in the last really hit him that
would hurt encouraging violence it's
live here and all right I don't condemn
us cool and I change into some dance
clothes because it's my first official
dance class
I'll make you officially a dancer kinda
I'm not really when you know it's
official when this is here how I know
things are official when it's on to like
the oh when you're here when Jimmy's
here it's official best photographer
ever oh but the pipes can't help you
the pipe melts it will do that kicked
out you guys they didn't want me in
their shop but that's okay come out here
we are here ready to become actual
dancers I'm in this class to you by the
way you'd be a pretty good dancer I hear
I'm very graceful so mostly me saying it
but I still hear it in your head mm-hmm
the voices they're loud
hey ready for this you nervous at all
mmm wake up now you awake okay okay got
a little break going on and he's like
let me go shoot some hoops that's pretty
good I don't know if I thought because I
was put my sunglasses on you almost made
oh what's like regulation I can't see
now this isn't wow this isn't bouncy
okay oh my wrist
you guys love my sequins
I mean back in the day I did play a
little high school basketball yeah I'm
better than yeah
oh I thought I was going to go nope he's
waiting for a friend to come over oh
whoa
what's up yeah I met him yo your neck
hurt no he got he's picking it up I
don't know why we didn't just dump it
but yeah I don't know no don't be a girl
well generally bashful no no no no no no
and also does basketball at you all
right you know he's a living creature on
a little great never been in one of
these things noise has been woman Leslie
dance
wasn't this Oh I'm using it one before I
got golf cart oh well maybe accurately
oh that's good
you
right there firsthand penis soup fear is
real hey we're in the Blue Room and open
the by oh my gosh it's a dais blackout
I mean who wants to walk in the desert
we've got everything in that bag no one
wants to walk like with in the sandwich
shoes on wait mommy look oh yeah come
with you you need to hire socks Oh cold
no feel so good good it all right
no I'm gonna hold mine it's cool
the guys it is beautiful down here
absolutely
ha I need a tan but I'm in black Jean so
that's not going to happen man it's
gonna be really weird that would be
weird
look how pretty can I live here they're
filming a video that they're - we're not
the only ones filming Oh No shut up
running and sand why you don't wear
baggy pants Danny what you doing up
there
that doesn't make me nervous at all
y'all be careful as the mother I feel
like I should say that that way if
somebody comes crashing down I'll be
like I told you to be careful come to me
you put your hand down
am I really pretty now
we play
you have a bailout if you go give a plan
no okay
there's a crazy first dance class
holy moly Oh lights went off how'd you
like it though there to be a dancer new
yeah it is a colors like that
it feels like a unicorn horn ha is
you're sure next you need some 180
profit and I really probably did you
hands are cold
her hands are freezing keep it on until
the last minute all right we've got like
two more shots and then someone's going
to go that's a wrap all right cool
you're just trying to get to looking at
big another girl right way guys walk
that way all up so I had a really good
time at the dance to do Rea and finally
well not finally but we just got home
and I have a single puppy and the
question of the day is what it is or the
colors to it
Mayans Baloo that's weird you been
wearing a yellow thing but you're like
they're wearing a blue okay so guys do
it
I like I don't worry a lot actually but
I like to wear red yes he doesn't wear a
lot he's wearing blue right hmm but he
went quite a bit like sometimes mmm so
don't really know manemma no good we
wouldn't want his question is what's
your favorite color to wear spy you
tomorrow we got to be process now that
oh we're all sharing that and then they
come out with yours so I guess I'm using
all that so if you want anything you can
definitely house move you want that
baked potato you can have it you don't
want it okay so she's got an encore food
wait a second chicken introduce yourself
like all the charging phones right here
on the show pretty cool
ah
yeah you're pretty much water dad look
at what if cows live in this mood around
here oh my god guys take your gun but
it's beautiful
oh your mouth that's funny looks like
normal
all right dinners done we're heading
back up to the house the boys are
pushing just kidding niggas I have you
know anyways what's down in there
yeah you guys wasted all that time you
don't get to play with a frog now that's
a wrap on a day bye guys
we're going home I know I think we're
good thank you guys bye and now we're
going to all fall asleep in the car
except hopefully mr. Jimmy's going to
stay awake it was a long day I'm very
tired but I am done with my first ever
oh my gosh guys like I can't believe
that foot anyways thank you guys because
couldn't have ever done that without you
guys but thank you guys so much I love
you but the battery percentage is really
low so nice all day
I'm just going to say cameras written
question today I sent me a question
today is doing too much okay awesome
yeah yeah so the question today is what
color do you like on yourself
I like my ride on myself yeah she said
read the other day because we're
yesterday cuz she was wearing red but we
forgot to ask that question um I like
the light blue I don't learn very often
but
activating I put I'm wearing tie-dye you
so yeah don't forget to comment down
below soon another question today is
what is your favorite color on you
replicate yourself in the camera bye bye
bye
always remember to celebrate life thanks
for watching Chris Haley
