time for what kami hola hola hola the
work all the word
hola fits in this lesson and he's doing
she's learning about what's up buddy
reading Luke Lupita mañana mañana
mañana doesn't mean tomorrow I don't
know
you know what hola means an she sore
from Jim yesterday who I'm massaging her
back we have pretty much all day like
this morning and a little bit this
afternoon of school mom you she does not
like to talk about it as you can see and
then we're not doing a lot yeah you're
doing a lot know after after I'm done
and does like after we need to close in
one oh yeah yeah yeah you we've got
plenty of hours right now this morning
and but like at 4:00 this afternoon
you're rehearsing for rock your hair so
performance is and not this weekend but
next so it'll be the first rehearsal
like for a live performance she's
recorded the song half record as a video
tomorrow we finished a video and today
you're going to go rehearse like
hopefully I caught a microphone since
you've never liked it she helped out on
a microphone you sing in a recording
microphone but not to wear like on stage
and alright earpiece yeah you're using
an ear pierced ear piece are you using a
handheld as a rabbit ear you get to make
it mean excuse me do you get to make the
division um no no who's making the
decision don't know are you nervous
about performing oh yeah not yet will
you be nervous after rehearsals
if rehearsals don't go well you have to
at least get two weeks time of language
don't bunk down to two oh he doesn't
like the emotion important
weaken language really yes how do you
know his blue blue means important
apparently so guys we miss school so
he's got makeup math work the hard girl
need some help
just a little she's Russian this morning
so we went to sleep like as soon as we
got home last night we were tired and we
forgot to answer the question of the day
so answer now Hayley's well you guys saw
my hidden talent Hayley's in hidden how
is she can actually she and sent on her
toes it's crazy good like yes just track
him from school no happy school yeah to
school um she's almost done with all
another week of language the idea to at
least get a week done she got mad at me
earlier I remember that like three hours
ago when you first started she's been
working on school since 10:00 it's 1:30
thirty more minutes okay got anything I
now was a long week it's not looks like
that lunch is hard it's like a really
fun week in language mmm and she's not
even ready for today yet she's
officially gone nuts keeping her focused
is it getting harder and harder and
harder as the day goes on twenty more
minutes
time I finished another word is good
very very good have you submitted them
oh you submit on your phone yeah because
then agents on your computer you have to
scan it as you can just take a picture
dude dude when did you get those smart
yesterday Wow
pretty well now you're racing it oh wow
seriously 21 more minutes
oh it's 140 now you have to go extra two
minutes because we just wanted just
because we just wasted two it y el e y
alright enough of that and a good laugh
for the day back to school
hey you how did your math go good what
what are you doing down there
nothing should weigh montélimar why I'm
not lean we're just families just now
pollo baby
come up with a baby come on Joe I can't
Pat you what are you doing over here
legs bum you catching back up on all
your schoolwork
well how's math going are you doing on
your phone you playing the games
Instagram you know post a picture on
there you can look at other peoples
pictures like you always do don't you
post some Instagram pictures while q po
semester your own pictures okay go ahead
I think you're going to do that
because she's smiling gosh look at her
computer I knew it I knew it
yay that wasn't torturous four hours of
my life your life so I had to hear you
whine no I didn't lose my power because
I said if you whine anymore I'm throwing
your budgets better in the trash that
worked okay now we're going to get rid
of it for the day you can go to
rehearsal and Annie can see on a
microphone this is not to be good I'm
assuming like we're going to be able to
like it's not gonna be like when you
record the song it's going to be like
where everybody can hear it I don't know
I am I even gonna be able to humilate
off you don't know we've never done this
they're like dancing
no Kelly why would there be dancing
so they should know something I don't I
don't know anything I know as much as
you know how we are
it is hard my wrist is feeling so much
better I've been wearing it at night
still and it's on the mend
we are dressed and ready and we're
waiting for Haley to FaceTime us before
we go to rehearsal so let's get the top
to her you want to show your outfit of
the day
you're going to sit and Joe it love it
okay we are faced timing mommy find that
mommy and FaceTime give her some face
time remember you have to show your face
on face times she wants to see your
pretty little face do you miss me do you
miss me so much now I'm filming - let me
see your face we're getting ready to go
to rehearsals for Annie first rehearsals
what are you doing
another month I keep oscillating in Gigi
you need to hold up what are the doggies
doing I love how voices get so high what
are they doing see if they hear your
voices column
where are you
I know looking room this is like I'm
psyched about I'm doing a handstand oh
that's nice
have you been having fun no no do you
miss us
are you ready to come visit us again
Wow okay it's going to be soon all right
we just wanted to say hi okay bye let'em
1 1 1 what how official you look really
nice she's got Road here
she's pretty official really I think it
was not about Victor but it would shock
it to patient alright so we got the same
rehearsal time with Hayden right so
he'll he'll show us how to do it and
then Annie can do it
there's a basic piece change this is
official in this place
Hayden comes up there while you go and
you can sit or when he goes perfect I'll
take a nap okay very this is pretty
pretty official oh really beyond that
holy good they're 12 now he's not no
he's not yes this is the crazy part is
I've been coming here working with
recording artists for you ha only you
had one other day I've never seen the
microphones or if had a box top talked
into talking to a microphone Wow
it's a guitar pick oh my gosh you poor
thing guitar yeah tell me a joke the
power position so but at Friday natured
astana but I would say yeah well no that
is not that kind of mic you want to do a
micro do not a drop to my shirt if your
hold it like this to them swing through
okay remember but daddy always teaches
you through swing through the ball
don't you bus huh unless you're bunting
at this
first money oh that's cute that's a
great victory likewise what Thanks
oh he's not on Jasper a pink one and
yeah they're really confident it will
hold it I'm not doing that no Hogan
criticism
don't-don't-don't kind of anamorphic
I'll be at this room here's a pretty
legit I'm gonna drop into the crowd I
know nothing I know nothing about any of
us what's going to go oh so you can hear
right I can hear the music in your head
scissors yeah this hard hours one
microphone got two of them three of them
how many years there's a like legit in
here new equipment thinking at all
all right guys get everybody come in
here please concur my ears and vlog just
wow you know this is one Jeff Jeff Jeff
hey hey hey yeah we got a good game
Darryl the game's up okay basically
polar pattern that they will take your
voiceover okay so if you're if you're
further away you need to like they call
it eating the mic yes it doesn't need to
be on your lips we need to be close okay
but if you feel like you can't hear
yourself getting closer you like some
people put the mic like on the top lip
but you don't have to do that you do
whatever something free of you
sometimes we're really hot in the hot
Sun detector really
live so you're like oh my god something
to do it really loud and are you you're
using a new you in your packets all
right Annie like maybe did you guys get
hold on hold for 10 years whatever Jimmy
got is what we got
dude your goal triggers these are not
the kind of people so with your I think
there's two things that you small things
that you need to be concerned with okay
that's really different that did you can
hear yourself in your in here speaker
you're like your headphones basically
and if you cannot if you can partially
listen here in partially listen in the
house meaning like whatever sound is
coming back that - these are called
monitors come on ass down do you do that
to monitor I want to call that a speaker
Oh
find out where that goes
does it plug into there you sure
I don't know today's but good thing
that's very good
this is his little battery but is also
very high battery done that said how do
they say it's like regular headphones
she usually wears the over here no go in
this heels rig though you're going to be
a moldable
I don't know I'm going to know what
molded ones mean like they fit your ear
yeah I think we'll see how this
performance goes and really likes it
that's cool yeah well I do it wait I
mean knows what you're risen to have
she's a finger maverick I just doing it
he's doing you know Ginny Ginny crime
smile here there okay try not to just
stand in one spot like this okay float
around load how you feel
keep you like you nailed it or failed it
or you're going to spit your water out
I'm good whoo I knew okay we do it okay
I feel like I feel like it's better
oh yeah makes you nailed it I feel good
I feel I can sing higher without the
music
music oh really and you get to get
something softer when the music's not on
you get a blare sing it loud sing it
proud yeah yeah you're dead soon we have
a field trip tomorrow yeah hey Google
turn over living your life you got it
all ready when my on so let's do the
question today so that you can get a
better the question of the day is what's
your favorite day of the week and that's
including weekend so Monday through
Sunday what's your favorite day of the
week like Fridays on Monday percent I'm
one of those weird Monday people I have
a reason for me but it's like back when
I was in the Navy Monday you have the
whole week ahead of you to accomplish
things and for me Friday's were always
like looking back on the things you
didn't accomplish why do you like
Friday's give the weekends training we
good reason don't forget to comment out
okay everyone now that question of day
what's your favorite day of the week so
I've done this rehearsal day one
yeah I'm sure I'm gonna have that song
stuck in my head but yeah right now I
know they're new no no rules well well
where are we going now
I don't know we're in there Barbie just
ate bugs we don't know what we're gonna
do now
so hey I'm gonna try backflip right and
yet be confident and you have to be able
to do it say you're gonna do it yeah
still gonna do
early bird squawking three what shot
please jump up top
Badri like your landing is hands on oh
my name record you're not gonna leave
your neck uh promise at all universe I
mean I am a hundred percent sure you're
not allowed on your neck I would go so
here it'll land on your neck is if you
scroll out in midair and you're like wow
like what you almost just did there's a
little gold ring yeah you're gonna do it
commit to me all right
three two one jungkook that was Karolina
overtimes here's a few courts basically
what jungkook
I can't do it Barroso Hayden do the back
tuck in the sand
oh and now hands going again
look at--look flip cool I like wobbling
he's the only smart one
oh my gosh well and you got anyway guys
Ryder's fruit just wish me good luck I'm
dealing with more before boys here we go
now it's time for the burger from today
which is what is your favorite day of
the week I'm going to can after you
answer this we're going to play a little
game of let's guess what Haley's then I
have no idea what you said okay but
daddy sent me this question of the day
hey let me see I should my favorite day
of the week
mine Friday if anybody's wondering so my
three Friday Friday night though well
favorite day yeah yeah like I think
Haley probably said Friday night - no no
she said I'm going to say Friday yeah
Friday but I can give you a reason
Monday I was a Friday by longish at
school she does that like where it's
like she gets a pick what club she wants
to be him like wasn't she good talent
show and once a Monday's cuz she liked
school too tough like school so yeah
don't forget to comment below Coonan
know the question today is the traitors
a week and also comment down below for
y'all Haley's answer right um yeah
tomorrow tomorrow so you're going to man
I'm shooting the second half of the
music video yay so so I want to number
them behind the themes of that alright
sorry enter hi guys you tomorrow
Oh
remember to celebrate life ah based on
thanks for watching Chris Haley
