time for my carry good morning my
friends today we are celebrating family
over tea
we're having a pizza party today right
now happening right now but Annie's done
with nap she is finishing math today ten
more lessons so lively lesson yeah more
free ten more I don't know I think two
more days ten more like little notches
like checkmarks ten more so we ordered
some pizza we're going to celebrate
yep she can't eat until she's done okay
Haley hasn't even ventured out of the
bedroom yet it's almost lunchtime she's
been watching TV it is a lazy Saturday
morning here in a loss and Dilys don't
look at me funny for my accent my cool
eggs acid yeah so there's really nothing
on the agenda today except this she's at
least doing this finishing math we'll
see how long that takes her and see if
I'm going to make her do any more school
for the day we're going to knock the
school year out that's the plan while
we're here in LA she's not going to be a
gym as much this week she's going to be
in the gym a little bit yeah I decided
how lazy we are how lazy are we we're so
lazy that we had all our drinks and had
our drinks to liver look now look look
don't judge too much of all the soda we
got in we got this thing because I don't
have my refrigerator one and I like
filtered water we did we unloaded the
car yeah yeah we've got a few snacks
Andy was in charge of yesterday we went
to Target I'm getting some healthy
snacks she she messed up a little bit a
little bit but she did get some
she did get some you know pistachios and
there's fruit what the Trashmen we got a
mountain we haven't really collected
that much trash yet alright get busy
we'll check in later guys
Oh daddy started lunch without a paper
plates we should get some paper plate
right now we are what is it a
performance
now it's heading there we're gonna watch
some stuff yeah yeah hey guys it was so
hot in there real everybody ever started
not doing one because it's so hot and
turn the air
so a lot of fun now I don't know where
we're going so city we as in me Haley
Lexi and Hayden are going down to the
hot tub and the pool
I'm gonna try not to get my hair wet and
I just washed it but I don't care for it
that way I'm going to let you go we know
there's a pool
well I'm getting confused now mm-hmm
just like a shortcut or something
no we talked without failing to just go
down a different order
I came out the other door and Ramona I
look like oh my god she looks cool then
like two hours out so I heard you're
Lexi's everlasting you you know
scandalize very like trying to close
their eyes
but the light's still there so we're
down here to Rio I can pair up we can
ask your job to knock you out
we need outboard of your tanning you
guys enjoy the hot tub
the whole fold now what you could not
there's I'm fun so after that now we are
going back up I think I don't know where
we're going I just have to follow them
wait why am i yeah we're leaving Haley
James Russ and I she's coming I'm
getting for their back to Solon make you
hungry
uh-huh so she's a really healthy food
snack on I refer you to the dip of the
year to be described as a so what's the
plan tonight I mean any everyone's or
men cheese which is a fresney order
place like all day Republican into that
we just kept welcome I believe your
mom's bought the whole mall yeah for
sure that's what I hear been there like
all day
yeah at all okay um I mean Katie your
best check out Lauren I've got a Walmart
store yeah can you told me that they
bought the whole store very much um
anything to drink
alright so they're eating real healthy
skill and after the crackers in depth we
decided to move on to Oreos these are
firework Oreos so apparently they have
popping candy in them and Annie's going
to be in here in the second will be fun
and we'll see what happens
I have no idea what any sorry I never
had oh let's protect our daughter now
alright go ahead one two three
oh yeah those are you dating Oreos with
pop rocks may not have all over 21 you
took the whole store so now you're gonna
have to stay forever 21
only own the store now cool look I
really love her bag
bangs weird when you stop chewing
there's like we want to hear them into
you we belong it well I've in our min
she was a broken arm is Irma she's here
uh-huh Sagara as you're eating under
eating and having admirer well there's
one in our mall so we got to mention all
about Jillian chef Erin hey you didn't
say I had to parent them you just had to
watch them they're safe Diamond Saturday
nights in LA doesn't get much better
than this
we're having a super late dinner 9:30
9:30 eight to be exact
my little love bug Haley is leaving me
tomorrow and I'm very very sad she's
getting on a jet plane
wait is it a jet plane it's that's what
you fly on all the time so everyone not
a propeller yes you'd rather a jet I saw
I thought this would have way was scared
and it made a stir in the lake it was
really bumpy that's that's when you're
not flying on Oh get a big plane yeah
okay anyway got some you know lazy
playing on the phone on Instagram over
there
oh my wrist is feeling a little better
actually it felt a lot better yesterday
it's a little better than it was last
week but anyways hamburgers daddy's over
here cooking
heating up some sliders and what are you
gonna do without me you're going to call
me every day
Haley try again FaceTime me every day
you know think about me no I'm gonna get
tickled by daddy every day if you don't
call me no mm-hmm
text me every day no brush your teeth
every day
you better know and then you're going to
come back and see me for the rock your
hair no Haley yeah
don't make me bad god I pretend like
you're gonna miss me
I'm gonna miss you okay Haley new thanks
for humoring me she's packed up iPad
charging cell phone charging they don't
leave super early but it's definitely in
the morning so question of the day oh
yeah you'll be awake in the morning I'm
not leaving super early you're all wake
you have to take it my friend
I think they leave around 10 scratcher
weirdo you just need your self in the
face oh why are you beating yourself up
all right question of the day Phil Manny
when you're hurt Annie I need I was just
of the day now
I've had computer phone what do you want
for daily videos on what BAM we work
together I watch it every day right now
I watch it in real life but if you're
watching youtube videos which are on
iPad iPad mostly okay that's a good one
i watch it on my phone probably yeah I
usually have a phone on me you you need
so you need me hey what you need me like
your knee or you actually need me in
your life yeah that one yeah you're
going to do it again okay my friend join
us tomorrow it's going to be a super sad
day not happy about why do I have to go
canoe home school now but we can all say
do you know you want to do school we'll
just figure it out sometimes I'll go
with you sometimes dad and at the house
and we'll just little figure a because I
never get to do with mommy anywhere
since daddy peace out why can't you just
come with me I'll do it next time we'll
swap okay I just want to be in two
places at one time but I want to be home
with you but I want to be here with
Angie
good night we'll see you guys tomorrow
comment down below
why do you watch for tayo'y videos on we
will see you tomorrow maybe Shane for
joining us - bang Oh turning it off no
you and Daddy Aaron have so much fun
always remember to celebrate
thanks for watching Britt Haley
