learning everybody just was talking for
whatever we packed up I've hacked up I
think he packed us what his own bag has
one bag okay so we're going to go pack
the car up all these bags and just hack
it make lots of pictures up that's mom's
phone she called the selfies on moms
boom who take selfies view and etiquette
okay
apparently she's gonna do it alright
anyways we're going to load the car up
and we're going to head to the airport
but we're digging a pit stop so stock
Olga Vanna against they have a Taco
Cabana here near the airport so Jimmy
and it was delicious
absolutely yes
so hey we got quesadillas the rest of us
got just talk tacos with beef upsetting
to like all up all I need attention
opposite really I feel like you look
like you're doing a commercial for Taco
Cabana okay I would like Facebook user
parte ly conscious all right so we are
pulling in to the rental car or return
what's wrong and then we have a shuttle
over to the airport hey y'all you got a
hey y'all hat Alan all right so our trip
to Oklahoma in soon we'll be back one
day Oklahoma thanks for having us it was
scary scary yes a book goodbye to uh
plus three good now out to LA my friends
Haley and Daddy are going out for the
weekend
Danny and I are staying a little longer
a couple weeks actually she's going to
go to gym with Rebecca we filmed that
video at and we're just going to be here
getting some to be there getting some
stuff done what's wrong hey you knew
that you didn't know that she's gonna be
training there's more doggies
look how pretty they are gonna pet the
doggies a lot dog like you and I start
talking
unfortunately the card yeah
we honestly lowered la so anyway are
waiting on daddy of you to get on the
planning for a
for Haley maybe Daniel fit somewhere
over there for lucky but we don't want
to like do that person that saves a seat
yeah okay this is an hour flight we have
a layover in Houston so we'll be okay
two whites and I and then traffic that
we land at 4:00 in LA so I think yeah
gonna be pretty fun come on in I'm
working today really oh so you guys
would have been way back there they let
the mom with family wording that was
nice of them well welcome to your seat
we're glad you could join us
you wanted the window right we kind of
switch it up
okay we're going to settle into this
power fight okay we're going to come
back I have no idea okay a little panic
what she thinks it's in her bag can you
check let me show you though okay yeah
she's having a panic attack
oh geez you're all mine by the way all
the facts look at them I stole this mash
you guys we got to fly it spoon this is
not just for an hour so this is for the
next three on-site - we're prepared
and this is Lunas first slow bath take a
little shower after being very good in
her workout for some sauce on the lunge
line
a long time we're not sitting there and
the fact of the plains and the ocean
have to catch another flight really hard
and chairman an award environment
surgeon oh you gotta walk 28 pounds I
know let's put this in fascination
we need plenty of time for each other
what like under the famine we're
supposed to Boracay like right as we are
walking a blue there's our plane is
broken so that's why we're taking so
long
first up here for a little bit longer we
thought we were yeah where'd you get a
pin our planes going to get serviced
so our plane is broken they're going to
take it to be serviced and we're waiting
to find out if we're getting on another
hard flight or not a little bit of chaos
over here now oh well they're trying
stay tuned push the control will not
eliminate our time another plane for us
or other people okay that's a deal I'll
take that humans need an aircraft phones
back off of a gauge that 95 zones behind
another aircraft engine regulated
irrigation scheme air interfaces are
classed as a rifle and is interested I
was worried or gonna be a couple powers
in our aircraft or busy that's good news
they don't care if they're so chill like
I was a little like take two we're lined
up again and it seems to be taking a
little longer than I would wish making
me nervous like what's what if someone
wrong with this plane coming wrong in
this plane I'm going to visit somebody
in Houston that I know that's it I know
a few people here I went to high school
not far from here so we'll just go knock
on their door like what we're done we're
done with the airport can we crash here
okay watch this you guys oh this is
the caffeine no problem it's a good sign
you guys where you going
hello apparently we want to do a
tradition of cartwheeling in the jetway
but her hands are full so that's not
happening their Wi-Fi on this plane yes
there is the important thing he likes
again
yeah I'm just
yes I can
Oh
wait clarity2 we clearly do your plod
lay on the last leg of that
you've got 30 minutes we're going to
start a little
no ok Annie home sweet home a little
while remain how much school did you
give them I'm on my last week in one and
that's good no more math yes they're all
math free how many other way - you do
this one make sure no one's in here oh
my gosh II didn't into fabulous it's
bigger than eyes our living room yeah
disaster sister the bathroom well with
that in a bedroom mommy
good this'll work - Hotel like was just
it's bigger
yes you guys apartment tour look at the
kitchen everything that we're gonna need
look Woodward's oh look how cute this is
really you like you wanna go to that
move out I don't think it pulls out
we're gonna get like air mattress says
no it doesn't pull out ah
it's comfy yeah yeah nice two fingers
yeah we'll figure it out does my hot new
right now all right now we must eat
clear sir I got a closet
II feel like there's something in there
Oh No easy gentle gentle gentle
it is Kaza
like a vacuum so anything clean
I'm in here and there's a refrigerator I
wonder if they left us some milk
nope nothing wait a little toaster we
can cook everything we'll need for a
couple of weeks I'm coming to do is to
put the bathroom of the bedroom how many
years are it's like you're live look
five years I will sit there is she oh
well there's another one over there
awesome room I knew you're gonna be in
there little tree I like this weird kind
hey was that my little puzzle perfect
off the camera and other guys turning
over dinner complete what a delectable
no mom thank you now it was we'll be
back to promise like every day almost
none everything Oh
all right cool let's get in the car
basically the closest see you tomorrow
it's like green out here like night
vision whoa cool there we go you got it
here on I hate my dude saying I was
doing dress
didn't you want to come to the sand not
slipping the key nervous oh wow that was
even better especially the first one but
he's set in everything good maybe
nervous I was like is he gonna run well
he's dead now I don't talk yeah you got
it you got a rotate all right she says
she made it thanks are in the vein
Finnegan
what too bad you're wearing all black
comes really hard to do hey guys so we
are now in hotel we have no idea where
she's something where but we are both
high so soon to realize our course today
which is um what's your
all that or this is Huck what's your
favorite room in your house my favorite
room in the house and our house is the
nine is a TV room except she nation' any
time in pain okay you don't forget to
cover down well Jesse you wanna know
though because it is multiple huh what's
your favorite room in the house and your
ass yeah my bad me too I can hit the
living room I said I TV movie room tune
in tomorrow bye guys you tomorrow
