time for my Cammie here's the story guys
I was already woken Hayley up once she
ate some breakfast and then she came and
climbed into this bed with me and said
goodnight
oh there's the other one oh my gosh it's
not that early girl what time is it
it's like no no not 9:00 yet it's 8:15
well you knew we had play on for the day
so the plan is to film a crazy soda
challenge and then we're going to go
visit Bricktown right yep
it's like historical there's things to
see there and like food and stuff I
don't know if at all Bricktown but we're
going to be in alike II ever experienced
yeah already think about lunch when you
just say breakfast perfect sounds like
me and then it's tornado time no it's
not a big chance of a tornado but right
the weather's not really great is it
today I think I would pick a 20% chance
of whether a 22 like weather know what
she said on a 10 on a scale of 1 to 10
like a - OH
which would be 20% for all you mapping
out there and they were cute oh we're
going to do that we're going to get
ourselves ready we're in the video this
soda challenge or crazy soda challenge
is going to go on 8 - money's Channel
we've decided well you're saying we're
going really hell yes
I didn't get did you no no no no no no
no no the conversation would like this
oh I didn't get to be unlike Haley do
you want to film exact this these next -
well is it - minute your next two videos
now so basically you were in
ones that are going on Brooklyn and
Bailey's Channel and also not o and one
of yours but the one that we had planned
to put on yours you didn't want to be in
so that kind of it's not a big deal but
it's going to go on a knee so that's why
we thought since you wanted to do this
when it's going to go on your channel
welcome to brick town
don't get so excited
no it's gonna be cool hey brick I'm
bringing we're going to go on a canal
ride and we're going to arise josh is
excited oh hello there's construction
how do you ride a breakdown again out ah
brick what is it called brick look at
all the bricks are the is the ground
gonna be made of brick like pretty
modulator Bruce's where we go fer that
sidewalks made out of brick I just feel
like all the pathways should be made out
of brick and look down just walk up to
places and be like deep through here and
we might do that there's a bombing a
long time ago in Oklahoma City well
without dudes named Timothy nifty
birthday
and there was another guy Terry Nichols
and he bombed a building and with a
truck parked a truck next to it and
found at the Senate building we're going
to go to the memorial that's on the
agenda the weather holds out that
whether the bay is Hall its the Dodgers
the triple-a why do they cause we're
gonna City Dodgers oh I thought they had
an observable look at that Sonic
I know I heard you why is that sonic so
huge you can fit that like their
headquarters well I don't know if that's
the answer building for the headquarters
but there is a sonic let's go in there
and order a burger
look it is beautiful I love Hanukkah we
don't have very many of them are we lost
don't like Mickey Mantle burn hey guys I
don't know if you've ever heard the
story but I'm kind of related to him
let's go over it who knows how marriage
died away in a marriage kind of way I
never met him yeah but my grandfather
which would be alterative again run the
cumin Street madness
yeah I know that's why I have a lucky
number seven that's where it started out
when he was little I was a parking
scientist and I've been there two of us
yeah we picked it and he picked it too
but I think for that reason I thought I
just liked so my grandfather which we'd
be my mom's dad after my grandmother
passed away he got remarried and he
married Mickey Mouse sister so so your
step-grandmother
is Mickey Mantle sister is Mickey Mantle
sister Oh like my dog misses it count
no because I know counter grandma like
that grandmother's email so their owner
is mr. Vanover latest for married by
marriage
not by blood count Fanny count we're
going to right by Mickey's
restaurant oh my goodness look look it's
a mama and her baby
oh and litter
look how cute you guys don't fall in the
water fine
keeping Oklahoma beautiful one Styrofoam
cup at a time they are so cute right in
front of you hey you calling them here
dot call
jumping over turned into a damp Oliver
word I feel like I want to bend are you
exhausted
hey guys it will get the proximal hold
up my 77
where
so this is a bison and Oklahoma's state
mammal I didn't know that I didn't know
that state had mammals do we know if you
know that states have mammals state
mammal your station I don't know but the
Oklahoma does the by something good is a
bird yeah what's this a flower here come
on you got it
comment down below guide of you know if
Wilma state flower don't look it up
don't cheat your brain no aunty looking
up the state mail people to people
either how do you say we take a patron
or through the council watch so horse we
we had to make that up no server look at
you there's a pretty girl
Oh
all right my friend
we passed the largest manly waterhole on
Oklahoma's Accession we're doing so yeah
we've seen our land run Monument a kind
of cool house better work
Oh hit work they were they were racing
for land level little scooters those are
true before Steve and these were never
real work they may have friends are
there some over here that I can see one
and a half
that is amazing look cut them will cut
the sooner so that the guys representing
the Sooners that there was a little bit
earlier than they should have
so they're the land run back in the bay
so that Oklahoma is basically if you can
get to it first it's your land but they
all have to start at the same race yeah
like that on a date started before this
is the road that's the great story I
that left a little bit sooner
yeah get it so there the sooner but
history land
now not all of it or he could only do
this you can only get his portion he
just got the prime his prime pick I
guess Seco bridge Wow phone phone
computer he's working I'm in the middle
second dude okay we're going to eat I
know you guys aren't going I'm going to
eat without you see you later
we are here doing a day full of like
just awesome Oklahoma stuff this is Toby
see how amazing country singer he was
born and more or from Moore Oklahoma so
we're at his restaurant and I got Cal
five
Just Giving that weather politcal fries
or did I mess that up
cast fries I we're not going to say up
high so singer not going to disclose
what calf fries are but no just we
didn't really order them but apparently
people like those so look that up and
see why you may think that we did not
order calf fries all right one but good
now we are getting a better
we're coming by plan to get a better
look at this planned run volume you
heard on the canal these one and a half
times actual size
Oh big guy
if you he tricked over the Treasury box
tell me - soon that much sooner the
sooner let the treasure as an obstacle
to trip horses so he could get even
further ahead and he solved the crime
you might want to get out of the way
you're about to get stampeded on because
Oh tickle is you guys got any toe jam in
there Oh Hayley just touched all his
houses this is mister building bomb
super sad so it did sit there now
there's a memorial like the Twin Tower
affecting and so you'll see when we turn
here so we're just gonna stay in a car
because it's like really windy out and I
figure we'll get a good welcome here a
lot nasal out saying all yeah a memorial
of things that people still today or
that's from a more sober people are
still bringing at the heart of it look
at all them down your hair through here
this tower shoes and then over there
it's quite moving it's quite yeah
memorial look at all that stuff because
kids were in the building like there's a
daycare in there it was like we're
people right I got that right right
people you know was a daycare now that
made the employees had their kids in the
daycare this building is the museum
which is very good actually it's very
very welcome
so the federal building it was a federal
building if you go to Oklahoma and parts
of Texas you will walk from although I
have you been through
name your labor let mom come through so
we want to come in and go ahead and get
him you got cappuccino Chocolate Chunk
I'll name the flavors you got cool mint
something cool chocolaty month what you
get mother's cookies with nobody animal
cookies
Oh Boozer
I like animal ox there's chunks of
cookies and I got a sundae of some sort
of marshmallow rose on my mom and I got
the same kind of except she got nuts
love me a big ol chunk of chocolate
listen you listen here I want to look in
that nest always been there I want to
look in that nest you guys enjoying this
weather beautiful lighting would calm
before the storm
yeah what they call it okay so we just
discovered Haley a spider woman let's
see if we can do it again I can't even
do that yeah yeah I hear noises no there
doesn't that scare me I'm in the middle
of packing I need to pick out their
clothes I need all right so we're
packing this room up so here's the scoop
you guys we knew there was a chance a
slim chance that we'd be going out to LA
so we kind of packed a little bit for it
but it is going to happen we are headed
out there tomorrow and then Annie and I
are probably going to stay for a little
bit and daddy's going to take hailey
back to school next week there's some
things we're working on some projects
Aggie so we'll film what we can and tell
you when we can
I hate saying that cuz I'm not doing it
like we got to figure out like when and
I'm really just it's exciting so I need
you two to please pick out what you want
to wear on the airplane tomorrow where
is it it is in your suitcases right here
and then the laundry that I just washed
and Oh notice this I just realized we
haven't vlogged about this it can be
whatever you want to wear on the
airplane
guys so I put a wrist brace on my hand
aren't riska that we've really been
hurting lately
yeah I got two you can try this on
anyway because it's really been hurting
I'm probably got to go the doctor I
think it may be carpal tunnel which is
no fun to think about but the brace is
really hoping one it's reminding me not
to use it mainly it's like molded here
you know you can put on for sometime and
- it's like supporting it so we're in a
really cool insane where is it that
right it's a little under there
here's nope under like lower you're
going higher
that's super sore so I'm trying not to
use it
hey guys so we're doing the question of
the day which is what's your favorite
quo and why my favorite quote art would
be your nothing is impossible the word
itself as are impossible or you have to
have a good day you have to have the bad
days to have the good days and mine is
this is a long one I - so share - I do
it um I'm going to do it easy one first
it's when you feel like what and think
about why you started but wouldn't feel
like what quitting quitting you're like
we feel like quitting move in think
about why you started and best friends
I've started the friends don't shine in
the night but best friends do something
was really best friends are stars
friends don't shine in the night but
best first Katja oh yeah don't forget to
comment below favorite another question
today what's your favorite thing whoa
okay oh hi guys you tomorrow
always remember to celebrate life
ah based on babe thanks for watching
Rick Hayley
