time for what cami good morning who's
awaken here good morning
who woke up first really yeah are you in
a better mood than the morning yeah I
think you are are you in a good mood
Haley no oh well it's not good to see
crying or laughing I hope you have all
right you guys just lay in bed all day
it's cool okay no but what do you want
to do today nothing I sell weed and the
fans on like turbo speed all right what
do you guys want to do today get tickled
I guess and you have you been tickled
yeah mom will get you want to tickle you
we are going to wear for Mother's Day
once I said as she didn't get to pick
her restaurant - now we have the Memphis
Keiko point all-time favorite shows in
here
again
if we're going to try all kinds of soda
oh yeah I'm going to do a circular barn
or something we have explained a
particular form I don't know what ever
been
barrels for like a beer actually
fabulous
it's called if you are gonna find out if
you guys can join us before
food and drinking and circular barn mr.
Traill our ground around comes around
I didn't call the house that they would
name the circular bar that's them Carl
the round bars
that is what it looks like whatever they
call it around bars not like a round top
it surrounds around chilly
I was thinking more like a sphere like a
roll when you pushed it by using it
before I haystack yeah I ground that one
yeah and then you want like a ton
someone should make that she will notice
an Oklahoma House red dirt right out of
baseball field
that's different and if they want to go
look at their mind
oh because I see I see it crisscross
they're going to see the fishing yeah
don't put on the table my favorite
oh they're dinner
Wow
holy moly look at the wheels rear space
like a hurt
which there now and the round of are not
the circular one oh they will be oh not
funny like using a force Kim only walked
upon this do it no honey just
good-looking route 66 if you guys can
see that yeah on route 66 you'll find
these girls on their bones not
interested in the outside world
well I mean high scores and I'll be
interested in
all right this is where we're going to
find the Round Barn and pops
we just found at a gas station around
Barn ahead people right turn back what
boy but they still winning so you're not
going to go to the car yet no what game
papers I own the top looking for things
to do in Oklahoma that's free there's
one of them free Wi-Fi this is cool your
button I don't oh no this one goes oh
it's not really like a working when
everybody happened so it's now house
everybody had one Hayley you go scope it
out first before I go take your camera I
don't know if it's a functioning
outhouse I guess there's not much
function
oh look at the first tractor going well
the first one
this is so cool
no supportive I know there's no support
beams I'm glad you talked to me
yeah it's cool yeah not me like a basket
I'm alone you know it's a little
nerve-racking is very Victor I know for
me it's really nice it's a little like
it's green inside my wedding you're
gonna get married here that's a pool we
met your husband yet yeah you're in it
oh there's a scary I feel like I'm going
to fall through the ground
shut their down below in the gift shop
we are done with that now we're like one
hour down we are going to talk and be
getting your car a bunch of notice I
guess you can try
fighter so yak butter so delicious
peanut butter and jelly
we cool can we order some of the food to
be said to us so we can do that soda
challenge cool
all right guys daddy's buying some solos
that we got from that section over there
that's so disgusting we're doing home to
video so did tasting thing but in the
meantime they were shopping here's a
sneak peek at all the sodas that we
bought we don't want the girls to see
we're going to where I used to live when
I was Haley's age Vicky lives here now
Tina is - she used to live in the exact
same unit that we lived in and I gotta
ask if it looks familiar
okay I used this is where we do the
cartwheels on the brick wall waiting for
the bus
does not look familiar at all oh oh god
my backyard there's a pond back back
over there this is the brick wall that
we used to do it that one
we were in someone's front yard oh they
probably knew us who the 1300 600 so ask
them all you guys know Oklahoma did a
lot of tornadoes
some people have tornado shelters such
as our grandmama so she's going to give
us a tour Wow Oh what oh my goodness
oh it's decorate I'll have to wait
that's it are you kidding me I'll I'm
frightened okay and when you do get down
and push that a little further this is
it how long have you be down here I
thought there could be like a teacher
and food is there food does your oh we
can some food down there yeah good good
you this is what we don't have a new fan
down here oh my gosh you would just have
a sit here I guess like a hurricane they
don't last long oh my bad it feels kind
of cool down here this is so tiny mommy
no in all one so they have bigger ones I
was like a foreperson nothing I was
expecting something a little bigger I
was kind of kidding about the TV Center
a radio down here yes I believe
something like I think I feel that
there's a light there look at the radio
for the flashlight oh my gosh we this
would be oh there's water over here you
know we start an axe of some sort not an
axe so whistles yes there's a lot of it
I mean this is obviously chop something
I don't know why he has an axe bigger
batteries get slammed in and see and
then of course you have to close the
door so how do you do that oh this is
scary
oh I don't like it we got the wash light
on
oh we're fine what is this little lever
new you can open it is that how you like
to secure it there's light here I don't
have it all the way this is green wait
this is a battery-operated fan this
would be not what I would want to be
kind of situation I'd want to be in
what's this do you know oh you can ask
ops about that I'm not sure what that is
I think it's a went yeah I don't know
okay I don't know tiny ones do them but
it if you are stuck down here it's a
buck up looking for Pete yeah is there
supposed to be some weather tomorrow but
it's that's what they're saying and I
think with that like a 20% chance coach
why not bad what do you Helen
sir you can't all fit down there oh yeah
Robby when I would all do it
oh I got see we could we would squeeze
them all right oh my gosh well there you
guys have it up for will be tomorrow
night across the web you'll be happy to
snacks because you know she eats when
she's like now like I am so nervous
okay I will not eat up here we don't do
my videos cuz I'm bringing my blinking
light man there's not enough room down
there for interesting pace the tornadoes
dozens you hear sirens or your phone
would hopefully give an alert would be
happy will be watch would we have repeat
and then we'll jump in there and then we
wouldn't be in there long right would be
as have it blows over pretty fast
would we have time like if the tornado
thing you came up to get like stuff that
we needed well our small the weatherman
are going tornado let's bear the tornado
there's going to be storms that will
come this this way so you don't want to
be watching to the weather to see if
they're storms coming your way and then
the chances will go up and you'll be
like okay it may be time to
mom always goes down sooner she said
she's been down once right right it
takes her a while but and then true
story that's pretty cool though I
realize it wasn't but like seriously
joke if you opened it and like the house
was collapsed wouldn't stuff fall in
when you try to open it so like half a
second okay I've got your chicken and
they will keep on going higher but also
taking the Norfolk seconds okay a
 friend yo hold on a for
sensitivity that wasn't loud headphone
evolve I sick now man so these other
games we play on the way back from
dinner one second one second this is
Sue's Ekans the heavens not do thing
about like you know it's incited oh
we decided to work out so our question
of the day is push-up or theta I would
you push up on the bed you this is what
you do you can do you watch ready no no
you have to sleep often you have to pick
a good little push-ups push-ups so weird
I don't for you to comment below because
we were know the question of it is Shep
or Sudan by I can tomorrow
always remember to celebrate a thanks
for watching Chris Haley
