time for my carry good morning everyone
I did this side a nanny volunteer to
suicide and Haley volunteer to sit
patiently and we've got Supergirl here
as you can see right vaguely
I mean Supergirl where's your cape oh
she does a wonderful reward okay and a
crown oh yeah Wow
I saw the dress earlier if she had a
princess dress on and a crown headband
and that was pretty amazing and then you
know then what and then and then now
you've got this ensemble on you do look
like Superman superwoman superwoman we
have packed up Rylands room this is the
only bag left everything else has been
taken down Rylan gets her room back
thanks Rylan for letting us borrow your
room for the weekend
Kevin Paula time Rylan is the guest room
hey Avery somewhat back to normal oh
he'll be a good idea so we are going to
lunch and I'm hoping well we're leaving
today no we're gonna go to lunch on our
way out up to Oklahoma to see my mom my
mom that crazy and it's Mother's Day so
I can see my mom on Mother's Day happy -
happy Mother's Day to all mommies out
there happy memory yeah I've got one
right here
Wow
what I have 11 you did I got she loves
that I know we got all kinds of so we're
taking taking these home with us of our
party yep oh that's fine hey lucky you
take a dog to take one of the pins okay
I'll go really doable insurance here
well I love you what how that a driver
wouldn't be bad your yo-yo Thank You
Brooklyn zrl I much like in your life
are you ready to go with us
they'll never still never notice Shan
Shan won't mind at all right yeah bye
bye
all right so so are you both trying to
say that this doesn't count as Mother's
Day not count in my house I'll decide
after today he'll decide after the day
well it's got to count for your mother
but you actually are going to see her
okay my friend if you get out on this
side be careful could wear this to the
street he forgot to turn the car off
did not he said all right we are going
to eat lunch before we head up to my
mom's house in Oklahoma Oklahoma we are
eating with Lexi and her mom today we
met Lexi through Hayden in LA but they
live in Texas too something good
also of like Brooklyn and Bailey so
we're going to have lunch with them
I get the new styles so we are at dinner
lunch I took this twice now one of my
friends and now that's two guys right so
yes here at lunch and we are done eating
and yeah so after this we have like a
three-hour drive to Oklahoma but it's
okay and I just play my grandma so
really good okay Annie inside a dog
behind us we're stretching we're getting
gas we're getting gas we're using the
restroom for our road trip and we're
getting roadtrip snacks Annie can't take
her eyes off I'll be weird I'm not going
to film the doll now be weird it's a
little teacup Yorkie all right come on
hummus right now yes you little king him
up
road trip
gasps they should bring it so what we
got
got any toxins
I got one of those too when you're done
the hot nanny is right creepy are you
not
we got news um no we have eternal reward
because it got dysphoria he's gonna
clean Oreos we got a lot of dust on the
car from yesterday but the zoo
Annie what are you doing Annie what are
you doing she doesn't hear women Wow we
did good friend man you guys I didn't
even see that we got all this the daddy
didn't do rosetta do that how did this
happen these are mine these little
wouldn't mind
I don't think they're lemon-lime I think
they're live and I want to see you eat
one of those or go ahead
oh they can help me attack already on
entire soon as daddy doesn't really
weird for running three
does it lie me is it like me
actually yeah very limey and to drink
they both got watered here and it's like
you don't want them weird you're like
boom oh they're lining their nests on
the works before so what does I mean so
that like what is that no weirdest thing
I mean there's good three and a half
hours drive can you unbox bone on
through your mangled mess that you
created here she wants to get her shoes
off
yeah like a three-hour drive and then we
get a couple days there relaxing you
know this day continuing a happy
mother's today yes I get Mother's Day
for three days
you heard it here first Haley confirms
Mother's Day last three days so Haley
confirmed after that me hey Liam oh hey
Lina is super sweet you know I'm this
president will buckle up from daddy's
going no boarding daddy Hanukkah
whoa okay got it
oh my gosh these waters are heavy I
think we'll have water for a year
listen Jules alright my friends we're
going to get this show on the road
dude I'm photographers wear their seat
belts on the front did you know that
very very photographer like seeing
little gnomes are photographers let's go
look we're doing well you said my shoes
on that that's really not the correct
way to still wear your diesel you can
take a view pictures like that and
thread a stop light that's then so we
are like maybe halfway and we're on
these like just back roads it's like
actually like a stoplight like I just
wanna get on the interstate use interest
rates and funny qurbani filter
the music's what they've been doing see
boats on the track like what do you guys
do on road trip planner bone listen to
music put your seatbelt on correctly
take pictures they're like photoshoot
backs back but my back I like this the
Red River every time we used to travel
from Texas to Oklahoma State well
alright I got the sign I will using
across the Red River coming into a coma
from Texas on a little because in
Oklahoma from the mythical Emma we going
all out and the other state that has
casinos in place Nevada
like Vegas I'd like to see note
everywhere Oklahoma has their fair share
I'm sure they're not the only other
state other states
so I feel like a new jersey has them
right like what's that place to get old
gosh how did Lanta
Emily like city yeah all right there's a
jazzy before you there Don they've gone
crazy my friend she killed her first
spider what no her spine
oh wow that was a spider yeah but that
slider ever do to you we're here we're a
mum and off this backyard and they saw
these flowers and they're like oh what
is leaving so many selfies are you going
to post these pictures everybody can
enjoy them a beautiful scenery you know
we're having big potatoes baby Here I am
and steak but more importantly baked
potatoes well I heard it was faking it
still fake you know don't take take a
mushroom all and snacks are coming out
right now
girls Oh something is a new soda I want
something something oh it's our favorite
let me thank you
no I'll just show you birth is okay
maybe I do want to coke Zero now after
that long drive I made me ashamed in
their whores I have an ass nest - yeah
what the bird flies away when we come
out our momma burger or does camera are
you straight and you guys see her how
pretty bird are you birdies coming out
soon
yeah the flowers are a hit how is that
is good for pictures good you know no I
didn't they went and put lipstick on you
guys worship it don't mess the lights up
though well I thought she was going to
try to climb and it then it may have
messed if she's just going to hang there
I bet you Annie
for sure okay watch this stuff Haley
might be able to I'm doing this
beautiful Oklahoma weather steaks are
coming OPS's on the grill he's man in
the grill mum's checking on the potatoes
the girls are editing pictures as I find
very funny cute and bunny how much you
guys want to bet they don't post any of
the ones I took Sanner was disgusting
that's Kenny I ate every bite of my
steak at my potato meanwhile it was
delicious mom thank you and tops to the
steak was delicious
um well see what do you guys doing
nothing oh yeah okay you're jiggling and
body parts flying over here and I come
over to see what's going on here please
backwards and I went over I thought
what's going on ready there may be
storms tomorrow night I heard no we will
step it up any are you okay boys you
step one first like oh I know press come
on Haley come on Haley there you go go
home together there you go oh geez oh
geez just go get out of here
for wisdom of all hey what are the
neighbors doing don't work what we're
talking about was the last time Haley
got up here or Annie got up here she
used Haley's back and so daddy was
joking so just use mom's back my girls
paparazzi's here where we used to live
there was this big it might have been
about this size I do you think remember
where we live oh yeah what about this
off we can go by there oh we should can
we go your aunt Vicki used to live in
the same little condo apartment that I
live in what will the exact same unit
she's not there and I'm knocking on
their door well there's nobody in there
right now can we go ask the office a
wing to see it there's a there's a mark
and a door where I where I kicked it
because or need it because uncle Chris
wouldn't let me in his room don't do
what I do kid about anyway waiting for
the bus when we live there we used to do
gymnastics on the big brick wall we do
cartwheels and it was on a brick wall
like this yeah I mean I guess I was just
a better gymnast Vinnie I didn't fall
I'm just scared yeah but when I was
little I was a little better than I was
when I quit and then went back I was
older and I didn't want to do I was I
was scared of the beam and I had a
cartwheel into a routine I was better
when I was littler and then when I went
back I wouldn't really even attempt to
do my cartwheel I would just already
planned on falling before I started
she's haunted this is why she's a
perfectionist
okay well they shut you down then don't
do it
this is why she's a gymnast she is she's
determined suppose those Jerry but now
John do more because then you're going
to be up there all day and then you
might fall eventually you're probably
going to do you have to be here okay
very good
your handstand yeah okay picture yeah
she conquered it so we're doing anything
so dude was I excited because um
Versailles oh I'm less together
what would you just kiss me I just felt
like raindrops yeah I don't think
there's rain because I feel like it
so we're editing Tony and I'm going to
literally dress her every night helping
everyday she loves me so much if you
picked me a guy Oh guys
okay ready ready ready for the tick so
you want to see it written it is that
that's pretty good she hasn't editor
anything for a while luckily to the back
on this Kendall and I already posted
Ellen's I literally did don't tell me
aritaum it to me Oh knowledge hippie
kids few days stage I will do sample do
some something tomorrow musically the
glitching again so she's not happy she's
going to bed Annie's not happy because
her musically giving her it's been
messing up issues frustration so we need
a question of the day my friends
question of the day
do you really have one hmm like in
school I know yours one house right one
don't lie to three math who you like man
mom she doesn't say what's your favorite
subject
oh it was the English to English me to
math all right my friends spent a long
day they're settled in for bed if you
want to play a game you've got one hold
apples yeah a lot one of our favorite
games tomorrow we got some bubbles if
anything need some bubble blowing before
they go to bed now tomorrow outside um I
don't know we don't know what we're
going to do yet or if I'm some fun stuff
to do here at Hoch KL a hom a Oklahoma
some KC oh oh because they think the
camera got it I was looking at you
saying okay I think I had think I had
the camera aimed at you successfully I
was like yeah so go find something to do
and he's going to work on this musically
hopefully no tears are shed in the
making of this musically she's not happy
right now it's frustrating if you guys
are wondering why Annie hasn't been
making musically lately it's because
it's a fight and it makes it not fun
when liches nanoclay and we have we
talked to musically and they tried to go
into her account and fix it but I'm not
there alright guys see you tomorrow
tune in to find out what fun things we
figure out to do here in Oklahoma hi
good night see you tomorrow
and I always remember to celebrate life
based on thanks for watching Fritz Haley
