time for what can we put in my hair it
sounds like imma put my hair up gonna
flake almost Carly Faro and so I took
out the rubber band but you know what
happened and so we got in the car you
see she's playing right there and we're
going to do it I just found out that
they can stick their head in your window
yeah the experiments lying like to have
a jack
but I think they were stages this space
everywhere you may be measuring up to
our giver I don't know okay I got one
yeah
so yeah we are going to do we woke up at
like 6 o'clock and I was so tired when
we went to family anything that looks
good Ally but I was tired and emotional
for another hour and a half when I went
to the zoo
no I'm not nearly shocked no squeezing
the animals really made me really my
just because I like though we will
attempt to wake her but right now I'm
going to go sleep with the Bears because
she is a bear and the Morrie's awake
laying down yeah it's gonna be fun you
guys no no we have to get a giraffe was
it warm boys get the cameras out like
I'll tell you what it tastes like
that way the giraffes may install the
garage later so grab a big piece Billy
like animal food and don't get that a
lot of flavor
oh yeah look you like this well I think
he got a bigger piece that he meant to
get but now he's just trying to like
fight through it since he's got like a
really not happy place you get into
compressed air that was my guess was it
I didn't have a get Boulder's it's a
little nibble or just like a pellet you
buy for like like small animals which if
I had known that I would have go that
was surprising growing allowed one bag
per car why would a dress eat that don't
go down we need ice please rough and one
bag of food per car and more you can
only hand me the giraffe we are paid
we've got the food
no you're going to keep it off yourself
Sigma selfie like rain from you can do
that it will open this alright since we
can get really good your rap footage
okay I think I hope the giraffes know
that I'm vlogging this and I expect them
to cooperate wonder if we've ever
watched our channel I wonder if they
have I bet they know that they're my
favorite animal Oh giraffe okay we're
going to open this certainly that's all
you guys are eating today
so how fishy do what I do
oh this is a big one oh there it goes
further oh how many people not all right
and windows down the thing open more
nope no I don't think it opens anymore
oh that stinks
nope frauleins active years yes I'm
gonna come down so right here I wrote
you into it here we go
look at all the signs stay in your
vehicle are gonna scored it out
oh there's animals up here I mean I
don't know what surprise on the road
I want a G bruh I need a zebra you want
I want a need a zebra you can throw them
some good throw learn real good lizard
species
oh there's no girl scare get it out of
him he likes that
don't be so good delicious not the best
treat you've ever had where you put you
this little one coming up high
good throw a knee I look like a hawk oh
yeah oh well look at hipster look at
this time - oh no idea leaving does our
Emperor
Carly okay what'd we miss you guys get a
memo that we didn't get it did someone
yell lying the trying guys and we're
kidding I wasn't really alone
education is hard for this is what looks
like these big males are hurting them I
wonder why
Sam I'm making him go that way out of
nowhere the big ones are just nothing
around with them
okay well they are they're like making
them go the way they want them to go
look at those horns
yeah I know I don't want to get a fight
went on I love guys you guys see it look
at that oh thank you hard
hey nice stuff nice spike always gonna
come to a party you might even know a
table
yes mark I'm kidding they know they're
like this is close I'm gonna come oh who
do you love more he's gonna do it going
on the go I thought he was gonna do you
like just throw it
oh thank you you're back oh hi beautiful
stoic alright funny ya can only talk
about kissing the dress I know a lot her
drooling and like good that you gotta
have drool all over you you can't have
from the draft right here faces Kenny
not wait like it's going to be so good
guy you know be awake
changer I feel like a rebel and he's
going to get her first shot and you
don't blow it any and we've got one guy
on your side because you switch over
before I can tell no Samar coming over
oh my god it's not any eyelid and he's
not the poster yeah I guess he didn't
get the memo
ding so pretty.you is beautiful look at
your pretty little look at his horns so
have the felt over them any German hey
good guy
I just love it every time I like go away
tada
okay could actually be something today
okay there's no known anything there you
go becoming it you wanna come in here we
have little bit even Victor's aunt
hailey why do it
these are in the car looking hey guys
are beautiful really give me one know
they need one I love this oh this is my
favorite hey I got an acute or she okay
you're welcome you're welcome
oh hey where's the other one jealous oh
oh
hands are not on no one is gonna hurt
you
oh this one's over here super nice hey
only no teeth
where'd your teeth go smile hmm smile
for the camera all right let's save him
for the draft yeah sorry
we're fresh out little dog little bit
are you sure about this isn't this
poisonous
let me drop it here we go about there
he's going to go ask if we can get on a
truck if it normally need 72 hours in
advance notice what did how would you
get the car they bring us back here so
we're good you got a thin alright we
offer but not something happening okay
think of a petting zoo over there gross
let's go pet some zoos bag of food by
ourselves
alright whole bag whoa hold on
incidental magazine we all got our own
bag of food in the truck what that's
cool let me see you
where'd you go come on pays like a fixer
hey you look like a go-go you got an
itch go go ah you see you yeah where are
the brushes oh that's all right well
just go pet Alexandre yeah hey best
friend
I miss Holland EMU congratulations
Hey look at these guys should I told
them yeah you just can't chase some of
the Hogan I can addiction like am I
gonna not be getting it on daddy have it
on you because of my color
daddy what watching you kick him on the
phone Oh
oh my gosh she's a cutie order a guy's
facial hair daddy
I'm feeding him I'll believe this one
they ever want to go over there you're
fine I don't have sausage double-duty
Annie I like this guy self-proclaimed
goat whisperer camera herself here you
go
you shy shy daddy that's a bond that you
that you've definitely established guys
somehow we scored this awesome truck
what are we on the water but water water
back we up we upgraded to this so we
could see some giraffes these are all
our friends
well the waterboxx or the drag the
giraffe mobile because that's all I want
to say we were put on baby girls and big
boys definitely are going to stay here
they'll go a lot of places for the
breeding program mama you want to you
but we're just happy to have healthy
babies one cup for each person
my version all being a draft oh I will
see that you have over a thousand
animals here at bathroom really about
1,100 animals out here
Wow how many of your ask you we only
have nine right now
oh holy I don't have any giraffes I have
none yes you notice he's biking other
cars coming up why are you going outside
though miss Betty where the where right
there that's okay it's cool I mean
didn't go to that side daddy now she
does not like being touched but she
loves to eat
but Nettie's mother of our youngest baby
that's out there right now mother for me
tree she really did Haley gonna come do
it over here
Clark hey leader spot right here ready
yep she gets nervous having hands by her
face but look at her face look at the
eyes of the draft they of one of the
large five meaning Lando and they're
very effective of those I pick up with
the noise but look at those eyelashes oh
thank you basically Erik they're
actually nicknamed the watchtowers of
the Serengeti
Thank You cousin Gareth they see
something at a distance s make them
nervous they'll get up and walk away all
the smaller animals go there's something
going on I'm going with the giraffe here
yeah you want to come over here that we
have this what I say what we might say I
mean 50 yard oh they can see it 500
yards yeah great hide down Kara love
this and we'll feed it next to Kyle okay
I guess I heard you can do the drummers
I'm just good ready
Haley want to compete it I love the
Nosal bit okay good a little hair
covered now like you know if you see her
tongue stick out to give me that gun
cleaner fade me into her nose lovely one
minute I'm like back and Horace but it's
not it's not hard funny
so it is kind of tempting to patter I
can't remind myself don't pet her so
hard you wrap here in fossil rim there's
really only true that tolerated the
rattle back away really that's one of
our Red Deer that's one of our girls not
so we can put food on the side on the
railing or on the bridge yeah they will
drool all over Oh like okay thanks guys
see you next but we'll try to come back
to the trap as an issuer they're out in
a better position for we'll try to give
them some more these are the water bucks
you guys the the vehicle we're in named
after they've got heart shaped nose
noses unless if I can get in close
but they're always found around a
permanent water source they can go into
the water to go swimming to escape
predators and go through the marshes and
that they've got the oily secretion that
keeps the hair waterproof but they get
out they shake the water off like a dog
but those oils have a terrible odor to
them the male's more so than the girls
males it's like gym socks they've been
sitting in the laundry room every week
the girls still it's not a great odor
but not nearly a song I'm in love with
you
you guys never have I seen a water book
didn't know they had those noses very
good picture little completely zoomed in
right now yeah that's so neat thank you
they are very cute let's move on the
rail behind us put it right there back
the cushions let's make the whole stuff
out of your hands it's like happily
but ya know you're about trying to eat
it all things are for me damn it
yeah we got to be careful if things get
a little bit quick look out yeah she
picked in my head remains I cinema
they're not aggressive listen I'm very
smart
everything is proven fully tempered it's
not food then if they extract it and
again they think you again you know the
African legend concerning the wildebeest
the world he fulfills an animal freedom
in Atlanta is going on and there are
milder grilling the animal in night
again an odd number man so he said if
you look there's a little bit umbilical
cord see him over here and what's an
umbilical ring the Creator hands above
one more animal so you gathered together
all the missing peacock it lying around
put him in the bag took it off and dump
it out that's a will be very willingly
little Emily guys we're getting to go to
a secret area guys I don't know if
you've seen um Jurassic Park side of it
but when they went through a secret gate
it didn't go well
we said that when we drove
never goes good when you go through the
secret game so he is jet ready to start
dropping the skin off his antlers you
can see spend rubbing his antlers
crazy I'm so painful do you want some it
smells like painful I'm getting a shot
of a velvet shouting yet looks painful
huh and with a rubber guy in front of us
he dropped his antlers this spring so
the accents you are very different from
the other deer because these guys are a
tropical deer species they typically are
going to be dropping their antlers
around the anniversary of their birth
okay a little in the camera well don't
come over here and say what's his name
what's his name really glad silly but
like it
hey stop being lazy get your head up
hey you just look that up but mosey on
doesn't know much about it shouldn't
notion that you're out of town it's not
I would look at the Stars like any
character with her put your back to that
rail and make her reach over your
shoulder oh oh okay what like this like
this like you're sitting with your
bikini file-size coming down
well no it you can actually put your
hand like this there you go that's how
you get a good Roach in do not reach up
I mean I have a face for her eyes
oh my gosh guys that is so cute got it
butt chin is fine I'm going to fly for
just a little bit no you know opal it's
okay they won't pet you they'll just
give you yummy food ahead you're coming
back up Sophia you like okay I'm gonna
push it away and get food like yeah it's
good me yet I'm a different dress
you know just bales off now do you see
how big the mail is behind her though
yes male giraffe are usually a lot
bigger than general girls are only going
to be about 14 to 15 feet tall with the
revenues we seem to 17 feet
okay thank you thank you are you getting
at
stop second you put into the grass and
on it what's wrong with ya these guys be
very careful with it
don't drop it and shiki strong Finn is
not a priority that was like pyaar ho
cheering yeah that's a big online day
all that wonderful actually hollow them
out
Fiat it and the next I'll tell ya okay
oh my gosh I was very I always recommend
hold anything is there's nothing on the
outside of a I feel like forceful yeah
but if you ever find ostrich egg put
went on the inside of it absolutely but
we still have an hour last song it goes
by so slow when you're not sleeping
for me quick we are going to the pool
Andy who decided to you attempt this
homemade panel you can barely see me in
like people washed out but detail
yeah maybe here which is like really
nice video okay guys so um we are all
watching like videos and just wisss
watch movie but whenever happen to that
what is happening increasingly glitching
on its wins number came up that's what
happened man so you know what all Jamie
movie and its really that like you can
see over the real so question today what
should be hmm oh okay you can't see me
but thin markers or big markers and
markers then mark ronson burgers Haley
is going to get her basics you should
probably save six markers no my season
but yeah so don't forget to calm down
below you know the question of the day
is thin markers or sick markers we're
going to go back to watching some videos
by tomorrow
always remember to celebrate life
thanks for watching
for tailee
