time for what kami good morning you guys
I'll have to film it later but it was
like a Supergirl late last night and we
were tired but they had the palette
palette on in Camrys room all four of
them were like sleeping on the palette
and I felt so bad having to wake him I
call it a palette I said I called it
when I was growing up comment down below
if you guys call it that too a palette
like when you make a bed on the floor I
don't know why we called it that huh and
you looked at me like I'm crazy anyway
so me and body are staying in riland
room and all four girls Haley Annie
Ryland and Camry are in Tamra's room and
if I remember I'll show you how they
were sleeping Wi-Fi it was really cute
but we're up bright and early the girls
stayed up chatting all night last night
we are going to start we're shooting for
videos for videos they'll be up soon on
different channels on Brooklyn and
Bailey channel maybe on Camrys channel
Haley's channel any channel we don't
have a schedule yet for when they're
going to be posted but we're filming
them all today
day full of fun video like makeup and
slime and something with a slip and
slide and gymnastics I think that's what
I heard miss Mindy's a so it's going to
be a fun day a lot of a lot of laughing
and goofing off I'm sure so we're going
to get to taste artist I did bring a
straightener you want straight Matt in
Austin sure I'm straightening hair good
morning we have that shoot our first
video for the day
no clue yet no I just kind of roll with
it and there's Brady I got that right
uh-huh
Nutella fun
but I missed we went to go get slimed
flip lives how many trips is your beauty
guys done - oh but don't think I miss
much you must have just started part
real oh you guys stay tuned just going
on your Channel Brooklyn Bailey Channel
okay we'll put links down below we're
doing a little behind the scenes yeah
so we'll put a link down to Brooklyn and
Bailey's channel so you guys can be sure
to not miss this and then later we're
doing something visit for Kamri channel
do you know it okay Camery channel
perfect yeah me alright oh yeah keep it
rolling keep it rolling and you're going
to have some stuff for Annie's channel
and Bailey's channel and their I can't
quite right waiting for the Sun to pass
but you know Hailey's cartwheel is
probably the funniest thing I've seen in
a long time stay tuned for that
the Sun came out and like washed washed
them all out or waiting for some better
lighting but it was a circle meanwhile
she's just playing it so on Ariel that
would be crazy
hurry they're bringing us there for
doubt this should be fun all right you
guys it's getting good we've laughed a
lot I've done that oh yeah that's a good
one you need to get back and I'm going
to take a good one there it's going to
be fun so the next video that we're
recording is climb not my arms or with a
twist
yeah we got Ryland and Camry and Hailey
and Annie on this one better light than
normal ginormous shirts that you guys
totally convinced I am so there's
everything you need
and besides spoon Anna can you look and
make sure it is a new awesome it's going
to be funny so if you has a rosy hue I
supposed to say no not that one yeah you
better talk to your guns like edit
yourself yeah you got it
oh my new frugal I wish my dad would
move further left literally you know I
really window hand
come on hi guys I'm Annie welcome back
to my channel today we're going to be
doing a not my arm line pound and I'm
gonna be I hope you get hailey violence
and hammering hey guys I don't have a
special job for you guys yeah oh and
also can we measure only channel caught
Cameron oh well this is what we need to
do to up our our videos we are good at
this camera the other since we can
reduce it makes it yeah definitely we're
learning guys is how you learn hello you
work with other people and you work
together yeah see how other people date
about nice young doing what is what
green and red even Rose yeah Green Road
Michael Brown
oh my bro was bloom explode with primary
color alright what is red and yellow
yeah alright
Paul she's a home alright you guys ready
good yeah I gotta get into the shirt and
we'll just as well
alright way I feel this movement hammer
be advising you guys ready right yeah
you might have to put your arms down
might need to move your never close to
each other maybe try a hide behind
you're not supposed to have to see
though you're suddenly behind her this
is done while we do remove right ready
all for a good musically gonna it's
amazing alright don't not on that thank
you thanks
teamwork the team effort I think she's
got it but it's going to be amazing
so what are ya'lls musically account
Camerino Noel and okay and of course
Inez they made some musically today so
what Inez is press handstand seven so
we'll put some info down below so you
can follow everybody's journey the very
team effort here they're gonna they're
determined to get this we had lunch
Panera it was delicious and we're about
to film our video soon it's a makeup
video it's going to be super exciting
I took it right you said you don't want
to film this one right sure
okay so it's going to go ahead again
both the videos we film are both going
on Annie's because Haley doesn't want to
do one which is fine guys we're here not
only this way okay my friends you see
might see a blindfold and some makeup so
you got to go check their channel out
see what is going on here that's
something good it's something good
something I'm not going to tell you have
to wait be patient go subscribe while
you wait oh my goodness how much weight
how many rounds are you doing okay then
yeah a tuned you guys that's all I have
to say is stay tuned we're prepping for
our fourth and final
vote video and we're doing it it's going
to be math going to tell you
and we're stealing this dog don't tell
them they didn't hear me say that
alright it's cleanup time around here
and of course boomerang times don't get
our faces what rent you got to rinse
better so we can get you in the shower
you can't go in like that oh that really
turned out cute sauces oh now she's
great I love how she attacks her because
you guys know how it works you can do
whatever you want then she attacks
Cameron and cameras back on the floor
again not Springs
that's cool you like it anyone yeah it's
a bounty Menard yeah that's not cool and
that's what you people on OK and look at
that well stare like that it doesn't
pretty bouncy
I know and you're still bouncing yeah
hold up who are you here never ever do
know and if you're not that was awesome
did you take it inside okay Paisley so
it doesn't get dirty
yeah okay I on that yeah don't take your
eye off of it okay I'll be in good hands
he's a very good flying babysitter
inside Ariel's out there on that bounce
track we need a Big Bounce track to here
we go you can use your money to buy one
go chop hailey who's next
Rylan Stern hey my temper you yeah I'd
like what wow that was actually pretty
close
good job yeah good idea I knew it I'm
gonna get a bouncy me I guess my dress
is in place yes what yeah I can do with
your hat almost had that with no hands
so this was a slip'n slide earlier and
now it's being used for what it's
purposes yes well technically I being
years it was that was that was pretty
amazing what is she gonna do this is
scary
oh wow hailey I feel like she quit
gymnastics and got better immediately I
don't know if that's a nice thing to say
or not but I feel like kind of the truth
like she's like more motivated to well
that would be rude of me to say yeah but
yeah I'm all kind of mean today Wow
I'd on a line you got bubbles
I'm ready an area with hands I'm super
amazing
Oh would you suck it yeah you would have
fallen very good hey I can do that if
you have to do that now that let me see
your hands fan oh yeah
you're right it's a good tip you guys
wow that was really good
step right up miss Ryland not bad my
turn to do a handstand I can do a
handstand well let's see your head
you know I hurt my wrist a little bit
mama to beat that oh come on Gina
yeah you can have a success in it
got it dad our dad we round off you I
feel like we I'm gonna fly now we went
outside and actually Riley got her back
in a spring on the road like tighter
like
like little weird very sick cow button
right there
excellent that was good all right well
my battery lights blinking so there's a
great time for a question of the day
what's your favorite song we're singing
Tom jumped um safe and sound by telling
anything by who
Ed Sheeran and you like shape of you
screaming anything VIPRE gonna be me
oh yeah anything vibes uh I think I
heard all that yeah you're right
Brooklyn and Bailey are pretty amazing
they would probably give us a concert if
they were here too but all right guys
see you tomorrow I think we're going to
the zoo yes tune in see you then always
remember to celebrate life hey babe
thanks for watching freak Haley
