today I'm Batali if it's a house I'm
gonna freak out
oh my gosh of them yeah oh good morning
everybody
not with Winnie and this is TD and Piper
is protecting the food I presume grouchy
wit Piper ever show me your face
look she's alpha dog over there and it's
something smells in here and I think
it's her
hi pretty now she's going to lay down
good girl Piper so we're on our way to
take the little poochie's to the kennel
they're staying in the kennel this time
because some of them need shots
so it's just easier that way oh good yes
she's so pretty like when you flick
their little ears that be careful and
then we're going to go pick a knee up
we're going to get Haley and go straight
to the airport so she this is a a very
tight trip no we told them where we're
going and who we're seeing we hinted at
in all the ones on this video we're
going to Dallas one of the nicest
families on YouTube
I saw dogs will say the mid-nineteen
another me oh I do and if you don't over
the McKnight's are cute girl hairstyles
or Brooklyn and Bailey or Camry Noelle
and they just have this big happy family
and they're just good people and we're
going to go hang out with them they were
nice enough to invite us out there
and then we're going to my mom's house
the he's excited he actually did all the
arranging so that's guy doesn't be like
a little Mother's Day treat all right
now let's stop the mommy and daddy
vlogging why would you ever want to stop
and we're gonna get to the kids okay
what happened back here now six-one she
has the car exploded
alright yes we are
I'm tired wiggle so we word another
airport I wanna sleep on the plane so
like a really long flight until you so
long flights around like oh and I like
sleep the whole ride and be almost wide
awake now you slept the whole ride you
just be enough to just like a little bit
last time
she loves lemon Annie and I have had a
thing with lemon lately lemon bars
that's kind of like a lemon bar I bought
those when I found out when I was on
that diet who volunteers to drive when
we get there
the pilot he's gonna fly the lane no try
oh and check this what Texas y'all open
is our Texas accent I wasn't talking
Cabana thats on my end of October yeah
salut so you did not know Texas like a
cowboy is horses sorry Andy don't get
their voices but it's not so cool does
it use their shoes growing up in Texas
yeah just called the road Oh anybody for
the hotel Haley approves of your life oh
it's cold and rainy you going oh go let
me go
go clean go it does look like these flow
but he's not
they're leaving us and I'm all zoomed in
bad cameraman thanks Haley
oh yeah she's a rebel oh happy naturally
yes we did while you guys were cool and
Jim but yep
are you cute they're becoming pros at
this checking in their bag I feel like
they could do it probably without us but
I don't want that to happen yet but I
feel like they could already we're doing
like acrobatics
thank you ma'am all right here flip that
through their head
thank you right through there watch out
I do not feel anything until you make
sure what you feel not feel you know you
don't feel here okay so you peel heals
here
I was really interested
yeah all right now put them together you
do it without messing up or should I do
it okay make me nervous
perfect I really get now are you passed
away
oh don't buy your trash bag oh oh I
think I threw those away last time
because of your claim ticket
it should say don't be silly don't like
Katie do not throw away so that we make
sure that neither our bags okay
now my dreaded security line I hate it I
hate it I hate it
Airport lullabies the kind of lullaby
you're singing her what what kind of
lullaby a baby singing her talk about
baby I swear this is how they're going
to walk down the aisle and she gets
married just like that Queen Kong oh
yeah Haley got me this is not an
advertisement whistling oh really you
know when I'm going to take a minute and
address those little advertisements we
do we try to only do advertisements
where we think that you guys would be
interested in finding out more about our
products or ones that we really like
like it would make sense like Nintendo
we got some Nintendo fans that are
watching Lincoln's not Nintendo but yeah
like they're not all ads we like to
bring you guys information on things
that we think that you might never have
heard now you may never have heard of
swing Kong but Haley says swing Kong and
now you might it might end up in your
favorite game
trying to get all of the characters you
can use a character you're and you try
to get your best court story and get up
senato more exactly really think we're
Borden
I think we're lining up so we're going
to get going I thought I'm making it out
yep they're lining up all right here we
go Nexus here we cartwheel into Texas
we're not to Texas yet of course we're
just getting on the plane to Texas
ethanol could wear to okay Palin hey no
more because we're near the end of I
don't want some poor innocent soul to be
kicked
you
we're sitting again right after the play
and we're tired pretty much color Anjali
yeah yeah you should get like this is it
like much it's gonna be like get blown
up
I'm gonna get along here oh I thought
you were going to be asleep so we're
here Oh hour later than we should have
been our plane was delayed and good
times good times always an adventure I
only hate this the first time you've
come to somebody's house like what if
it's the wrong house I always have that
see articles on first okay thank you
good luck like what if it's the wrong
house and it's late it's like maybe it
needs even a 1040 at night as you can
see here is yawning how awkward wait
mama right now we show they're gonna
call the cops on us
it's creepy show creepy you you guys are
my good doctor new dog is it your house
I'm gonna freak out
we want them guys them
who made the brownies yeah okay okay
we're gonna Brown a Cooper's baseball
early I love I love a good brownies I'm
going to just taste are your ball
quality control over there mm-hmm
are you sure that you all make it the
same they're pretty good they're warm
tiny happy so yes we are finally here
with everyone and yeah I have two purses
a day but I had no clue what to do so
we're gonna say would you rather have a
tiny dog or a big dog I say a big dog
but thinks it's a tiny dog so it gets on
your lap I say okay so don't forget to
comment down below do another part of
the day do you like big dogs or tiny
dogs bye see you tomorrow
always remember to celebrate life Hey
 based on thanks for watching
Chris Haley
