for me the ditched yes there's a little
tiny like no haired babies in there oh
okay come on one two three four
super babies I'm pretty sure she's you
head but I feel like I don't see anymore
a little break from school see the
Finchley on week 32 in math 31 and math
should we just add that conversation
she's like what taking a little break to
show
Teddy it is diff yeah something wrong
prudence oh my gosh it's so heavy can't
even lift it how to get that out of here
I don't know
I think the dogs went outside and going
to go outside all right it's going to be
a good day I can feel it guys if you
weren't watching yesterday's video we
made a big kitty pool it was a small
kitty pool but it's a lot of lot for
slime full of slime I mean I don't know
Haley brought it in when we're cleaning
kind of you can see this but it's
bulging this is bulging I don't know how
long we're gonna have to keep be able to
keep this in here so we're sansa fiying
it up oh that's a lot I guess not
considering how much slime there is oh
yeah are you a big fine expert this your
first time dealing with as much fun yeah
and we thought that other tub with a lot
yeah oh I measured it again
Alex put water in I'm sorry the sun is
shining through here and the lights
really bad I thought you guys want to go
outside and play I just wanted to sit in
the Sun fun always comes yesterday and
he's kind of doing school I got a 90 on
her math test less than two weeks to go
on math and she'll probably you'll
probably get that done in about a week
I'd say all your math you think you'll
be done in a week yeah since we're going
out of town this weekend and you're not
go to work on it yeah all right halation
almost sighs oh my gosh yeah I was a
school year
good just started with curriculum oh my
gosh
they just seems like so long ago no no
plans yet for an international trip
comment down below where we should go
well you do a little girl school you
read is hot you ready to go on the boat
well we always want to get home but I'm
almost done oh my gosh you guys today's
a day on a spur-of-the-moment I must end
your decision
yeah I'm les Volta go say this is the
day we test it okay oh my gosh it makes
me nervous
all right let us know working supposedly
ooh
come on you got it Oh can all kinds of
noise make a noise he leaves me still
hon thanks it's going the boats in the
water and they're just still cleaning
and I'm like holding it here so here's
the moment of truth you guys what do you
guys what do you think and I think it's
going to start stop a good sign if it
and then the design is going to start
when it starts I wasn't sure if that
meant that it is started now thanks
wiping bird poop off we'll get a hose
it's good we'll let it know we'll let
the water run when we get out okay I
know I know if you're going on the flood
anyway remedy she brought it just in
case you didn't hear
just in case we can clean that's right
it's in clay bowls case we'll clean it
okay let's get going yeah we probably
need to go down a little further I was
just saying we started to float come
back in we got a municipal water goes
down any right now when we come back
daily Pietro
we're not expert voters you guys were
wondering fairly beginner Annie you need
to get a life jacket on when you come
back on I will do the things office well
that was really good
it all comes back to you just go out
well I'll see how long we have to wait
before we have to get Haley we need to
make sure we're back in plenty of time
we have an hour and 30 minutes before we
have to leave but we need to be back in
like an hour
okay one hour power I love this time of
year
like the waters cold yeah the breeze is
pretty chilly are you going to get in
so I don't anyway it is cold I promise
you that I promise you it's going to be
pushed first day on the boat
how would you put that around your wrist
crease it was around my wrist but I
couldn't see what I was filming look at
that boat I got boat envy over there hey
guys it's really lovely
oh my gosh we're going to head back and
one of a half ago get hailey the other
one has to take a knee to Jim so here we
I'm going to say go when he is about
going go okay just when we wanted to be
home we're home safely a successful trip
would they do these jobs I want handles
off grab you might be getting a new deck
soon are we hot the deck is falling
apart it's like a boards on the deck for
fall is just bad so
women up there I'll see to the new deck
when we bought yeah
and this this is getting replaced too
but I win but anyway
success we didn't know I was shaking it
out because it had like all these I said
were Hamish deadly oh my gosh warming a
car drove him oh jeez everything was so
good oh okay guys so today my mother is
going to pack for some upcoming trips
and I'm just getting some stuff set
well alright we are back at it again we
unpack would you longer be repacked oh
bathing suit what else we want to bring
everything I bring all your clothes your
whole closet all your little cat ears
okay there's a need not really cat hair
ears long koala that we're calling them
okay so jewelry okay
bathing suit house already I feel like
the hall we need jewelry and bathing
suit I mean koalas
hey guys I'm ready fridge I'm going to
gym now and we finish packing a little
bit right wow you're finished packing a
little bit right we're pretty much
somebody back
click me I put some like in that's
what's up baby on it so it's not mixed
up so it's going to look like a big pile
of like water and stuff because it's
like soaking in Pacino is correct
see I put like that stuff in it it's
like a mixin up that like a disgusting
it was yellow and blue mixed together I
had both soaked and it looks really bad
but you know it's fine just kind of mix
it and about feeling it right now well
so um in the car now and I found this
fuzzy ball not even buckle it cuz I
wanted you guys said yes and I guess
Italia but now it's mine so sitting
there for a while
how broader than likkle highlights
haven't wanted how lager and buckle
three one two three
come on yeah who are sitting here the
form is because they're like paste up a
little bit
could've been made you know yeah I saw
you if you wear those green tights one
more day or leggings whatever they are
one more day and I was going to pack
that shirt oh well
you need help
where's daddy oh you lost your father
again supposed to be watching him
you line two in line again you're
Jennifer day hi Jenna how are you do you
know him you do you're ready to film
with me yeah no yeah okay then don't say
you're ready
later tonight probably
how many nervous you got to go wash your
hair though they don't want to see ya
look a little girl with dirty hair
unless you're supposed to be playing a
little girl with dirty hair then keep it
dirty
does anything about dirty hair and
they're they're ready to play they're
ready to play I'm coming out here to get
some some fresh air with my hey hey who
looks like a monster she wants to go
jump on the trampoline come on my friend
because we gotta leave to get Annie soon
the neighbors are getting some trees
trimmed up I think so it's been a little
noisy today whoo I love that you can
just come out here and flip now you've
gotten all sophisticated with your
flippin
whoa what is your best trick you think
you have tuck that shirt in that's me
yeah
getting pretty good get homework no you
don't you were thinking about that like
what do I say to make her believe I
don't you don't you really don't I don't
know let's go check that's the
responsible but you can't remember as
you know I will let you go do one front
handspring some front stuff and then we
need to go on the ground it's the same
thing at the front walkover that's my
two feet you had to run him no it's
pretty much a handstand walk yeah but
you guys do a little spring and it's two
feet
you got a block a little ah close go
downhill a little bit downhill run
you jump in
is she a smart she'd go somewhere else
where I couldn't see her and pop up all
right Homer time what you got what's the
verdict cookie 75 pages I don't believe
you is at page 75 do you mean math my
goodness that math book has seen better
days
look II mean it's a mess that book is
like all torn up yeah
look at it now do you have a cover
anymore you shouldn't judge it by that
good advice never judge a book by it's
cover you never know what's inside right
just like don't judge people till you
get to know them because it's what's
inside that matters okay it does Haley
okay okay okay okay look at his little
feet aren't they sweet and then you see
this oh you just have a bath too I fit
in why would you envision such a nasty
thing she's going to finish this no and
then we're gonna go get any and why is
what it was 65 hmm no nine minus four oh
right but that was good I'm not the tide
you said 65 because if you don't like it
gets confusing there yeah when I was
little I made that mistake a lot oh you
gave yourself a heart don't your
teachers not gonna be like what is she
doing I can't Oh
520 okay different camera angle versus
I'm just not like gg gz can't let you
have all the fame
oh geez hey Lee did the wrong page so we
had one problem on the wrong page but
then the one we did on the right page
was pretty much the exact same question
so she knew it right away she knew the
answer
geez okay geez Louise they make that
sense because that looks like just 55
and there's a difference between 55 and
50% to put the decimal in front because
that's not I did know in front o make it
look like this one actually sees you
stab the camera I don't like stabbing
you in the eye
well it's not as bad of stabbing a human
and I don't don't look twice Haley is a
hurricane we're going to when we got a
little girl we pet her we patent her
sometimes
okay there's like okay stop petting her
activation it got really weird really
quickly like awesome
you soar oh okay fine I'll just Pat you
again
would you rather be pet or be tickled
hey you come here I'll tickle you come
here
I love your laugh Oh what are the
birdies do it did you see the bird you
want to are you picking through the bird
yeah I think I want to be in a party
Oh careful careful out there
yes I'm one you did you film no circle
hey guys so we're ready for bed and
we're going to Haley's room to wrap up
yeah here we are
I have the this or that that book
come on stop stop cut past her and
singing songs or playing war games
woo singing song singing song don't
forget to come in a little because we
want to know the question of the day is
Oh pass the time singing songs or
playing mmm
peace out always remember to celebrate
life hey babe
thanks for watching
Rick Haley
