time for what cami Oh guys we had a
catastrophe our totally decided to blow
up so we had a plumber here six and
everything and yeah that's how life
works and thanks hello my friends we are
deciding which years we want to wear
today
go to school no she's home from school
change out of the uniform we're going to
ice cream good is a beautiful day out
and Annie's at Jim
she stayed all day today what happened
what is it
you got a po Pipo con your eye all right
so Haley and I are going to go spend
some quality time can you pick the ears
off stuff Laura so they don't get messed
up quality time eating ice cream daddy's
doing a few things here except trickle
the beauty mark just put them like up
there so they don't get stepped on so
we're going to go spend some time
together well daddy get some stuff done
this is the aftermath of traveling and
it's not much is going to change when we
pack up again basically tomorrow I'm
gonna start packing up again for the
next trip okay so plumbers working
downstairs daddy's on a phone call we're
going to get ice cream so that we're not
loud it's a beautiful day okay Oh Sam
talking that's where he's off with this
on the living room floor we have this
office and he sits on the floor since I
dress me walk no it's too far to walk
I'm serious not yeah it is run no it's
definitely not runnable yeah I don't
like to rush right
I'm learning new Jessica Hahn I think
that door just locked by itself daddy's
got so many like gadgets and Technology
things running through this house but I
did not push the button but I'm pretty
sure it locked on its own yes you guys
would useful if you guys have ever
watched our videos before um you know
that Haley and I like the same kind of
ice cream different cone was the same
kind of ice cream we get oh my goodness
come on camera there she is
we get chocolate ice cream with
chocolate sprinkles Haley gets a regular
cone I get the bed well I don't know why
I called it bad but you know and then
daddy we're going to take him home a
root beer
what's the stuff called oh jeez contra
Italian ice are not coffees are not I'm
afraid you need something in your life
right now knocking yeah good thing I got
them these horrible
there you go my friend you just use all
the Africans yeah I really you gave your
nephews one so I love you Haley that's
why I love you you're a mess I love all
your messes I'd go nuts if I didn't love
all your muscles
she's a hurricane guys really high
sometimes you still get surprised that
I'm filming I don't know why you're like
looking at me like I've got something to
tell you we said smiling you're like cuz
I like his smile we said that one
rolling your eyes
I wasn't my eyes you are making stuff up
about me how is Jim had a full day
I'm absolutely all day and what weaker
you a mouth now hey 33 32
there is no 33 huh oh there is other
three I was thinking 30 I don't know
what I was thinking that wasn't me and
ready take attach or weak 30 and then
you run 31 and dirty dude what do you
want on everything else I have no
glasses done in a while Isis has been
focusing on them and about our to last 2
week has have been crazy and this
weekend oh my goodness you're just I'm
probably got to get an extension for you
let's be honest right just do it you
know finish like a couple weeks after I
think they're done by mid pick the third
week in June we'll be good last week yes
you think you finish in July didn't you
so I think this year went better and
it's my first year yeah first year of
doing that curriculum so I think we did
pretty good and I've been on a lot of
tracks here when I start I can be like
because it first like we got it I only
do like one thing in each subject right
you've got a system now it's just oh one
of those things all right we're gonna go
home I know we have dinner directly
right away do you might as well I can
believe you can it's not an order it's
just I don't know if they start early
though all to find out my voice most
will be like suffering it's so funny
because like I don't know if you haven't
yet but it's like I'm already raspy and
but I did the two things that Whitney
Houston owe us I'm talking to nobody
okay well guess I'm just gonna go in
okay
AJ what did you bring me Oh Whitney what
in the world how he's a dirtiest would
be white look at didi she just came over
and dropped her drive on my friend as a
chewed up pen good job Gigi I'm so proud
mm-hmm
how many have you had of this is on oh
look she's only allowed to have one yeah
whatever not at one time you can't just
sit here and say I'm gonna have one a
bead on one of these I got fruit too is
that it's one of those big Teddy Grahams
all right that's cool how much you think
he's going to need oh no I'm moving up
so I know much more do have in the world
yeah you guys I don't know if this is
going to work I could take a long time
to get that consistency right and Annie
and Haley are you have to be the pros
and telling us what this is they think
it needs and daddy will have to be like
the math in his head it's going to be an
experiment hopefully it works out we can
get some sort of slime oh yes those were
slime lines here
maybe I like that attitude or maybe too
hard or maybe got to lose man we're
going to do slime first and then dinner
so that we don't run out of daylight I'm
getting the camera ready and we're going
to get out pre slime jumpy agent Annie
made self tanner somehow I don't know
how and now it's giving her a rash
there's always something around here
this is that guys look at all this I
don't know if this is enough is this
enough there's an activator shaving
cream stirs glue I don't know what kind
of doing baby oil a little bit of food
coloring that probably won't call her at
all but that's okay dish soap camera
excitement whoo clap clap
stick it why you gotta say bow for the
help - you guys are okay yeah
okay let's get started not white holy
moly
alright that's a wrap of the flying
video let's just turn that off this is
everything in this bucket is slime how
many pounds of slime
160 eighty hundred honey they brighten
times we're going to push off on the
bottom Pakistan has we're losing
daylight all right we got it up to a
shoulder right now we're into every
trashcan bet down Oh
to save it okay good luck I'm gonna spot
daddy look at all that
I think I'm successful oh we did it I
wasn't sure it was going to work it did
were not working for me oh my gosh
he thinks I buy the 100 good do them all
right well are you going to bring it in
here or you can leave it there for the
night
it's staying there all right yes we did
it we got to go clean up now gotta get
Haley out of the bathtub she thinks
she's getting out of cleaning but she's
not you guys want to go out there now
not don't we clean up the glue we could
police off
there goes nailed it I take - oh my gosh
GG is on the house she knows now
you guys it was been singled out whore
group you got it go bathe my friend and
then go to bed
here's I get out I can't see it I
already saw a little man Olivia alright
what could be the question of the day
Haley come hang out with us alright
peace
she's stealing our dogs are not mainly
mine okay Gigi I mean Williams over here
question of the day is do you want curly
hair or straight hair look you guys we
have probably not in a while Annie don't
is jackal makes it work really evil is
awesome
curly or straight straight curly or
straight straight I'm gonna go with
curls big big curls okay so I feel like
it was a successful day Croesus girl he
says curly GG says true I know that so
dire that I don't know what words I'm
saying so that I don't hurt your sister
tomorrow oh don't hurt your sister yeah
it was a good day I'm ready for that
flying video stay tuned she's so cute
alright my friend yeah we'll see you
tomorrow
it's been a good day see you later bye
bye I'm waiting inside you and your
curly or straight hair five I know by
birth what have every good okay private
what do you do when guys are beautiful
oh there we go okay how much just Pat me
already
adios my friend always remember to
celebrate life thanks for watching Chris
Haley
