time for what cami good morning
someone's actually got a smile on her
face for 6:30 in the morning actually
it's more closer to 7:00 I think now if
I got you up at 6:30 this is our morning
crew morning faces give me your best
morning face mom yeah that's morning oh
yeah oh yeah worth it
let's go get SIDS morning face oh Sid
and mr. Chuck's got pancakes go in and
this Jill got eggs go in the morning
good morning ladies Oh mr. Chuck where's
your mind morning face oh yeah good good
that's good miss Carrie you got a
morning face oh I heard a so Oh miss
Carrie when my guys only fair to show my
morning face I dreamed of good with
Katie
Mia loves me and I love Mia yeah you
know it's Kaminey
that steaming hot look and half of the
other guys look pretty cousin after
maybe yeah she just rolled out of bed
hey glad you could join us
do you want some pancakes eggs doughnut
all of the above look at that clear dad
right there player dad Borden emerge
church oh yeah Oh kanata hood all right
you guys day to a playlist one day
princess cutie wipe off man she's pretty
even without her makeup on yes Jack
Bailey we're in paint going here's a
flare on to Raj
can we walking like a army left left
left right left face apply your flare
face
y'all this year we're on the main stage
my friends we are a main stage for DC
but deseed probably I think has less
people then Orlando's just grown and
bigger has always been here these needs
a little newer so I hope this equipment
can be arranged
I mean I mean they know we're performing
right we'll just be polite we've got
this like who is up there
Oh flare it's miss Carrie and her flare
girl are you ready to get flared up it's
art and favorite part although I think
she's starting to like it I think for my
hair I'm gonna like straight in it yeah
what are the ideas braids I can listen
I'm going to create banana size you want
step big ponytail so she can whisper I'm
great like this and then they put yeah
yeah oh my god master the sweetest thing
you've ever done not and you're hot H
AWP hi ha she's goss's Alexa Alexa you
got this yeah what they're so goofy
hey why is here there you go the ways in
the audience in Canada alrighty starts
away sorry
Garza wave there you go ok it's a
waterfall just tell them waterfall don't
know what waterfall me any nice agree I
would say flow tried again thanks my
friend
why did the light will be better to like
it'll be like flashing lights and
alright so they're working on just
getting used to the stage before they
run through hole because there's
equipment that isn't in this carries
carry studio and all kinds of stuff
Why What hey you looked amazing
everybody looks amazing hotel room to
her where's the flare room bathroom a
little chaotic logistics please yeah
something what you know okay so somebody
can bring it yeah okay it's not in
tomorrow oh great it like I didn't
forget this damn forgot my badge I
forgot dead of this rose it's alright we
got this we gotta all right who's ready
to get flared up all right you guys this
video is going to be out but it when I
signed by Hayley each girls signing
their glasses they're going to try to
attempt to carefully throw into the
crowd over like a 4-foot gap and to
avoid without hitting any electronics
that's right city but there's been you
agree yes I thought really don't hit the
TV but I'm done before you even started
like gotta get over here done I know
look at all the whole easels legit and
professional my baby how do I work
around here
it's beautiful about beautifulness that
none of these girls need any of this
it's just for fun they're little
different are you guys looking up
hairstyle look at it great value and
when girls I don't here's the deal
I like the idea of the braids but I
don't want everybody in break yeah I
think there should be hair and like my
main two or three right yeah I don't
know everything we're going to talk
about it oh yeah number one six To Go
yes turn around right over here comes
out lighting bad over there yes Haley
Haley with a bun thank you there's LexA
you're in yeah you need to find this or
you know you signed your loss of our
we're excited yeah put him on see father
okay I'm going to go type in awesome
good oh my god
I don't tell me books are very holistic
mom oh sorry is it sandy after right is
going to be with it I know this is all
after that players already performed
what I won't film it we got baby leg
you're going to invent ing to get our
arms your friend Amy that hair of the
face so she can whip that hair and super
super great helps good already right you
could be like that every day but there's
more to be done
yeah it's like going to take it to the
next level you got all that handle
promoting the dance
those people buying a ticket oh my god
shameless yelling a recent McDonald's
like because I'm like heaven we will get
you in okay are they coming to the
performance now you got two extra people
all right yeah you said it their biggest
fear was no on it use this five extra
but you said you're always afraid that
no one going to show up more performance
yeah at least I'll be there though okay
yeah
she's everywhere I remember the first
year again is only back here but the
first year you guys are like you will be
having all right now we're starting to
put costumes on oh she's gone and we
missed it and got snack
hello resolve them together
change like a unix ago no I like the
belt I liked about a lot Barney or I
think you love to I think I love the
leggings like no I like the belt man
mm-hmm I feel you need to be tighter but
like I asked actually I think very fine
you're going to fall
no yeah I was like the most glam I feel
so make sure you get plenty of look in
the thing and I guess you're really very
discrete up keeping a good night hahaha
no I'm not a fan
sorry not wisely oh oh oh you are clean
nose on your leg where we go
with our crew so we left the rest of the
gang upstairs getting ready they weren't
quite ready it all come down Wimmer
hyeri's your lights line have you ever
worn hoop living and I was just like
period this is a most glammed up player
yet yeah what do you feel like you
realize too much I mean it's good for
stage right if you could I was no I
would let you go on stage on submission
page like I don't normally wear makeup
like this I'll be on the main stage with
fiber boards at 140 come see me do it
Annie I woke up like well I mean it just
looks like a joke
okay
Oh
Oh
oh very long
rock star feeling we're talking about
the finale on these we've got a little
surprise like if it ends up being down
here and rubbing onto that if you don't
care I like this yeah you don't have a
mom so what's the secret like this
secret is there putting eye black on
their wrists and at the end they're
going to do this BAM all right this is
the part where Flair and our entourage
comes down and gets on the golf cart
all right my friend I'd like to take a
picture right here okay let's do it more
nervous with pictures looking good good
oh my gosh she's giving you a hug it's a
miracle
that doesn't happen very often usually
runs from him yeah so on the force is a
long awkward hug okay you got to go okay
Annie she's got her ankle and she when
you did the back tuck do a back
handspring yeah sound hurt yourself
when you're green a serious are you
serious okay
and even ankle Turner Haley's up in the
straddle nurse curtain here ripping oh
no really
all right Annie like fat well here's the
deal this is me all right
a little nervous I tweaked our angle on
a standing back tuck don't know what
she's going to do on stage but we're
trying not to let the makeup run can't
talk are you feeling pretty good so this
is a little dramatic run room whoo all
right I'm heading down I need hug from
everybody good luck
I'm a kid anyway you're going to also
thank you because you lost thank you
every we're going to do so good and no
matter what happens huggy hey you guys
right we're the lecture of good luck
Alexa go get the group hugs
good luck Arden
the surprise is going on there's the I
black like I have been on yet but I'm
going to get you're going to get some
Alexa the first guinea pig here's no
kind of Oh Haley got it my dad I'm just
late for the game that's all are you
excited about the I block I'm excited to
see how it looks I think they're going
to be like blue all right my guys
all right they're going to learn the
plasma for musically
silly Andy once ago to the musical
irrationality 240
we're getting the eye black off men
touched up page brought some touch up
are you doing on Monday Harding - let me
hang in the friend never bad like the
whole way through
I know when you look to it you guys look
sterling my Eibach everywhere no is that
like right here and it's like almost
beta do this and then then when you flip
your hand over you my god oh and you
guys can see we're back at the house
flared 3.0 is a wrap
got a lot going on we got a cookout
going out going on got some board is an
organization of the bracelet lots going
on here a lot I'm starving all diseases
fine
okay it looks delicious
everything looks so good the frozen
hamburgers look dulles hoagie dip you
guys what does this mean she's a inside
out stuff
looks like okay Carrie we'll just go
around you we're starving we are on our
way to universal night and we're
snapping because that's what cool people
do oh my gosh and being artsy I guess
George and yes oh no that's right
I
very funny
what's wrong Annie not enough not
feeling that all right that right ahead
12 o'clock that's our ride we got some
excited kid aah hand is excited Annie
how you feelin excited about that that
was really fun
oh my gosh it goes like straight up I
don't know guys
don't let go your phone when you robbed
I'll hold your phone you got your phone
right
the Seaworth deeper wet so we know that
only means one thing really cool yeah
for sure
Oh
we
so I already told her no because my
ankles really really hurt like I can't
walk on we find ourselves in Harry
Potter world touted called as an e told
you her ankles not feeling great with
all this walking she said it's like out
of three but no when she's not on it but
higher when she's walking on it oh he's
giving a little massaging massage Ken
home sweet home
we left she was asleep in the car for
the last five minutes
question of the day what's your favorite
roller coaster ride I know we've done it
before but I don't care cuz it's so late
I'd say Thorin or California screamin
okay I don't let the kids answer twice
so unless a cowboy now calibrated
screamin an evil Superman blankie in bed
oh just so everybody knows I guess I
should whisper Cazares by sleep I've got
to mention Haley stayed here tonight
with Miss Carrie okay because she
doesn't like rollercoaster so none is
answer Annie
let's get your maker Boston to bed good
night we have an early flight I would
remember to celebrate life
hi jungbaek Bay thanks for watching
Chris Haley
