time for me good morning everybody oh
there's Arden it's early not early early
cuz we had a late night who's awake
Annie and Mia are in here that one Katie
and Mia wearing a little ones this is a
little ones bed where are some little
girls no little girls in here oh good
morning Paige oh stop looking so cute
this early look at you good morning Ryan
pate has already dressed with makeup on
and worked out and I haven't even
brushed my teeth oh yeah I'm getting my
hair true I was I just went up and I'm
like oh I better film something I
haven't even brushed my teeth is she
still asleep Haley he woke up before
Annie this this room is so pretty yeah
she slept in here with you oh that's so
cute
one day she'll give that blankie up
probably not I don't think she's ever
gonna give it up ah love her I love it
it's beautiful I'm excited to see
outside like I'm during the day yeah
knocky knocky good morning good morning
I think it's precious
you guys ready I'm swimming today
well not I'm just probably laying out
maybe I women yeah oh yeah I could get
on the Swan perfect good plan I'll be
like hey I'm gonna wear a sign that says
I'm not getting in the water half of our
people went over to the venue I've been
here the Tyler keeps asking us why do
you guys keep saying venue
it is right to playlist
they went over to playlist and they
picked up the tickets
Arden says the hotel and half of us are
just kind of waking up yeah so with the
outside sometimes it comes down to the
egg waffles
that's the waffle making station over
here uh Tierney is already dressed and
ready for the day
so I don't know what's going on with you
slackers I said Jojo Bobo Arden was
hiding in here yeah you could it's
really big
yeah it is that was funny how did you
know someone was in there I saw a news
I'll make our mouth Oh contortionist
there's very flexible body again there's
a whole life or hex like so much time
that is funny
oh my god is it is it's varying there's
no not here oh my gosh it won't close oh
we have to do it just like a hands
sticking out oh yeah it is asleep and
we're gonna prank everybody today that's
gonna be we're gonna be the bread box
play bed bread box crank that's hard to
say Frank
you just pincers huh it's crazy
we just they just prank miss Jill say
butter yeah yes what what was it you
were you in there and he just busted out
I can't get me writing on the cheese
either why she wanted by Mikey come on
Annie come on in human being in there I
know
oh my gosh that's funny you don't have
to help her I was just kidding just
trying to get you to there's others
Donuts in there I all there was with a
human being 10 America 1 now that was so
cool you are okay no balls
I shan't help here come to the egg since
cold the rest of them are fighting
through it
I'd be like you said I'd be like it's
too cold you're trying to talk her to go
down the slide how is not good how is
Haley gonna catch her uh-huh Haley can't
stand yeah yeah yeah but Alexis at your
help oh oh that's okay perfect they're
trying to talk to your knee into going
down the slide and they're like well
catch you well we're just gonna catch
you I'll show you where
who pays a photographer yes that's not
weird of it oh gee
okay fly down yeah I don't drive
yeah we haven't figured out to turn the
flight on the hot tub what like you know
their level nine gymnast Haley like but
that's Red Bud but not you we're good
hander go so getting in line okay yeah
okay you guys Oh Valley blah that was
good it was the best belly flop
okay can't wait to see this oh oh it's
called the falling squirrel ah fun nice
tanner
oh good nice good girls so good so good
oh that's order yeah it is long I don't
think I knew it was that long it is very
long I'm really tired
guys looking at tagged photos love it
here so curly is it thick yeah very sick
I'm gonna kind of get it wet good luck
right over here we got some gymnastics
going and studying oh yeah awesome
okay 100 it's gotta go all the way
around doing some sign in Haley how's it
going Alexa you got the hang of this now
guys get you one of these Alexis cards
okay you had to call your daughter to
get a hold of her in this house
you
you
you
walk your feet hands back now yeah there
you go alright y'all kick out who's
coming down first
that was great
mr. D's turn no don't do it then you
don't have to me it you don't have to do
it I've been with mr. Billy spotting you
yeah we're live we're at a cheer
competition we're gonna go see the rock
your hair booth is that what we're doing
rock your hairs here I've never been to
a cheer competition first one we just
did dance so I'm kind of curious to see
how this goes yeah it's been a while
Sydney was a cheerleader back in the day
cute little Sydney the cheerleader we're
gonna go scope this place out little a
lot of people here like a lot yeah do
your best cheer Peyton it's pretty good
that's pretty good team go team Wow
Oh short
get so excited when your daughter's
taken your nut daughters did well down
there there's some shoe happy
cheerleaders down there there's a lot of
cheerleaders here
just
lots and lots of people here
pay no attention to the fire lane no
parking sign that did not just happen
look at me I was gonna move it if
something Hey look at her she's like
freaking out there's a no parking needy
have stopped here to grab dinner we
catered some dinner Italian side and
Annie Lennox use the restroom and we
just parked here miss Paul and Annie ran
in and I was gonna move the car you see
this this is just for me look at that
Hollow
and can I have one yeah whatever you
want I don't know
no there's a disk is it four million
people watching my dream like so I
honest you can just like a for this but
it before or just go getter for yours
dressing somewhere I don't think it's
come out yet we're waiting on cookies I
got these you think that's the biggest
I've ever seen I'm supposed to our
catering for like 20 30 people probably
hackers are so good
have you ever eaten one I hate jalapenos
it's just a banana pepper right oh oh
the video pepper or helping you those
are healthy news why is that banana
pepper the same thing no they're not as
spicy way oh no my see I don't know oh
my gosh oh oh my gosh they all monka
under under 750 like better than back
here Oh No well nobody's we just go
right what any bill to start let's eat
in the car I love you you like them you
were gonna keep are gonna be Texaco
where are you guys I'll just bear it
Brandon Berrett is your eyes start water
you're gonna yell at me she's got her
salad for real now you guys okay I just
told us the money I'm getting delirious
I think it's giving crazy it just hit me
it's all those that are you tired really
tired guys here it is and all its glory
this is what I'm starting with right
there
mmm that's my first course right there
okay very good my appetizer is your
excellent bar they say she's already
tasted them a lot going on here I have
the boys down here hey hey dude hey how
are you guys doing
pretty good he's good at I've done it
once
oh it's not in no that's not an you may
have gotten it did it go yes it is
yes yes it is look at it lift it up you
got a look inside of it she can talk
okay her mouth closed okay yeah yeah but
love her do not sway my Janus purse
it's a pretty good hey don't forget to
check out pop fellas oh no we're gonna
check out Cathy can you see ya
easy around in school he got such a good
job whose reaction started hey let's go
put on the big screen time today which
is why was it again without glasses or
braces I would do great I'd say glasses
did you can take glasses because braces
or asses I would say glasses high braces
because you can get rid of them in my
glasses
Raburn yeah now you gonna take them off
my story okay I've agreed yeah we want
to know the question of the day a search
party tomorrow
always remember to celebrate life hey ah
but baked potato baked thanks for
watching Vitaliy
