time for what cami
okay guys good morning so I'm so excited
today we got these own 23 meets so this
video is partnered with 23 me they sent
us these boxes and they are DNA test and
Katie and I've been wanting to do DNA
test so that we can you know see where
our ancestry comes from and things like
that what are you talking Katie oh oh oh
the 23andme box cakes so now we get to
this cool help an ancestry soon so you
get a statement it spits ooh that's how
you do it yes all right ready for kit
spit and discover yeah okay so what
we're gonna do to make it neat is I have
an idea is it you haven't started
planning them I waiting for these
packages that come in so we're going to
put on these cards because like I don't
know we're not going to say because
they're going to be on these cards but
Katie's family has told her what you
know what they think their ancestry is
and of course you know everybody's
family kind of thinks they know what
their ancestry is it's just going to be
really fun to see what we write on these
cards and what comes back in the dust so
I'm going to write on the card now I
just thank you don't you say oh we're
going to keep a secret
oh I'm gonna make any of them no we're
going to compare when it couldn't have
come far these early I get time capsule
sorry you guys I want don't want that
you shake you are Native American the
American Indian I've been told that this
is a widow's peak and it's like I need
of a mirror I they I mean I've heard of
Native American do I don't know that's
just something people in the USA learned
a lot so this is going to tell us this
kit is it going to
yeah I've got a lot of ownership and it
does a lot under stuff it tells you tygo
ancestry and stuff mixed up with that
video
yeah we're like your history we're like
where your family come from so if you
came from if you're needed an air Native
American that will say you're from the
US and you're Native American it also
that was reading some other stuff it
also says like how much like where
you're like facial features come from
and stuff like that and 11 it up in
being here now yes Udrih my saliva
correct a bits help - oh so like it will
show you your DNA help like what like
runs in your DNA
so 23 meter razor that's called that is
so your body is made up of 23 pairs of
chromosomes oh yeah right I don't know
if you do that did you know that like
your have enough right your chromosome
would you do it on 23rd ha for your
tears
what can I do carry on my eye on this
right so they take your saliva and they
test it and it comes back with your DNA
ancestry your genetics your DNA health
like things that run in your family
things like that this is cool because we
always want to do something like that
so other thing I'm going to do it out if
you want it so for Mother's Day they're
giving $20 off for the gifts so I'm
going to earn my mom one ah
or your mom one and then you can see how
much I can common DNA why should I know
for awesome sex week with Mother's Day
coming up to do up husband Mother's Day
or - so she better order first now I'm
already ordered by telling all right I'm
really good I'm going to take my test
and you know I don't not you want to
watch your step alright I'm going to
leave her in there too
spit in her tube and I'm going to take
my 23andme box out here I'm going to go
spit in my tube so that I can send that
off the tube was intimidating at first
it's very looks to be very big but it's
not it's just the whole tubes very big
but all you only need a little bit of it
so it's not as intimidating as it first
looked like for me if you guys want to
do the 23andme with us I guess said
earlier we're going to send in our tubes
and we're going to try to see where our
ancestors really from and we've already
written down on those cards where we
think our ancestry is from and we're
going to see if that matches up so just
go to 23andme calm /boot Haley so I just
turned on the camera and I just want to
brush with me but I forgot to brush my
hair I was too busy looking at Instagram
slide with you so method that's why it's
so messy um and we are going to a minute
of how to watch Luna get ridden for the
first time or just not ridden just digs
put on just just wanna bang paddled in a
human being
on her first time ever come on over
Amanda are you ready for this no no are
you ready for this any morning last day
they gonna be like you is what brave or
pops true you've been volunteered
you've been mamas mamas monetary problem
yeah
yeah they've been laid across her
they've been saddled her my favorite
parts her face yeah boomer how do you
feel it's going to go to see also have
no I know who I've never done it before
it's very used to be the bottom that my
mom made to Canary give up on that horse
that's made me do I'm John you I think
the discuss with his horse to have your
students really if you likes it you're a
pain in the neck when you don't get
attention in case for the games
oh it sounds like an e OH
so calm and everybody's loving yeah it's
like Winnie that's who it's more it's
more like winning look what a good girl
you are
saddle I know you don't know if you've
learned a lot that has to go on for a
horse he's only done this once excuse
hug you're being so good then right be
very good they're just a baby
you don't know sanim a family to the
baby
she's showing how good they look after
her dentist's appointment yeah proud of
those pearly white huh no no he's
building sites like and what did we said
was she just lost a little better I'll
visit nama-rasa
mm come on handsome pianist no you just
need a lot of hands
if you had extra hands I know we need
some dramatic music playing here
regarding her last walk
well over again my father here - it is
wait you're excited
what are you ready the first time you
get to ride blue
what could the buccinator like yes it's
a busmalis
get them out right now no my favorite
video you might edit assistant we would
add it to them now we're going the other
way around you have a carousel okay so
yeah I need carousel music
iq sure everything's gonna be fine oh
she's like now
you
so Amanda can get down safely right now
that's kind of cool
you've done this already my rib she said
it's like to them new how do you think
Annie she doing good come on inside if
I'm so much a so Luna yay that's the
whole trick me
laughs so sweet
you did it go any effectiveness that's
awesome come on little lady she did a
good job like sometimes they feel like
really uptight good job good job
okay she's she's winning you guys you
better it's not going to do it now that
we're filming it you're not going to she
will never ever go
you're just like Winnie sorry like why
are no whining why is you did good Luna
we'll see you next time Luna we filled
up and now we're going to shop a
different kind of shop shop for the
horse what is your problem light clothes
ought to be closed on like Mondays when
were honestly here's the main a good
luck clothes we're all like that quiet
I've been here since the last time I was
here really we haven't either
Oh flashback flashback for an eclipse
our place now suppose before I had a
horse you didn't have a wait we did have
a really good understand and out for a
while I found out it play Lizzie do you
see like a light September that many
months oh my goodness and now you have a
horse that you know of the shop for we
got to get it out of the back we got to
get it out she brought it so we can
measure we need something smaller a
little smaller than this one more but
more stretch miss Maria has given us
specific instructions
I hope Amanda we don't know what any of
that means
yes is amazing I mean it's like I'm just
kidding we're kind of weird okay so
we're looking for saddle pads so that
size which much you like one's own but
it's going to look good with Luna
singles best part is she's awesome
isolating anything is go like ask knows
not problematic right color giddyup
horsy that's it right yeah just saw
shadows clearly alright let's wrap this
up just imagine our custome do we need
treat we need to treat treats okay wrap
it up with training and all the trees I
think my favorite are you out of treats
she's Audrey have you been eating them
self all right go get treats in this
will go yeah let's remind me of our
swing at our old house I'm Anders do it
they're prettier on camera anyway Billy
got a new puppy she's so pretty
are you scared okay well I have the two
Grover in the mudroom what's your name
Sam you've got beautiful color
he's very skinny as he's very Madison
are you a rescue oh you're going to be
having a good home here
I wouldn't miss you you welcome to your
new home
oh my goodness you've got a lot of
Marley you got a new best friend someone
is he you know me to kill me to pet you
to sleep can't Pat you is leap okay go
to sleep little baby it's hard adjusting
back to this time zone so we are packing
for today left and also unpacking from
California cheese you have a lot coming
up though what do we have we have a trip
rocker playlist some I say anywhere just
checks up doctor if you do never eat at
home some take a little playlist we're
going to Texas yep then after playlist
do you mean Texas yeah
my mind is so active Texas yeah I can't
you remember we had a protecta ended
back to LA in a few weeks but the next
thing or is there some damn twink oh oh
we're going to see mom and off yeah
after yeah come on after Texas cool
right after really then we're home are
probably should we go back to LA cool
the rock your hair nails and hair that's
what's going on Haley is still asleep
she's never gonna we were laughing
really loud a second ago and it woke her
up and she like yelled a dozen grouchy
like in her sleep yelled at us so we're
going to let her sleep a little longer
oh my gosh maybe not she might be down
for the night it's 9 o'clock at night
how did this little is how did this day
get away from us all of a sudden we got
home from gymnastics packed and it's no
9 I know it's been a long day I don't
know Jim not holding oh the baby
we see when he does love you
he pretends he doesn't and he likes to
pretend to being mean to the dogs auntie
Pat she's the only one packed you are
not packed Phil Packers hilltop took
tack tomorrow an hour before we leave
for the airport must be nice
no I would love to help you you're
welcome
I see the part you're going to get your
nail polish off what's wrong with the
light um it has Ikey bubbles around
we're going to play list I think we've
said that um Sarah Dean man wins this
weight which I even announce today's
Thursday for this video goes up Saturday
if you're going to play list the girls
dance the player dances Sunday and at
140 I think of what our schedule said so
we hope to see you guys some of you guys
there all of you guys and if you all you
playlist exams well but it will keep
sticking this after you can probably go
see the video the flare video will try
to get up as soon as possible so go look
for that that might be up no that won't
be up now because we're still before duh
I confused myself but you know it's okay
what color are you going sparkly some
cool minute winter you're going with a
winter well I know but it's a fact we've
been doing our Novolog your finger and
my guide isn't it like it's all in your
paws off I'm not sure that's X and we
can help each other out tell us any good
mail account - lets all you know comment
our favorite YouTube nails or Instagram
because it's fun to watch one Instagram
- what you're seeing here is Annie
forgetting to take her home nail polish
off hello sassy pants
hello she forgotten she already painted
her fingernails but you forgot to take
the nail polish off whatever I'm doing
I didn't want to mess up my nails we
volunteered daddy
however like why are we barking about
what's going on fun anyway you have a
challah french Baba normal I don't tell
yourself oh she just doesn't work I
think French bulldogs bark yeah you know
we don't probably drive all right so I'm
Henry still asleep so let's go ahead I
was trying to wait and see if she's
going to wake up but she's just going to
be cranky when she wakes up so we're
going to a question of the day because
you're going to bed as soon as those
toenails dry and that you brush your
teeth question of the day what is one
the first retail video you ever watch me
different till I lived it so you lived
it um tune in tomorrow we head to
playlist what if this is their first
baby welcome hope you made it this far
let's tell them a little bit about
ourselves that's Annie she's ticklish so
um this is Winnie nope no if it is not
winning this is Piper and Gigi you
already saw the video of the horse and
you saw Haley sleeping she does that a
lot
that's winning all right guys welcome
new people thanks for watching all you
old people I don't mean like old like
just thanks for being there for us for
so long pretty awesome we'll see you
guys tomorrow
we head to playlist stay tuned for some
awesome awesome awesome playlist videos
coming up
Oh first Haley video ever watched yeah -
tomorrow
always remember to celebrate life thanks
for watching
Rick Haley
