today I'm Bailey well I don't I like to
Mexico but I think it's hopefully new so
that's why I'm going to eating a pad
thai for what kami okay guys oh pretty
start again so it's time for a birdie
checkup we just got back and I'm going
to check and make sure that our little
birdie eggs are good to go
there's four of them now what when you
forget your computer oh yeah good
morning guys
this is a first-time film you've been at
gym all day and you were cranky this
morning not cranky ha
but you and Daddy could assume daddy was
not talking to me because he was super
busy
nothing is mannerism were my mother film
there good nothing to filmed yeah I
don't like doing here at all I couldn't
you guys I'm gonna just read about
cheese huh hey Andy can make a video
about anything ha
I love to bowl like this and we're
opposing stupid like on Easter really
Christmas I didn't want hey yells any of
my family I would have to pull eight but
no the other clothes okay I got you
something that you've been asking for
well I was like it's you're not going to
be that excited Museum you throw him on
the ground Faraday said yep three nights
started filming the first place she we
forgot her computer Bobby huh yeah her
on her computer so she had to do my
headphones that I haven't have in my
purse and on her phone school okay
moving on
you see any bad volleyball knee pads
they're gonna rumors going to start so
you're gonna start playing volleyball
well I don't I like to knock them off
but I think socially new
so that floors and going eating LeapPad
model now I'm getting absent lathering
there and restarts volleyball do this my
skin is peeling that's really weird
this is a little hat a bar hat what what
do you mainly use before is it bleeding
no beyond that yeah it's a blister from
what Oh
we will do anything kidding how do we do
boss today we did a beard condition oh
great a back plate son okay so on bars
what do you use the knee pad for and you
they don't put them on their knees
system on might our heels and if we hit
the bar and heard of that so for what
kind of skill Yeager's Santa lower try
to put it down I'll be the way the 19
right well no normally the nike symbol
would go on the mir up here but for you
yeah you want to wear it there I would
imagine so so you don't if you get your
heel isn't like some people don't like
heavy a much how do you be simple so let
me know those work yeah someone confuse
volleyball player I'm into bowling
Malin quits Isaac Holly balls with
volleyball all it's me too
anyway you said no is volleyball
volleyball volleyball volleyball
volleyball can't be volleyball weird
why the hell is all females like so
least of all you've alia exactly yeah
yeah that's all she flips the ball
football crucible soccer well because
soccer soccer is football everywhere
else except here our football is
different but yes it's football
what about oh when I said what I was
like baseball because we there's bases
give it yeah I got to find life we're
going to go home and I'm gonna do some
more school on a real computer and then
we've got flare practice I show you my
please oh what's your plan I'm gonna do
a lot long school and then to Levin um
to love them amount of yeah and I might
like take a break or if I'm done in
school I'm gonna call it by and play
with the list down so and perfect on the
goat when are we gonna have time to the
boat we only had to get Haley oh I gotta
go we gotta go I got to get you home and
then I gotta go get Haley guess what
there are now four eggs in the nest
alright I looked at it earlier there's
another egg in there we're gonna have
four little baby birds are you doing
school are you as we do is go aren't you
as we doing school just call I just went
down to the water the gigantic dead fish
down there well well my gigantic it's
big though I thought okay oh yeah let's
go see it it's bigger than Gigi there
I'm Gigi heaven or to go for our water
it's really bad
oh good news usually going didn't know
what that's nasty another fish Mart Oh
eat it
this meat fish and we say fish our
friends rody saw the officers that had
died and where you're seeing those holes
on the side like everywhere crabs have
been eating on it no not by working on
nasty fish guys I just pasta me I don't
know if it's gonna put on hey Shh do you
see it no by the boat look what I'm
filming oh do you see that okay oh my
goodness that's so cool go get mommy and
daddy I don't know what it even is what
the fish what kind of bird is that you
want that giant vision we go so Haley
the fish yeah there it is
we did it dawn yeah who bidding looks
like it's either another bird bit it and
it died or it died in like crabs are
eating it okay let's go let's go water
the plant what is this
what is this what oh my goodness what a
grass like a really tall ground like
brush my lane I was like a spider out
there like limit you guys would have
been dropped by the way
all you would see you laughs all right
my friend this is like this is the cold
tub today because it got turned off
somehow and it's more like cool water
temperature Haley's felt like she needed
to go in for a dip great kiddo cuz no no
no no good we believe nope no you'll get
out now young lady oh I don't care about
the back and what you've got already wet
I don't I want
we're going to play our practice and you
don't need a wet it's only my feet no
like that no cuz no don't do that again
because look this is wet now cuz keep
you shoulders and up dry so do you have
a towel did you think that through yes I
do what Haley's the queen of jumping in
the bathtub and not getting attack warm
88 degrees in it isn't it isn't cutting
it you need to get my bathtub to warm up
thank you sure don't get your hair wet
I'm Haley I always knew you'd figure it
out soon enough
um if I can see you oh yeah so same rule
though you don't get your hair wet don't
dry up completely
your parents have the same rule what you
guys watching don't walk mothers don't
walk through the house well I don't want
you to flip number one I don't want you
to ruin my for hungover - okay Oh guys
this could only mean one thing while the
dog bad number one what is it
what happened general
roley's we're going to make slime in
that we just don't know when cuz I don't
know when Daddy huh you wanted on your
channel maybe we'll do a few videos it
might just go on the big channel she's
ready okay nice not be okay yeah
Amanda's riding Luna tomorrow for the
first time I don't get you'll be at
school I'm sorry yeah no one feels
really horrible yes no one's been on
Luna yet she's just being trained
tomorrow they're gonna try to get on her
you can't write on the bunny you get off
my couch like that your account my couch
my money mine always Laura it's in your
paws okay so stay tuned for that I don't
know it could be like a week before we
can film it or you can mix hit on I
forward yeah you're a good one activator
yes we'll have to get some but it's okay
meet now we have this either get the
paddle for Piper we're not doing it
tonight mom
no Haley will be at school no we leave
for playlist not in time to make flying
it's not a party pooper I've just I know
our schedule okay I need a question of
the day because Annie's exhausted you
can see it all over her little face hey
hey hey what do you say have you ever
made fun of who William David what what
have you ever made slime before and if
you have what kind of slime wasn't name
the kind of slime that you guys have
made okay tiny slices one long one
say regular-size May 21 the butterfly
mother slaughter laughs I got ya
they dicks I would be tiny for anything
mediums gonna make a big hole I bet so I
see a lot of yeses
I bet and a lot of lists what the
fishbowl climbs your bacon in a fishbowl
mmm little pebbles underneath thank you
Oh hon all right um this is scaring my
dog ears off
that's my dog yeah where'd you go
where'd you go
don't you thought already dog yeah now
Gigi might need to go to the dog
she's been limping we love you guys and
we will see you two more row then good
nice and last woman I can't
yeah that would be weird hey guys not
allowed with like no cameras allowed
pretty much that's pretty much happening
people make that I don't think they'll
ever let you film in school it's against
like privacy and stuff come here like my
math homework
speaking of which you have homework hmm
tell me that you did it oh you have
spelling to go over the study yeah okay
she's going to do that and he's going to
balance that on her chin not really
and you can go to bed we'll see you
tomorrow my friends always remember to
celebrate life
by changes based on mistake thanks for
watching
for tailee
