time for my candy good morning everyone
that includes you watching you good
morning good morning
Halley's out of the bed against her will
today we travel back home back back to
the homeland Danny I'm watching galaxy
to galaxy shoes huh
awesome we're going to get on a plane
we're going to go home for a couple days
repack Oh things must not be going well
for Haley over there having to trouble I
guess um repack for playlist can you
help my friend mm-hmm we got in really
late last night so hopefully we're all
just sleeping gonna sleep on the plane
Haley might just sleep here she's
wearing her new kicks that was a cool
kid say try to be a cool kid sometimes
but fails sometimes miserably so that's
it that's the story we're going to go
down to Starbucks again that worked out
really well we've got a fruit tray
yesterday and that veggie tray and some
croissants and a little hot like
sandwich with egg on it it was good it
was good and a cake pop of course so um
yeah we're going to be on a plane all
day oh my goodness we could go home and
see our friends and our dogs and our
bunnies know about the horse maybe okay
I'm going to help Haley get these shoes
on and then we're going down daddy's
over here editing away the video is
probably going to go up late because
there's we're not gonna have time to
upload it the hotel stuff is super slow
so we're going to use the hotspot and
try to upload it before we go to the
plane but
at the airport I don't know if it's
going to go all right one they got my
name right and two these two little
cuties are enjoying this la sunspots any
time for a few more moments how's it
going good I got your are you Heidi
I'm not hiding today I'm Katie back to
Katie how peanut butter hello
I'll give you honey peanut butter I'm
either like freezing my little fingers
off that one say Hayes right Haley got
the chocolate chip one last time
well she did that yesterday too but I
think normally you've heard her get with
a little monkey and I got daddy's food
and some croissants in here this is a
way to go you guys staying in hotel all
the time to get kind of little a little
bit tired of room service oh we're
changing it up a bit
deliciousness
what I haven't tried it yet okay thank
you
what for not having a nice
so not judge I try not to judge people
homes we all I'm just kidding
not the shuttle bus at home resettled up
to Los Angeles Airport you guys think we
are home already and we skipped all that
fun so fun Airport travel no it's just
beginning like she does not talk about
it five-hour flight security before the
three-hour time came you know
all in a day's travel coast to coast the
side
so we are just on about you guys so it's
literally just beginning we are leading
to the game all right we put we put
those two in charge of finding our gate
just roll over one so hopefully we just
take the later daddy can you get her bag
she doesn't like to do it on the
escalators what 79
I don't think I was dude idea that we
have maybe I don't want to hurt his
feeling but this is a pretty easy of
terminal to find because all you doesn't
do is find a number 17 but they like to
lead the way they've done it where they
can leader the way when we haven't even
changed terminals they're getting pretty
good at it
how sweet
there could be I don't know you're not
getting any hints
he's only been to this terminal million
times it looks good we are bottom so we
eat at this restaurant for breakfast a
lot the rock and brews that would have
called you can all be much more
efficient we have to eat because we
won't there won't be food for five hours
so they're doing a good job I think
they're well on their way oh there must
be training thank you
lots of compliments on the shoes Oh
we're going to go see GG thank you oh
you have two big one okay
I'm going to get pizzas my friend are
you guys surprised watching this guy eat
set it down a little further of course I
know where it is I've been here a
million times down there and Jeff was
probably watching these dudes eat pizza
and on a little jealous thank you are
you got card is so cute alright my
friends back on track we get puppy
sidetrack hm
for what Harris made treatment what's
your fave treat carrot carrot he's a
bunny they're figuring out this new
Polaroid technology so what did you like
I see the picture here for you princess
baby say anything other than excited and
proud
you can just go ahead and keep still I
mean we met friends everyone's ready one
more for Vegas in fiance okay what do
penis between pure communion with God
Romans my 4028 with service to Denver at
this time if you have failed to justify
your reservation in enjoyment absolution
welcome what is worse than my passengers
Nicolas get made cooler than favorable
holding pita and Polaroid
he says it's loading there's a nice one
and that one to look like white in it
why didn't it was it not know but it
didn't develop so they we get another
one so we're trying it's okay we'll
figure out we're eating we're uploading
we're waiting yeah that's what's
happening right now that is the update
how long does it say the uploads can
take I don't know if it's going to make
it guys but we're trying 100 in one like
one hour in one minute
we bored it might make it gonna be
really close
I'm gonna try another hour well we not
do we take off because we're delayed
yeah yeah that one's for you guys
fishermen and all you come you gotta
share I ate it all
I'm adding a new idea you're good the
video might upload it's not it's going
to be super late tonight cuz I think
we're delayed until 1:45 and it's 1207
your how I we would leave yeah everyone
thank you okay welcome to Los Angeles oh
the video uploaded the video today's
video that's we didn't go up right now
it wasn't going up to like 3:00 in the
morning
yeah right on time now we can get on the
plane and then
we all have stress you try to get these
videos up for you guys to enjoy
Oh
oh my goodness
that's what happened we don't have
access to your phone for five hours
phone goes next so you have to be home
for is hard I'm trying to try to rely
for nowhere arm because of the delay
people are late for their connections
and we're always you can get off the
plane already get cooked always okay
galvanic over two one two and we're
going away from behind receiver can I
get four back when I take a while I do
not agree so we're just kind of that in
this plane could be the only one on the
plane gonna be the only one on a plane I
just want to get off the plane but we're
going to be patient feel like home
forgive you doggie
I saw you didn't have to go to the
doggie hotel because Mary Kate checked
on them watch some no Mary hates on
there they were trying to stay but
because of our flight delay they can
chef school tomorrow and they want to go
home Jim it's cool fine I'm good enough
someone lost Thursday I pick it up and
bring it over here don't read them on
camera aside over here so in case they
come back for but right here on the
bench MIT
back up and defend those karate skills
that pay the bill
all right so we are going to go nothing
was open the airport that he were all
starving and everything apparently at
the airport touchdown totally
long live a nice hat I think it got left
on the plane when you didn't let me know
Annie was she asleep when you're even
doing here I don't want you to lose if I
definitely like alright I'm going to
call and see since we'll be back here in
a couple days maybe they can just sorry
I was one of my faves now it's
officially home sweet home yes good
morning when I'm like cause way down
just kidding yeah I seemed like days ago
Haley's doing a little math because she
realized on the plane that she forgot
her math book and now it's you know 11
o'clock at night or a school like she is
people is go watch your video oh I'm
just kidding Haley's doing extra math
she already did all her math um yeah so
go no Haley could see how dream your
high January London I'm Lila Julia oh hi
the whole class - hi ollie
Annie's friend you say hi jet I'm an
accountant oh yeah we needed James Kelly
yeah I don't like each other just as
friends is he your friend jelly jelly
you're starting things the ball doesn't
injuries I've never seen you mean I'm in
Jersey you're going to end things right
there Haley asked that you do not ship
them cuz that silly for eight-year-old
rude we have not going to question of
the day are you ready are you trying to
go to sleep good idea oh he got this
late at night where is your restaurant
of choice
Taco Bell called Chipotle did not us
openly well I just did nice Taco Bell
sorry hi you guys you want to see the
puppies oh I thought sorry
jack-in-the-box we don't have those here
okay we let our puppies out they are
happy and healthy oh where are the other
two and fat
apparently all when he did while we were
going with Pete Winnie Piper hey yeah
alright
oh and a bunny I know you guys missed
all the zoo animals apparently that's
all when he did while we were going with
eat alright my friend um that's a wrap
on today's video it's been a good day
it's been a long day I feel like the
last couple weeks have been long days
we're going to get some sleep Haley's
gonna finish your math thanks for
watching comment down below favorite
late-night food drive restaurant adios
amigos always remember to celebrate life
based on baby
thanks for watching Britt Ailey
