time for my candy good morning
that is torturing hailey in the other
room let's go take a sneak peek of
what's going on what's he doing killing
you tickling killing apparently to an 8
year old is the same princess your ears
are on crooked we got to go
you're in order you look messy hair
don't care and the collar like caste pop
caddies moving at this slow speed and we
go leaps are clean hailey alright so we
are going back for more voice lessons
and then a photo shoot another photo
shoot and then to dinner with Jojo
that's the plan hopefully all the plans
work out we're going to go down to
Starbucks while daddy's finished getting
ready and we're going to get some like
pastries because we're starving and we
have an eaten breakfast yet on the early
wanting breakfast so I might get a cake
pop I don't care if it's 9 o'clock in
the morning I might get a cake pop I own
that cake pop Oh little blurry they're
kind of cool though so it is kinda artsy
or emergent flurry could be artsy we got
our Starbucks
I love you I can see that but sudden
look likely soul
Heidi Starbucks you know Heidi we got
you're struggling imagine at Heidi's
order was exactly exactly like Katie's
order I guess Polly a lot behind your
lady thought I've been Heidi I said
Heidi and I'm like and it does it good
because it's going to say that I'm like
wasn't a hiding your Navy and they said
it again louder mic no they said Heidi
does not have and then I went over there
and order whatever maybe Heidi had our
exact same order and I took Chinese move
my bad Heidi my bad morning or they I
think they heard us wrong yes Haley
where you going Annie didn't realize
this was the car
nice danceBlue
do you guys dance too before you get in
the car because we do there's always
time for dancing which is it weird to
hear yourself on the when it wouldn't
would you first heard of voices like oh
no no no is it every single person
myself included I thought there was some
parts of done a really good yes the
first run we're just like getting your
feet wet the color of your voice sounds
really pretty though you don't say it's
really pretty we're gonna get it sounded
awesome okay you ready to rock and roll
let's do it okay
you can close Thanks kinda relaxed no
thank you
hey guys so what are we doing it now
going to lead in a ramen bar I never had
ramen noodles okay the girls first
introduction to a ramen bar I feel like
it's my first time a ramen bar -
honestly I don't get out much
my aunt hailey the simpad topic the
things they make kids wonder where they
connect the edges
Oh
now you get used to Han
all right who's getting that is getting
that hate me you're ready go
nailed it anything like this
little brother
Oh Annie
it worked you know whatever give the
food to your mouth Noda sighs what's up
across the street
that's reserved you guys I don't know
how to meet you over there
now I've been pretty good under the
stuff called roti it's such a girl be
cute
dudes its essence
I'll change I need to take a little
nibble that was not what a world
Oh Annie's worried about her see stir
get my god oh we have a one time we got
it on video
whoo just kidding she's a good sister
they just fight sometimes Haley is mean
see there's country y'all can hang on to
their early one - did you at least get
it so that's really cute you guys can't
see it you'll have to find it you guys
go find it scavenger how to find that
picture you guys ready yeah we need to
go concerts per hour yeah they're like
yeah gotta know where to go
we got some pictures to be taken oh my
God look they're way too small for him
do you think all right we got to make
our way pay no attention to the pinning
in the back we're doing a promo pictures
for the rock your hair con player but I
don't know if you guys saw on Andy's
musically and stuff which is going to be
rock your hair in June rock your hair
white rock into summer I got it now bye
rocker hair but so they're taking
pictures or time and deal just for
pictures this is not what she's like
wearing that day it's just professors
not in heels
hiring a problem
I told you look let Daddy help you you
look like this okay watch your step no
rope no roll dangle take your feet up
when you want don't walk like a lady
just take a walk like a monster yeah toe
always where's the lake in an event she
does say nothing again every organism
really related to the side or motive on
you your self examine Robin gather to
this all them to know now that you think
is perfect
Oh
you throat at 2:30 is very poor Arthur
that's awesome 10:34 ample parking
across it yeah he made that up
it starts at 11:00 oh my bad
11:03 and 26 seconds the Clemen agree
don't trip
yeah melts user to big and step on his
foot
you
we are going to city wok normally making
up with yo jail oh yeah that dunno
Hayden hmm else is the only ones I know
Lars I heard maybe one of her friends on
it went to does Oh baby looks happy
nature's awesome
I have to pick the plate of meatballs
are you guys going to see all the bow oh
it's a compliment run Joe does look cute
in her bow everybody looks cute a Jojo
buh buh bye um
players are good at your class or any
local my last door I just got it like
laughing just got rid of that life
my daddy nice to meet you what's up it's
like a dream I've never been on the blog
this my friend
what are these crazy people doing over
there
we're doing crazy your friends are crazy
did you hear the screaming down the hall
is going on there being crazy yeah hi
what's your name my name is Larry
is it weird having a camera like just
put your veterinarian okay how you like
what you matter and Hayley just came up
with the best event over our deal I did
not know they were in the world where
they have another job and here I have
pointers
and okay on your knowing my boys for
some but you're quite a girl boys on you
years and you love your sister you love
your mentor my friend but this is just
your boyfriend so none of you have
sisters over here so we're just going to
rather the border captain Anders Mary so
he has one sister and she's been
crashing yeah over here that Ashley she
bakes you could you pick I your
imaginary sister or your best friend how
you planning on we're going to slow this
Julia it might not make the blog got two
days it aside
we went to see a movie and she slept the
whole movie wanna hog Haley one hug
right sorry Susan
one output one hug cooter get to taste
all the girls
are you joking you yeah pretty much
three days by uncle Sammy
Oh show hug you just not hatin I gotta
let the hug me all right my friend bye
sort of a thing right there almost ran
into the what happens when you film
everything to run into stuff okay so
impromptu late-night movie that's what
just happened there some of a whole
time so and you late there's a little
baby someone stayed awake can't believe
it right now right Oh guys question of
the day because once we get back to the
hotel
it is super late and we leave in the
morning and we've got to pack a little
bit so that in the morning we don't have
to get up super early so we're doing the
question of the day now trust me guys
you're not missing elevators or
escalators oh I'm totally escalators
Haley like escalators so that's it la is
a wrap I mean we'll have the morning but
pretty much la is a wrap we got to
switch gears go home get that playlist
vamps ready and head to play lit you
guys just like that so we gave it
juninho yeah we are home for just a
couple days and we're off to Florida so
guys we'll see you tomorrow it's been
fun it's been a long day
adios amigos always remember to
celebrate a thanks for watching Ric
Haley
