time for what cami
good morning downtown la got two
sleepyhead still in the bed breakfast is
on its way but I'm letting them sleep
until it gets here
pretty much what I do every morning just
let them sleep the lessons late today is
RDMA day so we're going to spend the
whole morning which is Pritz like almost
nine so it's like it's early in the
morning the whole morning getting ready
and this is coming back to make sure
everything fits us daddy's editing for
your viewing pleasure he's editing
today's the video that's me go up today
actually it's the video that's on our
way to LA so already amazed today and
that's it today we're consumed by
already made what should be fun oh my
gosh guess what I did last night guys I
don't think we told you no and yes he's
got an update here over this morning I
have never done this in my life
my entire life I left my purse at the
hamburger place with a day off night
left it and I didn't realize till we had
gotten to the party last night so it's
at the burger place and it's not open
yet but it's there we called last night
manager have it safely locked up I don't
know what's going to be missing out of
it hopefully nothing but I just want my
credit card to my driver's license I
don't know how I get home without my
driver's license I don't know how to go
to the archdeacon say stop I thought it
was a party of a without my driver's
license so yeah Billy's going to edit
and then go get hers I felt like an
idiot I almost cried I've no tears came
out but I panicked I just got out of the
shower I didn't wash my hair but I just
we only got it wet not bad and if you're
wondering why I'm in the center of
yesterday and see if I slept in this
shirt let me just put it back after this
put it back on after the shower because
when ice is coming over two dresses for
the RDAs and yeah well my mom said I
could do a little bit of makeup till the
class event and Kenna I'd be so light on
you my facebook light right now I just
didn't lighting I'm not that pale I'm
really not so right now I'm in the
bathroom because Annie told you and uh
she's going on me it's wanted me to go
and give a mica path and it's weird
because I went to sleep in anxiety with
clothes on but then like physically and
then I woke up and change into pajamas
and it's really bad lighting in here
there cuz it's really weird and now my
lips are ready yeah we don't know what's
wrong with your lips put lip balm on
them mouth and don't have chapstick and
he's doing a little bit of makeup said a
little she's like okay a little go ahead
it's for a red carpet so I was like I'm
okay with a little bit what head sings
on yon item you're like a little well I
want to make sure that you know that to
not overboard ooh overboard in hailey
we're going to I want to let Annie do a
little concealer and mascara on hey hey
checkup a checkup a yeah so this is it
when we're getting ready we kind of
early to be getting ready but I want to
make sure we have enough time I think
we're going to straighten Hailey's hair
put some big curls in it in a we like it
that's how it should say and if we don't
like it we might pull it into a ponytail
I'm a little nervous I get nervous about
cuz hair thinking I know like here to do
her hair I we wash it we part it we wash
it we comment we part it and our hair
looks great and then the only other
hairstyle I know fancy hairstyle
we straighten it and put those big curl
them ponytails make me nervous
I can I can throw off a ponytail but is
they going to look good for papers well
she wants like a with the curls coming
down kind of little y'all are making me
nervous
I just can't we just walk this way hmm
not with a dress we could try the half
button but again we need to do this now
so that if we don't like it it can come
down but we should get the dress on
first oh this makes me nervous we're
doing this all by ourselves no
professionals no page Hey Oh like a
couple days ago I'm like I can do this
fine and then the day of I'm like fine
it's fine
yes I'm Shelby that doesn't hate how
Hayley gets her hair done because we're
going to have a whole bunch of layers
you've got her phone down there so it's
going to take a lot of do this because
she's got so much hair we're going to
put a little curl in it and then figure
out what we're going to do with it later
and like touch about it's going to take
friends and these two goons are just
hanging out on the bed I don't know what
they're doing Annie's hair's not done
yet but for a little bit of makeup oh he
scared me is you had her around show us
your makeup mmm
oh it looks good Billy
let us get along you look out of line
you're in a little lunch Annie are you
gonna do that ever credit card credit
card what's her name's meat dress lady
gaga's meat dress Haley is not eating in
her clothes and why did we let Annie
good look at her face
okay Annie we love you mom final final
look oh look at the fab shoes and handle
it with are those not amazing only
everything Oh Haley your light-up shoes
yes they light up there the LED one all
right take a bunch of pictures because
we might not have time what are you
getting married down here still getting
married
that's creepy or keep it on your wedding
from okay look at that beautiful pride
and agree don't do it you want run away
why just kidding I would laugh at that
in a second are you kidding
so you're on our way and we thank all
right we're on the red carpet personally
we made it we made it remember we've got
some friends around us and person Danny
in holding raise your hand if you're
sweating a little hot out here
before you start you should be welcome
to go Yamaha 1003 on right let's get it
on now I think you're going I'm ready
we're about to watch the car people
missing five talents right
so we are done on the red carpet and we
are going in to get some water because
early thirsty assignment engine
our jiminy icon
yeah
I will evoke a beer yell at me Oh get
honestly crazy fill them with your
entire face reasoning Oh family goals
reach hearts are already set higher beat
portal notch and I think you betrayed
service mm good for a little I think my
people been in their own come on
oh you look really hey man three fish
come on you'll be pissed off but you try
a little I know you want to see are like
that's like their parents
Oh
nobody like up here
I get Harrison Joe November your head
ready simply flick down
I just don't look at me go right now
right but what was it phone oh you gotta
tell me okay guys we are back to the
hotel and it's good Heather please okay
another we're going this is our best
okay leave five stars
come on all right elevator fashion show
hit fix her hair fix her hair it's like
Debbie perfect for the elevator so were
ya take you go ahead
elevator fashion show I'll be back over
there I'm going out what wait wait for
you oh okay somehow our key deactivated
so daddy's going downstairs just when I
thought our day was over I don't think
it's a good idea get to Starbucks this
late at night
yeah thank you
yeah Annie Congrats you say the whole
after party have toilet five times kind
of what my dad was a tour of what I'm
the key to come fly oh how do I keep
after refresh of the day so we can go to
bed we go inside we have a long day
tomorrow too um question of the day
staying in town
Oh what's your favorite challenge that
we've done okay what's your favorite
bratayley Jones
and the cotton ball challenge just pull
in your head I want to eat it or wear it
Oh jinx okay so you guys please comment
down below
this was it were the reason Prager put
to the door to the door that needs to
help you how you're not want to that I
think that people wanted to be able to
shouting sound of her tongue just put on
their uniform Haley come the good
daddies are the key my favorite she's
really saved are we putting him up there
anybody all right my friends what an
exciting day that was so worth the trip
out here the back out here we'll be back
here from Rock into summer not that were
funny
Haley couldn't help it giggle June so
we'll be back all right guys um yeah it
was what's your favorite bratayley
challenge I told you Oh
cliff that favorite potato challenge
video guys see you yeah Marvel which is
tomorrow
always remember to celebrate life based
on babe
thanks for watching Chris Haley
