time for what Kaylie I feel like our day
just getting started Hayley's they've
been at school but in preparation for
our weekend trip we were cleaning out
the bunny cage look at that YUM and Mary
Kate's going to come bunny and dog sit
yes so Hayley Hayley had to clean out
the bunny gage
don't let the bunny out the front door
when you go yeah so that's it we are all
packed and ready to go you look like
Santa Claus
yeah just put outside the front door and
we'll grab it we were packed we've got
Annie's clothes that she's going to wear
on the plane
we've got electronics charging we're
going to tell everybody where we're
going when Haley gets back made you guys
wait
gosh that bag bust open up it gonna be
bad
smaller than a really bad okay where are
we going
LA back back last-minute trip we weren't
supposed to go for another like month
and a half or so but we got an invite
somewhere where we going hey we got
invited to the Radio Disney Music Awards
and we're super excited to check that
award show out and you know you know see
who the big winners are long ago since I
didn't know y'all Britney Spears is
going to be there and I'm pretty sure
she wants to meet me I mean all the
Olympians were my best friend so me and
Brittany we are we were going to
probably hit it off no I'm just kidding
we are probably not even going to we're
not going backstage or anything but I
don't think I think she's getting some
kind of cool award
um but I'm sure we did meet she'd be my
best friend obviously no we're not going
backstage or anything mary-kate
instructions are you want to worry about
handling the bunny if you're scared just
make sure the bunny has food water and
hey I'm a little I just want to get
scratched look real bunny garden she got
in the cabinet ah you're so funny
so funny ready look at herself and
murdered environment she really asleep
where she thinking
she's a vacant away all right Mike bread
you guys just go to LA without us
I'm too tired but if today we already
told them home about me no go ahead and
color mani the waters not mean vlogs
happen if you're at Jim need to tell you
they would have bailed out before this
video came I mean yeah you're probably
going to post pictures right to be
honest you guys are going to tell them
on your instagrams and music leaves and
all that because I'm so proud of myself
because you look like your sister when
she we curl her hair is the braids from
last night um because the lights just
went out and I got scary in here does it
think um I packed so tight that loosen
them really this is what we got shoes
that are too small for you oh stop they
are
Josephine you tried them on before we
left a little bigger yeah okay so anyway
I did really a good job packing like I
didn't over pack
BAM you didn't over course oh no write
that right down okay we're going to go
we got here really early so we've got
more time than we normally I oh my
goodness gracious it's gonna be a long
day whoopie pie 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9 10 did
you go up every time I counted move and
we should be good here we go maybe smart
one leave in the plane
Haley's in charge
football Haley
all right wobbling from are you la BAM
la bound ma'am what let me hold him
along Leblanc
gotta make a bomb Leblanc my favorite
part of the whole airport experience is
coming up next
psych all right this is it guys I hate
going through security
just one second on the other side of
that and we can sit down and eat because
we're so early I will feel so much
better people actually once I get on the
yeah because I was on the plane but yeah
once I get the hotel la
they like babies before babies like me I
think it isn't like they
I mean after birth the hot boys
a good algorithm side under the boys
Norvin guys who breaks a free no swing
on skill attics or sort of
now
for there are three good morning we're
on the ground we just got on the light
silky and we'll be in LA in about six
hours
five and a half hours do you need your
preset
I mean pre-flight free tickets hi my
words are gone
I have no words free takeoff snack
those are any faith traditions we go and
we pick out our snacks look at these
we gonna go
before we even take out the snacks we're
going to be gone
so we got all my stuff down here and
we're all in line and daddy'd across the
aisles how we always hit these two
almost witch but they did
I'm glad you're in a good mood you just
cut some bad news they loaded from the
plane and everybody sat down they're
like the captain comes on in your
verdict
well your overhears an apposite here for
an hour but because there's so much
traffic in LA
air traffic controls like to an hour
we're going to stay on the ground on the
ground right here where we are for and
then we have like five and half hours
offered up and we were already delayed
40 business so now we're at our four
decide it's going to be like 3:00 in the
morning easily our time and we're going
to if we're going to push back we'll let
you know what's not just a few minutes
out there right now we can't close the
door and rules of are gonna push back I
will just look around here and how it
should about my 10 minutes and that
we're pushing back from the game but I
don't know how long a fibula
that was confusing to Schmidt he was
like men we'll see we'll see what
happens
meet me what happened take the blame I
think we're just yeah very smart and
you're so smart that's what they're
doing they're getting us so excited they
didn't need this gate for somebody how
we you're smart
daddies call the people in LA and like
brutally tomorrow may have to be pushed
back we have a fitting tomorrow with our
friend Vanessa who did it and our outfit
or a jungle ball digital update
virtually here in Baltimore they have a
limited number of gates to get accepting
under there right that's what we're
sitting on the longer aircraft that
holds 175 beautiful because we're
delayed an hour going to loss off the
gates or we're going to do is we're
going to push off the gate start an
engine taxi over two of the holding pad
will shut down the you didn't to save
gas will run the auxiliary power unit
and we'll be sitting off the gate as it
is right now we'll be sitting up the
gate about 45 minutes before we're able
to take off and then we'll be on our way
hope we'll be able to the relief on that
and actually get airborne a little bit
dr. and once we get into the holding pad
we've got situated all right now what I
need for everybody it is is go back to
your seats materially medicine for
depression often just repetitions on the
field again do apologize for the
inconvenience occur we're trying to get
us into a lot delay with all their
driving systems you can thank you also
oh man guys I was getting excited when
they'd ever going to push back but
anyways right get everybody back in
their seats PQ are securely fastened
they should be leaving here within the
next 45 minutes we can take off now
no one cloud I thought there's going to
be like
Oh
we're leonie's pretty face Cecilie by
this we're here
Wow it's 3 o'clock in the line start ed
stuff the whole pack is pretty much
what's on them
Haley and I are waiting for the slowpoke
behind us all we want to do is get off
the planning go but now Annie's cold oh
what a gentleman
pocket just like five sizes too big but
that's ok oh is it ok so you guys we
just landed we sat on the plane again
probably for another 20 minutes
after we landed but what have we're here
now and we're going to get in the car in
LA and then so like two hours extra
enjoys six well five and a half hour
plane ride was pretty much seven and a
half like I'm just ready to I'll be good
when we're getting the hope in the
rental car
and he thinks everything in these
pockets are hers now
a
Oh found a ring and just tuck it is it
like a wedding ring it was in her pocket
Piper actually vibrate in the hall box
guys were the only one on they're the
only ones on right now let's see on the
nine ninety five million stops on the
way out of the airport and we remain the
only one on the shuttle
Oh last time we were on the shuttle
there is some girls who recognize them
and there they were trying to show
somebody they were with but their volume
was on and it blocked it out with the
intro it was so we were all like trying
not to laugh
we should have all done it would have
been funny all right guys what do you
think is anybody working all day anymore
not on our own private shuttle ok we'll
share it
hey guys so we're tired and we're just
interested in our renting a car hey go
to hotel and we are still going to do
the hotel tour just question the day now
which is what airline do you fly when
you slide Delta and stop-loss so we did
stop us this time what did you bring
warm cookie stop we get one cookie there
nice here have a bite my favorite thing
are warm cookies mmm but how many waters
thank you help me when I talk about job
what are they
deliciously soft oh my gosh are they
gooey
yeah stop Oh mm-hmm
hi stay tuned for the room tour all
right
in industry and we had a room that
didn't exist are you going sir this is
wearable would you watch your gold in
that time it was filling my what for
Taylor makes history building and there
was oh my god that's right we walked up
to where the loom was supposed to be
like it was like a number in between two
numbers a mile under the door way other
horses it's in your hand and what is up
oh my goodness it got a lot of stuff
under turn
oh wow I can't see pants you guys thanks
can't see anything now yep oh my
goodness guys there's no light
okay
bright enough for now there's a
different you hear you
Wow oh you got your github yeah yeah
back there's a bad you can hear me look
at our view yeah my reflection
oh look all these windows what a great
room cuz we got a good spot I feel is
that a bad that is not look like a good
but they saw us check in come on be a
bed it's a bed haha yeah whoo I wouldn't
say that you guys look there's a half
bath up here which is going to be great
for getting ready for four people that's
a half bath room not half bath tub or
bath great asset through the bathtub
about a half bathrooms home alright
we're going to knock this bad boy down
do we like to be oh maybe not I wasn't
off we had down to 68 my friend I like
to bundle up alright it's been a long
day obviously if you've joined us for
this long thank you for two days
comment down below the girls argued at
the question of the day and we'll see
you tomorrow we've got a few things
tomorrow a fitting and another surprise
so stay tuned we'll see you tomorrow
guys we got to get these girls in the
bed audios
always remember to celebrate life ah
thanks for watching
Brit Haley
