time for what Kaylie good morning
everyone I am doing school
cheese first time I like use my voice
today so I'm doing school and trying to
finish all of my math today like all of
it like done for the year so I'm gonna
see how that works probably won't happen
but you know goals hot and going on and
I'm hey what family
we're taking a break you know you know
why she's asking that because when you
keep your head near fall right the whole
car I'd know where didn't we tell you
where we're going taking a quick break
from school she did a lot though the
long week in math but did you tell them
the good news
I'm jumping from subject subject do you
tell me good news live good news yes
what week are you on in math how many
weeks you have in math 32 so she's
working I think is your idea took finish
math completely before and then then you
dip have finished my lectures and so
what Nexen at your closest to your doubt
your the home stretch the end of the
school year is upon us
Haley's interviewers into Scalia's upon
us to kind of month and a half what are
you doing so she did a lot of school not
as much and I would like to choose my
channel we have to eat
we have eaten at home she means I have
been a Cracker Barrel in all respects it
again there's four steps and that's why
she's here
any of you ever the horse up I'm here
for the McEntee oh my gosh she used to
get now so yeah she's probably going to
I've been eating so much healthier
Rhys I doorways laughing see Annie three
of them that's what she used to get you
smell and the funny thing is when we
first started coming here she used to go
can I have um three like you
but yeah either I don't know but let's
go if you kind of never been a cracker
barrel the sides it's not like a bowl of
mac and cheese it's a little couple I
mean it's it's extreme but I get three
of them but it's what are you doing it
done two of them I'm delighted I'm
getting the dumpling me kit I'm gonna
get some broccoli because I Rock Lee is
good to actually alright so now that we
know what I'm eating
hmm and we've embarrassed mommy
thoroughly he home what Annie's cousin
or the holders she gets some more she
laughs at me and he's gonna order off
the jig girl and you're not funny
now she's off acting all prim and proper
a second ago and the camera was it all
and I were like oh she going to the gift
Kidman you didn't have what she wanted
them like just order from what menu
you're a big girl
if you at all Cooper gravy on us or
don't you walk out here what you doing
middle picture how are you going to ever
know what you're going to you have to
read I came you to get police their
daughter your daughter look Annie
sitting by me like a record show we're
sitting together because there's no
speed over there and I got down first
and Annie was forced to sit Mexico than
I am for myself not only going to happen
if you the baby is healthy is not way to
you we really know from the country
different ways down you and your
organization dumpling to the planning of
South County they're just one I decide
what you thought mean that complicated
I know you slept in it to put a hat on
okay
hmm I try a little girl to in school and
the car
she looks thrilled so we're hooked up to
the hot spot that you're getting carsick
you want to say yes so I tell you to
stop we'll do that but I believe you hey
Annie pay attention you are it looks
like you're looking at reflection in the
back of the car
I'm in the back of the seat looks like
she's making mustaches can control your
daughter if the car does stop driving
itself
boom she had to use his own arms his own
feet like a sucker home
always degree
so it is driving itself you just have
this hand resting there
she tunes as well so it's cool I can say
life has no she doesn't even know my
hair's a mess oh my goodness
oh we're on I ready damn it actually
like we're just pulling in right now
please I always want to look I don't
have any control it makes me real mad
yes yes sir like it what is it oh no I'm
not looking forward to your days of
dress
Haley's discovered bath and Bodyworks
who doesn't love a little bit of smell
good lotion I mean everybody needs a
little snow good lotions in their life
no right really hmm smells I don't
really like coconut and she licking it I
try to get it get the honey ones that
body cream or hand cream older going to
be bad lottie's I don't know if I put it
on my face I try to get her to get the
honey one but knew she was using her own
money so I didn't have much of a say
much say much I always have a say hey
give me it back
please Haley
guess what where you're not going
tonight to mastic the first time because
Monday there was no practice are you sad
yeah you're excited but instead after
the big girls have gym we're going to
flare so you're doing dance so the plan
is is I don't think she can start dance
yet I'm going to talk to miss Carrie I
think they have to wait till their
season's over and maybe she can start
doing some classes this summer to figure
out what she wants what kind of day
so what kind of dance do you want to do
you know what any of it's called like
tap jazz ballet hip-hop lyrical I don't
know how it works also yeah but Miss
Kerry said you could try like a class
different classes all summer like
whenever you're here you can just drop
by those classes and see which one you
like the best this summer we're going to
take a few dance classes I'm not no not
me I said we know no good I'm not a
dancer I was filling in yesterday
I mean Monday I was just going to be
standing there but we do food yeah I'm
not good and so I'm looking at myself in
the mirror and I'm like does this really
what I look like what the girls do to
just look at them those lines are okay
we're nine days out from playlist we
probably are performing on Sunday as my
guest so I think we're 11 days out from
that do you feel ready yeah I'm ready
what everybody it should be at practice
tonight which will make me feel better
honey what are you doing you're sitting
over here like a dork
why do you sit like that you're a dog
how are you feeling
this
can you walk on it yesterday good even
now I can walk on it what is it I need a
doctor I've have a breakdown
yeah ow I just like the first day
definitely I mean it hurts but like yeah
and that was one two three four five six
where is Arden Angela oh yeah she's hot
we love you pal oh well I thought
everybody was here and I'm like I didn't
get that better but she's changing she's
got to try her costume on yet I like
what good because we couldn't decide we
want to camo shoes so I think the black
and black for a gas could have been it
would be like camo one pan oh yeah nice
our time at Lee's please wear them like
that this is my goal today to get all of
the grazing situated that was Michael
that's a good good crispy all right
we're going to the Blue Room and I don't
even know if I know what the Blue Room
hood but I'm excited
he was a good kid people whose little
real dancers that we feel bad that we're
like intruding they're they're nervous
because the real dancers are here
they're doing it for the Realtors
thank you next room like
trick-or-treating we gotta take it for
you green room then bring your green
room now so he's getting on the go I
mean I don't know
first I got going to go swimming and
they almost look like to be handed like
a lot of excuses getting better and
better
the game is called desert up money no
guys yeah you guys know what this means
right Danny what's I mean I mean look
happy
yeah this is a nice aisle and over and
this is Haley's pile got another trip I
don't think we said where we're going
tomorrow I don't know if we should we
just got home from player practice Haley
jumped in the bathtub washee-washee the
hair and we're throwing the rest of the
stuff in the bag you guys are done I
think I got I think I've got too much
because we're doing a quick trip but
then pretty much right after a couple
days after we get back from this trip we
leave for playlist so I'm I'm going to
be like half packed for playlist I feel
and it's good to have options
I just overdo it it's fine I'll admit it
yes Jonathan yeah this pile
I think I got it all we've gone through
it goggles yes flip-flops I forgot to
bring them football time hey once I go
around in there you like those my finger
I mean what like honest encounter but I
was going like this and setting it down
and it took that money - how do you feel
about flare practice tonight
everybody was there tonight you nervous
you think of coming together doing
without a mirror is hard rehearsal and
Orlando is when you're the first time
you'll do without a mirror but you'll
have it we got one more practice with
the mirror and then we go oh my god you
have the practice yes miss Paula Oh on
the stage miss Paula we got a rehearsal
room for us when we get there and then
we'll have I'm assuming we'll have just
like every year we get to get on stage
that morning and run through it day two
of getting the right color nails we
wanted white white white and we did not
get white white white yesterday today we
got Yui white fill in the blank Sammy
cat got your tongue now we're going to
Dutch braid Hailey's hair while it's
clean and wet and she's either going to
have cute Dutch braids in the morning or
the braids don't look great she can take
them down and have really curly so we
need to do the question of the day curly
or straight hair what do you prefer on
yourself
Hayley prefers curly curly cute hey Inez
it was in braids we were playing around
with hairstyles and I went up strength I
want to master this thing where you do
most of the hair over here and then like
this braid and so I attempted it today
all right okay I like yours with big
curl although these curls are pretty
cool too Lord hate is hateful and Hayley
has these perfect curls that all you do
is
wash her hair part it and let it dry and
she's got beautiful curls connected
uh-oh I don't need
I can't braid them without with them
connective yeah all right guys
end of the day hope you enjoyed today's
video be sure to tune in tomorrow to
find out where we're going my god
alright adios amigos see you tomorrow
always remember to celebrate
thanks for watching Chris Haley
