time for my carry so I am going on a
field trip so I'm going on a field trip
and Alyssa - Joe can I do who never sees
around you part of it robot suit of
monkeys
now I'm getting we're going to pick
mary-kate and Danielle oh that's cool
no no pick them up from school yeah yeah
stick them up some school grasses text
and the room to Triple R it illogically
right after but you know very key in
Danielle hungry so I'm on the fence I'm
very happy that I'm going up steel dress
because they save me from school finally
we got them
thank you
look at the haircut
look look so cute that is - Jen yells
issues like in the front I'm shopping
yeah we dig them up then I go to Japan
met
and what I'm eager to meiosis after her
practice and describe some reason
Oh like don't wait up i stickers out
with the bunny oh yeah we are doing
filming a challenge video today but it's
raining we released it was raining that
stops now but you know and the channel
video is short outside oh that's kind of
not good
Piper clearly nobody to sue can you have
a little bunny foo foo mom thank you
hello to you too what's your plan I feel
like the finishes are gonna do with it
where we're coming it's covered forever
we're going to cover there's a very wet
I'll pull it pike so mr. bunny you
didn't see her she's so cute so I come
over here and I see hey right here
Mickey I've got him all day today I'm
hailey making again I'm Nutella sandwich
my cups are weird I'm married I swallow
a head drop it ready here we go hold on
ah come on we gotta go my friend got
that um say what scrap ago ago huh you
gotta get this I can't wear the grading
I'm not a hiccuping are you serious
looking forward but you know what talent
video is a fun
rain or shine maybe I'll make the video
that much cooler yeah
I've only got to go over 20 seconds I
heard her like and being like so much
better nobody just back there like
moaning like in Excel reminds me of
Caleb like I'm a really remote he would
just say I'm happened like he never
talked to me because he wouldn't do it
on camera but he would never stop making
noise he would be sitting back there
silent so when the Connie just make
noise like he did it I think take it on
video Kazan was sleeping remember in the
car yeah
oh my god it was my Kayla stop let's go
somewhere baby a little birdie egg yeah
I'm gonna have a baby
eggs are doing well I saw the mommy on
there and we did confirm that they're
robbing eggs right well it's a Robin on
the nest so for Robin Eckstein egg one
an egg to Robin's name the mom is Robin
Robin Robin Hood Robin Hood Robin Hood's
a boy so oh boy can a girl names and
girls can have poisoning all right guys
it's taken our little baby's time
it was amazing it's a daddy long like
you find you do anything to you flexible
G my turn okay my daddy loves like most
any long enough oh yeah look at the mess
at me too
good job Oh
in four three maybe over a minute all
right don't let the puppy dogs out we
have we have dog who that want to come
out
hello sorry
oh okay that's best the attitude of a
fifteen-year-old right there I don't
even work crying
really he did that with some hoverboards
and look at the bottom area don't make
an L it's a loo loo goodness now look at
this one do you see this
we just colored it in go ahead we need
color
oh pop catches one point what we
think two back Oh funny
not bad cracking but your hair looks
great
really hey Mary Kate it's okay won't you
look we have baby baby burning in the
matter so far door closes daddy can I go
see them
you just flashes oh my golly need my
help
what did I need your help with don't
want Mary Kay you in the back hey Piper
watch out fiver you're in cave got a bat
Susan's not they're freaking to
hyperdrive
your getaway maybe she should - Thank
You Bonnie
oh god Mary Kate's here and we're going
to figure out of take care of the bunny
because we're going out of town this
weekend it's going to be fine so I'm
just going to watch the dogs it's going
to be good cute
your hair looks great I like and I'm not
no Annie your hair looks great
oh my gosh I I know Bailey went with all
these colors Annie and I went with this
but it's lovely she did them all by
herself
oh now she's going to dance overnight
just become a dancer I believe it so
easy here now yeah might have to have a
different coat because I had color
online they look they're too long I need
to be trimmed I don't have time I'll
have time we're just there the other day
getting a nice fix
we were crunched for time not like a
week ago
tell him Annie just go to home again
let's go we're going to that dry stuff
okay can you just rest up and in that
local if you think it's good do you like
the color
i'ma say but I dry we'll put the dry
stuff on its sandwiches again don't
judge me okay
daddy ordered this any but a very good
question well it could be down here he
did there in there okay you always like
our fun game is he always likes to name
them so see if we can figure out who's
is sued auntie em
age money - you um m'kay
these aren't funny well that's gonna
make it what is your girl in J oh they
didn't put your girl on it oh no they're
not delivering me and Annie what you
would need so long oh you suffer they're
so disappointed
did you put India okay with equipment
that and they put age money but they
couldn't put any LeBlanc and your girl
m'kay and done I thought you saw
something on her bone you never know if
they're pay attention to the world or
just in their phone hey y'all
so it is time to question the day I'm
just going to go with you like crunchy
fries or oh I got one self
she like thin or thick right no like
crunchy or soft
oh my clenched whiskey like enough Chi
lunch set the pig potato still in this
yeah not like all crunchy under like a
really soggy one so yeah don't forget to
comment down below you want to know you
know the question of the day is do you
like crunchy or salty no smell not crime
sheer is salty crunchy or soggy gnarly
sake sonnet french fries or bye guys see
you tomorrow bye I always remember to
celebrate life
ah thanks for watching Rick Haley
