that's not oh why are we cutting them
again to make sure what she collected
Sparkle the other day at the Accra meet
yesterday that was yesterday seems like
it was longer ago and apparently we've
opened up the home pocket did you guys
know you could do this am I the only one
that didn't know you could do this alone
when she popped it open and it Canal a
container of sparkles the acro costumes
are super super bedazzled I know that's
the wrong word but
22-24 what she doesn't you get home from
gymnastics when she's supposed to be
doing school she's napping I think you
counted wrong no I'm kidding
you so counted right the first time it's
33 I'm making Oh
to Jenni
which is your favorite sparkle have a
favor seeing if I can distract her from
accounting I think it's working
Oh bunny you're making all kinds of
noise over there look a little here
they're not all bunny doll that's not
true I don't think bunny made an
appearance
sure look how good or ear standing up
right now good job two chubbier hey what
are you doing today nothing
same old Babel
oh good back there g-money
oh look good over here are you mad
GG's mad
got your favorite one you guys can come
in in a second
oh you've got them all turn around
alright red one go over five it's a nice
tactical for take it and go to school
school it's a red away here in the
innocent one two I'm going to hit the
couch and they're going to fly
everywhere yes tell me your favorite one
one zero one and just once and - shut it
by the camera alright my friend
wait they really wanna see them
alternating doesn't want my mommy voice
is going to come out you guys want to
hear them love you wonder why you don't
get school done
Jesus such a douche
well when you're still doing school in
July I'll replay diapers I'll replay
this video and there's a blue window
over here you are gonna hear the mommy
voice Annie I made a geeky money like
this and it put the sparkle I am only
done you can't tell me now yes again
have you ever heard the thing that
saying my does it what what ever
heard what you did yes it says mommy
shouldn't stop you James because we
don't never heard that good don't tell
my dream son Oh Annie
guys she's going to do school thank you
watching see haven't worked with 27 I'm
fast-forwarding so that you'll go to
school 32 31 baby 233 I can tell you
fine
jewel
I so much ruin the cameras all let me
that's all kind of car did you remember
the talk we had in the car this is like
20 minutes ago and he's like we shall
help us behind the scene for tailee and
I'm like we do it's called Brad Ailey
and it's our daily about life that's how
what you see is what you get and she's
like no cuz I'm Way more mature women
I'm like yes sir about that and then she
just proved it okay who wants to take my
cat ears for stupid picture it's just a
picture
I don't feel like I'm always business
lnstead he lures an ethicist
so we're at player practice right now
but we were a little early so we're
special we're selfie taking this is what
it takes for Annie to take one picture
unlike dime suffice so we write down to
11 days to a playlist I'm not nervous at
all actually I get so nervous for them
up there on that stage can we go in
we're no longer early now we're we've
got five minutes to get in there I'm
leaving that's it I'm out of here
I'm just about so close what oh I'm good
I was cute you and this one you don't
don't post a picture oh yeah I gave her
what she wanted so she just want to be
awesome picture Hinata's getting madder
and he's done by know it was me like I
remembered what it was she was had
skates on upstairs and you were like
mommy said you can't imagine mindful I'm
using my hundreds one I'll get higher
than I went in just cool and I smell
blank reply video salty via heaven yeah
yeah oh my gosh I thought they were
joking at first and I look at her other
leg and it's like rash of been blocked
through the car all the way to the Red
Room and oh my cute if you go in there
the customer is your anklet is swollen
it's like red yeah come on Mauro that's
right now she's dancing you know here we
just take this widget a burger you will
dance Mia a while like and I pretended I
was stuck so they're not to get I was
like all the time
Oh Mia gotten someone help that's bad
and are you here than attending do your
parents know yet I'm right here it's
kind of my now maybe no always right
there
I don't know 100 so one of that is like
how did you have your fun the bars okay
where's my mind up when I go on our way
up see turns there so you were going
again when did you fall like so I did it
on a second on the throw just go do it
like this let me you meant too much too
many like a couple really good was that
one of it yeah of course I know the one
you were going to video for be a giant I
know one the video turns out on we
believe it on the yellow this is not
good the 12 days out we now were this
this did you really I know could you
have not time this better Alexa you
after exactly or a couple weeks ago
where she could have recovered you guys
like to a solid even with the bun oh you
both have oh you all have fun
look at it and just heart spikes who
decided to make it all look like you're
tragically walking about God
can you dance Mia yeah
12 days to be precise you'll know by 12
days tell playlist so it's probably
gonna be 30
I guess it could be two weeks cuz
usually go on Sunday well you know we're
going to figure it out we're going to
figure it out I did say not as I'm
session is Warner more nerve inside it
how about just your regular thing
we have got it that was so nice you guys
yeah it was like a party in here it's
always a party
like a dance party in here
when everybody's missing their solos are
kind of empty it's gone it's gone well
they made it through that dance missing
three people kind of hard to do when
there's link spaces everywhere you were
saying about them all right go ahead
they are done that's a wrap for the day
I feel like using a problem you're
bothering me
beautiful I also got that because he
doesn't get on right so I thought if I
said on the camera turn off the music
Brian Adams wrote the salsa whatever
version and you heard redone
Elvis T can't help all um oh yeah he
takes that world you know he's the
original you can't see miracle home I'm
gonna hide like I'm sick I danced at at
eight o'clock they like dating each
other
I kinda like wanted to do something
tonight like do stuff but what like not
just a want you going to take what movie
night movie night no it's too late
embellish what let's go on the boat
messenger cold and rainy my window
wipers are on right now it's actually
never too late too late and keeping in
the day anyways
um so that's what Justin it goes on the
net kitchen Oh daddy's been slaving away
what is it
crab cakes mac and cheese mac and cheese
crab cakes
get off your phone yeah
what does Katie want you just saw her 20
minutes ago yeah what you want now I
gotta fill the bean you just any mean
Goldy drug business says when someone
touches your neck specific truck doesn't
matter this is what we do all of that
when the jokes I'm gonna jokes been over
for an hour and you tried to be serious
but end up thinking about it agree that
sir off every day guys we're going to
eat dinner and we're gonna do a question
of the day and we're going to take a
night I know I got it Slayer 1.0 or 2.0
go back and watch the players and was
the silver not a costume life everything
lives all aspects I like 12.0 wait was
this was which one is this huh oh yeah I
think so and what's from the second I
think I like the first I don't know can
I think I like didn't ever be the
original mmm but I think you guys were
better the second time around that's why
I'm saying so that's why I'm going with
a second one line and you weren't better
than fine you stunk up the stage is that
what you want to hear yours
so what do you think any Haley I think I
have one 100 G all right so that's it
I've also commended on here
playlist 2016 CC and an Orlando 2017 so
here right up here is 2016 beast Orlando
then DC's in Orlando again she's already
put new new one on here yeah alright
food bath and bed I mean bath and
getting ready for bed and then good
night so we'll see you guys tomorrow
ah don't forget yeah Annie no where's
your Hut we want generic crap and dumb
question of the day mmm is she breathing
she's got her mouth full player 1.0 are
you angry no poor no don't listen to her
you can't vote on that yet hey guys
we'll see you tomorrow bye always
remember to celebrate life hey BAE
thanks for watching
Chris Haley
