time for what carry your outside and I
and we're gonna jump on the trampoline
because we have it machoke done the
champion she's shall I tried now we're
out here she can go down yah yah yah yah
Mon guys Wilson and she should when did
you get on your head Winnie she got
along winning oh boy that's Mara a
tragedy so what is that I love it won't
even notice you will Co yellow petition
and she's like cute is like a kangaroo
she likes to hit room actually loves the
snow
so we're gonna go on the trampoline and
the control so we went back inside after
going on the trampoline it was so hot
just so get out here so we're eating
outside we have Jimmy John's love that
dog over here still begging outside but
this is a life what time to Accra meat
free time is it right now
12:55 mmm Rizzoli and that's all ending
on the boat show yeah no it's not it's
just really good oh we wouldn't there's
such lemon yes
okay well cuz my boy was dope just okay
we just shot that was eating um
yesterday I told Haley valium do her
makeup but I never got to it so one is a
little bit of natural makeup mom said
that we could we're gonna go to a
community
laughter you said again and you can wind
it cool so we it feels really wait for
it again no leotard on our gym to be
Arjun exact and precise where's the gym
and I have nowhere turn on it's Sunday
weird but we're going to support manda
Emily and their top Sara and all of our
other acro friends so crazy for the meet
here I know like people some sites other
places lazily those are the prettiest
costumes I've got the word is it called
a costume for Leo Leo okay we're the
most beautiful you glad you didn't wear
those beautiful
hey guys excited nervous just like a big
competition is your state me yeah yeah
kind of been yours how many of you fall
hopeful well done Islamic emphasis for
Valerie but like on the dynamic ankle
fine one I will like fly people are like
saying scores out there and Annie look
to be sure I don't know what that means
like is there anything like no no that
means
oh those are pretty too like why can't
gymnastics Lea look like a highlighter
exactly why can't I look like that
you'll love there and I can't wait I'm
so excited already going to pray Lemke
changed our destination they're really
close like I don't even know yeah
changes one day good luck
Miami so different this is our gym it
looks so crazy in here the visible is
your piece I know I guess they're gonna
they look at this and like is it weird
to be in here like this we came a couple
years ago they had the meet I meet here
you
the
what are you doing okay okay guys come
in you but and then you crash to the
ground
open automatically while I push the
button
oh no all the way in the back my friend
so we gained another child pent
temporarily push up oh I can't do it my
my wrists hurt I hurt my wrist doing
gymnastics I didn't but I don't know
what I did to it Annie I have the button
now and there's a button on the other
side so we're going to the mall because
we already gets them all why should not
it - got it
always closing it always feel like it's
going to fit you but it won't because
that would be that that would be not a
good car - I mean I guess I can hate her
oh so what's the play of them all like
hmmm
you just want to be there yeah sure
party parties you're the mall that's
what friends are for
McKenzie's guiding her because she's
posting her musically is from earlier
journey kids want to shoe shop I love
journey Kim
so Mackenzie's making sure she doesn't
run into anybody
you got it Annie guide her to the
fountain
nothing Eddy teddy says one Lexi flutter
on speed down are you guys all ready
follow but back to Jenny yeah I'm gonna
tell them this we see a French Bulldog
yeah that's kind of say Dee Dee on it
let's go ahead and take that take care
of that for us
boxes oh don't make the box are in a
banana Maddy Maddy Coco you're burping
the horn is not weird it's the new craze
you guys they saw them at the gym just
now and now we've seen it them all and
they are already making their purchases
we told them that's something that you
will have to spend your own money on
there's no one here is there a bell so
they're all digging for their money
g-51 yes I should paint the burglars in
220 but attacks - you have a dollar yeah
okay oh my goodness you guys have saved
your money I don't know there's no one
here well maybe he'll come out here now
that I hear the phone ringing
yeah dinners are the new things
apparently okay Roberta oh now we open
them and show how it works if they
didn't never seen me before you clicked
on that up school is pinning her hand
might not even such true Oh super fun of
your fidgety this might be the thing for
you octo stuff
what we're not kidding there's other
kids watching us with thinner skin you
know they're going to raise that price
back it's like a one of those oh my god
oh yeah well look at the whole aisle not
you know sometimes like school sometimes
more Olivia okay Haley take your gift so
I was right when I guess just this smell
or no yes or no does it smell like
fruity or not
smell so good
Wow impressed
and
Wow
oh never it me I don't think me either
getting here
their changes at all until history I
she's hiding from me she's hiding from
us make another purchase feel some good
purchases going on today
yes but um those are really two good
color
they match today they're way up there
friend can we get the pair for this huh
she's got to get prepared for the
goodbye like I'd have a little chili
what they're like gearing up for this oh
because you're not going to see each
other in like 12 hours that's a little
over 12 hours
yeah are you just doing realistic fun
part oh you're going to hump her some
more sparkles they collected sparkles up
all the accra girls like beautiful
competition we know they don't fill my
camera there you go so Annie collected
some and her what are those things plot
socket alright that was fun my friends
you guys have a good evening - we'll see
you in the morning yeah the allergies
have taken over and face and he's not
feeling great
she's got itchy eyes the question of the
day yeah but we better see what she's
covering up so I don't wear makeup okay
I really couldn't tell you were wearing
much oh now you feel okay yeah mark
appear pretty and he's like I'm rubbing
my eyes I don't care by how little
mascara on looks like you got a black
eye or nanny oh stop it
sassy I'm allergic to the weekdays oh
that you are so pretty
Gigi Gigi come alright we're all just
sitting on the couch as allergic
reaction yeah are you allergic to
anything everything hi Winnie like you
learn about
some makeup yes you are allergic to
whatever makeup that was Annie's
allergic to yeah
pollen and grass sometimes not Argus is
our dresses different different what
grass Lila agree you had you gotta use
the makeup white I think that might be
the first time that I've let you and
this is not the beginning let you wear
makeup out like to like anyone to
practice makeup so say thank you mommy
cuz we're not going to make a habit of
it I said because she had probably
already explained this right but Annie
had promised Haley to do her makeup
yesterday and we just didn't have time
and we knew we were going somewhere
today but I'm like fine yeah so that's
it this is what we're going to be doing
until they go brush their Kieffer's
maestro really it could I thought you
can have a panic attack in the mall
she's like this I go way through is are
you allergic to anything
comment down below guys we already said
family you already look miserable
Oh meanwhile I'm over here tickling hey
I love you do daily mom I know Haley
yeah
calmly alright my friends it's been a
good day it was kind of like a relaxing
day we didn't have anywhere for sure it
we had to be and we enjoyed going to the
hacker I mean well we didn't have to go
we wanted to go like it wasn't like I
don't explain it it was like just
relaxing it was good to be just that's
how life works and you wrote it yeah I
want you to see this uh-huh it's like on
my name it's so itchy
your eyes and your original a tree and
she was like scratching
over there side of the outside of it at
the mall did you guys run Mycenae
majiggy in what thingy majiggy
oh those things I'm calling it now I
think those are the next big thing where
is mine
can we get one can you bring it in but
in Daddy's pocket I think yeah all right
oh yay we'll see oh you wanna show me
your collections yes all they did when
they weren't watching their friend
compete you did you help collect yeah
and alive is what she's got going on
mm-hmm
they are like little sequences they felt
found on the floor gyms and stuff from
those fancy acro Leo's amazing now all
right we just gabbed on for like four
minutes so this is where we're gonna say
good night good night good night see you
guys tomorrow
always remember to celebrate life hey
babe
thanks for watching Chris Haley
