today on boot aioli it's pretty sad
because I don't get to see my friends
anymore
time for what kami we're gonna try to
fit through this small Hey oh hey daddy
look see you do it for me for this film
okay how to triple that so we are going
in Haley and daddy are going oh horse to
the back to the right in the world hole
yes no stop
oh so going for decorating her outfit oh
my
now we're going Haley's never too late
over horse
cool
what did you do it's all what you keep
it on your face leaving yours and you
roll around in it
as I bring a good thing that sharing me
because if it's taken some of the dirt
off of this usually roll around
you
so the job if you never let go of her on
do it
what is this like a giant pop I know we
are in the car going to Sonic and I'm
about to get ready for my knee and I'm
really hungry
never again go get food horse or good
good solvent you started Charles yeah
yeah it was cool but I didn't really
have to bounce his he was like bouncing
mm-hmm we are in the middle of doing
Haley's hair
it's her state meet today last meet so
you know we got to get the hair did I'm
coming over here to see what Annie's
doing because I've heard a lot of noise
while I'm doing Haley's hair
you are we did it a long time ago and I
really did it so I did the same way and
it in work should you do a bowl gone and
then you drip your other show you know
iron wasted so much doesn't matter
so you get this and you let it drip into
the water and then not regret on our
houses time but it will expand and you
keep going get your finger and you put
it around and it's core design didn't
work no I'm seeing this colony when you
nail polish bail you watch so it sounds
like like you put too much water
no I don't think so oh yes it was doing
on my nails but you've done this before
and it worked
I wonder if a certain kind of nail
polish alright my friend we need to
finish this
and yeah after your meat if you'd like
how long do you know yes we got them
taken off well not technically taken off
they were the ladies of the nails do you
ever say this in a video the ladies at
the nail salon because she had just
gotten them done week I'm done for like
photo shoot in LA and then we had to get
them needed and taken off for gym but
they weren't ready to come off they said
you were too new so she still has the
acrylic on here they're just analyst Oh
matching masks whoa cool I didn't know I
have that same color here so the
acrylics Alana just trimmed and filed
were 45 minutes out from needing to
leave she has an evening meet tonight
do you like evening meet or morning
morning you'd like to be able to be done
if your meet with us morning I thought
you liked me I thought she was the one
that's like I love to take such oh my
voice crack I just don't want to go to
me meets and you're the one that doesn't
want to go to practice but you love the
meat
I'm so funny I'm going to smoosh you
guys together uh-huh don't you know the
other way
all right either Haley's pre meat ritual
we hope it relaxes her it calms her what
do you guys do comment down below what
you guys do to make is to get ready for
like a big event like a big baseball
game or a good saw a big soccer game or
cheer competition or dance competition
whatever you guys do I'm a big concert a
singing concert or a chess tournament or
school cruel test yes what do you guys
do Haley plays on her phone and she
helps me takes her out of the world for
a little home all right
we're going in
Alexa's done Haley just startin how do
you do Alexa awesome congratulations
thank you go oh my goodness
congratulations boba continue doing what
you're trying to get the quality time
with a baby that's easy
look at those baby hands see like yeah
right okay give me a hug and a kiss good
let me oh my god fine okay just make
sure thank you thank you
we're at Taylor and then I got it
straight we're settled in so I like to
stay in a season my hair there's a giant
fan up here it actually feels really
good daddy's getting me Leah chef oldest
I'm trying to film them where is it oh
my not getting a good angle of you I'm
sorry recess is better a pretty angle
are you okay you're pretty for every
income oh cool what is that it's in the
bar the bar or you're really starting we
got really bad seats so I'm going to not
enough like stand up not just lay on the
bench but we're going on a solo I'm
gonna be on person so I don't think it's
her turn yet they're true
our
oh yeah she's over there what are you
doing what you doing let's go lean
forward
we reach out that guy's go back and
screenshot I knew it I agree I like your
clothes don't suit your tits
no Tom Cruise Arturo like it no I like
it I won't like it cuz I'm in control of
what we've like some doesn't like him do
you guys look nice you know I don't
think they were clapping for that score
but I am so zoomed on a new it zoomed in
on you guys that's awesome
yeah I can hear you guys talking while I
was filming Hailey's warm-up standing
here it's scaring you banana what your
look I believe the been a messy hair
alright she's coming up soon
laughs event you guys bars laughs that's
a wrap on Haley's last meet y'all got
breaks for the company now is a fat base
that I made her get off your shoulder
why is your face all spot - that is are
you crying
yeah actually you can choose to close
you guys you're not looking at me that
Brandon right and it's snowing
that's not weird it's like completely
every value
I get really dirty with a boy I know way
to go
you're tired you do that you want to go
under this truck they'll be fine
come on tell you what going to the truck
yeah you're going to go under I'm not
going under too short
oh dude roll Howie's I'm short I know I
was gonna go under and then I got right
up to enough like that's a way shorter
than I thought it was going to be I look
like this door and I was like go in it
so you started I got it
do you want to explain to everybody what
that mean meant to you well what I mean
well has me because I am quitting nastic
but it's not that bad because I'm
actually going to dance it's pretty sad
because I don't get to see my friend
anymore
this is justice I can still see Alexa
this just in your room you want to
invite a feel like um I'll bite in
my all of my teeny
plated and uh I should do that for my
birthday
yeah sure do it do it looks good I
already planned out my birthday what'd
you get yeah and so you already made the
big announcement yeah yeah it's good
with your decision you sure Never Say
Never you can always go back but we'll
try this out and can I say goodbye to
them like all of them it's not smashing
by my knowledge amazing so you want to
go to practice on Monday no not we are
going pretty Monday oh there is no
practice you want to go to practice on
Wednesday you go you the best yeah yeah
you go in there to say goodbye this oh
we could go at the end of practice one
okay sounds good Oh new beginnings
what's next yeah oh I offended you
you're deploying the boat in Iceland
Alan mmm so congratulations on your last
gymnastics meet photographer you're
retired you're hanging on Balu okay guys
I was playing at mango it was really
good see these no that's on my hair's up
everything but a turf course today
which is Apple playing an apple some
wire or Android I would say Apple me
just I have an early Apple I've never
had an Android I really want one though
Apple is the only thing I really know
but yeah so don't forget come to Malaga
soon enough the boys did a Oh or Android
we will see you guys tomorrow happy
monday through is monday for you guys
hmm sorry
well my name isn't that mud is horrible
horrible the worst day ever
where's my shame Linda's hi guys always
remember to celebrate a thanks for
watching
Rick Haley
