time for what cami all right let's go do
some school of school and please stop
wrong why'd you have to pack a big lunch
for school birthday is that your Earth
Day clothing hmm what is Earth Day Deena
don't say no when the earth was born I
ate on the way home from Jim gonna do
some school then I paint my nails says I
cut them really really should I get my
food up the car and also get daddy you
want to get some how you're gonna close
the door at Leigh move on it is okay
fire distinct stuff so yeah oh do school
and leave my rabbit alone oh there we go
baby bunny come be a little baby funding
then he say do school and not mess up a
little baby bunny a little baby bunny
does need attention so we try to give
little baby bunny attention a few times
a day any attention Halley attention
daddy attention and I don't look at
money we don't even call bunny by bunny
name huh frisbee bunny see can't do it
can't Google I don't look at the note
honest amazing and they say the lady at
the place where we got her say like
their nose is very sensitive so it's
like if we touch that bunny in the nose
it's like touching you and your eye like
I don't like it and he doesn't mind
sheer of a mess and if you have a rough
practice
don't touch her nose thank you
she will let me know Khan yeah Danny is
like poking you in your eye come here
come here come here come here come here
you like that ha ha
I got you bunny if you go in laundry
room you know mediscare again that's
your fault you let her out
I got her guys well that's my bad Oh
something's wrong with my wrist you guys
I heard it but I don't know what I did
to hurt I don't know sore I totally
closed the trunk today and it hurt bad
like I don't know what's wrong with it
I'm not going to the doctor for it until
it stops me from doing things I'll have
time for that so well Annie just did it
her like look at the tail and I can
adapt Adi bankable forever he just loves
me tell you that what I do say about
links we had a cat a long time ago links
loved me I annoyed poor links kind of
like Annie of annoying move on yeah we
keep it like you do this hey guys
right now I'm outside and going on the
trampoline and that's pretty much all
I'm doing and the dolls are out and I
just got home from school we are going
to a dance competition this Carey's team
is in a dance competition
we've never been doing an official dance
competition we've been to one of those
like show like this
like shows where it's all hers it never
a competition we want to go check it out
you might win to get your you have your
hair stuff and your weight you got away
to the develop north so Annie is with a
friend she didn't want to hang out with
us
so she's hanging out with friends
friends friends and we're just on our
way
a big yet decision
what is 9/4
and I use my calculator are you let me
see turn that bone around
yes'm okay 9/4 the game this follow the
road ha ha ha ha 1
9 divided by 9 9 divided by 3 1 I'm
kidding
ok you just started doing division is
ice cream but you know how to change
that up right after yourself what
what do I have to multiply times 40
tickets to get nine
three times what gives me that
this lead f1 gives you 9 what 3 times 1
3 10 3 there and I'm not easy to bother
but for you for some time just gotta
break it down one more / - 4 / - oh I
was way faster the score very good and
you watch me what is 6 divided by 2
Wow she got super fast you're a math
genius anything so wait there I love
even looking but keep on coughing all
right here we are we're here this is
kind of cool because like though I go
and wash you yeah now we're going to
come see what miss Kari is for ever from
ago yes when you said when it comes to
Rowan's my solo
when Georgia nonliving so composite work
film any sample you just can't film on
the stage I can't be up on the stage
filming them I can't film the things
going on I can't film the same you hear
that people because it's like
copyrighted yeah yeah and where the pay
like could teach me the way um no it's
free is it
just right here in front of us oh come
on a leash and did we do it Haley honey
wait keep sitting next to teamwork Oh Oh
your knees get up your honor phones here
in a texting yeah yeah there goes your
flex muscles okay she's seriously sexy
this is Louie Rocky's like me okay
dramatic goodbyes
that was so much fun we learned so much
about the dance world of these beauties
it was fun right no that was all right
because we know nothing about the dance
world now you do we do I feel like I
feel like we could be dancers this vide
maybe one day we are weird
maybe we'll be a dancer what did you
learn okay right oh it's on really good
so and the phone
 but face the camera and hold it Oh
hold it Oh are we do are you supposed to
hold it with your arms and you carry
your ankle Oh
okay all right all right Mexico legs are
gonna get a sponsor right look at you
all right my friends all right
oh it's fun miss Carrie thanks for
having a decision it could be fun
oh you think that's going to happen one
day for you or maybe a family Haley
loves to dance so this could be could be
seeing that soon you had a moonwalk
those shoes are everything hailey and
brings big weight did here you guys made
it through our first date she's happy I
was what I was impressed she was hard
nightmare I've only been to like I've
only seen on TV Dance Moms the only
thing I meant I've never seen it in
person it is a little different because
you're seeing everybody instead of like
30 minutes of a TV show that's not all
all dance where'd you go yeah you are
so that is different because it's once I
didn't realize that it's one after
another on yeah like the music does the
song in like 20 seconds and the next
one's going it was cool it was cool it's
a completely different than a gymnastics
meet
not again a good or a bad way just
different
you think the giraffe accretion you have
will we all can agree next to theirs and
they warm off yeah this is just it was
cool it was cool I enjoyed it a make up
in the costume I don't find myself thing
those judges must give life
so right we can take our eyes off of it
like Evanston aspects to though I got to
get a little break during warmup yeah
sandwiches it's what's for dinner
tired kids we got a couple sleepy kids
over here but we're going to make some
sandwiches for dinner okay if you want
to go ride your horse anymore we got
about nine so you better get to bed so
you can wake up and go horseback riding
you going to the farm too
all right well on the agenda tomorrow as
you can tell horseback riding and seeing
Luna Haley's got her state meet tomorrow
so right now we're going to make some
sandwiches and put these little girls
damages to bed you have a secret there's
a rumor that Luna might have someone I
understand not a me that someone might
be writing anything guess who that
someone might be to ride your horse for
the first time I don't get to know oh
okay the surprise it's a surprise it
should be coming soon we're gonna go try
to film it if we can make it there on
time we'll film it we'll let you guys
see Lunas first writer up exciting stuff
so aisle while you wait right now in the
video we're going to go over to her
getting her teeth done when I got our
teeth cleaned up kind of super cute so
you can see it and they can see it
welcome back I hope you enjoyed that
cute mouth of teeth we're going to go
right into the question today because
they're tired comes in with teeth what's
your favorite - what's your favorite
tooth which one is it your two front
teeth what's your favorite teeth the
front ones that one your your your right
front tooth my food people are to be
describing teeth back one cuts go oh you
stuff
mine are the canine ones appointing ones
I think those are fun
some people's mine are pointy yours are
minor points here then you have pointy
ones did you get some teeth from me
there's a weird conversation no yours
aren't pointy like mine hey huh hey
pointy that is are yours pointy no
really too much
so later my babe because my teeth are
positively brilliant comment down below
my friends what's your favorite tooth
probably the weirdest question today
we've ever had but I like it
I expect tons and tons of comments on
this one and we'll see you tomorrow
tomorrow I'm gonna be a good day to tune
in always remember to celebrate life
change based on thanks for watching
Rick hailey
