time for what Carrie I'm learning
everybody or at the gym I feel like I
haven't been hearing forever forever
weary and where is she
oh I see her we got to do something oh
she's working on jump Clooney and II do
something
Annie Amy
when she doesn't know she's being sown
any broken nail at the gym we didn't get
them off taken out we had every instance
of getting them taken off because
they're too long for a gym but it broke
so we're going to try to do that
we're going to get a little school then
we got Flair seats the longest window
yeah mum layer later tonight so we're
going to try to get them done so for for
flounder yeah school first
let's move out together Reni was they
don't seem too well now if you care you
trying to say I think you realize
realizing hey Gigi what you got money
loan is big money is big bigger than GE
TT like you see hit so we come in a tell
us about the bunny now is open there's
no one loss potential I love the bunny
itself a beautiful potatoes amusing so
Morgan we're here you dummy really over
here there till she has killed him open
a piece either we're gonna let Piper
have a chance when he was very good with
her to look at his face look at that
face
you know she's gonna be like Oh bunny
they're just different dog Piper be nice
you got a warrant i purr Piper you be
nice good girl okay Amy what you doing
baby you're not allowed on the couch
good Piper that's good that she's not
like she's like the bunnies on all rules
must be off the windows I can count
count to two they don't seem to care I
think we waited the right amount of time
everyone's gonna she's the only one in
our yeah this is awesome
usually it's meet outside hybrids the
one that doesn't listen as much as well
as the other two here come to bunny yeah
like that's a good thought
watch those paws she's just hyper just
moves faster than when he does the bunny
doesn't care thank you all these bunny
into a spear you need to clean that mess
up just because you wore the bunny can
just get away from you if she wanted
though she can go behind sup stuff hyper
I'm so proud of you Ruby why some
caramel temple so your first cup it
might be no down your first puzzle
that's out you can't see right here Oh
rigid are you look in the mirror at it
yeah good Jim shake your face is still
dry from peeling do you think your face
burns we got sunscreen on it oh I was
like whoa hold on
I thought the rule was actually the
rules no dogs on the couch I don't like
the bunny on the cop either I'm afraid
she's gonna pee she says well she's
about her I know like we used to have a
vacuum up when a bunny without like
vacuum up all the poop pebbles hey ever
you want to call on me and
but now she seems like this might be
gross so warning warnings don't watch if
you don't want to see rabbit poop but
she seemed the poop over here so she's
all that's clean okay when we're all out
here in the living room watching and all
the dogs are in the house and the
bunnies out you have to be very careful
but this is cool we're only going to do
it for a few minutes but this is new
this is exciting and I need to listen
okay Piper and Winnie come on you know
if I go out just get away from her give
her a second to breathe football however
when you are computing it equals right
that's why we got to watch them
everything in the competition these days
we just want to another honesty the
rabbit food notice she's not doing oh
you are brave they all have to come
check it out anymore those were left
yeah this is so exciting I am so excited
ready to move yeah this is what I was
hoping for I didn't think it was ever
going to be possible I wasn't sure yeah
but I think it's gonna happen I think
they're gonna be okay just gonna be slow
still a couple minutes slowly slowly
no red roses
Billy why'd you let her do that
now watch know how to pick this thing up
didn't ya because I don't want to shoot
those cords you can't just stay under
there come on oh wait let her season
come back out with you do that she just
fell she's fine she doesn't get this
duck why did you move up here the dog is
her no sir
watch me you have to pull up my snapchat
beautiful the vehicle using a picture my
snapchat that was like it gets snapchat
rolls I'm gonna place that on my
Instagram and says have a wonderful
Thursday doesn't dare shoot she's a
weird she's been bugging me she been
bugging she sounds like your goodbye
together oh she heard her then oh don't
do it yeah yeah hey little darling I'm
gonna fight anybody who comes around
she's so tough this year oh they are
shiny little it was a sharpie yes you
want to punch I know my name is oh my
god
thank you thank you guys inside a bike
you're so hard right now
bye hey so right now I'm doing my
spelling words and mom is brushing my
hair and I'm going to where are going to
play snaps actors yeah left wrap out to
eat yeah we'll get some food too
a must this is my smelling or no no no
we don't really see that wait what's
your hardest word on there um right now
sir
rhinoceros I don't even a kind of spell
rhinoceros lended r8 r rh i in oh you
know Rhino rhino z eroy13 you okay
what be elt am i smarter than a second
grader fun FA RM yes our which our is it
in a sentence
is it our like that in what the our like
what our like time or like you and me
our spelling time Alice Hou r GH OS T
was that
do you even know all right what is I'm
your life you can't do you have to say
it rh y and z prime your new daya rhythm
rhy
ehm i got hard work for a second grader
you know I had a little hand rhinoceros
it would be easy re too easy honest h0
in EST it's time for some dances i'm
gonna donate anything your what I'm not
over yet okay
it's like wondrous to the come on and
get over it
now I shouldn't say that I don't want a
sense any of the line lovers of America
for the world
all the peoples all people's love I'm
lose everything
cool-kid it's Mia and her daddy
Joey's lost at me I get laughed out a
lot when I vlog but it's okay I'm being
creepy you know for Haley what are you
doing
say hello like a normal person to messy
bun turn around turn around
mom you scared me Amy do you like it
well she's not gonna like it you take it
down I think they're cute you want to
see she's going to look I mean this is
gonna be like she's not gonna like it
I love that's too messy buns it's
exactly what she wanted oh come on
they're adorable oh you pulled them well
will tickle you I'm just tired of me
speak so good miss Carrie so good are
you so much yeah you bet you always do
in what you do beaten people like
reflecting we really don't is it oh I
don't think I have anything they'd like
of hair you know you didn't do it hair
it's kind of like this I kind of like
gin well Roz I don't know here here yeah
your hair looks good too I don't think I
saw this when they walked those marks
yeah these these two have 100 we're a
little I know we're good thank you
she dozen I love her her I thank you she
asked me yes she asked for messy buns I
did messy buns and gone all right are
you know better over the cosmo she's
upset about this hair
that because everything is here you guys
are going to get it first if everybody
gave me their preferred outfit you might
be something like better and I have more
pieces than there are kids show can I do
that now this doesn't mean that I'm not
going to add to cutoff sleeves and then
we're going to do a grant and all that
stuff so it's going to be fairly
different this is a law it's like the
open romper with a broad topic you
that's Q like octopus freeze but like a
little hippie stop Q right I've ever did
professor awesome ah those are what
comfortable actually
and then I'm actually a second pair of
those yeah I speak you Annie when I come
here and then we have two or three more
pairs of shorts a little person but I
want them like rolled up with like big
belt buckles and stuff yeah we're the
panel called ensue battles fun nd that
is awesome so nice person what station
is ha you're kidding just a little
looking on a lot oh well the Panther
lies you left near here's what I would
do like you wear pants I know let's go
I chose it shorter okay what am i
picturing that number one okay no person
is black it would be like a black sports
bar something they are no pants I like
it and let me know okay okay okay I see
yes really
I say yes in advance to and I like the
shirt but there's other sharks if you
want to try different ones I like the
shirt doulas cartwheel or someone in it
to see how it's like what it does that's
cool
it didn't move such a that's really good
it does look good
yeah you will come out here and you will
show me be honest me
meeow meeow
wait let me feel anything why are you
Italian
she likes baggy concepts Elvis look like
about shirts I made that tiny change you
need to be comfortable like I always
tell you we Chile what faster if you
want to earn more you know like the
short you do okay so you need pants I
try the cargo pants on three more no
you'll see it I like the short and then
you're going to put that skirt on that
everything's good is used but you're
going to about we're going to fix the
huge mass you have to wear for under me
no she does no I do it at the same time
you got a lot of rocks are you so pitch
I do it now I'll teach you how to vlog
you you've got work see if that's better
put your hand in there yeah like what
are you doing me are you decided I like
that one still not feeling it I like it
other options this is we're getting cute
what do you think I'm liking
and then I feel like you stood up and
out music we're going to film at this
time
okay crisis averted we remembered it
about items but they got it all under
control now we can just go through over
and over and over till it's perfection
today or for the video yep Mohawks would
be cool okay ban Catholics they need bit
hanging hair it's gonna be amazing
okay we're going to run there for real I
just had to get me a new eyeglass over
now walk through at us these guys are
going to throw blocks today I'm going to
film it so we don't forget it again
oh we're gonna be amazing yes miss
Carrie
you're gonna make them break an angle
Wow
really vo Ava's innocent where's your
camo tierney are you riding me let me
just have a better fighter to buy back a
ruby crystal right I have hats I said am
i he chose our sisters queen you can't
decide on shoes have a couple Ironman
will Joker good would look good without
shirt Danny yeah I know how another
player practice in the book where's my I
like that put in another practice and we
miss over Easter hi guys
some put it um we are home sweet home
okay you need to write your words at
least a couple more times please please
and thank you you need to go get pajama
non cuz you're falling asleep standing
up and um yeah that's what needs to be
going on right now yeah googoo pajamas
on what's the question of the day let's
go what I know I know I know okay let's
do what your favourite shape for grouchy
pants all right
a heart I like a triangle right angle
I do like triangles I don't know I've
always liked triangles what's your
favorite circles is that your face nice
circle and quite much faith in triangle
no what's your babes and where you are
not supposed to be eating with your
mouth open
no no not even
of this yeah I said it right she's got
it wrong no and she's walking with your
nozzle it should be talking about why
can't I get this one straight
okay so fave is the heart fate of the
circle hey so now no favorites
okay now comment down below that's what
you guys do that's your homework
Haley's going to finish her homework and
that's a wrap on the day outfit it's
done during and he's not scared yet
because I don't know if she's heard it
just once and baby Annie it's raining oh
hey Google turn all the lights on the
bomb because she like to squish Lang and
we know you share Shu share
is it really alright my friends no we
don't accept that was your little
quickie collection bring the jar wishy
collection reveal heads and the newest
Kashi just figure I'll be all the
rainfall and the dream is doing the from
me a ruined it okay yeah there you're
not the food there it's a Kenya and
beverage
shelter in this one I'm beer love that
girl but take it I'll beat and just
chopped off
thanks Mia this is great boy will I beat
me up up this it's all you got
oh wow good one to show you showed me
that we can sleep so you know no good
say goodbye great
are you like is that like slime
seriously this is a squishy is no
because I'm smell it does smell good
like strawberry no yeah yeah alright bye
bye see you tomorrow
one one one I always remember to
celebrate like hey babe
thanks for watching Britt Haley
