time for my carry a week I'm going to
take you into there's more that's what
it is you're out for Easter Easter
Eggers I'm the group ID and let's go on
your favorite part about going to Ellen
I'll give this Florida
we're holding or the Easter egg hunt
with my cupcake addiction no no thank
you
who are you ah
I was taken place if you're like wow hi
e1 and I another and suddenly I'm a done
cupcake right happy be home with your
friends my dog yet yeah I gotta go vixen
oh yeah it was close by more I said your
bunny
anyways a bunny is that Emily
Oh my pictures yeah Emily gets funny cuz
Emily wants bunny so we thought this
would be a good idea like yeah yeah so
we're for one here and support there
have a band I can take care of it Laska
we're going to see the bunny even that
interested in her she shouldn't be a lot
bunny because she came from a breeder
that is all there there weren't any lot
bunnies at that place so long the ones
at the ears
flip over but one of her ears is
definitely drooped over and we've tried
I thought
ear might they got your infection
treated them both and that you're still
so I don't know how she's a lot and one
year are going to be sick because we
were filming a music video and I was in
the freezing cold school China girl
stood yes
I thought the pool was heated I didn't
find out though later in the Sun it
started to go down so I was like the
pools in the same and she comes out shot
she said I was like I wouldn't had you
in there who do we have here good
morning guys Oh Annie's gonna be so
excited that we got you all three of you
and your faces did you guys miss them
like we miss them you miss puppy videos
we're getting the money later tonight
and we're going to get Annie sometime
this week to see your horse cuz she had
it's been a while hey Gigi oh he's
putting the food in put in the Piggy
foods in yay sometimes I wonder why we
have three cuz mr. Billy bought a
present for himself and that was Gigi no
enemies everybody knows we love dogs so
one not crazy three the little overboard
all right let's get you met Tom they're
sweating so what is so hot huh super do
you get to go home y'all they smell so
good
that'll last about a little while ago
when he goes on swallows in the dirt
well she loves us all man
whoa whoa slow down there turbo you got
precious cargo in the back so hey guys I
just got in the car from school and um
it was really good to have my seen my
friends again and everyone was like oh
my god she's here it was like hi a
little bit I had a lot of people that
went places I didn't know they are
looking at this somewhere and I want to
that one girl Amelia Aruba there's
always time for a picture
Emily I heard her back
so that was Emily oh I still will miss
you Emily ah she's going to be in and
out of the gym for a little while while
her back healed who Annie she grew are
you ready
did you have a good daddy I can't
believe you didn't yell oh my gosh you
got so much energy you didn't you didn't
miss Easter well I mean because it's a
month oh it's only 11 a.m. LA Times oh
just wait till that third day when
you're like okay running around you can
see my ring today and I took it like a
big Syrian Network and you don't you
didn't eat because you weren't hungry
have you eaten anything now good good
very huh yeah thanks that's what friends
are for to feed you when you're hungry
let's get home the act is real by anyone
on the line and I was here with you
fantastic I need another daughter but
thank you pears are either
another song to the dance uh when is a
dance are we going to be here but the
way our schedule sometimes girls have
what win is if you know you don't
well can you find out so I can put that
on the calendar to do our best to be
here for every year they do a miscarry
dance because everybody is in the
military everybody line up was she
saying it or she looks the shade
lipstick up cute the show is about to
start and we walk in and then loui
lacquer flat feet we laughs we go off
laughing and then like Jake hey my face
Jake a I wanna show you something hi the
doctor
Noah thought about you mini sense
you notice anything
ah you got changed 10 o'clock
hold that like I said you're not her
hands I'm a little sad I know a time
because you only been poisoned since
we've released your last name we've been
trying I get it changed
yes guys Hayley hat she had Hayley's
permission I said that I know I know but
I was a story behind that because you
definitely you took because she was like
being all sassy yes I did because she
said we I might have a video never
saying something but it was wrong like
he's like you say yeah but she was
pronouncing it wrong and so until you
corrected her and she made that choice
she made that thing that's hysterical
yeah so Annie is now annual block she's
that is her she's press handstand no
longer always be right hand stands one
of this picture went down Haley please
I would be trying to stay together
you're just it's an appropriate enough
rope y'all are funny Jelena oh yeah you
are nice and above honey what are you
guys doing it they were being loud hi
I'm Annie Leblanc
I am 12 and I don't just open my door
okay but you didn't even come out here
eating ha ha hello my name is Annie I am
12 years old I am 411 Mylene I came in a
different door okay we'll try this city
hello I am 411 and my dog over my door
again mr. Brad that's a wrap like it
takes this off the tripod we got our
little setup you want up here I might be
yeah they can come out now they they
make a lot of noise is our setup that's
our light where were my babies there's
like can you just let us out really
under it Ilana you're a mess come on
let's play Jackie just loves you guys
get that in our own time
she usually lives there hailey still
resting
to darkness in her face take her a
little while oh my gosh you guys LA was
nice but it's pretty nice out here today
I was on I know they had good weather
while we were gone we were supposed to
have a good weather
what would you okay
look through it she won't bring it back
mr. driving a night tell we missed you
it's all your faces look at how
beautiful she is
I love her oh don't um aunt Annie ha no
she doesn't
I got you baby sis don't do it don't do
it your weirdo
potato we can hear you in I said they
weren't talking to you because fat dork
it doesn't matter what they said that
you weren't talking to you I'm gonna
give Haley the sleep cuz I bet she wants
to come outside what are you looking for
your necklace because because he gave it
to me to wear while you were at the gym
today
seriously I could take this weather any
day
all right so Annie nailed that nice we
have another one to film tomorrow are
you itchy
she's you made it have another one to
film for a completely different show no
we're gonna you're going to go over the
lines I think you should she taped the
strip both shows to the shower and she
was washing her hair and she learned
them in the shower
yeah she's got funny skin oh do you
think you'll get a show like you think
you'll get apart like either a guest
star or a extra or huh - oh oh you don't
want to just be like a one-hit one
episode you're like I want I want to own
it just kidding
it's been fun even if you don't get a
part I think it's been a learning
experience front tuck back tuck full
and then we need to go in because their
dogs are barking and they need to come
in with us come to start up here a
little right there yeah you got it
that's cool come on out feels so good I
wish you guys could feel this this is
one of the prettiest days I miss
whatever you were doing
no sorry I was looking at the beautiful
day yeah that's cool a lot I guess you
get so offended when I'm not like oh my
gosh Annie you're like totally the best
ever like you're like a good trampoline
jumper no one is better than you at
trampoline jumping no it's fun so much
lay down oh she looks humongous you guys
oh my god hi how are you guys
welcome home you lop eared bunny look at
her ear daddy just oh hello she huge oh
you got big thanks Emily yes thank you
Emily to thank Emily for one junior home
boy me hey my girl like here's a ball
down oh my god aw she's gone eight days
comment Emily must have trained her well
oh she demonstrates to judge how and we
says she pushes her head through the
bone it Wiggles her way out she said she
woke up and she was sitting on the bed
my saving five dollars
oh it's baguette eyo here Haley get some
water get the water so Haley's all
rested oh she wants a lot Tim my water
hey Brandon hey quiz be with me oh my
gosh you guys eaten some denden oh we do
high low usually when we eat as a family
which isn't very often oh why didn't I
let her day
what brings your legs that's your low
set your low that your legs hurt
and so one thing up our high and a low
I'll give you guys okay you already know
okay go the high is that happen over
here hello that was really tired today
she had to come home early from school
she didn't make it the other day but
he'll I think you have to think of
something that was good nothing have you
got going the trampoline there you go
that's great my name is Antoni day where
was the camera at Haley
yes Mary cakes my heart beated
information home she wasn't a hostage
your lower the day that you came home oh
my high name okay wait yeah man what am
I gonna tell you my house looking for
just wait while your daddy's hard to go
over to jr. yes that broken computer
Milo today is that I did that today
because it was like 4:00 in the morning
when that happened oh yeah so you were
up all night yeah okay she took another
bite model angry my height a I got to
see Piper when DTG frisbees and their
case and it was I thought she's gonna
leave you out
she loves me she does and I love is that
I had to wake up early we're all looking
at you like kind of glad you woke up I
woke up at 5 in the morning
la time oh we're so tired I'm really
tired ok ok so that's it you guys we're
going to end it there because as soon as
I get rid of her and her we going to man
kalim interesting my dog oh yeah you
haven't seen granby yet all right my
friend that was a good day it was not
much to it
same ole same ole Haley are going to
school all day tomorrow so you're going
to bed soon alright Oh comment down
below
y'all do it so well do it the level
selfie camera okay calm down below
high-low see you later
tomorrow that is fine always remember to
celebrate life babe
thanks for watching for tailee
