time for what carry well goodbye LA
until next time we are packing up we've
moved on to candy packing we've got all
the clothes and shoes and toothbrushes
packed the important things and now
they've moved in to candy dessert we had
to extend it cuz you know we got new
sweatshirts and feel the way is it going
to be over Britney bound so we are you
know we had Easter candy from yesterday
I don't
Annie's taking home I think I can go
back for the heart of California yes we
don't have these bedrooms and my dad
you're crazy you're gonna put dirty
things in your bag - Manny they're gonna
break all a lot by the time we go what
else is just update on Hayley's face
looking really good no swelling a room
still drive I don't want to put lotion
on it I'm worried it's gonna swell up
again
that we're onto our last bag and good
timing because we've got six minutes
before we need to leave I think we can
do it Oh what you got it all I remember
this we're already together that's a
good thing yeah that was that was me
yes this is staying right here on guys
the video today is going to be probably
taken care of by the time you see this
but this computer went kaput today if he
was 3/4 of the way like almost done
editing today's video and we were going
to get it uploaded before we got on the
plane so Jonah computer shutdown so I'm
going to edit on the plane on that and
we'll just have to upload when I get
home
are you ready to go home you ready to go
see your puppies and your climbing and
your horsy so plugging in the air for it
now I open the camera look in the first
I got the camera turned on the camera
flips the thingy up then actually
recorded with one hand cuz you know that
and heading back home sadly but I'm
excited to see Hector we need is Irina
and for V yeah gonna be a long day
musicians school the planks I haven't
been doing school for a week so behind
so do school on place going to please
explain for time
you know we're not actually specifically
so we can go to bed tonight but we're
probably going to go to sleep and yeah
Haley's checking up them
we traveled pretty heavy this trip I
want to say I used I think we wore
everything I brought which is a maybe a
couple shirts that we doesn't mean yeah
we share right by bag yeah five bags but
there's four people oh yeah we brought
an extra bag yeah we travelled heavy but
you know what there's no shame in my
travel game I admit it I admit that I
travel heavy had to bring extra so we
didn't wear all they didn't wear all
their stuff I guess I wore it in the
photo shoot right we were everything we
brought I think all right yep what's out
there there ain't you killed it peel the
green not the red or hey we're not the
rat cuz it says do not peel yeah and
then I can't really press them together
can you do it or do you need me to do
pull up tight you did it
nailed it alright the trash in the trash
can oh so we got all those coming out
spit now we're going to bite to eat
we're talking about how much we miss our
puppies and Annika's now that we weren't
getting them tonight tomorrow it's too
late they're collegian
so you'll see them after gym
and he is okay it was all in the counter
yeah she just learned doesn't have a
public match up before you guys all got
to learn a snapchat before I can and
then I have to improve and that's a lot
I already have to take care of all their
instagrams and whatever else have
musically is about constantly checking
those and approving are thank you show
me the cutest face you're going to make
right II go to show me the ugliest face
you can make
we're getting some lunch we're eating
some pizza no cuz we're going to drop
you guys off at your things and then go
get the dog
and probably groceries because we're all
out of all the essentials like jump in
school no we're going to be home at 9:00
you're going to gym tomorrow you might
go in a little late though it's not see
the puppy the puppies are going I think
she doesn't get it guys
no matter when we do it let's say we
took you Germany after we took you to
German she just misses her father they
like you better leader that is that
frisbee frisbee with a crown
I wonder she enjoyed her first Easter
okay I thought you were sadly leaving
alone you sure want your dogs in LA over
five bucks and why is that me at the
best six all the way we gotta go home
the Cassini mechanism is that
not five loading up for onsen at the
head yes
oh and yes cheating she found a penny a
penny drop he didn't land on his so she
kicked it around until it went on him
that's kind of cheating I like messing
with fate like not like a good thing so
we got candy and gum and pretzels a
nanny's bag is really really heavy
should I do the moon I'm sorry
what are you doing is not know you're
doing that game writer he was not even
the lady who is not even an old man or
something she was amazing
how are you guys going to go just keep
present you don't really present keep
that in 2003 presently already mr.
president all right and seal it up with
a brick Haley up guys download our app
yet it's got really cute emoji like a
paling space oh I bought some lotion reg
- some lotion on this dry and hopefully
it doesn't do it again
all right let's go to the gate game all
right you guys can stay here we're going
to the gate oh man they followed us got
stalkers behind us
it's offered
you got plenty guys it's always a
jackpot how much is not that bad at 73 I
was going to be dead we haven't charged
the whole trip calm wind
alright so Manny is going to have a
snack even though we just ain't
apparently she didn't get enough this
time he Davis it was preferred members
maybe I did military personnel and
family forestall is something opened it
right you gonna get some school done in
the airport because we're super early
like I don't know how we going and on
the plane what if I get all here if you
can get Helen around with sense anything
you can get two weeks done in one
subject and why's that thank you on what
we find well I'd rather than be separate
weeks yeah so we'll see I don't know I
think we have an hour and a half to a
horse Oh carry on
you're lucky you know how long it has a
four-way board you can buy happiness
okay so it's a little less than that I
don't know if you can get that much done
all right please comment down below
right now what you need to go over to it
are they sleeping are they
playing on their iPad or talking are the
spicy
comment comment comment ready
hope you guys can hear me too
a little bit of possible no fighting
so they're eating
like craft
on a clay medication with that
we're on
hi
how do you have
Oh 22
BAM but one out of five guys 105 oh here
comes my breasts
sorry our favorite thing to do in here
oh here they go
I guess daddy's in charge of the rest of
the bags
I would say the important bags here but
we just shove stuff in so I don't know
where my makeup is now I don't know
where anything is yeah but I don't know
I don't know where anything is anymore
daddy rearranged everything to fit me
like airport reckless driving here geez
bumpers suitcases come on where's the
other two
daddy's home hey no daddy and the other
big ones you know what I just realized
my time for getting Chipotle is slowly
dwindling away because it closes in like
20 40 minutes maybe 35 I don't think
we're going to make it excuse me oh your
head push it Haley so that's a big giant
bag get a good start
one more bag guys one more don't hit
anybody
go because I can get Chipotle we hurry
you gotta get on the shuttle in the car
and then jump old lane and the video is
going to have to wait 20 extra minutes
so I can get to pull a you guys oh no no
no faster than that okay go go it's only
six o'clock la time they are foot wide
away in
oh yeah you're going to be a gymnastics
at 6 o'clock in Olathe good luck on that
we may go in a little late because I've
lied
trying to get to go down the hill we got
I love you too
you don't ever have to go to school
again hailey
tomorrow all right guys I don't think
we're going to make the whole way
because the bus the shuttle bus took
forever to get here and it closes and
probably 20 minutes now and that's about
how long it would take me to get there
you'll see them tomorrow and they will
lick you and scratch you on a quest
for level 20
it's impossible to get your dogs tonight
no one is worth running the register
sing it homes we pat head probably off
oh my goodness it's good to be here
for the bunny it's cold in here
hi welcome wrong hailey the help doesn't
look too destroyed and update we didn't
Chipotle now we did not get your boat
Leigh we needed 10 extra minutes we're
going to grub out on some food and we'll
be back with a question of the day yeah
we got to get the video up that's true
got to add a few mute my didn't have any
music on my computer so we got to add
music export and upload and I hope you
guys can be asleep in the next hour hour
and a half I have some reading material
for you guys something came in the mail
while we were gone they sent us lots of
copies on a magazine from net okay
there's got plenty so you guys can read
that tonight when you go to bed I
haven't even read it
let me see so I've known your parents
you know I'm not surprised that I look
like a goofball but what ABS you guys
look amazing okay you know I just that's
just me all my goofiness glory a - thank
you the cover came out really cute
so thanks inside gymnastics I can't wait
to read it
I hope it's entertaining for you guys
all to read that was fun it was a fun
experience so question of the day Annie
had it's a nice turning on the camera of
like what's the question today going to
be it's what do you sleep with
surely the answer axis before but why
not repeat them for all you new
subscribers maybe this is your first
video ever welcome to the club
we we're glad you've joined us we asked
a question of the day every night and
tonight is what like do you sleep with a
blankie do supplies stuffed animal and
even put three animals she only brought
one to Mack and they're good not fair
bears
Caleb bear and blankie so Haley what do
you sleep with you don't like the
mattress you sleep with nothing I know
the bunny cage guys that was one of the
best vacations trip oh that we've ever
had we don't have to talk to my aunt it
was so much fun but now we have to like
readjust to our regular real life I mean
know about real life to it cards like
could it Jim tomorrow yeah like back to
that like whoa yeah it's gonna because
she was sick the week before Jim been in
the gym for two weeks off and on the
week before she wasn't in the gym much
and then not at all so hey we've gone
back to school
hey I already too soon yeah you got a
lot done you got more than I thought did
not guys well she says two weeks she
doesn't mean to complete week she means
two weeks of one subject so she got one
week in lighting subject and one subject
early and another week in another
subject so that's what she means they'll
be confused I've been doing two weeks a
day I'd be done she'd be done so thanks
for tuning in um we'll see you tomorrow
Hey always remember to celebrate life
Hey
take baby thanks for watching for tailee
