time for what cami so what a guy down I
got doughnuts to taste-test
so does he never had before what's this
one yeah this is Apple and spice and
this is jelly-filled and this is that is
um pretzels on top of there is like
chocolate we talked about in Brussels
right now
the bunny is going to leave because
they're going to Emily's house and
where's the bunny come here honey
there's the bunny I know she's very
scared she's camera shy okay Haley it's
time peekaboo we can you go get your
suitcase so right now we are packing up
for a week in LA and it's Haley's turn
we've got any steps for an event we're
leaving tonight
yes I see a late flight
I've got Haley stuff all organized we
just need to go through it make sure
we've got enough and you need to figure
out what you're wearing on the plane
okay guys okay okay what is comfortable
for and oh and I'll be bringing all
these shoes I bought these cute little
sandals cuz she outgrew her last year's
Lambos my game good your foot bro oh
yeah you know bringing all okay so a
pair of tennis shoes a pair of sandals
I'm hollow going to change on the plane
okay one I don't think I brought socks
so you got to go upstairs huh she's my
runner or anything I forgot she goes and
gets for me
I did mine there this whole stack ature
all of this is yours for the week yeah a
lot of stuff Emily there for a week and
long average a month this is not a month
for the clothes I don't want to do
laundry while we're there we're probably
not doing laundry if we were going for a
month we'd have to do laundry
what do you want to wear something comfy
if you don't see anything you can go
upstairs and pick an outfit for the
plane but you're also going to have to
find something that those are pajamas
that stacks not you're not allowed to
touch that stack so the bunnies off
daddy just left to take the bunny to
Emily's you're gonna miss her I think
Emily is the perfect person I'm so
thankful yeah she wants a bunny so this
will be a good show me some patience
yeah and so I think and Emily the sweet
sweet girl and very responsible so they
this is a general what sounded creepy
sweet Kayla anyways so she's just the
person for the job and we appreciate it
so hopefully the bunny makes her want to
get one instead of saying I don't want a
bunny anymore
my Israel laughing turn face Amy is our
favorite emojis kissy face boom
I'm ready hocus-pocus Belgium s if you
don't taste like did you say you're
going out yeah oh you were different
thank yous like lemon remedy it's cool
like it I like it
hahahaha hi well now it's the puppy time
they know what this means they see the
Lisa's
are you excited okay we love you papi
Winnie just kind of put it on herself I
mean ah correctly but I should - I'm
kind of busy I'm gonna take you guys to
the dog hotel all right guys were a
couple hours away from our flight we're
getting ready to leave
everything's packed and ready in the car
just the carry-on sit just beyond Haley
all right
mom sent you something and it's a just
because gift so open the card first no
gosh you wrote a novel
dear Haley I found me when I was out
shopping last week and I thought of you
I know you like today and I know you
love bunnies I just had to give them to
you oh my gosh are so cute they're bet
bunny measuring cups our measuring spoon
so in one is it's a but they're not
labeled in there right there 1 1/4
teaspoon 1/2 a teaspoon 1 teaspoon 1
table spoon thank you oh sweet
we're going to put that in our stash of
Haley's cooking utensils lets you start
a lot as a rolling pin who is excited
about our long play
I'd you are on Blaine wrong I draw I'm
going to sleep we will see you maybe on
the plane
maybe hey no definitely see you soon
but next clip could be the plane I don't
know you have to find out for the
airport I don't know let's see what
happens and ok you met them after the
airplane or the airport could be alone
probably it does give you a hotel tour
there's going to be cranky kids sleepy
kids
yeah she's raising her hand she knows
that's going to happen I mean there's
going to be a lot of things to keep
watching for ok question of the day
later the hotel already said that hotel
room tourism sometimes those are my
favorites walking into hotel room we got
a smaller one if you hadn't heard what
the last hotel we have stayed in which
was like perfect but in the wrong City
so stay tuned for a little hotel room
but it's going to be fun and it won't
matter we have like no to leave to go to
the airport you have like an hour and a
half before we go my god
guess what you guys it is that's not the
exciting news you know our part a Lee
emojis we announced it on Instagram and
we announce it here but we weren't sure
when they're going to come out well
officially they are out so check the
description for a link for that but
guess what earlier we checked they were
number 24 of all of paid apps but guess
what it's at now number 14 number 14 yes
I don't know if that's like in the US
but it's numb it's number 1 or in the
world I'm not not number one gonna mix
it up is I don't know but minecraft
number one of course we're just totally
cool by me because
minecraft has some fond memory for us so
that's cool but number fourteen like
that's cool I am so happy that everybody
is enjoying our emojis they are super
cute and we didn't know much about them
like we had to figured as we went like
so we've been texting each other using
like brutal emojis like I've been
putting like when Haley had her meet you
guys saw that I posted a picture of
texted her and then we were putting like
glasses and doggie faces on Annie so you
guys can use them in text messaging I
didn't get how to use it but it is kind
of cool but I just wanted to tell you
guys it's number 14 and that's because
you guys are like going and searching it
up
show me one cool trick and then you
don't have to come in and change we're
going in pajamas basically and we're all
going to get comfy we've got pillows and
blankets and we're just going to sleep
on the plane
oh whoa what was that that the thing
you're trying to do can you do it whoa
Haley's Rhett attack she barely made it
around oh I know but you didn't rotate
very quickly what I meant so I know I
said the next clip we might be on the
plane but it said yeah I want to see it
Annie but it's such a beautiful day out
and so they've been outside most of the
day today and we're pretty much it's
going to sleep on the plane and that
would try to be really boring to watch
but you know
oh gosh all right Debbie so how do you
feel
officially missing regionals today did
you know that it was today
you forgot how do you feel about it
there now I feel I don't know too bad I
mean I know I could have done it if I
wasn't sick yeah I feel like you wish
you could have done it if you hadn't
exercises and it was kind of like Annie
knew like she might have I don't explain
it took a lot you guys had a lot of
questions about it first off her coach
made the real decision coach Mary was
like it's not safe like we were trying
up until like the last day she tried to
go to practice twice this week it just
it didn't work and you know going to the
movies a little different than going and
flipping on a balance beam like I know
that some of you are like well she's not
how why she go to the movie that she was
sick and that's a very good question but
that's a simple answer if it doesn't
take very much energy normally she
didn't feel well in the mornings and in
Felton to go in the afternoon but then
there are some days where she felt great
I'm glad that you're not like extremely
upset you had good season for a first
year level 9 and pretty much skipping
level 8 I'm super proud of you so we're
going to go and we need a break and this
is this week break in LA is going to be
good I feel oh my goodness should be
over pack or what
well I think we overpacked this trip
because we're going result like usually
just a couple days and I pretty much
we're doing a photo shoot while we're
there and they said bring lots of
clothes an option and so I did this
little smelters you you tell me that
that's all I need to hear I'm like okay
I was going to do it anyway but now you
basically gives me permission to over
pet walk backwards this place is packed
they only had a wall to sit on you guys
ready for this trip
you have a very appropriate hat for it
you know we're being in LA with an L a
hat
oh you've always go to add to wear in LA
perfect Haley let's tell everybody the
essentials of Clyde because we're about
the board that was our guy what do we
need
let's show them what's over here we got
cozy Zack give me five I'm proud of that
choice better connect them what are you
here for I'm going to show you guys the
most important thing that one needs
perfect talks like this if you want to
this I'm probably not going to have it
for a while maybe there could be some in
my future if you are pre-boarding for
longer than my dreams when you're not I
mean I'm going to enjoy this place and
my pillow
that's a nice pillow but I have one down
there and a blanket those are the things
that you need don't know where your
phone is
we should go line up 31 315 to my person
on the basis of morning bad for after
time all right my friends we're going to
be on the plane soon
the crack this is where I'm like go
playing go play
because I'm gonna make sure gets up in
the air you can do it plain
with instruments
you guys hold me
planner
or a little obsessive of gaminguys it
we're cookin
it sounds like in the game but it's
actually pretty fun
what lovely
like a service level 8 Wow really really
turning
like
apparently we took off the opposite
direction I mean we're supposed to work
not flying at my ear
please be so scared
yeah but now you're like a pro and night
flying about
and it's so cool-looking home sweet home
for the week well not technically we're
doing things a little differently this
trip we were renting a car
usually when we come to out to LA we
just like uber and all that jazz but
this time we decided we wanted to rent
the car and try that out as we wait the
girls are playing spot it which I really
don't know how to play it I must admit
luckily are held not very far from here
are you eating Oreos at midnight Oh what
happened to being helps me spend you ate
well I didn't sit up and I Haley I do
like that you're trying to make healthy
choices that's super good alright guys
so we're going to get the rental car and
we'll do a hotel tour and a question and
a stick with us we got to eat come in
here guys what are you doing there are
you doing there Annie they slide that's
how you saw no that's scary
hmmm the door to nowhere Nowheresville
that's a window it's a window it's cool
there's an arrogant young falafel yeah
are you good oh come on down I found it
the new thing Amy what's that on your
finger there no oh yeah feed me and
let's make a little earlier okay while
waiting for the sheets for the bed the
girls decided that they were going to
move in to the sky like we're living in
LA for the week they're going to get
comfortable longest we've been yak and I
think we've gone on week trips but I
don't know if we've ever been
who ever been here for is it in one
place for a week
closed for VidCon yes okay so let's go
to the question of the day when you go
to a hotel do you usually unpack we
usually do not we usually live out of
the suitcase so that's our answer
okay guys so that was a long day it's
like 3:00 in the morning our time
3:47 technically you just what these two
slept the whole plane ride any
especially Haley with a little wrestler
I slept not a week but somehow I'm wide
awake it went pretty fast for me too for
being awake the whole time all right
guys we'll see you tomorrow we're doing
the beach the pool nothing on the agenda
tomorrow Jen devil is there a balcony
there's nothing on the agenda except to
relax here and adjust for the time oh
look at that if you can figure out how
to do it
cool this is nice we can see the board
lock you guys so that's that's Beach out
there Wilson will have a great view in
the morning beat yourself reading the
board Walker up here for the same is it
the same thing are they the same thing
or they're technically the dress is on
the moon feels so good
okay it's late I forgot we should
probably quiet goodnight guys see you
tomorrow
always remember to celebrate life hey
babe thanks for watching Rick Haley
