good morning everybody so it's meat day
Oh Annie's awake I was going to wake her
up last I'm hoping that she feels better
I see a smile
Haley's cranky cuz she's not a morning
person they have to what you think you
feel better not a morning person morning
person huh your sniffling clear maybe
the allergy medicine works or maybe
we're just going to feel better today I
don't care what to what it is we're
going to continue keeping new allergy
medicine though once a day I don't know
for how long
if someone won't even out of bed over
here I am completely dressed and ready
I'm one out of four I already did my
makeup I woke up about thirty minutes
ago
if cooking do that late-night cookie
eating last night maybe it was the
cookie good thing you made that cookie
good job in a hole and I go you she's
been not eating much this past week
eating enough but just not her normal
and yesterday she ate so much water
masses
I had a bill Neda and then like like for
breakfast and then before you message
that guys feed butter cookies that's all
and then address
everything mac and cheese and a chicken
sandwich a cookie
Doritos like there's more I just know
but I was always saying I'm hungry I'm
hungry yeah you're going to hopefully
get your energy back we're eating
breakfast daddy's reminding me that if
we don't hurry up then we're not having
time to swing by a drive-thru all right
we are dressed and ready did some nose
spray is that fantastic great so good
good to see Annie with a little bit of
pep in her step even though this has
happened a couple times since she's been
sick where she goes up and down Annie
were you eating those cookies we were
talking about in the bed mouth sore
mouth one of that was cookie crumb
doesn't look like granola who was eating
granola in the bed no not me not me did
it when we were growing up not needed
everything everything
not me was responsible for everything I
know he's a troublemaker all right it's
time to go Haley's not feeling great
Annie oh geez found the candy door handy
you can bring a Pikachu she can take the
whole jar one piece but you're not
eating it right now we're going to get
breakfast Oh dad well after breakfast
nice hat you missed your ally me all
right you guys might not remember what
you carried in last night because you
guys were half asleep so just grab some
stuff I carry my stuff you carried in
your stuffed animals and your blanket I
make me mm-hmm
we've got I got a lot that's it okay so
bye thanks for the stay hotel room was
nice being in here we're not to what 12
hours not even 12 hours yeah I just six
or seven seven or eight hours hi
in time I call short short of time she
can talk promise she learned English
doing in mornin probably because we're
not coming back to that one tomorrow we
go to another hotel in LA
nope Sunday night we changed it oh my
gosh we're doubling tomorrow you guys I
didn't have a spray bottle for Haley's
hair but it guys it turned out okay a
little bit I never knew your son has a
spray bottle I forgot so much I've got
the big camera and it's monopod so with
her her meat videos shaky it when her
feet video shaky it's my fault sorry
Haley you feel fine
to me that feels
these are only to quit that no more
yawning and if you do yawn cover your
mouth you've got the best lab change
taking the medicine coloring heading
back there about to Marcin actually I
don't know if it really marching yes but
what do you call it you don't we're done
a book called walking all we're not
walking in and we're gonna go swim and
here they go Serb collar who knew the
Kim right we're gonna enjoy the nice
wish hailey luck
that was so good herself of zooming on
him her but you're blurry did how the
Tekonsha Oswalt seen all season guys
date angel I was good score in a little
bit child but what might say to you say
I hate you the sizes kind of conical
maybe amar jawan she had one of her
mentor children see
she don't you look happy yep
hi drink all right well they're roaming
out of the bottle right now take a
little peek
that was not her I mean it's hard to
tell from far away I just want to act
like that with the other day
that's good it you see the tighten up
the role you play but the action
activities the thorium's ended the
actual back handspring
- and when Zeta see for me she's
probably probably the best barbecue
master or hand and might not have been
our best result of them and how they are
different smell at the watch or
something in there that she almost a
need to be making like the face of the
camera there's also a Alexis Oh your
eyes ringing it for her
congratulation a little bit look at all
that fun stuff
you look like you were straight out of a
t tell miss him thank you
all right you ready go home
all right my friend that's a wrap on
this meat let's get out of here all
right
fancy selfie taker we are going to plug
this little car and while we grab a bite
to eat
we found the Tesla charger so that works
fill er up fill er up please oh my god
we need to fill up please oh don't get
anything huh okay we didn't hit anything
success celebrate Haleigh successful
meet with some Italian food are you
going to wear that stuff in that
restaurant please ooh cat everybody was
going to like what is she wearing and
where we like hello she had a meet oh I
think he's waiting on us so here's the
update of lunch we just ate our course
number one they got soup and she's moved
on annie has she's moved on to the
dessert menu yeah we haven't even eaten
eaten our main course but she's gone to
dessert I don't think we're getting
dessert I don't want to burst your
bubble but I don't think we're getting
dessert hey Leon love your 80s headband
inside out it's amazing she even wore
the Lincoln
Superjail way down at Olive Garden and
yeah now we're gonna go have a few more
drives
I'm feeling pretty good right now have
you have you felt that at all today
maybe a little bit not nearly as bad as
we gave her Tylenol but definitely
better tonight so now we're going to I
Drive and the whole didn't get our ducky
in Monica's excited here we go hey you
left it on the ground over there on the
ground
she picked she picked the flowers red
Texan like yeah alright let me see your
booty that's your bouquet let me be with
the bouquet okay of weed flowers
we never get in the car won 5-0 miles an
hour it would take you an infinite
amount of time to get home
about the work
hey leave the helicopter pilot all right
my friends take you back when you were
two years old you met and they were like
all over everywhere and you get in there
and I was scared because I couldn't
breathe we're scared of everything we
know what like we need to get your hand
out the window all that wind you smell
smell under ha ha all right little buddy
Zuzu field trip over going on a field
trip all right I'll see what Haley does
when she realizes it
Oh Haley's off I mean no the other one
Annie's all one of the dogs gonna do Oh
Piper what did he have all right bunny
your outside little bunny gonna get our
nails done and they want to know how
long about 20 minutes
oh here comes Winnie Harrods Winnie
she's like what am I missing
but you miss out on Winnie if you love
it you don't know what to think
Piper you're back playing out here
Bonnie's having your field trip the
girls are up on the boat I think singing
and dancing go they're coming down
beautiful day out
and then a little chilly but still night
our callers are on they have been
wearing them in a while but they still
trained up phenomena how do you want to
come out here all you have to do is
touch Piper on her head so go see when
he goes to ready good you made it this
one I have to pick up of a scooper up
and I scooped that little one up
Oh your belly's wet were you in already
are you singing about soda yeah but a
remit to do look who's out yeah she saw
you didn't see you're just now seeing
your bunnies on a little bit you know
what you're going to walk your little
self back there and get your shoes when
you come in that's what she's the queen
of that you guys he'll take her shoes
off and they'll sit out here okay
apparently I've never seen this so I'll
go in after this warm-up oh we can't
look can I know what I'm going to see
Italy so I'm not scared
oh geez oh geez
well good that's so good
yeah why is there a sock out here Haley
love why you're asking her we all know
that this is your sock Oh some other
kids is it not me and don't let go
it's a million dollars Oh
you can do it Bailey it's already gone
before you even ship them come on you
got this
squeeze push good try good drive engine
plans I'm about to drop that in the
water we are having a picnic and since
mommy's nails were really long a
manicure and like her nails done so we
stayed here when we have to and we're
doing a picnic and when you mess the
blanket out and yeah so that's it we
have like granola and it is on a not
healthy diet
she's eating Nutella all right guys step
one vacation
check out some pink there kind of orange
a pink pee and coralie coral jinx
so Bailey it's done - got her - shutter
- it sees wedding they're smooth oh they
are so just look at what I got I got
mine earlier so she got her Tootsie's
done in matching fingers yeah they are a
little wet they put that bed up on it so
we're waiting on Andy to get done she's
getting a mat and I just want to go look
dos caras
the lady's filing don't scare her
let me get a sneak peek
no man we're going to get the color on
now turn the water off I'm going to get
color on click on that finish right like
a bluish grayish that were purplish like
a lavender okay
you're like she got the ballerina all
right can't wait to see it we're going
to be so ready for our vacation so here
they are there might be better lighting
up there but I'm drying my toes hey guys
it's have a question the different Jesus
legs and ins and the coins out rolling
okay and if you didn't detention in the
dead man age have you ever built before
it and I'm going to show you our for it
because it's a frozen and we're gonna
close it when we go to Creek going over
a lot of forts and they all failed
oh I didn't not all of them but some of
them I know a lot of them one time we
had a huge fort and it just came
crashing down she's trying to show her
nails okay they're so cute she was like
talking of them all day now she's like
like right now it wasn't like I heard
you we have a crush on him we build it
yeah every day and then every Christmas
every Christmas Emily do it every year
and it we have a tent that we put it
yeah don't forget to comment down below
because we want to know the question
today is have you ever got afford what
is off like I II always remember to
celebrate life
based on babe thanks for watching Chris
Haley
