so right now we're going to school I'm
going to school I always say that and
breeze in the car and you're going to
get her shots nothing's mom nearly shot
that who is gay what we're casting for
sure great I don't know how you get out
of the Lovington oh I think your sisters
home I think there's a third song
reunited
welcome Winnie did you get a star for
shot were you a good girl
now you can go to the doggie hotel and
stay while we're gone okay they missed
you so I did she did treat did you get
treat so work off the rural oh you got
medicine in your ears they like to clean
each other's ears so we're going to
watch them Piper don't lick her ears
today you can go you're good again you
like trouble
this pipe we're not listening Piper stop
this is what happens when Haley has a
half day bless you bless you
Haley - Ashley on spring break but she's
not feeling great would used to cop GG I
don't think she'd be able to the key of
a nice belt but I hope it's not getting
to that point what are your symptoms is
your sensing a barking dog that's gonna
hit 50 see you look evil didn't psycho
oh my gosh did you see how I start
filming if she gets mad I don't want
what you want you to resume in your
pavarga
hey now that's not what she's talking
about
excuse me buddy I see you so this is our
current situation we've got two girls
being lazy bums on the couch but I think
it's good I know you've got to be tuned
in yesterday you saw the Annie went to
gym but you didn't do much of anything
right and then today she was feeling
better
today I feel like she was bouncing on
the trampoline and then footage one
night she's probably the just doing it
about that when right now
we were filming a special video and she
was doing some handstands and she
couldn't do it so we couldn't film the
video so we're not going to gym today
which means she's only got one more
practice before regionals that were not
even sure she's got we've got to meet
she's got a meet she's got a meet so you
guys are got to stay tuned we're going
to just let them rest and hopefully you
can get them better but I don't know
what's going to happen Annie's missed
one meet because of an illness that last
year I might be a little biased but I
believe we have the prettiest dogs in
the whole universe it was pouring
pouring this morning oh now and he's
starting to feel better she looked
outside she's like she what do you need
the Sun coming out it's gonna rain gonna
dry up and he's longing to go outside on
a trampoline roses up right if you can
jump for 5 seconds and then be like my
head hurts I'm not letting you today
hey guys so we are literally just laying
around and hey lose sleep when he's
asleep
I was asleep for a little bit so missed
a beautiful day not a lot about hot
horrible I'm not gonna snack later I
just don't feel like getting up right
now yeah
for some reason my volume is being weird
on myself like listen when I send
something ready did not weird unless you
guys heard that lettuce is like cracks
you
you
I'm gonna go outside and stretch with
mommy
Hailey's still sleeping I'm eating
marshmallows I have a towel just wet
outside no it's covering the could have
better people like this is our dock and
it's like right there like I could touch
it like that's a step in it I want to
see how cold it is oh well we're not
going to be out here for long
well that lasted five whole minutes
colder out here than we thought
and a lot of time out here when you went
to go get like not what not today but
yesterday I actually overheat when I
went to go get hey hey I'm trampoline
then daddy but I'm not probably why you
don't feel good today and then we did
pool yes we did dawn you're paying for
today you just need to rest I don't know
I texted Coach Mary and this cam and
told him you wouldn't be there today and
Miss coach Mary thinks that Regionals
may not be an option because of you're
feeling dizzy yesterday and today she
doesn't think it's going to be safe to
go do that so we're taking it a day at a
time but you only have one more day of
practice we were thinking about going to
movie but Hayley is sleepy and feel a
little warm but it could become a little
cold so we're going to double check it
because there will be no movie if she's
got fever definitely is up but not much
it's like half a degree so it's not a
fever at 99 115 I think you're just
tired she just woke up from a nap so if
you're feeling better in about 20
minutes we're going to go but I don't
want to take you if you're sick oh and a
bun man
we should call our klutzy nick klutz
Orson Annie
pick it up okay
get me over here we're not doing
anything that can make you dizzy or your
head hurt and take it easy my legs you
only feel dizzy in your legs your legs
can't feel dizzy something's wrong with
your brain know what I mean so you got
Gigi a little present hyper like where's
my Cottontail outfit oh my gosh stop
that is the cutest thing is all you went
on her it hey TD Cottontail I got the
right size little snot it's hard to hold
Piper back and here let me fix the Hat
the head whatever hyper hyper hyper I
saw no all right pick her up and hold
her hey hey mom
oh yeah mom I'm you know fuzzy bunny oh
my god hey going to be like your bunny
and have a lobby er he's do the cute
yeah take lots of pictures she likes it
it's Kapiti bunny
it's like a private showing look aren't
you guys around us every day I figured
we needed to watch him ourselves to
really get the fulfill of the show so in
their glue easily
someone rested while Annie and daddy
went to them already
what can you guys can't - and I think
she's feeling a little better
okay GGG backsies did you stop G clonic
can't handle it attention
oh my gosh like the camera comes out and
she just starts getting sassy oh my god
I'm sure hoping that we can go to your
meet tomorrow meet Saturday and flare
practice time I think you guys just keep
going up and down though like one minute
you're feeling sick and not good and the
next minute you're doing all this oh my
gosh they're gonna hurt you back you
okay in there
oh GG that is so annoying what are your
symptoms almost a fever very very very
very very very tiny bit elevated like
99.5 I think it was sore throat or we
gotta go get you strapped tested before
we go on our trip our spring break trip
this is the only way to keep her quiet
shut it sore throat okay and how's your
throat right now good you lose it -
24-hour things keep you updated throw it
to the question of the day with Patty
and Annie I don't know what it's going
to be
guys movie over let me go home now and
it's late late oh it's dark out
oh so scary so we thought me and as so
her phone wasn't where the speaker on
her phone will be working the good thing
it was still like under warranty said
they just like gave us an new one and
then I got a really cool free protective
that will show you oh yeah she got a she
got a um a rose gold screen protector
here it is I don't want to mess with it
so I'm just kind of leaping moving
around but it's rose gold here
isn't that cool Bishop that's so cool
I always feel a lot better at night and
in the morning I mean my I still feel
like and right now but not as that
nearly as bad as in the morning or
daytime
Christian thing what's the latest keep
it out with asked before what's the
latest use data like been awake but this
is what's the latest like you have been
at home
pretty lame because sometimes we'll take
really late wife of course it's not at
home
I mean you've been on place overnight
where you haven't I gotten in until like
six o'clock the next morning I'll be
yeah probably like six or seven a and
well so not including flying
I can't Rob without midnight hey why
work good stop
as I am
probably similar though no doctor I was
wrong younger I just work at Blockbuster
sometimes only we caused me to them
until you don't talk
anyway don't forget some double up doing
burgers and various latest you've ever
been out and doing stuff yeah so bye
guys see you tomorrow good night
