today I wonder what she thinks Oh what
is that Haley's gonna sneak out there
breakfast and school that's what's going
on here did you say meow yeah kitty all
right oh sorry it's Monday morning here
and we are up an autumn I used to think
when my mom used to say that I was like
who's Adam like the name Adam she was
like at them but Adam yeah anyways a
little something about me I don't know
where Annie is this morning but
apparently she couldn't sleep last night
so she did school for a few hours
Haley has a business meeting today on
her little day off but I don't think
it's gonna feel like a business meeting
because it's something that she's really
excited about we can't tell you yet but
daddy's gonna take her it's like a real
business meeting for a project she's
gonna be working on and then Annie on
her day off which you'll have to ask her
but I don't think it's gonna feel like a
day off either I mean I think it's going
to be like a day off even though we have
one little wardrobe fitting for a music
video and we all know how much Danny
likes clothes so she gets to play in
clothes for an hour that's it today is
okay you can have to come eat your
faking hey uh good luck anyway so we got
a day off we're filling it with school
it's our two days and off like look they
pick out the good ones which color do
you like purple anyways it's gonna be a
nice relaxing day for the most part and
then on the agenda there may be a dance
class with our friend Jade and later on
today quit faking eating gummies
right and you want to go to right and II
just came down and asked if we could do
that and we're like sure so we're gonna
try to do that tonight so that is our
plan for the day what if you want yes
yeah you didn't you didn't tune it I
don't know if we showed well the hand
was on the what's the story behind that
at dinner they put all their cell phones
in the middle yeah this is the story
okay we're all listening okay honey me
Kenzie and Lexi what we're running up to
get their bags mm-hmm Luna and her
little goodie bag Hana Oh was it an ER
Lunas I think it was an E yeah and II
didn't get a goody bag yesterday like
the performers got him and Andy wasn't
performing yeah so it probably was Lunas
you stole a hand from Luna that's what
I'm getting well Annie you found a hand
did you steal it from Luna look
oh if somebody did give it to you okay
yeah and John Candy in their toes that's
how we get Annie up we would start
talking about her creepy hand but the
other um bag was Lunas and we kind of
stole candy i stole candy from luna luna
i I apologize profusely for myseif of a
child all right yeah hey leave lighten
it was really my idea all right so
that's what's going on today we got a
couple hours before that even happens
that we're gonna do some school and just
take it easy this morning see you later
okay good morning y'all I came down
my room i'm ring-shopping so um what
happened was I was like I was I took
like a mirror selfie or something and I
was like you know what would be really
cute like if I was like rings I just I
just have one ring and I was like a big
way cuter tried like a lot of not a lot
I feel like it'd be cute if I had more
rings
so I started online shopping and then I
asked y'all any suggestions and Yelp
came up some great like suggestions and
then I put those in my card and I was
like well what if these things don't fit
me like it like these are Pandora so
what if they don't fit me
and now we're going to the mall to see
going to the actual Pandora shop and see
what we can find and make sure that that
those are my size but I know which ones
I want and I'm gonna look for other
stuff we kind of thought six rings was
good I'm not gonna wear all overnight at
one time unless I'm feeling really fancy
but you know what they get all sick like
rape hello
but six ratings is a good idea yeah um
because I've got this one and I'm gonna
wait what was I'm wearing to I'm like a
stackable to on this one I think one on
this one and then like one more on this
one I'm like one on that one something
like that but we figured it all out so
that's gonna be fun so yeah after this
we go to
a wardrobe wardrobe today you have three
music videos and more we're doing weird
if it isn't for all of them
yeah well for a couple of them two of
them June and one is for the one that's
present one hood for the chicken girls
in the movie you can say that now so one
music video keeping that a secret for so
long
again we couldn't tell them the other
ones for some new music that's not even
out yet and the other ones for little
things yeah that's it but they're all
three in a row so that's gonna be fun
you know actually I did get to sleep in
for some of them too though that's good
yeah yeah it can be a long long so yeah
that's pretty much it
all right my friends
chotto at the boba all right what do we
go
was it successful or not so we got some
earrings because she stole mine oh no I
had left my cross earrings back and the
Tesla knows that were there yeah there's
a little pocket
and her old old old old piercing her
original piercing was like closing up
someone like quickly her ear in mine
because one it looked me because I have
right here and I was doing all this
stuff like so she needed some interviews
and just filming and stuff like that so
she gave me mine we were like we have so
many areas in here I've got four things
but no two of them one of them s3 so and
then I'll show you what's up okay um
I'll do a little haul it's like four
rings and like it kind of started out as
one ring relay okay this is a good
starter and then cuz we only saw like
like half the Rings because we didn't
know and they were like oh you know
there's way more rings over here and
then there's like a ton of rings and
then we saw all the ones I ordered
online and I had picked I wouldn't order
them all of you are all the ones that
I've liked online and then I had like
six and I was like I've got in there
these dad okay so I know them to like
four and I'm gonna stack them and stuff
who is texting me
that's mr. Demi he said the pressure
okay anyways so we'll do a little home
once we get out of the darkness
ha they're so pretty and like I think
these are like the top there's like
three that we're like the top three that
y'all suggested they're so pretty
so Brad okay so I definitely do have
this one so that's like five rings right
there are those your everyday rings like
I mean every day or yeah I can I guess
when I'm filming boom unless you're
gonna wear them every time you've been
told not for season two of chicken girls
because I already filmed it and what the
half of season one two
but as long as their new days that's
true I could just effort to bring so
like a lot they block I'm shoot so
sometimes I film one it's confer my gosh
if the movie day one was literally like
four weeks wasn't that long it was gonna
be like I feel like day one of the movie
it was day one is like our day one
outfit and I did not love that outfit
and like every day I'm very wrong it's
it's very rhyme and yeah every day I
would wear that outfit for like what
what how long was day one I feel like
day one was like the longest day yes is
it for that time I Drive and I think I'm
doing a pretty it is like oh I needed
you're in that we got out of the
darkness okay let me just unwrap this
little thing gonna untie it I only have
one hand I'm tracking like a sec about
so I like the life of that here and the
night hold it that's perfect okay
it will work sorry about my legs
no it's my mommy I got it
okay so look at these I'm not pretty so
I've got the tiara the heart tiara and
then little heart just kind of that's it
just you can just look at it and I'm
gonna put those on I'll show you the
finished thing once they're on that's
probably gonna be in the apartment so
anything I got okay so that's a little
hard pink thing it doesn't really show
up on camera how pink it is and then
there's this thing that's like I don't
even know how to explain it it's like
two hearts and then it doesn't like
completely make a circle kind of just
wrapped around your finger and they're
just so cute I just love them and they
look so good on and a little fun fact
about me I only like well I mean I like
the look of gold jewelry but I only like
to wear silver jewelry
so yeah that's it I'll show you them
when I get up into the apartment and
they're all my fingers okay my hair
looks great
Wow okay um well we are doing something
that we cannot tell you yet yes but so
we can't tell you soon soonish not
soonish because take a while but how
we're going to I don't know wait daddy I
don't know what I can announce or not
we're doing going to a meeting project a
secret project you were working on but
it's just you this timeline so you're
really miss starving so I'm excited and
yeah okay guys we're about to look into
the Starbucks thing the Starbucks thing
better known as Starbucks yeah
somebody's hungry I'm home boy boy bo
here's a hint I'm part of the wardrobe
you guys it's fifty style I'm not gonna
give too much away but there's the feet
and the bottom of the pants that's all
you get so you know like when you go to
like a fast-food place and you're like
you get the burger and fries or whatever
and you get fries with it
kinda like deep down in your hoping that
fries aren't good so then you don't eat
a lot of them but these fries are so
good and I'm so full but I keep eating
them anyways we are done with the
wardrobe thing
motorcycles scare me they're gonna get
more I'm sure more sneak peeks tomorrow
yep filming that tomorrow yeah so we're
done with the wardrobe fitting and now
we're going
right here and now we're going to dance
yeah but tell them tell them what we
just watched move it before we left we
watched the next episode three of
chicken girls and is out now yeah them
for them it's our review it's all right
now so cool watch it link in the
description or right here you're getting
so good at this it was really good
just wait wait you can see what happened
with Brian and somebody Oh rhyme I feel
like I should be like a phrase like oh
like all the chicken girls just like all
the coal cash you'd be like oh right
because it used to be Oh Ellie yeah cuz
like you know she was the person who got
all like she loved all the guys yeah
okay well yeah why can I already see the
moon
vive la early for Dan so I believe
there's that forever21 good think we've
been there
so we need to find some stuff for the
video to wear for stop making any sense
to matter brain so let's go shopping
let's go shopping
oh I never come on oh my goodness
here are my rings I've got the tiara
ring and in a heart ring doubled right
there then I've got this ring on the
pillow focus this ring there and then
I've got my Jayden ring and then that
ring yeah that's it
that's it just wanted to show you doing
much traffic out here that these cops
are making about a quarter of a mile
right turn onto North Highland Avenue
then because it's just rates of a mile
you guys ever just like wave to random
people cuz that's me my way that this
person so I'm worried about the cop hi
he but if he likes me leave here a good
bike man
I can't turn I need a shower you guys
they see me either
these roads are closed and they don't
see me like this game is not great so
yeah that's it y'all we just found some
perfect options like for shirts we
didn't really need anything except
shirts hiking that's the theme we needed
a hiking shirt so we found a shirt and
Annie is still shopping that's that's
too big so anyway and she just did her
hair for dance in a long time
okay be careful the screen is like
breaking it's like hanging by a thread
we just look here all right so we've got
dance hair and we're about for me watch
out behind you and we're about to meet
Jayden she'll be here any minute
Oh Hayley just looked back at me and she
said oh my gosh almost ran into that and
she was gonna say sideview mirror and
when she turned to say it she ran into
the other side view mirror rude going so
waiting for you to notice that I was not
going the way they were going and only
one of us does where we're going so so
we are about to
we're about to go in
Oh God y'all drink
sorry we'll get you a water now I'm
gonna go say thank you
y'all look so good y'all look so good
yeah
oh thanks forgive me all your stuff hey
go say thank you thank you for say thank
you
that's good that's smart we're not
changing what we just got an extra water
because apparently they all drink and
all but this is the change that was nice
of them to what what is wrong with you
this is how they tell I could tomato
show you the screw just came out so this
oh I missed the high-five
what was the high-five for
are you guys high fiving so big oh oh
still I thought I'd accept vegan okay
ready but she's so big vegan you're like
oh she's so big
you're so big so we're getting them dude
they dance their little hearts out and
now we are rubbing on our dinner while
dinner has not arrived yet but the bread
is in full swing here and then we home
to bed because I just found out that
annie has a 7:00 a.m. call time yeah
what are you doing
too much oil can you guess which one's
yours can't embed in the middle football
you know it's people take pictures of
Hollywood signs right there morning and
it's cool to Bob oh I can see it like I
want to know I want to be a fly on the
wall of that conversation oh the hands I
wonder what she's saying
Lauren or
Oh what is that Haley's gonna sneak out
there oh I feel like she's looking at me
yeah she does
the cars right here so they've decided
they have to take their times okay
they've got a talk until we until we get
there so we'll give them their privacy
they've had a lot of catching up to do
what's up everyone it's time to question
the day we just got back home but we are
exhausted and so question of the day is
I think I don't think we've ever asked
one it's what is your favorite word and
I've got a lot of favorite words I like
talking I like the word Jesus I like the
word family I like the word love I like
the word do one that's like you say all
the time cheese makes you smile and I
love the word warm warm yeah like how it
like comes out like no just because it
makes me warm inside yeah that in
puppies I have it oh I Bella you know
why because it means beautiful in French
it does yeah I don't think my friend
know my friend's name is Bella and both
of their her sisters name means
something in it means like gorgeous or
something I know I want to check I'm
checking that I'll check that okay can I
do it no how do you say beautiful in
French that's what you should say to
Siri
you can see forever to type food can you
let me type this I'm most n why you just
me everyday my phone no my god wait
ready boo not Bella boom her favorite
word is boo mommy guess what
Haley's favorite word is boo because
it's beautiful in French and she thought
it was Bella no boo is beautiful in
French oh that's where you gotta be you
said French didn't you you guys are boo
boo okay
we all are his other news so don't
forget to come to my looks Pune no no
question of the day oh that's good the
question of the day is comment down
below see you tomorrow
can't wait to watch the neck an
Ethiopian love stuff bubbles by you
tomorrow
remember to celebrate life
baked potato baby thanks for watching
for tailee
