time for what cami
good morning to Annie so we're still not
feeling well but our symptoms are a
little different we don't have a runny
nose or stuffy nose still no fever but
we are at we have a major headache right
and we have body aches so we're going to
try to get her into the doctor today but
I brought you some water that's the best
one of the best things you can do I
brought you some headache medicine and
this time it's I took out because we
were doing cold medicine yesterday
because it sounded like she just had
like a really bad cold because she was
sniffily and her voice was you could
just hear it in her voice
but now it's just a headache right in
body ache so we've taken the cold
medicine out and given you more pain
medicine to hopefully that'll take it
away you want to sit up no no I don't
blame you I just kind of dropped the
medicine but that's okay you guys like
to take pills or liquid Annie does not
it's two Tylenol small that's a vitamin
C pills too just in case it is a cold -
see we can do in vitamin C all day
yesterday
Annie hates liquid medicine you're weak
I guess your body just being sick so
another day of no gymnastics we're not
even going to attempt it the best things
you can do is just rest and get healthy
so we can get back in the gym before
regionals this weekend now I'm going to
go add edit guide he's supposed to be
calling in a fuse not I'm going to okay
these are things you didn't like the
orange slice looking one these are chewy
crunchy Chuy's you get two of them there
berry flavored he's going to watch PJ
max so as I say that right PJ masks not
max masks okay
that's sweet so we got her out of the
house but not to go hang out and have
fun or go to the gym or anything is to
go to the doctor they have walk-in hours
this morning so we're going to go ahead
and see what we can walk into hopefully
it's a doctor's office ha Oh frog in
your throat cough yeah
means that week you're cold but no fever
like usually people who are cold when it
you're gonna be cold have like the
chills and fever
you look good I look good
well you don't want bad any other
favorite test fun the swab in the third
okay but I do know that yes I know you
don't tell well but we have to do what
Haley did
it's the green cream all we barely
really did this room look help spec
statement that's any kind of home so
we're going to put you all we're going
to put you under that on the green
screen should be on the beach to me on
the beach really on the beach on the
beach on the match but also we go
we tried tsunami
okay she's going to relax that's
unnecessary
well I think she thought she like she's
must have thought we said you have for
work no nose for throat but maybe you
can have it without you one yeah it
wasn't so bad she was good she didn't
like stick it all the way down your
throat like there she did she just like
only had to say I just like counted
again bboy touch the side so she was
just really good at what you're doing
and communicated like the cooling of
Russia okay well I don't think it's
strep but you never know so anyway I'm
saying they're going to do a strep test
she's reading in revolt and then maybe
just blue yeah you don't have a sorcerer
so then the flu test rule everything
else original even on the Tylenol so
Tylenol haven't made you naughty
I just weak to like walking up stairs
shitless but I'll enough helped your
head but not your body aches
to do this why would you do that
sorry you know it's not nice okay I know
you're disgusted tired please about 500
I shot Michael Jordan over here cuz you
told me it wasn't so I just gave you
tylenol this morning instead of the you
know that other stuff cannot hold that
baby's crying Annie you cry back at it
there you go
she's covered in Winnie for you guys one
of her when her don't think we're funny
at all but sometimes you think we're
funny one do not sit but right now we're
not planning negative strep
so make it up blue they said get to the
gym and just to the gym you would nice
that's nice I had her waiting that's
good it's good news that we ruled out
strep and flu so she's had to rest and
if it doesn't get better by in a few
days bring her back and they'll do some
like blood work and stuff but out of
that out of now do you think this
difference of iron oh no you think she
could do gym today
oh look at this jumping oh you're hungry
she doesn't have the flu or strep so now
she's hungry
let's go yeah I'm so glad that that's
ruled out that means you probably will
start feeling better I bet tomorrow
you're going to turn the corner tonight
and you're going to be like yeah yeah
man yeah and I go eat something
oh no you don't need a break why don't
we get this move in a little bit
are we serious oh don't we either hey
guys
oh man it's bloody uh do clearly she's
feeling a little bitter in yeah a little
way so she's wearing to climb stairs
let's go show your club don't shoot your
car come on go well there's all these
memories and very willing me to come
here if something I really want any
bigger on achieving love ah I'm glad she
feeling better but I worry in like 30
minutes and he's going to go back come
out feeling great yeah she's making even
sold a job for doing it all she acts
like um ya know what you're talking
about yeah she was all the way up yeah
oh wait nobody Sue's I know you love me
come move a little bunny little bunny
cam that's what I'll be was holding her
yet I do I picked her up last night what
goes ear what is wrong with are you is
it broken
yeah I got mad at you I kept it rough
she loves me she don't like you robbing
her
close I think she has liked us I
handstand forward roll holy cow this is
a warm-up and then two attempts and then
you're laying down because I know you're
going to complain we're supposed to be
resting Oh close one more how hard is it
scary Oh nope take it apart no no no if
you can't stand us I can't stay on that
no right up it worth I am putting our
foot down
hey guys literally just got home from
school and having so much I had intended
so that all today there's really
something it's really really beautiful
it's there something that I'm kind of
shaky here and I'm gonna get some fresh
air with the dogs in the texture over
there way ownership way and I feel great
no actually it's a horrible fake hmm I
don't feel that good anymore we're going
to watch a movie all of the family oh
hey are you gonna join up and eat some
popcorn daddy's already trouble are you
just gonna lick the butter off oh hey
hey there she hit me yeah what you doing
sue oh my gosh I could electricity's out
little big all right so we're watching
this movie that none of us seen we kept
meaning to go see this in the theater
but we never did it's astronaut one what
is it hidden figures about women in like
the space program
they're not actually astronauts yeah
yeah yeah we're going to watch that
we're outside and we is so excited I'm
feeling a lot better
my headache comes back some heavy pushy
yeah yo guy Yasha with her so he paused
the movie decided that work you're not
gonna come down balmy
yes Haley fell asleep yeah he won't be
joining the stairs I'm in a short and
choice leads guys I love it the water is
beautiful - what about jumped in no I
just took a shower cuz I just took a
shower oh I've got I said what am i
jumping jumping to cool feeling well and
the waters really gold the water for
holes is cut it 17 oh you do have hot
there's really hard I to cover the whole
thing Wow boy look out west
Oh boom let's see how high it went I'll
go over here oh it was all the way up to
there
I cannot touch it can I touch your
incest oh they're getting in I'm good
man go ahead Winnie Wow
I'm excited to feel better too
do you feel dizzy yeah that's not good I
thought you said you felt better
yes isn't it ah hold this is my favorite
time of year
warm weather period see if I can do why
do you guys like this grass out here
every year going to the grass but just
this crap he's just that bad not like
data up there anything what are you
doing right now I feel weak yeah
gymnastics will be fun tomorrow it's
like you're a different person from this
morning
how is she said we you're amazing
oh geez I don't want to do that um just
take it easy tomorrow and then yeah
Thursday and Friday whatever happens
happens I'll only one stress about it
yeah I don't like me yeah oh what if I
just like don't you do it you can flip
right no not really we should try a
little I know but no I don't thing got
some nut job back there laying around
all day did today and yesterday really
did her so good
come on crazy boom-boom go Phil Manny no
pipe you may not kill another drone yes
I said another it was a cheap one like
one of those pocket one and students
will resume the other ones this one I
think it weighs we go to then I don't
know so I don't even think you're
recording this aircraft is in a warning
zone so don't go any higher
and anyway it wasn't Piper that killed
the drone it was wit Gigi sectional the
drone oh hello
quit that's awkward go film the
trampoline is it recording we are equal
hey guys I am feeling if you right now
I'm just going to go to bed and yeah I'm
going to try to go to gym tomorrow so
yeah question the daytime which is
because I'm sick it is would you rather
have strep throat or a headache mine
would definitely be headache because
strep throat I don't only getting tested
for and you can't eat I'm in the candy
cat yawn you can't sneeze you can't talk
you can't like cough anything headache I
just put some like hot pack corn pack on
my head and yeah so don't forget to
comment down below if you want another
question today is we'd rather have a
sore throat or headache my head actually
hurts right at all so bye see you
tomorrow
always remember to celebrate life hey
babe
thanks for watching
Rick Haley
