time for my carry her here enough sleep
I'm gonna fall Minnie
come on honey let me fall on you mm-hmm
your whatever dr. Simone well not my man
how much like today did you look at
camera so I don't feel good you know I
used to do the mommy when she would save
up and it made her very happy
I'd reach over that day come on you feel
fine to me I don't know her and I wants
on it and I'm playing on my phone I'm
leaving a spot alone I had a hundred
questions I get a hundred I had a
hundred percent battery and then last
night I put it to 0 and then this
morning is that 80 and now is that Haley
569 noses my family
no I don't have a say no they do it was
fun through our chat and I just drove
water not your mouth
Barry oh yeah she does
so now 99.7 that's why I thought this
was technically a favorite not until a
hundred one bore but it is elevated so
we'll just keep monitoring it if you do
get a fever and my pc it might be
because I'm sitting up and talking sugar
what it might be because I'm sitting up
and talking when I talk my paper is not
going to come under sitting but if you
do get a people in the definition ass
and Amar's is already missing gymnastics
today if you have a senior today got to
be a 24 hours fever free I don't know
the part that College was bueno this is
not a fever you know before I bro
and push the button movable such a
drizzle 99/5 so we'll just keep
monitoring it but yeah so he stayed home
today so that we can try to get better
before the end of the week so she could
get some good practice in for regionals
but if fever goes up there's not me I
was figuring maybe you've missed Monday
and Tuesday I was hoping just today I
was hoping you're gonna wake up be a
little bit but I think you feel just as
bad as yesterday or you feel worse well
I was really tired yesterday should I do
yeah well it started yesterday well
alright well that's the update my
friends feel like yesterday my muscles
are like weakened like they were so or
but today yeah you better oh that's good
so maybe tomorrow you if you're don't
have fever today you'll be able to go at
least go into the gym yeah so I'm up I
feel like yeah like so but I'm gonna go
take a bath and see how I feel after
that she helps me what she doing over
here taking a million pictures of yours
I knew it she's taken some pictures of
herself she she's a puppy dog are you
eating a granola bar and watching
yourself in the camera is that what's
going on you ready for gym DeLeo on yet
we have to leave in like 15 minutes give
a visitor mmm
she wants some granola how's the book no
guys being lazy are you feeling any
better
I'm not asking you over there on the
purple
oh yeah yeah okay yeah you're not sick
remember
you tired
that's what mondays are for you guys oh
I've got a visitor got two visitors you
guys we got another dog that's not
visiting she was chewing on a brush
earlier she got busted it was breast
with it
I want makeup brush so she's in timeout
right now look how cute the little one
is this big one so we got the sick one
over there and the two lazy ones right
here yeah perfect
I'm not being lazy I am filming a video
which requires internet glioma Josh I am
merely I am merely resting my feet for a
split second before I have to get up and
take a Lita Jim hmm
what Oh Haley is going to sign up for a
new club because talent show ended at
that club you know that setback what
club are you what's your number one to
crappy Club crappy kids yes that would
be a cool club would you sign that for
that if they had a close-up I wouldn't
sign the permission slip I would not
have been my child to space come or
would you father was the prey would you
go to space No okay stay right here on
earth with me Marilyn can I get a great
life that's true you will is that's
coming from the girls that you jump out
of an airplane with a parachute on
Lavelle okay that's true no jumping out
of planes with or without a parachute on
but if you do decide to be crazy enough
to jump out of a plane
please use a pair of shoes all right you
little miss go get the Leo on you Little
Miss feel better
those are orders mother's orders could
you listen to me do you feel better
unless yay did you listen to me Java leo
on yet yeah to the gymnastics dance now
this an ass expands go okay I thought
you're gonna stand up and demonstrate
like okay here we go oh and then you
change it to I don't know
always no Haley always know if you don't
know fake it till you make it so I ask
again what's the gymnastic stance
okay I don't know Oh Haley still have a
little make-up on her face I thought I
got it off really well a soccer ball
someone's gotten toffee pant phone today
I bought their regular pants but they're
not they're the sassy one hey hey how
was practice yeah and I we really do
need to go in now sometimes we get
sidetracked but that's okay I'm drinking
soup this is my second one today I'm
chilling here watch TV sitting on my
phone
feeling horrible I hate being sick
they're really good
I'm I'm trying to go back to sleep
you
hey guys so I just decided I would vlog
a little bit about popovers I'm telling
I just got up hit a snack and I really
thought throw up like legit like eyes
are the bathroom like throw like I had
to run to the toilet good I didn't so
yeah what were you do it what were you
watching on the phone what the people
like to know what you watch what Rudy I
run to your favorite right now she's a
bomb calm I think everybody watches her
right everybody knows here we're talking
about 5 million system what's that word
a good some good stuff
how is Jim good has anybody ever told
you how cute your faces Oh getting some
quality bunny time in Annie I want to
give you something how you feel honey
still oh that's cool so this for this
weekend
it's a little sign for this week and
they both have meets this weekend right
Annie
yeah take and then just go for it
she's a young I was just to hang up I
thought it was like a good luck for this
weekend it could be both us right Annie
we got to get you better though or there
will be no meat this weekend
why are we mess with my buddy we were
getting quality bunny times your bunny
cinnamon here you she have a heart
Haley's having a hard time like holding
her
Danny's mastered it you wanna try it
okay
Candy's not gonna move okay why don't
you go lay back down I'm glad you got
out for a little while she's being like
that
along with him I held her and I haven't
done it yet Oh Dino because normally we
let her down really fast on fastly
I don't know fastly is a word you okay
Annie she's just not in the mood right
now
what was that stuck on a remote look how
big she's getting she's getting bratty
in her old age she's supposed to play so
we argue got her out in the whole cage
today and we're over here watch watch
however ear it's still floppy that's
blurry
hey hey Google turn on the living room
light you got it turning the living room
light on oh but it's okay we can still
see oh oh there they go
Oh weird do you love her still even if
she jumps away from you I know I don't
know maybe it's just gonna be a lot
you're not all off you know Easter Bunny
kisses you dress her up like the Easter
Bunny good but what can we get you hell
I know and he's out of it yeah yeah yeah
by getting laundry basket and the
challenge is I can carry it with my
laundry basket that's going to be hard
oh gosh
so it's time for the question of the day
and it's so tired and sick and the
question of the day is what do you think
is the perfect age and why is the
perfect age is 21
why that's age where you have run for
you might have a perfect apartment car
oh that's a good one I wanna do 18
because you finally get to take like oh
you finally get to like you know take
care of yourself and help everyone out
kind of it's kind of hard when you're
like again if you can't do all of the
stuff that grown-ups - and you're
starting to be a grown-up so and then
also I like a younger just to like a
beautiful trans like 21 yeah oh yeah I
don't forget a comment a little crispy
you want to know the question sir that
is what do you think the perfect age is
and why he always remember to celebrate
life
based on steak thanks for watching Chris
Haley
