and we're about to leave it also slept
for 14 hours last night this we know as
opposed to the four hours that we sweat
I'm Samaras and we really always pain
yeah my header is really their idea here
was you enjoy together we put them all
in a cage that's always that's how we
keep them in we just cage them I get out
now
haha you're chopped are equal angles
your light is freezing it
have you seen yourself yet they
definitely go over what is high right
now
all right ready guys i'ma do to lots of
people goodbye I'm gonna follow you
are you actually I hate I hunt down off
of that right now my parents are going
to be in the water a week old once you
go down the ladder oh yeah
did we fill it in yeah we're all gonna -
yes you guys are about to be going to
get your makeup done here soon No
then definitely not what was it - dude
oh yeah Riku Riku
my makeup I like it
Arden asked for extra makeup attack my
god we gotta make up the boob we're
smart we're getting dressing our first
outfit oh maybe docu martini we're about
to get them ready yeah are you sure yes
I can redo it yeah all right yeah yeah I
know excuse it she want to be sorry I
did not just trip over a vacuum Oh nope
didn't happen
hi what's on your feet you're whitening
your teeth right now is that why you
asked how long we out there is such a
teenager you guys look like teenagers
today I don't know if I'm right well you
are a teenager and Nia is a teenager
really love eyelashes I'm in love with
your Iomega son I don't know whatever
one you don't want to wear we're just
trying to even amount because we've
misplaced declan's over the last two
days so I hear some music Lee's going on
I'm going to get it to me yet cuz she's
the only one I haven't seen yeah I win
is it a player musically or a player
selfie oh it's a flair musically there
tell her something
all right we found a brick wall because
all pictures look good on a brick wall
before we go into the studio you can do
whatever you want
right right and I like I have the time I
like in here Yeller
you are doing lipstick are we all let me
take a picture of you okay do whatever
you want Oh little chaotic in here you
guys here you are same you say mark
thank you I have all this regularly but
it is also to posted oh my god I know
it's a little obsessive I don't even
wear lipstick that often dad I wear one
kind yeah but I've got plenty that's
like really red red red stain oh I mean
I'm not saying no but I'm saying no I'm
not saying yet either everybody ready
30 seconds we're going to try to get a
group shot but they're too busy doing
like thorough imposes individual style
you know oh they're doing off into the
distance because that is oh oh because
that's artsy when you don't look at the
camera that's what I heard that's not
someone's older one
easily yeah yeah but I only know that
all these years you've been looking at
the camera if I didn't look at the
camera I would look awkward I'd be like
that lady didn't know where the camera
was
I don't look cool
you guys seriously they're all over here
oh thanks licking themselves like oh
look at my hair look at my waiting uses
everywhere on a billboard I'm kidding it
would not be cool we got billboards
oh I busted your bubble thank you you're
just saying we don't you guys couldn't
watch you just can't be in front of
events because Matt okay I'm a hailey
volunteer to go first absolutely like
we're gonna turn on some music that's it
guys like this
so I'm about to do pictures so yeah
let's go
and
Oh
number
yeah you can
we
outfit number two my burger it was a
handstand contest you guys it's the og
outfit Flair
you guys are so sparkly like I think the
camera is trying to focus on each one of
your sparkles and not your faces that's
what's going on here Hailey's buns are
falling but it's kind of cute
all right last shot of the day my friend
you don't want to like me somehow you
know over their head yeah right oh wait
you guys can keep still
yeah you're just doing light right now
guys just lighting hey guys so we're
doing the last hole of air that was
close really dig the Posey what rabbit
like the girl but we do the hatches it
has to be really smooth everybody comes
over and just looks at themselves like
everybody you know you do it you know
and you look at a group picture you only
look at yourself I know I'm like spring
my chest out Thank You Fred I just think
you look like you've got abs oh oh no
you go yeah let's get out of here
because that was an ordeal
no go you look great Nia no that's - I
made a roll ah finally time to relax
after a long day when he just threw the
bone in the air I don't think we saw it
so Annie drinking some emergency someone
we think is coming down with a cold the
delicious now oh you can hear I can hear
it when you said say something I'm
giving up on you that's funny I see what
you did there if you feel sick or you
just have sniffles both this isn't a
good time to get sick some little girls
I know have meat this week and all three
of you how to meet have a meet this
weekend
two of them have regionals so we got to
get better before them deal so we're
going to see it how she's feeling in the
morning and I think the best things you
can do is sleep it off so if you're not
feeling good in the morning you're not
going okay please do on sleep I don't
know anything ask you have fever so
she's drinking raspberry emergency not
this kind I want you drinking after her
and you're not sick I drink well yes
that's true vitamin C is probably the
best thing that you didn't want the
pizza we ordered pizza we got home good
we have such a long day well we're going
to see how you're feeling in the morning
so that we can you know have a get
better and then go to practice instead
of like going to practice and getting in
sicker because you didn't sleep and then
missing the whole week's I wouldn't
begin and then going to regionals okay
that's the plan and that's the update
thanks for joining us the video is not
over but I made it felt like it well I
don't live in Windows 400 photos offices
what you just does that what you've been
doing is deleting photos 1,400 you
almost had as many as I did
so our 1900 I had how many Billy before
I deleted them had 7000 per 1000 can I
don't like Delaney and the loser Dolezal
yeah like what's going on why did my I
don't know the storage isn't getting
smaller and then it goes if you delete
it it goes into a deleted folder and I
didn't like what's going on I don't not
giving me any more room more room
because you're basically putting I guess
in two different spots I don't know it's
crazy well we're still in the same spot
oh oh it makeup wipes will you do me a
favor and go get some makeup wipes while
we wrap up thank you it's coming off
yeah sorry I guess you can try to keep
those on but let's do the question of
the day Annie's laying on the couch
still but she's reading Haley's looking
at her pictures taking a million pic I
got the hiccups I'm sorry excuse me let
me hold my breath for a little while huh
kidding you guys ever do that hey my
friend
I need what's going on your mouth oh oh
sorry guys like out when I feel bad when
he's all over the Rhino when he's like
let's play qgz I know he's lovely
she does love you okay question of the
day should we do it this or that this or
that that would be funny back I'll take
this no that's not gonna be the question
of the day but the question of the day
is going to be you rather have no family
no internet or no TV
I take no TV no TV and yeah we get some
makeup lip um I've got it in realize two
things one you don't know what a makeup
wipe is correct I don't know where they
would be fine daddy's Bank Haley say
goodbye though guys we're gonna get this
makeup off and get these girls to bed
and I'm going to get rid of these
hiccups and we're going to tune in
tomorrow to see how Annie feels and the
you go to gym trying to get her better
all right guys before regionals all
right I got to go get drink some water
see you tomorrow thanks for joining us
comment down below bye
always remember to celebrate life thanks
for watching rick Haley
