time for my cat early morning oh uh big
day huh so straight I don't want to get
hook it she's been going over it good
let's hear it oh she wanted braids like
I'm messing up on the side of the other
side looks good so the guys didn't know
how much happening today here in Kerala
yeah no it's just to be there 2:45 sharp
right yeah she'll be late and I don't
see my own going on where I'm going that
they're getting 115 you inanity will be
there that's me wasn't it and Connie but
it's not so there's one of this thing
when you guys start talented for when I
was supposed to be there
challenging the word just made it up
myself
well right now driving to med form is
really raining
can you you're that prevents that that
makes me want to go to sleep some reason
toy lines oh yeah I great so right now
it's my last day loan of my life is kind
of like till Sunday I won't see mommy
there'll be alone with dad and the
honors
without foggy
and it's my talent show I'm really
excited and their sight of her besides
your what you're doing they have the
coolest I'm like you're the coolest
thing is now oh oh the gymnastics people
this is Judaism bastard yes I didn't
know dancing was domestic
yeah someone does the back tucking Ariel
I'm doing school right now so it's Haley
but you know what she's not home school
she's at actual school and I'm in school
right now let's took a test now to quiz
up the quiz
daddy's editing mommy is probably on the
plane right now I got to free been like
really late late I'm surprised I eat it
like right now it's already 1049 I woke
up at like 9:00 okay guys I got a 95 not
too shabby missed one question out of 20
so yeah I know I'm eating some steady
bills cheese both now I think that Mia
is coming over and like an hour or two
maybe three don't know sometime today
and everyone else I know everyone else
is coming sometime today we're all
having a sleep over all the flare people
I don't know if everyone's coming I know
that me is coming in like an hour two
maybe three and yeah I'm just going to
do some more school I already finished a
week of math so I'll be a ten weeks list
of math but it really only 10 days left
as I do week every day
has a start again George be pretty busy
when you go to the school
you like Italy useful yeah you want to
go to the school team
devoted our I mean I really it was the
cool that they started in Jorge's the
sister of the day when we're people
refer to you guys if you want to be
honest Haley Victor or heard the notice
your little brother
ah
we're in the car and we're going to eat
that guy again i order five guys how do
you fall about here I found him for good
buddies if you had to get back with you
camera like 51 if you could go back and
fix some success with you now good yeah
I like the gym guys bad guy later
you
man like Oh
couldn't hear you you know also stay in
here no stay in the video don't love to
be Scalise fighter fighter wants to lick
your face is what she wants to do and I
know I was like no anyway I know what
holiday is okay and I meet would you
want to stop o or yeah what that's not a
question that's a word guys will do not
forget she's a doctor talking sit up no
punch - aha I'll do that
can you dance I love you up dancehall
time I won't your jaw which one do you
like better if you got to get a cat or a
ball which was good no okay thank
goodness I look like freak out on you
guys stop being mean to cat people call
that suggesting that hundred or mckinnon
hat you've to pay for it eat it and it's
over here
yeah you did but like I look at okay
Toby spoken let's do another spin dark
at 5
and I always remember to celebrate like
ah babe thanks for watching Chris Haley
