okay guys I'm addicted so we got a
Google home and now I want everything in
the house to be automated so it's an
addiction I have to treat it with
electronics so we'll show you our Google
home later it's amazing
hey guys my head really really hurt them
I just pulling into the garage world oh
that's not gonna help
get your stuff out of the car and go
start school let's eat oh you can do
that first and get threats and eat lunch
can I get dressed
yeah okay well we're doing that and
we're going to softball game yeah so we
have been doing this one and be awesome
she plays she played off all of her last
game so we walk in and this is what we
see amazing what is it no more lights
and how about you clap hey watch this
what's your favorite song say you won't
let go buddy and our third mm-hmm James
Arthur James aren't okay hey Google Play
say you won't let go by James Arthur in
Annie's room
I have one oh you hear it I don't know
if you guys didn't hear it this up wait
Danny it looked like you were rolling
your eyes why you guys had he already
told her oh yeah we're going to MKS
softball game in case you skipped the
beginning of that video
Haley want don't watch rewind
we're gonna practice like we did the
other day when we were practicing
heckling Annie we're in a heckle 9k
today Annie doesn't even know he said
that I know Eric we were joking about
coming in the gym and be like okay so
Haley was just telling us about how she
feels about the talent show tomorrow but
first let me start with this I'm very
very sad that I'm going to miss the
talent show while I'm in Oklahoma but
for my Papi's funeral I'm going to film
it yeah so we can all see it you I mean
me and everybody watching who can't
actually be there that's why these
videos are amazing okay it's a built-in
garage
aren't oh no like girl if you take a
what it's like a tent they're so pretty
anyways hey Lee how you feeling about
the talent show tomorrow
Inez asked her how many times how like
are you nervous why you're nervous
it's like different like doing videos
are not like scary but they're scarier
because I'm I'm with 4 million people
that's why filming it videos not that
bad because you're like it's just a
canvas my mom and my camera and a camera
but then four million people watch it
later host but what if daddy's a little
able to post this what if daddy's able
to post this video if he doesn't get
anybody else in the shot that we can use
it if you guys didn't know hate couldn't
tell Hailey's doing the talent show
tomorrow she's singing lost boy I'm
singing do you think I could actually
break glass no hey hailey what are you
gonna wear tomorrow
yeah something really nice okay we can
look tonight all I'm packing I should
wear those braids I'll try to find you
something we can let go in your closet
you can wear something nice
anywhere
those that I'm gonna miss it I'll be
there with you daily in spirit
okay you guys could FaceTime me where
will I be I'm gonna be Annie can what
sweater you're in do it live sometimes
she could you I could pull you could
hold the key like it's seeing but that's
not the day of the funeral okay
we can't FaceTime and earned lively I
thought about that that's where he was
hi getting big trouble from the school
if we try to do that line but that was a
good thought we're going to the drive
thru of Steak and Shake what do you want
Annie
any guesses so what's taking shake this
yeah wow you guys I don't speak since
when
first of all it's a steak burger gotcha
but since when do you not want steak
what's that thing you guys do when you
lean over and you're like something
about steve-o what you're gonna see some
ear flops like your buddy I was in
school and Jim sleepovers say we're the
longest hair head belongs now we have
the smallest ear our ears who's been out
the we have always been the who's been
the farthest out of the country up as
far as you could possibly go over the
gun weird a place is the summer where we
going everywhere so
get ready for that door turn stay in
shape some regular one regional yeah she
blew a bunch of those and a bunch of
shakes you guys if you guys ever going
to take take a shake we don't go here
very often
yeah you wouldn't shake her a vanilla
shake a lot times chocolate shake
chocolate who are you man what you doing
are you hungry
yeah we're not we just ate tops are you
a boy dieter
he's a Bruin
No Hayley are you having fun at this
game you're not having fun
heylia's Hayley's making the most of it
we laugh at you'll watch that's not
m'kay sorry she hasn't played yet you
guys but that's okay
she's gonna play I can feel it you don't
feel like she's gonna play trying to
stay warm at baseball see any people
laugh at you with you we laughing with
her aunty Hayley or at her we love her
oh they caught another one team is
pretty good we believe Jack why are we
blaming Jenny so what's the what's it
called try not to laugh oh they're hit I
can't see your faces you're cheating oh
she hiccup that count though she has to
roll the eyes so that
she's serenading everybody let's go
m'kay let's go now Billy sit down yes
game but look how good she look from
that visor with our messy bun when she
looks good I am on the couch just
relaxing like this does not happen a lot
and I am really enjoying it I'm not
doing gymnastics for school I'm just
sitting on the couch and relax watching
TV and having a great time I'm so tired
for some reason probably wouldn't be
tired if I'd like was up cause you guys
ever had that time where it just feels
so good to lay down or the worst thing
is is when you can't go to sleep but in
the morning you're you are mad at
yourself because you couldn't go to
sleep and you get back into your bed
you're like what how could I not go to
sleep last night I am all set I've got a
water bottle and I've got my oats and
honey granola so let's get back to what
I was doing we just wanted to give you
guys the privilege of seeing the sweet
little puppy face Annie and I are
sitting here snuggling on the couch and
when he wanted to join but he's not
allowed
winny
I love you I love your faith Winnie look
at them this is why this is why whinnies
the shape she is and they're the shape
they are because this is what they do
and this is what when he does what are
we going to do tonight on my night
before I go out of town we're not gonna
talk like that we're gonna talk like a
12 year old little boy said what do you
want to do tonight oh we should Oh
Annie's here baby
that David supid AG Wow
she thought you're gonna come take her
hand you come near Winnie and she raises
her her pod to the show oh that was
delayed show him what she does well cuz
the dogs are there there she guys want
us come spend some time with your family
down here hey Google trying to live your
lights on okay
hey guys so it's time for course the dad
got Hayley here and we're really really
tired so the question the day is cue old
gum you find inside your desk we're like
come on the bottom or some sort he or he
isn't
cafeteria mystery boo I would say I
don't know I would say me me too
no but what if it's bunny me or horse
meat they wouldn't do that they could
its cafeteria what they could it would
be really something bad I would rather
not eat dumb then yeah I'd rather did
the mystery meat so guys don't forget to
come down below now if you want to know
the questions all day is she will gum
from inside your desk or a cafeteria
mystery me by you sly tomorrow
always remember to celebrate like
everybody baked potato baby
thanks for watching
the tailee
