time for my really good morning world so
the last piece has finally arrived for
Haley's room we ordered this stuff
forever ago and I didn't think it was
going to come it's been on backorder but
I thought it cancelled it came with a
picture frame oh it's a painting sorry
wow that's like solemn oh you know it
was solid huh that was your first
indication so I think their rooms are
going to be officially complete now we
had to wait oh there's another one was
it here because we have sad news
my papi passed away last night so she's
here
it was 101 so she's here because we're
going to make flight arrangements for
this weekend yeah very sad day
so anyways got a mix of happy with a sad
sometimes unfortunately I just told him
about our papi yeah so my sister's dream
yeah did you hear she had another sixth
sense :
oh my love you guys believe in that
stuff I don't know what I believe but
she my sister had a like a she woke up
in the middle of the night and had a
horrible feeling and thought shoulder
told the girls this morning shows I
think my papi passed away and then at
midnight at midnight a time which is
about what time Gabi said hey she texts
me this morning she goes your papi
passed away last night around midnight
crazy I don't know I don't know what's
going on in the world but hey guys I'm
going to school with the bunny with
frisbee
I'm gonna go leave you here I took new
school oh hell I've already done a week
worth of language now I'm doing a week
push worth of mashed we're going to go
get some ice cream
it was early dismissal for these guys
and Annie did two weeks of school err
yes two week not two weeks of school two
weeks of one subject they only did women
see where you guys all flacking for what
you think you're talking to me too
I love Holly half listen he's gonna walk
away I saw the spoiled bunny it's really
goofy look he said what I think I keep
calling him a boy it's a lot it's a big
thing of water first of all we
personalize the horse results are always
fresh water boiled bunny
she doesn't might have a Lapierre guys
because the ear it is not straight
enough with medicine
maybe she's just lazy in one side you
guys ready to get some ice cream
oh okay really it's fun do you know what
nine ten remain amazed hey so who's
ready to go get ice cream am I the only
matters what the thank you I want to go
it's true that's true which is even
better I like to pretend it's better for
you so here's the thing not the bunny's
gotten bigger already and so what I do
think you g-guys
in a you want to hold a buddy it's not
the international tempo for holding the
bunny watching them coordinate the best
where's Annie you're going in the middle
oh that is the Senate laughing so
cute little Tootsie's oh thank you we
can take a look yeah I don't like seated
this is like yeah I can't you know um um
a beautiful day for Rita's frozen
custard right we're eating out there um
I don't know Hong Kong huh we're gonna
bring it back here and can eat it on the
way thank you yeah the driver can't
we're going to stop thinking about
yourself Annie you're going to sit in
the car and eat it simple chat
yeah the airplane cockpit outside yeah
yeah - stop I'd like to do that when
she's being cute and I turn the camera
on okay job marry my client please baby
apparently oh my gosh I only wanted us
with Danielle doll acting like she
wasn't just doing it I had a conference
Manion when I was little and I used to
put like bows and rubber bands like I'd
put like this or tails I remember like
like I was putting her hair hair up in
pigtails
you know what her name is Shiloh
and you there the song is eyes look it
up really important alignment to feel
diamonds okay for home smells a bunch
rip is a couch look different guys we
cleaned it why would you clean it out
because there was covered and stuffed
animals a beautiful day you guys the Sun
is out it's like 70 degrees high 60s at
least I make a musical but we got ice
cream so we did go outside and you ate
ice cream oh yes today should be sat
outside and enjoy the weather so you
guys got cold so the room is pretty much
done not did you show them your closet
yeah just after the other day yeah I'm
pretty sure it is yeah I do a closet
tour now that it's done maybe that could
be your next lively look at that and I
want a tour of that what emoji should
they comment if they want a shirt a
shirt emoji will do maybe a lively and
video on that I'll be fun
so here we do the lively person yeah I
don't know if we can choose both the
same time because it's not going to be a
tripod video all right guys that's the
plan right now and maybe a room tour cuz
your room is actually a decent order
right now okay I got a question for you
show me your favorite horse in your room
yeah really
or you just don't want to get up oh
really
this is like one of those stuffy ones oh
right
that's not my old one no is not your old
one ature where does this one come from
maybe I did it this is your one you're
using now no you stash in these ways of
damage if it could yes I am that's weird
maybe maybe I put it in there don't
remember
so you're crazy it looks really clean
though besides you in there I don't know
you and daddy probably bought like all
of the ones you could buy look sighs
don't go mommy my rule was I wouldn't
take the blankie away from her
but if she you know lost it or was ready
to put it away in her closet what blah
blah blah but you know she had some
backups when we lost it in Las Vegas I
felt bad I'll just stash that within my
harvest you like you guys heard it here
I felt bad for you that day it was super
sad because she wanted to she was slowly
trying to get rid of it by herself and
she wanted to put up in her closet
forever
hi welcome home from school what you
doing
was I right Haley about that's being too
hot for a sweatshirt out here
really cold I think it feels absolutely
perfect out here today
whoa not great balls of fire
goodness gracious great little bear
don't you guys love that sound
I don't know if I ever showed that
friend got this Bora and so every time I
hear it says in loving memory of Caleb
Logan and I love when times and it go
this goes off all the time every time I
hear it I think of him I mean I think of
him more than just every time the wind
time goes but it's kind of nice to the
wind time in my ear you can't what go
back and forth bounce for pumpkin good
try
you have a block try one forward first
maybe a little bounce if you need to you
can do a bounder right okay yeah the
high oh yeah oh good try Haley
thank goodness for the net Oh miss Jill
done some some shopping okay here does
wait and see how it's practice for you
that's okay I heard how can she come
over here oh not for you though Katie
I'm skinny I'm having its first layer oh
my god no these are not the costumes
either just because we need to look
special so cute Bart are you using your
dresses and they're gonna bail oh I love
you obliged before we might I just don't
we look good when we're traveling or
taking pictures we shall get now okay
and the silver which I have extras if
you can't find the silver we're going
back to player of 1.04 pictures look at
the shoes you guys wait your shoes yeah
I need know why your shoes on because
you're half but I feel that I hope so
you guys think you could dance in these
no maybe from the event we have this
weekend and for pictures and for
anything else we do you really mean to
say no I got my I got my eyebrows done
today so they probably took them on my
makeup off Thanks I like how she did
them too
I look in the mirror and sometimes I'm
like I kind of better but today I looked
I'm like oh that's much better
just now my eyebrows it was time even
the lady was like been a while huh like
thanks yeah person it gets
we're getting a new playlist bling on
those yeah and you know what you can
eventually bring it up I think I do
what are you cool to get some playlists
or flare patches where Nate I know we
can get flare patches made you throw it
on your head all right there's a car by
ah it hit for a second it didn't land it
cut this video right in huh
oh that's gotta hurt okay let's go we
got to come back to get Haley so let's
do something productive by go but um
push the brake at the door will shut you
no no no that's not the brake yep
no she assets you press it again will it
open
hey Mary case why'd you bring me hey
Google pause wait long you see that if
you kick my hot flash happening but I'm
gonna take a trip you know my own and
Philip out right now it can't feel cold
right now but she's putting on your
different your boat probably up in there
is something wrong with MK maybe her
thyroid or what are you taking her to
the doctor
hey how's your game we wanted yeah she's
playing the whole game for the whole
game oh I'm gonna come in on this we
want you in it on a day like you girls
oh my god you can have it what do you
miss have how much I never actually
heard of a modern you guys have these
problems - that's not a human
thermometer I
yeah okay I find though cute I have one
you need are you done no I got walked
first time hey Google who's bratayley
according to which it turns Caleb Kaylee
and Annie these adorable kids share
their faces well any of Helios
gymnastics and even plays baseball or MA
no I'm kidding I'm kidding hey grunkle
who's MK according to Wikipedia mark
kink is known by the stage name and case
is an American DJ record producer and
remixer no ma'am you still feel hot yeah
did you leave it in long enough
96.2 take her to the doctor that's so
fine not only am i rough dialog this is
you know do you feel cool they feel hot
I not take it on I don't know like she
will take her it's weird because I get
really hot my stretch of sweat and I
started minutes later and you're really
really cool mmm I doing for you and then
lets me or swim so badly right now it's
often Oh phew hey don't eat the Tim you
should do too is just gonna go auntie
beeping it we're all hanging out in my
bed and to Mary Kate trying on some of
my clothes to find something to wear up
cute that's really cute for the Rosary
for my poppies rosary you're so nice
idealize now you can try any of my
clothes I love that Mary Kate looks
better in my clothes than I do
she'd get mad at me women she's got a
foot round
yeah she just had a horrible on the
hinges wardrobe I see cool
all right so does that a winner for the
rosary so it's time for the question of
the day and it is the glasses for honey
like like Johnnie sue oh I like James I
like Chinese food I love you too Annie
with your smile for some reason it's my
favorite you see I tried it and it is
actually Thai food
now she looks really good you love hmm
yes patent thankful so yeah mm-hmm that
don't forget to comment down below
because we want to know that Annie get
it Isaac cousin of the day is what's
your favorite type of
four or six
cool question mark ah Mauro I
we remember to celebrate life hey babe
thanks for watching Chris Haley
