time for me to ever feel like you live
here now you don't that was a rhetorical
for you I feel like I live here we're at
the gym we're going to pick Amy up right
now let's dance she does live here
there they are she's in the black and
gray right there miscarry time
perfecting their dance I don't know when
the fan says yes but they're putting
together a cute little damn that's
what's going on guys we're gonna go home
and um you know do what we do at home
school clean hopefully do sleep but oh
yes very good I was going to say
something else but I lost my train of
thought
I hate when I have I'm sorry I lost my
daughter I hate when I lose my thought
train and my marbles I don't like losing
my marbles or my Padre we thought it was
a Thomas Thomas a few possibly I do
picture Tom as a train when I think of a
train put your picture with truth while
the Train on the Polar Express no one so
basically that's what we're telling this
woman say hey what are you take a train
so if I sleep like Tom of the train
pulls up amazing anyway guys that's the
update and he's flailing arms thinks
that's what she called dancing what's he
doing here is a hey and so right now I'm
going up to where Annie is where are you
Annie
what you doing it and I refuse to give
her a snack yeah I'll give you a snack
after the city whoo I got an 85 out of
100 pretty awesome
he has gotten 100 before without having
in the main event oh you're are you done
I love it my item okay are you done I'm
showing you God getting you the card
came with a card inside well okay um hi
Bailey aka super hey you love your
videos please not over not over oh
that's a cool one hold that one up I
like this one I've never seen that one
before
hyrum user you better go make them
musically chica this is fun fun I'm so
gonna fifties on sister hip bone cases
I need that yeah that came in the mail
to the camera I couldn't get to work on
the microf microphone I'll have to do
some reading how help me guys
I can work the camera but the little
fuzz ball when it's plugged in I can't
get any audio whether I'm in manual or
audio Auto help camera people what am I
doing wrong
I get what the cameras the cameras
microphone works like that when this is
unplugged
I'll have to do some research okay we're
having some lasagna for dinner what do
you say to musically hey that was super
sweet you guys super sweet better can be
careful with it yes Annie don't pay
attention I'm cleaning my kitchen I hate
my turn the cam run and it's a mess but
I'm in the process of cleaning the
kitchen and heating a lasagna I'll help
you one second Tamino yeah so she's
coming over you are filming a lively
which is going to be for you're actually
filming a truth plus dare but it would
be we're going to film the behind the
scenes of filming the truth look there
it's the not my arms challenge daddy's
going to make slime with his arms and
you're going to teach everybody how to
make slime nothing everybody probably
knows how to make fun nowadays it's
going to be fun and adaptive so that's
the plan for tonight challenge see if it
actually works you do the blindfolded
they have it I don't have to make fun
sure but you're going to be telling him
and he's going to hear it like it's your
arms you're just borrowing his arm I may
not be at that cook when I know how to
iron and I can make lasagna
you're gonna iron oh I'm out of patch oh
that we can follow directions you know
there's a youtube video for that I bet
go go down look at mary-kate looking
like a real softball player don't go to
his Hall this is Ryan up Billy's alley
he loves talking about this kind of
stuff if you want to like you want to be
down you want to go
and one could you know I'm Iron on a
patch haha Judas iron it yes if it's a
higher non-fashion means inherent social
so you'd probably put the iron on top of
it
no no your turn turn it as well a need
about the go on lively and she's wearing
a big big tiny jersey I can't speak up
to Jersey so we could do the not my arms
challenge I hope I'm not in that
musically I caught a really high five my
goal for Joe would your glove and not
your face you should be proud
I like new I thought it but I looked in
my blog you know like was it in a game
oh dang it
I'll with my hair behind the scenes of
not like arms out that can you breathe
Billy so ok no gravity fine as any
fences that's like straight really
really really I need to be a very shirt
like Mars resistance to the surrender no
she's okay I think are you okay are you
okay yeah we'll see what we can find but
this will work so how are you doing
today Annie oh how are you doing today
um I'm gonna you've got very large arm I
know I be growing them out thank you
you're doing a really good job like trim
them every like month to make them grow
back yeah you want no lighter yeah with
a candle okay let me just get the
lighter out of the drawer the upper is
yep right there knocked out one perfect
okay now the candles right here in front
of me nope not there ocean else if you
going down there to fill your brain with
your other arm could find the candles
yeah don't worry yourself what I suggest
fire yeah I was not my greatest shame a
little bit down
I'm gonna go little bit back to right
little bit guys right
go down yeah right yo you can really
dynamite handles and it I'm really done
it likes me maybe yeah uh-huh
mix other hand and a bend the whatever
what if I hold a light the lighter the
other direction to go yes just when your
brain does it was now I Harmon yeah dad
yep now I'm secret go market right there
like he goes right there keep going to
going to soon to hold I reply and yeah
are you gonna be okay it was a so money
to murder this eye on her
that shirt doesn't stretch right I can
use stretchy shirt good job Andrew see
not my arms challenge that we're giving
the behind-the-scenes look on its going
to be on lively so you're going to not
be able to tune in for that
bless you just have to tune in or you
saw any post but you can catch it on
truth cluster or does she get it look at
you right through them not that other
collab that oh my gosh or arrow faction
truth plus there and you guys can see
how this turns out are going to make
slime I don't know if we mention that so
let's just meant to them again slime
meeting with Daddy's arms now my I'm
time hey everybody here's our set up for
behind the scenes of the truth left
their video what is going on over there
possible hey Rob you got a new page and
you want to know another charge for saw
a pen moves your closes oh that was
sweet video session to room it's fine
come on so we made slime don't worry if
you missed the lively it will be on if
you're just joining in or you're
watching this on the vlog it will be
oh yeah you didn't miss it was
hysterical that a lot of movies fun
without garbage flow okay guys so I'm
putting up two bags I'm very tired and
I'm gonna do a short wrap-up the
question today for today is iPad
computer iPhone or like whatever phone
you guys have or what had their other
whatever other TV anything else like
that I would say I like my phone small
but also like the TVs I can't bring a TV
with me and I'd have to use my room come
to my videos have a TV in your room
because I'm not a lot of have one sad so
anyways yeah don't forget to calm down
below soon another question today is
what kind of electronic do you like the
best bye guys we'll see you guys
tomorrow thank you so much for watching
always remember to celebrate
thanks for watching Chris Haley
