time for what Carrie hey car doing today
hi Lizzy will sit in the car with us who
is it yay just pick this cutie up from
school
we're headed for the mall because we are
going to do it we have a challenge video
coming up Oh daddy's Jahnavi yawning and
driving illegal in 49 states find the
state that it's not now I'm kidding
oh you're good you're good oh so we have
a challenge video that we want to do so
we got to go to the mall to pick up
supplies whenever we can yeah we go to
get the Salar we want to tell them what
it is we film it I need you to do just
like that that was good no rehearsals
needed I just have to figure out where
we're going to get an air gummybear and
then you need bear write real bears
makeup on swedish fish fish and real
fish really so that'll be fun
we watched a few of those a day and they
look like they're really tiresome Isle
and they look like they're fun to watch
and they're fun to do so that's the plan
if it's a challenge that's going around
we may be late for the game but we don't
care because we just want to have some
fun yeah that's how we do it around here
this is fun we want to try it yeah
haven't helped even if we're two months
too late
all right here's Haley finding her candy
and we're not letting her go in the
gummy section because it wouldn't be
fair if she sees all the gummies but I'm
going to go give you guys a sneak peek
on what daddy's got you stay here I'll
be right around this corner
what you got well I will sneak peek
anything we peek oh my god has perfect
yeah all right I gotta go back and get
her band-aids Billy gummy band-aids a
joke yah yah yah your face okay no EMF I
just used to say how do you raise your
hand in school
someday when you're least expecting it
what you think where's the ground new
year's you fell for it
Oh raise your hand if you love ice cream
okay no ice cream for you okay I love
ice cream
haha raise your hand if you love your
dog in silence instead of sitting in the
car
we're just going to go in and watch
Danny and we're gonna go wow yeah yeah
what's your total oh I know how II do
roaster south challenge he roasts
herself you roast yourself why would on
a roaster some Haitians it's fun I roast
yourself let me hear like an example hey
this girl and he loved wearing hat Who
am I wrong wrong it's a roast right
roast don't always run yes like a roast
you oh my gosh you thought that roast
tons of I'm watch was probably supposed
to rhyme and I'm not crazy like hey dude
girl on YouTube too bad that we can't
roast Annie because they're conditioning
but I just love to point out that one of
my favorite Leo's of Haley's I love the
mesh
turn around model it for a mess up there
we can't really you can't Rosana good
conditioning to juice your burger or in
conditioning way in the back through the
one time I come and watch and she's not
doing anything kids what we got this one
now talking about you going I rented
obstacle manage risk is hurting now
gymnastics it's so hard on them on their
bodies like if it's not one thing it's
another thing you know it hurts me every
day after my do dramatics okay I'll ask
you my ears because they work she's
always complaining about something but
yes it's like back a lot of stuff on
their little I know that your body's MIT
for that it's bad for me I don't know
about Annie's here what's your name when
you have heard that like Haley had an
alter ego Molly back in the day who is
your alter ego yeah it was but that was
short-lived molly was actually a thing
for a while like I said this is a day
full of errands trying to get their
clothes put away like this don't fit
them I don't they don't fit Annie but
I'm saving them for Haley and they've
been sitting in her room for how long
Aaron some Aaron oh and they've been
sending my mom for like long so church
hard to hang out with your mommy and
your daddy yeah
too tired to hang out with your mommy or
daddy too bad
you will enjoy every minute of it every
so today I was doing bars and I didn't
like double back to step you could
merging okay I'll take the lamp okay and
when you said alternate with some layout
and means like wasn't it below but land
on your back so she knows that you can
do it effect so you over rotate your her
so and you got a map I overheard my
layout but the mat was so hard and not
to win that oh and Manama header and now
in the morning Oh like ah haha I tried
it again she forgot it so Jews stole
just like out that her in the next time
I was like wow what did I do it again
water what you doing what is my problem
that I forgotten right like the time
where I couldn't do anything about it
too late and he's getting the boot she's
got to get out to make room for this
she rode around all all around the store
and now she's got to get out okay
whoa okay put in that going to give you
the energy you need
I strongly media actually said it like
this a strong indeed when Caleb was
little I think we asked him to pick
something up he was like I don't know
three two or three and we said hey Caleb
do you strong enough to put that in and
he goes wrong indeed and he's not wrong
indeed
ah me all you vitamin trash bag mom
hanger I'm not more hanger
toothpaste and more toothpaste okay guys
home home and this is the biggest pile
we were talking about all this it does
not fit Annie anymore so we're going to
decide what to keep for Haley that we
think so much you like throw it nose
bend probably giveaway or donate the
rest of it and get organized
Annie making me nervous thinking that
we're going to get all this done tonight
cute how you think that come on you read
on we're going to do our best who don't
think we're gonna get its own you could
take hours okay you're not sad you're
happy that we're doing this together
it's going to be so much fun I just
don't know we're going to get it done
tonight we'll go okay on your mark Oh
winning you forgot you were playing okay
ready set break here's the update and
he's still working hard putting every we
took everything out now we're putting
everything back in this is what's left
for getting there and look this pile is
done
trash Haley got home from gym she is
cleaning out her closet - I am so
excited she's got a huge stack cleaning
the carpet because the dogs like to come
up here and do their business there for
some reason I they like they like
Haley's carpet yeah they feel at home
but it does smell good in here now so
this is her I guess
trash pile there's no jack
this whole thing was stacked with what
oh well you're probably younger than
that so we're getting somewhere
I'm so glad that everybody's pitching in
and y'all doing Oh cute all that well my
Lucy
yeah my all the way down yes well we'll
look you it's fun ah okay yeah underwear
I should put this make a pile of blanket
sometimes you know sometimes mommies
know there's some random shoes on your
bed do you say tiara or tiara
pyaara pyaara tiara prints up it goes on
top of your head prints it all the way
down this is my room it looks pretty
awesome
um this my droid I don't think that was
good but this is my bed my thing that I
usually go to existence books in use
here is this that's not very good I like
this look my heels up there and she's my
bathroom this is what I have in my
bathroom I have a little thing like that
and then I have my keys nah me nah my
feet like a drainer and then I have it
to shampoos and have a Zoloft I will
hide alone I love boss and um I do I not
even told me so then that's it and than
that I don't know if you guys could see
it and you're in this is my chance
nothing and this is my closet
my walking project and in this over here
and then yeah
how long has it what's the mystic take
in the room it's the most shaken
I took a cooking hour
okay guys soon as my turn I've been
cleaning my room for a while and I've
been informed that the questions a is
how what's the longest you've ever
cleaned your room and I do not think
that this is the longest I've ever clean
my room it's probably been like three to
four hours yeah it's crazy like my room
can you're Batman
it's not really that messy I just like
to organize its we got organizing here
in my husband I'm still unpacking some
stefania's but I got this where I put
some of the stuff and I got this at
daddy builds built for me my prayers
candles this putty because I really like
it it's really sweaty now he was
disgusting and then shirts my favorite
shirt aubergine my gosh hats and scarves
and I organized all of this and help my
mom and I really enjoy this kind of
stuff like just fun for me and then like
after you like you know I don't want to
mess up my room I don't want to miss my
room what you know it eventually gets
messed up but yeah so don't forget to
comment down below cuz doing around the
question today it's how long have you
spent cleaning your room bye guys see
you tomorrow
always remember to celebrate life thanks
babe
thanks for watching Chris Haley
