time for what carry so we just hunt get
to the camera
it is it autos down here but it was
actually a museum anyways we just look
up in refugees and replay them trapeze
so now we're going to get dressed
because we're going to eat at Burger
detail and they're saying it's the best
thing ever so it's a Felix make flooded
okay welcome G nice okay just got it you
can go over the doggy games Han okay
we're gonna get dressed and play
macaques mom obvious by a long night
stand
so we are ready here's my outfit oh that
came to the way there's my outfit I do
there's her always put your earrings and
we just was a looked and looked and
looked and outlook later phone she has
her cartilage appears and look I we got
her college I know dad burst in PA and
brother getting they're clip-ons and you
can't even see mine crit hit it anyways
so thought that counts anyway so we're
going down and going to the trapeze are
you guys ready to order
I'm standing beside me up
hi Annie hi Eileen what you guys
drinking buddy
you guys have fun last night I actually
finally got rid of this
today we're at 8:00 and spoke with a
child is my second time here it's the
girls first time you have you've ever
been here yeah and what it is is
resilience resilience take house so they
bring your meat over to you like there's
these little cards Amy I'm kind of
explaining it to you and Haley look when
you want hey Amy
Haley when you want me oh you already
know you place that up and they'll bring
you all you can eat meat and then when
you don't want any more meat just flip
it over the red so we're about to be
like carnivores just saying
now the meats coming to our save all you
guys you're are you guys want all the
meat we have us all let me like any
other day yeah you get this and if you
need to grab it you're out of it
and he like back to the salad
your turn Annie and Mia unhappily get
your little your tongues ready where's
your card you don't have you don't want
me me yet it feel like you're scared
oh the potatoes are so good want some
potatoes Annie she turned her card Hey
look boys your card oh you've already
got some meat you got a knife but it's
really sharp so Daddy may need to help
you
mm-hm we know how you and I get along oh
and you've been here for a while getting
our first hey got your songs ready
oh hey turn your song David get your
tongue pay oh she does have them
welcome to the escape room look by the
trash can
I think guys who's nervous
do you think we'll be able to didn't let
the goose who thinks that we're gonna be
able to escape in the time limit yeah
you don't I don't know how long a time
limit is but you do have oh my goodness
are you guys serious little dessert the
way you sausages they open it at a
certain a lot at time limit but the goal
is to try to get it before that we're
obviously going to escape
no worries Haley well we're working to
get out we're talking about how if we
don't escape there should be some sort
of penalty if you don't escape them
sometime and we should sprinkler going
all I hear is beep beep beep apparently
those people can't get out this was a
little weird you guys I'm scared too
right now we're just waiting in the
little lobby here until it's our turn
and they've got all these cool games
here when I put a costume on whoa do you
know how they have all these powers oh
it doesn't go that way turn it around
now that's backwards though nope nope
keep going sideways
is there crying subscribe everything
yeah they can't get the code oh oh I
think that's a loser the people in that
room
oh my gosh there's already crazy noises
alright we are lost in the room yeah I
have we're locked in a random room he
was listening to her clue there's two
boxes that are locked here menacing a
real scenario where we are tried without
doors are solid no we're not even close
did we locked in yeah what do we just
try to bust down the door
right it's like more really garden you
can share your very tiny mr1 my captured
you look sorry muffin there you go not
around her neck yet
captain Wow
she got out you're supposed to be
helping us get out of here
the only one actually show one two three
yep don't please do not get in
what if they didn't want to be like
Billy Wow let's do it yeah yeah
so now we're selling out the colors
oh we got it what does it say hey a
first letter in two so the first letter
in two with what he key okay guys were
onto something
third is best we're gonna go fishing
British for that for the message in a
bottle
this might be too so interesting that
I'm where is the letter sir voice off I
keep that not just that yeah how long
we've been in here to use this one I
don't know anybody have to open it
so I am a mannequin Oh gather your
belongings he exits the ride
I got you tried to get you to stay the
neck yeah we'll do the longer come on
Haley I know you're in here do come on
we got to go tell me a goodbye okay sure
bye Mia Thank You boys
come on it's not that far you got it go
by myself
that was fun I'm going to show you guys
my jewelry collection I've been
organizing it I'm gonna I don't know how
to tell if we're going to fit but mommy
so over here in my jewelry stuff these
are all my earrings earrings some of
these are rings with these earrings
under here are the back of those
earrings and rings okay nothing
important
rings and the back of the earrings got
some necklaces grandpa got those for me
huh
whatever this is go to now Papa choker
so that on my grandmother's to me put
that somewhere from the Bahamas your
horses yeah places oh my gosh and that
was my old one but the thing is this has
to be hung but you know how like we are
you never hang anything so there's like
furniture to open it all the stuff falls
out and some annoying than all my
necklace we get tangled so we're going
to hold holes run close to get a jewelry
box
series
the others are doing for one of these
and bubbles oh the hole yeah yeah mm-hmm
this might have been a bus okay we
changed our mind I don't think we are
going to try it because we realized a
hold yeah okay I just let it love do
that okay perfect
I think I think if read we realize that
it does more than just have the doors it
opens so that I could be a good starter
one okay perfect
yeah bracelets maybe I don't know it's
caught necklaces earrings and praying
anything like when you open a necklace
thing a little pad in it you know
abstinence in the earrings are already
in that pad in and out of cold with
nothing except what we came for good
luck
we did we tried to go shopping we just
didn't see anything so we got out of
there and this was on sale like 70% off
so that was a good buy
listen a little bit more I don't know if
the door closed there we go success
comical 70% off alright you guys we just
got home and pulled in the garage and
both of us were just sitting here on our
phones like not getting out of the car
and we're just like for about like two
or three minutes we've just been sitting
here noses in the phone do you guys ever
do that scroll through your old pictures
the bad knee
it's not your bun a young man you're
weird you ready to go in sure now are
you that you think you're gonna be able
to put that jewelry box together are you
going to go into daddy and bat your
little eyes and stick a little bit : can
you help me I didn't walk away nothing
we need a bit broken wood we decided
that Annie needs to have a name for that
crazy boy she does baby boys I got a
good say yeah baby a super baby
earlier she was really like quiet at
lunch at first athlete and all of a
sudden - like hi good morning Annie hang
on wait aniket decided she wants to be a
little girl or a teenager I really did
that was it auditioning was she nailed
the line just like a lot did you guys
get it under that but you just nailed
that and I get using oh honey you had to
beat all right let's get inside I'm not
exaggerating he was literally put knows
her best tank tale so here it is right
now I really like it I just it all on
myself anyway so I built it all by
myself so here we go about six five six
seven eight before boom so come and
decorate it and here it's decorated good
here it is
okay bye guys no kidding so here it is
open it up and here are earrings that I
would normally wear on a daily basis
here in London I'm feeling a little bit
wild my bracelets I got a big ring that
you know didn't fit and does it need
time I Momsen anyway I have all these
rings you don't other wear rings but you
only have some and hope that's not a
drawer that says and here I have some
choker necklaces and more like loci
tight braces place brace up and homemade
ones then it's got some glasses more
glasses and then I don't have anything
in the other drawer I will find
something
oh wait and then doesn't resist and then
there's this Hodja stuff okay then my
jewelry all right we got a new set up so
the closest Piper's been no Piper calm
down you're going to go outside
Oh Gigi don't even start this is
exciting
no Piper I'd be gentle Piper be gentle
good dogs
look at their faces they could so jump
in here I mean they know they can
winning that's not smart
don't even try Gigi is a lot smaller
than you
hmm that's the closest she's bent good
girl Piper I was so gentle she's acting
better they got last couple times she
was shaking hey Piper like we're just
excited that sometime is like okay Piper
that was very good nice to watch it
plaintiff Unger is already awesome
Danny you're missing some cute stuff
companies I can be a good girl Piper are
you changing her are you best friend
already
why would I cooked our little bunny come
here my new best friend wall again how
did it face need hey what about you any
help for you quit licking huh
I don't know if you're tasting her or
being sweet I haven't decided
we I hope you're just being sweet and
you're not yeah
can we get a picture no my phone's dead
okay back up back up back up can use
their bubble I was like I think I could
step over I mean to say I want to see I
really like thanks Winnie I was so ho
good Piper and guys just to remind
everybody that's good catch her good
reaction that's not blood that you see
on her that is died from a toy to toy
her teeth that we had to stop your game
on my that we had to get rid of because
obviously died her fur is gonna die her
fur then who knows bunny you're lucky
you jump where the dog couldn't get
crazy wouldn't no one could jump we were
pretty sure that this one's too short we
order the wrong one
okay you guys it's time to give the
bunny some medicine don't over all and
that brings me to the question of the
day the bunny is taking a liquid music
pill or liquid me to pill
hailey like Bullock was you know I can't
what this is how she told us to do it
it's strawberry flavors don't like it
though look how cute you think Joe is
her teeth Billy come on you can do it oh
yeah Oh mother small Oh daddy nice
yeah doing a good girl you're not
getting away you have me see baby didn't
so the vet said that the the reason is
so important to support their back legs
is because they can yeah they can kick
okay kick and it should break their own
son
yeah they kick so hard with their back
legs yeah she had her own defender like
that yeah and then she lifted we don't
want to hurt her yeah no all right guys
that's it we had a fun day the what's it
called escape room was interesting but
we had fun because we were with good
people and that's the end of today
tomorrow the week starts over happy
Monday tomorrow everybody why would you
even say that see coming out of below
what kind of medicine you like yeah and
we'll see you tomorrow bye always
remember to celebrate life
thanks for watching Chris Haley
