so you know that up here you guys
seriously you have a setting dog I'm
going to do it infomercial just buy this
dog hair sucker for $19.99 but wait
there's more it comes with a free
Bulldogs I forgot what you were I forgot
you guys seriously she likes it but then
the noise scares her so what it's honor
like oh it feels good I was like are you
crazy
motors it whinny destroy runs this
thing's not not United on is okay
it would have you had three if you
promise treats it comes with it
that's our Dustbuster for rabbit stop
and we need a lil but when he sheds the
most he thought it would be funny to
vacuum the dog feels good doesn't it
it's perfect she loves to be pet and
nibblin sucks the burro because I'm sure
you guys have seen in our recent videos
we've been doing a lot of bunny and her
ear is drooping see that you're right
there and we read online that that could
be an ear infection so we are taking
bunny to our first vet appointment and
hopefully that it's nothing major and
they can fix it see it's drooping so
fast she's scratching it - oh my
goodness you got I just taken a layup
from school and we came home grab the
bunny that was very smart you've got
like a laundry pod you bargain with a
laundry bag over it so the bunny can
breathe since she wasn't too fond of the
leak could even bring the leaves where
she put those oh she wouldn't put it on
those okay
well this works are you ready to see if
she's got an ear infection can't was
there
Haley worried about or Haley like I
don't want to go and look how to take
care of your bunny because I'm scared
for her
Oh watch your test
all right the doctor just know the
nurses later but we're going to lay here
for you so you guys can see how much she
weighs three point and one and I chose
it wiggling
she could beat Bernie alright we're
going to figure out what's wrong with
you we don't want your fall here
what's going on you're a half long new
boy breeze on a hot wok half up her
little ear you guys you've got older she
is she's like what she's the most
curious bunny I've ever seen you keep
making noise over there you love her
we're going to find a hat like drama bet
you're going to give you some kind of
drop that's my guess red her eyes public
display died young she got a to toy that
was like died or splitter I threw it
away
flamer de-clutter killing one yeah the -
toy well be scared of her not scared if
I want to get screwing here not a lot it
needs to stand up all right
I want everything yeah I don't know know
it was one that we just got with I think
the scissors and the nail clippers I
mean tall
look it's just getting worse and worse
it hurt
probably got it all right I need you
okay you guys are you ready to hear what
the vet side
it's popping up imma let you get in
first
yeah okay so mild ear infection so we've
got her medicine and the doctor gave her
the first dose
she'll filmed it I think think about it
sorry guys but anyway so yeah mildly
rebec's not nothing too bad so it could
be the reason our ears flopping or maybe
she's a lot faster all we're doing
trying to get out all right we got to
get the player practice ready drink oh
you want her in your lap oh look the cat
drug in
yeah okay scuse me for hear you guys hey
Annie
good to see you today I only haven't
seen you since 9:00 this morning for
nothing she's look to having care about
me baby that she cares about mom who
cares
cute little Ava babies right where it's
Friday night and we got plans we're
going to stay along here and do the play
or dance that's good all right I'll take
it you're here need you ready for this
who's everybody here yeah some you guys
you're doing fires nine years what are
to help me here
Oh Mia me appear but she's not in fear
here we go
oh what'd you make her Oh new number of
flair you guys Arden you shouldn't miss
you've been relayed I'll come in with my
lease a little later but here we go
I gotta interview your daughter
hey Peggy how did you feel about your
mother joining player oddly honestly I'm
coming after you are decided they are
expecting a fart smeller okay some water
you
you
yes ma'am I like it that's a wrap on
breakfast yeah if you combine it all
seven Hey well oh four five
six sexy hey so high as we've made is
what 22 region playing I getting two
guys everybody came can't have the same
number that number in a row or the same
time as anything else but you don't know
when that person's gonna say it I sick
okay only three five six five six hey
yeah I love it
there's an elbow we can go I love it
three
look look boy I got a memo daily one
three four five weeks away
three I think outfits not sick eight
I'm betting that fun you guys in the car
on the way home from stick player
Fridays for we're all gonna get snuggled
up in my bed and I just like to point
out how cute Annie looks because she's
matching number one but more importantly
she's wearing the the Bubba short
oh hi Matt oh yeah so we're gonna divide
and conquer Annie and daddy are gonna go
snuggle up on the couch what are you
guys going to watch you and me oh hi
Swamp People oh lucky all right got a
lot and the Carbonaro
because we're gonna buy everything what
we already are watching Dancing with
Dancing with the Stars because some
moans on we haven't seen it yet this was
this is a episode that came out earlier
this week we just haven't watched it yet
so we've all snuggled up to the bed and
our question today is choose your
favorite dancers dance are like anybody
that I know is dancing oh well I guess
Sean Tom's ahead because she was on
Dancing with the Stars
hi I'm Karen Stan oh yeah hey Jojo cuz I
like Jojo Jojo yeah Mackenzie and Maddie
any of the dance moms people yeah
alright with Colleen miranda things you
know Kalani well I know what is it
that's not like the only Jacqueline
musical answer chooser together all the
Dance Moms people are good dancers and
alright my friend so comment down your
below your favorite dancer we've got a
kind of long day tomorrow what's the
plan for tomorrow okay we're ready
Oh what sleepover with me and both going
to me is well be sure to see our newest
challenge video because it was a lot of
fun
and on one floor now go find out who won
go watch the video and see who won um it
was a lot of fun to make and we haven't
done one in a while so I just want to
make sure you guys didn't miss it
you know and I think our dogs want it
all right guys that's a wrap on today
yeah yeah don't know what I'm gonna say
and sing hi puppy
he's big dancers are all three of them
in not only thank you oh there's number
three all right good night
I'll wait remember to celebrate life hey
babe thanks for watching Vic Haley
