boy retiree
hey hot Oh lunch on the go you guys
normally wait to eat this I'm hungry so
so we got an e from the gym picked her
up and then we realized that Mia's
lunchbox or lunch bag was still in here
from the other day
daddy went to run it in and he's been in
there for forever he's probably like
torturing the girls like daddy is so fun
at doing quantit doing sometimes I can't
speak so good at doing come on in you
can tell me to your friends like your
father
so you're just saying that guys are the
camera on you and you can edit this they
like him do they do are we the best
parents are we the favorite I know you
we are we're way cooler than the still
and this other Jill and this minal we
are the fun parent I'm just kidding you
guys all evarin's are fun but they like
that your friends like us the best right
I don't know
are you have we ever embarrass you I
think we're pretty cool but then I come
in there and sometimes you like look at
me like I think that's normal
like oh my gosh my parents are so
embarrassing most kids think their
parents are embarrassing trust me
what the kid won't read you think your
parents are embarrassing that's what I'm
sneaking here in Sweden you were a kid
one do you think so yeah we daddy was
the wrong one to send a man damn he put
it he offered that's why he's like I'll
go in nope there he is okay only house
dude I'm gonna come then we're gonna let
students it's such a long that's right
user took you long enough
who hired me a dork oh he wasn't all
over hip-hop without relaxing she was in
a bag that looked just like her bag I
love her I love her music hey guys so go
ahead upstairs from school I love
downstairs but from the ground got in
total spending time with adult you said
I was like I said so my dad had me
fooled in the back right now
so yeah mommy went to go get Haley
daddy's editing I think I'm doing school
in the room I just want to go to sleep
just fell asleep right now because a
good question today have you ever fallen
asleep during school oh my gosh the dogs
are dropping bones okay guys so yeah see
you next clip today while we were out
daddy and I we got your bunny a harness
to harness isn't a leash so the way you
pick one she's got to go to the vet
tomorrow so we're going to try this oh
my no
I know if you love to learn to love it
every day you're gonna walk her every
day
oh hey lady loves you and Daddy stinky
feet which I don't know why he kicked me
if you can mr. bunny I can't beat you
we know oh my gosh your mom it is
precious maquette Oh
Oh Bunny's first bite I feel it
happening you know II don't know for
such a bit harnesses on bunny by the
time it made one time put your paws I
don't want to do that yeah let's go all
out face up guys it is not funny this is
not funny
holy cow so embarrassed right now
I ate a whole pie don't pull it you just
like your crazy video long regard I'm
down looking out floppy ear you're
hurting they're really floppy they're
supposed to stick up Oh are they hurting
oh they'll go get the medicine tomorrow
oh don't you like alright fine
ha ha what we have the baby step we have
to walk remember we can open the gate
now
so Haley she doesn't need a lot of
tension like if she starts to hop away
don't yank in okay just kind of give her
a little a little little tug okay cuz
she's like all right stand up too much
see what she does to keep some slack on
it you don't want to go you want me to
do peaceful what I say is see what she
does
oh no she's going to go anywhere there
you go you go learn good dimmer but now
the good thing it is like seriously at
the back tomorrow you don't have to get
scratched up bring her in and you can
put her down like that but still control
her rude Haley on China or you want
Annie to try first
yeah cuz her little paws are gonna get
the back is going nicely if you don't
want to go that way oh good cat Jani
oh we're gonna let you off the leash in
a second all right Haley your turn
before we put her away super Colonel
MacArthur's yeah I think boy she flips a
lot doing good
that's better
she doesn't want it on but he's not
doing horrible
she's got any trains I mean it's not
like a normal thing let's be honest this
is a fact
Oh all right I think that's enough she
did a good job Annie please don't get
scratched no no we can forget all who
worship okay yeah just kind of patter
with it on that's a good idea
so here's the deal my friends we are
having leftovers for denman and Annie I
would like to make an announcement
okay let me make the announcement okay
we have a new editor in town nanny she
is edited the vlog that will go up
tomorrow at 7:00 all by herself
I don't think it even took you that long
I was quite impressed so she got to see
but yep you've never edited a vlog right
you've done a couple of your gymnastics
videos do you think these won't be
beautiful if you need music usually if
it's like stuff that you have to mute
because there's music playing Steve did
it kind of make her go
no just cut from vlog reading that cause
it's just basic or basic but you edited
the whole thing and it was it a lot of
footage or of it a minute seven you made
an 80 minute video but you cut out a lot
earning a lot okay so this is the video
so you'll know what you're watching that
she edited well maybe it wasn't a lot
for me it was a lot maybe daddy's
herself even more just seemed like a lot
this is a video where Haley Oh into the
heart doctor right so that's already up
by the time you're seeing this so when
you're thinking back you're like oh yeah
I watch that so go back to that
video and comment Annie's favorite emoji
because that was a question of the day
and right I want this man take your
emoji it was either the drooling one for
the kissy one so comment 100 scared me
he came out of nowhere
so left over for dinner Haley has been
texting me all night I think Mia they're
playing truth or dare
what did you dare me to do keep the poll
did you do it if you send you the video
let me do the video Mia we're calling
you out what
Mindy dared me at a kiss a poll love her
what did she dare you what's the
craziest thing she dared you to do you
didn't do a dare you did a truth what
was the truth she gave you aa Philippine
daily spell Amin did she ask you about
your boyfriend
she's my boy just kidding you guys are
too young for boyfriends yeah you hear
that you're too young for boyfriend a
lot of pleasures are there anyway truth
who's who's your crap like that we
should play that that's going to be a
shout-out video right now guys comment
that we should include this don't get it
go do that cuz it'll get a lot of things
and we'll have to pick one of you and
then and you'll be sad because you can't
choose alright I gotta go eat your
dinner out okay
no women say that first shoutout video
or for a challenge video gosh Haley
Jesus hey guys so it's time to be fixed
to the day Andy no whoa don't rush it
keep them
okay so week know a lot today wait what
did we do right you haven't gone
anywhere but mm-hmm it's like watching a
kitten wander into the woods so guys
it's kind of the question today we try
to do like arts and crafts but we kind
of failed what you started watching TV
so now we're tired and we're going to go
get ready for bed so question for any
time which is through or vegetables
fruit fruit vegetables fruit vegetables
vegetables tomatoes or two uses
everybody be quiet but through is we not
just don't do the vegetable nombres
don't though don't forget to comment
down below we want to know this question
of the day or vegetable bye see you
tomorrow
Hey always remember to celebrate life
hey babe
thanks for watching with Haley
