boy right Kylie good morning friends
we're going to come over here so you
guys don't look I was before reduce to
dark died Katie fell asleep before Annie
she's out this day Ruby you made it
emmalin my dad cool look two nuts so you
guys are uh probably late yeah one is a
funny thing
I don't know you were fine that's not
really a lie we're fine then so happens
in breakfast KB's mom's coming to get
her early today
Oh boom movie tonight in replace
Katie see you gave me his blessing
Haley's at Spring Break coming up oh we
should take that funny German School
where we're done with you we're on
Haley's spring break I'm not a very rich
family
yeah Diane eager why cuz I know you can
do that when they're her parents love
her
when you're caught up with floor that
you can do nice very she's doing a good
job don't make her sad she works around
the clock on school gym YouTube and
punched and getting punished
whoa and this is going yeah I'm getting
you know a minute ago I got it this is
people I like hey guys no come here
what's the problem Oh Eddie I'm a sort
of a watery like I make it you know how
to lieutenant why don't you do this I
want to know is enough air all right
therefore since our turns like the rock
and orange sparkly Rock
I'm trying to fix it can it be fixed
oh right good cliff is being pretty sick
right now it's just like saying the
other licensed hands that part for it oh
it looks like a drag when drunk no God
let me guess that's it okay this is not
working
it was nowhere I'm making noise didn't
work daddy took camp earlier again today
and that's because we're checking on my
heart because um it's nothing wrong with
later guys nothing but we're just
checking on it get this been a long time
one and I got um like dizzy yesterday so
we're just going to check on it I was
putting um in the playground and my
heart started racing and then I far down
is it like um a little like dizzy and
then I got a little more busy but it's
okay cuz I we're just gonna shake on my
heart oh yeah nice and helps me look
good to the nurse and then because my
dad we're probably going to film when we
get there we've arrived lock the door
the locket not shut it you a dork no
that's how you unlock it we've covered
this push that little button yep
all right where's your slope Oh mommy I
mean we're discussing if Haley's name
wasn't Haley
so the channel wouldn't even called for
Haley it be called Bret something else
like if your name was London it would be
redundant and if your name was amber
every for timber the key word for timber
is Bobby don't run out for the crazy kid
ready yep let's do that the elevator
literally in treasure a lot of course I
meant it but Noah's are reading books it
will make a big man in a tiny elevator
hoping I was Chinese
you can imbue and echo complete you know
the EKG was normal
he's looking at the heart to my heart
yeah just look at the pictures right now
heart pictures we wait and we do
handstand funny if you walk in the room
like laughs Haley how you feeling - like
a good asleep we read all your energy go
he was Jim tonight got sucker for
bouncing around because we had a normal
EKG and echo yeah except she's still
tired
the doctor said it's probably because
she was dehydrated which we figured it
could be dehydrated or she got up too
fast we knew all that stuff stop too
fast when you're running or whatever and
you stop yeah
so to sit down if you feel that because
if she does end up passing out I don't
wanna be that has a coolness key but we
didn't make this part just total walk he
may really think we definitely hadn't
heard that she was feeling that way
sometime so we're going to drink more
water that we're going to home okay but
this is not the elevator we took looks
good but anyway um so drink more water
and sit down carefully but the heart is
good hearts look heart the heart looks
like it looks like it should look this
is it we couldn't talk him into doing
Annie Hall
so for months you get perfect funny
chores we're gonna freshen the little
bunnies cage up everyone tomorrow we're
going to freshen it up scoop the bunny
is really kind of good about pooping in
like one little corner good okay and
then we'll put some water softener
perfect see how easy that was bunny
wants to play don't don't mess with them
that much
the dogs are interested in helping you
okay all right we got to get this little
grid gym so it's chilly out so go get
some clothes on
good girl Pfeiffer you're always a
little girl winning Miss Kenton Piper
you're a good girl - not surprised that
you're a good girl your bites out is the
prize I was just kidding you want to see
your you haven't been introduced fully
yet because you are pushing it open just
like let me out of here I don't know her
I didn't tell you to do something brace
for impact
where we going I'm waiting that long so
we'll enjoy digital Jim Mason Tisa and
now we are going to shop and get rich
Ken's girl baby some stuff like just
like an outfit and stuff just a little
game you know what it is we've been
waiting for 20 weeks to find out so
that's what we're doing now Haley's
again no more than cocaine turn 18 okay
so I should try to stay friends you want
to get something to the baby can wear
pretty much immediately yes I mean mean
is really something that she can grow
and NVDA
Oh leave immediately oh we have to get
this mommy get together everything here
for soon sir no I'm oh she's getting out
you guys this is a some shoes oh my gosh
do you fit in them like I'm talking
about lazy excuse you don't get
everything in here
I'm not a hat she's looking that it's
for the little hands I don't scratch
show faces Oh a little fun gossip oh she
needs to meet head man Vicky we should
get him back
look I'm not doing we're not getting all
this you guys she thinks is will limit
it down but first let's get it look you
guys newborn oh oh this is cute too too
adorable they're playing with slime and
fire behind us what don't try this at
home your buns getting early doctor
you're flopping like that I read about
today could mean it's got an ear
infection
oh yeah he already made an appointment
for two Friday but her ear when I walked
in it's even floppier so it probably is
some sort of like infection not even any
love month a year floppy yeah I think
it's adorable but not up she's in pain
don't try it at home
yes
okay sounds nice community the ghosts
don't fly yes very good
oh yeah hey Lee would you like to eat
dinner tonight
Scott her back from the gym why are you
taking to it you're not allowed to do it
unsupervised it's true exactly
any safe any proof I want I'll do
anything
what's HAP I'm sure sure sure sure that
I guess our classic sure like sure yeah
how do you think you spell it and I'll
tell you if you're right yeah sure it is
all right I have a new thing coming at
you guys sneak peek we're in the process
of working on these and if we can get
them done I'll tell you what they are in
a second but you know it's just we're
just in the beginning stages so I don't
know when it's going to be or if it will
even ever be but they're tailee ones too
so go to there this little sneak peak on
some emoji stickers they call them like
trunks like an emoji type thing
Nana see yours sneak peeks don't even
know if we should be showing you guys
these yet so it's literally a singing
peek but just the beginning say this
would come out it would be fun because
everybody loves emojis nowadays what's
that so funny oh it looks like G years
stay tuned for some more information
because we do want to get these out
comment your favorite emoji down below
if this is exciting that's going to be
the question of the day um what's your
favorite emoji and then so I'm kind of
changing it up on the spot here what's
your favorite emoji so comment with an
emoji and then like others who gets it
and then if you're really excited put
more than one emoji
alright so favorite emoji those are cool
look at the beam nailer night for coming
through those I just resent you
alright guys that's a sneak peak don't
forget comment down below so favorite
emoji is the first thing and then
secondly if you're excited if you're
excited about seeing these emojis come
to life how excited are you we need more
emojis more than one like favorite one
goes first and then like blasts up with
emojis okay guys see you tomorrow thanks
for tuning in audio well amigos
oh yeah we didn't answer it slick remove
it
okay flappy cry face I like to say shine
no I like a drooling one my out here
some reason lately I like this one the
second one explains kind of like
drooling Oh which one was a favorite
right now whatever mean hats like what's
your current favorite I think I needed
anakin because on Tina's always been my
favorite danny has a hard time making
decisions lately she used to not be like
this one to the little she was very
decisive now she's indecisive because he
feels sorry for the other one now he's
like oh but the kissy face is gonna feel
left out don't know where would you be
right okay for years what did I go wrong
okay nobody the joy was like Oh pick I
can't right don't worry just business
okay fine you're gonna have to win bye
see you tomorrow yes my god I want you
to remember to celebrate life Hey
ah based on cake baby thanks for
watching Vic Haley
