hi boy retiree oh hey guys good morning
to stop this dog also this bunny is
crazy she was well so she can now jump
on the couch she jumped on the couch a
million times so now we're having she's
got to stay in here but this is what I
just Kate is amazing
ragosa's hope not because what but we
put this on it so that she doesn't get
her little legs caught in the holes
but she's so funny good job she's not
bring anything you guys not afraid of
the vacuum okay this is your daily bunny
footage can't promise this will be all
Oh bunny she's the sweetest you guys I'm
gonna get lots of bunnies now hey guys
I'm just with the buddy here you like
this
that's a backpack so we open turkey and
we have this gate around so she can go
in there now or sometimes you feel stuff
with you teach how you going to just go
right now
she's going to type so much on that
computer a knee alright she's learning
yeah she's kind of like you outside and
it's not an emergency warning and I
started my heart is racing and then it
slowed down and then I got really dizzy
you know I didn't ask ow I don't involve
what'd you do did you sit down yeah I
said sat down at the nurse nurses office
and good timing because I didn't know
that Daddy was going to pick me up and
it right when it um he called she was
like oh oh you guys forgot so you might
want to go back up he was getting all
dentally super super gentle League well
I think I think they said they're
pulling all your teeth today then you
don't need them anymore
you just gotta eat soft food right ice
cream so you're on a fall ice cream diet
absolutely something you can think of
not bananas not oatmeal ice cream the
only thing you can think of right now
imagine that it's called selective
thinking okay I'm really nervous so I
did a lot of school today not really
like I didn't feel long time I didn't
get that much done but anyways we're
going to dentists and to sound reason
even though I've gone off and off and
off outfit so Haley berry bushes cookie
c-bro every bite has at least one today
I remind her about it you know you make
it you look mad
I'm gonna start walk going in the room
with her in one chair Michael anyways
and he has a tiny tiny little cavity
that that could be played done with this
new anything everyone's picked off okay
I push my t-zone normal basis like
sometimes we get back to my class
eggomatic knee or location or whatever
really Lintang all the way under a es
and patches you're already asleep
that lake or if I'm at a friend's house
they normally don't brush my teeth
because I don't have a toothbrush but
and then I chose to dentist Agra two
cavities
- so I'm going to the dentist now and
I'm going to get them done and a Dean
Haley's even now I got already gotten
can be sued it was a long time ago I
don't remember what feels like I know I
hated it but they don't like to the shot
in my mouth and really nervous
they're here call me home I was nine
right so let's go to mark Manhattan
class like six months to a year
like crew here okay the first no idea
that he did he was great I didn't feel
hardly anything else like oh did you do
it and you like yep we're done the last
one I can actually feel but it didn't
hurt like I can feel it soon like what
did it feel like
excuse me on your arm you wanted it in
your mouth
doctor I don't want to stop it okay now
how long how long is it numb about an
hour to after but I don't know I do get
numb fresh up I mean not because Glover
yeah I got to do it right yeah I know
they're going to learn them on your gums
before they give you a shot to make it
like some topical stuff to make it that
now make us awesome I go first well hey
we have to go home and shower before I
wore them anyway we're going through the
piece as a team bathroom I heard we had
to get to find out if Kimmy having a boy
or a girl so set it up on the computer
really quick and then we're going to put
it this protective
that you're going to actually your face
really fun right
shoot your face look like with no skin
on it
like your shirt there you go okay
taking combinations real quick your hand
here Clark
and by
you're a great statue that's your face
right now these are you look happy and
in your dog the adult deeper in there
that I call there waiting to come out
yeah there underneath the gun leaving
your whiskey these up here this one the
owner shoes are not in there but Rosie
now
Oh
of course of course she goes for the
doctor of course you do
thank you
one kid out the other one end
a step forward Center has particularly
okay really
that coal of your teeth
money
yeah that's for one day when you have
wisdom how him maybe you don't have to
worry about a boyfriend
we have a look good find out when this
Kenyan baby is I mean yeah all right
Annie is designing the hairstyle
yes not over here are my really big crew
which other kids keeping room so
normally we would just like kind of run
our fingers through them after we crawl
them all that much but she says she
wants right these are those gonna brush
them out cause it to be like crazy it
makes gonna make it lazy and I like
these tight curl that's cat look really
run 20 minutes demonstrate what's good
right hey I broke okay you know what
tomorrow I'll put the brush through my
hair and it'll look good I don't recur
limb after I lost all the does that make
sense
let me do it is curtain expression no
what about you too much well good mommy
brush I see the cameras in fashion we
know I took crow back in lucky with so
much and am hanging in third wonder
everyone goes on with the protocol you
want to lose weight
my lady sorry not what she wanted wave
now let me spray it who loves good we
spray it looks a little frizzy
hey Deb I got some um wave got a tight
curl now what you're going to go in here
I'm going to view my hair you don't
usually blow dry up we should really let
it air dry
we don't have time that she wants a
style bye Danny
well not exactly like enemies but what
Kurt ships - so Haley's in charge of
lausanne
his a little fresco off for her back
supermodel status yes it's hot
all right I think it's going up my
friend
now we're going to use these tools so
finish it up to be a menu with this
letting you grasses strap mesh we are
going to pick up Mia from Jim I was
supposed to go but I hadn't insisted
Wainman so we're going back to the gym
pick up Mia they're not here having
lunch with soup dinner dinner with Mia
Mia dat chill and I'm guys with Haley I
kind of loading up the whole fish okay
I know except this before but I played
hockey and ice cream so our crews
underneath her follow we picked me up
and around the demo and a jacket say
thank you
hey I don't know if I'm more excited or
the girls are more excited to find out
what miss Kim's having I'm just sayin
alright good boy
I'm super excited about Beauty and the
Beast as well you think it's a girl
we're gonna get what Mia witnessing oh
yeah put it back there yeah okay I have
to go fix the trunk anyway cuz I don't
forget clothes this is not going to be a
gender evil when I initially planned to
movie nights and then someone suggested
it and I stopped and only one chef is
not I forgot I forgot to sign it alright
we have a friend of mine that asked me
to sign and signing and speaking at the
same time is really hard to decide start
okay so anyway and I thought when I I
wanted to plan a party for all of you to
tell you what we're having and it is boy
or girl and I thought what better way to
actually do it then here because my
entire stem family
parents oh we're so excited because we
felt this amazing support and love from
all of you and I know down I don't know
I'm hearin I don't know that most kids
so we're excited that you can be here
with us this is my husband Dan oh oh
yeah boy you like that with the same
amount of time both a lot a beauty or
warehousing to be our beef please oh my
gosh okay so yeah non-traditional yellow
and pink pink it's not I'm sorry we
can't boil and keep it yellow and red
because in the movie please has red rose
and Belle has a yellow dress then you'll
know
what are you doing I thought I was doing
okay
I think you get on the way out guys
Isuzu movie it was awesome
I only cried three times three times it
is like oh my gosh my stomach like drop
everything
yes doesn't go watch it go today guys
thank you guys it's a girl one two three
Wow I'm really good I just a little
magical wrinkled on top I told you gel
magic that's pretty cool isn't it you
have to make this left and I heading
here y'all you carried it covered though
right I thought you knew like snow I
love that nothing about it
nobody knew nobody knew you did a really
nice job all I ask why don't I do my
dance she meant like the gym BAM
and post on my facebook right now all
right bunny meet some new friends okay
oh not like that good for you I'm not
working out up closely working out but
I'm not Cinderella Cinderella what are
you doing what are you back uming up as
AKA poop Megan says Katie calls them
rabbits and some dog poop odd all right
we'll give it in okay because that
puppies want in now okay alright guys
isn't and to a fun-filled day and we
need a little question of the day
question of the day is what's your
favorite type of shoe to wear boots
tennis shoes sandals flip-flops Sanji's
in the box I would say flip-flop is lost
in my castle and you can I might comfort
soon yeah
I'm going football okay guys what a
crazy crazy day we know what miss
Kimmy's having we're super excited for
her and Dan yeah I texted them so the
movie was great
hey got a bunny spoon honey we had it
hit it well yeah yeah get on a bunny
food hey hey hey I'll make you sick I'm
sure Wendy what do you like oh they all
moved out of the way for me I forget now
all right okay guys we'll see you
tomorrow comment down below your
favorite kind of shoes bye guys
always remember to celebrate life hey
babe
thanks for watching this Haley
