hi boy
McCamey rise and shine
she's already rised risen so she's not
shining it sorry she's putting her
jacket on we're going to try to wear
these jackets have everybody got the
message to wear these jackets today if
not we have the other one of the back up
slowly oh say she's not her shiny yet
you guys she will be oh oh oh the
sleeves are itchy let me pull it up
alright guys as you can tell we have any
state meet this morning so it's pretty
darn early it's not like extremely early
but it's early so we are going to do our
hair and we'll check in with you in a
little while I wish her luck quick guy
just now we actually I want to make sure
that it was right right so pretty she's
my place to be it's also here then we
got something to eat
I didn't know it
now go back and yes yeah
I see a family now if I go to me I had
to space on but it's only to learn it's
not a big fan of me
I know
well registers can be a 5-month to the
state and get like flowers and stuff a
lot of people might ask you why do you
do gymnastics if you don't like me okay
I don't know check it's fun going the
practice pad like I like learning new
skills new stuff and practicing but I
don't like showing I just pass up
yeah
I mean you go into here you're welcome
fitness
good luck this good luck Oh happended
you're welcome
hi hi
Aliyah congratulations some kids
qualified oh yeah
awesome job congratulations Annie I'm
going to interview how does it feel to
qualify for every day I feel like I need
a rate in myself to nitpick on
everything not everything is being happy
stay tuned for Annie's beam you'll see
what he's talking about soon I'm going
to ask you all camera what that was
because I have my guesses so let me get
hang on all right it was my second guess
my second guess was right stay tuned for
why Annie I just realized we have to
tell them what happened on beam anyway
now because it won't go in the video you
don't talk on your videos she had a
brain fart saying I was thankful and
then I didn't I thought I guess two
reasons either her feet were right on a
roundoff so she didn't feel safe or she
thought it was warm-ups and wasn't I got
those owned in on you she knew as if she
landed though I saw it like as soon as
she walked off she's like but she's
still qualified barely so you can redeem
yourself and we know you can do that
beam routine
you hire one-and-a-half Punjab we bail
out there at regional chanting our
talking down on the way here we're like
wow yeah thank you landed your ball
Annie and then evolved it in a meeting
forever I'm proud of you all right Annie
and I made our way home we made our way
home and we heard that when he loves the
bunny but they're outside for a few
minutes we do love you I realize I could
open this door if it wasn't long have
you been hanging out with her all day
hailey is she sweet
hi girl frisbee Annie wants to say hi to
you click oh she died okay
I love the fact that she is just so gon
hurt years go down like she's all you've
been doing all day loving her no he's a
kalenna man he's the only make sure they
go to the bathroom
they've been in all morning you have a
treat for me what have you done with her
today Hey
Oh you taught her how to any Trek chat
can she roll over yet hey she's gonna
figure it out I feel like it's gonna
take her that long before I love me your
lawyer we had her up there or down here
well I'm not we trying to do it to the
job oh really yeah some Marty can't see
got that regionals in two weeks
Haley's got to meet the same weekend
yeah we don't know we're going to figure
it out we had the divide-and-conquer
we're sweeping out the mass because we
kind of like put this puts it bunnies
cage together real quick last night
while the shavings and the hay
we were in a hurry and it kind of went
everywhere we're trying to clean it up
kind of figure out what we want to do on
this lovely Sunday night I was doing
with Saturday night but it's not it's
Sunday very nice I love that you better
fighting out whose food are you coming
after it's done well Haley you got a
jacket on the floor over here yeah yeah
we can recycle it penguins dance
something we picked not real penguin oh
yeah I don't know if they were wearing
oh it's okay Annie it's fine people who
are like
Haley what are you looking for that you
won't be getting a plastic bag alright
guys so that's the update on the
afternoon and yeah we're going to do
possibly I don't know if I just realize
it's Sunday night so she see if we're
seeing as Mary Kate wants to hang out
but rather another goth mary-kate
well isn't whatever stopped snowing and
in mark so the boat maybe next month and
watch this video right and he just
called them dumb that's why you don't
say nice weird things about people while
we're filming I should major oh yeah
baby get all of your leg
those your bones are going crash this is
like brittle I'm going to get young
anyway I'm over it yes oh yeah are you
gonna yeah yeah
oh I don't think the bunny shy are
scared she just hopped right up in here
she looks big from this angle see
anything
let's get a good angle be like monster
bunny hey can you cooperate
hey little buddy booboo think mary kate
loves her like we all do what's your
name again frisbee I call it little
bunny foo foo because I couldn't
remember its name for a second backyard
anymore no just for a few days until if
you get used to us and then we're living
under the stable really Oh y'all are
like maybe Annie where's the source
source yeah or other horse your arm yeah
are you HOT ball that's not a happy wife
I can't hit me it's got to be stable it
will be but we wanted to get really know
me okay Jesus wiggle off the horse
without the backyard where I'm going to
get you I love you I love you I you're
smilin up easy way to go good guys they
can't come in back five all right watch
these people you're not stupid all
you're not stupid at all you are just a
smart whippersnapper
I can't I can't get her any when I get
her yeah Haley doesn't wanna get scratch
oh you don't wanna hurt her
Marion up to you up to sing it go over
little claws stuck on your shirt make
sure it's not off when you cut know you
guys have bunnies been exercised today
you're a pro Annie kind of evil what
what's Linda joy in Running Room I know
you guys know that when you see your
animals you make a boy so they're
showing us their voices
anyway you always do like okay I wanna
swing okay that's Winnie what was bzees
oh gosh Piper what's grand mean what's
frizzy oh hello you're nibbling on my
booth Wow girl what em what's Lunas
seriously you can't eat that
okay are we ready to wrap this day up
who can think of a question of the day
for me oh she's going to on Mary Kate
shoo whoa
we asked that yesterday's on the dot pet
this or that somebody think of it for
that
machan teaser pizza we had pizza tonight
oh but that's a really hard choice for
me you guys I got a song I think you
would choose pizza I don't know because
you're not feeding guys I'm going with
McEntee tonight only because I ate too
much pizza yeah we are amateurs so that
was me and you sorry I didn't know there
was a whole system I have designed out
online no don't matter
no oh we don't want that to happen okay
guys good a long day oh mac and cheese
oh I get it
we'll see you tomorrow guys Monday
tomorrow and it starts all over again
always remember to celebrate life hey
babe
thanks for watching this Haley
