hi boy
McCamey hi guys good morning it is like
I don't know but it's early yeah it's
st. Patrick's Day and in great credit
society and we have clothes and I can
again not today
handsome funny first the wallows Friday
the food to over I know you really does
today
yes you do were you ready to do it today
yeah I I would be right but this isn't
you moly
hey you guys have you get a flavor
practice right ah oh yeah spider doctors
grandpa
first part this is a lot to be happy st.
Patrick's Day with your CEO on green
this jacket not only greens a little but
you put your holes got some green in it
cool this is in my hand is this that is
your hair technically in hearing oh good
glad you remembered okay so she's going
to eat some breakfast and we're going to
get out of here last practice before her
state meet how do you feel good I
believe what's going on here are you
collecting everything in the gym that's
green is that the challenge okay there
they go st. Patrick's Day fun continues
not hilarious now we have an attached
guitar car and um are you buckle music
half buckles and oh come on done you got
a little tattletales thing up here tell
me when what seats are bottled up with
zones and it's so amazing about tonight
we're having dance thank you and
possibly going live is we have a hub did
for a long time we're gonna win Lincoln
who's gonna be there my name is gonna
love it
yeah I loved it I think you'll love it
so much fun how is school good yeah you
talking to our damn you're km my family
rhenium yeah your hand charlie
what's exciting about tomorrow who's on
that money huh does that mean because
there's a need this weekend some of the
coaches can't go to practice so they had
to change their practice time so now you
get to go get the bunny on the way cries
wait what when tomorrow morning wait
wait it's always been we did know you
were going to go to practice while daddy
and me went to get the money remember
now you don't have practice in the
morning so you can go with the money
yeah yeah yeah yep your bunny tell your
bunny you're coming for I'm coming for
you if you're blind girl you ain't gonna
be frisbee got the names McDowell but
not the bunny could be a girl named
where I need oh yeah
and the cuter if it was one any is as a
message girls are good too so we got a
scent I just relax I still think I
should say but you know when I'm with
stand corrected it we're done with you
and it was a good Drive relax essence
practice before state how does everyone
feel yeah I know good feeling ready I'm
going to distribute but I can do it I'll
go anyway so what you do you go tell
them I always talking on it who's
excited yeah so I noticed you guys go to
nice Chris because I want to eat is
nothing so bye-bye
okay so I wanted to see
mommy got she says that he got something
isn't it just the same what so everybody
a shirt we have to pick a picture yeah I
just you take their time they're always
my cue oh my gosh
so the network will you'll complicated
in this shirt so ready that there's
always everybody's here except for this
Sydney is that everybody
I don't know we had some joke good joke
about the parents yeah it is he to me
Ava
daddy's lucky girl okay girls do we
should we do a picture first for
playlist or ask you know okay
dig in there the sizes are kind of my
phone was in there how creative you can
get they're the same but you have to
wear them differently figure that out
now there's little particles there's
little sizes well find your size and
pick probably the so those are your
pants for you and Haley like where's
mine
oh my god that little trills on her
pinky so cute mm again dioxin education
i off of your shoulders up yeah we
probably want to take the tags off and
the stickers and the wizard you can't
find your pants
you lost her panel I got home school
closet huh those can't work
thank you but a mother buying them I
know yeah
take them off those you've already got
your hair up what way are you Oh Alexa I
love it very creative Oh still figuring
it out yeah Wow Wow oh yeah I felt my
physical therapist isn't watching no
showing you a nice no no okay four
million people throw it on the Grammys
they can't take you anywhere
familiar wait way or four million thanks
guys really David be part of dances what
what did you do with Ava Annie she she
got it she's done this before the first
player in Italian I'm sure we want your
wishes yeah Carrie's going to work her
magic use one
you are now me I went right in front of
her
Haley you dancing with your shoes on
okay what up I favor hearing and you
guys don't have to keep those shirts on
it won't hurt my feelings normal thank
you you doing in there they didn't have
much to choose from
and all the sizes that I needed here we
go apparently there's going to be three
personals
so essentially Arden Alexa Haley and
Sydney are all on the same line given
love later and then - well we got our
boys cheering them on hey boys all right
hands you're going to put your left
0:05 below elderly ladies like I don't
have my boot on I'm free she can't stand
still all right guys why are 3.0 is in
full swing so stay tuned for some update
carries deities but you know that's why
you're practicing with them I hate that
yeah Oh Paige is still going to let your
eye makeup I seem to be on for four
seconds so you feel when I makeup
evening anything even a knife years it's
custom please like please don't
choreograph that in there all right here
we go ready exactly nothing on
you up it yeah yeah so lock your arms
keep them down strong it's like your
cuff pose
heads down who wants some bloopers yes
they've learned like turn into frogs
hey Lena Brown yeah yeah yeah yeah doing
awesome Katie can't fan Phil yeah I
don't have to do right we have something
like you have to have this money by next
week
I'm open I'll Bob out a little ones are
getting it you guys don't have any
faster body look pop pop okay do the arm
and the handle at the same time yeah
five six seven is you go go head to lose
bounce look again try again five six
seven you go head to loose down look for
15 seconds I got it
yeah we kinda need those daily estimated
now going to do not the might be life
we're going to top them don't be like I
wanted to be called enduring we're going
to do them one at a time so they can
actually like you understand yes or no
yes alright so here you are you're there
they're going to be ready because we
just told them to be ready you're gonna
be ready and actually they're ready
signed by each enough there wasn't
really enough no everybody this is
emotion you're going to step forward
okay with your right now everybody's
gonna step forward with your right foot
and you're going to go like this go like
this oh not any other teaching said
Akron as we speak yes how do we feel
let's show me where your formation with
him this funny lady has been wearing
enough get up before
you can join them Oh
frozen I didn't even know it sorry guys
let me say hi yeah yeah pretty good day
okay nice one goes backwards trying to
feel that way yeah you like that idea I
totally an engine cool neither ekt do it
for my videos oh yeah pardon go ahead so
excited maybe new people therapy show me
a let's go good hey free medicine yeah
nice I'm sorry
oh yeah whoo did you see there's over
there though wow you guys a lift or
anything all right okay meanwhile go
near and they spin around like they're
gonna be like okay I'm pretty good girls
I'm friends here's my master you're
going to finish a circle
go back and like give you like a little
here they go where we got to go finally
probably both off tonight growing up
Betty and they go hang around and
circles are all population and Judah mom
yeah
a purple I will be sore from that
tomorrow just for the record no it was
good at was really good today
no we I love that good job only four and
a half minutes left
seriously these girls are so lucky after
a great first practice lemonade mr.
Christian girls provided chick-fil-a
draws right there you guys look like you
work here oh yeah today turn Z terms
like I'm out of here I quit that's a
wrap on first rehearsal a player 3.0
reviews I love it did you like my lead
very good I thought so I am too please I
got a new chain for this because the
gold was making my chauffeur thank you
it does it not sure it's short I got a
short one and then I put those old one
back on and I says oh yeah a rope
yesterday famous creamy and I'm wearing
an ease because she forgot to take it
off at them so I got lots of yoga and
yet they're still going man
you can go as a secret it's not plugged
in anymore
they just can't get an ask you guys
based on presentation o 3 5 6 7 8
oh it won't see each other until after
state can you go in on a trip oh it's
going to be ok we'll send you updates
Jaime put your pics on you my friend can
be here did you discuss to set the
camera oh I just to get like any back
leg and good so straight okay I'm okay
thanks yeah tomorrow I'm going to be
gone and I wanted walk to me so I
might've stay then
oh I'm going to get in the car because I
have a bunny to go get tomorrow
and forget the bunny tomorrow dramatic
dramatic exit hey ya know I'm kind of
being a little bit more cocky cause pain
was over fierceful even follow baby's
next thing she wakes up what's going to
be going to get a punch so speaking
about a bunny should you wake me up at
like 7:30 cuz I got a shower hmm because
we're going in hot tub it's gonna be
really cool for seconds and get a
haircut Extreme Rules class you know the
days I do you want to be when you grow
up I want to do something with animals
what does daddy want to be when I grow
up when I was little I wanted a feature
or a veterinarian okay I didn't do
either Pat what did you want to be when
you grow up
oh well a little mm-hmm
no baseball player really anyway so I'd
want to be like and think I don't think
I want to be like a tech veterinarian
because like that creeps me out at what
Oh what was that
let me kind of light on that's snow on
the ground
oh is it warm is it I would laugh if you
guys are coming all the way out here and
it's not warm yes I'm cleaning the
kitchen so I won't be joining you guys I
have mixed emotions oh you probably
shouldn't be getting in if it's hurting
that bad
okay good idea
alright guys that's where this video in
Haley's already sleep on the couch as
you saw got a big day tomorrow
they're getting out I mean they're going
to be in there soaking for a little
while and beddy-bye goodnight guys we'll
see you tomorrow
always remember to celebrate life hey
babe thanks for watching with Haley
