for my family so right now we are going
to pick any absolute literally like
great around the creek and um school is
really tiring I had to say because it
was like 42 degrees out and we couldn't
go outside it's kind of sad
alright so we're here and I texted her
but she didn't pick me back I told her
to be ready for me but she's probably
not gonna be ready anything go get her
chair to take a camera besides cars up
front doors closed
yeah she does it's not that cool right
my cook day right now with you I've got
greasers it's actually really funny I'm
kind of like I'm letting my face because
it's really stunning up here no no I
never want to be got all things really
Morty she's holding on my stuff okay so
here's a just happening but I saw your
text I gave it eight minute am I
29 you're carrying all the junk what a
good little another at 39 over oh okay
mr. Chavez hug you want to come packed
up and hey realization oh my god
okay we're old welcome welcome home oh
you didn't have your shoes on how'd you
get out here oh girl right here I didn't
have right I just didn't even do
anything but you didn't have an Indian
nope that's too cool for that :
I know so cool all right we all get to
go home it's gonna be so early
why so early because we're all gonna be
home on the afternoon and instead of in
the evening it's going to be great but
someone's going to be doing school and
someone can we do on doing homework
no I don't really have to do work I
guess he wants to do go out to do
homework because she likes her new nose
doesn't have a hat I don't have no such
doesn't have to do spelling on that test
manager math or math like what what map
of what what do you learn in that look
on a map a map of what like the US the
world the world
whew okay the biggest con please you
warming up but she likes her new little
binder or spiral notebook that we got
her remember the bunny on it she likes
that so she's like I want to be a pilot
do for do it girl all right enough
enough parking lot chat let's get home
school day school days hey wait
ignoring you yeah
Haley come here I have to ask you a very
important question
can't wait for love hmm
there she is you're messed up not a
question you haven't are you buddy
yeah where's the cage gonna go I heard
when until the bunny's a little older or
four as well okay so where do we want to
put
but you would see it more if you put it
down here we can go up to your room once
it's been here for a while is not a deal
hi hey hey there's a brute a brutal I
don't think brutal is the right word I'm
looking for there's a dog buy a real one
what's wrong what's wrong is it just a
typical day I don't think you're playing
so I don't know how difficult it really
is who's broke visit Piper when you got
two toys look at her you guys she's
laying on top of them so Piper can't get
them can you share can you share Oh
Winnie you're being you're being not too
sweet your little bother hurting me okay
you guys are all attitude today what I'm
going on these sisters are fighting down
here these two are getting along
I wonder about this one oh hey hey when
you can't have them all there you go yes
I don't you Andy you're supposed to be
doing school I love you cool all right
that's the update that's what's going on
at our house
hey you're going to do school no we goes
up to vindicate
evening with bratayley this is what's
going on what time is it I was going to
give an exact time oh I'll go say five
o'clock at 4:50 7 p.m. on a Thursday
this is what's going on what are you
doing at 457 now I know you're doing
school and asking them and you want to
give you snack you can't eat a snack on
the
Quora garden hey you got good at Sofia
all your others argue any and I are
watching old player videos we're
reminiscing because guess what dark some
are rapidly announcement camera thank
you for this tomorrow's our first flare
rehearsal I don't know if I'm more
excited or the girls are more excited
I'm not as much I love it you guys I'm
like watching this and I'm like I
remember how I watching them up there
it's so much fun the rehearsals and the
events going on over here you guys get a
little confused how do I remember all of
this had you remember you go out and do
it now no we're watching the next one
medic cuz these are your long song all
right we'll let you guys go watch it up
you guys want to reminisce with us but
if you do it nah nuttin 90 machine the
course so if you guys are nervous rescue
and the colors aren't accurate accurate
right now ocean look that's not accurate
on this paper but I can show you the
color and some other exciting me what's
the exciting news you guys can go and
look and use the link and subsistence
different description so anyway you guys
can vote now and the link is in the
description video this is exciting we
could have been waiting for days and
weeks for this voting to start yes so
you guys really about oh my gosh
are you anyway so and if the colors are
accurate on the voting site but here's
what they are aren't are it's a little
brownie in here this is show them and
you'll notice that this has changed
online the V thanks for letting us know
you guys definitely want to mention why
do you think that they should vote for
your shoe I think we need a theme here
yes we need a seat
tell us what you were thinking when you
were designing okay so well I was eating
another device so here's my shoe
overall boob do it later blah blah so
what I was thinking in my field I wanted
something that was Mac everything that
instead of going to your maximum at the
damage I can wear these on the weekends
and be sandwich so here it is I also
wanted to any clues to camouflage to
make it different by fill up a little
and yeah I know it's like army
camouflage but there was no Navy camel I
don't even know if there's a difference
between them but after their kind of
without of the military but anyways and
I also needed to include the sudden but
that 212 now I'm just not a seven so we
that's change on the website and
speaking about websites down the
description we had to vote should we
mention that yes what's the seven mean
for those that might not know but you to
explain the husband for those that might
not know seven represents her brother
Caleb
it was his baseball number and if he
were here right now he would know love
the fact that she put a seven in there
yeah
is that right that writers don't like
like number shedding the gold is gold I
fear is like animal out Georgie looks
like a
Gold I think it's a lion what's the
meaning behind the lion Wow
besides the fact that you want to be a
liar when you grow up wait and hear
continues listen was there more meaning
behind the lion I didn't know that I
wanted to be alone either love um Jesus
I a how looks like a lion all the key
guys
oh that's left it's a coincidence like
you and your guy like we see them Jesus
so maybe other people will love the lion
I mean the line to risk represent a lot
of things very serial if it them on oh
but that's not meaning any pressure but
if you get I don't like get the most
amount of like guys what can buy this
she like let's say people might think oh
my like I get to shoot no matter what
there's it only that it's if I get the
right amount
if I get the most amount of life excuse
me but if I don't the other person shoe
is made which I'm sure their shoes are
lovely right but you didn't see the
actual colors I eat are not calling us
around but it's cold so how much fun did
you have hi is so much fun I love it so
much my design is awesome it's even
called my weekend shoe because your
during the week you're like I'm always
with the during the week I'm always like
and so I can flip them on and off early
so on the weekend be like be like shoot
um fancy fancy
they are fancy I think they can fan
sapphire up any outfit so it may can be
word so fine the cars this is a really
really pretty coral I don't know if it's
showing up and who doesn't love gold
because gold is it right now and those
colors I feel that they just pop and I
will look go okay
oh you know I should definitely vote for
my shoe please and thank you thank you
in advance it's like let's have it
we go whose it is I got his goal I think
it's fun cuz it's got the lion and the
like there's so many like sentimental
reasons why if it's a little much I do
know that and that when I when they see
it in the store
see what I did there which is nice ISA
door if you like oh this is a cute too
but they won't know it's mine is really
a wonder way to spend on it uh knowledge
the number Seven's will get it who
doesn't like the number 7 it's probably
pretty much the best number out there
when I see her like second with you ask
number when I think of 7 I'm like like
it's a number but so much more it's so
much more than just a number Hey oh yeah
nevermind you Hey Gold you got golden
you look at all that gold you would
Matthew it is so much Gigi Callum well
for the zoom are you ready to put
together a bunny cage yeah yeah we're
gonna help me we put together her bunny
cage I think you guys should go to my
shoe possibly Tom I've got a great idea
wait it wins okay I should get like two
bags you know three things one for me
and the two other pairs are for my horse
is that eaten back me I won't
we don't fit in them what if we gave a
pair away we can't give away get away
oh did you guys have a vote would action
because you like that in meta graham
give away or get that shoe if you don't
know let's go around here I'm cooking
some dinner I like going on behind me
while you guys step on gate doo doo doo
really you don't look like you're
helping very much
you working together whoa what do you
want to live in here yes yeah that's a
tool the tool how's it going hey have
you helped at all
are you just the supervisor I know who
you are
it's half put together okay
this is good are you being
counterproductive Annie the opposite of
productive
I'm going to take that as a yes
right I'll take Newport oh yeah are you
guys hungry yeah too bad because it's
not ready yet
I was hoping you'd say that no seriously
about five minutes so will this be put
together in five minutes
you guys can you believe that in like
two days a Bunny's going to be in there
daddy looks like a little bunny right
now too big for the cake he's not liking
any of my jokes um two days are gonna be
a bunny skipping out of this the website
is up where you're going to go vote
become Z you can vote yet with the
website well you can by the time this is
up but what we're looking at you can't
vote but the shoes are up and so Haley's
scoping them out who's okay hang on who
shoot you like the best
Annie are you just saying that cuz she's
your sister no for real
yeah what do you like about it my
errands are gold and I write how the
is called redesignating the camo
yeah Jacana everybody's loving camera
lately see the pink of like a coral in a
really pretty coral all right you guys
are right here she's not just saying it
because of her sister good job
look at you good job daddy me hands are
going to decorate when I question almost
like when I hang Savanti and I hate them
stuff you don't want to lose another
baton to lady
you guys can't put any decorations of
the bunny can get to the two on hey now
brainy Oh will you be out of any money
today
Oh guys it's starting to look like a
bunny cage and this like she was saying
this can attach to it and make it so the
bunny can kind of come out and play
well garner Gatti very careful was funny
that the doggies don't get to the bunny
Piper
talking to you kid so right now Amy is
to Harry the bunny change is pops engine
catches a lot of those I really need the
ribbon onto me senseless
you know and it is time for the question
of the day just some song would kids
what had you had um I have three dogs or
am i right Reggie Wayne I bring you a
tune why my sweet you have maintenance
so I've got we've got three dogs Winnie
Piper and Gigi why my lord
Luna and soon we're yeah and I'm soon to
be a bunny frisbee don't forget to
comment down below because we want to
know those clicking of the day in what
kind of texting that so yeah
I'm gonna share them the bunny cake okay
so let's say light here we go here's the
bunny cage be like there I got some bows
on the bow and some ribbon around it and
then this sign that I made this is home
sweet home oh yes there it is bye guys
see you tomorrow
always remember to celebrate life hey
babe thanks for watching with Haley
