okay guys confession time we have been
working on getting an e a horse and
heylia bunny for a while now I've been
in talks with the lady that the bunnies
that we had to work out the time and
make sure because it Haley wants the
tiniest bunny she can out so dot bunny
those bunnies aren't available till
Saturday so we'll be getting those on
Saturday horses on the other hand
actually have to be like three years old
before you can ride them I didn't know
that either so we got an e a horse it's
been up at Miss Maria's for a while now
and he just doesn't know and she's been
trying to train it so it's still not
ready to be ridden by any means but
she's been trying to get to train it to
get it ready to ride so today we are
going to go out there and he's not going
to know that we are let the horses out
there and it turns and I am going to get
decorations for the stall right now so
she'll get two feet out good morning
world
no wait and greenness speak to the
people bless you okay married okay I
miss more of them in subscribing for
millions of subscribers and today after
Annie does a little bit of school this
morning we're going to head out over to
Amanda's who if you don't know her mom
is an amazing horse trainer we're going
to go over there and get a rundown of
what to look for so we can start looking
at horses going to get a bunny this
weekend thanks to you guys these girls
get a horse and a bunny cuz we made an
agreement a long time ago that we hit
four million they could do that we knew
eventually I just didn't know how fast
and I think it's good you guys you know
we all film a video every day to look
and then they watch our videos so it's
kind of like a lot of work they're going
to walk a video every day
come on and we make a video every day so
it's like kind of like this joint effort
that you guys are getting a horse and a
pig we give them a do our best to give
them a good video every day and they
support us and anyways I'm getting all
you know sapiens in the middle but thank
you guys for watching and being there
for all that time so that's the plan
today is this next week is getting a
horse and a bunny open let me go up
hyper much like a horse it can't go
either
when you get your horse you can squeeze
your horn getting a voice buddy when
whenever we find out the perfect horse
oh are you out of your wages go along
get back to school so we can get this
horse turning on its way first step
thank you fine horseman all right guys
best laid plan I have a bunch of
balloons in the back I don't know if
they are going to make it so we'll see
we've come and picked up Katie and her
mother who are joining us hello that
creepy when you just like not knowing
someone's going to film and they're like
hey here's the campus is probably really
red - it is so cold outside
any that she's not coming she said that
yeah I'm like the doors open like that
one were to be guys we'll leave the door
wide open I'm kidding you can so good
it's nicer than that if you saw the
double wide open wound would be like we
are right in a barn
you know my grandfather used to say that
we would say clouds the north door I
don't know what the north door was front
door I know but I don't know if it was
really ignore or if he just no no - no
look I have your cool gloves where I
can't there's no gun with a fingertip
I love that time let's see I can like
press on this story
we can open by yourself
I opened it with the button that is
super fan not like magic like open open
the power of your brain I know I can
fill out the second hello pathetic are
you guys ready to go get schooled on
horses that's the plan yeah I'm ready
you know the nosy nervous oh oh yeah I
forgot
we're specific what thank you to about
Gosselaar twice because I guess I bailed
but if it was bucking the might as well
again yeah good writers me too
we're all forehead if I can get my leg
back there I was like good morning in
the morning I guess it's not moron right
I don't know I guess he was in there oh
he's right here Anna he's in there yeah
idea there's a horse
what your attorney her name is Luna do
you remember her
do you remember meeting her for the
first time yeah you remember having like
surprise surprise Halas if you can race
yeah there you go
blue eyes you know are you gonna cry I'm
gonna give her a hug you can clean you I
miss you
you notice I don't ya
yes Maria's been digging very good
marrow to not broke at like she's all
yours
let her loose been here since like
Daniel Marie right we have to be
flexible of you to get better and better
job have been taking care of it now
jerker and get to work hey noonah
are you sure yet the Paint Horse right
this is the horse that you were looking
at with Daddy online this is why uh-huh
yeah and your daddy when she called me
I'm like yeah you're crazy
okay yeah very like um three or three
riders exactly yeah she's not ready to
ride and you heard that right okay oh
yeah she'll get there you can practice a
luck is neat huh I know we had to keep
the secret from you every time we came
we're like
you remember meeting our the first time
we're going to roll that clip because we
had I was filming that puppy dog likes
you hey hey it know what it is you have
pretty eyes you guys like my decorations
like I love your decorations didn't even
like react when we came in I was ready
no what are you good to make talk about
the name her name's you like 4,000,000
again and there's a dog on the dog Rabb
is your sister
zero zero zero put the horse back I
think there's a little bit of shot going
on now it's set in it's sunk in a little
bit there we go I said it was coming I
would have known
here we get hot outside yes look at her
pretty blue eyes gonna eat me Parfum and
adapt to keep any secrets anymore maybe
Emily Emily Emily did doesn't do did you
know Katie did your mom tell you no hair
gel
oh you tell me what to do I don't know
palm okay your palm and keep your
fingers tight together okay I can't get
any of your finger is he gonna lick me
I'm not rooting you are terrible at this
I was strong too my god hey guys we are
done with it
our queen look a bit of balloons and now
we have five our backers because there's
no dias oh yeah you didn't get a break
yeah Anna how long five minutes five ten
minutes use a lot of food entity I don't
have anything I'm there with you I'm the
future it became my nothing
my mommy doesn't heed me the food Annie
you don't work what a crazy day Annie
and I are home from the gym mr. Billy
went to go get Haley from gym daddy mr.
Billy and Manny's getting some school
done because someone is motivated why
are you so motivated for school right
now because I want to go to horseback
riding in every day meanwhile Lloyd oh I
see every day but I want to do it a
Wednesday but I'm trying to get my
school done and like before when they
don't have to do in school Wednesday
right after I got our school load of
ones are that way cooler than I change
you guys want to see a really um scary
dog right I mean it's brutal your dad
meanwhile are they there in that fake
thing in your room in my room
your squishies are in my room is not
like when Haley's money was in my purse
good actually
she doesn't know any languages
okeyday win' how you feel no erosion
replacement playlists Orlando are you
confirming that we'll be there to them
to your let them know we'll be there
playlist emailed us and they're like oh
are you guys coming bulldozer rid of it
filled it out yet I'm filling it out
she's doing more school we went live the
dogs are fighting Hayley's home from Jim
I almost said school she washed her hair
you need to brush it now
did you bring it out and dry it or that
self soaking wet over just a lot wet we
lost a dog she cried downstairs in her
cage she goes in there a lot and just
lays down you guys all want to watch
Hayley brush her hair help watch she's
going to use this window as a mirror did
you brush your teeth yet not yet why are
you doing at all the way downstairs to
go all the way back up to brush every
tooth in your mouth
okay well the parts not perfect cannot
perfect I am perfect I you know what I'm
perfect at hybrid gave it away
Piper oh my goodness I'm gonna go pack a
hacker
Oh Wednesday night no I'll go to the
Portelli house and normal blank house
how you say it right the blank well is
it time for the question of the day what
is your favorite social media platform
YouTube included musically Twitter
Instagram Facebook and he says musically
youtube Haley says you to Instagram
hedges for him ethically texting texting
is not like a social media platform like
yeah that's what he does socially he
texts everybody and his brother
alright guys that's a wrap on the day
and it was a great day might I add one
anybody want to tell her okay
bunnyville's coming up guys no worries
yeah we're gonna live in bunnyville here
she wants to go but not as smart as you
think that you buy every box they always
do like the rugged Romulans oh yeah so
much going on you're good can you forgot
the question of the day you did too
what's your favorite social media
platform watch guys see ya soon as in
tomorrow only remember to celebrate
way-hey
they stink baby
thanks for watching with Haley
