we just realized there are Canadian
Geese outside now on their way back to
Canada unfortunately for the Canadian
Geese I have to let the dogs out I don't
think they like you guys very much that
face he makes hey guys if you want to
take a little sneak peek of what's
behind Hayley look probably get a hint
of what we're doing today what going on
me I'll go and then Hayley's meat and
he's going to go with us he's gonna pick
me Hut it's a long drive and that she's
still she's still behind on school she's
going to do school in the car the car
going to be super long blonde yeah
alright so let's get going for me time
okay this is how we get meat ready just
kill arrows never done that before
go whoo she does love her no not what
she does not look come on you guys like
in a fighter 5 hour 3 meter okay my
friends we had a fail we frag out the
camera in the car we just went nuts some
food we had a Chipotle five guys stop
where's Annie there she is
we are meat ready I'm cool we're cold
yeah the weather cannot decide what it
wants to do we want to snow do we want
to be cloudy and rain do we want to be
hot like in the 70s we want to be in the
twenties make up your mind winter
so Annie's got her school so she's going
to start that right Annie I couldn't
beat you buckle up let's start with that
we're on our way
Haley's probably gonna get all been
saying what is that face saying get to
sit down show everybody how to properly
set C all right hour and a half drive I
thought it was - it's only an hour a
hostage that is open girl Fanta go
what political it's a supercharger
because we're going to charge this bad
boy up
I'm sorry I can do more school and so
any can do more school thanks so much
thank you nice to meet you nice having
with you but I haven't I said okay bye
bye
see firstly strap your seatbelts on
correctly and secondly so we were just
on the phone with a journalist so every
journalist you have writer for The New
York Times who's doing an article on us
and some other youtubers that you may
know and I think that article coming out
Thursday she just said she'll let us
know so you guys need to read that but
what it was about was who knows what it
was about like what what was her main
reasoning young positive like
influencers in a real role model so what
was cool is that we were that she
considered us for that because that is
what we try to do is we make it try to
make everything positive and kind of
give people good things to look up to
right and not silly curls in the
backseat look up to the clip we just
spoke with her for a little while on our
way to go to Hailey's meeting and we are
how far out 25 minutes ow are you meat
ready right yup yeah what do you want
man no this is just a funny listen yes
nothing
what I think
what of them
laughing you got this perfect okay you
want to see you here again yes
but what game is
we just got hit by a mess-up going to
get inside us up
I can't pull the knee there
violence yeah ps3
I um but if I use it I have a funny guy
it is funny we are gonna charge this bad
boy for like 20 minutes before we go to
the meet but look at the head of us an
e-commerce Pfizer who does about why I'm
not we had not landed right by the
chargers yeah we'll go in there Thanks
the Nike outlet - she loves Nike there
were best friends pretty much she loves
making she knows Nike like wait
literally she loves Nike now we she
loved Nike before
Wow good
hey how far the gym from here we had me
to know that to get her there okay so
ten minutes
we don't worry late for her meet oh
sorry we were charging the Teslin
shopping at Nike hey hey good job
who cut meat was amazing check-in and
apparently all I noticed about her down
so there's not a bathroom in there so
before we get started we're going to go
bike riding as we learn to lay the
Magnifico whole week and so we're going
back to the car and then we'll come back
which is really really nervous
oh that makes you nervous what we're
going to do it
when I make the best of it maybe this
time things just act like I suggested
end of the read you on how you use the
meet up see gun film are scary we have
to like super zoom system here so mommy
went all the way down there to film her
for them
so Haley's completed one event moving on
to the second and she guide them for
yourself and Bobby something to see
hockey rock we call money money I
already know you
Fandral even know my well hearing yeah
be a board but in each recording Haley's
ball
did you mess up a Nissan vault you guys
stay tuned right and I smell yours yeah
stay tuned we got so much core
stay tuned for Hayley's meat coming up
if it's good was I'd like any film fault
okay we're going to give you a little
neat piece we're so excited don't do it
I will feel what she got in the city
tonight
yeah oh yeah got an eye on him one of
them and then hi yeah I'm going to give
it away
it was on the ring the ring is gone I
got Iron Cross he desired Ross maybe so
come on daddy chili and Haley's
assessment hot but it's really cold up
here
so it's rounded delish another day
mommy's here hi Amy you can't just go
right into questions a day I got a 900
words welcome back Haley just gave away
her score that we were trying to do but
she's so excited
do you guys have to go watch her videos
yeah honor me then without longer than
utterly I got your hair and I dyed it
were you doing
Oh put in her well she can't you can't
put in your hair right now she's just
borrowing it chill till your hair is up
yeah it's not long enough okay so Haley
what's the question of the day I'm
amazed when you say Victoria no English
tour David sure like I'm not leaving and
I like me I'm doing it is a zester I
mean you like doing the dishes and he
does not so Haley favorite is the dishes
Annie
whore and cleaning out my room my
favorite chore is vacuuming enough not
just because I have a Roomba what I do
like to vacuum that is fine it is and
then I don't want anybody to get on my
line so true I do like that
ok Go's vacuuming daddy know your
favorite chore it's correct know yo your
least at least okay you are so confusing
to the answer
I don't want usual yeah yes that one
I'll be realism
really I got our load a dishwasher than
empty it but oh yeah all the ones we go
in one box no loading it is like let me
see how much I can get how much I can
get in here really over the closes yeah
all the things are going back down
towards can be fun alright as a game
ready guys don't forget to comment down
below we want to know a question of the
day is what's your favorite chore daddy
I say too much PT right now what Maki
okay guys we'll see you to morrow as
Annie kindly pointed out a few minutes
ago Monday tomorrow the whole week
starts over mis- Melly
so hope you enjoy hope you enjoyed your
weekend yeah we had a good weekend we
had an extended weekend Danny and I
alright see you tomorrow adios
Louie with one thing oh good get mad at
you're playing with her ball yeah that
is her ball tonight
GG's bolt no we can't see you're
blocking it move over as we can see
she's so mad
football oh that's gonna bark all right
let them in all right guys we'll see you
tomorrow
it's dead time around here to the worms
to send us away of course you can an e
solve do the worm that's when we think
it's safe to turn a camera off
oh hello Winnie how you do the worm one
day no no no that's bigger than a
basketball that's the problem yeah I'll
remember to celebrate hey babe
thanks for watching Hayley
