boy my Colleen we're gonna go to break
through a eighties like 8 o'clock
I just couldn't read I don't know and
lobby I think we're meeting right here
we were we were kind of in a rush this
morning
oh those are so cool so we're just
saying good morning to you right now but
it's literally the beginning of our day
but we are like dressed and ready to go
so we had an hour we slept it week
looking like sleet as we could but we
did it and it's got her nice the outfit
of the day on so go model it over there
looking very sporty very comfy Oh hold
on
my office what do they also go to this
is not an idea but all right so it's a
waffle breakfast yeah just goes out yeah
waffle breakfast and then Annie meets
with her designer today and she's going
to design a shoe we need vote if you
want to see Annie's design comes on the
show yeah you can't vote yet you have to
see the shoe and then the voting has to
open them we'll let you know when that
is potatoes and sausage and bacon this
is kind of good
all right we just arrived at nice and
one this is where they're going to do
their creativity y'all just going to
meet the designer coming around make
sure that everything your society and
evil I'm John cosmic from a Footwear
designer for young athletes on
performance running and people
and been venues a Footwear designed for
young athletes basketball on your money
for me that does Wilkin for designer for
innovation for young athletes been
focused on performance and SOP hi
everyone I'm Leon with our Footwear
designer for Sports West and mark and I
are going to design the best pair and
make sure it's loaded at the same
congratulations
and I'm Footwear designer for young
athletes and sorry they're going to get
started you guys go to the beginning of
something's pretty cool that's all yours
maybe a lot going on in this room as you
can see
photographers and designers imaginary
okay I couldn't do it I just wanted to
show you guys you should hear this I'm
so excited oh there it is that's my shoe
and so the colors aren't exactly the
actual colors on the computer it's weird
so that's the gold color on there with
the brown color the pink color is that
color
that's a seven and when the Roman
numerals
just do it on the bottom all soaked up
with a really cool spot you want to
shoot it on side handled on opening it
with one hand monkey yeah decimas color
pencils markers underneath the faces
confirm their rulers and pencils and
then I also got a design kit from nicely
of all of these like materials for shoes
I have all of these designs we went with
the camouflage and one out of these and
this is one that we went with we have
all of these stuff since we went with
this
and this one no this one so yeah I got
that too and you know like the logo wait
to put on it I quit just do it your left
hand just little proudly here going to
be your pallet nice light colors right I
just got back from lunch my left auntie
two-niner shoe and we went shopping in
to lunch and I got back there done and
look what's going on here what's up
morning for sellers yeah yeah
I'm here oh my gosh oh that's so cute
yes I want to hear you how'd it go
I think you're doing a picture real
quick and then you can show me what yes
you are you got it yeah oh my gosh you
got the bus thank you video game is ice
cream here oh yeah yeah I know that you
got the left alright I want to see your
shoe have you filmed it did you film or
let this gun a little bit
oh well tables knitting Oh Haley living
Hey so the goal is article Oh
I got some gold and some crimson and I
did you put Roman numerals I have me
everyone I know you meant it seriously
you guys guys what a fun experience
we'll let you know when you can vote on
unless you coming soon I'm not exactly
sure maybe Annie do you know when the
voting starts no mark 18 that sounded
right to me I was going to say that so
we'll let you know you guys okay cool
cool here a desire shoe designer Nike if
your designer now are you napping little
girl no napping who said you could nap
we're about to get a new facility at so
how about you save human life hello
we'll probably get some footage in the
fitting room
I'm really okay your pre photo photo
shoot your official Lincoln your super
official it's so official I need like
look at me look at that babe I love it
thank you thank you officially are ready
for your photo shoot
did you see it Annie are you just saying
perfect you just feel it perfect come on
of seeing her official dad she keeps
moving it though there we go does it
look like it that was like you your
official Connor let me see those nails
what a great I'm getting pretty excited
to the Stute they want to like really
see your personality so who are you
Annie you still got up very well does it
is it here yeah oh hey so we're going to
go eat at Texas Roadhouse yes ready yeah
so he's going to order the left side of
the menu right now and two items off the
right side
mmm guys want to come over here I'll
teach in here and make up a whole
section of nearly blue look at this I
think she's going to wear it like a
little Nike dress come on
hello
I guess they've got it in different
sizes oh my bad
I got in trouble you guys know where
that was supposed to go I'm I'm I'm
sorry Nike I'm sorry like this and the
nail
they're going to be like Leopard
since you got blue underneath and then
purple on top we're gonna see how it
comes out
spit work did the experiment work yeah
we'll see big reveal guys hold your
breath
oh that's cute okay so I can duct up a
couple little spots that's crazy that's
cool color nail hair coat on pops ooh
yeah cool
do you come here for the bread or the
other piece the red liver
what about this be transformed isn't
your outfit oh I'm not light so that's a
guy that's all like was wondering I'm
like that looks a little Gaia suggest
this is a dress in a little hat huh the
guy Lee are you ready for your sister to
be home tomorrow tomorrow afternoon
and then Hayley has a meet on Sunday you
ready for this so lucky to sit over
there
like that that's good I think it's super
cute head for gala website
I'm good at 11
like just one on that one
no could you don't want to look to us
if you're going to be amazed your mind
will be born with a shoe on are you
ready
hey what the - one thing's clear do
denier and white and then that's a
popular feel like militant
you need to get out more you like lotion
on my leg and a shoehorn for child
be done yeah and this turned out really
good I know I really can't wait
I love it or in the car or on the way
back to the hotel a long day what do you
want someone we do stucking Mia to make
sure that she didn't make fun of me
cause she's seen reaction to my friend
musically what's so mean okay cut free
ascribe any react to the mere reacting
to a movie movie your groovy real early
oh yeah thanks Annie and I are going to
the back of the hotel and then we're
going to figure out what we're doing the
rest of the night we've got a couple
hours before I fall asleep can you tell
that I'm tired I'm tired tourist alert
tourist folders Annie Annie navigating
for us we are on a mission to go find a
suitcase because we got so much stuff
that we can't I don't know
we did okay we had so much great Nike
gear
so it's not going I'll fit in our bags I
mean so much me and Annie are walking
the streets of Portland fire scary oh
it's okay the great city I think we're
good okay and then we want to go get a
voodoo doughnut
we heard amazing things about these
we're doing it are you still mad
eginning we could just keep on great I'm
gonna go a lot long so because I've
heard really good things about it but
how mitch is the Alpha direction
opposite direction of which way we're
walking I don't know about how do we get
the suitcase back and we're going to
want to go get some donuts we have a car
pick up at 4:00 a.m. you guys 4:00 a.m.
to 6:00 a.m. flight jackpot my friend
this is the last laser going to check we
couldn't find it in here we're good you
guys now we just get to walk down the
streets of Portland with this came about
an empty bag we went to this donut donut
place called voodoo doughnut and it was
like a nine ish minute walk from on a
hotel why do we go do them because
everyone said that it is the best
daughter place ever like you had good of
you if you come to put when you had to
go to this donut place and we decided to
eat to walk through the way nine minutes
it was the scariest thing ever
they were like it was just a city it's
nothing it was like New York but they
don't want any other people around soon
there were shoot exaggerated there it's
not like ten people and New York is like
hundreds and hundreds so you bet it
makes you feel much better that there
are all these other people around there
offi people I'm scary and I bump into
one of them I actually hit them with my
suitcase
horrible is so scary I like actually
started crying at one point but anyways
the line is really long and yeah like
and we got there I was like are you
kidding me just look all that way and
line is out the door literally it was
out the door so we used to the neck it
actually didn't take that long now we're
in the hotel and instead of going out
somebody because I was really scared we
are ordering pizza and I just helps
mommy pack up everything is actually we
bought one new suitcase and it's like
filled for the bread and I got like this
what is it called picture frame was like
a picture of my shoe that I designed and
it's like at the very it's like in the
middle of cushion and cushion underneath
so it won't break and then and I can
give us this cool tote bag back and we
also have stuff in here so we were like
jam-packed with two people and four
suitcases another chat bag so yeah I
helped her with that they're already
ready hey let's try it do it it's heavy
you guys can go fast you talking to me a
hair like it I see you so we're waiting
on the good to get here I have a room in
the indirect 888 GTE and synopsis buckle
and then we're going to have pizza and
then we don't know you guys that's
better be disaster so we'll be back to
tell you if they're the best donuts ever
but we're gonna do the question of the
day real quick while I'm thinking about
it and then we'll come back with some
real quick voodoo doughnut updates
it was favorite vegetable broccoli fair
game broccoli cauliflower one was your
all-time favorite I know I'm glad you
can't say one but I'm glad you love all
vegetables or most vegetables but what's
your go-to vegetables asparagus nope
which one nope which one froggy say nope
doesn't II didn't face what was what is
it now you got into space reminisce okay
wait I think my dad is various or your
mom's broccoli no restaurants broccoli
because restaurants asparagus
I'm gonna give you guys a sneak peek in
here oh because I don't want to forget I
hope we don't forget but we've got to be
up really early but that is it
hey hey hey what do you say so the
question of the day is what is your
favorite vegetable my favorite vegetable
is buying no don't want you to go down
okay we would know the question if it is
your favorite vegetable buddy
ha ha ha well sounded really good yo
baby how come it was an accessory love
my not just laughs I thought it fitting
to be sleep in y'all is doll
hey it's donut time I picked up lamby
yeah pizza finally got here I want to
try this is the one I suggested it's
called a Miami Vice and oh let's share
this one I try anything if you're
wondering we got some for tomorrow we're
not eating all these tonight was it
worth the wait
Oh probably good good good I love
sprinkles let's grub mm-hmm pretty good
how the guys go to bed because we have
to be up by over here and like six hours
six and a half hour thanking yourself I
know I'm a scared that I'm going to
sleep past the alarm so let's hope that
doesn't happen
tune in tomorrow to see if we get up for
our flight bye guys bye bye guys I'll
win remember to celebrate life hey babe
thanks for watching
Rik Haley
