boy right Kylie good morning to you too
princess too many handstand yesterday
haven't sealed her favorite kind the
corn Ola kind Annie and I are going on a
airplane ride you excited
should we tell them where we're going oh
gosh
seriously thanks have a count of milk
where we go in an e no you hid like til
tomorrow
tune in tomorrow to find out what we're
going to Disney and Annie Haley have to
stay because she's got school to stay
tuned I not wear her Nixon Advent picked
us you might know if you've seen social
media because it was posted there it was
yeah
remember you know a couple days ago okay
so our day's gonna get started she's got
some gym today any last day we're gonna
be gone until Saturday so she's um
missing the rest of this week of gym and
then after that she's got a week until
her state meet hmm
Haley state meets not so later couple
months from now couple months yeah why
that's usually how it is I don't know
why the because you guys have Easterns
and regionals and regional than an
Eastern that you guys could qualify for
all right we got to get going because
it's nice well into the time we're
supposed to be leaving I'm probably like
ten minutes um she's just a lot of bed
so Maureen Piper
good morning Viper we very rarely film
first thing in the morning because we
usually don't have time and
is why because now she's instead of
eating blast you she's messing with a
pillow and chatting it up so I'll she's
not chatting up anymore as you can see
but that's me I'm chatting it up I don't
know what to stop talking I heart my
mommy but you don't have room for my
mommy oh man ah I love you too I wasn't
talking to you
we're just looking and you okay stop
acting like a weirdo this morning no I
can't close your door lazy bum get
taller how's your flip villain probably
sure how did you do weirdo this is Katie
and her natural habitat
buying stuff it's like probably her
second most favorite thing to do number
one baby
anyway knees helping me pack you're
going to get into so get repelling
you're balling money hopeful how to
control Winnie stay winning way date
with me okay Winnie every Dempsey puts
her weight in it more scoots off the bed
okay miss Winnie you did enough scuffing
alright get done we're done there ya go
sit on down she won't you guys she won't
she just won't she just
well alright well anyway I'm packing
because Annie and I have an early flight
in the morning I'm trying to get
organized before they get home for the
night
and when he's not making my life easy
help you guys out
holding the bag on the bed because she
doesn't get it and understand it she's
about to fall when he said all right
I have to extract the dog from the
suitcase so that was the update up she
did it oh okay I just got this girl from
school and we decided that since I'm
leaving for like three days that we need
just to have mommy-daughter ice cream
day right any warm out the way lifted
and he's going to be jealous well you
know I got Annie this ice cream the
other day so it's okay way well it's
okay cuz you guys came today
who's our bond you're mine real or
anyone movie anyway it's like 70 degrees
out so this is perfect
it's how is school today yeah
Lydia ice cream zone in a um stop
Bailey's mouth from moving with words
now just move than ice cream
we got the same kind we're twinsies on
the ice cream we get waffle cone with
chocolate custard Oh Angela good musical
chocolate sprinkles
mmm delicious
but hitting the spot mmm together one
last actor the tears are reflective so
they can see themselves in it and they
like to look at them film and break is
my hair and sleep yeah yeah yeah good
minute can in a minute Amendment and
then in a minute
- let me go Bollywood for ending your
gumball yeah was it quartering dizzy huh
I gave you a quarter oh yeah yeah we got
our own gun woman yeah that's what the
girls do it but that girls doing
where's that girl can your workout on
yes so let's you go out with your best
trick what you got yeah
whoa first try aerial this is a whoa and
that what a landing Haley hand fan back
handspring back tuck but didn't you do
it the other day
cool soon you're gonna be able to do
without that bouncing between good yet
shot high back handspring back
handspring you did it a gym what okay
yeah
I've awesome try back handspring back
hand right you did it at the gym on the
floor then don't you think on the
trampoline yeah you forgot huh you can
do it
alright come on just a little bit
nervous where are they Oh see him I hear
him oh he's gonna fish all right hey we
gotta try this you ready to watch gonna
try yeah pressure it's the best kind
oh I thought you're gonna do it alright
I'll see it this is not with that extra
bounce but good try you're going to get
it you'll get it come on
yep you're on the floor you're at the
gym and and coach Mary's like hey just
do that can't bring back handspring okay
you know third time's a charm Haley you
got it
picture yourself doing it you're gonna
think too much about it just go never be
down go I told you you just had to think
about it differently he wants to see it
good job that second was high but you
still through it good job Haley crown
yourself that's right
pretty good pretty good sign first
attempt so close
yeah you put them down just on the
landing that was good I think the third
time's a charm
boom good job my strength yeah turn the
light off of us go the other way
okay just light I'll go me green
families on the other Street yeah it's
on the other script so it's just the
edge off watch hi guys see if it works
wait I'll show you
yeah I mean it's peripheral that's just
the name of the company that makes the
yep
I enjoyed it yep take it you're gonna
hear it all
again one add all those purple that's
cool
and then we'll entry those down put them
in the big thanks yeah we will come over
we'll have them well hi when we want em
to the bottom part out and we'll
transfer the money over to the Big Bang
say oh ok so he comes tomorrow
Oh cute haha I don't get to know and
that any doesn't get to know cuz you
guys leave oh oh you guys are it you
ready don't tada emoji gum it's kind of
mochi face was on that back yeah besides
in there yet it comes tomorrow how much
is it there's built the whole thing so
the holy Explorer II to just wait okay I
just finish allies which is why I'm in
that but anyway today we're doing a live
week and by this time you probably
already thought so but if you didn't
this is what we did so I'm doing daddy
pick up I'm ready for school and this is
gonna be funny if you do I'm gonna try
something else
oh yeah and there's called full glam
eyelashes Wow
my Nana got them palette we're going
full glam on him we're not trying to be
like crazy makeup like trying to make
him look glamorous I got all the way oh
my goodness all so guys don't worry it's
going to be a lively but we're setting
out to try to put it on YouTube like we
did last time for the o-line folded
what was that blindfolded slimes that
worked out really well we're going to
try that again so if you missed the
lively you'll be able to catch it on a
nice and lively this is my lipstick oh
oh yeah still looks so good on him
Inez I wanted you to bits Annie LeBlanc
so check it out go subscribe while you
wait for this I think it'll be up next
Wednesday I've already bronzer so mommy
you might have to get that for me please
and thank you definitely do tomorrow I
already sent her some video but let's
make up really early to get on an
aeroplane we do well we do okay and you
guys get to sleep in a little bit but to
color and over here a pineapple oh
you're going to ask me and I was going
to say Oh tell me I've got no heartbeat
Haley you're like the most artistic one
here everybody I get it pretty little go
yeah I get it pretty well we're gonna
take a heading this point this point no
no this is just for fun no I'm gonna go
in there now I have some questions and
actually one battlin beautiful that's
what she's trying to say yes get my
counter clean and then here's my makeup
done hey guys so it is time I got shall
I teach some like have whitening strips
and yes in rituals and older but you
know after I talk to my dick so it's
time for Chris Monday and I Haley here
and side through me and here we go to
say goodbye I'm leaving tomorrow really
early my thigh
I'm in a bad mood tomorrow that's why
like in the more now they're like ah
baby way do you guys you the question of
the day
hmm what should we do what what's your
favorite book
Oh my favorite book is called why horses
sleep sleep standing up haha
and I brought them the plans like I'm
going to bring it with me
mine is Neverland girls number what
Neverland girls ah shall guys yes my
hair is buying my lessons you have to do
- you have fun - when it's raining easy
I think it's gonna be so rainy
good yeah and like here you just a
hamshank generally shallow right inning
so yeah I'm not gonna see you till
Saturday and then you believe me excited
what are you doing again you're gonna do
while I'm gone and probably go decline
guys um quick guys so guy John forget to
comment down below and another question
today what's your favorite book yeah
guys see you tomorrow bright and early
for her nightly like kind of mine okay
okay not as great gnarly so bye guys see
you tomorrow bye Henry
bye
always remember to celebrate life Hey
 de-stank
babe thanks for watching
miss hailey
