today I'm retaining we're just strolling
along and a part skin must be that is
looking at me boy
hey welcome home I feel like Hailey and
I just decided when she walked in the
door then he's like it's been forever
since we've seen each other cuz I left
yesterday and she was up up with daddy
going to school before I got up this
morning
Dani and I got home late so it's been
like a whole day since I've seen her she
just walked in the door from school and
Piper wants to say hello he's nothing
Piper you sneezed on her so how's Monday
school always Monday I feel like it's
always Monday when two talento like in
two weeks yeah
Oh daddy's going to wrestle the dog why
are you shooting eyeball it's this
Friday I'm getting huh like to make
Friday are you nervous no okay so that
wasn't bad it's typical Monday I haven't
turned the camera on all day because
Haley just got here and you guys don't
want to see me and daddy all day so
sometimes you know you get to see you
turn into a ball daddy's got all about
see this is why this is what you would
see you could see us thinking out with
the dogs
it was empty house you've got three
bones you can share I gotta share my
food
all right so hey we've got Jim tonight
all she really wants to do is come in
here and snuggle into the blanket and go
to sleep and just have a relaxing Monday
after school yeah we got to go go go
right
hmm okay for the Mondays you got a
little while you want to take a nap
buddy yes well we tore ourselves away
from the house
all right we're ready for Jim and Haley
is being the weatherman she's making me
very sad you just read Saturday Halla
fornia forecast oh wait you want to see
yeah tell me what it is in Anaheim for
summers I have Anaheim in there that's
from last time we were there Tuesday
Danny 7600 all day partly cloudy but
still setting 83 oh come on
there is the guys it's currently in the
high forties where we are and how is it
like today Thursday sunny 84 ah we could
swim by day sunny 79 we're not jealous
at all - yeah
partly cloudy but still funny 79 Haley
can we need to take a nice and very
Sunday come late friend Lane Pratley
brownies um honey hey before the live
idiot for the light is I gotta turn this
off when it does what's your favorite
season
for a whirl hey guys so laughs I turn
the camera on you probably noticed that
I was like deaf here I'm here because we
have a lot of hands faster day and I
feel like it's a lot of people at them
and so we did pick a join today and I
got a knock and huh one of like a single
knock my room and then I also got a
loser Haley Oh like what happened one of
those floppy ones
now we're going home and I'm a I'm a
hydrator back from all the handsome
it looks like you've just been crying
like you look sloppy like
I came in crying
of crazy your face can do that
look an icon
not amazing I measure the King decided
no sin work the commercial I know my
feet book
it was
what are they house
whitening strips or you guys freaking
out we've down one that was foretold and
Bullock
welcome to blur evil population all of
us fairness I am NOT a real article okay
we're going out to dinner with the m'kay
and then we're going to go get Haley
apparently we're just standing here
making music Liz welcome back to the
conversation are you ready with some
sake yeah he's not going to shake your
face looks better with that sour goodie
bag from the little venue that we were
scoping out for a future project that
we're working on I don't know we don't
probably want to announce that yes but
we got something in the works and we
went to the venue today there nice smell
is very exciting it was very nice the
girl there that was in charge like
showing us around new someone new to you
in high school yeah we have a mutual
friend from Texas well well her name was
Meghan and I know her sister I was her
sister was in my class and so she knew
the younger sister but you guys you can
ask because her name tag said from
Houston Texas where she goes where are
you guys from in Houston we told her you
know the city and she's like oh cool I
went here and we're like oh cool we
played them in sports and she's like do
you know so-and-so and I'm like yes it
was weird
we're just strolling along and a parts
good luck egg and just beside ears
fortunately no no no little miss a beat
us and they did knock
my car so long they're gonna be like
they're gonna be like yeah I'm there
already here and the garage no then I
never seen you girls down before that
would be okay I know we just got out of
the car it's a kid side of a table and
the adults right there yeah there's no
crazy angry do you get everything for
free oh you do see her name and you like
one bring the car and we got hailey some
dinner
whoo what did you get a domestic for
that Oh what what if your full twisting
double back
Thank You Fiona Mac you know you did not
do me to see it oh I was gonna be so
jealous daddy went and picked her out
while we finished up and paid are you
serious what Matt like on the floor on
the double chat where's your food you
got to get your food can you hand it to
her
so apparently Haley needs to be carried
in because hey thanks Annie
we're all tired because she'd wake on
her up to walk on her own two lane yeah
mommy and now you have to strap me into
town Oh God we're all gonna fall I don't
have my hands on her at all you know you
really know she's basically just
balancing on my back we can't get in our
own house Fort Knox it was right here
hearing hi hair well I'll do what you'd
look like with dark hair it's like that
face walk we pray okay
we're holding hands Tommy under him one
hand on the camera whatever Mike hurry
got this yeah don't do that okay good no
you let go yeah you let go
oh okay you guys we need a question of
the day
question of the day what's your favorite
like stuffed animal is it a bear
is it a Kayla bear so your favorite
animal or what's your favorite stuffed
animal that you have at what kind of
animal isn't like a bear a bunny your
new one I don't know when he tore off
the it probably has hop when he got
ahold of it today mmm-hmm hmm I'm gonna
hold it you so that's it that's the
question of the day you saw our favorite
animal something they were dying it's
time to go night-night
it's been a long day Monday only - but
we're going on a trip me and you
hey guys so we just got home oh my gosh
my favorite Laura boy when he looks
really bad probably much on this side
just a side it looks horrible
anyways so we got home and that good bed
so and I like games but I guess when
it's when is its birthday I I'm gonna do
it yeah yeah Italy hater
I should you know he's there hmm or the
day we hit 1 million mmm okay more not
we're so close guys I'm so excited
thank you guys I'm so excited I couldn't
have done this without you so thank you
yes
you wanna know don't forget to comment
down below clearly know some question of
the day
bye see you tomorrow I want to remember
to celebrate life hey babe thanks for
watching this Haley
