jeez it is a good morning good morning
that's good it's still morning oh I get
it I get it
so it's meat day for Annie it's going to
be a late meet later today so eight -
the money is going to stay with D to the
addy because we aren't going to be back
until into tech school tomorrow just
thinking about it these late meet - your
favorite huh OOP the evening ones when
you have ten of them most of them have
been on evening you love you early ones
but before then we have a photographer
coming over and he said domestic the
magazine to gymnastics magazine they are
right midlife shower I needed that it
was a loony shower disgusting right yeah
they're coming to write an article on us
and Annie and Hailey and gymnastic we're
doing a phone interview so the
photographer is coming here and then so
she's not the interviewer she's just a
photographer she's not writing the story
so I don't know I think that's coming
out sometime this month maybe I'm not
exactly sure but we'll keep you updated
so you can see it and it's going to be
kind of cool so that's happening very
soon Haley's washing her hair to her
yearly hair washing she actually did
fight me on it
fight motley we didn't like we didn't
like throw punches but I like hailey we
got to wash your hair because her hair
is like it only needs to be washed like
every three days or so like hers does
not get laylee or any of that so she
probably only washes like two or three
times a week and she hates to wash it so
I'm like we're watching your hair
oh and now she won't get out of the bath
mm-hmm typical all right so that's the
plan for the day stay tuned for some fun
some gymnastics fun and watching an
esuite sign and maybe a little
behind-the-scenes of photographing boy
so we're not going to interview today
nope you're not ready for an interview
okay we'll do it that's different that's
because it's not happening today is a
little hard it's fun you shouldn't apply
anything sir
you would love that wouldn't you slime
making sesh yeah totally yeah the first
one you did so the chloride come on up
that amazing sweet that one yeah go
right do that one he I'm sure they're
fun yeah we really are doing this on the
on the couch from this down hands fans
and slime you guys but and Polaroid best
day ever
it started with a me just any Sun
aspects over here and then it kind of
morphed into more than gematria kind of
like them just daily and up me and
family inward yes you did oh your hair
I'm gonna present
not your first rodeo with shaving cream
Annie guys this is the lens that I need
to invest in I wouldn't even know what
to do with that camera it's making way
overkill
I love it all right you got it
dad you're behind yeah you know a little
help
how are you gonna do this you're going
to finally go and kind of fix your hair
oh yeah yeah okay I'm coming we turn
this off I was seeing what about oh no
hmm
don't pull on those though they're not
steady another little video for ya yeah
turn around
smile at me all right all right weird um
she'll end up where she is it'll just be
what
oh hi Haley's being artsy
I love it a li are you the devil oh you
know oh yeah we got we got the one and a
half on lively we haven't gotten it on
the vlog that was the almost no geez
we cleaner a lot now oh oh that was
really good
like oh yeah I'm having a hassle that
get that - oh my gosh that's crazy
what is like I like serious in front
what do you want to know hair you want
some artsy pictures with the backpack
you're crazy
Hayley wants to show me her new trick
here I got this please you do a backpack
really that can't bring backpack make
sure you have enough room hey you're
doing a back handspring back tuck who
taught you this when have you done it
you did it today though
ah good hey who made me nervous your
skull don't break your skull anyone a
beanie I've got a gray one or a purple
one oh man
the Hubble job I was so good that warmer
but you know 30 degrees out here so
she's like I want to get farthest away
from you yeah scream like of the roller
coaster try to do throw up and then
ah yeah the practice room Italy you're
so modest yeah oh you and then you don't
throw America dirty sock yeah well do
you love it yes she bad half gymnastic
shorts on under that how about hybrid
coke in the bed did you last everybody
else on the photo shoot she did yeah
gonna have up we got the bed to yourself
you go to take a nap she wasn't allowed
on the bed
because she had surgery so she's just
now be able to use the chair to get up
oh my Chuck she tore her knee had
surgery to get it fit I feel like when
he wins the photo shoot Oh Piper you
want to come try hi sorry wiper you
didn't know no no no no you didn't do as
well sorry when he wins when he's still
posing all right Annie is ready for her
meet well her hair is not ready but look
what's going on in here apparently it's
let's sit in the box today they're not
allowed on the couch so they figure it
out that this can work look at
hyperspace you guys very various leash
all right now we're in meat mode we're
going to do Annie's hair
what are you competing for sure Oh a lot
of competing shift by being helps
restore and salt undecided yeah what do
you think it is 50/50 so about 40% that
you will succeed at your 737 that you
won't thirties and I won nineteen
seventy nine seventy so you're more than
likely don't think it can happen she's
going to sleep oh wait something you're
like other they might be eating and I
can't miss out on that party I can't
believe them
Piper tips got a bone got out no and you
know I don't know if I really want them
in there because the dog here I mean
when he's gonna get dog hair all over my
wouldn't even say to be goofy no but she
smells something all right
step into my office I do I have a hair
office right there
well step into my salon hi Annie
what are you trying to get your done you
I got you guys are weird
oh my god no are you think gonna do that
okay with it that's why your armpit back
your arms oh wait I get this oh man oh
man okay with my elbow save hard okay
okay let's getting see you yeah Ramiro
what
oh and we said your elbow
all right we are going we will see you
guys later
you get to bed at a decent hour and I
love you very much and I'll see you see
you tomorrow night
can I sound weird to say good night
without that that's what the Sun still
out you guys are gonna be so lazy aren't
you oh the hair the sons are that hair
your hair with kick-out
yeah let's go hi hi guys
buddy you know she loves me he did
finally they left everything in there
yeah chance just trust me that much
oh whatever
you guys we just pulled up to the meet
and she didn't stop running her mouth
do you whole way here about how nervous
she is and then I turn the cameras light
so I got this
I don't she do have this let you at the
meet
yeah let's move it
okay look now kid you're going to do
just fine but I can't even read my
number I give up - not good me you're
doing that nervous when you get back to
this car to be so proud of yourself
okay all right this is what hailing up I
have done pretty much all he's me and
lazy bums and now we're going to put
some more of this stuff on her that's it
unless I get better you want to see what
if there's anything you can watch movie
or something yeah yeah what my solution
heavy kitchen some popcorn
welcome to the meet everybody we are
starting on AIM she did her first
warm-up that's not her right now that
Hayley's is but I'm kind of nervous cuz
I hate being lost pretty hey we got Sid
here in the Paula and Luke and MK and my
sister who's leaning back as far as she
can lean so she's given in the video I
want to be honest all right
how you feelin mary-kate you ready for
this we're all going to close our eyes
for being does it have the Mohave video
going all right we decided to do saying
watch the movie thing and eat some
popcorn all right catch that wolf I was
a pop told you I told you is too cold so
metals congratulations we won't give too
much and for make us all you get to see
check out her video Wednesday on her
channel um
proud ourselves yeah good okay so let's
go home it's freezing out and we're
gonna go drive home and Annie's not
going to be a nervous wreck Hanoi home
she's going to sleep I know any any okay
she's not good okay check let's go home
home sweet home Annie and I it looks
like we're in the same place but we're
not we made a last-minute quick decision
to go grab some dinner because we both
think that we're going to be hungry by
the time we get home so we were totally
those people that just walked in 60
minutes before they closed and coming
yep but it's cool because we just we
just got cake
yeah I hope you're going to be hungry
after 80k so so yeah we were good okay
this is a little snacky snack clickity
snack you weren't tired you're like all
my Adrenaline's going normally doesn't
want to stop the play like sure we can
stop the Adrenaline's gone you guys okay
we just pulled into the garage and I
don't know if Haley and daddy wrapped up
there's no question of the day just
comment down below your favorite emoji
so I guess that kind of is a question
today anyway we're going to go inside
I'm getting bit it's been a long weekend
and we've got to start the week over
again good night see you tomorrow
always remember to celebrate like hey
babe thanks for watching Chris Haley
