boy McCamey hey good morning everybody
we need good women guys it's neat day
he's going to meet today Annie that
Katie is doing school for the day so got
Haley's breakfast ready and I'm about to
wake her up and we're going to get out
of here I've got about an hour to get
our meat ready if you can eat when
you're not gonna be dumping and your
claws hurt my friend in any way good
power to get her dressed fed and hair
done and then we got to get out of here
yeah you got like an hour drive so let's
go get it off let's go wake her up don't
actually have to be an alarm can you get
her up can you wake her up and we are
ready she's awake you can't take that
bag because you've got already got a
backpack up because you already you
can't have two backpacks on your back
she's awake she's in a good mood and got
bags you're not in a good mood anyway
oh wait up camera we got the girl
all right here's your jacket yeah it's
cold out we got teased last week when it
was like 65 and 70 degrees now we're
back in with a 30 yo you all are very
zen people stop dad all right
what my head was there a chip in your
jacket yeah don't pick it up we'll start
the trash you don't want to redress my
jacket so I think I did a good job on
her hair dude I was getting good amazing
model it for me turn I tried to get her
let me do a braid up here in the back
like I did Annie's last time she
wouldn't let me you I said Haley do you
want to braid in the back like I did
Annie's last time yeah I'm okay
Haley Alexa you guys ready you're free
you're right by the door open it out
there so what color floor you think
you're going to be on let's make that
blue or gray you want to be on gray I
think I I might say online but I didn't
look I think Awards are hearing or at
work done you oh they're in a different
room how do you remember that I've been
you meet like probably four times and I
don't remember I'm like a finger down
there
being us right now good for and now
she's aa
welcome welcome
you know having a little party miss Kari
was in charge of dessert and he went
above and beyond what we're worried it's
not going to work
it's not fair we just started look come
on we're good
I felt like all of the grown-ups are
standing around run in and waiting
waiting for this to happen and riding it
is kind of roster
I think it's melting about this close
always oh oh yeah give it here house
that would be funny it would make a
great video look at that
come on whoa look at all into the party
and go okay I thought which one
chocolate Tierney which one's chocolate
and this one chocolate which one was
what was the other name three twin
babies I'm bunny we're good those are
great name so Tierney take off some of
our dolls home with her yeah yeah I'll
take some adult home because she's going
to give them a good home
we know she's going to be a good mommy
Oh JA brain I'm gonna put in our room
yeah study sponsor you think really and
notice a need not here yet he likes live
with Katie in the Phil and they should
be here shortly so you can blog the
girls gather round some of you might be
guessing what's going on here Oh who's
here we might be unveiling some stuff
right now right are you picking music
over we are I think that we're gonna
have to all go to miss Carey's channel
right to see some more behind the scene
I think the Craig you're going to get
some hints we're going to have you gone
far beyond music they don't stop smooth
you guys are tailspin Family Circus home
you can get some more details some okay
haha so you know we might you guys might
be guessing what's happening here we're
missing a few wait a second wait a
second one oh my goodness it's a like
retiree wait Alexa are hot like are you
talent trying to tell us something here
hey are you the seventh member this is
our 7th member our new member of flair
Claire party we are sending some of our
friends that are watching we're sending
them to watch our to go check out
miscarry channel ever Pamela admit yes
miss daily Salem yeah we're going to be
revealing like a lot of background
information like unclear okay I can't
wait for you 132 I'm going to say I love
to do anything but why'd you keep going
alright thank you sir can see me here
look I probably enjoy and what's going
to happen and he and that's a battle
scar that almost looks super obese
superheroes we were like Harry Potter
alright alright so here we have all the
player probably representatives of Isis
tell you my love is my best
ah I am kind of like what we call our
operatic
but they're going to be like our
security Oh perfect so they're gonna
happen where we're all in with their
environment
Tanner Tanner I'm I'm like I need a most
security okay cuz I'm going to come with
my leap this year and people are going
to like all right you guys go check out
miscarry panel links down below I mean
there was some cheering you guys
am I getting right guys like it sounds
like like a catcher's don't want like a
roadie totally personalized so they're
working on costume now they have secured
a song we have secured our seven-member
we're talking about being guys is a good
news day he's playing league lately sure
in this nation Electra oh my gosh okay
and it's time to them skynyrd a
collection of the day is believing stem
oh yeah yeah okay my favorite emojis
probably duh I render going to do it
with yours
my favorite emoji is left turn your last
climb line uh-oh
she cutie had that one on today oh yeah
thank you sad one no mine's a hearty oh
my gosh I love that one guy Sam yeah
don't forget to come yeah wait this is
do it okay it did excuse what didn't
landed on you guys so yeah recession of
the day oh yeah yeah feel free to
comment down below because we have no
other
what about the key
always remember to celebrate way-hey ah
thanks babe thanks for watching
fifth Hayley
