hi boy
Riley hey guys hold on fixing my hair in
the back house I just brushed it okay
anyways we are taking a trip to the
chiropractor before gymnastics which is
going to go there go to gymnastics and I
don't know how he went about me like
party dancing pretty good floor I can do
pretty much all my cuppa coffee with
this if I can do all together and well
I'm not so sure about it just doesn't
work for me
what's is working mold what about it
like it hurts really sorry guys haven't
got any and forever I just can't do it
can't do it
so yeah so we're gonna take a trip to
chiropractor polish borough
last time right hopefully we can play
with me here it's got that monkey chair
over there in the corner it's got this
all got spine that they always play with
Oh Oh see in here and here we are at the
gym we got to go in and see what we
missed warm up so and again have to warm
up baby Wow
of course you forgot to do her hair oh
my golly all right
gearing up for a day full of all four
events see how it goes
stay tuned for the update good morning
Haley finally decided to wake up yeah
it's not afternoon quite yet but I mean
late morning late morning for sure she's
eaten some breakfast when it's pretty
much almost lunchtime but that's okay so
you had the day off and I wanted to tell
you something and I had that pause with
me trying to remember what I wanted to
tell you but I remembered I am NOT old
I'm cuz I'm not as old as you no I'm not
he's 37 I'm not yet mm-hmm but this does
have to do with age he's like six month
older than me
okay but it was cause it was wiser
yeah it was why this this what I'm about
to tell you does have to do with age
somebody commented and I read the
comment and they reminded me something
about you you turned eight-and-a-half
yesterday I did yeah under half birthday
yesterday
yeah yesterday I it was um
yesterday with my very happy unbirthday
why
please marry me birthday whoa but why is
it your unbirthday you want on some
Wunderland yeah without preparation one
day a year job birthday when you can
celebrate the other should be forded
year of your own birthday so my own
birthday was yesterday - and today
making sure my the following do you want
that movie did apparently all right like
most people's unbirthday upload your own
burgers comment like some birthday emoji
like the birthday hat already so we are
going to get hailey bunny supplies like
we got of any horse supplies before
enclosure dies and goes I think two
weeks I guess what we're gonna eat today
funny I'm old fresh bunny now we are
going to eat crawfish I got crawfish up
to it that's wrong where the shirt
because you have to wear LSU shirt
wasn't bad you can Rose ashamed I I'm
like zoned out here alright we was huh
ready for somebody to buy yeah yeah put
your hands in your buddy's edonkey no
funny bunnies I don't know we think you
think you weren't on the same page there
this is where we need to be
I think it's down further keep going
small animal Liam oh oh here's one
that's got a bunny on it National
Geographic but must be good you could be
kept there oh here's one Jill honey I
know my I know my small animal look at
how and it oh I like how it open or
alter words our yard
awesome good for you that's perfect
you get it right so we picked out the
cage
yes I'm gonna walk her no okay you're
weird you're going to walk your bunny
okay what kind of water bottle do you
want your bunny to have it for the
version you have had bunnies before
okay let me go find somebody don't move
all right did they choose see everybody
Kennedy Bob this or glass or something
like this it's not the actual bottle
because the truth is if you just put the
bottle on the side a lot of times I'll
think of a bunny are you getting a
little bun
oh I want to be little when it starts to
end well here to thank any nice nothing
you can't get that daddy and I have
emailed probably every bunny supplier
breeder in the 100 200 miles of us and
no one has emailed us back so we are
trying to find you a bunny but it may be
coming down to the one who emailed us
back first right because we're getting
really close does that make sense to you
we're going to find you a bunny but I
don't know what kind of money it's going
to be so maybe we're not going to open
that when we get home we're going to
does have it so when we they do email
FAQ we'll have it but what if this but
little the page is too big yeah would be
too big when it starts okay
faster what water bottles you want to
get and we've got to have everything the
bunny might need for like a boy you're
getting a boy bunny Oh
but he can join Clinton I don't know I
don't know anything about bunnies got it
you guys oh it may have to come in here
in between plants no he doesn't have it
yet
watch your face hey ray I think we're
good I think you did it only there was a
bunny in there you excited this close
honey well not in the BA oh sorry car my
dad we're kind of blocking all right I'm
so glad we got that done I was getting a
little nervous now we just need to find
a bunny yep okay right now you know we
tried today daddy night I thought we did
all morning right search for bunnies and
emailed and called people no one
answered the phone and no one returned
our email yes I know
oh and PS today was the only day we've
done that like daddy started a couple
weeks ago why didn't you tell me it was
a surprise
your bunny's going to be surprised mark
no ready
look does the nobody else see that let's
get a little closer it's a bad car
Batman's here hey guys I'm just a call
right now you guys I'm going to give you
20 seconds to go scroll down to comments
and say get you in the car with me right
now okay where do b'doop b'doop
it was difficult to do do doop doop do
it Haley no get it and the person you've
never met before
now I'm getting updated Julian so yeah
we're going over to my house eating
crawfish but actually first people were
just gonna go to her house but then I
figured out like my mom told me doubt my
dad was fixing crawfish so like sorry
Katie understand you then we worked it
out Duncan I love it you guys they fix
it it's about using yeah what like
you're fixing food like that stuff I can
smoke to you how are you I want to say
that making I've been here my whole life
making cooking maybe its mother and then
we can see a few guys I've been waiting
dinner I'm stationed in a all right and
takes away that you were fixing an Iraqi
my interests mother never say I'm sick
succeeded I did to convince oil no I
never say that that's early he didn't
make a minute for me he made me dinner
keeps taking me literally did he takes
me doing like to check my marketing guys
together you think is true that's the
truth
I do haven't noticed different women
anyways okay Jim really got to Katie's
house overhead duty school and having a
sleepover and we can haven't been eating
like waffles pancakes
okay little elastics making hashas
waffles at end of the night anyway let
me sing huh nobody's going to think
about it you've never heard me say six
about anything have you
I've never fix anything
I'm a breaker oh great exactly why Ella
dude ticking and what is it it is cosmic
but she I didn't do it I broke it
you fixed it I'm fixing my bug fixing
like eating yeah that's gonna bother me
ever dad it is not a buggy she doing
like an arch icon hard Tuesday's buggy a
bucket everyone says bugs every the
horse and buggy
oh okay anyway you guys kindly want to
go to the next foot so there's like oh
my gosh I have is going next so let's go
to that now
alright you guys are just gonna leave ha
ha ha bye guys gather round for our
first crawfish boil we boiled Katie's
never tried crawfish
all right my name is sand crab oh yeah
you got a hand those out hey one one
more time special again the Mardi Gras
be okay
they are super hot here okay yes to keep
it off the ground yet okay nothing gets
it oh my god a little eyeballs you okay
yeah do is do a quick trip delay BIR
Sampson TV off they're really hot but
we've got some sides that we can start
with some mashed potatoes looking a
little bow and some noodles you're
welcome oh yes we have - hello beads oh
fuck I'm like oh I love you color oh
thank you we look good you don't know
yeah we're gonna just want it to be go
over how to peel a crawfish
thanks time tables are whispers I called
whiskers they're not really literature
why do you know I was there - juniors
not sighted but I got one
oh there - we live in a Leo which
wouldn't you wait let Katie catch on my
guy Oh Judy thank you oh my gosh wait
are sweetheart
aw ticket isn't one okay crack here
we're wet use your cock of the pail of
the tail the tail on it okay good right
here grab this piece and break it off
and then you take that piece of stuff
that little ring all the way on it nice
hands in one hand
oh it had a guy oh my god rod the main
one who meets this end up squeeze the
bottom of the middle with the other
because you guys can do crowd yeah
where's what see also so don't know okay
guys why don't you suck the head really
what you do when you buzzing about
myself and what you do is as you as you
suck in you squeeze oh no aah
please Arturo notice me hey when you ve
check the rim squeeze the head Thank You
fuck
no gay oh shit CrossFit friends I would
have died tonight
uh-huh and now I think I like it hmm so
you're gonna break the head of your
socket Oh No so what is that it's our
own brains no eyeball mostly on a muzzle
it's mostly meat uses hmm meat meat and
dude this is edible
man I'd like to throw my god stop this
stuff people try it
oh yeah yeah you got to dip it in there
good
well fell down at least she's trying it
I'm very proud of you dude thank you I
just stuff like I don't wanna be animal
reason why I'm wide open man Annie
now here's another way and just a big I
should have been using your plates for
that you can also twist with it out
there potato and then you could just put
the meat in between your teeth uh-huh
and then pull it out this around I don't
know this is so fatty fatty like oh and
a hot night Haley you are like a master
if you're not you drop it dealer then
you just take the tail off like that you
don't you don't have to twist anything
because at this point you put the meat
between your teeth then you talk
basically providing the sauces it's like
can I eat another one I don't do all the
house heels meaning I do want to
casually when I walk through all of the
heat he gave not really
magically oh the heat the heat in the
head a lot of forming your mouth
well I hope you guys enjoy live first
lesson of we've had crawfish before here
we've sent it this is the first time we
actually boiled it yeah I didn't get
movies yeah you postulate it without
telling us what have I got them here oh
yeah a seal on out here
Wow alright well baby with crabs we
filmed I feel like we film crawfish
traps the best
well here we have it okay Libya Bolivia
well sure we did a crawfish boil who's
now sent it crosses good create a
crawfish boil hey just like a Mexican
crab and lobster and I really like it
good good so we're thinking about really
one of these here a crawfish boil
yeah anyway more profit more property
and way more people well this autumn
watch as much of this actually that we
should be that don't wear your
sunglasses at night or inside halo
Mozilla something gonna be super great
for more oh my gosh you look at a
football player I know so so daddy
adorable
thanks money where are you going let's
do a question of the day it's like you
today what solid basketball football or
not see what buh-buh-bah to watch
Portland we have play okay
Congrats America needs a softball 13
because of me thanks to my awesome
coaching know I ran the bases for her so
it's fun happening probably
so that's net you guys any better be
smellman excuse me footballer
oh-oh-oh having it can look like um
neither good for me there
I like a bummer obviously football
football I'd say I really do enjoy must
be basketball football so on but mom
don't forget Tommy now basketball Oh
back to dollar hey we got this backpack
today and I really think it's cute so I
may have to borrow it
training's feel my sorrow I mean field
don't forget to comic yeah hello okay
Haley wants to know you question read
every comment know we did recent comment
below hey we might not really very many
may leave me oh yeah we tell her what
they say we have to like you know
they'll be really funny if I said except
for you and then like these somebody's
name in there we don't tell her any of
yours we want to have a softer the day
in football or basketball what do you
like to watch better we got to have to
play make it whistle and when you
comment which one you like better you
have to use me emoji for now watch a lot
of the mode is a good idea
watch it as a fuckin payment under
tomorrow and and watch oh stop
and then Annie got one the next day so
stay tuned go get crazy weekend plans
anyway October I asked wait I think you
for next for some of the like you're a
strip good in your eyes TG is loving the
new bone they're delicious
well that's gross all right guys hey
Rome
always remember to celebrate life
hey hey thanks for watching with Haley
