right what this Sochi I say why not well
the little ones not yet no well the
little ones got to get up yet you
squeeze sir
sure Hayley anytime you get uh come on
baby
somebody you're not
Princess Annie is not feeling well it's
back to not feeling well she's going
back and forth like she is feeling well
she's just getting her facial that's
what it was the adrenaline just kicked
in when you saw nany and Johanna and
Paige Sheeran over here yeah it's just
back and forth like she got she feels
bad for like a couple hours and then she
feels okay for a little while right
don't freak out just put this over your
face did you guys tell everybody that
Paige trimmed her hair Thank You Paige
she was in desperate need isn't it
desperate need of a hair trim so Paige
took care of that really that much
because three or three and a half inches
I haven't gotten a good look because
when I got over here this morning she
was wrapped in this robe laying down not
feeling well so Haley's got the cutest
hairs dial Johannah you look like you're
ready to go she's trying to figure out
what we're gonna order for her it's
lunch time and a shower when she got out
of the shower jacuzzi
what you got sidetracked on boys toys
are in my room all right guys that's
your update we're gonna hope I don't
know if she's gonna be able to get
through the meet-and-greet and if she
doesn't I apologize in advance to all of
you that guys that came she's gonna do
her best she's not sure if she can stand
up for however long it takes but she
thinks you think you can perform right
now right no I wouldn't stress too much
about it we're just gonna play it by ear
all day right I've never this has never
happened so we're gonna figure it out as
we go cause your ass Paige you're on if
she can't you know all the songs
okay Johannah is on you don't know the
new ones
I know every single Aiden could do it
bless you all right here's your update
we've got clothes picked out and we've
got an e being worked on laying here as
for the concert we've got lots of plans
if she can't do it she can't do it
Oh let there be light but there's gonna
be apparently there's a hotel type rooms
at the convention center we're gonna get
one of those so you can relax in it when
we're there until it's your time to
perform then there's gonna be a pink on
the carpet there's gonna be a chair for
you to sit in and then there's gonna be
one behind a chair I got this you can't
you can't perform I'm gonna do crane on
he's gonna step in what's that the vlog
hasn't seen it I know and that cool and
we're gonna just play it by ear she can
do as much as she can and we apologize
in advance if what she can do is not a
lot so we want her to feel better that's
the main thing she's gonna look good I
know that
johannah's highlighter whoo haze working
on this hi Ryder
so that's the update you guys are you
feeling any better
are you still feeling about the same
from when you woke up I'm your makeup
artist you know Annie if you can't do it
you just say I can't do it no one's
gonna be mad she's gonna be mad at her
too yeah that's the problem the same
with gymnastic yep she does not like to
disappoint people or feel like someone's
let down but you got to do what's best
for you sometimes and I've lecture I
don't like the word lecture lecture
seems very negative like I just want you
to be happy and feel better
oh okay page for your first tumbling
pass I will be doing a full twisting
double bass twisting double back spring
spring its elite level you guys it's
beyond the elite level yes that was her
full twisting double back free spring no
she's not amused
this is gonna be all build up today
we're expecting quite a few of you guys
down here Oh what is this how do you get
down here without falling just like that
being I'm not sure today but this will
all be filled up quite a few this will
be filled up and that will be filled up
this is the VIP section that's like
general but it's an overflow general -
and sometimes the parents like to sit
yeah good advice like if you felt
nauseous how are you feeling right now
in a scale of one to ten yeah it was a
five or a six earlier it's been as high
as a seven
and mom's here no do not tell her to do
a trick the last time she did her trick
she blew out her knee no tricks no trick
she did a roundoff the years and years
and years ago no no in a yard
it was a beautiful yard are you gonna
lick that after are you one of those
you're thinking about it
I mean it's my call
well it is so loud in here we apologize
like there's so many things moving
around during our Q&A Weiner
his mouth is very clean okay guy okay
dude let's stop for a second wait till
it
there was so many technical difficulties
for soundcheck
but we're glad we got it out of the way
and he's not gonna be using your in ears
for the performance it was she was
hearing a swishing but at least we got
it she sounded great
once we got the problems figured out so
moving forward you guys this ramp is so
steep that we have to slide down it
especially in Brookes heels slide down
it actually is really hard to walk down
I had some heels on I took them up I'm
in just socks right now a nanny is still
not feeling great
Carson's on stage sound checking Brooke
just got done obviously the cheer thing
is going on over there and you can hear
it right now they are having some fun
over there
and Annie is having some fun right here
see how much fun she's having
right just too much anymore what do you
want to say thanks for coming guys
what should I
for everybody who's come today and
wondered what was going on and he did
not make it through she might go back
out she's had to take a couple breaks
the medicine the tummy's good right now
right it's the head
so we're taking a little break the
meet-and-greet is full swing out there
I'm gonna speak for you on your behalf
and know that she feels extremely bad
and she's very sorry we had her out just
behind there but every time somebody
walked by and like made eye contact she
felt really bad so she just felt we had
her sittings and then that got too much
and now we're just coming back here
right I'm sure it's whoo that's what's
going on we're trying to get her back
out drinking a lot of water
we're about to do the cup song I believe
right
during the staring contest board a llama
Sally
Oh
just someone ah Wow she's been doing the
blow
warming up the mofo
backstage shenanigans
I should say side stage but pose on like
what's up Dallas
are you sure you're on oh you're on but
they're not on over there
we're getting some adrenaline kicking in
no feeling in your head hurts
what we're in trouble busting Carson's
on stage right now Annie is about to go
she's a little nervous
she's not feeling great but this is
what's gonna happen I'm gonna I haven't
really found it to the concert because I
always film the concert and I think I'm
gonna go try to sneak out there and walk
but I just want to let everybody know
why I'm there probably isn't gonna be
concert footage because I'm just
changing it up today and I've never
really watched Annie from out there so
I'm just gonna go do that and we'll be
back after the concert so everybody
wished Annie good luck she's gonna do
great
hotel suite hotel these guys us four
gals isn't that cool um got out quick
ride from some family and we beat
everybody home so we're going through
some of the gifts we got some of the
other gifts are on their way but this is
all I could carry I know okay look at
that show that Johanna that is so cool
candy
Annie's now finding out where everybody
is cuz I'm going to she's ready to hang
out with everybody trolley maybe
trolleys our patch kids hung up on here
M&Ms oh that was over for me oh and so
are those no are they in the car we're
gonna ask Annie how she's feeling she
just wants to leave this room alright we
gotta figure out we're doing for dinner
and I gotta give her other dose of
medicine that's gonna kick whatever this
sickness is oh she wants to hang out
okay you guys
story of our life we come back and we
eat candy too soon
um not gonna hang out with me thanks
what is that me with every part of my
family and I invited sure you can come
Thank You Johanna I'm waiting for these
girls to agree now I don't want me that
I'm not gonna go Annie I'm going these
guys I'm going whether she wants me to
or not all right you guys we just ate
we ordered Shake Shack we devoured it we
were starving now we're going over back
to their room because that's where the
bar pajamas are and we're gonna just
have some girly time and Annie's feeling
a lot better
yep not yet shout out to that medicine
that starts with an O Oh Scaletta in the
oxacillin with the drug ah podiums the
flu-like symptoms I'm not saying she had
the flu but I still a coast I got a
skill look honey that sounds good ask me
Oscar laconian yep that's what she took
and she's gonna date one more tonight
before she goes to bed let me make sure
it doesn't elaborate a the cameras oh
yeah that's the camera but
they're hearing the elevator they don't
check it on the next day we're good she
uh were not she's waiting she wants not
is singing it now Oh your head wait what
somebody come no just like this video
she just wanted to walk her dog French
cheese little bootie okay you guys
page what time of the day is it 10:45
questions Thank You Annie so it is you
are correct Annie it is the question of
the day the question of the day I'm
slipping off of this page I'm sitting
here okay this is a mess I can't but
anyways we're getting ready to go to bed
the question of the day insurance or mom
the next thing questions what is the
question of the day Oh what is you know
the day is all right mommy says what is
when you're sick
what is one thing that you want okay my
blankie okay Andy what you're blinking
medicine water silence Nani is she
pointing at herself trying to get you to
holiday Nami man hot tea hot tea and Ani
is she pointing at yourself to make you
say that Johnny I know is there anything
you want hot tea
mm-hmm Abed mm-hmm and Mona giving me
medicine yes and I want Nani and Abed
too lazy to I want your boat lay or
macaroni and cheese capsule I don't get
sick very often honey over the top about
every 30 minutes you go drink the juice
it seeps up off of that
Nanni's recipes you guys for feeling
better
it's an old household remedy there you
gotta meet Jeff see you guys comment
down below if you miss page and they
said that earlier oh no like this video
of you miss page if you didn't too bad
and comment down below what you doing is
to make yourself feel better when your
baby so bad
oh my gosh they love me all right
comment down below if you read family
reunions in the bath remember to
celebrate thanks for watching
tailee
