boy my carry when you a go
you ready go buy life oh you died it
there you go away me you're ready to go
there's our excited - yes guys winning
do you want to go anywhere do you want
to go when you where where do you want
to go winning but you are not winning
where you want to go
so you want to all right Lenny we are
back here again
Winnie pie she always does this
she's camera shy lady sabi jam shot by
winning
exercises tell me your white backs right
now my Energy's game better her sick
right yeah she is keeping the foot in
your foot hmm
great salt water one great she did 15
minutes mmm still a little bit short
stride on the hot side but you know she
kept off well hey everybody I am at the
gym I'm taking a knee up those you can
just go to some school and I mystic I
just walked in and she was tumbling but
Miss Kim over there she just came out
here and told me that Annie did floor
today he come home today because tithing
know yet humbled involved the other day
so we're good we might be good to go for
the meet this weekend but miss Carey is
here today and we've got fans and it's
Kerry I haven't seen this dance at all
well they're going to fill it but I
don't think they're doing it anytime
soon like a little sneak peek if you get
a little sneak peek
it was cute
that's all you're gonna say hey guys I'm
going from school I'm going to go pick
up Haley steady somewhere around here
rev it up and I'm just going from school
yeah tumbling well okay binky oh hi
there
yeah hi - hi I'm just going to do some
school I'll probably take a break after
I do a week I have one subject and then
see how I feel after that what are you
doing I'm playing the Internet me
instead of doing school no what's the
internet game I don't get it but you
never see you like this
Tina come up and there's no internet no
trophy it's natural key to keep you
occupied when there's no internet so you
can't do school right now miss I can't
be beat
it's a site that I need so please I
don't wiggle oh about a plow murdered uh
any I find all of these things that if
there's one video then camera click on
it it just takes forever and then it
comes up to that page we just play the
game
he's not going to just lay there with
her leg bent he's supposed to have our
leg bent but it's really when she's
sitting
oh hey Haley what are you doing
everything he's doing everything we're
hanging out with a dog when he's
sleeping hi good Nick don't land on her
yeah that was not on my carpet
not on my wood floors not in my house I
went blurry Hey
oh come on okay there we go the slime
haven't seen this in a while so we're
all home for the evening beautiful thing
about being beautiful
we've got some dinner in the crock-pot
yeah yeah what no it's dinner
oh well it took hot pot you to meet when
you want you can eat it when you want
it's the beauty of crock-pot
using your new best friend mom you've
been replaced with a nice version of you
I just speak it is nice I guess Katie
Haley don't put that back
goodness gracious why we can't have nice
things
it is a nice thing it's kind of cool
thank you that I of Fanta cool just try
to insult me so you guys sometimes you
just need to look at an old English
bulldog oh who is it named that dog
named the dog sure you guys have guessed
by now that you can hear her over here
and I can get your dog oh oh here's the
other one
here's number three from your pipe come
show them that you're here too it was my
shoe it squeaked and they're freaking
out now alright so we're still just all
hanging out the house
and II just finished school for the day
it's one of those days where we do
double school come home early to do
double school now you've been really
doing good I think we're slowly catching
up but it's slowly so this tells me that
you need to do more school you weren't
putting enough into school unfortunately
but besides that I also wanted to show
what a beautiful evening we've got here
it is cold but just look how pretty you
did pretty happen no I just let you in
for excessive barking you're in jail for
that
okay because all you want to do is go
bark at that dog cross the river really
in the cove the river is out there but
you know what I mean and you're the
instigator I believe not really doing
anything I'm kind of just on the couch
it's really comfortable yeah and you're
watching the beautiful lo the beautiful
scat your pity like okay I think Magan
because you somebody so cool
hmm beautiful I'm okay see the couch
okay I get to sing with Maggie no
external kind of weird lip okay and yeah
a butt full of sweet guys we have sunk
in to the YouTube rabbit hole I don't
even know how he got on this we started
watching some Sean Johnson videos and
now we haven't stopped we watch Sean
Johnson do a backflip on a very skinny
log and we have watched before Sean
Johnson going to the Olympics this is
probably our fifth what if she have on
her
no adults on the screen I didn't that
Sean Johnson the technology massive
movement she runs down the map that's
cool all right guys I just wanted to
brief you on what was going on it's
we're not getting anything accomplished
right now because we're too busy
watching
hey Sean Johnson videos I wouldn't have
it any other way I mean we can't see her
right now because she doesn't live near
us so this is just the next best thing
oh oh exact on time well some crazy girl
from Iowa who wanted gold medal errs on
lane Allen Big Sight cheese get busy
Haley get busy went into an Olympic gold
medal yep that's me Paul PI P not
invited up nothing that a bit it's not
gonna be good I can do
oh wow
what was that who knows appealing yeah I
made this full early DIY yeah Haley's
favorite style is a DIY style to do DIY
the back yo not plain cool let my face
closer
so last night I don't know two guys
tuned in they taped it all up me and
then they painted it and then peel the
paint off that looks really cool thank
the love design called gif ooh let me do
it your self from me why I see we just
do it from you into it for men do it for
me
well give other people do it for me you
do it for me or you do for me well other
willows are gonna show you how to do hey
where did you go perfect
it's a new series so we just ate some
Dindin I just started freaking out why
am I not house lining and now very
exciting we're gonna go put away any
laundry whoo excited Church buddies
about doing yours right now I'm excited
because we haven't put my laundry away
ato it's been played on a million assets
right it's been sitting in three laundry
basket from you call it quits all in
three weeks now oh and suitcases so
that's what Annie and I are gonna go do
yes living your lunch it's five stars
looking dry
it's our beautiful well another type of
more 5/7
Haley wishes you sent her all the kind
of school supplies and she will do a
video on the plane you can be amazing
I'm yeah why you're down good wedding
will Emily and Brad you'll fail okay are
you ready no good cuz you don't need to
be ready we'll probably be here tomorrow
Oh get ready little firm no you can't
get again I'm not me yeah I'm sorry
school shoot each other at school
tomorrow so she could say I'm gonna be
it so all by me
yeah I have my schooling always a long
way off jumping on the trampoline
hanging out with my cool paranal Saran's
Piper decided to take a nap
oh yeah even if she was buying this
morning you're so random
Hey okay we're breathing heavy this is
one two three daddy brought up that one
up I brought that up in there and you
brought that one up oh my gosh this is
not all Annie but this is all of Annie's
and Hayley's this is the stuff that goes
to Haley I bought something to put it
all in to throw it all in so that's good
that'll make you write ha ha ha you guys
whoo
so last week I got all of Annie's stuff
out that has a better any more thought
of still not clean that's her job but
all of this is pretty clean a lot
cleaner cuz I got all the clothes that
don't fit you out no no it's not clean
well yeah look at all her Leo's and this
isn't even all of them well actually
this is most of them well because I got
a lot of this away I got all your
hanging clothes away because I wanted to
see if I needed more hangers
when I got over there I put like a
dressier stuff over here okay this show
on the road our pile got so much bigger
this is the stuff that doesn't fit her
anymore
it was kind of time Piper's hanging out
with us fill the other two with we did
we've got we've organized all the
clothes so that's all all that's left
now and we rearranged some stuff all
that's left now is to organize like all
the stuff like clothes are done shoes
and clothes done now bags and books and
trophies and knickknacks and Annie
doesn't want to stop this is what
happens why I have to simmer it oh we're
so what to like except in my older age I
won't say old age older age I just
learned that I it's really not good
advice because I could just do it
tomorrow but then there's that old
saying is wipe it off tomorrow it can be
done why put off till tomorrow what can
be done today or something like lastly
and I know why now it's because I'm
tired
next I wanted yeah because it's the end
of the day and you've got to get your
rest for tomorrow so I think we're going
to go to the question today Haley's
downstairs enjoying the fact that we're
not doing her room tonight yeah
question of the day how often do you
clean clean your room
as you can see not very often
yeah but I want to have people so I'll
let like normally I like really really
clean I like clean I drove and clean and
clean it's like a whole week and I love
it for about two weeks you know kind of
leave stuff and I'll be like yeah pick
it up and I'll pick it up with that when
I'm done to discuss mine do I love it
clean and I'll clean it and I'll be like
allows me that later and then you won't
go
put this with that and I'll get that
later together I imagine it horrible and
I don't parody yeah and then you don't
care and then you know like it's I'm not
gonna do it ah you're a lot like me so
that's the question the day Annie
probably cleans her room big time every
I don't know six months like really
clean like we're doing now clean um what
are those in the trash then there's a
trash right here
uh who's coming up here sound like Gigi
okay so that's it Hayley's is as awesome
as I make her yeah that's trash those
are like it's okay to gets rid of some
old t-shirts but Hayley's not going to
wear and it can't be donated so anyway
as you can see and he doesn't like to
part with things she's been having a
hard time parting with things the last
couple days not cuddling well really
really bad a last couple days okay I
feel disagreeing if that even makes the
video from yesterday it's not edited yet
like I don't know if mr. porcupines are
going to make yesterday's video so go
watch yesterday's video and find out if
he edited that out it was cute all right
we gotta go you guys I've been crafting
I don't know if I want to do you hope
you look so bad tripod I don't know
where you should go okay sir goodbye any
ideas not to the tripod say until
tomorrow guys we'll see you tomorrow
don't give up say I will finish tomorrow
what we've all we will run mm I don't
like try making promises I can't keep my
homie in sores okay take a bye Annie
Sian already remember to celebrate light
my job thanks babe
thanks for watching Chris Haley
