hi boy Mike Kelly hey guys I was in
school
they're setting up an audition thingy
I'm having an acting lesson today
okay time I'm going to be some school
ahead and I'm reading about play-doh and
sandy really it really it played a Plato
Plato and that's often Socrates but I
can't pronounce it every time so I'll
just say sandy
um see
according to Plato the study of
philosophy was necessary for everyone
preparing for life as a statesman or
politician like sandy Plato believed
that policy like salsa rat be right big
contractor you criticize you Socrates I
like sandy better so yeah let's get some
school done by the right of
five-paragraph thingamajiggy about Plato
and yeah you go see ogre Brina little a
really good delighting and good well I
was working on the lighting over here I
thought this is good I mean this is my
natural hair guys shell yesterday so
weekly shower to be my Avonlea shower
that's not why we normally do it but we
know one way to do it well if you move
close are expanded but because I've got
a shadow from the plant is applied so we
did need to look like how do you feel
little guy
how do I get out of them so I think
we're filming an audition today she got
some script and yesterday we got the
scripts cool
oh yeah the guys films yesterday she was
exhausted he just got it after she went
don't know right before she went live we
got the script so that's what we've been
we've been working on the scripts this
morning it is ten pages I can't show you
what it is because producers and
directors and movies and TV shows they
don't want their stuff out there before
you know before it's times like I'm
gonna get to pay my fee like it looks
like I'm looking up that's was a lot oh
I can raise it nobody asked my mom yeah
so she could do a million of these
auditions and finally get a part or she
could do like ten of them and get a part
you never know but it's like they come
pretty quick like when you say let's
let's do this and get the right people
and all of a sudden she's how many in
how many is this that you sent in this
is your third for having this like 20
you're not the 20 yet but anyway send in
a few we'll see what happens we'll see
if they can keep up with this because it
is a lot about oh my girl instead of not
I do it all night all right
I don't wait did we fix this okay guys
we'll be back I got to set this up and I
got to get her back to Lant learning
about soccer you know I
my hair is not Italy good good girl
surprise Bennett Lisa's brush sometimes
doesn't even get brushed if we can all
be honest with each other
and guess what my heel is hurting
horrible but there are two things I
could do to put a heel cup on if this
stuff on it and those claims yes I meal
or whatever comes from sure that that
stuff and you'll see how that feels but
I'm not letting you live like know how
to word it I'm not letting it interfere
with my counseling gonna push through it
literally I was hurting while she was
just standing there for that audition
yes and it didn't even hurt yesterday
because all of a sudden Lawson okay what
is it
this little girl and I are headed to the
gym a drop Daniel and I swung back home
got her ready for Jim Oh talented one of
those days hey you just don't want to do
anything except sit there and rot your
brains out with electronic devices huh
that's it that's it
is that a typical life think most kids
to sarin yeah
they plugged in should we unplug that
mean like take a break from pop phones
and you know you got and get sure
SMS you like to think of that a world
without bones Becca when I was a young
lad
I wasn't allowed back when I was a young
little girl you know it's back when act
and you know days back in my dad I
didn't have that luxury that you have
there in the palm of your hand
hips Atlanta right now yep
yeah Oh guess it's been a while I've
been sitting here too long when the
lights go off I guess that means time
for me to start driving why moaning
because of me you're gonna be yeah and
nobody likes something what is not how
are your medicine my kids are 80 today
Annie's foot her heel and Haley that are
back hurt
hold up
yeah let me know because the back
painting makes me a little nervous
so you treat let me know hey is it like
a sore back yeah if you did a lot of
conditioning that could happen but you
just keep me informed all right okay
nice chat let's go now again with Jim
have a good day
I deplore it's kind of be it's for
repeated arrest stuck nice
still no horrible or now miss how's your
heel it feels good that being really
help to the stretch he believed oh you
just do it on Gloria say about Miss Kim
sorry I know what to do
Nichkhun said that live good mom okay I
need mouthwash underneath Josh and Haley
actually needs mouthwash to and Haley
told Manistee Jenkins
Haley told me first actually that she
did not wash and left out the story
mommy going to the dentist or national
dentist and yep true story so Annie I
just saw that daddy posted that it was
Keith tonight he ordered himself a pizza
so you know what he BAM he thinks that
he's the only one I could keep that
around here no he is not
no one thought that cool
okay my friend you guys hungry this must
make you hungry
where'd she go she left me not so rude
Amy looking for the price tag what is
that
Meyer what out there to this cute the
living is no we're good we're good I
think this looks like a porcupine now
look at the Internet hug she's not seen
down in the ocean floors got nothin it
looks like barnacle bottom of the ocean
I know I just can't think a lot about it
because we don't need it you don't need
it
Annie we gotta go your sister get docked
him put friend down but your nusiness
gluten so I'm taking your not taking an
until they'll be like a little bit
plastic okay bad let's go yeah really no
one's gone oh you know oh you can't you
just leave indicated I can't I look
right and we all have time yeah it'll be
okay all right
nope oh nothing thank you I'm so mad at
you
I'll get over it go probably if then
he'll get over it too full look
appropriate oh man look don't run into
people antigen comment even if she
thought he was gonna get a hole in me we
decided to try some lemon : ice cube ice
biggest gum so we've never tried this
before sand garden be fun
and I'll see if we like it or forget
yeah ideally said oh I broke it clash
can't take you anywhere
one two oh they smell really lemony
whatever is going to make us make the
lemon face very limiting not like very
limiting I mean but definite limiting
I like them hmm extra session but it is
like cool but when I having a gum I
think like minty like makes your breath
smell good I don't know if we're going
to do that and then makes Malinin II
think it's like stronger and that's good
I wonder how long is the last the flavor
it's shown those edges oh that's good
hey hey let's go oh no I'm in of that
good morning come put it on your thing
oh because I expected I'm a mess down
here it's going to be nombre Haley's
being all crafty but Haley you don't
have any pain us all of it outside
including mine is it dry and no you
cannot use my other name Amy I am e
washi tape
why can't Reiser paint them because
she'll leave it outside that can be
rented out though and time for that
there's nothing to be she's gonna try to
diss me
what is that
why sad Bondi that mean like one now you
didn't get filed with rip-off walking
table yeah exactly
girlfriend I didn't use the head why is
that
why she sad yeah
nope Boise bad maybe I'll have it why
she said I know why she said yeah I'm
guessing I'm guessing because she walked
what was he doing in the car on the way
home from gym camera yeah she was
watching my potato she was watching
clips of Caleb on Instagram yeah with
Haley's like enough talk about that
sadness final paint with me no I don't
know there's five papers upstairs let's
just take a minute and you're losing the
my life sounds like livin voice is
changing no that last that I did acid it
sounded like a little big engine minute
thank you that so you have to say it
when you think of Luke because you don't
have a tail is friend and all appeal is
friends are like you because they're
boys do made a deal don't you know my
silver maybe be able to give you my
racism is blue and easily and repeat
wait I get are you an hombre or what Tom
ring so I like this print piece all
right it's like sweater so in true
sisterly fashion as you see the girls
can go from are Ewing one minute to best
BFF the next minute bonding and I was
like it kinda was a happy accident
yeah I don't think water colors are
going to work on that I could have told
you that
so many tell if your fault now
yeah because that is like the boulder
glassy yeah anything no soap but now
we're back to that
see how mapping go real-life hashtag
it's what happened I say technically but
the end of the day though they do love
each other don't try those are water
colours to it Amy Amy okay go get your
face let's try this out
so can we do a question of a real quick
Oh give them an update on the Leo you
guys didn't tune in recently we design
we're actually in the process of
designing new Leo Inez try it out at gym
today and is you want to show it real
quick for people who didn't see that
video yeah there it is in the pants - we
was afraid of the pants we're going to
slip because of the material on the same
material but what's the verdict
oh is I'm comfortable good and flip did
it right under your arms cuz it rub
under hey so question of the day who's
got one
um are you crafty or not okay fair
enough
grz when you get up in the morning are
you a morning person who you once you go
back and sleep a you last week to
exercise okay and then to see you
exercise see do school go to school oh
yeah religious women gee how about on a
weekend okay I don't we cannot get bears
in visit I like meeting people
highlight hanging with my family and
being sad if you like to be fun it's
like bittersweet to see those video
clips huh the blank makes you yes she's
perfect
sweet like it makes me want to laugh and
cry
okay you guys so what's your favorite
thing to do on the weekend I think I'd
like but don't move fibers like you
through it you don't get it
all right guys we'll see you tomorrow
have a good night
we need to buy I like you guys as a
pikey day I got Hayley see you later see
you tomorrow mmm the way it will look
much better when this step is off of it
but it looks pretty good for our first
time the tape will come off probably
tomorrow night and yet my chance on the
Haley's leg back - okay guys I wrapped
it but don't forget that the question
question today and
go and watch the video back cuz I don't
remember I know I know I'm ready to do a
weekend yeah movie and yes guys make
sure you tune in to my tomorrow's video
love you guys so much
bye you know what that you always
remember to celebrate way based on
escape babe
thanks for watching Chris Haley
