boy retiree why is Annie asleep in the
car you may ask okay share genetics and
we just picked her up and she's like I'm
tired and five minutes later we looked
out that's back there into the fleet
we're taking her to the doctor to get
some foot massage I think the work a
little I think that Proctor she was a
little better they got water she but
today again there was no tumbling today
but I think she did everything else I
think this morning was just bars and
being though so that's what she's gonna
be able to do but maybe we should talk
to Mary about a private like a tomboy in
private she's got a meet the freakin we
know what's gonna happen
it's like the suspenseful movie you guys
what's going to have you have to stay
tuned to find out if Annie can finally
vault and do four will she be able to do
it
alright so that's what's going on you
guys her seatbelts not on right and that
she had wearing a seatbelt but I can't
stand when they do that whoa now we you
do it you got it
okay woke her up hey can you put your
seatbelt on right and you go back to
sleep mmm-hmm yeah almost right put your
arms around your head the big ol noggin
neck there you go good night Bobby came
to the appointment we played with all
those tools last time when he was when
he wasn't in here
your foot painted she's like a kid in
the candy store over there it was like a
creepy doctor what's your progress
she had words mmmmmm punch you guys I
don't have any pain except pain in my
booty like you'd ever know or his name's
Billy now check out
hello is it time balancing you was it
worth it yeah so does the bottom of your
foot really feel better you just not
wanted to touch it so you're okay with
the fight that he's going to just try it
out right starting it and for me now you
know so so I think that I mean even
though that he didn't like it going back
and see that he's that so that that
level is all so it's not true at all he
even said you're ready for this
appointment yeah can you find it yeah
yeah yeah then you get distracted easily
ah trip one of the help I'm sorry
goodness he he tough yep I am for sure
whose life she covered I am for sure
but mom oh yeah did you believe that
their value and I'm thank you very much
oh no it's this one you can tell in her
face
yeah yeah but the problem is he hits it
just for a second and then stops oh yeah
that's how bad it hurt you ollie up your
hat pretty good yeah so so the bother
book does looks pretty good the lefty
Elkins pretty good to you what about
Jenny
yeah papa papa excuse me man what did
you get all right thank you listen very
guy this place is open oh my no me yeah
nobody watch this everybody watches this
don't tell him I'll bring her back
there's been times where I brought up
Brian
don't tell me we just said that I can
see for them you guys and buy them on
sileo's that we design you're doing it
oh so she did tell me some stuff make
even by the way oh my god okay then so
what look at this - stop
I don't look I'm just going to fit it
though go over you so cute and I don't
imagine it's going to be really soft
can you really comfortable what are you
guys get upset
hey there times that they always start
with is any size that I guess their
standard just happens to be in it okay
so just something she told me now they
just did this for the prototype we can
either decide we like it or not like it
normally they don't circle the GK it's
that for cheerleading stuff so they just
they did it on this one for the
prototype but we can have it not circled
if we want it not charcoal time let me
show the side that that looks good fuzzy
kinds all right well when you're done
eating right
this is the same day with the pants with
the circle TK how's it feel
are they so we might see if they have a
different material I put this is for to
get it right we don't want slippery
right do you think that would be hard to
know oh so it wouldn't okay but once
they're up there they're comfortable
because that's what this is all about is
making sure that it's
like a material okay so we'll get that
fixed
they don't fit you too bad for being in
a adult extra small usually in the pant
she's still in a hole turn around those
pants are so cute the logos of the way
face a little teary those are a
different material than what your
warm-ups are made out of right so we can
see if they could do if they still have
that same one maybe we could get those
well yeah I'm going through the back of
your Lea I wasn't looking when you
turned around so you would go different
size on those I would probably get you
child large and the pants on the shorts
funny how you can wear a different sizes
are you cold
so the Leo's not warm dang it we ordered
a warmly in this kidding yeah I really
like I like it though those are super
sparkly comfortable good that's the most
important thing right like that is fun
look at it all goes together strike a
dimness pose a little bit hmm
you have to school unfortunately I'm G
degree so yeah well maybe she's not the
same as I said it here we're going to
make these little changes so we can get
this as comfortable as possible this is
round one
stay tuned mr. Macon yeah I definitely
think so yeah I think that this is so
pretty though flash RB flash this is the
line of the B and then it should be half
you're upside down at the CL but it
would be hard to see in that I like it I
love the colors bright and of course we
incorporated our purple and these are
like purple and silver and belly be for
belly and that that B you can it just
stands out let's ease into things what I
love too it's almost like a heart - you
got a heart a be a CL if you connected
here you almost have a heart
yeah it's really cool there's somebody
else who wants to model with you
she was yourself yes why her hands like
super cute love it guys nothing
whoa I need this isn't to be it seems I
get it now feels good I think of the
same material clothes turn around
hey guys so so really I am eating so
much at 2:30 but I have some snacks for
dr. Brennan kind of doing school now and
yeah it's pretty much all I was getting
Haley body somewhere yeah whoa see how I
was that those like Oh a lot Oh
oh my gosh Tim I wonder how many hours
I'm dizzy
I'm going to get back to school
we need not to fear the couch get all
when you don't go although when you get
home to counseling right I say something
close ride now close your eyes come on
hold out your hands and your eyes closed
it's the dogs are like what are you
doing okay open your eyes
even I can recognize yeah you're like
fits perfectly
yeah okay I don't care me out not fun
hey you do some trick I forgot a rope
again what are you doing conditioning no
I don't know what that oh oh oh don't do
that kind of hurt yourself can you give
me a tomato strong yeah I will give me a
burrito play down the Clyde ways on a
mat no up sideways this is she now scoot
your head that way a little bit
that nope shave up that way but don't
bonk your head on the oh okay yeah yep
okay now grab this now roll roll roll
whoa keep rolling oh yeah I know
I didn't ask me we get more rollin burry
the remove specific minds I love
burritos oh yeah okay Sara what I'm
attacking your bro be done in a burrito
yep you'll be getting more you sir
please you suffer from allergies here to
talk about how our eyes itch it's
allergy season we think daddy may have
the flu I'm just jumping to conclusions
on the flu either way doesn't feel well
so it's a typical Tuesday night we're
going live so what we've been doing the
last couple Tuesday's what are you doing
and I ask you what are you doing tonight
look at this like I said am i I other
night Mary cuz it looks like you like
grab the other strip by anyway I'm gonna
be seen to be saw she hold full time so
we're gonna go film in the TV just
tripping over dog don't mind me who
invited you guys we're going to film in
the TV room cuz Annie says thank you
better acoustics ha ha what do you know
about guys we're vlogging here we go
everybody sees everybody this is the
vlog camera this is live we're super
excited because we're almost to ninety
thousand viewers which is almost a
record our record as we got above a
hundred thousand last time to thing so
we're waiting till ninety I didn't wait
y'all wait wait what we were doing other
things that wasn't the reason we went
live last time I mean those that when
you saying we're like okay what would
you do for one hundred thousand and he's
like oh saying probably cuz II don't
think we're going to get there and then
we did eighty nine thousand she's going
to sing rise up at 90 and then a hundred
thousand if we make it to sing in lost
boy again which was our favorite so we
just wanted to give you another favorite
I think it's behind the scenes of
vlogging you guys what was it your
favorite what I was watching
for Dickinson that's you're the one you
feel comfortable with okay
the end of our day is upon us she is
exhausted she is a ball full of energy
she whipped her nails
Annie and I were reading lines what's in
your hair is that nail clippers don't
pull don't pull
oh geez Haley okay Annie got a new set
of so Haley read some lines the other
day for a show
Annie's got a brand new set we just ran
over them and now she's exhausted so
this just kind of shows you guys how
hard it is because she got these lines
before we right before we went on live
it's ten pages long and they want us to
film it and send it in by tomorrow
at like noon okay
wait timeout we got to save Winnie when
you get to be out more and more and more
but if you keep doing that you're gonna
have to go to your bed but anyway it's
not easy is it to balance all this so
she's going to take a break and go to
sleep she gets 30 minutes more minutes
before hits lights out this one does too
yes you want to do a question of the day
in this 12 bucks
so there's pink Sanjay and your basic
color is my ground a yellow green blue
ring daiquiri purple the same purple zoo
well okay maybe you've probably got
somebody else's an egg oh yeah well you
probably got someone else oh yeah all of
Danny's cool down but she's got to do
more Phil no more I only blue and pink
cream let me see I like this blue right
here like lightish blue oh right there
yes panty banannie favorite color in
this pack you guys are going to comment
down below and I'm afraid to say thank
you we got a
hundred thousand of you guys on our
lively tonight that are so supportive
my hearing Annie on from here here right
in the middle of those colors we're
going to let her get some rest so she
can be refreshed to see if we can get
this film tomorrow it's ten pages of
lines I think it's a test I think it's
the see how hey hey hey we are filming a
video over here not witty okay I we got
to go guys cuz I got a lock Winnie
skinny up comment down below bye see you
tomorrow
always remember to celebrate life hey
babe
thanks for watching
Vick Haley
