so Haley's at school and Annie wanted
some rolls and like I asked her who's
going to eat them so you have that many
DS no ready
how does that go when he's here that's
gonna be so delicious
Oh see he loves you and nah mom
no that's cuz I do love him don't
believe her when she just said you can't
have salmon roe this week of filming all
what should I call our seminal yeah yeah
I see
okay Jake three hey they're just
grooming each other I hate it hello
she just tells her she doesn't get to
look lazy nasty and you got a lot more
to get here all time-lapse it go well I
can't figure out is why you haven't
started school yet I need a plate some
just leg ah looks good huh which leg so
what do you need me to break how about
the one with our Liam Payne because you
fell down a Saratoga we didn't film I
don't know it was like they were
cleaning up your son into this carrying
that yeah he fell down the stairs
wearing socks so watching go Tyler cook
some of them yeah and like sell that
like when mommy screamed at the top of
her lungs series I thought and I thought
really hurt so I all I came up here with
annulus crying and Haley was crying he
was worried about it and all I heard was
she fell down the stairs he's not only
winning well the reason I thought was
one of you that you got to know that
part of the sword when he came running
by me and as I came up the stairs she
too went running towards the bedroom and
I didn't know what was going on all I
hear is she fell down the stairs I was
like when he fell down the stairs
and I thought you knowing mommy she was
I was thinking when he fell down the
bottom flight of stairs the mommy was
too afraid to go check on her so she
just screamed and then now Andy was
sitting there on the landing can I got
along what you got dress for Jim I know
that well I got thank you after and
pushing like he to remind you know why
are you making so I get to see how long
and there's a there's anyone that I draw
is this at age of six eight but I'm just
like haha a good man again Lightning
McQueen and there's a car in it so I'm
looking hi Leland no I
Sarge anyways it's like that and you
like like you take a picture of your
toothbrush and then if he's not branded
and you do fish comes into your screen I
guess and then you can like brush it
doesn't lay on the screen and then I get
to order one for me just in case it is
more appropriate for your age glad
you're inspired to have been a better
dental hygiene not like Geneva with that
I know is this watch next time I go to
the dentist I'm still gonna have an
Wildcat oral cavities you guys who took
them to the dentist yesterday if you
didn't watch a surveys video and it was
a little bit longer in between Dennis
visits this last time longer than I'd
like to admit like I said it's been a
while but the important thing is is
they're back
and it is really really really really
good about brushing your teeth for the
most part but Haley is not she needs a
little she's okay if I have to remind
her and then she'll come down I'll say
to you brush did you brush your teeth
and she'll go yeah I'll be like mmm go
brush your teeth
she asked me reminded them lamb x and t
gigantic additi different teeth but
anyway we're on our way to go take the
little girls who's a gym daddy is going
to pick up the other little girl's room
I don't know why they got this idea that
we're going to the melting pot for
dinner
fondue if you don't know what the
melting pot of I don't think that's
going to happen we have plenty to do
here hey you guys you guys go to bed ten
minutes she wants to tell coach Mary
that her plan she thinks is going to be
to take the rest of this week off her
foot is feeling better she goes to the
doctor again on Friday to get it all
massage up but it's feeling better but
maybe just to be safe to take the rest
of this week off because there's no meat
this weekend right oh she is feisty and
then to try to start tumbling and
vaulting next week and see if you can
compete those events but we won't know
if he's competing those events probably
until the actual event at the meet but
that's the plan okay so yeah I guess we
should go now and tap doggies or the bad
does it look like they want to go to bed
I always move okay really
no apparently I just missed all the fun
yeah five seconds too late next one join
us oh I have to take Annie to gym and
then hailey wait first of all will ya
I literally have to meet in the work and
then the only good 10-minute workout oh
that's where we're gonna happen did it
really I did tell you format but it's
really work oh look how professional
they got they put in lights and
everything I'm coming I'm coming
can't believe I miss all the fun oh the
fun starts now look at this look at this
big guy
whoa oh yeah oh I didn't Oh whoopsie
Hayley move I said let's see your mood
we have to leave like really in ten
minutes
yeah we do for what's that let's see it
back handspring back handspring really
are you ready for that yet really I
don't know zip it up let me see - round
two back handspring read um mom are with
straight legs and pointed toes when I'm
being rude being helpful reminding you I
have to remind Annie of that sometimes -
it's hard I know - concentrate on all
that at once your feet go together okay
you think you can throw another one do a
back handspring to your back the second
do back one back handspring and then the
second one just go to your back on the
rebound try to good can try that again
I've never done this we talked about it
a lot oh that was too high and like
really hard to train on your legs what
was that you can't connect one to that
am i close yeah really
ah okay but don't land on your knees
that was good you don't need that extra
little pause try that again let me see
it no you can't land on just a bad habit
try that again let me know I don't think
you need that extra way okay I'm going
huh don't take this extra bounce either
you're taking oh we have knowing yeah
stand still and just do a back
handspring no you're taking an extra
bounce but I think you can connect I
think you're ready to do two so we're
not going to mess with that in the front
just try to do two commits you did it
with an extra bounce now just do it
be committed though really good rebound
okay hey
yeah so I'm here meeting Katie at Red
Lobster before I pick Haley up so we're
waiting on them I'm right under now a
week so let's see how long this thing
they're here
vous aime of like that's creepy
guys just want to point out that this
little munchkin right here is growing up
Danny you're getting sober I'm not going
talk about Hayley she usually has to be
reminded to do her homework not tonight
though we were downstairs Annie still is
going around prance around those
crutches she we were downstairs and I
came up and Hayley was doing her
homework about what walk now she's
abrasive hey hey hey whoa you're doing
extra pages no I got like an extra
credit you need an extra credit but
anyway she was doing I'm so proud of her
because like I said I have to usually
stay on her about how long is it this is
what for surprised yeah or you have
another surprise yeah to the pride of
yeah she wrote even wrote in her planner
a teachers need to get it because she's
been writing on just like blank sheets
of paper bringing it home written on
that like you have a planner I don't
even want what's the surprise
can't you tell me now little me okay
well meanwhile a neat's-foot feeling
better I don't know why we're still
prancing around on the crutches hey pick
that towel up off the floor my friend oh
yeah encounter you got a minute
Oh miss a whole minute I don't know what
I'm filming you my eyes are low so I put
my hand out I'm scared
really oh so do not do your my hand I'm
not counting to a minute oh my god
just me got president oh my cousin why
am i standing here I want a present no I
don't want it if it's not a present what
she's getting bossy how do I need why do
I need to go in my room I was okay I
eyes are closed
I'm sure my either goes where she going
I don't see anything
Oh am i filming you where are you
animation is like if you got I got a
rift going through it Cobin I'm not in
ring consent to read for 20 minutes it's
easy to follow direction what's out of a
fairy because I was really excited other
present too and I'll present a present
though moms like when their kids do what
they're supposed to do so that makes
them very happy look nice but Annie
wants a present read you said you were
reading news isn't he really rude
alright my friends it is time for the
question of the day is a question of the
day we have imagined one what's the
Mater pan no no no wow okay
the question of the day is what is your
favorite subject in school yes it's been
a while mathematics mathematics oh it's
my definitely mad I'm gonna be mixed 28
back and everything like guess what I
did today not not only hopefully you're
wrong No
so easy all right mine is definitely not
masked they did not get that from me I
like a little bit of like language
English what I'm reading whatever you
call it and it changes over the years
sometimes it's grammar language arts all
that kind of stuff okay you guys it's
math it's math we don't have the math he
was telling me about mouth
he got fourth place in - four for you
and in Spain the whole state he couldn't
be hurt gosh such a underachiever just
getting off of it that he took this yes
and military stuff - yeah when it out
was really hard and he was like anybody
is eating like 42 that means I needed to
pass only good 250 and there's a swine
girl
we got who's all that I got 70 my dad
and that it was like oh no I'm gonna I'm
gonna fail any time I was in 98 number
what he got a mass that was sad cuz I
know I used to know all that back in the
day let's gear up
pretty good yes very good okay my friend
time to go to bed after Haley reads for
20 minutes and showers she's going to
bed and she's gonna brush her teeth
because she's on a roll tonight I don't
I'm not even I don't have a teller no I
think whatever point is no one had to
remind her feel free to comment down
below
come on Yoda I think she wanted to say
what's your favorite subject goodnight
see you tomorrow
toodles adios or voir abusing Oh
Piru everything's better with primers
not from oh I have my favorite life
everything's dead you know is what your
acts are better with oh yeah step in a
wall though better with that an
appropriate video Oh like I said is that
guys we got to go
goodbyes are better with always remember
to celebrate life hey babe
thanks for watching miss hailey
