you've been here okay hey guys so I am
Ben with the tie-back it went really
well the character actually didn't hurt
as mad as I thought of killing him
because I've been in a while and last
time you know I was younger again and I
begin to show I don't know if you didn't
heard that
so the goal here is for using to be the
next man right yeah
today I was going to dr. brother so I
checked that off then me and mommy are
going to Nordstrom to look pretty close
amazing and then I mean here we are
going to the dentist
any favorite place you can't get that
perfect musically oh that many for one
musically what's you it again oh gosh I
do this for every week we play the big
zoo decide what I can't give it
cool
we're on our way is it dentist been a
while since the girls have had to teeth
checked out longer than I'd like to
admit but we're going now but she's got
to make a few music Lee's first look so
disappointed I can subscribe it and then
Oh
the
how the cut alright we just met these
goons come on boom they just got here so
high your teeth feel they feel cavity
free we're going to go find out it's
been a while
Atlantic here you like her outfit all
right you guys go get these teeth shined
up
I don't like cricket initializing on my
on lines of Longinus
yeah you really look good off okay Haley
you're a man okay it's all over your
skirt okay it is filling out her form
she say when she needs a bring off
but the first time you've ever done
paperwork Danny was just so pretty I'd
take long alright so she's got two
little cavity come back and free and
side yeah but she's got perfect inches
on top yeah lady cornea yeah how do you
know you have a new dad she has perfect
teeth on topic and if you had maybe
wrinkles on the bottom okay he's holding
giggity hold in the heat and Brad
phenomenal Russia Italy fresh my
commands and I have a new sixteen people
like you or just prone to getting by
she's not very good
just shy ones back there go don't say
ass to small cavities you know I brush
my teeth I'm lucky person sounds pretty
person so Haley doing now I'm gonna
North Atlanta go difficult I think it is
that your sister and your brother their
teeth are so close together they were
they're totally guilty drew push
together forever and that's one of the
reasons he had to get braces the same
thing with Haley
so it's goodness bad they take their
close together so it's hard for me
cavities between them but their teeth
are so close together they end up
getting braces
we did with the bad right hi dad I had
good teeth
but you had a caddy the braces oh I
don't know just never had brakes
I don't like to step on them that's why
they're right Gary glossy yeah okay all
right Oh not discussing it follow those
four I don't disgusting
I thought cavities were supposed to hurt
when they get mad at they do and they
first start forming though yes smile a
little
victory for dinner tonight
aren't good to me
eliminate much damage I know a cure for
my teeth together he says I have perfect
teeth though which is good my guy first
perfectly he said I really eat is your
choice you could get bottom braces if
you wanted them bit like she said their
little champs down there but if you want
to get bottom bases you can but I feel
like what's the point of giving them if
you're not going to get them on the top
and it just looks weird it just looks
like hide your tongues already gotten
cleaned I was waiting on the doctor to
come in with a solution he says he
probably needs braces on his bottom line
really
and you know what are we doing what
dependency who are done at a referral to
the orthodontist I'm gonna go get Ortiz
and my teeth and Danny I'm not afraid
want mercy so that I won't break you so
much you're not really getting them on
the top of the bottle you don't know
you're getting a ship with that Bank
well it's a shift you can worry about
that windy period um but we can't
exactly them on the Tom Menino he's like
I win I'm Jewish I have the opposite we
might not meet them and you may be too
young to get it they listen and see and
win that's great
how do you read you anything to get out
faces you'll think anything literally
and will you tell her that okay
literally I really want braces and he
just put them on no you don't not
getting braces again I I wanted to do
head to me you're crazy
look at the shoes I disagree yeah I was
looking at I was comparing the two piles
my high they're so good both piles they
folded some towels I thought you're
going to come over here like mess her
pile up no you're not
you'll be holding them we've had dinner
and he's pretending that she needs
crutches again the dogs want to play oh
my goodness gracious
I read light with you we're going live
we're doing Annie's weekly live show
what are you doing tonight Annie making
butter table and I'm gonna have some you
think she goes there yeah
she said why she shares oh you're so
nice but you share oh I think you are
the person she thinks you are going to
be dispersing and you're not going to be
sassy Haley let your mother handle the
little one that won't share okay so
we're going to do that what else we have
planned on this wonderful Tuesday night
that's it big plans what are you doing
you know Manny what are you doing Piper
a little scare her that's Carrie
Sun care she's got a rope hailey neat I
come sit by me you can't play I know
what kind of world is it where Winnie
can't run and play don't get her all
riled up going to get her in trouble
Hey alright my friend
stay tuned maybe we'll sneak in on
Annie's lively and you will see some
butter some sugar on there that I
thought nearly two fish this morning and
it wasn't wet are you telling me to do
she didn't brush her teeth I remind her
not to start watching her brush her
teeth I think I might need a resting I
might move her toothbrush down so that I
can you don't get any cavities people
have heparinized today I'm not saying
that everybody every night every day but
I guess my person would be at least
brush them once though right once every
day I remind them and I remind them and
I remind them I do it and I do it in it
you always see you always I don't
normally do it I guess we're on Anthony
wait that's true the fried meat very
late sometimes when a friend goes where
and when I go to friend's house so
special circumstances all right Peter
you brush them but your teeth just must
be different you've been told that that
your feet up there are very susceptible
to cavities and Haley's just aren't are
you sucking on candy cyanide because
that doesn't help
vitamin gummies are not addressing on
mewing to the knowledge if you can - you
can't have anything crunchy because of
the fluoride is hard
well don't want to bite on anything onto
my on my sheet he did how's it go okay
so we had a fail well it's not quite a
failure
hello not going to fail yet Annie's
phone's not charged we're going to be
connected to the cord during the live
way there's nothing worse
i twitching still to it right here is to
again
I can't believe how much curl your crimp
or whatever you want to call it still
left in your hair in two days right you
say it's three days Sunday to Monday
Monday to today's yeah
what is Monday morning I said hey guys
yeah we just made wine have the first
time it didn't work but it's so messy so
the first thing didn't work I almost
failed shuttle it
it was awesome he helped us change now
she wants to make it summon help her
doesn't Shampoo perfect yeah so we're
going to make some butter slime it's
going to be amazing
can we used well then don't put it in
yet we use cornstarch champagne alright
that's pretty much all it is so Haley do
you want to get your hands dirty and it
out and I'll help you what your job was
last time yeah I'm gonna clean up the
bowl mother fun lunch
Chrissa we would did live we were live a
few minutes ago and the first time we
made it it did not work New York Hall is
awesome this is so much better than the
end of them we're out to make a video on
it because you have it perfected now
pretty much we're going to try one more
time with a purple okay so let me let it
over on my iPad reals after this yeah I
opened it is it my not works because
this is the extra of the yellow but
we're just kind of experimenting can you
mix an experienced hand mold is doing is
not working okay this might get
destructive and maybe need a bunch on a
mining more fertile cornstarch warhorse
Josh okay you guys have to stop what
you're doing soon and cleanup it's a big
ol mess in here yeah yeah thank you Sam
I can wear my gloves right alright my
friends I'm gonna go downstairs and
finish cleaning up after dinner
and you guys can do this for about 20
more minutes okay girl and then it's
time to get ready clean up and go to bed
so we'll be back with a question of the
day you guys and they can show you their
butter slime yeah yeah yep
it's amazing you guys excited yeah hey
guys the backs question of the day um
yeah what is the question to Haley
Wednesday is with your time loss TVs
better
oh yeah but it's line regular
slime crunchy slime oh I like these
crunchy spine and better son cranky
don't forget comfortable oksu the no
question day a to the dawn you are
flying bye guys see you well hope you
guys are good day
shiny I'll wait a member to celebrate
life hey babe
thanks for watching Rick Haley
