I'm a third day in a row for me first
day in the room for me we're all I'm
Annie's not lying to be up here for a
third day mmm
I know of course I'm going to be here
for Haley but I let Annie sleep in
because she hadn't packed in a few days
miss Debbie old Vienna okay perfect
we're good well it was what a Halley's
couldn't does and we're like we're here
but we're going to let her keep sleeping
until the last I'm actually going to go
hey how about you compete for Hertz
I'm pretty amazing at domestics did you
bring early oh I don't know I look great
Malia I don't know if I can do that low
level skills anymore
oh that was very good so I'd have to
remember how to do all that easy stuff
okay so what somebody is is even when I
watch like level twos I'm like I still
couldn't do that yeah this little girls
crying I'm not going to film her cuz I
was rude I don't know who she is but she
is crying I bet you she was a fleet it's
too hard these little one did not have
to wake up the hair what's up with that
none of them none of them sadly no
really no like I get older like they get
they're used to it like I've been doing
gymnastics forever and that doesn't
lower levels she doing well she fell
asleep like you're gonna do great little
girl in the green someone's awake now
you need the mommy hug okay good luck I
went you need yours you need your bag
daddy carried her and hey won't you give
me your jacket - uh hey don't you think
that'll be easier all right I love you
have fun see you on the other side Hey
butthole we're late
or one of the pretty silver one uh
November so she can go with those same
on in the actual mean she doctor for the
me many of Wednesday
Elmer I got this girl back she had her
best meet of the season stay tuned for
that I gave a little Oh daddy guy hey
hey some flowers a few of them there's
more Oh two different ones
all right good job survived so abrasive
run run another successful me Haley
wanted to buy daddy are you becoming a
daddy's girl
yeah no you still be a mommy's not I'm
just going to go sit McCarley
daddy-daughter date dang it
sack qualities yes CIE flowers already
consisting of one for sitting up to em
on my meeting that him here you and like
why my harem so once more delicious it
was absolutely delicious
my liberal mother Haley last to the
restroom
so right now it's really hot outside so
we're just hanging around here so the
girls are right here sit here and Alexis
here you have been here yet so very high
oh my gosh yeah good huh
who's hungry shoppin what do you guys
doing pick them out you keep asking me
for permission I'll pick it up for I
don't already know I'm not positive she
can check it
I've had three thought and if you can
braid it back up yeah Hayley she took a
shower burn they're gonna do that soon
you were smart Alecto you were smart
yeah her mom's going to make her too
yeah yeah good thing I just started
dinner I gotta see this oh you're going
to just check one yeah it's good it's
definitely dry
I think it's funny the last time Alexa
was over here Syd was over here too like
wow like art our crew the squad go squad
go be careful with her I think it's
perfect
someone lost the tooth you've got one
growing in huh yeah yeah when you're
older how much older how long wins your
birthday when are you eight yeah so you
guys are good like a marginalise on
August August September the nine months
apart
nice Amy so they only taught Braves not
up all the way that hurting her looks
good sir hey I got an idea
the peanut gallery over here hand him a
trained professional I'm watching her
you're on Oh dad so worried about going
to be enough cool all right can you like
you can see the beam like when you guys
do that let's freaking I think I've seen
you like oh my gosh
different why does why I can't do that I
got many make you tonight hey all right
all right you got a little extra spring
in the on a much skinnier your hands
don't even make it out they want to play
so do one more oh all right what you got
Tucker shoot in the show me your best
trick Haley you're missing the beam you
don't have to if you're just playing on
it is fun I'm would be able to excited
yeah don't do that is what you're
working to me well what burial when it
was like that someone's with one and
there's food up there go Annie why why
is it so going blurry never do it again
it went blurry shut the do it again I
want Lori sorry I want to be here
oh can I hold it better
boy your wrist or your shoulders or
using your hands goodness get injured
too often English
I got cancer today we are all eating ice
cream because had ignited an ice cream
challenge oh yeah my mana crazy so I was
in the bed is what is your favorite ice
cream flavor
Haley how have you been lose this reason
with nothing package it with make sure
Jacqueline two evils
I like my dress trip chucks cook cookie
dough and yeah aunty whatever mean this
is why knowing cookies what breaking um
peanut butter path which is isn't here
but I like introducing look to the
finish up the most getting enough for
today is looking here ice cream right
Harry I don't know actually about to go
to bed looking good right now so don't
do it I already remember to celebrate
life hey babe
thanks for watching
Chris Haley
