today I'm bailing my gosh told you sorry
there good morning MA
I want a Dunkin Donuts today but it was
like an hour drive so I was gonna post
mates it but then my mom got us Chipotle
for breakfast
use the left through breakfast so it was
lunch and for the record I'd like to
stay but I haven't had the whole leg in
about okay let me rephrase a burrito let
me rephrase I haven't gotten this thing
with this drink from Chipotle in two
days okay anyways I'm doing school I'm
supposed to be getting ready right about
now but I was like hey let me play one
game before tonight then I gotta update
the whole entire game what the heck oh
and it's still saying that beam Dez it
I have to go shower you makeup do get
ready like get dressed I have to brush
my teeth I have to perfume huh I'm
dancing I'm gonna be sweating of course
I need perfume and deodorant whoa yogurt
no not me what did you make up okay I
haven't got to do my own makeup and so
long and I got new stuff from Sephora
and haven't been able to use it I go to
sad and like stuff and I don't really
need makeup for right now the link I
want to do it alright well if I'm gonna
be doing all that stuff I should
probably go see guys later
did you were you a tool on the yellow no
tennis maraming on gay
gasps and then
oh I had an Annie playlist I have all
auntie songs but she's ever been a part
of here's the playlist all of little
Annie songs so cool
okay so Annie's gonna cut her oversized
shirt now did you order it big on
purpose or just okay have you ever done
this before
have you seen it on videos so you're
just gonna literally just cut it yes
okay and what are you gonna do remember
like that one time we were on a photo
shoot and she cut it yeah so you're
gonna cut it here and then go up a
little oh okay
but then cut it up so you can tie it or
no are you nervous
we literally have to walk out the door
in five minutes so this is like a
five-minute style I don't know how it's
gonna turn off we're probably breaking
every rule to cutting a t-shirt ever
invented so our bad we're gonna learn
though real quick what would be better
next time
I think you need to come this way a
little think you're going up just kind
of straighten it like come down a little
are you wearing this today today NC
dance okay
alright go put it on no not really
here's the outfit we have how about they
comment down below what we could use
with this scrap ok if anything ok
literally you need to go get shoes on
I'm calling the car right now so guys
today we are shooting in a cave but not
just a cave I've been told that this is
the original Batman cave like from the
1960s Batman
what's up everyone
we just have dance like only an hour and
half or something that's pretty much it
I like Simone biles is right there like
not actually but like you know what I
mean like picture dance school yeah see
you soon and that's not I don't know if
its food time you know we may have like
30 more minutes
are you done chef fun
filming doesn't water what do you you
put something no I didn't just got it
saw you walking out all right
have you seen the Hollywood sign yet
have to show it to you
we're gonna see it from up here
all right so uh write them all right now
I got I was shopping for Ayden's
birthday so I got this little rail bag
and we're going crap and now that we're
done with that we're going to target to
get a few things from there then
I'm gonna go to city wok I think with
Dylan and one of her friends and go see
a movie and mommy's in there to stay
with Hailey and go that she works today
oh there's a daily she's been working so
yes that is that my guess though is
Haley's gonna want to sit down on the
couch when you go check out a little
girls night like into the Vale maybe
just a movie watch a movie at the
Riverview
ringette for anybody to do that that
paint adidas you know I got this new
shirt I think I've filmed me ordering
and actually we filmed you cutting it no
no no no yeah like
open debt she said cake a coup
I can't get the emoji I want in vlog oh
my gosh
okay we got it
let's do this thing I look like a bunch
like a squirrel so we have Dylan Kaylee
and we are all going to wear wheel city
city walk to watch a movie watch a movie
the movie is I don't know how to say
that I only Vic say you're like hot like
like the ocean yeah Green Zone Pacific
red Pacific Rim and it's about to Power
Rangers robots like bigger than like the
transformer sure wait who is Optimus
Prime
oh you've never seen transformers no
sirree I know dad I know when he died I
bumblebee died no the biggest part of
the movie it's one of the saddest but
it's not like you oh I loved bumblebee
yeah five seconds he's my favorite
character oh yeah anyways see you guys
later
if he'll be really loud but we're here
we're eating that's it we're gonna
smoothie soon all right
she's all okay didn't like it today you
know why you guys all said that it was
sandwiches it was just a bad day for
food all they are on let's walk down
this hill
all right there my car will be down to
you in a minute
Hey
we're here
how do you feel that we're here you may
be may need it
maintain it we mean in it yank it and
scare you
they're watching like transformer a
movie or something like Pacific Rim or
something goofy dicey look who I get to
hang out with all night all night but hi
we're gonna watch our movie right what
I'm just gonna fix you dinner in a
second okay
okay mommy mommy
all right wanna watch movie I want you
to go take a bath before dinner cuz you
were outside all day and then we will
watch a movie and eat clean the floor
for me look at your little tail okay a
little a little bag there I look cute I
know it pulls better do the rocky thing
it is wrapped do you got anything
anywhere it's wrapping it doesn't know
that's the only thing I know how to do
all right she has bathed my friends that
looks amazing
yes food is almost ready okay
okay all right we picked a movie
Paddington - I said you just go brush it
out do you brush your teeth well you can
eat first we'll eat dinner first
yes
we have don't lay the baby sleeping hey
turn around we can see a little baby
face right oh no she is yeah we are
about to the question today we're kind
of running out of Christian today so
we're gonna make blowing up what is it
two days ago that we asked them to
comment down on question of the day
alright we'll do that tomorrow in
tomorrow's video but for right now her
back shed chick-fil-a or pizza yeah you
should fast food no but like we mean
like not restaurants okay good night
don't forget to calm down looks moon
occurs today hey where's your favorite
place to eat for fast food by tomorrow
number two celebrate life
babe thanks for watching Vitaliy
