hi for Miami
I'm doing school mm yeah I've been doing
school I'm gonna have a private probably
getting a little bit boxers for my foot
today tomorrow sometimes holding
somewhere on my beanie can't wait that
mommy mommy
dad something's pick normy that's great
mommy said mm-hmm
Sammy I'm Joey gagging and work this out
you're in school to school
ow hey guys I'm all ready for gym
except for my hand when I do it in the
club turn oh yeah whoa chocolate I got
that from the dentist did you really
yeah I think that's a little weird the
dentist gave me chocolate
hi I really need it happy to be up there
every kind of building how embarrassing
no jumping oh you tried it try that
rocket look at Jim your foot expert your
lease MRI or whatever
Bobby well I don't know I don't think
it's broken so I would doubt an x-ray
but I don't know anything's torn or
strained in there still hurting after a
week so we're gonna go see what they say
oh I need to do you can nearly calm
likea when you have something white in
your back look funny you brush them
today
I just stretched them okay and you know
when Cesar is why this tic tacs well
there are people out there who have some
advice except X but the kind of fake
teeth we're whitening teeth okay little
like you should see if I should have
done all right looking on out of here
need to do your hair and I need to walk
my husband Johnny brother
me and Harry D this big and she got one
on that one
and it's no they can be so excited my
favorite wanted to strawberry cream one
and she also got this card and these two
peas and you know she didn't bring this
one to us just a little beanie English
15 yeah but it has potential bun but I'm
going to try it and schedule wondering I
have this blankie that is really new and
I've had it for a long time but like
I've never used it to add my other one
so I'm trying to use it like it's so
weird so yeah and I'm not gonna bring it
home trips so I don't lose it wait guys
I just kind of wanted to talk about this
I'm so nervous for the doctor's
appointment how like it's just like you
could be domestic so unique you you
think I'm keeping yeah
okay
all right we're finished with the
product we did bars a little bit of belt
so that we wouldn't hurt the hook I'm
gonna go get the foot checked out we're
in a race racing the clock seems like
we're always racing the clock we put her
to work before we left helping carry a
beam the least she can do since he's
leaving Mia for the double private hurry
hurry
there's PVA he's coming in to help me I
was a private it's hard to do it to
learn funded by yourself but it kind of
worked out okay so here's he just update
the nurse was in here took all the
medical history they're going to go
ahead and x-ray it I'm sure it's just a
crush on coming because the doctor
didn't even even really told the doctor
anything I think they just x-ray it I
don't think it's broken
yeah well I just assumed maybe an MRI
like to make sure like none of your like
nothing torn in there an x-rays for bone
I think right I mean I mean every time
like IQ I get questioned on a video I
feel like I don't know and I'm pretty
sure like AB x-rays for bones only I
feel like that no I don't think I mean I
guess something could be broken up could
be fractured right like a stress
fracture clue is stress factor okay
we're just going to wait and see what
happens but I would back what you know
if I say context I'm pretty sure I've
got this right like an MRI would show
you ask because it won't pound it's
really coming from you oh my goodness
you're loaded 45 minutes
I'm see x-ray we're still here must be a
busy day for feet
did you know that little bitty day for a
feat any being that was a big day for
feet I didn't get was it in here we've
been here for like an hour and a half
they were pretty good another pretty
quick for x-ray teeth right we've been
here an hour and fifteen minutes but
we've been waiting for like morning I'm
at the doctor I said watch I'll turn the
camera on and we'll make them come in
here but it doesn't good thing it's your
foot and not your hands
we're getting a little restless for not
gonna lie I'm getting hungry
I wasn't prepared for this I thought you
know the equipment I don't think you're
gonna make it to practice okay good good
guys it's not there again what kind of
really wasn't good news for Andy not
that she really wanted her foot to be
broken but the pain is really bad like
midnight as well as deeper right and she
says that didn't you don't think you can
compete this weekend just like it's not
any better than when you didn't compete
last weekend right which is why we took
her in because she said the pain is
actually worse than when she first heard
it the bruise from the Shelf is better
but I thought after a week of you know
not really a minute like chef gun vault
has got worse because if I didn't have
the bruise on night but today I didn't I
would have competed everything but now I
wouldn't compute because the root is
better now benefit like the truth
anything the bruise kept you from
competing boots heavy from competing and
I probably could have competed
everything probably evolved because like
running but now I know I couldn't
compete and it's Wednesday and your
meets Friday and right now you're saying
there's no way so the pains like get a
seven a sense between a seven and nine
yet they said it could take four
for it all to so it's probably like a
really bad strain or sprain which I
don't really know the difference s but
she did who doesn't want to put her in a
boot because she's can walk on it
with hardly any pain so here so she said
if that's not lowest average I like its
strain here that's this year and then in
here possibly discussed stress fracture
or what was a stress fracture but she
said the x-ray didn't show a break but
it could have a stress fracture too but
I that confused me like I've been
telling everybody I thought it x-rays
would show fractures but she said it's
not broken so that not going and she's
not going to put her in a boot because
she can walk honey and laugh it well she
told the doctor she could walk but when
we walked in to the thing she was
actually she was kind of limping she
doesn't like but I don't know so I don't
know what the plan is we're gonna go
talk to coach Mary probably no vault and
floor would be what I guess are staying
off of it it's the best thing you can do
well if I'm not completely involved for
a while and I can t do can you compete
me I don't know and you had to go in
there and she said they did because the
doctor said if it hurts don't do it so I
think the dilemma is like what do we do
does he not do anything or I don't know
well more answers okay okay bars all
right let's go in there and tell coach
Mayer she's gonna be happy that you're
not in the cast so that's I want me that
leash is great you should tell them put
on get put on a fake great cast I guess
calling it with a Sophie and then like
might have believed it me okay with
everything cash like use leap and girl
and she's tired gosh yet school and then
straight to gymnastics pretty much for
the nap in between do it home for like
an hour
very girl hmm come on we got some
inserts of the doctor recommended we get
for her shoes and then obviously lots of
ice but miss Carrie have the other
insert know that's that's hot water miss
Carey's trick is heat for a minute ice
for a minute alternating back and forth
seeing is that one thing and you get to
Sarah sighs I can get her to another
state and get a Harrow let's go to
background what do you start with
she's your cold how does it pull me to
going good good Can I grab one question
how call did you get it ice cold
you know mommy I'm afraid to go too cold
you HOT your visibility
you're cold huh yeah but I recall they
said it should like burn like your world
mmm no eating on my couch messy and
really knowing you come go away
everything here okay feel like it's one
minute one minute and it's not spending
time one minute one minute sir okay hey
some candy hmm
you took my life ready uh-huh
dunk just gonna help you out a little
either like you made it crazy Joe
oh and she got the crutches out just for
fun because you know everybody likes to
have crutches and so you actually have
to have cut to little rascal you spot
the pothole you have my name you HOT my
hair without cooking it looks gold this
is to try to get her to be able to
compete this weekend she thinks if he
can compete being well know we said okay
so she did her series today pain free
because she's three Juno one switch
she lands her series with the her foot
that's not hurt she was beautiful foot
hurt yeah so what about a lands her
series with the foot that he doesn't
hurt so but she can't do a round off
because that you can't hurdle or round
off London City which sleeps you can't
do so she basically could do the hardest
part of her routine but she can't do any
of the easy stuff because I'm following
it's a very warm like it's not joining
under English which it feels good for
like two seconds and it hurts again it's
like ah my tea so this is what miss Kari
did for one of her sons our oldest son
oh it got him back to his game I miss
Kari does it for her dancers probably
not doing horrible no I'm not favorable
how do you know what if it's better by
then what if all staying off of it
you haven't tumbled or done vault since
when since Thursday this is going to
continue for a little while and then
we're going to get ready for bed I feel
like there is something I'm forgetting I
needed to clean the kitchen
come back for a question of the day when
you're done with this because you guys I
got a brush her teeth and shower and
bays and get pajamas on which is what
any leader went to pasta bake Italy
she's supposed to be in pajamas right
now the hurting
a great bun no going on like look look
at your bun looks like the most amazing
bun that I've seen in a while
okay guys so I'm in your face now
oh you have a face mask getta usually my
face mask you do continue on if I have
enough okay so I'm gonna do it overnight
one refresh you take your fresh your
face if it golden white so it's a rinse
off one I think in the morning I did not
like this that was horrible so today's
work really nice um suggest should do
that one it burns and it burns
I want video through this one okay I
would so nobody's need to rinse I guess
I just put it on and it does dust my
skin I can get peels off so we also
decided to put these things on so slow
good Hayley wanted to try and dad done
it hurt so bad really like so bad I
don't know anything that kind of gives
like a gel or something yeah I just hope
put this investment down our lotions so
we should be wrapping up all all right
what's the question of the day what is
your favorite memory my favorite yeah oh
you say the Caleb um I would say every
time like he celebrate his birthday
present I'm good at one well we're doing
it this year so don't come from Berlin
another question today is what's better
memory by my gosh see you tomorrow love
you thanks for watching but always
remember to celebrate life hey babe
thanks for watching
miss hailey
