time for repair
so it is Valentine's Day or Kirkuk
executed and it's our Valentine's Day
party at our school that's why I don't
have a uniform on and we didn't have
time to get a compartment actually not
so we are doing it in the morning and
we're going to the Valentine's card all
right guys so since we waited till last
minute to do cards they didn't have any
little cards so we got full flash cards
this is addressing
love
I suppose you guys heard of my fail of
not getting Haley's Valentine's Day
stuff this morning look but in other
news I'm numb my mouth don't get into my
nails don't finish me no those we know
doesn't um I have dental work those
morning and oh yeah but in other other
news we're going to get Winnie but
picking her up from physical therapy
slash doggies hey guys if you want to
see something really cool go to
yesterday's video and you'll see Winnie
on a water trend how'd she do I want to
do that foot it well it looked to be
that they had a spoon with peanut butter
and they were like making her walk at an
amazing I thought it'd be funny if they
did like the old cartoon and they made
it like a string that came over her head
like they do with the donkey's and like
the carrot smell Corina and they had the
powder hangover food so he can never get
to it that's funny
at one point on her nose though which
was really funny cousin she was like and
then after we get Winnie we're gonna get
Danny and she is super super tired today
and gonna come home and do some school
and maybe in that home from the gym this
morning and waking her out this morning
when I good alright my mouth is like
really starting to be I'm getting
feeling back in it so that's good I'll
do it now although I know I'm tired too
I mean I'm sure you guys can see in our
faces how tired we are we love to catch
up on some sweet right about now look
what he did to her shh shh we treated
when they were hoping he would be part
of the bad dog and they wouldn't take
there's a
she look like didn't you yeah I think it
doesn't mean
you like you know hey Winnie Winnie Hey
oh thank you it's my eyeball
oh good morning
What's Wrong winning all right now we're
going to pick a nap and be right on time
he's got some kinda game Oh Sammy
laughing all right Susan you win is that
the leg her left leg right her legs look
good they look so good here in which I
can sing it looks like looking Poppy's
weakness
yeah that's what she did while she was
there 18 to Waterton she did and here
and ate her own leash yes give you a
treat mom no he get it into two pieces
right here yeah no I'm doing a walk she
forgot that they took her on like 20
blocks over Gotham we take good care
where they're probably just got act all
recorded many want her back oh he's up
oh my when yoga because they do you stay
calm
we're in titling this one this section
of the video everything that hurts on
Amy thank you that I got hit by a show
good right here from landing short on at
all right here for who knows what
right here for who knows what this is
tight right here
all right here is also hurting and right
here because you know what time skip
psycho hunter still hurting yeah not the
one you thought was broken yeah still
hurting when you do this diary I mean
like the little bit oh you can barked at
haha hi little hole dog what Donna
Oh Haley look look how cool what you
doing doing some pronouns we stuff mhm
yeah and some nouns what's a noun it's
an action or no wait if your mouthful
you may not speak you don't know what a
noun is yeah if you not learn that in
second grade you cuddled up on the couch
and you're lying about nouns or eaten
pink pink
alright you document any Oh Scott you
fine can't clean up it means a person
dog think what are you doing how's your
dinner happened are you seriously hurt
oh my bad
I thought you're still being goofy is it
the bad foot the other one so you're
gonna walk around like this hey what is
that
is going like that it you know what the
doctor would say what's up up yeah
okay so Annie and I are about to go
upstairs to do some unboxing if I do I
don't know
I do not know why I started a lot of
lost art and I said started really
horribly I started started talking and
an awesome but it's a P tonight because
well honestly we like pizza and we
wanted to order some that's why it's a P
tonight okay and mainly cuz when it's
hard to cook on night City as I usually
go live hyper oh geez
oh yeah I mean you scratch my belly so
you guys we went out and we took some
more pictures oh yeah we had a little
mini photo shoot
yeah since Annie um decided to UM bring
her hair
we took some more pictures to document
that night oh my gosh you guys want to
see Hailey's Valentine's Hall hang on
hold tight look oh she thought she
getting technically you got all this be
thankful and grateful and not wrathful
you brat full baby girl I know daddy
won't like it
you looked really even when he said that
I know the camera on you but really you
guys funny and we've got to put that on
here was that it public snap that we did
or did you like send that to your so
people have seen it
okay you guys look at all she got hailey
is there something from a boy in you I
do something for me oh did a boy give
you a Valentine's we're okay
I mean I mean and this program you know
all the boys have to give everything
look at all this Valentine's be
Valentine's Day wait the Dalton all that
hey I'm smart cuz I'm a dog what kind of
list money do you need yes alright we
hurry up because we're literally going
live in 16 minutes looks real and I feel
like we're not ready
Haley's having an awesome hair day
like I'm not even being sarcastic okay
we're live right now and Haley's
entertaining us all Annie
Trigon outfit watch how entertaining
Haley can be wait yo Sal ink okay can
you see me here she comes
cut was it quick drink up all the skirt
fits well yeah if you feel preppy I hear
I see cute okay we got to get off the
vlog now because I got to pay attention
to what people think
alright my friend Haley is going to do
her unboxing so stay tuned to her
channel cuz she's going to open this box
right here we're getting set up
I hate a beautiful you already opened
John yeah let's good try my friend will
get this good hot blonde what really
good
oh so you guys go over to Haley Channel
le Anya Haley LeBlanc and subscribe so
you guys don't miss this video I don't
know when we're going to get it up ASAP
oh my gosh I've got to get your meat
video up and we're all through and I'm
pretty sure you've never scratched
before some people are saying that you
scratch so comment down below when she
scratch because we don't remember a
homonym little bi fabulous community is
uncommon tompa love you think she's ever
gonna be like yeah yeah sighs you are
you want to film this ourselves like you
want us to always a room uh-huh
Oh daddy gives us a in you guys are a
team or something we want to be part of
your team as a family sassy be with you
you broke her heart on Valentine's Day
all right so where will come in the
middle of yours yeah anything ugly on
your couch and I know make you hyper to
something up if you guys missed that
lively hyperacute up a brush alright my
friends we are ready to go shall we
we're going to bed after this should we
do a question of the day now or do you
guys Hana
yeah I'm going to take oh hey G don't
pull her on by her arm watch because you
won't but it might hurt her okay
ng I got a good question today you have
an alien dolo dog or cat yeah we're dog
all the way are you dog or cat you'd be
like huh it is a real question
bang dogs Haley you said dog all right
guys that was a fun day like I was I was
pretty tired I thought it was Monday all
day today
again that's two Tuesday's in a row that
I thought it was Monday um what's on the
agenda tomorrow I don't think I know
right now so stay tuned and find out
not while you're behind them cool you go
leave gymnastics early and cut out
horseback riding until can't perfect all
right guys we will see you tomorrow
thanks for tuning in bye ah she's
looking and daddy like please save me
from this crazy person see you tomorrow
Haley are you ready for this was your
idea you wanted to do it tonight I'm
like I don't know if you want to do it
tonight so it better be the best video
ever having Valentine's Day we'll see
you tomorrow
happy Valentine's Day I love you bye you
love already remember to celebrate life
hey babe
thanks for watching Chris Haley
