so we're getting ready for school and we
looked outside and it's snowing not
really sticking just stuff only smelling
all your school's helmet the snow day
kiss me are you ready what do I do with
you here hmm
all right we're in the cars go to school
I need the cars go to school and I love
how we are yesterday we're all like
insurance at our old Ford or bundled up
it was 35 at 35 today this now is pretty
much already melted yeah we're going
today where
good night so you excited or pretty
tired of traveling yet you know all
right guys we're in the parking lot and
when he is ready to go already
he knows where we are you ready to go
hang out with your friends again get so
excited when we get here she starts to
like fidget and go back and forth let go
thank you for going far away
welcome to the day that we get on an
airplane again we are doing some final
touches of dressing as in putting shoes
on and next well first we guys say
goodbye to the dog when he's already
been taken to her that that did the
surgery she's been staying there so they
can you know do some physical therapy
and make sure she's safe and no one has
to watch where they like give her
exercises for her knee and these two big
old goons mary-kate and Danielle are
going to come watch so that's the plan
we're going to go get Annie Nia and Sid
the Kid and we're going to head to the
airport
daddy's going to go lock the Pookie duck
you bag again they go kids it did hug
fiber give me a big ol kick you know
they're gone I know my copy you can yeah
we don't love them at all you guys not
at all
they're not our favorites all right
we'll miss you you're going to come
visit you mary-kate and Danielle and
aunt Melissa good night see you on
Monday
hey guys no one car and we are stood hey
Rafi mica and you know the drivers
and your important work from and I'm
hungry and pANSA feeding me that going
yeah so yea medgar effort my little
essay is inimical mood today hmm
no guys are gonna fly on opposes Sydney
and I were the fast one we win it is
freezing out you guys 29 degrees it
feels really good in you where me you
look miserable
it feels so good in here I almost don't
want to come to show pretty it said dad
yeah I think I have to cut it off we
have a foot injury shelf at the gym fell
on her foot today and she has already
her she put her butt a couple days ago
to him so she couldn't fault or do for
today
that's going to be fun for the meat I'm
just going to suck it up and just do it
hey like I'm competing sorry but I call
it a shuttle in there they look
comfortable but cold here we go my
friend
we're going to catch a plane I wish this
was a plane because the moment you're
getting on a plane in the airport house
all right no one's judging you me up you
guys I went to Santa Monica Pole way you
want to listen to the strike the long
line at Chipotle and they're out of
cheese we hate you daddy might get you
anything here Oh see
we'll go Daddy go chicken they didn't
make any sense maybe there's just a lot
of people coming through the airport
well so I'm figuring out that maybe just
maybe hey said hey that may be this
Airport has been super busy and
everybody's got a thing
look at you guys making healthy choices
I want to come sit over there
and a cookie like I'm so proud of you
guys for eating so healthy busting out
the cookies commercial I don't know it
would happen whether there's a it is
freezing out here
we're forwarding you guys you know
you're traveling with two money bags on
the flight attendant is that all yours
no kind sir it is not online some kids
that I know up there don't like to push
thrown back you can't see it could walk
in my view of the dutiful children here
on the play I guess you got me your
communion just gonna be up here she's
just saving seeds we're bitter attacks I
think I'm going to be some schools and
we're talking to me about the thing that
users want us to have no hard edges of
you what an amazing place
oh are you look at my posse hey Evie no
guy I just know my man I'm in like three
researchers crazy watch okay and one
send I'm not like a waste of all that
makes women play with our children and I
kind of like these equations um excuse
me ma'am we don't know you
oh yes we do just kidding we're on a
plane be doomed we got we got parents
with us
well on our first trip it was after the
girl we don't know you got friends
we got Mick hey hey next to us you got
those three girls parents Mia's parents
and Mia's friends hi stranger
now we're it's not a full flight we're
coming I think the connection may be
what are you doing I think there are you
okay this is a no whining plane what am
i doing with her foot which she's if
you're taking a picture spell verified
what oh goody
yeah Mia things where the money is and
all the way number since we lost cabin
pressure monitors Ronkonkoma
technological Donna vessel as it usually
says it pleased that so he knows about
me a pretty story success would be less
secure
Oh do you think is really dude isn't it
a long time
we're finally moving that's my hand you
guys you guys I'm seriously gonna have a
separate license
I guess I separate you do Oh giggles up
there same yay and your vector-c you're
sleepin like a disco in here we gonna do
what are you gonna do
and Lewis again
you can enjoy you've got the wrong time
have a sit next to them now but feel
sorry for me
so there's been a sleazeball do it he is
like a kid word Haley Bertie
in
see the bathroom
that you're in creepy
village
we are landing everybody's having to
wake up
scheppers some of us are still sleeping
like oh my god
like they wanted to go back to sleep oh
now we're turning one back we didn't you
got operate under the shuttle a B C and
terminal 3 containing 3 to 3 but where's
your back
Oh your father's got it and her father
no her father's got yours
why do you guys even bring your own bags
I just thought you left it on there on
this place quiet
you see this video
no I just see it so good I heard it was
really good and I'm trying we're all
tired we just back to the hotel it's
like 2:00 in the morning our time right
and they're like everybody's going out
in Vegas right now they're all like all
dressed up
and we're like let me go you were saying
Phoenicia and there's so many people
saying like look at these over we're
like look how much you just caught one
dollar
probably yeah pretty little house Oh are
we gonna be over the weight limit
hey everybody hey how's everybody doing
very important for you to have the most
room doesn't good stuff here release me
all new exhibit and there's no very
common and no one smells guys we got
adjoining rooms so double this and he
was walking she loved it she has three
distinct so therefore you've seen this
hotel before so pretty much have already
done the tour then I get into that room
yep
here's the bathroom you guys Rock a
toilet with a phone in case you need to
make phone calls
a mirror has your room over there
good everybody happy so here are the two
beds and then you come down here into
the living room and you get a drink
triple the price but when you're thirsty
off of Lane it's worth it I'm going to
drink that and then you come and you see
here do this is not an advertisement for
coke
this is an ease hi we're going to ice
you have to put it on because I can't
whose we're just using that for ice her
she just said her toes hurting we're
good that's the point
what why little ways here oh it's one of
those I guess we're drinking it now yet
you've got to put it on for a few
minutes there's ice down the hall we are
all waiting here for room service it is
12:27 local time all right Annie
Annie's going to do impressions
do ya thought you're supposed to just do
it we're going to get Ella's I said
again
yes place your charades or something
while we're waiting for room service to
get here what kind of a weirdo I get it
- bang do that there we go awesome we
switched it up okay oh yeah good thinkin
you can guess
a woman a pig
it was snorting you guys Billy that guy
soldier no military but not a name just
a seal okay I just hold Hagan all right
thanks seems like she's like this don't
breed you see ya with the like return
Thursday just another like ah she said
like the seals I thought you meant like
that
he missed antenna so I was like oh my
god still the Navy SEAL Douglas like I
was wondering why you're comparing us
animals
alright what's the question was I did
today
anybody got a good that's okay but just
that we haven't done what's your
favorite animal impression
flamingo tell me your impression so
terrible and present girls what's yours
y'all remember the dog very Halloween
Haley what do you like to - guys a a
bunny a pig I'm loony right so we're
hunting down the room service guy oh you
see here I'm not joking this time
it's been an hour you guys alright
alright my friend so our food is here
Jerry yeah so that's where we end this
video and we're going to be up to just a
few hours bye good night see you
tomorrow
okay I give about 30 seconds to eat this
food before the lights are going out and
starting starting three seconds ago you
know what I just don't know when to stop
filming because we're back to show you
that we got extra bagels okay that's a
good thing and then some Mongolian food
over there it looks good all right
so delicious cinnamon raisin bagels
better be the best begley you've ever
had always remember to celebrate life
hey babe
thanks for watching
Vic Haley
