hi for Miami
good morning guys I woke up like an hour
ago you still find took a shower I'm
doing school and all the now the
commotion behind me is them cleaning out
and stuff like the dollhouse it's gonna
be I can watch some Netflix tonight's
gonna be amazing I am having trouble
with math reading not because it's like
actual math it's because it's like it's
weird it's like Shannon Mars Beverly and
Bruce each work as a doctor lawyer
teacher or a farmer from the quiz world
who decided to be the farmer now how is
this man back in the truck and my
friends or recycling next week is
getting all the donations but this week
we're getting ola the trash makes me
nervous I've never been here we have to
back in he told us where to come that's
loaded with trash
our stuff is going to be down there soon
stupid it out all right I got a help we
had an old broken death
Inez that's why she got in England has
broke in the move I'm kind of fun yeah
don't oh cool
they're like working don't wait yeah we
can throw that out later okay
um I don't know that I'd be like working
out here as we're doing it don't throw
my bin away whoo
now we're done bye-bye boo I mean okay
so mommy told me drop the camera I've no
idea why but this is for you any idea
what it is mm-hmm no idea really what is
it you really don't know no I actually
don't know mommy
nope I'm already weird don't think I
know what it is yeah I know what it is
if you smile whenever is called laughing
that alien fish what's the nice that I
left down there carelessly
I don't know where yet here let me get
it out for you okay all right Neville
we're living it now go check it out what
if I slip passing passing it you're over
a million take it with you all right we
came early to Jim for a private oh sorry
I'm kind of a little thing and roll the
clip to private
hi nicely a thank you oh I mean I like
all your leav but this one's a personal
fave all right so she's going to take
some medicine her foots hurting have you
hurt her foot yesterday
way to go Annie hey wait come here huh
did you um take a bath in the talk
I'm the room schools not really I just
got my shoe out so extra comfortable now
that way I'll practice possibly you here
Oh seriously all right surprise yes it's
like crock-pot Cream of Chicken type
thing with bread well and cheese on the
tub my daughter's death yes you do
she'll end up feeling well earlier which
is why this thermometer is out yes here
no she I thought she did I gave her a
little kiss on her forehead and she felt
warm but she had just drank a cold drink
it you can deploy him on ahead no I just
love this going on over there she said
she sprained her ankle at school doing a
cartwheel today which would make you
have a seizure there was two problems
that we had and I'm sorry I didn't vlog
about it we were running late and she
was always really I feel like I you know
I used to not always run late
knocking rubber your father
okay so dinner as usual
do we all tell him what the doctors were
hardly Piper alone I refer they didn't
say they did not even word fat they said
she's five to seven pounds overweight
right ladies gosh I'm so surprised to
hear it
Johnny you're causing seven pound open
awkward one
okay you're not there look at our tail
that might be some exercise yeah
cream of mushroom you sure you know
where your mouth yeah she had a long day
you guys she had an you our private can
watch some Netflix how to barter you
horrible no I'm actually a little member
haylie just got home from gym and we are
trying to decide what she's wearing to
the banquet hi don't look we already
decided what Annie's wearing this is
look number one I would let you guys
vote but we should have done it a couple
days ago if you guys are going to vote
so we're going to decide on our own the
shoes are for sure Haley's picking her
outfit based on the shoe so we're trying
another outfit on we could do an
Instagram vote on to an Instagram vote
and what remember to thank you my
friends Wow what do you like better
Haley pick number two right one I like
this one in person better but I feel
like the picture that I just took you
look better in the white one very
interesting we're gonna those verses
which do you like the white one Billy
which one do you like I like this one in
person soon they ask you all right
you're going to do whatever they vote
right I think the white one might on
Instagram I'm going to post it right now
I think that the white ones going to win
because I think it's photograph better
but this one I like in person I think it
looks fit to better
hmm huh what
no no cheating no dessert pears for
dessert pears look what they made and
school you guys what is it hmm
it worked magnificant why'd you say nah
hmm can you put magnets in it yeah
what's in it me mm-hmm sale fine alone
oh that metal yeah iron filings hey can
you stretch it out and do it yeah maybe
not we can do this real quick and that
tattoos got to come off before the
banquet Oh PS that's what we're picking
outfits for the banquet I don't know if
I said that I did say that sometimes I
can't remember did you pick it up there
it is there it is okay now show me what
the slime can do can it pick up the
magnet yes it can and it takes like an
hour to melt that how do you make
magnetic slime with magnets there's a
warning do not use magnetic slime on
carpet or other surfaces that it can
adhere to use caution when playing with
it and use your best judgment always ask
your parents permission before taking it
out of this bag you guys didn't ask me
yummy day hmm where the magnet inside of
there hmm
cool no oh where UK I'm gonna move it
okay move okay
oh well no I'm scared
oh sorry whistle I'm gonna get dressed
oh yeah you can eat yeah I'm okay
anyways can you attack it's time for the
question of the day and you can see that
Annie's really tired in the question of
the day is what is your favorite room in
our house or your hell no your house
yeah I mean in their house my name is
Miss funky my pick my favorite song and
the places were there to hold ok good
don't forget to comment down below cuz
we want to know stuff question of the
day is what's gonna live in a house baby
tomorrow
bang me tomorrow bang always remember to
celebrate life hey babe
hey thanks for watching with Haley
