time for my morning directive we just
pulled up to the gym you guys oh you
need to car beat I think it was coming
off the seat like you're not buckled um
yeah you guys it feels a little bit like
Monday morning to us it's really Tuesday
and it looks like those 547 LA times I
feel like when you're there more than
two days you just let me is hear me yeah
taking her necklace off it's stuck in
her hair that's good
they're quiet today you guys are so
quiet Amy
feels like Monday we thought that's our
theme for the day feels like Monday I
get it
I was going to drop off dance money but
mr. Chris was going to do it I'm gonna
go get the dogs I thought you're coming
out to me anyway oh oh all right Liddle
pick up all the food cheese oh the
animal pick me up early today no you're
stayin you missed today the gym oh here
comes the other yani face and she
flipped and flick she got she went to
bed at 7:30 why can't you do that oh
well just leave yeah any kind of get a
plate last night you can't address like
it was only 9:30 LA Times will try to
stay on with those kinds of her head
back yeah don't get too addicted to this
time zone we leave in 48 hours a little
bit more than yeah two and a half days
okay look I just win back a little Piper
and Gigi
welcome home which I don't want to pay
attention to me too busy look another
window we got um I'm gonna go drop these
big goons off of the house and then I'm
gonna go get Winnie
because mr. Billy is staying at home
with we got appointment with people
dropping things off and fixing things
with the house so he's at the house all
day so I'm in charge today of getting
all of these guys and then hailey and
then Inez I'm going to be doing a whole
bunch of running around picking kids up
and picking dogs up Whitney they hate
everybody look who I got now you guys
whinny whinny they have eight everybody
they'll miss - are you ready go home and
see your sisters two of your sisters
your doggie sisters your human sisters
are not there okay oh my god my god
Sophie you going in the pink doll room
is it counting here boy
this account TV
yay I'm going to watch the free handing
and I'd be like chef Aaron so it is
super warm outside and I just made
pancake Nutella sandwich they're not
good I made good
I made really eight of them and then I
matters for because I put them together
and pretty much all you do is just put
Nutella in your pancakes mmm I just got
a jack by the door how are you like I
was trying to get in here acting acting
first so you got a lot of gloom yeah I
had to go to two places for that gloom
because the first place I went to only
had one blue who's that keep going
Scooby up I got everything on your list
and reboot well all the things that I
knew we had laundry detergent camp and
we have to contact solution
that everything good yeah neons
I'm acting listen wanna relax a little
bit I didn't really get I add left okay
this is really limo business now
uh-oh the bad not bad but um it
literally took me three minutes to get
ready to this morning would you fall
back asleep
yep you're like Annie I was like yeah
you're like almost time to go mmm every
morning I wake her up when I say are you
waking up for me to go downstairs now
and she goes she says yes and I go
downstairs about ten minutes later I
always Annie or you just to make sure
are you awake and today it was like no
other she's like oh yeah and I was like
I was like yeah like I mean I was like
you know it was like I'm just gonna wake
up here and my shine and then like a
literally I thought is like two seconds
later you have what woke you up you when
I said oh I so the second times almost
time to go like it's almost time to go
Annie I was like oh okay no so tired I
was like oh sorry our time James it's
Harley I didn't eat lunch so laughter um
miss Carrie so two o'clock because I
wasn't hungry no it was really 11
o'clock so so you go relax you're going
to do me I'm you know I don't know how I
got you guys okay so I'm gonna relax and
then I have an acting lesson there's a
30 minute straight no I did Haley has
one for 30 minutes and then yeah while
she is doing her acting how she's doing
I'm going to be making slime on my
lively
once it fails to cook yeah and top of
the loop and then we're gonna throw it
away come on II play I'm gonna play
noble goals of best friend no more slime
with glitter almost got you to glitter
glue and I'm like no today we will not
do it it's like these sprinkles
definitely but I heard that like if you
don't put it in if you put it in um
after the fact
it comes out but if you put it in before
you like put the shaving cream and the
borax in it a laundry detergent it does
come out up but I don't know if it's
true so if you guys do know this I am
trying to live every Tuesday and today
we are doing slime last week we did a
messy bun tutorial and face mask yeah
yeah the week and we also got the emoji
game oh yeah
which is fun a tune into those because a
lot of times
but if she couldn't I wish i screenshot
of their usernames and I could like go
and check out this yeah I want to come
and be like oh I wonder if you can be
like oh you can place you know your be
on some nice rally if there's a button
where my Beatrix so it's going to be a
fun day I'm really tired I've been too
windy yeah ticket without time tonight
to cook dinner maybe is around a
challenge try panhead Wendy's in pink
and white it's like I'm like musically
fingered so that's why I normally hold
it with my right hand because I'm saying
because they're having a camera like
with my right hand so I know if I can
take it
like literally like my Tiki is cricket
for musically I'm not kidding
oh yes I wanted a frothy ancient hmm I
started thinking I guess about the
frosting a buzzy thing
oh let's plug your phone in this time so
we don't have an almost dead phone guy
okay I should also ensure my necklace
off and if there's a bunch of little
charms woman so I've got four times on
there and you're collecting some so I've
got the original the some print so
there's that one and then I have retard
it's a heart with the crust connected to
it to finish off the heart and then
laughs it's not me I have a script that
says
um I can do all things through Christ
who strengthens me
yeah Bible verse and who gave you that
remember Janie don't ya hey guys so we
just got out of the windy days dude look
at the tiny softie so and you guys gonna
try it so I get my chicken nuggets
my weight is taken I get from the windy
frosty I don't know if it'd be good any
other place but it's not a windy it's
delicious
he just got done I'm Haley parent okay
I'll just do another on the Skype it's
pretty cool I just did it going it's
really like whatever you can get a
sandwich and it's nerdi minutes and
she's done any minute now we're gonna do
enjoy wisely wash it off he's gonna do
her thing with Daddy
oh boy I've got like one minute more for
were supposed to be live it's the part
that they just ran forward was for an
eight-year-old but not a good experience
so yeah she's actually sending a tape
them for this part Haley's gonna send
her than two probably okay there's
nothing on right now so just turn it on
and we'll get everything ready in a
second Oh take the borax okay turn your
phone on guys this was crazy jammed all
this in because he could only come get
us right after gym that works perfectly
all right if I say hi to the blog camera
Haley just joined us she's done with
what she was doing we got this line
going it was not a veil
separation how long did how long did it
take you to make it about 20 minutes
I'm going to verse 9 look she's digging
in you guys
oh they probably want to see okay I'm
gonna make me Martin help her oh thank
god
can you even put it down don't you just
leave that one right there what's up a
good guy and and then get the other ones
out
Mike won't you go wash your hands and
then get the other ones out so you can
charm off that one can you can show that
one from just right there
did you see what was in your um in the
playroom yeah I just want to see what's
going on down here and around the blog
Ashley working starting to wear come on
anymore so everything here pick that up
beautiful flying foot in uh-huh what has
Apple TV and so you can watch Netflix
and stuff on it okay I'm going to be
kinda like that okay you'd help me with
math is it like these problems already
and like haha you know well how it
happened alright exciting to them it's
like quiz two signs which goes where and
something to like it's like Deborah is
in front of such and such and such and
such is not last you want wanting to
like find order and I'm like I don't
care
because you can take multiple way let's
say Bobby motive lon
wonder it bring it well what's real
what's six emotion so you can ignore
three at that point you can fix them up
with it
six goes into three so that's why you
ignored the forearm Allen because fours
don't pay the multiple over work so it
eight goes into so for to owe me to
teach ml yeah sure you can a little bit
from okay here we go
miss Hong wait I'm not ready yep get my
plane ready okay I'm ready yeah I left
it answer whoo that's important
I feel mr. haire less at 8 o'clock a.m.
mr. like Harrison har-ee or AJ I are
like hair I'm kidding you kidding good
no I gotta go check when did he leave 8
a.m. ok and it's having 50 miles per
hour
ok miss miss mrs. had a wife left at 9
o'clock and I'm sorry she's 5 miles per
hour
mr. and mrs. hare are traveling the same
direction what time will it be when you
visit have first passes because she's
going faster but she left
I'm I guess an hour why would you
guessing oh my gosh you guys are math
wind finally some math I can actually do
maths not my fav you guys their vision
division
give me reading or editing papers
spelling those are things that I'm good
at math like math don't you so they're
doing math over there
we're doing math everage the air
cleaning the kitchen as we're doing all
this hot
good day although I thought it was
Monday this morning when I woke up mmm I
know how to do long does this long
division I'm not long division just
division right
short division do you do you ha ha so
weird well we moved down here for
homework popsicle and homework that's a
sucker I got a question today Haley law
already went to bed and I just realized
that we hadn't said goodbye so what's
the latest you've ever worked on
homework he just tickled me I'd say good
night so what time is it look she's so
focused on our school she's not even
listening to me which is fine because 10
10 o'clock was the latest and he's
probably ever stayed up doing homework
she's finishing this and she's going to
bed so that's it for the day a long one
not tired I didn't want to be done with
school gonna drop out okay sixth grade
dropout it's fine just kidding guys it's
not fine she's not quitting alright guys
we'll see you tomorrow comment down
below how late you've stayed up doing
homework we're trying to get this little
girl caught up so we just got a long day
ahead tomorrow too so adios see you
later
more specifically see you tomorrow I
want to remember to celebrate life hey
ah by game basis cake day thanks for
watching this Haley
