today what is it is this a surprise for
me hey everybody we got an exciting
announcement see that astral van what
this was delivered last night after we
wrapped the video up so we did end up
getting a car so we are already needing
it dividing and conquering I'm taking
Annie she's got some recording to do in
a studio some new songs and Haley's got
voice lessons with Daddy hopefully they
take a camera I don't know if they'll
remember then we're meeting up at the
studio and going out to Santa Monica for
a photo shoot so literally it's 9
o'clock in the morning Sunday and Monday
it sounds like days off and then we go
home soon so gonna have lots of days off
and everything settling down now so
we're gonna start scheduling in days off
got it okay and apparently Annie's
bringing the ukulele
I got a punch the address in but our
days getting started so here we go sign
us off without Annie I want to just get
those lines after it just in case he
wants them does he only sent this for
her to do you might as well while you're
in there just sing along good luck
moving on to the second song you ready
though you're always tired
are you ready to go sing like this no
well you don't need it that's fun
a little Bharti my mind told me it's
under that blanket over there that's a
little birdie from my mind though mm the
only blanket yep man what a little
birdie in my mind
ESCO nope let's go let's go sing you
know me sing for you Yin so you can hear
how it is no I'm still tired and then
we're gone and thirsty and we're about
to go and for a singing she's gonna
leave my phone okay we're doing this
I'm leaving my phone remind me because I
usually forget going you have how was
singing for you she's been singing a lot
of auntie songs oh yeah it was it was
cute are we gonna be Scottish day it was
good yeah I think I did it
yeah your oh yeah from from brave
okay I'm gonna look at the exercise that
we
we are done with singing lessons we are
bounced to go take a photo shoot and the
Pierre Santa Monica and um right as we
were walking down a I didn't tell you
about this but did you see that dog
didn't they kind of look like peanut
butter peanut butter peanut butter it
kind of looked like peanut Matt and
Rebekah dog so we're going to take a
quick little photo shoot like it
actually is really quick bye guys
thank you this is Ella bye guys
annie is wrapped and we're gonna do a
photo with Ella real quick Ella's gonna
be in the picture
Wow welcome Annie was in here for one
hour and a half we nailed it yeah cover
those up these were the lyrics I was
like me good job okay was Ella's
Instagram I love the mini pit you guys
go follow Ella the mini pit she was a
great help she sat by me when her ear
comes out to the side that means she's a
happy Oh so we got done with wholesome
which had a lot of little words and a
bridge we're now because we got done way
smarter than we thought
we're gonna go meet Haley out in the
parking lot cuz daddy brought her here
could figure out where we're gonna do
hair and makeup hello Haley our original
plan backfired because Annie got done so
soon Haley was gonna come over here and
I was gonna do her hair well it's not
the band no no no I drove in this the
silver one but it had different okay so
um but Annie so I'll go do her Haley's
hair and makeup while Annie was
finishing because um I better do Annie's
hair I mean Haley's hair and makeup well
Annie's getting her hair and makeup done
there was some confusion about the photo
shoot but anyway long story short now
we are done at the studio and I don't
have anywhere to do his hair and makeup
so I feel like we should go home makeup
yeah but that trying to like the house
is the other way than the photoshoot so
we got a backtrack of you okay we're
just gonna do it I'm gonna stop yeah oh
my gosh that's the daddy that's daddy
okay we got it we'll be back guys
all right Haley's getting pampered we're
double teaming and he's gonna do put a
little bit of makeup on and I'm going to
do her hair so I just brushed it and I
think we're gonna do like big curls so
I'm gonna like straighten the top curl
the ends so we got to get busy cuz we
got a lead here in 35 minutes
that it's going to take over an hour
probably an hour and a half to get out
to Santa Monica mmm
so we'll see in a minute update hair is
done I haven't pulled the curls through
yet we're gonna let them do that they're
fighting yeah there's something on your
nose so she's got some big ol curls the
lighting is horrible and the makeups
almost done we need mascara I'm like lip
gloss or something no these are not
where's our turnaround sweetie those
curls this is a food no it's gonna be
here soon we had to order some food
because I didn't have time to fix
anything for lunch and we're all
starving well mainly me and I get really
grouchy when I'm hungry so I'm trying to
the mama not be angry yeah cuz they've
been Haley quit laughing Haley
what should you love it everything I say
here
all right so food should here be here
any minute
we're packed we're ready to go we're
gonna finish this and we're gonna shove
food down our faces and then we're going
to be on our way to Santa Monica
laughing y'all ever heard of the what is
it called baking Annie's baking right
now this is nothing I'm just stalling
let me see it no she's not gonna let you
see it yeah don't mess up the hair
auntie-ji listen here's the messin up my
makeup the whole time like the whole
we're back we're back with more vlog so
we came down to the pier and Haley and I
are standing in the Sun theoretics the
pictures you need what no sorry here can
you hold that Haley I'm putting some
earring water one there don't want to be
found is there get in there
no one
Thanks
show me your best pose in front of the
fish
walk away slowly
no one noticed no one noticed the loud
noise
yes
what you're hot stop your acting is
really starting to get good cuz it is
not gold I know and I'm trying to film
you know it's cool you just want to show
your cute outfit oh this is not hot out
here that is not I mean it's not
freezing
is that better hailey
No yeah take some selfies over there let
me take some pictures of you on your
phone for Instagram see this is why she
never has pictures for Instagram we are
gonna get some of those no we're not
going on right they get the first
choices but it's for like exclusive
things well you're making me dizzy
can I just take a few pictures of you
that's so cute
like fully but your one condition
what's the condition I'll give you a
piece of gum okay no we're not writing
religious event seven dollars a load of
cartographic theme okay all right we're
gonna get we're obviously gonna get this
done
I'll see you like should we do a little
miscue use the up and down buttons oh my
goodness what are we doing we're just
taking a picture look right here but why
does they press ok to continue
okay look what she did she got out of
the picture okay go find them I thought
we had time
wait for it to print seriously she's
hood we gotta go find them with it
printing
yeah so this printing
I wonder where they went
don't worry now let's go find oh there
they are
that was good timing let her have some
let her not all of it hey Liam just make
sure they're not gonna use it still
thank you you're gonna have some just in
case they don't they need as a prop so I
got you Hayley that's enough there'll be
plenty let's make sure they don't need
it starter yeah she drove in the front
she's like a little excited from down
the street down with me we dropped Annie
off at the house and she's okay but this
is what is a frustrating part of LA like
its street parking we're parked by the
sign that says no parking it says
8:00 a.m. - no parking ATM JPA 892 sirs
and today's Wednesday but then it says
except with a permit and I have a permit
I have a temporary permit so we're gonna
go ask at the studio we're gonna ask you
I just don't want to get towed right I
think we can park here but I'm a little
nervous that the cars are gonna get
towed but we're gonna go ask because it
says you need no parking just learned
how to open the car door right I think
we're okay a little world who can we ask
I'm gonna ask the people at the
photographer because her studio a.m. to
8:00 p.m.
like no parking Monday through Thursday
which today is Wednesday and it's five
o'clock so it's definitely no parking
says 8 a.m. to 5 p.m. on Fridays and
then it says except for / it permit
exempt so we're exempt because we have a
permit what we haven't we have a parking
permit but I put it in a window at the
temporary we think we're ok let's go
inside and ask the photographer ok let's
do that I don't want to come back out
here and I just gather into it so Haley
does some right is so cute Dani what are
you gonna well I was a sneak peak when
he already does not back oh yeah
hey you're over there okay we'll get the
next one to sew her hair and makeup done
you'll see her hair and makeup after
when we are on our way home for sure but
maybe she'll let us sneak peek how'd you
like yours my oh wait guys do you see
these
my eyes are pitch black brown they're
just dark dark dark dark dark brown do
you not see that they look store on
camera
hope that's that's weird
then the seams when shirts and skirts
don't fit and you use a pin
what's going on here with non bubblegum
right it's chewing gum but we're gonna
try to get a bubble for the for the shot
have you gotten two bubble yep I'm still
trying to get jewed up I got this kind
of make it legit a little sneak peek I
didn't want to take it off sobbing did
it oh I'm so tired
yeah are um a few years at six and we
ended it like 7:30 were just having to
eight month or something
I was done after like 6:30 I was like
take my pictures and let me be tired we
leave a couple 7:30 you were done at
6:30 you should have told me I've been
like who's calling who is it tsunami
watch we're going to get my vote it's
cool oh it just plays it yeah anywho
zzzz I'm gonna go home and pack for dogs
you guys are gonna go home and relax
operative go home and eat yeah that's
pretty much I'm not usually a morning
person but I've been getting up early
I'd like to interviews today also yeah
and I recorded a song sweetie hi and why
I asked you here to Flynn oh so wait
your
ype is five es or something yeah you're
beautiful now yeah and recorded a song
and a hat well a song on a bridge why oh
why are you guys singing Christmas song
almost drops guys seriously we come we
come but all our junk
we're Annie was serenading us with the
ukulele ukulele wait we already talked
about that today it's been a long day
like any anything I say they can sing a
song about it I drop something okay okay
guys we're gonna get ourselves upstairs
look like wait give him a really good
look on that
eyeliner so the lighting good I got it I
got it
smell oh it's not delightful Haley's
still got the cotton candy I'm so proud
of us we got everything out of the car
oh no because when we have like a new
car it's so clean and it stays clean for
about a week
I'm like no food in the new car and like
next week we're gonna be eating in the
car do you know what I love it when I
walk in and I see a missing box so as
he's been cleaning
if he's like not for long cuz we're home
yeah it's cleaner I said cleaner what
did you clean up drawers okay more plate
that was complaining that we only had a
couple bowls they're always dirty last
part they're not gonna get this Oh
surprise for me where are my shoes yeah
where my shoes Wow awesome thank you
thank you thank you say thank you
I did say thank you thank you you did a
good thing
we'll just wash to my face me about 15
minutes to do my thing cuz I've been
adding stuff to my eyelashes Nora lately
to make them grow and stuff grow I just
look like they're growing okay so so the
question of the know we need we need
something skin care we need a miniature
dance party no we don't we don't need
that you can have a minister so much of
the day time my skin is kind of
improving Oh Mike I'm proud yeah
improving yeah oh thank you for right
there
I'm working on it guys I'm working I'm
look except for not to put my earrings
back in now oops
is your eyelashes do look long though
whoa
they look like fake eyelashes whoa
wonder how your hair is like brown but
it's still black
Thanks um question of the day you're
gonna drop the question but Haley put
your head in here
someone screenshot this I might post I
don't know wait where we go we're right
there I'm totally gonna post that on
Instagram really one two three what is
your favorite your favorite oh the time
of the day time of the day or my
favorite time of the day is at night
time oh yeah when you finally get in bed
when you finally get to get in the bed I
agree to like FaceTime FaceTime
people-watch yeah I would say the night
to or the morning no not the morning Wow
do that double chin moment oh you do a
double chin Mon it looks like I've
mascara on me Annie I promise it's not
mascara um don't forget to come down
below expand another person day look oh
my goodness yeah bye bye guys see you
tomorrow remember to celebrate life
potato baked potato baby
thanks for watching
for tailee
