time for retiree good morning Los
Angeles I think the Sun is going to be
out today see some blue skies up there
the Hollywood sign is barely visible and
want to see what's going on behind me
and who the waken is not these two
cuties are awake daddy's getting some
editing done over here we have any his
awake Oh Mia is a week I love you is
still sleeping good morning ladies
everybody's awake no alarm two days in a
row it's going to be a good day we're
slowly going to start getting ready
gonna have some breakfast and get these
girls ready for two events - outfit
changes what breakfast is served
can you imagine if I like made you guys
breakfast like this every day
I mean I just stepped outside whip this
up brought it in for you who's is hot is
apple juice is no one doesn't look at
the base claim yet now except about the
chocolate milk of Haley I don't speak
property oh that was mine okay if you
give it no I'm just kidding we all
getting red carpet-ready
no wonder she look like rid of it
without bro oh I don't know what we're
doing it
Serena I'm gonna be like they need to
walk the red carpet
no I couldn't get into this bathroom yet
cuz these through your Haggadah I did my
hair right here and that was difficult
so once I get back into the bathroom I
will finish my hair okay guys we are all
ready Haley's getting ahead and in bed
we'll be all ready to go our outfit my
outfit um
laughs shoes on but all right now
daddy's outfit was your New Year's
outfit
Kennedy's outfit the Rosenberg place
because I'm just saying yeah she is a
beloved we are already we are black and
yellow accessorized and finishing
touches putting shoes on Oh grabbing
bags posting music Lee's posting
pictures that is what's going on
she said I'm a bike can you be great and
didn't post any of them
well lighting that's behind nothing will
post one okay
are we going Riley did you take pictures
on the carpet yeah so we're doing early
tweaking I can teach you a new business
comm probably around some young doesn't
only want to car mommy and daddy
rollin yellow I was just you to go
behind my bun if you'd like in the run I
just use I feel like I like you I can
out I know that me in here you're
calling me no cool for those of you who
get back in yeah thank you
we can cut your hair yeah yeah
in get using crutches I gotta go down
I'm Mia hey hey remember me pal but I
can yellow yellow look Indian as
you to chew radio should I go to make
you a yellow carpet
oh we're good
we're totally good
what could we move into yeah Gillian and
Evan on the carpet right so we'll see
him a little bit maybe we've got any
more drag
always
okay before we go into where my cameras
got to go off we are about to see it
it's going to be so good
we'll see you when it's over okay my
friends we are done with that what did
you guys think
hi pretty careful how many times did you
laugh oh honey yeah I'm kind of Haley
wait wait I've got a question for Mia
Mia did you cry right now
okay there was no animal note that
animal that robot thing that was gonna
go oh yeah that was a robot so it was
really quick cute but now we have to
switch gears we're now headed to the
Disney ball yeah we're going to put on
our Kiki chic outfit and head over there
back at the hotel
everybody's getting their stuff in just
a mom Miss Tennessee knows where
everything is I can put a little bit of
curl in it if you want a little more
waves yeah just look first hi everyone
ready to go
I'm sold already where you're so funny
let me go
and what is concurrent this right
like come here
turn it around vinegar am alright auntie
turn let me see the whole outfit a nice
spin around let me do the whole outfit
down to the shoes Nia tummy hurting oh
he is ready to rock it nice me up Katie
does it around pity I love all the hair
hey guys that's a wrap on our first song
of all what's wrong with everyone
fantastic roll the clip all the pictures
of Antigone how are your feet high your
feet that good huh guys they're learning
that it's hard to be fashionable
I got you Mia I got you oh so we're
waiting for our escort to get your
little Katie down can we go with you
let's follow a painting and if not he'll
tell us where to go you guys that was
awesome
we're all tired and our feet hurt but
that was amazing fun how's it going back
there girls really amazed good it's so
cool to see all those people because
like it's like a non because yeah it's
like even a character but you see them
like actually they do you feel like you
know them I feel like I know Cody and
you yeah no I meant like when you first
saw them you're like so here we're
friends there's been proud like right
now what do all the time I see my best
friend I did all again I might have a
couple days three nights hashtag hashtag
real life what happens after the party
who can think of the best question of
the day how do you be preparing whoo
and had you ever met somebody famous
looming all right so we got to questions
because of all the things we've done
today makes a two-parter video so what's
your who's your favorite super villain I
mean is it the Joker who we saw today is
it Jafar he's pretty much a villain to
face favorite villain Hey
the penguin hey this is a good question
Haley my mom was here that's true and
then the second question is who is them
have you ever met so many famous that
you were just like oh my gosh I think we
can say that tonight probably not
everyone but it was pretty cool tonight
we met swimming pool and I made them
really tonight but oh well it's all the
people that Dan don't ever enjoy yeah we
did you never using everybody looks
super nice everybody's about to fall
asleep
oh my gosh look go really instead of
boring Ross tonight we're going to do
some room service we're going to close
our eyes and go to sleep so this is the
end of today tomorrow Six Flags with
another special guest that you guys have
met and it's not just home but this is
how excited to you guys would I see then
for her C or C or in it or the dog
supplies oh I'm going to play it cool
hey stay tuned tomorrow it's going to be
an adventure we'll see you then
everybody gets upset take your medicine
take your medicine what is that guys
good night Ellie remember to celebrate
life hey babe
thanks for watching with Haley
