time or Rick Perry you guys everybody
starting to wake up on their own did
even I did you sleep really good
I'm not surprised yet the only one not
awake all right we got a stir this
morning
eating breakfast or about to order some
breakfast getting five girls plus mr.
Billy ready in one bathroom
I want more cheese please everyone you
sure May oh just kidding she's good I
only want milk so pharoah that down one
this is what happens when you cram six
people on the hotel room right in here
in front of tiny Homer hears a noise
me either
if someone's hanging out in the bathroom
you guys have got to see what's going on
in here we got Billy brushing his teeth
we've got girls primping Danny blow
drying her hair but it's getting Haley
hey I was brushing Haley the air but now
Annie's kind of like what are you doing
so yeah retching is oh my god watch that
Katie got her foot up we are a sight to
see
oh my goodness crazy here really hit on
30 minutes he's gonna do it again don't
luck oh no I know you just think get out
the door you guys I'm gonna say it again
I'm very proud of us six people one
bathroom out the door in an hour and a
half bad not bad and one only had one
and one only have one like one good leg
in the memory one two legs at one of
them you know so here we go
I have a key to the room cuz I don't yet
very much save the day
alright Inez just now finding out what
happened less than a great oh wait I'm
coming
I filmed a little bit about it no going
on but it wasn't smoke in the hairspray
and that's what's possibly coming to
bring some things you slept through it
it was ear piercing and anyway and dude
you had a heart attack did Katie thought
we were going I'm an cosmic Moshi it was
better than you were that word eyes are
awake to any other of 99 but everything
was fine but our locating yeah I'm like
no we're fine Nia had to get like
whatever energy asked of my attention I
do tell my friends is good luck you guys
we're hanging out the division
headquarters before I would open up for
Anya I don't want to report a sec yeah
yeah woo for friends of Ben I mean look
at our oh yeah per Daly bracelet look at
all the ice song that was cool note her
know her she's lying she's funny
I am yes you guys know he was giddy
you're on there
oh yeah we're going to get you on this
okay fun stuff I'm here Oh stickers
I'm a happy girl I'm gonna grab a
sticker oh yeah just get comfortable and
they love stickers
okay look at this little guy oh hey
Danny I believe they were to being
handed in this direction teachers all
the rest
oh my gosh right I can tell people that
have gone oh yeah I definitely needed
have hair you do is really kind I think
if I get attached to it maybe this one
that's being firmer oh my gosh nut mom
Oh every mom yeah it's a song it is mom
how does a mom alright we've moved on to
YouTube space drew it oh nice you grab
my dojo don't be shy go ahead do you
like what do I do
wait room but it is the coolest video
look oh my gosh
very good a little rougher maybe we want
even my a lot yeah we need a solution
anyone to seems to like doing waffle and
in my dreams
make up we're getting a tour you guys
over here
I am she saw me so I think we're good we
needed to film here and now there's like
boomerangs going on I believe this is
the one I just got our tour I filmed a
quick intro to a playlist of termina
please really look at it and then it
will change the director I don't know if
you can see it but it is drizzling we
brought the rain here again oh you can
actually jump the landing maybe the
problem oh my gosh oh my god no no no
feel this week yes I can is alright I'm
a pack mule I'm good at it I end up
Katie
go ahead Katie we are back at the hotel
and I don't know what plans yet we can
we can go walk around and be tourists we
can stay back in the hotel and magnetic
ring everybody coolest a min ago oh okay
alright
should I heard in the cop car right here
so I figured that's what they wanted I
decide love our cars and pilgrims my
stuff yeah so here's part you're kidding
talk about having words mixed up asking
about the pill talk about the pilgrims
and just like fantasies or whatever and
I said I mean I haven't you said Mia and
my parents are like she doesn't know to
another than I said so I left her house
opinon and
don't start laughing I'm like why dad
okay oh yeah and I always raised my hand
and I never knew the answer you need to
say anything and when my Padua daddy
like pink polka so seed well family
doing this yeah come on yeah yeah yeah
all right it's a little bit clearer now
oh we can see the sign it's not night
none it's lit up
lit up by the Sun that smugness got out
today I think I said this last night but
I wonder who lives up there on what
they're doing right now
sigh creepy probably going to happen I
wonder you deliver really not out there
dreaming right now we're filming we're
going Olli was good at this oh well
we're in holidays but we're going me has
never been here they're already out the
door waiting on us and we are going to
go up to you and show Mia like the
Hollywood star and hopefully be tourists
and that's cool
we're going to get our picture done with
our crew here we are not wearing green
so we won't look crazy don't want the
holder injury floating head yes see with
the floating head can I borrow that
laughing
you
he looked like a broken family you're on
crutches and she's got a bum foot making
our way back right now we are headed
back to the hotel room because we have
Vanessa coming she's suing our yeah
she's doing she made our clothes design
I think she made some of it oh and why
not a like getting man like she I think
she got for some of it we're meeting her
in the room and we have an event
tomorrow it's a Disney prom you guys
headed to the Disney you're wrong and
you guys the theme get this is a formal
TV seat formal TTC which I don't even
know that even means animal prints
encouraged so hence the reason is the
reason we had somebody stylist of time
because I don't know how to do that luck
with everything
Vanessa brought Hayley are you ready
waters in my purse
yes you may I'm excited to see nearly
distance yours was you know making
crafts made Rattrap losing ha ha ha no
matter but everything else is put
together for the fabric has no stretch
to it so I didn't finish sewing it I
want to make sure I want to do a
difference on you
wow I really do yeah is the one you're
wearing right now hmm
it's totally Kiki chic formal Hey look
at the back
Thank You me it is a two-piece yeah
oh cool I love it oh my gosh
I'm Alden to be super cute shoes you
want to wear oh my gosh where do we not
do Oh Susan Webber channel your inner
sports and that's what we're feeling
right now Green Bay winning that game
against dollar day winning that's what
we're feeling right now
holy cow oh those shoes are really cute
oh my god in there yeah I mean one of
the I'm dying over here
oh yeah those are cute oh oh oh my
career's user I really like the other
shoes too though hailey you need to
start thinking about we want if you want
your hair straight curly or straight
with them big curls Mike probably hey
guys what you guys didn't just see as
Mia did this like effortlessly doing
anything yeah oh hey back up allow for
the full effects no I knew it
alright now if you'd ready for you yeah
we're pretty wild here we go yeah hey
you mind huh oh yeah mind if I wow
thanks really
yeah yeah you ever let your boring life
yeah by Gorillaz cuz you don't man yeah
the chocolate work out it gives me hope
can you have to hold her life there grab
your life
there is no grab your life is burning or
an attorney yeah okay yeah mine yeah Wow
take it over
not even close ooh on Oh sweetie it's
really like a change we're going for I
don't know dude the guy really fast
don't disrespect hashkee well however
glass is a only way the wrong way oh my
gosh oh my mom is the traffic if you're
excited inside this vehicle well there's
nothing in the know the light because it
got to get back over to kind of get
those cars yeah
I'm just a red car yeah no it's not yet
in the truck
I gotta go in the left lane although the
cars have to move out of the way come on
yeah I want to keep it hot didn't even
miss damage I love it I absolutely love
it look at the hair I picture like big
curls like the loose knot bags like
loose curls
and maybe I'm a cop so here's one I like
that pop I love that skirt I love the
shoes I can't thank you I love the
bracelet I love the necklace turn around
you my love the skirt
I hear they break Hawaiian Jen around
turn around
that is amazing all right oh yeah I got
you do me some in the world watering
4000 fantastic that's not embarrassing
at all oh I got your daughter than a man
yeah that's really weird
you going oh man that is so weird
Katie's turn that amazing oh my goodness
please holder so what is a play golf is
lots of branches Audrey Mabrey Anthony's
like that that looks good I love the
Macklin
oh that's one more up my own you make
mice if you like it - yeah you have no
idea no I love it
all right I'll be back in my next up
have you seen that I caught it oh yeah
okay well I find it wait a minute
so would you drop without these dinky
little pebbles and bamm-bamm which one
do you like Katie I'm exposed a lot but
because I like to feel better matches as
well yeah yeah I love this Wow so if you
guys didn't know they're going to a big
event tomorrow
can you sirs we've been fitted as a
wonderful Vanessa no Tommy he's Mia
Stern you guys huh
it's like coral thankful is flowing in
the wind
those shoes are great with that Oh Mia
oh yeah
go Mia that's winner there's low I build
right I'm saving that even you oh my
kind of flowers I like the boss - I like
- losing any borrowed hurt in his neck
oh well I have everything and good
morning I love this beautiful 500 years
Wow hey whoa I like better than ever to
feel it out see what I'm going to wear
this one pocket
oh that's me I like that happy mrs.
Overton all room that much my favorite
oh this is just all a lie alone that my
neighbor's anyway column is a pilgrim
gun all right guys here you come that
looks nice actually whoa whoa simple
animations a little and you'll match me
bowtie in black I like that alright guys
we had a successful fitting everybody's
happy but tired or white we're watching
secret life of pets and we're discussing
what the little ones name is the girls
at lace neck that's right yeah yeah yeah
nailed it so the question today is
what's your favorite movie since you
know we're watching a movie
we're
she's doctor you named all seventeen
what's your top though Harry Potter and
ecology animated alright fair enough
all of them all the Disney that's like
hundreds what's your favorite movie girl
I don't know I lost a movie home was
good I walked in movie I'm like oh yeah
this is my favorite me and then I see it
as horror I'm like nope this is my Haley
likes middle school and I forget what
the whole name of it is but you guys
know what I mean worst years of my life
so Mia likes every movie that she
watches every movie she watches her
favorite movie until the next one oh all
right are you guys excited for tomorrow
- pretty big event I also got clothes
for both of them it's going to be
another long day but that's it my
friends we're all going to go to bed
we're going to watch this movie we're
going to turn off the lights
and we're going to sleep and we don't
have the way up to an alarm probably
because yeah oh you didn't it did go off
alright that's it you guys if you don't
hang out you eye until the does bed
that's what we're doing watching a movie
and hanging out what's what we've been
doing all day
alright we'll see you tomorrow adios
I'll wait remember just tell a bright
light
my job based on babe thanks for
watching Rick Haley
