time for my good morning you to the
struggle love is a struggle how loving
all right you guys recently we got a day
full of school again
say yay will yourself to be excited to
get some stuff done
today's February first and she's
supposed to be on week 18
it's okay Annie you're catching up and
she's on week 16 it's okay yeah because
you're doing a good job think of how far
you come in the last how long we've been
trying to catch up two weeks probably
you were like on weeks twelve
just got up yeah you can't sleep in yeah
but you can't sleep in when you're
behind yeah Piper
alright so eight Mondays at school and
we're going to get some of the snacks
out Gigi looks like she's about to fall
over on your mark get set go
go go go go
she's not going your guide oh yeah true
pickle starter
pickle starter and you better get going
Tibor get off the couch remember no
thank you
under the scheme and I've done like two
weeks so far and it's only ten sixteen
and we casaya yeah not two weeks of all
and nam is leaning the wrong size Miami
so she's gonna go shop for some shoes
 I do more school so I love you with
the camera like diamond too but I'm
eating breakfast which is weird ten so
some reason I haven't been eating
breakfast but Alice was bored because I
wanted to eat before I actually went
back that's actually I'm eating like eat
turkey and cheese little roll things to
shove it so I've been doing an Oscar I'm
gonna do more after I eat my stomach was
starting to hurt Gigi get off the couch
get off the couch thank you okay guys I
got a pretty good grade it's kind of
hard but we good
so I moved on I'm caught up like not
caught up everything but like I'm on
week 16 for everything now I'm going to
go as far as I can for language as you
can so let's do that
okay guys you decided to meet for lunch
I was out running errands and these two
met me and he's decided to do some
school
on her phone she's never tied up the
border guard a steak restaurant and
Billy's having tuna hashtag weirdo sorry
about commas you guys hash tag weirdo
explanation I know I realized I was
thinking punctuation are you learning
about punctuation or just comment I was
helping with fault I'm showing and all
punctuation is important meaning not
just commas with your favorite
punctuation mark
at La Maison look like that is Benny :
I know I just don't know how to use them
battle almost durable dad that you know
that's curious
she's failed that you got here about you
today
what's my song not that old I can wear
it Jackie
oh yeah weird sweatshirt no how did we
but as the Daggett so we went to eat we
got some steak was delicious mommy ate
with us was you had to leave because you
know she's got to get so much shopping
done apparently fairly you need like
four days of shopping not really nope
she's getting like because she's getting
more outfit than you could ever use on
one trip
you
look guys she's out me cold she can't
get in hoppin so I just fell asleep in
the car sounds the plans for tires right
now you probably don't know or you do
this mixed up on mistake if it Tripta at
school and I'm my head hurt so I'm
taking these ethical medicine we'll call
them okay management and I'm going to
Kim today's I'm really tired I don't
know if I'm gonna make the practice I'm
tired
girls came in and laid down when he came
in and sat she's so excited this is our
daily Winnie Winnie love the others have
to be outside we do let it in a little
bit together but when we just get home
they're kind of crazy and we just
literally walked on the door so they're
outside when you gotta just sit there
and shake you're missing there ya go
Winnie how are you feeling better
how are you feeling no no quitting when
you you can't jump on the couch I know
Piper it's not fair uh oh you're so
excited yes Hayley we have hospitals why
do you need a popsicle you're not sick
you're tired and you're feeling better
you said so yourself so this is what
we're going to be doing tonight just
relaxing Annie Mae Mae to school to say
though if you can see you're shaking
your head but we're going to relax for a
little while she's going to have some
downtime her blankies been upstairs all
days the first time you've had all day
yeah
so if she wants to do a little bit of
school before we make
the bed's like an hour and little weird
omec weird Orson herself is feeling
better so yay
Winnie where are you
Winnie come in here walk walk walk walk
walk walk walking feet and she actually
can do that we want her to put a little
bit of weight that kid that's her that's
one of her exercises except with a treat
see how she's kind of leaning that way
to the right didn't have as much weight
now on here we do we want her to put
weight on it welcome to our fashion
closet do you see a theme going we're
going somewhere while we're in LA this
weekend actually are going to a few
places but one of the places we're going
we're doing black and yellow so I did a
little bit extra because Nia and Katie
are going with us and just in case they
didn't couldn't find enough black in
yellow those are mine either Annie's
choices and I can take back whatever we
don't wear got you some converse so we
need to kind of go through look I got
nail polish black and yellow oh yeah
sure I got you
pants and here what is that that's like
this is I found it it's not really that
black and yellow but it could work if
you accessorize like that would kind of
work could bring out that yellowy gold
they're probably too big or seven and a
half on sale my friends know there's no
way they're too small you were how are
your feet sweaty and swollen oh it's
because those tension she's squeeze at
the time she's just going
you're just a weenie over there really
great
crease of her not even down there
so can we say where we're going sure yes
no they're too grown-up for you hurt so
we're going to a premiere I know what
you guys do you need to comment down
below if you can guess what premiere
we're going to I got accessories and so
I got some extras in case Mia and we're
going to bring it on
what premiere could we go to your black
and yellow that's too much Tyler
statements for beer all right so we
really need to narrow this down to no
that would be too much
tomorrow you can we need like here pause
focus bring your energy all back to the
black and yellow we need to narrow down
what we're going to wear okay so that we
can show what the options they might be
yeah hi maybe they'll fit Katy and if
not I'll bring it back does she as well
I'm bringing back anything that doesn't
fit you can try it on see if it fits you
you'll need a cami but you can just use
this for now and we'll have more usually
as hard as a cami no it's good just be
lazy look I've really oh you are totally
blocking yellow and then so right now
they're trying on the same shirt but two
different ways to wear it and then the
accessories will be different you can
kind of pull it out a little if you need
to I don't know yet come over here so
let me say she'll be here nice oh that's
cute yeah at kilt bumblebee not feeling
it yeah I look like a nerd okay
there's but cute nerd there's yellow
shorts and I think I got you a black top
have to find it or you could do this
black dress with yellow shoes leftover
pizza do you think she looks like a
bumblebee Oh daddy just suggested a
black jacket
I like that oh that's cute here's your
so it's really real pull off the hopeful
georgian you could do that i would even
think you could wear this over that put
the dress on and then the sweater over
it why what would you be doing that on
the red carpet but you also have the
dress you know how to try it on if
that's what you're going to go with I
like it
can I get anything well we've tied
dresses up before for handstands we're
pros at that all right
stay tuned for where we're going do you
guys like my dad I finally did my room
what do you guys think this is the
blanket that we had to pick up yesterday
it's finally my turn now I gotta get
things on the wall that's been there
ages really spacious how much does an
aged I think a year be here's footage
Haley you are like sick I mean you are
like red hero that's Gatorade chief
she's feeling better the medicine was
coming out of gymnastics early good
medicine cures everything so I'm hearing
pizza for dinner tonight and want
Wendy's and I was tired so mine eat some
pizza and question today
oh we had not been discussed
Mike ages what's your favorite are like
high doses or fruit or vegetable what -
vegetable away like that benefit next
for fruit them and what might a few
cumbers them look today with fruit and
what's your favorite vegetable
Barrett fruit color a mango or peach woo
or strawberry yeah my favorite food is
strawberry and my favorite vegetable is
a cucumber all right broccoli and
asparagus oh yeah that's good and rice
okay no good come down below cuz you
want to know the question today wait a
non full of it what is your favorite
fruit and vegetable funny hope you had a
good day or night or whatever whatever
bye guys thanks for watching see you at
the model Odin footed liquid Haley
brought me home from school cucumbers
are founded some eating pizza and
cucumbers but always remember to
celebrate light Hey
ah Bank
hey thanks for watching
miss hailey
