time for my pain hey guys so I just got
done with practice we will actually I
swapped out a dance but like the
practice was before left and we're
working on a neat dance before the
recital so it's really good what song
I'm not sure is that it was it's like
now I would sing on a popular song but
it's like that was I feel like it was
one of her girls who grew up and became
a singer Oh ask me about that he's like
I to iTunes and staff so we're doing on
of those songs going to a lyrical image
as one we're working on the lyrical of
course I'm in front in the center so if
I mess it up
I'm doing a press handstand and I'm also
doing like so I'm doing pressing your
fan to Pat pirouette I'll show you how
maybe you guys can watch grow a pair
away come down into a splint I and then
I roll back like this and then years of
an aerial over me
Wow Pina is doing her little not so well
but you can't go to the feature with
like while we're doing stuff she's doing
like something else not like not with us
they're not like she's in the front so
it's not like she's in the back hidden
yeah just to clarify when you say of
course I'm in the front you don't mean
like a person as a friend
no I'm like course of course if I messed
up it's going to be bad to you within
the friend yay great in the front but on
the view a pretty dress and panetta
blonde wig really no wow you guys really
were putting blonde wig line and now I'm
gonna go do some more school same old
same old
if you can't lie behind I say we because
I'm right there with you um
I got your back so that's what the next
week oh I love your house on your house
your day giving me so me mommy are about
to run some errands
oh don't and we're going to the first
office because our packets package has
been delivered and we're going to
whatever store to get parchment paper
because we're making
or making like a Christmas happy
because I deal with that nine
weird man video should I need to put you
yeah all right
banana oh and there's whatever you want
like health trip sprinkles and then you
put it on parchment paper with a little
board singing but we don't have the
parchment yeah so that's what we're
getting Hayley said because I have been
to the post office before I said I
wasn't even to this one huh we got our
package it's just a blanket for my bed
and kind of boring now that the girls
rooms are pretty much done it's time for
me to do my room oh he's doable so
you're going to get it for you yeah or
do you like to get it so I bought some
layups today
and this blanket today that's creepy
that door opens by itself you guys can
take a sneak peek and some pillows so
there's my lamp and like see hey Thank
You Hale evening when you plant for one
side of the bed own it for the other
side of the bed two pillows for the bed
and a blanket we've checked up one
errand now we have the parchment paper
hunt if I shouldn't be hard on that
because it's gonna it's gonna write
deals with me you ready yeah mmm you
stretching for this okay I mean roll
your sleeves up and get ready to get
dirty because parchment paper I'm sure
we can find it I'm sure I think whatever
you this recipe it I feel it's going to
be messy yeah leave it to Haley Devine a
messy recipe Haley the hurricane
I think this is the right aisle hey I
know I'm not a cooker so I'm going to
make this channel so silly right now
Oh such as black paper but there's
parchment paper I don't know
specifically what say for the things in
you know mother
the government look at the mine
with your hands about them Espanyol rule
you put it down on there now hit English
okay now stand here's the barcode and
you right there where your thumb is that
you stand that mark yep scan it
yup you did set it down you did it now
go put it the bag and okay
I'll be trying all right we're doing
let's go you guys want to see what's
going on down here in the basement
what's going on down here in the
basement okay so when I gathered is
Annie's about two weeks behind me oh my
gosh
so Annie have you been watching lately
has been coming home early from
gymnastics hasn't been doing yes so yeah
the site was down and so she's a little
bit behind which I really don't know how
because I feel like we take school with
us and we do school and she does school
every day and I think we're just going
to have to do more hours when we're
caught up we're going to pop out to put
in more hours so right now she's putting
in tons of hours and I think there's
some wild animals out who didn't want to
come in also wild so what it's a wild
you know I'm really like okay so that's
what's going on we got some uploading of
videos you're a little late today not
late I mean it's not past 7:00 but it's
definitely cutting it closer than we
normally gave you today's video and
we're going to go live we're going to
try to go live on Tuesdays at 7:30
Eastern on Annie's musically she was
silly and kicked a wall I mean a hello
you're at my shop time for any foot
close-up wow that's pretty bruised that
was today or yesterday yesterday but
anyways so you guys should go follow her
on music wait hi hi go live at least
once a week what jeopardy a game show a
source of danger
oh that's sad that we both said I gave
or so yeah when you're in life is in
jeopardy but you're going to be your
life is going to be in jeopardy if you
don't get caught up on school please you
school I'm done with school I could I
would have kindergarten twice thank you
because of my age you're so glad I did
it twice because I used to joke about
I couldn't color in the lines but no
because of my birthday my mom he didn't
want me to be the youngest so she made
me the oldest and I did it twice okay
now we're going to go spy on Haley who's
done with her work and she's sitting on
the couch watching television let's try
to guess what show I know what -
probably the Disney Channel Haley Noel
what you doing up here watching TV Oh
how's it going my friend are you waiting
pay oh my goodness did you have a snack
why honesty oh hi yes Mac mm-hmm what
show are you watching Maddie I knew you
were watching the Disney Channel all
right don't get the blanket all dirty
are you done with all your homework
yeah all of it what if I go check yeah
present all right my friends that's the
evening update we got a little bit left
in this day yes if you said if you did
all your schoolwork popping all your
homework you could do
don't wave on the couch
these days daddy stuff oh yeah go wash
your face and then you can come watch
more TV no he loves to be tickles you
guys this is the face of a little girl
that loves to be tickled healthy cookies
those healthy cookies please can you
tell because in the book okay
what did she put in her she's got a
video hold up dry oh and you're putting
in chocolate chip yes mommy
I don't have nice fruit oh but we do
have guide brain okay Colin I'm children
to Castle you know we're not on our diet
anymore let's do chocolate Judaism can
we use drive-thru chocolate chips no I
was opposed a good idea perhaps a batch
who are you watching I feel like we
should get a beauty corner she's really
get a really cool accent yeah she's
teaching us to make healthy cookies
healthy and like Hayley told you earlier
you need hope and mashing up bananas I
got you were helping however they're
doing it all daddy's like I'm sorry
getting stuff out of your way mashing
some bananas banana what all right we'll
let you know how they taste
I'm going to be the taste tester yeah
can I be we can all be taste testers No
and we're taking them to school yeah but
I get to taste one long as you're cooler
by going good again
look you guys so what's in here
all right oh yeah you guys got dried
fruit I think we definitely need some
chocolate yes I'm going to go Jesse
chocolate that I'm going to do it when I
eat them dried fruit chocolate chocolate
chocolate chocolate sky fruit hey I just
want one chocolate one one they look
pretty good smells pretty good mommy are
you making them where you just making
him make so sweet Sultan come home this
fall apart
jinx jinx again you're gonna finish each
other's sandwiches
mmm guys can I have my own taste to get
it to love Disney all right it's
decorating time so she look like she
just put like four on each of them so
okay that you don't really press them in
no film yeah I melt on there so you're
gonna do chocolate and dried fruit on
each one okay
please one will have some chocolate and
some guys we just picked as a part you
can be combined
no not really got the same size on the
chocolate job all right
you're perfect okay let's do the next
one you ready
 you
bonito mainly begging from an eva
chocolate chip mm-hmm
daddy how specific is it helping with
school you're not doing school
apparently this is a lazy I'm doing a
school so I can't get my own chocolate
chip section your PJs Barbara vested in
me in that one 40 minutes ago no like
literally five minutes ago but it's
slowly but surely chewing a piece off
making us all here just so none of the
other dogs can have it four minutes on
your cookies you hear that when deep I
can't run why she's delirious you guys
she's been doing school since 2:30 this
afternoon
you need a nap it's nighttime
this is a cookie they're almost ready
dance 5 4 3 2 - Pikachu a 1 0 Oh Pam are
they beautiful no you guys are going to
burn yourself alright winning your time
up up down up here wherever you are
because you need to go back down 1/2 my
goodness you did a good job
I got it still hot as usual 1 for Cooper
and ok Wow now gonna let them cool then
we can dig in yeah Jenna timers up there
we go yes who wants to try one it still
could be hot so just take one of the
parchment paper and I learned that
parchment paper and wax paper are indeed
different and if I had gotten it and
felt it I would have known this is
definitely not wet wax paper daddy yeah
yep like right now
thanks Haley this is a great idea mm-hmm
hmm they're good I mean it would make it
so much less unhealthy so much less
healthy old yeah it's pretty good hey
hey you're welcome good job was it
opposite velocities like hey everybody
the blog relying on if we did a bunny
you will bunnies who they're doing a
bunny in the D say yeah we're playing
the emoji game okay sounded okay who got
it y'all get him a shout-out here yet
why a dir-825 answers yeah we should
give an update we did mask we did a
messy bun Annie did that probably with a
 Direction okay so I'm gonna try
to redo my gun yeah it's pretty good so
if you guys look at her bun right now
take a good long look so here's my on
you guys saw it clearly okay oh yeah
Annie I daddy's done Haley's bun that's
my bun you guys whose buns better now
we're gonna comment on the vlog how's
your face feel told you it is Bernie we
can amend that come on I'm I'm I'm
Amanda none other is come on Amanda her
money in the line that one more thing
comment down below what Twitter you
think we she's new and you guys right
here you're what should we do on Annie's
next live stream make it electric
go ahead I think that makes me nervous I
said yeah go ahead right now Danny
within reason
yeah okay guys you got to go tune into
these live streams you people watching
right here so that you can family join
on this fun so we just finished showing
live it was a lot of fun I fed you a
little bit more school we hot
poof so before I go to bed and then you
do a little bit of some school
and then school day but that's okay I
need to get caught up Haven clean a room
I already see my room and the stairs I
could get more schools so what we will
be back with the question of the day
Haley reading into bed I'm doing school
solo question today let's for a longest
time you've ever done like homework
probably like seven hours like not
actual school like homework but I'm
counting like mine organizers need oh
please wait so yeah don't forget to come
down below soon another question today
what is the longest time you've ever
done homework okay guys see you tomorrow
always remember to celebrate
thanks for watching Chris Haley
