oh my god did you guys finally ever
having our Tesla for how many months
along drones it's driving it now is it
gonna turn no ginger
I can't hurry this job they can I think
I don't think this is auto steer will do
it's experience though oh no it worked
for the first time we got the update a
few days ago and hasn't been working
well slowly rolling out any certain
roads they add to it sound excited
entering no 11 you're driving it was
scary yeah miss Jill and mr. Chris were
in front of us were going to eat I'm
eating queso and all of it fall again
follow the onion enjoy ow
so we're very excited it's done it's
over
go check the video out to see how we did
there was a definite winner it got it
was close it was it was really close
especially because there were time like
especially I got one week with y'all
where she just like pulled away that
you're like oh my gosh but there are
definitely close tweaks and then so
we're definitely going to celebrate I'm
having a soda and then having k so I
don't know what else are the drink soda
I might have a pen we're proud of
ourselves we get it go check it out now
we all have I think I don't think anyone
though is satisfied like with this
housing this weight loss like I think
everybody's like feels that they need to
lose a little more
Gordon oh yeah we're they didn't come up
behind and I hope you shut it down
oh yeah follow you make sure we should
have gone to the other one okay all
right
and if that doesn't work we can go
wherever
that's my 30 minute sure let's try it
and you know where the K 20 minutes
board opens anyone yeah sure
all right this one's open so now we can
go eat some queso yay Payson have queso
ready
we still got five minutes oh my gosh
guys for the first time I used my
autopilot I hired you guys it was the
weirdest thing ever I didn't hit you so
that's a good thumbs up there with
autopilot I needed Sears and drives and
everything I was like I was Truman
although my god oh it didn't hit you and
you're gonna pulled up to the light at
the mall it's not behind you it's all
yeah okay was all day literally for like
20 seconds can be so bad right
I know everything about is legit your
hands and feet off of this someone
probably every running you got in the
car somehow was cool pretty awesome I
got this teacup trying to climb the club
yeah oh it's not your last peg look yeah
what are you doing with your next Club
countship loot pallet so do I get to
come watch um I don't know I'll ask what
talent were you to do sing watch here
you really change
Hey are you nervous no I am kind of well
we don't even know for sure how you
really started the club yeah yeah oh my
gosh that will that fine now I'm trying
to talk to battery life are smiling
short we filmed about our biggest losers
/ - why'd they can't tell you now happy
to watch the video uh Hayley very uh
yeah Camila excited to see you Peter I
wanna Joannie I'm tired
it was a rough day of practice my back
hurts
I call that good conditioning I had
overused
so we need to figure out if you type or
seat right there be some motrin wait at
home you can do that but I think we need
to ice it or I'm not sure what you do
for overuse we're going to Google and
obviously you didn't call it school you
think you might have pulled something
that other people finding beautiful to
me I don't know if that's what it feels
like with my people not painful
when people fold the best DJs hurting
too
maybe always we both knew we were asleep
what each other we're talking about the
lake but no one understood it yeah
analytically okay
I say hot tub I don't want to get wet
well we could do the heat your car go up
and put it on your back it hurts
all you sugar all the way up to my neck
that feel better than out
I'm not standing up so I don't know
Baumer I thought it went away during
school if I got up and heat up my
heating mat it was fast
anything the rut love that a prosecution
building I know I can do anything the
whole racket little earlier yeah jumping
on the tumble track eva peron really yes
and it's like to impact like my back
feel feel like loose - it like feels
like it on oh no all right well I would
rest of this weekend for sure and if
people over tomorrow yeah but you're not
gonna be doing gymnastics I rested I
mean oh my gosh I think the media stands
after that - oh what's a little
depressor all about - and like we got
like five minutes to do as much as we
could and like I did six and the IR or
d50 instance and how could I - six in a
row
yes it's true but I know we did 2000
said you got half you did half of them I
mean with the air some oh let's coach
David and he did Adams and the rest of
the customs what had to be done in
between me identify what he learned a
prescient through the whole day but then
people get working on them and I was
like - yeah kanjis I like to drive I
can't do a cast answer and I can't do a
finances because they were hurting even
for the 22 like I'm a struggle that's
where we get sick yeah I say you just
nothing physical this weekend
no not that difficult well your mind
page is pretty your mind think of
Peninsula and your minds you can handle
dental not on being with all your going
to be able to do it school
that's all Katie and oleic and it cut
home with Annie Hailey's making a mess
with clay again and he's icing her back
and when he's up you're hanging with us
who guy look how glad she's doing
wait you want Annie to Pat you hungry
you just ate you're still hungry okay
and then can I go to bed after I feed
you I want to relax did you want had a
long day of eating really I only ate one
meal but it was piggy piggy Pig Ken's
meal possible your pasta all right guys
welcome to the evening update Boulder
your spotty like you we've got hungry
people
we got messy people we got injured dogs
we got injured girls Danny wants our
blankie nobody to get it yeah the
medicine kicked in yet no still hurting
we can you get closer to her try
that's what happen when you've stopped
pending winning what look how good she's
walking has she been up here since the
bed been out here okay
please be laying on my bed she probably
smell balled up
so either icing way back when I tired
she's retired
oh what's the question of the day change
something you would like to learn
someday sign language no no no any other
like under a different language I make a
movie okay so don't
allene heck don't have a tongue double
up soon and all the questions day is
okay guys see you tomorrow for head
Axel's better ie always remember to
celebrate light hey thanks babe
hey thanks for watching Chris Haley
