you're gonna go in and talk to them and
see what happens you want me to yeah can
you get there one zine hey Santa Monica
the trip over here to this Santa Monica
end of the world may Danny not feel well
she is wait a second you weren't feeling
well the other day either maybe it
wasn't the car ride I was thinking you
got nauseated like carsick that's twice
okay anyway we're going to grab some
lunch here in Santa Monica California
daddy's paying for the parking there's a
diner down here that we're gonna try and
then and then Danny's going on set today
we got some chicken girls stuff working
on she's not feeling great so hopefully
hopefully we can feel better but that's
our plan for the day and school and
Hailey did have somewhere to go later
tonight but it might not be working out
it might be a last-minute ticket problem
I like diners so we're working on that
we're working on getting the ticket
fixed so that she can go diners are fun
look how cute I want to definitely sit
inside Annie says yes to sitting inside
it's too chilly out here but in the Sun
while watch watch watch it's gonna get
like 10 degrees warmer right here
this is so cute look at the peace signs
I love diners
I feel like you get transformed back
into the olden days when you step in it
dine up see see you feel it
hey guys what's up Maxie and he's still
not feeling great so I'm letting her sit
up front because I feel like it might be
the car that's making it worse
oh this feels good in this car it's warm
okay so I'm gonna just sit back here and
hang out with hey hey are we there okay
how you feeling Annie oh no poor Annie
oh the loud pop why is your ankle
popping yeah everybody's popping alright
so we are before we we have like two
hours before to be on set and we have
kind of come to the conclusion that we
need more than one car cuz one of us is
always offering somewhere when one child
has to be somewhere else so we're not
saying we're getting a new car but we're
gonna go look into three because the
uber drives are adding up so it may be
more beneficial an economical economical
or economical anybody economical tomato
tomahto cost-efficient to go see about
getting another car so the plan is we're
driving daddy and Hayley to the car
dealership and then Annie and I are
going to drive to set and hopefully she
feels better we're going to try to take
it easy and all that good stuff it's not
all along it's like one scene she has to
film we're hoping like if it was all day
I don't think she won't sing one take
hopefully so that's the plan that's what
we're doing
you're here in makeup right she'd rather
be in bed today I'll tell you that all
right we just arrived a set we left
Haley and bad Bo at the car dealership
and this little child might not be able
to film today she's not feeling great
and see what they want to do but it's
one scene so I'm crossing my fingers
that by the time her well not a bat rate
it's now she took some medicine right so
the headache is gone but she's still her
tummy that's upset
I feel Louie well Louise I really look a
Louie maybe that'll make you feel better
Louie you're blurry oh he's like can I
have some food please
all right sorry I got a little
sidetracked with the cute little puppy
dog
you ready uh uh you're gonna go in and
talk to them and see what happens
you want me to yeah can you get there
one zine the hair and makeup and
everything that involves it if you could
just go in and whip the scene out you'd
be good you look beautiful
NAT Carson why wasn't she feeling loved
I don't know I turned the camera on I
was like Annie do an update on how
you're feeling and Carson's like why
aren't you feeling well Annie's why
weren't you yeah what was wrong
I was just doing earlier yeah that's a
wrap on Louie
well Louis gets to go home yeah you did
a great job just kidding
we don't want to make people think that
he's in it you need a little cameo again
no but Carson's wrapped so Louise
wrapped look at this boy having to sit
and lay down and he's working on rolling
you're the best Lewis well Louie all I
was doing this really that's good that's
a wrap on today was the thing that her
headache went away during filming which
is good but apparently okay run she is
ready to go home and do so Haley's going
somewhere today and who will that's your
that's your task to find out later bye
do you feel no should we tell them I
forgot my voice for a second was that
weird yeah it was Haley okay we're
talking tears off
okay I'm scared
no you tell them okay we are going to
premiere a screening with tsunami yeah
yeah and um they're gonna get here any
second
no they're gonna get here any that was
30 minutes ago
we're gonna get here any five minutes so
which is gonna be like two seconds for
y'all because you know there are seconds
for y'all so roll the clip busted dinner
is almost ready and you and your father
Annie did you suck your father into
making cookies before dinner
you feeling better your tummy feels
better but your headache doesn't talk
mm-hmm okay cookies will definitely help
a headache all right so that's the
update Hayley is at a screening tonight
for Nickelodeon and Annie is gonna enjoy
the night off playing basketball
see how I talk basketball this time
instead of 2k cuz I think that's weird I
said have I mentioned that before yes
every time she plays Annie that's enough
what are you doing give me the plate
don't ruin your dinner
you just want to hold it we need
pedicures let go like you know what I
mean more solidly stop stop making fun
of my language I'm glad you feel better
be good well I should have just brought
you cookies everybody today asked you
with the director and everybody was like
what can we get you because they knew
you weren't feeling well I think you
should have said cookie get me a day off
Oh burn you haven't worked on chicken
girls in a while yeah that's true what
are you doing right now
you got something okay
so there was some ukulele playing she's
teaching herself Riptide not you're
playing stuff
oh yeah right Annie I need one here
there's no way what pages laughs how
does she do it
all right my friends I love cooking you
didn't even make them at this time you
had your father do it for you you're not
bad at all
yeah no okay I only had six Annie you
did not know like I only fixed you
didn't fix any yeah only four is her
bite for me
there's are a bunch more in there that
would have to be baked you do maddening
because you voice my father and why does
your ankle quit keep popping I mean that
was your knee why are you popping Mary
Poppins not even close to funny don't do
that all right all right that's your
update we'll be back in a little while
after we torture Annika floor look who's
home how was it let me see let me see
cuz I was gone when you got dressed miss
Stella
had someone do this and tsunami
what's this a awesome that is so cute
tsunami and hailey fort winning today
the skirt or the shirt Danny
that is a great skirt turn around it's
got like a train I love and I love
yellow all right now we have to pick out
some clothes for the photo shoot
tomorrow are you being sarcastic you've
been begging for a photo shoot we're
gonna go do that tomorrow
yes a look at cute Oh
Kela she wants to do more covers on
Instagram but I need another picture
before I post another cover so take some
pictures we'll take some tomorrow while
you're all fancy fine you have a photo
shoot - we're getting new headshots so
and like pictures that people can use
for like I don't even know I don't even
understand all this editorial or
something I've you know whatever okay so
we're gonna go up into the rooms and
pick out some outfits we're gonna get
ready tonight so that we don't then do
it in the morning right right
we'll be back at you of course we'll be
back well there's a ton of things in
suitcases - yeah okay guys it's the
question oh yeah I was so prepared and
now I'm not mmm
what is your oh if you could change your
eyes to any color what would it be
oh right question for me if you could
change a change I change your eye color
to any color what would it be
did you just yeah um Oh
mine would be hazel or green really yeah
mine are gonna be like blue um no not
like bright bright blue but definitely
more on the blue side but a little bit
of like hazel greenish more on that blue
sighs do you know what hazel looks like
hazel agree uh-huh kind of brownish yeah
like I would do a green heisel bit like
on the blue side you know and Danny
would do like a blue yes you don't come
down below excuse no no no the question
of it
yes if you could change your eye colors
any color to be by LSU tomorrow to
celebrate thanks for watching
Vitaliy
