today i'm vitaly we will be learning how
to make mac and cheese
hey good morning guys don't care I don't
think we have so I'm going with Jim stop
picked up early to do some school but
first I'm going to eat no I'm just gonna
maybe not maybe I mean eating some mac
and cheese and I'm about to put the
cheese and today I'll birthday Lea we
will be learning how to make mac and
cheese
first you pre-heat your microwave to
three minutes and thirty seconds then
you fill your water into the mac and
cheese and then you put it in for three
in a minute and then you wait plenty of
dogs that's what I did then you stir it
next you put cheese in which is all the
I'm doing oh wait the spoons on outside
we can do what we do
Cameron campus become like a cheese not
me would he Jesus food then I go I
better get all the cheese out of this
thing
pretty cool actually then I eat you walk
the walk
and there you go you have mac and cheese
mommy and daddy long anything shameless
massage chair daddy doing watching TV
probably got ha but they're really
excited because it's their last day of
the Biggest Loser thing she guys don't
know what that is it they took off eight
weeks and they ate healthy just like
lose pounds of weight they did really
well I'm almost like 15 pounds that was
like 25 or 30 something like that and
we're also doing it with Mia's parents
Danielle and ammo
that are doing it too so this is their
last day and they're really excited good
what we got pop-tarts we haven't had
Popeyes in our pantry for like two years
it's crazy we have like s'mores now
strawberry and pink cinnamon buns
favorite snores I like put them in the
toaster so much better like that for a
minute
so the Biggest Loser finale for us
andante Lee is coming up so I got to get
my hair cut y'all pretty or the video it
should be fine this last week protective
knew it was bad so we may be all be the
same late we were the previous week but
really it's all clothes I mean if anyone
loses anyway they could win this thing
it's like down to the wire hey guys I'm
vlogging come down here to vlogging any
guess what I hope they're not dog here
on this dog bed cuz I'm in black there
any thing thing is to do cool on the dog
beds
okay there's licking me and it's really
gross okay so big a go what what daddy
is gonna stay here with you and Haley
and I'm gonna go see a movie by myself
by yourself
I've never seen a movie by myself ever I
feel like I have dogs lover and my I
ever like ever
I've never not even when you were like
18 mmm why cuz you went to it with Daddy
yeah but I didn't know daddy I didn't
know daddy was a well his name again
Tom Nick way you look awesome make it
big oh hey Dom are you mad you know if
not oh I said yes again Brad no I guess
I'm gonna get no that a weird name no
normal man nope
Billy from your name okay no no I'm
caucus cat nope let us go it just ask
Sam no like a rain fell I feel like I'm
interrupting your school um anyways it's
going to be a sorry I'm breaking up with
you I'm going to see la-la-land
not a kid movie so I'm going to go by
myself his dad why am I here she was
going to go with me but mary-kate and
then wrestling and Kumble matter now
it's going to cut way down
um hey wig fiber hmm what are you doing
this girl I didn't ask anybody else I
figured I want to do this I'm a big girl
and I can go to the movies badly so
that's what I'm going to do so I'm going
to well we'll go see a different movie
that you can see later maybe this
weekend
Annie's in her dog bed chair for her
spelling test government fortress you
could smell these at home flourish giant
curious foolish honorary fundamental
ghetto halo all right you ready to go
live on lively thing is that what you're
doing I think you should I don't know
what my seeing each other no lazy bum I
can't do that
I think Katie's ready for this day yeah
nothing like you're ready for this to be
universe did you did you eat lots of up
for the whole ooh the skill can hear you
there's no collar even comes there
there's a hole yeah just a bunch of
stuff that your body shouldn't have
Piper are you done with the challenge
Piper needs to lose some weight maybe
she's going to Biggest Loser telling
MacGyver side maybe so would you say
Blaine you mean doesn't have to use in
it yeah a little girl or you know what's
going up think that as a No the one you
got the only ones you hug Winnie doing
her exercises hey Minnie please when
it's getting in trouble
god you're exercised right on the call a
doctor the herewini like it would feel
better if you a trick I saw the footage
they gave you a bone to chew on while
they did this weird say where's my bone
you've got to stand on her back legs for
a treat she will do it shoot her
don't you jump all the way up come on
there ya go nannygate to treat cook girl
you're getting good you putting all your
weight on it
we're dead hanging out in auntie's room
cuz we just did a lively Hayley kind of
dental lively she was hanging out she
was in it for like five seconds she was
like watching TV viewing way cooler
things and we were
so yeah on this lively annie unboxed her
hypsi bag because for christmas you want
to explain it or don't mean your explain
are falling for christmas i got her on
the wait list for Ipsy well and so we
talked about that and she tried some on
and she's going to be such a pro when
she's allowed to wear makeup out of the
house okay people bad household here but
not actual like because there was no way
it doesn't actually hold them in place
and then inside the bag i got some nail
polish top coat and i got some lip scrub
this is that friend is jerry pong pong
um since is coffee and coconut and then
i got some lip gloss which is method to
the madness and his red fund beauty and
flush selected wild rose and a second
bronzer hama mama if you tried it on
mm-hmm look good Haley and the lip gloss
do you want to try the sugar scrub punch
on your lips you rub it on your lips and
it's like exfoliate your lips
it's coffee and coconut I'll try it okay
you're not going to want that but not
really
how's it feel look at that that you
follow Vincent or sugars down
did you rent it all right my friend
yeah we're going to try to do some
Lively's like once a week or so right we
got big plans Haley you would do
Lively's right now no okay um what are
some of the things we wanted to do so we
wanted to do we forgot all our good idea
yeah why should I sit down yeah oh we
wonder here yeah I might retain a really
cool room toilet messy sign and face
mask location oh so now you want to join
us our lively is winning maybe next time
oh yeah she doesn't wear a uniform
tomorrow that's the no uniform dance you
guys you can all by yourself
Annie you prepare for a fashion show we
missed outfit number one but here's
outfit number two Haley's trying to pick
out which one to wear tomorrow green
leggings with a yellow shirt with a
plaid shirt tied look Anna this is the
the other one was the same pants and
like a sneeze I think you saw Darth
sweatshirt hallelujah
they're really soft outfit number three
mmm apparently we're wearing the green
leggings because you have a plot on
another pair of leggings yet she got
three pairs Alexa gave them to her right
here
no they said not extra-large
that's cute I go for that one I used to
see me getting we're gonna try Hayley
size leggings on you know they might
stretch them no that's it this is the
winner
I see it
she smells careful Qiong fetch them out
you guys were working on this loft but a
huge mess over there and a huge mess
over there but Lisa got a pretty count
and a bendy carpet oh my goodness
all right I got to go clean up we have
weigh-in tomorrow
our final weigh-in I cannot wait and
then I'm going to eat and eat and eat
this is a cute outfit I tried out this
thingamajiggy I'm not sure what to do
but I just wanted to try it so here I am
trying it it has come today I wish is
the question milady
if you cannot have your eyes in me hon
what would it be
blue blue flash green light pop oh that
is like a doll I like blue so yes don't
forget to come down below because we
would announce the question of the day
is what color do you guys want your eyes
to be and maybe if it's the same cold a
lot maybe for you really like your eyes
so bye guys see you tomorrow all right
guys it's coming off a little bit
painful a little bit yeah touch a
painful goody bag yeah water is the
reason they say rip it off like a
band-aid making my water Oh nobody had a
bonus but it Hayley's doing spelling and
he's really kind ripping this you're a
strip off no you got them all very good
you're gonna get that hundred tomorrow
rip it
you blew it
giri's water yeah good good yeah Oh
Annie does it look like it feels good
you don't even need that yet although
Annie thoughts you have some black
Kenzel on her nose the other day it just
kind of stood like that like they're
like pendel well they're like things
under your skin like black dot literally
all you got it may be poor there's none
on there I don't think you're quite
ready for those those up your there
Tasha yeah girls we got to take a trash
out always remember to celebrate life
hey babe
thanks for watching miss hailey
