hi for Rick Perry mornings in our hotel
room after a really long weekend and
before a really long day she's dressed
you guys why you've already lost two
pairs of socks I don't know
I wanted to mean ah I guess it's better
than losing like your jacket your team
jacket or a shoe for your hair you want
to lose your hair
you guys we let them sleep in as late as
we could we have a breakfast I think
that shirts too small PS bill you'll
make it through the day
hold up what I beg oh that works we're
not even going to come back and shower
before our second yeah February how you
having my hair what we sucked in and
we're going down to this breakfast good
morning ladies how is everybody this is
the overflow table yeah we have all that
crack when I bite back
you're not hey Jane hey Bobby oh my god
how did you know we were like thank god
this is really doing I absolutely do it
so good
all right it's good to have some
imagination yeah all right so this
morning we're at eat breakfast you know
special guest and gymnast breakfast here
our special guest there being special
and guests like you guys having fun are
you guys tired put a long weekend we're
going to go show the food because it was
pretty good
yummy yummy yummy pork and breakfast we
got teammates helping out teammates
Haley's cuddled up a nanny flap believe
playing horse but it's put it on their
own are you going to wake up yet huh
we're going to do a Q&A with the ginseng
Haley so any questions you like so first
of all vegans anybody have a question
so be fine don't be sad for no one
leaving Mackenzie's got a question how
are you turn end
good question Mackenzie here - yes I was
three years old and not because I love
in the Sun Oliver everything really on
Entertainment Tonight and I'm a big a
you started when your cue in the new
start is not quit and as teachers drew
up the gym running around throwing off
people happy I was five and it actually
doesn't make these photos that may be
good for my pitching arm to get a
genetic hey I am 25
I'm 25 25 hi guys I'm 25 hours a week
even for that
I work out 27 hours a week hey right now
I don't know coffee
15 is so not committing but we're
training crews are like Olympic
championships five thirty to forty hours
of yeah as in Jake
Rex look right now I'm going to knock
you the other so it's going to be two of
it so I've trained two and a half hour
every other day and saw myself I think I
retired so I know straight into does any
more time where you have to yes
whatever I did the way I was training
right way or make you dream like 25 35
hours a week so we didn't start our day
a lot of weight 19 hours yeah about the
Panasonic do like 30 thought I would use
right now for the Olympics you know it
was just like when you have yes I am
same accident
whoo teachers even Olympian no probably
not
Gilligan
yeah yeah I always really liked to play
most especially mine's already out of a
society when I was younger
inside that work he was I like fashion
okay yeah one of my favorite things
going to Washington I could reach
mountains Montana moment is to Johansen
efficient at the end the competition so
if anybody who is really enabled like
end up in binding over here in here on
three two one oh is that via at the
anime in them who seems whatever go down
the other one
oh we are cleaning up I'm packing but we
leave tomorrow morning Annie is signing
some stuff for raffles for our meetup
today Hayley is going to come in and do
it decided to do some giveaways from the
key
what don't know kind of tight and he's
going to go get Paige eek so wash your
hair this morning we just kind of ran
out of here for breakfast with meat hair
still as you guys saw awesome now where
we're going to actually get ready did
you get paisie oh my gosh your hair
looks great but can you come in right it
looks really healthy the cut haircut she
did oh my gosh Haley alright so yeah
there's a sharpie said either for the
giveaway yeah
should i whatever you want that's what's
special about it your dad does natural
highlights on here yes I don't know
we're going to be special
they're all special Haley least time
yeah let's not really it for Taylor
original oh yeah she wants chicken
opossum marinara not butter please Oh or
do you want better yes okay I thought
all right my friends I got one here's
blue Drive I'm gonna do loose curls
today my baby ate my days blond wavy
hombre Rome already you guys
Haley's getting a little stuff for the
glare of pictures right little natural
powder or doing last touches excuse me
hiccup which includes brushing our teeth
so our smile and our breath are
fantastic and it's raining outside well
so we know you need that I get the same
geckos hair so we're like winning cuz if
we were hold the other night so we
bought jackets and they only had this
one in my size so like Vienna given by
the same jacket so we are preparing to
the rain we just did our hair and you
know that's never fun to walk
Lorain after right there do you have a
problem with long hair tuck it in quit
the lining will touch up when we get
there okay hey if I staple them to my
head
so I'm alcohol okay you guys we are a
backstage we just got here we got native
to the rain we're doing some handstands
to warm us up waiting for Sean to get
here and then we're going to go out not
quite hi guys what's your name freeze -
freeze Jordan Jordan Lea and Lea and
Annie nice to meet you guys
hi Brittany Charlie Charlie Michelle hi
hi hi you're welcome thanks for coming
good we'll see our lunch process we
snuck them someone's back here hailey
come get a little bite you baby bird and
she comes back here and comes back here
and she gives a little tiny baby bite
not really huge bite hailey they're
saying hi all right make sure you don't
talk with your mouth full okay okay
anything and then we move on to Annie
hey that's a cute case your turn Annie
we love you display to show that Billy
did her hair but we're trying to fix it
a little bit again doesn't that you're
gonna fix up a little bit yeah just like
the shoe from her foot yeah it is thank
you I find a boot today a cowboy boot
and we've done that yet I thought it was
special you guys we are narrowing down
to our last of our line to the long day
but we have confirmed we gave we're out
of race lips we apologize we ordered
lots and lots and lots
the girls are hanging in there they're
getting ice cream for dinner
look these are our last ones even
waiting in line a long time where's the
end of the line shows the end probably
you guys do the end
I remember you oh my goodness
are you the furthest no there was
somebody from Michigan I talked to them
yes yeah the Rain Man
I've been waiting green economy really
we're here probably I'm going to find
the end of the line I'm coming I'm
coming
thank you were they in the line and they
let more people in going to see my end
of the line my caboose here's the
caboose hey girls
do the end how long you've been waiting
like oh I'm sorry you guys have been so
patient so patient what's your name no
coral and Gabby all right I am here
coming next week watch the eyes I plug
hi girls
you having fun being patient mom being
phases you're doing good mom we're sorry
that it took so long okay they're almost
there they're ready for you hey hey
Kaitlyn my name is Kaitlyn you're not
talking to me though you're hugging your
friend Kaitlyn okay hi girls
almost there are you next go stop and
say hi to Shawn okay tell her I said hi
okay
hello hey Katie said hi okay you guys as
parting gifts these girls are taking
home the sign from their our caboose
have made it the end of the line has
made it to the front of the line her
hair smelled good good all right get
your pictures let's do it
all right yay enjoy yeah thank you
you're welcome bye girls
oh my goodness this is what happens when
everybody leaves back and get all that
energy that you had to sit there and you
couldn't run around any other second one
probably digging in the toys yep we're
at dinner we're gonna have a dance-off
because these girls who does done don't
worry guy for not being I'm not tougher
on our own in the normal 5 dollars over
ten nine eight more seven six five four
three two one all right ten nine eight
seven six five four three two one
what was that all right I'm going to
give you guys a nice clean two minutes
to choreograph a routine together all
right let's see we got play with music
at all
Ola oh it was good good job girl
oh look at math like this is the ones
you like one - today um we'd all put
based on Shawn Curtis good
Paige says and it admitted as much
and then just oh look at that
so question today is would you rather
this kind not you what would you say
it's like a madman was the one do you
like wine like I would say white white
the guys are nice these are nice yeah
okay
life on our knees no mass can help you
start a Blood Moon another question is
would you rather this or a white one
that I'm so weird yeah because there's
no I uh
white music food as you guys welcome
your phone was more for spoken words and
no appreciation for you guys are
freaking me out what you get experience
I was Facebook so alright so are you at
the rabbit just say it I mean it's not
alone but rabbit go ahead and wrap it
just go home just messed up it's fine
okay okay okay okay all right so I would
like to take this moment to show
appreciation the love you are shows has
no limitation you get it from the part
without any obligation and I always
model any situation every day of
celebration you love the live life
I admire your vision that you never did
place leading by example is the best
buddy
and he's enjoying many winning we're
still a paradise sorry wrong I just say
thank you for all you have done it will
always be home universe and not because
the fun
sorry but where everyone was there you
seen everyone through the darkest cloud
still see the farmers a - he wrote that
thank you I think when you wrote that
just in two days you rose at all
Michigan like Bobby I don't know what's
so sweet
and I really appreciate everything you
guys always remember to celebrate life
hey babe thanks for watching this Haley
