time for my painting hey guys so I am
reading you're going to a meeting and
then I'm going to get my hair on but I
paid just to go makeup and Haley getting
her makeup done right now faster so we
pay trust that it looks weird on the
camera
it's a highlight it's the one we did one
Oh guys I'm congested today guess what
hey you just going to do my hair and I
get that light brown yeah it's gonna
make me feel better I've been need LMSs
be showing you so let's be I've been
sneezing all day since we landed not
cute
hey Megan conceit since we landed
yesterday we did oh the day before see
love it I mean I need to come over here
because the lights bad that way all
right now strut yourself
oh you braided your own hair ooh fancy
we got Mickey ring yesterday fancy hair
stuff from pain alright get your shoes
on hood we are meeting some peeps for
brunch I love it
we will had an inauguration party
history was made
it's always history when there's a new
president and matter who you voted for
history was made today what is that
brunch is sermon an awesome down Fremont
look Robin are set up let's turn that
around
got to get Mickey severe up oh yeah
you're posing is a video but okay
okay guys hey Katie died here too when
she and she and yank you a heavy door so
yeah we shreds good rain right now Cali
all right can you vlog at the same time
and let's see the skills so I'm doing my
hair on braids not sure what it's going
to look like so the crash yeah you're
nervous yeah you nervous about the color
or the cut-in de chine I was all on that
she was highlighting us yesterday when
Peyton told her how much know what
already kind of engine it is chaining
itself
yeah it's on the ground clears her hair
hoops girls in a debris oh how long the
active we're live to you guys yeah how
are you Lynn Boyle yeah they're like 15
minutes maybe all right what's the
update
okay she's going to come eat over here
that's the update we were ordered some
room service for Paige and Curtis
because they hadn't eaten yet but
Annie's done with this process now we're
what is it doing processing setting
nation looking guys if you were oh my
gosh huh okay be holy I didn't sound
like any of my children she would use a
liner half out of on me hi Chris like it
about him yeah that's my turn come on
I'm talking about boys what I talk about
boys okay Manny was purple mines gold
crazy I love this craziness it's so
shiny
um I think our beds made yeah these
deeply when she died her hair and I
wonder she thought that I will have her
cleaners have fun at tea enjoy it after
this I rinsed it really pops and then
conditioners are in the chain to it and
I'm gonna tone it Oh
going out hey yeah okay is it raining
yet unlock it are you ready
I've always liked you can't doubt
alright I am self uh no my friend is
already okay I'm going to brush it and
then you're going to oh my god slap into
your mom pot it will reveal you start
around see you can see right now turn
around nobody else Oh little sneak peek
no more okay she wants it to be a
surprise
try okay we'll be back when it's dry
okay you guys check a piece what are you
doing Brenda leave it right there super
blonde don't help lon
I love it okay that was a little sneak
peek oh my goodness Oh
oh babe a garnish no all right where's
the reveal kind of have it in the front
oh my god do you love it
yeah what there's a big blonde one looks
like just like now I love it oh did you
like it
look for this one nice long mani good
lund should be sailing around mother Amy
we're going to time-lapse but set up
okay there you bring this down right
yeah throw my hair gonna mess I'm going
to leave you up here with them yeah I'll
go bring this down we're going to help
pick up again and
actually you know what the time as cold
as I thought it was gonna be but until
you Aneesh we're going to need an empty
building and beam up and puts Jim I know
we should chill before and after yeah
what'd he do that so patient I'm really
tired right now you can walking in the
vein it was weird you're like I don't
know but Mike types
here's our first look okay we still
drooling over a knee there why who's in
charge of that I'm going solo - oh my
gosh yes Paige please sign a waiver
first please oh my gosh is there going
to be on me oh my gosh this is so cool
stop look you guys it's real wet it's
official Annie do you take selfies in
front of all you mean rotate wasn't
appealing did you miss me that I feel
like I should be doing something I an ER
there's a cutout setting up no I don't
think so yeah yeah let's go with yes see
some cool guys and you'll look just like
it behind the freezer floor I have but
it's been a long time come on Annie was
that her old gym we used to set up
everything they put down and yep so
those beams are crazy high no just lost
but with Matt Sundaram you're seeing it
without Matt
at least an 8 inch runner yeah they'll
probably lower it yeah that's right
that's right
oh yeah because you'd be standing on
just and that at least in a 10 this is
how how nobly done physically tiring out
it look like it's an animation is the
most so an 8 inch it'll come up to here
and then you'll probably have another
mountain settlement yeah he'll be
sitting right here my gosh uh Sean's
above
are you going to try something no with
that cardboard on it yeah it's a crazy
illusion fish out of water it does it
really does
so time to try the placement of the
beans so I'll be sitting way over there
not over here okay okay with this
challenge you did it
you should put that new routine for
tomorrow because that was beautiful and
graceful alright guys it's starting to
come together a little bit there's
equipment all over and there's Matt fall
over Matt's coming in setup getting
ready
it's going to do you're going to make it
that one I'm going to make it happen
mmm
Oh
Oh
Oh
all right show them what's going on in
here now like you guys saw this empty
building with just a spring here give a
higher hey good boy
so two sets of bars okay I'll be there
boy I don't demonstrate how the feel
okay oh sorry
got a bail roof and beam you guys saw
the beams earlier well from the vault
and the bar feels good oh good you like
it yeah prove all guys
PJ approved bar
go
you
this teddy this real star that oh hey
hair looks really good
nice Katie oh I throw raw Washington
spending what was--what oh your hair
flat laughter the knee I'm gonna braid
it and then you have to wash it after
the meet oh the next morning okay good
plan but you're going to get in trouble
for talking to me it's still a real meat
are you guys hungry
I can't have any of that
oh yeah Humanite go through the line
over here okay
am i insane I deserve it this way no
pizza for you get right to the desert
okay how you feel after that rough floor
yeah you know like that floor I know
all right in there's food over there hey
guys and ago and we always page and then
are you really because I'm sitting in
the bed presently getting hurt I do it
so I'm also beating what you can come
through there is this trigga round
macaroon uh-huh how to start talking on
then that's okay
mmm oh I love Macker I look I think you
never I never does good all right oh
we're grouchy all of us and we're ready
for bed it's been a long day
you guys my shins hurt from all the
walking of them everybody's tired I mean
look at that tired face look at this
tired face
why she didn't she we're gonna hide it
from her
oh dear get it let me see your shirt
says oh dear
alright question of the day did you
brush your teeth that's the question of
the day
okay that's not really the question of
the day but the very important question
to ask your children oh my gosh I could
just pay them so long your hair looks
great
mMmmm all right I want to go think of a
question out of the day out here
everybody's going to bed it's so bedtime
those are good actually there little
character mimicking like Altoids
yeah you can't stop eating them what can
we do what the question of maybe I'll
just take a couch goes on I think we did
that last night while you were sleeping
because I said Tiggers wait they were
both sleeping can I said Tigger no we
can't do that um but we should answer it
at least okay go ahead answer that one
right it's probably going to be making
any nays
oh ho Minnie I got to go with the mouth
at Annie's and go with the mouth he has
a knee has this Oh Jane I got her
it's like I'm Mickey time and yeah I
mean you did you picked up four I got it
what time is your bedtime everybody's so
tired talk about going to bed usually
when it's like a school night oh I'll
get you this whole book okay go to our
page okay it's like 10:30 right when
school is like nine and me yeah I'm like
sick mine right now
mine is right now - that is a good
answer right now good night good night
well you have a meet tomorrow in the
morning
annie has a meet tomorrow in the evening
well why are you gonna help sell merch
probably okay are you gonna do good at
your meet are you nervous
no that can appeal I didn't feel that
uncomfortable like I wanted beginner
never convenient and to have the
equipment going no your bars look pretty
good
not all I could really see them where I
love you did you miss your blankie today
okay you've been doing good without it
what time's your bedtime that was a
question that I didn't know good answer
all right guys we've got a big next two
days so stay tuned I think it's going to
be a lot of fun we're going to get some
sleep and we'll see you tomorrow
I want to remember to celebrate life hey
thanks for watching Chris Haley
