for today so I just don't judge but I
was doing a project overheat the tiniest
glue left leg literally it's like down
to here because I use it all for slime
Haley it's time to go get on the plane
waited well as soon as we wash her hair
and we're leaving in like an hour
come on just like oh yeah at one point
I'm about right I know how to tell time
so eat some breakfast and then we got it
I wash the airline this is lucky I'm
better than lucky wow I feel like we
have so much to do and we're playing
with slime I'll ask you to wash my hand
clean that up get ready
you know morning kick you didn't get
your morning kisses your activity GG was
morning kid did who would want to kiss
GG jinx little guy alright we're doing
hair final things of hair even though it
was clean and beautiful
she wanted a messy bun II remember see
one over here watch what she made though
this is why she wanted a messy bun made
these many films but I couldn't didn't
have time to arty something out I didn't
have time to do the best advantage like
daddy knows how to do a messy button
outfit complete that is so cute you made
them like DIYs okay what's going on all
right we got to walk out the door though
so super glad that you know how to stack
coins but out the door Wow all right
here we go I'm so excited
let me get my back I'm roba happy
birthday to you happy birthday -
birthday jeez yeah I know it not
everybody's happy but I say to you it's
his birthday
and he gets to go on a plane on his
birthday he'd get the warm day though
his birthday gets to the extra three
hours that's exciting
all right we're going to catch the
subtle yeah Haley did get a lot of extra
hours because we celebrated in the state
we celebrated in Australia and then we
kept celebrating really go it's still
your birthday when I would eat anything
Hanks v√≠ctimas going off and every day
only one April we're getting so bad how
do you know you in a wheelchair you know
me I'm gonna push it down and she's not
gonna run my injured part into an
elevator all right yeah my glasses
oh no wheelchair but we've got mr. Billy
oh yeah we went to go try to get our
wheelchair and they said they'd bring
one out but we got to get to our gate
now are you jealous Annie that's true
you'll have a broken toe okay okay
do you get it done it looks not good I
like it okay everybody's here right we
all accounted for
one two three not vias mom buzz okay
she'll be here right she's here
she just want to go get us all so it's
quite a hike easy carrying would you
quit would you use the crutches little
girl okay we're on the plane I finished
Amy made an arrangement we're gonna like
see some snacks you don't need an
attitude baggage counter petulance food
awfully oh nice and every it's like
really doesn't it yeah
three
yes
okay
yeah
now well we just every guys
hi
and protect
birthday birthday so we're going to
divide Billy for his birthday they're
going to sing the Jesus birthday crown
that is amazing oh my god what's going
on baby
beautiful wait where Danny go Oh Annie's
been off working on cool yeah
yeah
is the birthday crown inside of my
birthday I'm using Southwest you did
anything thank you you get a shout out
that was good
Victoria wants to wear the birthday girl
action birthday tiara coming up
are you guys glad to be on the ground
the others are magnetically to mind on
we're in the very back so there's not no
way any happy to be on the ground if you
get some school done very good job
should be like open he's very focused
when it you just want to get school bun
anytime yes you know the school of slime
I'm not surprised
Arden Leon how you doing over there eh
money waiting patiently hey guys for
Ecco to tell Katy other nut jobs or
anyone residually daddy get in front of
us so that was like a 2-hour ride
traffic was horrible
I'm really hungry this is Haley one
chances but guess who's already in here
so we're going to get a luggage rack and
we're going to get dinner and we're
going to go with this great how are you
okay you want to ride
she's all acting all proper why not
while not sharing her teacup this is how
proper sister site Yuki that I keep
missing what's going on I film you and
Annie does nothing on you and then Katie
does something I'm like I came at people
we're like five minutes from seeing page
will they make it look who's behind you
guys I've been so excited we Surprise
them was that he was probably can you
like sweating and you crazy
what looks like stomach's gone what
we're this step 27,000 like you like it
yeah I don't know you just eat right and
exercise
go figure we miss you no no you're like
yeah I'm kind of cool it can all be look
at our kitchen
yeah uh what is on the table in here and
it should be well but he's targeting
cookies I can have some of that it'll be
all right
we got a do-over a hotel for Wow
I dream as a wish your heart makes
that's my favorite Disney I like that's
one of my favorite hang out in here yeah
I'm still holding everything I'm kind of
doing a little tour I'm Katie and that
villian this is amazing look at this
room after room like everything you guys
it's going away there's another one over
here let me show you going oh my gosh
this is awesome
we're just rooms everywhere so by the
way this whole whole facility this is
the biggest hotel room officially that
we've ever stayed in
never I'm loving this this was not on
the pictures so I was like a little
worried
perfection there's a living room oh my
goodness oh nothing
thank you what you don't have to give us
presents
can I be honest all right up to you back
oh you know we just like to rearrange
Disney restaurants
so here be making ourselves feel at home
yeah we found a restaurant after we
walked in the rain it was good okay now
we're going to eat at stakeout 50 bucks
yeah what kind of noise are you making
over here when your children are asleep
they literally got in bed and fell
asleep
I mean wait okay really Haley she's
faking again how do I not know that
she's faking she was like I think she
must hear me because she was quiet for
about ten minutes and didn't move and
then she must hear me and then she's
like oh I'm supposed to be asleep
but anyways they're exhausted our view
of the balcony you guys look they're
going to miss the fireworks every night
about 9:30 the fireworks are going to go
off she's a little light I don't know
that they're now they're not and then
right to the right a little ways is the
castle so the fireworks I believe are
going to go off there this is so amazing
and so I saw the question of the day
that they're probably not going to
answer cuz they're either faking
sleeping or really asleep but either way
exhausted what who or who's your
favorite Disney character can be
animated it could be a princess it could
be a prince Jenna school cast on and I
asked this question without thinking of
it myself I don't know there's so many
good one Tigger Tigger Tigger remind me
of Piper actually Piper remind Lib
Tigger that's okay alright guys we've
had a long day paid and Curtis are
already getting ready for bed Katie and
Jill went to get their bags because they
haven't come up yet so we are all going
to crash we have a long dizzy day a
surprise guest tomorrow we're going to
hang out with us at Disney bro no it's a
really really really good one I don't
even know if you guys will guess you're
good but our special guests tomorrow
they're coming too
is me with us the girls are super
excited guys really want to tune in to
see who it's going to be I promise you
you're going to love it so our whole
gangs going to Disney tomorrow can be
fun another long day so we're going to
wrap it up we'll see you tomorrow if the
girls bounce back and come watch these
fireworks will tune back in but I don't
think that's going to happen goodbye
from Disneyland
alright remember to celebrate life hey
babe thanks for watching
fifth Hayley
