time for repairing this is the only
dance pole and because we're going to MA
we're like oh we like an athlete one
hour when we done one week I want to do
one and a half so I already told your
teacher and hopefully she gives you
assignments today while we're gone what
time are we leaving tomorrow
probably about actionlink know probably
around lunch if not before
and then um what were you doing a second
ago
I'm Mike indicated what gender it is no
he Allah that could you look at this
dude ah or addicted addicted I think I'm
addicted
nope I don't were taking an even bigger
and ride to school without laundering
them this one's you like let me get my
phone daddy woke up too late
Julian and there's like everywhere it
was like basically I woke up just give
you our efforts I woke up when I'm
normally doing your hands
that was the battery was been late to
school your only day to go to sleep in
late and I won't be here them before
when he goes to the doctor
but we won't here for we all right guy
Winnie we are here to drop winning off
at the doctor for the week good thing
ish since we're going out of town she
gets to be at the baka instead of just a
hotel like boarding place so doing any
physical therapy with her it's going to
be exciting there's so many smells in
here how many so many smell hey hi I did
all the excitement's gone now you just
being lazy
all right she tuckered herself out the
back.you million now and actually still
sits on my house you can rehab
very compliant
- that's what you have to do when you
video your life and people to see what
you're doing to follow through
I'm using it on others as well the
official commentating for that Lake and
launch they should all four others
ultimately healthy - yeah we hear that
it's very common for the other knee -
you did right yeah it's a diss opposite
deshedding ter there we go perfect
oh don't get the treatment keep like I
will take all those my family - I'll
stop the whole freely Sherpa tree no she
does just fix that leg out lie by that
far here I didn't have my muffin / -
yeah all right
so there she goes over here about me by
so I just got in the carpet look hon you
opened it I just kind of got in the car
from school and I got a new toothbrush
and it's one of those cool ones that
going by themself like dollar hey mommy
let it be be so excited about it for the
trip
oye finger reaches a new heaven I want
to try it out
very excited nice even though I brush my
teeth
yeah I don't push in this many times you
will actually after you can it's less
time hobby business okay no once you see
Tasha granite that's a good question
toothpaste
Lakers yeah sure it is someone is the
first time self brand as their 252
totally do you I need to know
because made some trees like they have
sugar like the what I have taste tastes
like it as music the pineapple one in
the fruit one thing hey so pineapple too
tight yeah you always like mixed up with
pineapple it's not real pineapple mozi
did it kind of will kill you very much I
still think up an oscillator first mmm
but it's all a flavored pineapple I
asked like strawberry high times
something on it up a menu hey how do you
feel that you're done with me okay
amazing
actually no one really says
so I gave every one retiree weightless
you spin it up today you have today that
was talk about that that is they came up
actually now as same initials Kalos in
celebrate life and I just gave them out
now vacations are vacation to vacation a
little bit up one family but it's still
very fun like a vacation
Wow you know who else is coming I don't
have I told you need to find him I need
to watch my back I just need is it
headband and a has carriers the and they
actually turned out cute I am Muslim TV
and we can't believe we're seeing page
tomorrow
come along our planes oh hi are you
hanging out the dark yet weirdo
you ready you ready for this trip
tomorrow what are you most excited for
about the meet-and-greet you know it's
the most exciting about this one you get
more time with everybody who wants to
see Hayley get really excited I got you
new toothbrushes we have a long
conversation in the car about I got you
a new toothbrush and she got really
excited because this is a vibrating kind
I'm like actually it is and then have a
vibrating oh really yeah you you can
actually put that under tea without
wetting it and putting toothpaste or on
you like it does it have designs on it
and you're like I am is perfect for you
weather has been like this all day
the Americas in California
you know it's not going to be the best
weather I've looked at like mid-sixties
which is okay
certainly Ranger but it's a hostile rain
some of the day and it never rains in no
way and it rains a lot sigh we're in LA
oh I get that
and there
I'll
I also got this corns at low from ten
tries to grandma makes me not like they
don't like each other like make
themselves up like she can make them
certain young man it's a great girl
actually
so the does the same thing of course yes
Lynette minutes and it's dirty
good for like four muscles and tight
muscle like a fight yes what's not
musically where she's like all hard corn
and she's like moving pointy out of my
room no Suzanne I didn't meet Susan Jeff
does bed so then I just stay in my room
all day that's the only disease no
backfiring no I was proud of you for
initiating the weaning process of your
blanket on the weaning the winning any
and personally better be they have it
like freak the pigs wedding we revisit
immediately the guy who commercials lady
I remember what really got boy sister we
we we a little play I don't know it's
funny when I go what about the guy going
to oh we did you get go is anything that
goes 10 if you get go yeah mind blown
point the target simple being a moment
of truth in this bag we have daddy whole
clothes bracelets you gotta flip it on a
three racers are in there we've got like
500 bracelets of the new kind and then
we have a whole bunch of old our old
purple ones like these
we're going to weigh it because I'm
pretty sure this bag is over 50 pounds
you got to pay
we are completely over packed
all the bracelets and stuffing okay here
we go you guys
Hayley's looks like she's got her
carry-on pack Piper wants to weigh
yourself she's probably going to win the
Biggest Loser competition we've been
having one person you what and then you
take it off and it'll weigh it even
though this 45.4 you gotta take it off
so it turns off though okay just say
it's off you have to wait till it's all
set it down nice and solid okay lift it
up 48.6 the first time we waited it was
fifty three so we've done some stuff
good we are pretty much packed except
for in the morning now when my makeup
and the hair stuff goes yeah so come
take a look
this is everything okay so this is the
carry-on this is how you have to you
should press on Pat for a gym neat we've
got checking all we're checking those
two but in our we're making sure we
carry on Annie's grip Tiger paws what
she doesn't use but just in case
competition leo and everything she needs
for that on this side is Hayley's
competition Liam this is a bag just for
when we do our team day have a backpack
this goes on with that so that if they
lose our luggage we still have
competition everything that's a bit a
tip for all you new people who are just
now traveling this is your first year
traveling for gymnastics meet do not
check your gymnastics competition stuff
might not work out very well tomorrow at
this time we'll be in LA getting yeah
getting ready for we'll see Paige and
Curtis and we're going to get ready
getting ready for
first ever for Talese meat not
meet-and-greet gymnastics meet I don't
know what to expect
will it go smoothly will I go smoothly
the local Hayley boats no - I think it's
gonna I think everything's going to be
okay
everything can be worked out that's
awful - through I'll be having a mean
jury he thinks he's funny come to heart
come to our meet and greet who do I need
to be wait
which dog not you not yes it is it's not
2.30 pray on it
oh then I need to beat you clearly okay
my friends we are packed and ready to go
we miss Winnie we're going to miss these
big goon you're miss Braga yeah
Danielle's gonna take marry me so please
like this no way
same amount 80 pounds I see it next
imagine that no matter what you do yeah
you want to go with us Piper this is a
little bag okay it's coming the coloring
but okay where's your I know your ipod
charging markers and quit my drinking oh
fail only thing tomorrow
so we already there I brush teeth and
pyjamas and yeah so question today is
what are the five things you can't live
without now when this question I'm not
talking about food water and stuff like
that and shelter not washing about
thunder like alright so I say family
including my dog's friends I can't lift
up my phone because I've been long and
you're all looks like to the position
and time you'll have to put again yes
because you night Ivan I wouldn't be
able to have them oh you have to have
musical camera I can live it up a camera
yeah cuz they wouldn't be able to see
you guys okay
my
it's bear yeah they came up there that
goes with their slinky okay I'm giving
up my family's thin clothes water what a
good food yeah I don't have a look who
knows going today eleven five things you
cannot live it though bye guys you see
tomorrow on the day that we're leaving I
really die tomorrow only remember to
celebrate life hey babe thanks for
watching rick Haley
