time for Rick Perry guys my hair looks
great
okay really kind of that and this is
after gymnastics I did it now like very
impressed by that fun we talked about
buns a lot be kind of button mm Wow we
got to go away been forever weary have
you eaten yet
yeah before I came what are you at mommy
what am I at what wait knows me right on
ATT I know um I'm down like 13 pounds
total I think I can tell me what your
hat 128 in 128 I think has been my
lowest and I don't think that's official
yet that hasn't been charted on like an
official Freddie I think we're taking
the scale with us Susan gave me to weigh
in
are you really pleased at the last week
no okay goes back it's probably okay I
get it it's the last week so now you can
still make fun of us okay whatever
yes
so when we get home we are going to
leave you know and after that I'm gonna
go back to the elastic I like surprising
them even though it's only gonna be like
a minute to them
I swear if you skip over I I feel proud
when I say I swear I don't really need
it if someone like makes a beautiful
routine and almost fall I'm like I swear
I swear like I just I just spit up all
right they filled out bars my bars is
amazing but every time I was like not
compete like show it it'd be horrible
but guess what I had to do and I fell or
guy to ocean something I don't 11 ticket
ah oh okay my always shall be good so
then I'll just kind of like wow I'm
because I already thought that was me
falling so the going you already chose
eight tickets and then I was after all
my double best she's like I think why
would you do that
you're cheating is beautiful and you
just saw in don't know I would fight I
might go to a horrible lol I was like
okay I give up my 11 tickets don't give
up then I made it so how are you clear
up today good good my ovaries were
amazing when I wasn't competing but like
amazing I can see like she was like if
you can do that when you're meeting that
would be a nine Wow like that amazing
and every time I would compete they were
horrible
no no abyssion wasn't horrible I'd
rather compete I would go over in my
castes it's not do another kids in the
intestine was about tomorrow we're
leaving that tomorrow and tomorrow we
can say that you excited this is big
and succeeded okay did they know that
yeah we said that on there cuz I'm not
surprised right there what car they got
no Curtis is coming you guys are going
to meet clean energy hey Lena
I don't think Haley knows Chris how we
know our CD airplane oh oh and just to
clarify we do not know Katie was coming
I feel after we did these seating
arrangements so it yeah cuz we thought
KJ is gonna be in surgery this week who
is Nia Nia you might be coming now media
on the window yeah in the middle no Nia
on the window Arden in the middle
Lea on the aisle could be a wood and sit
by Haley oh I'm well being cruel and
then Haley is on the other aisle and
then I have a middle and Jane is on the
window here that have you said oh wait
if Katie comes this would be really
awkward and she she's like I'm not
having surgery well I might not be
fishery
I'm glad you ever to come to dinner like
oh she was a really going to wheeze on a
different place
how are you is yeah dad unless I can
change it
me and I date amazing musically just you
know they're just two hours to make the
line we some results that looks reason
one so you can go to check that out like
it please
wait but if your videos in Dallas back
to be the most recent one
it's the one that like it's the one
where we're changing like outfit yeah
it's really really fast to surprise
until you guys can you work out sorry
you guys ready for those yeah yeah you
want to go you want to go grab your
favorite Leo's and I had probably this
one oh good do it ha-hi you were fast to
grab five Oh daddy helps you okay
you got the help all right let's come
over here and spread them all out
let's see the Fred no no not on the
floor up here so we can see we're all on
different counters it's our workspace
this will be a good visual to have other
yeah look at all these fun colors and I
see Shaun Johnson special there's a
Shawn shine very nice home he's super
busy so she'll be like she's holding the
moment is Right an e-bike has had a
certain kind of fabric feels long I love
the fabric yeah this is a good fabric
cuz it's all good women gonna have like
usually why don't we try really yeah
yeah we should do something like a good
right send my scar something worthy of
these one yeah okay that's great all
right put yours over here tell us what
you like and what you do chakras are
your pants yeah
mmm-hmm mmm
you don't like Eric this what is the
back okay this I like love the v-neck
okay you guys like the V and I also I
really like the comfort on Ustinov
Bugaboo K Haley have one of those -
that's interesting
I like the v-neck okay it's kind of
confusing okay okay
yeah like that oh that's really cute I
like that and then the back I'm gonna
Tyrael okay all right okay she got her
pants on backwards dude my wife would be
nice okay and they both commented on
having this the velour or is it yeah
velour for her it's more yawning okay
sorry
when you start getting more muscle in
there yeah yes can you do bling on
sublimation yeah we can
uh-huh we can actually put on the
sequins on it if you want to layer it up
a little bit this guy oh yeah I want to
do that this is the one she likes the
sparkle sparkle and she wants to have
maybe like either sequence or sparkle it
going to be like we're that star is what
do you think about that is all you let
you do a panel fabulous whoo I was
really soft yeah he's really good on
your color so it's kind of well Ramesh
oh cool I'll do something like that
Oh around the back okay drama Park ah I
like that material want comfort and
style for sure you know I love this
color you go
Rinne season you know it's kind of fun
to have the mesh yeah I like the mesh
idea yeah we got this beautiful option
for you what can work in the mesh beam
did here phille there's a lot of colors
there's a tech mesh and then there's
regular mesh yeah so it's like a rule
for a vine this to try not Lea's to pull
out inspiration we pulled this one out
because we really like this mesh okay I
won't do that color but this mess in the
back on this is really fun
did you get stuff on that Leo you hid
back on this is fun all right Andy
taking a break Leonard cloud of GK Lee
all right
I have either surprised to see I'm not
awake don't enforce it hahaha oh now
you're awake so I brought something
special and I haven't wrapped up here
and this is something that I'm like
there's very few people on the whole
entire earth that have something like
that earth and big okay I did is not
Cecilia TARDIS but guests to signatures
are all over okay yes this is the
Olympic team Wow I'm here from the
Olympics me that is awesome
so you can see the money okay well that
makes how did that I new design what do
you ladies say you're welcome Ali oh
yeah this is one of the replica leotards
that we sold post-olympic and I have to
all the girls sign it so that you could
you say I see the alley down there Ali
is he Laurie
Gabi Laurie and Simone's going to be on
there somewhere yeah
whoo that's awesome thank you beautiful
at work I've got one to hang up in the
comforts gonna say we're going to frame
it you can put in a frame and we'll hang
out somewhere in which an opinion
yeah we need Desai our last name
interesting we released our last name
and she's like now we can write her last
name everywhere and now I go back to
Japan check but especially I thought if
it was a normal day of the normal week
we're defense for me I probably failed a
new school to let you do any sources so
yeah those are not a normal we are
normally Guyana just seven not just a
regular I'm zero vetting going Jim
juniors coming Jim and I'm leaving
she's leaving back and forth to wait
when do you start packing tonight with a
plan I have all day tomorrow too
are you guys excited they get coming hey
you guys look wait uh we need you to do
dog who'll be on the plane
wait maybe I'm going to see you
you have you look at Jim on Tuesday know
what hazard life
in the afternoon after left thank you
you're good hacks let's pack up a great
idea
I'm going to be doing school up - never
mind all that
they're perfect as he has that little
discussion on our way to Jim I was like
hey Lee will you film because I'm
driving and she was like uh I can't
why can't you Hayley my hands
hey we decided to bring clay I went
mommy can I bring my play in the car and
she goes yeah sure I brought it in
what I didn't know is the wet hand and
the clay we're going to do that so we're
going to go wash our hair Meehan we
already washed our hair last night
because she cut Jim drop her off
yep I'm going to grab a knee roof ski
whenever I go take a knee ruski home and
then I'm going to come back and all you
I'm gonna try to get daddy to come back
and get you cried I've gone back and
forth all day today
really yeah my third time up hell I'll
be up here four times if I come get you
tonight I will if he's busy but I'm
gonna be like please let's take my lip
out I was a police daddy know like you
know you go get her no kidding that
won't happen
home sweet home
want to see what what's wrong I heard
her show and her gonna jump on you I
don't see what's for dinner right I'm
pot roast
oh yeah and cookie dough
hey I had a bite of it that cookie dough
to getting for pound I'm one bite I know
he's making that up though yeah
and guess who's going to go get Haley
tonight Haley and I were talking about
that yeah
I said poop poop I'll go say Papa please
and he came home he's like Oh Haley I
didn't have a say Papa please I'm tired
I am exhausted like you do oh I designed
a Leo I worked out I did laundry you did
not
I wish I I mean I fish a coward you did
oh you picked out your clothes you mean
you're wearing I thought you meant like
to do to pack please scratch yourself
your Piper huh
by far roni yeah okay I can't I kind of
messed up the sign but that's okay just
threw away my others line okay like I
said I said a few kind word about the
fly and I said good you saying you were
the best slime but I'm sorry that you
have sprinkles in you sparkles sparkles
you guys know we didn't have to go get
Haley are you excited mm-hmm
what's wrong even higher than I am this
what we're going to do all night I'm
gonna just hang out in your room like
two little girls like a slumber party
yeah cool thanks for inviting me to your
slumber party huh
this is simply trying to see a blankie
hey same time okay so let's play a
little game I don't know what the little
game is yet though I want you to guess
what number I'm thinking is Yelp an easy
one pick Oh what guess the next one from
what to what
1 to 27 no kind of team what's your
other favorite number great yeah try to
make it easy on you now might hat
ok from 120 wait I think ok good 13
mm-hmm
7 mmm 3 all right I gotta go and find
out what Piper's doing ok they're going
to come with me because I bet they want
to see what she's doing I don't see
anything
what do you just do know I'm a little
freaked out you go first Piper what were
you doing sound like you're on the
counter who see anything knocked over
for you up here did you do this you
knock that in there
figured it out yep that's what all the
noise is about Piper I took my best
guess well that'd work
Oh hold on lazy nights where I just want
to lay in the bed and not booing and
hating what hair look at this excel it
good for the body my life too speedy
wait to wash wash your hair ok it's not
that
oh I think that we're going to jump out
at me exploit the result alike really
good so is what you want for your hair
not this no ok today
oh wow yeah you're not going huh but
watch they make little e in it and it
makes it we're not least beard alike
who's got a haircut to put stuff in it
and watch the results like fiber No
may it like wavy hybrid you're not
invited to this slumber party hi ever
think she is this is an all-night
slumber party this is just until my load
of laundry is done party no I got I've
got a pack remember you were supposed to
be doing school remember that deal we
made that you couldn't do your packing
because you'd be doing school you don't
remember that pretty sure that happened
today
Tyler viper-like a list a week and we're
already like Annie the second week of
January can you believe it
I hope you she loves you Piper can you
believe it so what we have to do every
week make a list list one list your
goals and dreams for this year you
stinker Gigi name one goal or dreams
that you have for this year I don't even
make you list them goals and dreams what
that is gold
okay well she thinks I'll tell you list
to list your favorite characters from
books and movies list three Melissa hat
I'm just going to give a few lists the
happiest moments of your life so far
that's all I can see okay fine um dreams
and goals of shared goals yeah yeah bye
gotta happy is to get a horse oh okay
now that's my dream newsroom so your
goal is to reach four million
subscribers and by that you have to keep
consistently making videos on YouTube
when did this turn into a lifeless and
be kind and entertaining so that people
want to subscribe in a lot of
and thankful he was so funny like I
never have the camera and I feel because
we never know what kind of mood Haley is
going to be in but she was so funny
today what they were talking about how I
would talk about how to mr. Kelly the DK
lady I was saying how she told us slime
and she's like oh yeah my daughter for
making slime and I'm like mine are
obsessed
Haley goes I wouldn't be upset I'd say
and he's obsessed and I'm just sitting
over here like can i play with your it
was funny you had to be there or the
camera needed to be rolling and I wasn't
alright here we go here we go this is
all our clean laundry we've already
gotten one outfit limo just because
you're eating another snack
Piper Gigi can you clear out chocolate
is like show them your first hour this
is probably for the day that we are
outing day our team day that sweatshirt
yep well and the super cute skirt
well you got to wear shorts under it
and your shoes the superstars so outfit
number one and go done
we've got just like five more outfits to
go Plus airplane clothes completely
complete annie stuff is done they always
forgot to pack your capris for your fur
meat day which is meat days over there
okay now we're going to move on to Haley
oh you're home I heard beep we're about
to pack free if you want to help we have
a practice right there alright our
industry is my dream place check out oh
that's it cold is my dream place to go
is New Zealand oh that's what it's
called movie which even is viola
Paris or London so yeah don't forget to
comment down below because we just want
to know some question up doc thanks is
where is your dream place to stump bye
bye guys meet home always remember to
celebrate life hey babe thanks for
watching Chris Haley
