good morning everybody
it's my camera boys just kidding um yes
so welcome to Monday morning we're doing
things a little different today we're
gonna make this feel like a day off as
much as possible it really is a day off
we have one meeting with the songwriter
which is kind of exciting cuz if you
watch Danny's live last night she was
going on and on and on about songwriting
and today's the day we're gonna it's I
don't think we're she's writing songs
today we're just meeting with a
songwriter to meet them she's playing
some 2k still don't know what it called
2k everything 2k but this one okay
anyway right it's 2k 18 but if there
aren't they're football games that are
called like Madden 2k whatever blah blah
blah okay anyways so we slept in didn't
wake up to an alarm which was nice we
have one hour long meeting then we want
to go shopping for some furniture cuz
we're renting some of this and we're
thinking about getting bunk beds or
Hayley's room to get a little bit more
room in there we're gonna do school
tonight we're gonna take the whole day
off oh I know how to dribble and we're
going to then do school when it's dark
outside so we're gonna enjoy the day
congratulations
it's a 1008 I know this because there's
a big computer staring at me telling me
the time we have to leave here at 11:00
so Annie's about to get up and get ready
okay
a little deja vu going on we've done
this before
so you're always like why would the
brake be - they're gone
okay push the brake don't take your foot
off the brake and then push it oh my
goodness don't don't take a break no you
can take it we're in for Annie Annie
doesn't know how to start it
bummer a key not detective
no the bigger ones the break
oh that's why I was rude
okay tell I'm scared when she's time for
her to drive
now we're standing here here standing
here with your foot on the brake you
would put it in reverse don't do it it's
not gun Annie all right we are finally
out of the house this morning show you
guys the it's horri
the looks of this van right now there's
a mess in here no van tours today we
didn't even do Haley's hair do I have
anyone ring that's okay just one
relaxing day all right we're here over
early so we found some Sun because it's
kind of cold down here Billy
he's a building here's the oh this is
not the building we're eating at earth
cafe down there but we got here really
early but in this shade that's was cold
you look like a lion Annie's favorite we
found some Sun because in this shade
it's kind of chilly okay like
cheerleaders oh don't drop her yup and
then pick hailey up
and I walk normally
okay so we've got about 20 minutes till
the meeting but I guess we'll make our
way back down here I'm so meeting
adjourned and they're in the same exact
position as they were when the meeting
started but it was a productive meeting
we met with a songwriter and she was
super nice so so many notes like not
that we didn't know Annie before but I
feel like this lady who's never met
Annie hasn't know everything about Annie
right now it was really really cute so
stay tuned Annie might even sit down and
write with her we have another meeting
with another songwriter later on so
we're no no no later on this week let's
all no that's it you're doing what's the
one in Tennessee that was just a
possibility of going
who wouldn't want to go to Tennessee so
we're trying to work on some new music
that's what Annie's really trying to
focus on right now we got chicken girls
and music and it was good and this is a
beautiful day it's a little it's a
little chilly but when you're standing
here in the Sun I feel really good and
I'm gonna stop right now cuz I feel like
that's all I've talked about all day was
singing and the weather
family outing to the furniture store
what are you excited about the ladders
probably do say do not we're looking at
but looking not getting for sure this is
excited about bunk beds will do not
climb I'll say it no this one is a bit
over here I think oh no this isn't it
they don't has drawers but we would want
the bigger bed on bottom but that's it
oh yeah Annie when we said no pets Annie
said that she was gonna sleep in the
room with Hailey now I'm like oh so all
that rearranging we did but her staff
she said well done Irina room ups but
you're gonna sleep on the top of the top
okay I feel like but what if we don't
get bunk beds what if we change our mind
and we see something as cute as this one
or that or that so let's just look
around before we decide we we like this
I do like the idea of an extra bed
what's up
shopping like and I fell asleep she fell
asleep I was gone in non-stop we're in
the medium and we're both these poems
are awesome that's pretty much it
that the girl shopped we picked out our
beds under mattresses and we have left
daddy to pay and we're walking over to
Starbucks luckily there's a Starbucks
from right by drop item to like the sky
well it's actually mostly cloudy right
now okay you're gonna kill some time
while Starbucks across here okay and in
a couple weeks we're gonna have new bags
mattresses your bed might be delivered
sooner mines gonna take two weeks
don't tell anyone I was gonna get the
medium cool and she said you are you
guys getting the same bed
so you just settled on this one Annie
got yeah it's two different mattress as
though they're bunk beds we could have
got the medium pool on oh I love a cool
mattress a whole sheet Oh
it is totally raining yeah it just fell
on my cookie they had cookies there they
took good care of us
asleep I fell asleep we tested
mattresses y'all filmed about that right
literally laid oh my gosh like a big
juicy tunnel and it's kind of cold
okay we got back one wants to go to the
hot tub one doesn't but I as the mother
want Hayley to get some more fresh air
so she's not going to get in she's gonna
go down with that blanket I'd do the
same thing she went and jumped on my bed
and got on her phone I'm like you can do
that downstairs and get some fresh air I
can't believe she don't want to get in
the hot tub
me and daddy and hey Annie are getting
in the hot tub
Hayley is going to relax just as if she
was sitting in the bed alright I need my
phone you don't need free hands God gave
you two hands no that's all you need the
difference the difference between us
Annie in her bathing suit hey ladies
with a blanket I'm in like pajama like
things I've got amazing suit on under
this but I stopped after I get out it's
gonna be cold and daddys in shorts
aren't you cold
you got like bum they just looked cold
yeah I'm so cold
we're gonna be the only crazies giving
in y'all don't even know how cold it is
out here
people probably think we're crazy guys
are just getting in the hot tub it's
okay
it's a hot tub I'm so cold
it's not well it feels good
I'm cold it's a little warm oh it feels
good it's not like it hot like Annie
arrived for a second you doing water oh
I don't want to get out now you guys I'm
stuck here all night
stuck in the hot tub because it is you
are on this first one next to Haley how
is she gonna go live in a hot dog
how are you gonna do this yeah she does
but I'm just curious like how she's not
gonna drop that
what if they fall in the water
actually she's not do anything different
than I'm doing I've got this isn't it
this is attachment of my hand sometimes
I don't even realize I have it that's
but no there and they don't want to see
me the first thing that they see guys I
forgot
and I'm like Andy how are you gonna do
that well and I'm sitting you're
vlogging right over the hot tub I know
mine is not it's just an attachment it's
just part of my exactly I didn't mean to
do that but then it worked
oh I think he's a big doesn't love to
see I saw you first
everybody's alive they hide them alive
all right I'm gonna turn the vlog off so
I can put my hands so I go put my hands
in the water and I'm signing off for now
I know I'm gonna put the camera right
here and hope for the best right here
that's where you guys are gonna go but
turned off all right we we warned her we
said get a bathing suit on okay I think
I know I'm musically they yeah really
did it
survive for knowing me my phone just
gonna like just check whether your honor
if I get a new phone oh did you have to
go he's full hold on you should go into
I'm not going into all that look like
I'm going to the volume go bad my bad if
the volume was like alright Annie's
still alive and we just asked what their
favorite shout out of the people to pull
with this anyway I lost my train of
thought my thought drains down Annie
asked her lie hey guys long hear what
their favorite song of hers was so you
guys can comment down below - they'll be
up not comment down below
Billy said he'd put a poll so click on
the poll I think it's probably the eye
up there to participate in the poll and
vote for your favorite song of Annie's
that's currently out right now any of
them
duets chicken girls and then in a few
minutes and he's gonna tell us what her
favorite one is
look at that when your mother is right
and suggest that you get a bathing suit
on before just in case kids at home
listen to your parents be careful your
phone
so I only thought it was like hot - I
didn't think it was that bad okay while
dinner is a cooking we're about to watch
Episode two of season two I am and he
recorded a cover and she's deciding if
she wants to post it or not hey hey take
a Bay we're gonna watch Episode two of
season two of chicken girls guys if
you're watching this right now
this episode is up right now I know
dinner's almost ready
it's up right now so go watch it
there'll be a link what happened what's
wrong
are you bleeding do your toenail missing
a little Wow because it's my pinky toe
no I know
pinky toe nails are so itty-bitty tiny
really you're just weird I guess okay
okay so anyway like I was saying click
the I was like you'll put it in the card
Billy or the description hmm put it in
the card so click the I point to the eye
it's right here it's like right about
there in that area click that little I
go watch ticking girls I don't even know
what this ones call but I can look gone
west we've got it they sent it to us and
so we're gonna preview it it comes out
tomorrow for us but laughs yeah
yesterday for you guys yesterday in the
u.s. I guess it's a little different for
all those time zones chicken and mashed
potatoes and broccoli
and he's been talking about chicken and
mashed potatoes for like the last three
days
you almost good do you guys want to eat
and watch it cuz I think it's almost
ready him okay play it no she's like but
if you're gonna post it on Instagram
then everybody's gonna oh sorry
geez okay this is mad Annie I'm gonna
I'll do it I'll handle it ready see you
guys in a few minutes
Doug the pug you guys so she decided to
post it we watched chicken girls it was
so good yeah hey now I bet he uses cute
little pug paws and commented all right
you guys it was it was good it was so
good wait till you meet some of the new
characters oh very special that debut of
that character there's a lot of new
characters so we just ate dinner we're
eating it out here on the couch oh yeah
it was delish delicioso and stay
straight in their rooms I told him to
take five minutes only and just
straighten it up so that was good yeah
any more you need yeah well it was
before but now it's time to do some
school because about an hour ago I
forgot that we said we were doing school
tonight
and I ain't goodness realize that so we
are going to do with some school right
now at 7:30 at night we're gonna start a
little bit a little we're gonna do some
school that we got to make sure we do
something ready bright pre-dance
I mean yeah
pree thinks so pre school dance that's
what I meant what I meant I think that's
your dance what are you doing
oh you art here you're joining in just
pop your knees hurtin feeling good
which one I used to get that I used to
work at Blockbuster and I was like the
manager on duty and I was really young
and I looked really good and they'd be
like I need it I can I talk to your
manager I'm the manager have no board or
the I'd be in the back and they call her
a manager up front and they'd look at me
and they're like you're the manager I
got that right buddy okay
I'm glad we're getting all this
distraction out prior to starting school
I had 16 x marks for the week of math
are you 30 minutes so it sounds like
you've got 16 times half of an hour half
30 minutes she's working on social
studies she's working on math ready go
no just cue the dancing you already
danced remember and auntie hurt her
knees and you popped your look you're
either oh that water is about to get
spilled yeah
ooh I remember when you just have to dip
your feet no ice bucket I know how
traumatic it was all right I'm gonna
turn this camera off because it's so
distracting such a sucker they're like
please let's just do it one time for the
camera okay I don't know about all that
go why'd you take it down and then
school looks so good how old it's got
startled
every day on YouTube near you know you
guys how many times you think I'm gonna
let them do this before I get frustrated
and tell them no more oh yeah that was
after all that school Haley
you okay I know were you faking no she's
not faking she was really crying
but now she's smiling no Haley Haley
thank you okay we'll never do school at
night again we'll do it every morning
when I was trying to be nice so let's
focus
we're gonna do the question of the day
are you ready Annie what's the question
of the day another day question the day
time um we had one earlier it was what's
your favorite song of mine and like
actually I really do want to know like
what kind of is your favorite like stuff
to listen to because I am going to try
to get into more riding so I want to
know what you guys like okay
there's that'd be great right mommy
wasn't that it yeah mine oh so yeah I
want to know what you guys like what
style you guys think I should keep going
with and yeah hi I start writing
love little things ordinary girl inside
of that that's all of them and
everything
bless you because we want to know the
question the day is what's your favorite
song by me if you don't know them
they're on iTunes get them so you can
check this out
link in description okay plug over
goodbye everyone remember to celebrate
thanks for watching fit Ailee
