don't you on me girl you guys sleep well
on the couch are you still on me
raised on me are you on me are you on me
oh wow you know what they call that they
call that being 12 and fixing your own
breakfast are you gonna fix yourself Wow
what are you going to fix myself why not
whenever I have to hook I can't go with
this degree press it away yeah I had a
go fish wonderful breakfast sometimes
when it's easy Matt you don't mean a
fish you guys an extremely unhealthy
breakfast this is my version of monkey
red you're Burt you're very looks pretty
good yeah it's a little different than
traditional monkey bread okay you know
why what because the sauce on top has
chocolate in it
it's a Haley place you said milk oh oh
really okay you have to be other we are
doing a really good going to do way more
them no yeah what way more you like it
or not how about you Haley
good good I'll say hi to me
deep voice would you boys have to go
look them up were you trying to say to
Nike now yeah she's like what happened
is glad to know not by our children
aren't the only ones that want to sit on
a dog bed
I see so many like me I say they could
not sleep on the dog bed TV what are you
barking at because you're getting plenty
of attention down there if you are so
Piper's inner cage says apparently she
got on the counter last night you tell
her
Haley clear your food so your dog their
daughter's in trouble
no clear your food because it's the
right thing to do so how was your last
night's sleep because why he loves me he
just wants me to pet her that's why you
guys sleep Oh guys
mm-hmm fanny I like how me is like I'll
answer all your questions miss Katie
I'll speak to you like a normal human
being while my friend rubbed her blankie
on her mouth I'm very proud of you this
week
he slept I was out at two days Mia's got
oh ho thank you so much for having your
welcome thank you for coming anytime we
said that if they could see y'all my
curling iron I mean my curling wand
broke I just got it I've used it for
half I have my hair and yes already yes
I just got it ring I don't know it
turned on it heated up I started curling
my hair and then all of a sudden I got
like halfway done I'm like oh it's not
curling as well as it first did and I'm
like oh it's aw how'd that happened so I
try to turn it back on America won't
turn back on okay
no it's cooled off now I'm really bummed
because they warm but it's not hot but
it's like because we never like asked
for my country and okay now you ever
took
hey you see Winnie yeah yeah we brought
her up last night they snuggled I know
you Annie or me to come over I ready to
another Hayley any sleep on you yeah got
some travel meets coming up yeah we're
on your flight now we're on her flight
next day yes girl okay like a Mexican in
Las Vegas movies yeah you guys are so
cute how are you feeling oh it's good oh
it's kind of it's drugs
it is throbbing oh yeah
all right well this will be fun we're
gonna go all gonna tips meet together
how I don't mean in my eyes don't see me
no I'm good thank you though another
cherry see if you like your mother I'm
good I don't even work out I don't want
to yeah yeah good good she's cheering
you on my right gluteus muscle it's
getting a good workout all right we're
here at the meat we're getting her a
shout-out
you got her some candy and then emoji I
would snap snap chat emoji and we're
going to head on in there in a second we
are going to take your her on it started
have a little photo where do you guys
want to be up top or in the bleachers
what are you feeling
so we're going to be in there and we're
gonna be like can we be like really loud
and
won't let me in the video
oh my god every time I don't even good
fun vault
I am
pretty great you need to meet you
so good guys let me go define fun
alright guys we just finished Sydney
cheated amazing yeah we did it shows up
congratulations or I'm most vicious
here's your phone in no but seriously
she did amazing like Danny's almost
asleep Rita dreaming happy downtown I
know it's not good no what's raining h2o
if we was raining oxygen and hydrogen so
what's the other one yes okay two
hydrogens announces ya training back
today I'd good night
thanks for coming that was your mine
would be weaker tonight
be careful Katie well don't worry
I was wet know it's wet when it rains
there's no River next to me alright I
think these girls are going to go home
and snuggle up and watch a MOV ieave I
gonna come up here
real-life hashtag buckle a knee buckle
Haley all right guys we'll see you at
home
I'm gonna dread dread walking Winnie in
this rain
got to do what I got to do and that is
come out in the rain to walk this cute
little beast
Whitney very sad about my curling wand
look how much it curled it bummer
okay needed her business we're going
back in time to feed the girls dinner
they're being lazy bums upstairs nobody
wanted him walk winning with me
apparently me and Annie stayed up super
late last night
come on in E you wanna stay out for a
few minutes okay Winnie you need to
mature him she did she tried haha you
can stay there with Daddy for a second
I'll go show what the girls are doing
what you're watching girl me through
this is what we're going to do tonight
seriously Oh what do you have a you're
gonna eat an egg yeah giggles what's in
there a a boiled egg or raw egg don't
you hear that wasn't obviously it wasn't
you wait a second it in an egg you have
to hang on it didn't even come out of
the paper
I thought your dinner no Lord again you
got lucky
don't throw that my friend eat that that
can't just be your dinner I was just
kidding
what are you lazy bums want for dinner
you guys there being deprived of
Chipotle because I don't eat there as
much like I probably had to pull away
three times in this six weeks and then
normally I have Capote lay like twice a
week and when I have had to pull away I
haven't had the burrito I've been having
a salad what are you doing taking out
the yoke
I need a bowl okay can you say I need a
bowl please yeah Pizza want to order a
pizza
I'm probably not going to eat any but I
could order you guys a pizza on this
amazing Saturday night someone didn't go
to bed till really late last night now
you can just sleep eat peepin sleep okay
daddy made monkey bread this morning
it's been here but I wouldn't even be
putting whipped cream on that because
that's now dessert and we haven't eaten
dinner yet oh they're running in the may
now I'm just eating fruit I say all the
fruit and not how to question there yet
don't be sad it will come
so did great at her me I shower on my
teeth look at this baby strawberry oh oh
na na is the expert
Piper you're nuts let's be on the couch
get down Piper get down thank you don't
let me see that leg see right maybe
she's just flex more flexible in the
other leg you guys are both the lefties
oh these punches over you're gay there
she is
you guys I smell it mr. Chris was nice
enough to bring over grilled chicken
nuggets and I'm heating them up in the
oven right now and I can really smell it
looks really painful like your foot back
in it
no it did look good for sauce can simply
stop my toys by the wait wait your turn
slide over come here honey for come here
you can have it next oh my food's ready
oh now they're both going for it oh I
wish I could have done it looks
delicious
but my food my food is chicken grilled
chicken what scares me like one of those
people is like oh well you're in sauk
right guys this is like willpower to the
millionth degree I want it I got five
more minutes oh my grilled stuff is
ready yeah I can't wait till two weeks
two more weeks
I don't know how to do it off your
sister no what are you doing thank you
right get your bat they stretch a lot
thank you yeah work really hard you can
do it but you need to eat first
no look at the pizza looks delicious and
I want to eat the whole thing
I'm happy for my English great I was
hoping that you guys are going to eat it
all so I wouldn't be tempted later are
you tempted to eat this oh so it is time
for question today punch looks cold I
know
so you're for watching videos here um
we're just gonna give you guys were
sitting on this really big boy so I am
really interval wanting sweet right now
so to descent be shellfish losers good
one boy he and the head chef at a fancy
restaurant
or own a cupcake bakery own about okay
pecorino cute we would be together you
and banana strawberry banana light
funding does be amazingly light please
either pink cupcakes stuff so don't
forget to tell Joan Boyce for the in
another class today is be the head shell
a shell a shell freeze a hello Xiao Qian
use your head chef at a fancy restaurant
our own a cupcake bakery whoa thank you
some bamboo right by the pipeline right
but that's like okay someone should make
an edit as like all of our signs bye see
you tomorrow bye bye see ya like all of
us there's an Instagram thing like bye
see you tomorrow guys day tomorrow
bye see you the broom yeah hi guys be
tomorrow I always remember to celebrate
life Hey
ah Bank
babe thanks for watching
with Hayley
