two mornings now I've managed to do a
messy bun is it messy enough for you
tired girl all right let's go going in
the truck daddy did my coffee but it's a
lucky one
nephew but today it's perfect I'm just
gonna be perfect with nothing I don't
know
and what we are doing today is waiting
yeah yeah and then we going over the
phone
oh yeah oh yeah so far I believe we're
going to this meet
oh yeah oh yeah they're learning about
the three things you need for a fire one
are they okay I got this fuel oxygen and
of dawn oxygen an L heat - I'm gonna
start one yeah great for single ha ha
graver your spelling yeah well word
reached our daughter got one rose oh he
was actually though
Oh extra credit work school it is card
wait
good morning everybody we are patiently
waiting for our way in our way in
buddies my sister is out of town they're
in Texas if she won't be here today but
we're messing with the dog harvesters
that's what we do this is my favorite
what weigh-in is this kick we have seven
and eight after the usual
editing the videos if you want to see
our journey go watch his videos on his
channel following velocity this is week
six because in there seven and eight
there's only two weeks left
when musician wind was called you call
Biggest Loser and then I had we won yeah
whinny I mean oh I got whinny on the
brain when he's doing really good but
you still can't come out with a big dog
I call the big dogs now like a zero
yeah she goes for a check-up next week
so hard part slowly with forgotten so
Jill and Chris are going to be here any
minute we're getting on that thing so go
check out that good video to find out
how we all did for the week Oh Gigi
stole the Bowen oh geez gone oh you're
growling Gina you growling you got it
there's another bone somewhere in here
it's downstairs here go play with him
with that yeah what are you doing what's
on the other end of that spoon nothing
Oh Haley I want um
thank you well that's like a tiny little
JC what kind of that
hmm I like the other time I will try all
of it just kidding I've had just a few
bites okay so it's fat again Haley yeah
why are you what are you doing with your
hands at school you go wash your hands
before you touch cookie dough too late
go wash your hands
what are you doing that you're getting
opal Loompa hands so at your school
Zoila your teacher okay okay go wash
your hands or did your favorite color
orange that seems to be what color
you're using oh my gosh why does
everything nuts all of your face - oh
that's me as a popsicle is orange fifth
favorite color is orange you know it was
that flinch so it's Friday I was going
to say we love Fridays right and the
weather's supposed to be yucky I was 13
huh dawn dawn dawn I'm glad at the
weather like the weather's gonna be bad
tomorrow we may not be able to go to
SIDS meet you're going to wash your
hands before you eat me feed me all
right I will feed you it'll bring back
some amazing memories when you were a
little okay so I'm hoping that the roads
are going to be okay they've salted the
road so if you like slushy tomorrow
salsa's yeah you know why because that
was a freezing point
did you know GM lowers the freezing
point of water so - - here comes a
choo-choo train like what baby wouldn't
eat this oh really
Thank You Lee hmm don't you - great
okay model your outfit because on
Fridays Haley gets to pick her own
outfit up somehow through our uniform so
we've got a cute heart sweater with that
hot pink pants yeah I know it matters
like perfectly and some polka dot
legging super cute way to go he picked
it all by herself and daddy did another
amazing bun I don't care if you use a
spoon I don't want you touching it with
dirty hands really gross so after you're
done with that you are going to go and
wash them and you're going to be
responsible time who's gonna bleep up
can't take you seriously
I think the markers that you used right
like those workers like the washable
workers I think you're lying
wait so my friend
so hey so and unfortunately this perfect
angle
go to your house
I usually do that though open in your
store and I mean you are detaining yeah
I mean it a deacon you know walk yes and
now I'm a turkey how you have to goes on
so together you can tell everybody we go
to your house my house and oh yeah man
so Katie has broken her toe pretty badly
I'm doing a hand to hand to foot it was
like bang and spring and then the same
back handspring is a regular back
handspring and you Lance with two feet
and one of the click got on to the other
just the toga on it which and she eats
surgery but he's in the boot breakdown I
feel bad for her season is over
she can't see scratches tryin team's
gonna get surgery while we're in LA
oh and we're going home to act again
explain the accent okay so I'm yes Haley
and I are gonna FaceTime this person and
he's going to judge me to be like okay
at you do usually how can we don't wanna
thank you where you guys have to like
read scripts
and because anyway when is it win-win as
one so AK meeting tonight at fit guys W
suffering and and that's exciting
what time does it end I don't know how
long but just going to kind of connect
up first please I don't know what he
wants to do in nervous I'm nervous not
to like actually acted but to like see
how nice he is why do I feel like I'm
nervous about him what if he's like what
if you'd like to go I am gonna be wonder
why we got what did you get on and he's
like okay go ahead just like going to
watch that what they're pretty good and
actually Haley's pretty good have you
practiced it before that's not just like
I got it yeah I'll practice before thing
Hanna
yay me in here alright how are you
feeling about this acting lesson you got
going on okay I'm good oh you just well
your loss what oh hold crosses out I
love mine and Annie and Haley's boxers
yes she loves all Bach Carmen yeah oh I
feel like really into a magnet that's so
cute personalized not it's so cute
you'll give you an above angular and
every ownership yeah I said I'll get you
with me bed-bound games you good no no
but I'm going to say I'll my dog because
only yeah Piper's just the boxer me so
okay so replies heart hi Annie
mom okay
Skype acting Piper is actually going
pretty well doing pretty good doing
pretty good over there yeah a little
behind the scenes
I have high well easy elegance in your
bedroom and I sorted out my cell phone
in the toilet I wish to get letters all
Oh a little vignette a nickel Allison hi
hi are you every time Haley
very good you got to make sure just a
little note right now what about the
mountains just a little done I saw your
eyes go off with your someone over on
hmm a lot of acting is about focus done
so we just finished seven o'clock you
need like an hour and we ate some cookie
dough awesome like an hour late oh no
interested in like almost any tribution
I mean this is my dream on a day why I'm
fighting did you watch TV she is drawing
a puppy with her right hand which is a
little odd to the lefty and she's doing
with ready yet and blonde hope she the
lefty and gymnastic Rockies are right if
we do another left hand so bad threat
numbers are
krazee-eyez oh and it'd be if there's
like a banana canopy and a tail - oh
that was a cute game hmm
oh wind chilling element it kinda does
you can see an elephant in it no one the
windows hell the windows windows are you
trying to write something crush and I'm
content not with me into the wall o
sweet need to draw a cannula pac-man no
your I'm really nervous right now
now why are you draw a lion oh why you
know I saw a lion picture Annie okay
it's crazy come here oh wow and there's
it up in Danny's making sure she can see
me Wow Wow hailey any an okay the best
elephant I've ever seen okay final stab
you whoa Wow hailey you're good at this
write your name know what I'm not good
like that have a good hand
well can mine be a circle it will be
really impressed if you do that that's a
lion my dad oh my god I posted a picture
with Haley and I said eight and I had
the money thing and he was like honey
he's like why do you say eight dollar
sign I was like honey I get it on me on
the other car why don't I go oh honey if
each one you like why dollars or more
people calling me what people I say
wrong job 8-ball the people of the
Internet
it's experiment you're gonna draw
whatever no I mean are you okay I know
he's like go be no mr. Feeley also my
difference Oh Johnny like okay now come
on no that is but that'd be their little
symbol Oh like she goes gladiator oh all
right
you're on the page so my drawing Haley
yes okay nicely formal dinner one day
like that's what he told her in the
drawing you but that's what daddy told
her ah
oh it's happy Hayley Jamie Wow is that
looks ago Oh Oh curly hair Oh actually
pretty good in that meeting I look like
this ma says don't take it offensive
oh wait oh oh you're getting a body
adulterous oh yeah it's really good like
my Ilyich inside of it it looks oh yeah
you can see the light like something
outside of your I like you like you can
see through it that's crazy right to
blend yourself I want to be my fault I
don't want to see it
nothing Alka Magelang hi nog leave em
did I interrupt something
no I can't do that
Thank You Mia what just a good ass oh
well she was there for that acting
lesson so she's pretty much the pro now
hey guys the question today we're okay
it's actually controlled okay so we're
back to old buck let's see what here we
can find hey hey yo yo all right make
some really good music tomorrow right
so which ones have only one pencil for
the class to share or one day one only
one pencil size for ya I'd feel too
crowded if I had one just do it okay
Jenny got to do a lot notice okay
so don't forget to comfortable look you
in another course of the day will you
rather have one consist of the whole
class of one Jack bye guys I'll wait
remember to celebrate life hey babe
thanks for watching this Haley
