hi Riley
hey guys yeah morning I woke up just now
about 8:00 can you fight better than we
talked about my brains she looks cute
with me the whole time
it looks pretty good it as I'm going to
displace like through the extra minute a
little baby you don't me bring you
upstairs today and you can see the
upstairs just in case you forgot what it
looked like if you forgive how's it
feeling hmm girl that won't keep her
going on you gotta get some small rocks
that we can throw and see if we can open
till night or if it goes right in so
they gotta be small and because it's not
that guys have you seen it it's I can
tell it's not moving much that might
still be frozen just a little rock this
little tiny tiny one so that's not high
up big these are tiny these are tiny
like and yeah that's tiny
oh that size Oh while the song is almost
completely down
there's someone walking around the whole
walk smile even all of us
I don't do it lovely I come over here
what yep and they call my mom today
yeah toss it over there toss it over
there that's not really hard you can
crack it thinner no he didn't get bigger
know how they're gonna know how my
digging some bigger muscles uh you got
it in fetus the very edge of a high oh
yeah does we kind of went under that is
crazy how this can just go freeze over
your it on our jump ok you got that hard
oh you got it it ah it got some bigger
rocks oh when you think out then see all
those bubbles it went right in the
middle of that one down to the bomb
ah I didn't make it anymore
yeah leave it as rocks back no sir
walked out on it when I was not homeless
yeah if I can't throw a rock being
thrown in it I can't hold you oh yeah
look at it okay my friend
you ready to go inside and eat and drink
look at her beautiful brown eyes and
they had was little I see a beautiful
ball come well she's doing you guys
under further going back I'm just a week
all right you got to get back to school
daddy let you out of school for that
field trip to the backyard I'm spending
school for about let's see two almost
three hours and I gotten pretty far
just attack oh yeah - with you I'm doing
history right now so I see yes I am on
so I mean yeah I'm just going to keep
you in school how can I eat lunch here
in a second
not a second an hour - but yeah I'm
always a nice and yeah I have this -
miss cool oh I just said I have a tennis
ball and I dropped it only see I got my
teeth cleaned
do they look clean yes I got you an
appointment to you and sister for next
month
yeah so soon us and our January's a
little bit crazy Jerry yeah what I love
it no was it just a guest no a little
later than that I come to 20 something I
think did my calendar yeah me and you
want clean teeth you're clean for your
teeth dirty
- dirty teeth let me see oh they're not
dirty they're pretty good but they do
need to be cleaned
Oh Gigi's got a ball Danny got a tennis
ball let me out of here as well Gigi we
throw it you can chase it that's what
dogs tonight
really so right now you just having it
during the day all right
baby steps right that's what I need
another crown on one of my teeth the end
Lawrence no I think the crown that I got
was like cosmetic it was the only way
are you doing a new communion my crown
yeah what what I've got here they said
well my old cavity is cracking my tooth
so they want to fix it
are you ready it looks like you're ready
it looks like we're a gold today gold
polka dots and a gold leo
oh my lost are you guys what are you
text from daddy watch I know the
password to your phone you can you can I
can walk you can run they can uh-oh what
is it rose a surprise yeah okay all
right you ready to forgive yeah well you
can send it to your mother
I'm trying to be seeing my father what
do you do and everybody wants you to pay
attention to them all right you saying
sorry recycle we had a nice day off you
know the whole day I know you got a lot
accomplished though so you should feel
good about yourself yeah Annie will be
back you guys that's how it works us we
have a couple hours before we film again
but for you it's going to be like
seconds in one minute I'm
those two men think you're going to be
back at home and Penny's you actually
have to live it they get to be on the
journey with us but much faster pace do
we ever tell you how much we appreciate
you guys being on this journey with us
cut Alemanni tell them how much we
appreciate it if you love you heart you
can do your hair yes we need to do show
them how we do a bun let's do a quick
bun rightly take off sneaking join in if
they don't know okay
I'm gonna try and do it all right so
holding I definitely feel locked I
usually make me do it how to get Annie's
epic fun okay
and the key is it's a messy bun plus my
hair Justin just thought please solo the
harder
mom - interview going to get all this
hyper stole the ball oh yeah Sophie
filming the bun Oh Piper you almost
blocked down what not down the ladder
okay so ponytail is high up as you can
because it always moves a little bit
further back I found when you put the
rubber band them get out the major bump
I'm the commentator little bumps are
fine because it's a messy bun but you
don't want like a huge bump it's fine
yeah if you do hold your head down like
that it doesn't seem to move so her
ponytail should be pretty high mom to
pull it all through yeah okay
and of course we've done is all without
a brush my hair really is long alright
so one rubber bands up the ponytail in
pretty good placement alright I won't in
the future yeah okay I bet it's pretty
good to place on it yeah but with all
this hairs down it's not going to really
matter you want this to be kind of clean
alright so the next step is to have
another rubber band ready and I like to
use like the non as shesha wounds first
wait where's the other one by the way
you know I like you too stretchy one
fresh should this videos on your channel
no ok we'll do a nedelin with my channel
and then you fold it over I send to the
front yep and then you wrap the rubber
bands first and then you start to wrap
you twist it and then you go after it's
twisted but before you go around the
hair you gather all that loose hair and
then you wrap it and then you're going
to wrap again if you have rubber banded
and then need to take your hair and kind
of pull it now you want to pull low so
it doesn't all come out if we pull up
here all the hair is coming out and then
if you feel that it got too big which I
don't know that this one is it I think
doesn't actually pretty good but if you
feel like it's too big you can always
take a third rubber band and tame it
down and just put rubber band like three
wraps around them how do you write that
pretty good yeah okay so this is a for
domestic fun and random to him I'll show
you it's gonna be like a huge good
naughty I just got in the car from
school and Molly and I always forget
very well always forget to pack me a
snack when I get in the car so I left
over a snack
guess what daddy does first fun and its
really good actually work yes yeah what
if he was bullying they said oh you hear
you're fun we the water was close to
rock really is so brave
if you're going to really make a fake ID
today I stay on my okay really
how is it ice skating is nothing that we
wish ice is it all ice or in that yes
never daughter but there's water in
water it's not over long I don't think
it just pour water any longer and the
air will freeze for a long time I'm
about to go to gymnastics excellent and
Joanne how many women are we gonna
soften 13 minutes that and having a
healthy snack
flash me some that belly nice Bowl and
normally what are you having I'm having
a chicken with sour cream and cheese I'm
just gonna draw various grapes and you
can ascend young clearly hungry yes Mary
Larry and milk and milk what are you
drinking water
I wanted years okay daddy's bringing you
a surprise up there you can't do tired
you know I wanted to have a meet today
but you don't you have gymnastics
practice today and an epic bun bye daddy
I'm quite impressed hi there see you
guys want to see Oh Winnie welcome ah
she's not allowed to walk upstairs yet
when do you want to go see now go the
photos focus no she got to sit on the
floor with her so she's just going to be
a shark when he hasn't been up here in a
week and every time we take her past the
stairs downstairs she like looks
longingly up hey we need
welcome upstairs again come sit without
Winnie oh that is not fitting you're so
sweet
energy sweet see my sweet little muffin
are you my mother
Hilary leg looks so much better you guys
want to see the stitches staples do not
go lay down here I got a patter well you
guys left daddy let gently left her legs
so they can get a little walking right
here oh okay oh don't do all Winnie your
flashes all stapled together let me get
my stapler and I'll staple them more
know that what hurt blade is the action
right stable and everything love you I
don't know that is a different kind of
stapler so have you been benefit minute
Oh
for them it's in seconds so in hours
over here now
yes and how abundant I know of you
filming for elections
yep here's a work get some shopping but
the camera channel and in the car yeah
yeah we have that meet and greet coming
up so looking for something for you guys
aware but the cameras in the car and I
said I want to summon my phone and then
it's a night didn't that how about we
went home and I wanna relax right it's
cool morning nap bacon I need relax when
I don't what kind of our last thing is
that like what do you do to relax
oh my house and play over 3 or less
unique okay or about something that
sentences so holiday I want you talking
about it up Jim good I got three kids it
Oh welcome next to us Carol Alexa I like
squeaky Windham lacks ah look at that
that's that's a shadow puppet up IP here
kind of shadow puppet oh she was up here
earlier you missed it she what yeah
daddy carried her was me he loved it she
had fun here we have a blister huh okay
so this is what you do you do eat you
brush your teeth you get pajamas go
night-night happen Piper Gigi they've
been doing really good you guys not
getting on the couches pay no attention
to that example that they just showed
you
I need dude please will you guys please
fix me something for dinner good daddy
and having dinner going today gosh
hey we spent all their to Jim and you to
be here slaving over a hot know what my
second super my cousin come on get down
here she was very excited very knuckle
on the couch so but she went upstairs to
change or do something I don't know what
Judah and II were kidding we've got your
spot Annie calm down family snuggle time
we're watching good luck charlie reruns
Annie come on hope your spots right here
she was mad she was mainly mad because
there was no room for her next to Daddy
there she is
oh so apparently if you can have her
blankie during the day just not a night
I'm trying to convince her to not have
it during the day and to have it at
night how that should not have a Merinos
and maybe then you can wean yourself
from the denied but right now just try
to not have it during the day you're not
feeling that right yet she did think
about it want to see what she does super
trick alright a good time for those
question of the day okay
question of the day let's give your
beanie can decipher son or HDTV like
flip or flop or oh the other winner
Claire I love all them hand and I don't
know if I said what was your person I'm
gonna Claire I like how it's made yeah
food and diners
something diners drive-ins and load ah
sweet girl a a nun Estes what's a favor
oh yeah I know I am too looking a little
bit amazed with your favorite TV show by
my guy only remember to celebrate life
Hey ah bacon baby
thanks for watching Chris Haley
