today I'm retaining no no no no as
holder done no oh yeah just believe in
the gym I think I've earned 1200
calories so a lot for the day but I'll
say he's a lot last night watching the
game so time to eat something
so then guys you got to burn more
calories than the calories you take in
but you have to take calories in if you
don't your metabolism will slow down so
eat and burn and burn hey everybody
definitely if I sign you soon yeah cuz
you've been gone and you didn't film the
morning we awesome you guys we thinking
about about us as that we've gone and
worked out and I feel myself for like
two seconds on the elliptical
you did that's weird and awkward after
no yeah no hey how you doing
I turned my camera on record and then I
turned it around facing the elliptical
so they didn't know it was recording
that's sneaky alright yet so we worked
out this morning and II worked out this
morning and Abby said yesterday if you
tuned in and he's coming home early from
a gymnastic yay because she's a little
behind on school and you need to catch
up because schools are more important
than gymnastics a little bit just a
little no just a lot better and
sometimes you know gymnastics takes over
so we got to get ourselves back in here
she's not like extremely far believer oh
and gentlemen sentences okay what we can
cool yeah what Kim's might just be a
head you're probably too weak fine I
think it's only week maybe a week I love
it I'm a family friend yes thank you all
I'm going to say what's not on top of
them element but you beat me good so
I'll just do a lot of talking like
normal let me do some talking special
announcement because we've announced in
our Instagram I we keep forgetting to
film about in our video is that the meet
up of the mouth is on Sunday it is sad
but you have to buy tickets before the
meet of them will not be sold at the
door sir and anybody can come you don't
have the covers of gymnastics meet to
come you can never be a gymnast you just
anybody can come but it's very limited
availability tonight there will be free
hard to get out something about possibly
doing a push-up competition with some
people and we're going to do some crafts
right it's going to be fine ones and a
little bit different Sean will be
joining us and but you do have to
purchase tickets ahead of time there
will be none sold at the doors that's
important to things because people I
don't want be able to show off in them
doing right we can't get in there'll be
a link in the description that you guys
can go
and if you're interested in come in and
hanging out with us on Sunday I don't
man later I'm going to post on my
Instagram that I'm doing a meet-up after
me I met Sean and Annie and Haley will
be my date here to see you
you cook we're shirtlessness pre
Hollywood version I love using a team I
feel like I betrayed me not values and
uzuki's and home I had to go get hailey
how are you doing I was a new archives
we're good Hayley I was telling them
that I had to go get Hayley caught up
yet are you on date week 21 now good job
Annie
why are daddies Dean playing like that
and there were two years I didn't
believe they were folded daddy could
have followed very often holding yeah
you're comfy daddy or the scanner oh one
of those little ones like a portable one
so that you can wrinkle on yeah you
asked about that a long time ago you
should have like life would be so much
easier if I could scan at the gym
because baseball baseball what is
feasible
so people are baseball got Caleb on the
brain always hashtag every day but
anyway Annie asked likes can some of her
work in and so well got a signature scan
summer working but she has to wait till
she gets home most of the time maybe
this little scanner will help like what
am i mowing down and I miss the word and
they won't let me turn your volume back
up I know it won't let me hear the word
again we don't know what the word a
spelling
I don't know Posada don't beat your
computer up look Deckard let's go K
random you're going to put a word in you
did feasible with one of your words
there do it there's no way we can just
guess I'll make it this I'm not getting
it wrong yeah you're just going to guess
a random word no even if they're not
even test hey we found on camera what
your blankey plans are we have a said
that or halfway we told somebody it
could have been the camera it could have
been one of your friends chill enough
Paula we might have told it on here but
just in case we did or it didn't and if
you didn't watch her you were whatever
annie has decided all on her own to not
sleep with her blankie four for one
we just need to receive one day a week
I'm really fine and what is it on
language yes what we go on twelve yeah
AB AB
yeah what did you have to be at what do
we check the email we got an email from
her teacher that said that she needs to
be at week I can't remember what by the
end of January next one hey Haley came
home with orange marker all over her
face so she's going to take a back yeah
you got clothes picked out fantastic
she's going to wash her hair too you
just get her back but how do you know
what what word was it hold on is that
fasten I can spell that to all I just
went back and I looked at me today is a
week one word yeah I know you done how
many respected said attached to so I was
like oh so you just did it backwards so
you guys that's big news in our
household that this she's going to try
to not sleep with us once a week that's
crazy
can she do it and then maybe in a few we
have for tonight Megan oh and then maybe
next week will do or in a couple weeks
we'll do two days a week I think every
time I turn the camera on I'm eating
weird can I eat a lot so I'm going
upstairs you see in Haiti last week or
weekend and that I mean hopefully that
she's awake but I don't think she has to
some tired so she was watching my videos
okay I'm gonna try wasabi pea hmm let's
go do guys I want to see what on the
menu for dinner tonight well I don't
know if we're going to look how tired
she is if you don't like it we've
ordered something but come look what's
the nice though
you guys want a sneak peek oh no no I
like it looks gross oh it looks so gross
thank you cool pick one up and give it a
kiss you know kiss it okay later top
suffice come on
nice had good log here we're not eating
that I mean we ordered sandwiches so
they're on their way
Haley do you want to put one in - yeah I
don't know if we're doing Pie Face
because Haley is extremely tired Oh plop
it in there that's really gross if you
think you're gonna like us come on you
never know - you try stuff and I hit
that on high a little f1 cooked it a lot
I know what's going on whatever but
what's what's going on over there Haley
what's that face about I know I bought
that blanket for me and they've all
stolen it yeah I feel it escaped on his
house not pleased right home I have bad
news for you guys
Paris any planning well probably not
Haley are you in the mood for Pie Face
tonight after dinner
maybe we'll see have to feel um to fly
with the sprinkles needs to go in the
crash
rah Oh sparkles because I have cleaned
up sprinkle well I just said that I'm
nervous sparkles for days and days how I
was gonna say no no every time I wife is
counter down I have to clean up five we
have daddy and I had sprinkle sparkles
in our hungry on purpose now in our hair
and on our face and we went to the gym
like that and you can half make more
just not with sprinkles sparkle
it's a sad day in this house I'll do it
it's fine
I will have a farewell speech and I will
put it in the trash and I will say some
nice words it has to go I know this how
it was a wacky ha ha black black if you
watch yesterday's pickle this book Danny
that's impossible
it's ok three of my clients of mine well
you can make more without sparkle daddy
rather be eating cake it's not move its
excuse me see what I was doing
maybe my man well I don't make the rules
yes I do sometimes life is hard
give it up sprinkle them something at me
ah dad no stop that's my dad ok you guys
we're going to get this evening on a
roll why don't over doing pie base or
not whether you go now I'm not even on a
boss nope a little water nope
all right the octopus is done
Amy Annie would you like to try them no
no I think Haley put herself in bed I
don't think she'll be trying any octopus
or playing pie-faced lots of play pie
face for sure another day
wait did you cut it yeah cut it up oh
you can say oh he didn't even think
about it don't let it drip on a blanket
I really don't want officer that has
octopus
- rumbling - Oh Stewart XE boom by the
clown I spicy no that's why she so good
though a chewy stuff limey mystery tiny
vivacious
what is it would you cook with us in it
oh that's really good what is the NK
night vision
what I had a Bosch mom that came puzzle
Roman don't give ourselves a general ah
I just liked it too much
yeah he doesn't want to share with the
dogs though how much school did you
think you caught up on today yeah we're
going to do it again Thursday we're
going to come home a few days a week
early no afternoon practice for a couple
days of the week just until I think that
you've caught up some more
carry grades I haven't checked in a
little while so I need to go check from
A's and B's all A's all s NES you don't
any C's JD one see play like in a grade
or in a subject no oh great
okay I have probably a magnitude of B
pluses for your total grade my candle
graces
so no see the total grade okay good job
baby on a roll I'll write you a little
certificate in crayon well you did you
done bit but we blocking your octopus
octopus
wait
Sparky MIT Barker's in that's really
really nasty looking because you can
like see the oh my gosh there's no way I
could put that in my mouth
no you guys are killing me no no no you
know it's Holder done you know you don't
worry we're fine little minute I can win
one hell out so much nope without
octopus over I know so much Amy so much
I can smell it
okay I'm being immature but that smells
nice right
oh wait I hear footsteps Piper wants it
Haley this is coming down do you want to
try some octopus No are you sure Afghani
about it Annie
are you eating on tonight she tried two
bites of it is it guys
hurt anyone harder oh she's giving a
thumbs up
alright that's a big interval
yeah that's gonna like it hmm
no the other end Mouse why are you
looking at me viciously all right so the
question of the day is what is the
weirdest thing you've ever eaten what do
you think kids like stink really enjoys
it off if you feel all right so what's
the weirdest thing you've ever eaten can
it be octopus that's making my backyard
I'll ask pretty weird all right you guys
so you let us know
alligator where you going you're going
down to the Batcave is like that
there's snake and octopus is clean what
do you think is the weirdest of all
those I agree if I the snake yeah oh
yeah
so you guys will comment down below what
the weirdest thing
Duke's over you going to edit kinda get
some work done okay we're the thing
you've ever eaten
yeah have followed up by sea octopus but
the way to think I've ever eaten before
you go oh I don't know what you think
the weirdest is baked so taste like
horse
lately great buddy Pete Lambchop thank
you
no bad so they were wait did we decide
to get a big money I think that's what
she's decided right a giant one don't
even know it yet okay
so Haley Harrison Big Daddy cases really
hot that so the eye on a mattress
freezing cold although more hot she took
about two and I did
we also bath tonight out of laughs okay
so what's the weirdest thing I've ever
eaten
oh I accidentally ate octopus when we
lived in Japan which is one reason I
didn't want to eat it tonight it looked
like a little tasty pastry it was all
like pretty and I don't know but it was
that and it's down my throat and that
was all she wrote and I ate octopus the
end so all right guys we'll see you
tomorrow
really toodles goodnight
huh you get to sleep in tomorrow not
really not quite there and you have
school just like ten minutes
mmm we'll see good night guys okay guys
this is all my blankie so to get my mind
off of it my name is annoy you must be
read devising more so I'm going to read
the Bible you go to sleep ha can just
get my comfy passion I'm gonna read it
to go to sleep I get my mind a homeless
lady it's gonna be nany occasions I
think it's my dad I started that John
because I asked the grandma what's the
best one to start up still I should've
that John so I'm at John 3 cuz I
literally just started with 10 minutes
ago so and I'm also going to be writing
verses that I want to memorize so I want
to definitely memorize John 3:16 I'll
memorize John 1 in 36 through 138 um
John 1:17
Jen 137 22 to 123 and John 1:14 I'm
really nervous about sleeping without my
blanket I've done it once but this is
like my first time at home not I did
that I do it like at sleepovers
sometimes if I forget it so I don't
normally Piper no Piper no but I don't
normally do it here so I'm hiring
nervous
mommy I'm nervous thank you hello hates
on their sleep tight love you very much
don't the bedbugs bite always remember
to celebrate way hey babe thanks for
watching with Haley
