time for metalli
good morning everybody it's all mornin
here and at least meat is this morning
about to wake them up oh my god some
movement
I think said went to the pullout bed
over there I guess we all slept in this
bed last night
I guess said sometime this morning on
the other bed anyway so I'm opening
these windows to try to wake them up in
about five minutes I'm getting them up
we're gonna get dressed at breakfast and
I don't know how to do this you guys
it hurts my hand
that's my wheats arm okay maybe it's
just stuck out there cause you guys I
can keep you loud cuz I need them to get
up soon a beautiful day here snow still
on the ground a little bit oh my
goodness gracious you guys do it all
over again for number two the second
gymnast of the family got braids still
got blankie do you know what she said to
me the other day on her own she can
probably hear me she said I'm gonna try
to sleep without my blankie one time a
week I thought that was very big of her
because she's pretty attached to it I'm
on her own she did that so then I asked
well for how long are you to do that
you're gonna add a day she goes yeah
maybe for two weeks
nope she doesn't want to even hear me
talking right now typical morning no one
wants to hear my voice in the morning to
get in the snow boots on she is ready to
rock the feet but first she's ready for
breakfast right yeah
are you ready to support your sister
yeah to breakfast we go Haley is very
excited about her waffle she got flour
on it and her fruit thank you so much
look at that bad boy and Annie's got
hers all set up okay simples
oh my mom's makeup eyebrows and dimples
look I see it that's hilarious it does
look like I'm not sure what this is but
it's okay a cyber cyber one with ones I
burn when you have the hair come down
here to sideburns
all right let's butter yours up I want
to turn to the other cream cheese I got
a regular just in case any I like it
they asked Robin didn't know there was
flavored with cream cheese regular do I
know the regular cream cheese in there
Beth is good I wouldn't want that
like regular movies I don't like
flavored cream cheese does Haley's like
it does I think I like strawberry cream
cheese and empty all right guys we were
doing so good on time so good so good is
that why you like staying in hotels
right here look it's the London
everybody lotion up I don't know why I
decided to put it right there on my name
hello all right we're heading out
look at that right here I got a vanity
get exciting two of those I think it's
teeth clean thingy and and whatever that
thing is what is that I know right right
is his freak um it's bring our house -
oh excuse me I had to pay for that
Amarista everything's done hotel is
clear last checks you guys do this at
your hotel did your mom make you like
check out of the bed yeah why is that
disgusting where yeah you don't drink it
I know but it gives it all right let's
go you guys let's get this little girdle
girl to her meat not this little girl
mm-hmm
not that little girl that little girl
you're excited that it's over
are you glad your meat was first yeah
really glad you girls ready yeah yeah
I'm gonna get that handstand
on the beam you are I bet you are I
believe in you Alexa yeah so you've got
it saying you're bad yeah I can take
them if they don't fit yeah it's not
daddy said give them to your mom dad
take that with you though you do all
right give me a hug
good luck I love you Alexa good luck you
guys are gonna rock it you guys gonna go
get checked in hey got checked out or
are you guys gonna go on are the culture
here oh yeah there's miss Debbie okay
see you later see you after you rock the
meat
is her hair meet ready so she can
compete with these level three
here snotty
I don't know if I trust you with that
one once my little sister wife does not
show me are you filming
you're not recording now I know
I'm not I'm gonna do this what where I
think they're starting on floor about to
start
are they about to store their first good
for the second I don't know I can't
bring up a stand up for failure
yeah or like Gopal without the words of
me yeah so Haley is one more vent beam
well I'd hate that I didn't have my
first B it was horrible I felt okay well
yeah you feel yeah like don't like
what's happening
Congrats girl
all right could you get me that's fine
right
anything we're doing our celebration
meal two meats complete am order yes
we'd love to do the bang bang shrimp and
I'll bring you some rental perfect thing
I guess everybody or order is bang bang
shrimp around here reading it boom bang
bang she's got it and then we're gonna
head home we're gonna color on the table
first cuz that's what you do here the
eight-year-old knows exactly what she
wants to color
oh is that ice cream because it is the
good ones ooh daddy's looking up
calories no for this crab crusted
Alaskan Cobb I think that's what we're
gonna get all the toppings all the bang
bang balls off
mmm bang bang shrimp one won't hurt me
so we're home we drops it off and I'm
painting Hailey's nail now here's what
we have so far so this is how Annie
paints party in the basement basement
party make it burn that's not what
barking not squawking watching some
Green Bay bleh New York giant and Haley
is showing us some cartwheels on the
beam you can't do it cuz the cameras on
that's why Anna beams crooked better
straighten it for you Gigi you act you
act like they're playing with you and
you guys are about to go get in their
cage and I'm gonna let Winnie out here
and we're gonna do her ice pack that's
what's gonna happen soon Haley you got
the raw end of that deal you want the
face in alright we made some gymnastics
videos guys won't be careful with her
alright we need to get Whitney out it's
Winnie's turn oh they're getting they're
getting feisty all right I got all we
need supplies what are you two doing
yeah you like your daddy mess no she
doesn't
nice all right here before I drop it on
her Oh Winnie here too Winnie update
she's doing well
oh sorry Winnie it dropped anyway
yeah all right I'm gonna set the camera
up for the girls we're gonna ice her and
heat pack her and we're gonna set a
camera up for the girl me and Hayley
heading up to bed and I took my took a
bat but we did wash your hair because
they looked pretty good huh hey Weez
you're still up but I took mine down Oh
what was your favorite stuffed animal
what a better half stuffed animals
everyone has stuffed animal well mine is
the Kayla bear oh my definitely table
there so she does really sleep with any
touch animals I don't I bet yeah so
don't forget to come down below cuz we
want to know the question of the day is
what is your guys's favorite stuffed
animal if you don't have to step down
we'll go and get one it will be your
favorite we should have brought a lace
took animal I'll beat you here should be
bear would that be too weird comment
down below if you guys want a battaglia
bear and then have a ball you just tank
up the room you did ahh
bye guys ah you're so lucky you don't
have to smell this always remember to
celebrate life ah
I baked potato baked potato baby thanks
for watching Vitaliy
