time for good morning everybody I'm not
getting exercise as though it looks like
it I'm chasing mr. Billie Piper because
a package just came and he said I can't
have it yet he ordered me and the girl
something and I'm trying to get it from
him
it's all very over with the world why
did you get you can't just go and order
stuff let me fit let me just go sneeze
visit jewelry of some sort
saw a box where is it from
where's it from let me to the top what's
a picture on goal you're gonna show me
it's a caleb if i can't see that that's
so pretty thank you do you get David one
send the Superman symbol oh sorry I'm
not even filming it that looks great I
love it
they've been so sweet to her they
haven't gotten to be together oh you're
not laying down you're awake
I thought you would lay down and go back
to sleep there she is
been two days since her surgery these
two have not gotten to be in the same
area like if she's not outside she's in
her cage the poor baby
and these two get locked up when I had
to walk her huh I'm so sorry
she looks so sad you guys this makes me
super sad Winnie
we love you good night Winnie lay down
take a nap
she's got to wear the cone so she won't
look like her staples yep stapled guys
not stitches
staples we can't even take her out to
play with her yet like gently play
because she can't do any of that so it's
not like we can take her out and put the
dogs away and kind of but we are gonna
like come down here later the plan is
and just pet on her and love her and we
were walking Winnie she's got to be a
walked on a leash
look how good she's doing yes you need a
rest
you need a rat oh don't take you're
gonna fall over you're going to fall
over Winnie you're tangled come on can
you make it outside come on we need
you've got out of the cage in you were
super excited to be out of the cage
there you go so she can't climb stairs I
don't know if we've said that she's
putting a little bit of weight on it but
they don't want her jumping around
obviously look at her this makes me so
sad
okay we get to walk her on a leash so
she can do her business come on we need
them in the cage all day today and all
yesterday and it makes me so sad I spend
a little quality time with each other oh
it's snowing I don't know if you can see
that I mean hold it here little tiny
itty-bitty snow flakes Winnie it's the
first snow I don't think she cares
oh it is cold out I see the snowflakes
on my jacket that's so cool you guys I
love this no I well I get tired of it
pretty quick but the first snow is
always exciting mommy's always right
I knew she was worn out after most of
the week school back to school today's
Thursday and she's third day back and
it's exhausting isn't that sweet though
except rain am i hearing the snow turn
into rain I don't know what that was but
anyway I just wanted to point out that I
was right we're having a nice relaxing
evening actually it's still afternoon
almost evening before we have to go get
Andy banannie and daddy went to go watch
Mary Kate Russell that's what's going on
today someone's home from school it's
not Piper oh my gosh what are you doing
I can help you scratch your back
I've got hands yummy scratch it
Piper seriously each come here I scratch
it
how would you kiss you Oh Thank You
Hayley anyway this girl is home from
school and guess what my friends she's
too tired to go to Mary Kate's wrestling
tournament me don't want to know you
don't want to go you want to go you want
her to come over you don't want to watch
Ross like hey it was actually more
entertaining than I thought it would be
all right yeah you're good
you sure are you guys well you were mad
that I took a knee yesterday and I'm
like well we'll just go today she's got
another one we'll end this on like okay
Hayley and I can go today
No Hayley doesn't want to go I thought
it was cuz you were so sleep because you
had a long week of going back to school
how was school good good was a good
substitute you did too like having a
substitute or does that like throw you
guys off this is that mean like to mess
your whole day up yeah like your teacher
you
yeah okay are you ready to just veg out
here until it's homework time ah you
forgot you had homework how do you
forget that you have a homework I need
food
well you can have a snack and you can
have some TV time you got a spelling
test tomorrow what else you got first
time we're just spelling or do you have
mana
no no really that's it cuz we had this
bet I bet yeah Maxie test you did it
with the substitute did you get a grade
oh did you get a zero you just got them
all wrong
no I got at least one right at least
good job okay good there's at least
funny on there Oh half got fifty okay
all right
enjoy your TV time okay all right what
if you look all nice and cuddly I might
have to come lay down with you for a few
minutes after I do some chores we might
have to add some chores to your list
right now her list is keeping her own
room clean because that's just part of
life you got to clean up after yourself
um yeah so we might have to add some
she's really good at cleaning like the
baseboards and keeping those clean yeah
I remember you wiped down the white
things
they're called baseboards I don't even
know what they're called wait right here
you're good at that so we might have to
add some stuff to your chores like maybe
oh she does the pillows she cleans this
living room she keeps the cushions up
and maybe starting the dishes might
start unloading the dishwasher
definitely like a plastic and the
silverware not the knives yeah so horses
I'm gonna go do mine which is the
laundry wait when I wonder when you I
think you'll be old enough to do laundry
never you guys Haley just woke up with
an earache so I just gave her some
Tylenol it's hurting pretty bad
hopefully it goes away if not I'm afraid
she may have an ear infection she
doesn't complain about ear aches hurts
hurts pretty bad so we're gonna see if
that medicine kicks in if not we may be
having a trip to Urgent Care the
pediatrician in our near future no fever
I just wanted to sleep and rest okay
these two need to outside come on I want
to show you two something let's see the
reaction there's something out here on
the ground
let's turn the guys can see guys want to
see what they do I don't know if they'll
even care Oh yep usually they run what
is nope I was like nah I'm not standing
than that did it snow actually sticking
earlier when I noticed the snow is like
oh I was thinking in my head this this
is just a light snow it's not gonna
stick but apparently it's sticking it's
not much like a quarter of an inch just
a layer of white powder Viper you can't
go in and out go ahead you haven't been
out in a while go go go
thank you have fun I know which ear is
it and then one to ten how bad ten tens
the worst pain you've ever had there's a
ten okay
she's at my friends she wants to talk
her hair it's not with your chalk Annie
don't worry
talking to Annie for the camera that's
cute you think you're gonna watch it
alright so we're gonna do that little
craft possibly we're also fixing hailey
some soup her ear is feeling better
which is good new nude but I got some
chicken noodle soup going in here
cuz that's always fun when you're not
feeling well so hopefully the headache I
mean that earache goes away completely
you need what water beer
water for your chop key hair I don't
know
pay no attention to my pile of trash
that has to go out it's trash day
tomorrow so I've been cleaning out my
friends we didn't have hair talk we
don't know where it is right now but
Haley did find pastel chalk chalk so
we're gonna see how this works
Parkinson she's calling her hair it's
pretty me Diana after that oh really
this is like that dries better we should
check in with daddy at Emma K's
wrestling tournament oh he hit home it's
currently snowing right now umm and I'm
gonna go watch mary-kate Russell Katie
and the girls are gonna join later and
we'll see how she does I'm gonna be
yelling I'm like go and we're back hello
look at that let it down we'll see ya it
shout it up I can't touch it it's fine
side will she get there all right
what hey guys so I'm dumb Jim and Katie
brought me home Bullock to her house
peanut shell so um oh wait I spelled
cheese down here okay so we're doing the
school she's like a mouse yeah like she
um is it Brennan scared of cheese mm-hmm
so we're done school um Katie gave me my
Christmas present only because she
needed to wait to give me it cuz there's
another thing she wanted to add to it
and she just got it
so we also played with marshmallow fee
so she's looking a finger mm-hmm I'm
kind of excited for practice tomorrow
because the only people that are gonna
be there is me you Arden in Mia that's
true now be the regal it practice
American of while you're watching a
movie on his iPad wear this snazzy bed
that came together oh my gosh it's gone
oh he goes bullseye Ida cuticles on a
dartboard I was not getting them at all
the Himalayas the Dyke would like they
were on the wall it's back there and
there's like a little pool there and
it's like missing the pole
I go in I didn't pull so she decided hey
wouldn't it be cool if we got this in
slo-mo and I said yeah and I said I said
what if I hate you she was right next to
the dartboard he says if you don't make
it I'm gonna be disappointed if you hit
me I'm gonna be even more hurt and then
and then I said I said okay and I got a
bull's-eye on my first friend it wasn't
a slo-mo video video 1414 you just write
one for you can't would be funny as I
did sunshine thank you mmm what kind of
fish is that gone Cod got all of them
one two three four five six seven month
and ten um you're not the right one oh
this is them what yeah what does it need
e
we're at the end okay so write it two
more times I'm exactly all right just so
you don't forget tomorrow pretty pretty
good not bad so you're gonna remember
that tomorrow okay
oh yeah make it big
one more time alright my friends it's
the end of our day so we need to come up
with a question of the day because every
day we ask a question Haley's got
gorgeous reddish hair I guess hair
here'sh Wow fancy if you could dye your
hair any color what would it be
bloom I do blonde I die I mean I'm not
gonna dye my hair blonde but if I like
if I knew that I could change it back I
just want to see what I would look like
as a blonde
would you die your honesty totes I don't
know would that look weird if I had dark
eyebrows and blonde hair I don't know
alright so Annie that a um Katie's house
I guess I have friend's house but you
guys know who Katie is she's a kid II
just I don't don't poke sad your eye out
yeah sadness tear cry what high school
musical Warner high schoolers kazoo
what's your favorite High School Musical
and if you don't know high school
musical is it's a movie about kids in
high school this guess just just say a
random number mine is all of them
because I'm not sure which ones which I
like one and two I mean I like three but
it's just not really my favorite cuz
it's sad cuz like ending up on school
and so yeah what I do okay so so so so
so so bye you guys you tomorrow so we're
gonna text her the question of the day
and she will answer it I know what
they're gonna say cuz they've talked
about this what my guess is they're
gonna say ombre oh okay my job is
probably gonna say turquoise turquoise I
think they're both gonna say ombre all
right my friend so we're gonna roll this
to Annie and to Katie
we could come to blows
Blaise Pascal meson huh we're gonna have
try the trip office in the morning
gonna be super buddies piggies Mickey
okay I was like no okay
watch movie watches you guys your thing
get to come down below god we all know
the question of the day hmm if you could
direct you go any color what would it be
what would it be
adios a sayonara see you tomorrow
thanks for watching daddy's asleep hmm
with her oh hey she's getting her icing
done I see we're icing her leg we've got
almost a dead battery oh yeah so bonus
footage you guys we forgot that we
wrapped up but we still wanted to show
you guys cuz I talked about it earlier
that we were going to come down here and
hang with Winnie give her some love and
attention and ice her up she's a
Dalmatian and we let Gigi come down here
too because she's being very sweet and
when he's actually being pretty good we
iced it and she's been laying here with
us yeah she loves it
we just wanted to give you guys some
bonus footage cold fishel trouble yeah
she's been trying to lick it it's taped
up so you can't see the staples staples
yeah I'd staples not stitches not crazy
I can't imagine I've never been stapled
I've never been stitched either ah you
ready to get up alright time to get you
in bed no that's right you've had
stitches Oh what there's one of those
things are under ankle know what things
are out it talked about I need to back
that's one that's born with pulling down
there okay she's like I'll come back
that's why we're I sing alright guys
we're gonna get Winnie all situated and
then we'll see you guys tomorrow no
she's okay that's why we're doing this
yeah oh they said that what did they say
got the normal one I'll go look at the
paperwork yeah that's the normal one
we're gonna make sure that's the normal
one first off yes if it surrounded me
it's bad but it's right in the ankle it
just something needs to be done to a
camera okay we were checking Winnie
she has an edema apparently where the
fluid pulls down towards the bottom of
the leg so we're going to put a warm
pack on it to make it go down you can
see it in her leg see how it's kind of
like right here so it they said that
that's normal
and we just need to heat it to put some
warm a warm solution on it always
remember to celebrate birthday baby
thanks for watching
Vitaliy
