time for me Oh Annie got locked in the
car for the child locks on now you know
how to keep you in the car are you
excited to see Winnie later litterer
pick it up by the trashcan that's the
right thing to do yeah there's a trash
can right not there we'll find the trash
can just think as it was now don't touch
it there yeah think of how much you're
helping saving the environment oh when
he's legs up there she sees an athlete
she had to come to a sports medicine
orthopedic because she's an athlete oh
my god yeah she's been excited
you did good she was great so you can
recreate this at home with just a towel
or you wanna use a like a reusable
shopping bag and cut out the sides but
she probably really won't need this okay
all right I'm gonna go out I'm gonna
grab the car she like oh oh do the hefty
girl I actually have an Englishman do
you got weight normal the water weight
oh all right should actually a little
bit lankier whoa is good okay good we
missed you or dog hey Nana I'm
comfortable sitting right now I can't
see your face win hell there we go she's
gonna sit easy Winnie look at it guys
oh my goodness I shaved her sick I can't
Annie
mmm oh no what's going on just better
she doesn't know what to do is you're
just gonna stand there the whole time
sit down bitches hey what's the yellow
stuff sorry
iodine all right so we were sent home
with good Winnie with lots of lots of
stuff like you want to see her goody bag
okay so this is like a hot or cold
compress either way cuz she's gonna need
that you can heat it up in the microwave
or freeze it we made use that stuff for
you what else we have we have the DVD
that tells us about physical therapy we
got to do physical therapy for her
there's some codeine is that the word
for it that codeine type yeah
her fur collar her lampshade what Annie
like attack that person us do boxes so
like just some regular stuff they gave
are basically different kinds of
Medicine shaver biotic the humanik the
dog equivalent to ibuprofen and then aid
the dog equivalent to like Oh major like
angel yeah winning when you survive I'm
gonna bet you put on her she like you
stop petting me Oh Winnie you are gonna
do that right now
home sweet home Oh Winnie Oh easy easy
Winnie put your front paws down first
are you ready to go for a little walk
with me now that one alright waiting
we're gonna go around and they're gonna
let us in come on my baby
come on Winnie come on win
Winnie come on they said you could do it
good curl she's not even putting it down
now come on let's go we're gonna go get
you in your bed she's home she's very
excited to go in her bed she's home
there she goes she did it let me take
this off of you and you keep it well
thank you Winnie Winnie pleasure and
yeah I gotta put a cone on she's not
gonna come out probably this is where
you're gonna be for a little while okay
we're gonna get you comfy and then we
got to eat some lunch
look at you - look at you - we brought
your dis tour home are you happy to see
her you can't really see her you guys
got to be completely separated for a
long time alright when you just had a
treat
and we're gonna leave her in here so she
has to wear her cone might we little
baby it's gonna be time for medicine
soon oh my gosh you guys I feel so bad
for her
who had ever heard of a dog tearing
their knee Oh Winnie get some sleep
sweet baby where in the world is Annie
now guess where I bet they can tell you
think I'm gonna 360 probably cuz I saw
the horses okay so yes I am going worth
like riding Batman does so yeah gonna be
fun I'll be gonna film it how about you
film one for my video like if we don't
have a video for a week when we go
riding yeah don't take this outside
Oh lazy Tanner yeah brain for the past
two days so the little muddy look at all
you see the horse head know if you guys
can see that over the hill do you see it
oh you're so cute thanks for the ride
lucky alright we just got home and we're
leaving she got a Leo on and we're
headed thank you much Stephanie um
headed to the gym or some gymnastics
Manny doesn't know where's the door
sorry are you ready
we literally had 10 months um 20 maybe
we checked on Winnie winds curse she
went outside she wanted went could to go
to the bathroom if that's not TMI for
you here you take off badger I um daddy
better with other to know itself I know
I had to I let them out for like 10
minutes they were so nice in 10
and then I had to lock them back up hey
my friends ever wonder what Haley
watches on her iPod or plays on what you
doing hey watching DIYs you are well we
just arrived at the gym so need to get
your little adidas superstars off of my
seat and get out thank you very much
because you literally have two minutes
to be in the gym okay are you ready to
rock this practice what no boy all right
well are you ready to go and get through
this practice we are going to see
mary-kate wrestle for the first time
because every time it happens we're not
we like can't make it and stuff because
it's like tooling morning or it's too
far away or at mastics but today it got
right and time because the honey rush
out the door Jim and I really know
whatever so we're going to marry key
three magic
look at a little barricade Oh Mira
bender wrestling tournament I don't know
oh my gosh
what can we win oh they both got me
don't like I mean kind of more exciting
I thought but they cut weight tips
but all that mean
wait is it over so one more like two
minutes all right so that's the first
time I've seen mary-kate Russell since
she was little tiny itty bitty that your
first time for real
well you might have been little she
crept she explained what we were when
they were little right maybe she'll like
should feel like I went to one
tournament in Texas and so she loves
that one but she wrestled hard
we'll see that the other teams
undefeated so we'll see how this turns
out
No
yeah
he was cute I'll have to rewind the
footage and see how cute he is
you're trying to marry off my knee I
okay so
and it cramped up
really crying so I just strain it on
five
we really Michael real where your mommy
did you lose her lost your mommy what
about you Annie you lost her anything
because how is it mastics what did you
learn did you get any tickets how many
we need all your when your dog is gone
Sayers let her out I did I fed her and I
gave her and she can't come with the
stairs
no she had knee surgery you goofball
you can let those dogs in what happened
her away she had knee surgery hey yellow
they used iodine to keep her from
getting infected by Winnie I gave her
medicine she should be getting drowsy
this is a long road Bailey yeah three
months three months there's gonna be
limited mobility you can see her yeah
today we thought of question day
daddy I did and it is there's three but
they're simple do you say a or a me off
it depends on what the sentence is Y or
the depends on what the sentences either
either neither or neither I say either
either I say either either or neither
either no I think either neither now I
say either just either either I say
either
um and I say usually nah no D both it's
weird
no like the Northwest Territories I'd
say would you say the horse or the
worse in the horse the horse I would say
but sometimes I say thief like titles ok
so anyways dr. game looks do another
question that is the the a uh neither
neither either either oh yeah Mauro
Mauro always remember to celebrate life
ah babe babe thanks for watching for
tailee
