today I'm bailing alright so we'll be
back and we'll see what really good
morning
we're Disneyland we're at Disney but
we're not actually going to be yeah I
don't know if we're actually going into
the park today maybe you don't know I
don't know I just know where that we're
supposed to meet us Disneyland Hotel for
a photo shoot for the magazine true the
magazine is bored you know can I say
yeah Shh op show stopper man show
stopper magazine so we'll give you more
details on it we had to bring what we
have to bring a favorite pair of jeans
what else sure we didn't bring socks
we're be supposed to oh ok so we brought
a favorite pair of jeans a favorite pair
of shorts and shoes we brought your
purple vans and your black bands when I
didn't bring in each song hopefully they
don't have socks I think they're doing
the rest of the Wardrobe and they're
doing your hair and makeup so hopefully
they have stop okay let's go well yeah
let's just go let's go
okay guys so this is one of the outfits
the magazine is coming out I think June
so this was super cute they're doing
stuff that Annie would wear and then
some stuff that she might not wear but
if this is a fun look so there's our her
shoes we brought a few things of her own
that's good incorporated she's always
been known as short so it's fun Tiny's
everyone like when people say like
you're tiny they mean like tiny isn't
like a stick stick you know like she's
excited really tall if anybody tells her
she looks tall that they're you're her
favorite person okay so we're gonna get
into with a photo shoot and we'll see
you when we're done but we just wanted
to check in and let you guys know that
we can't give everything away stay tuned
we'll let you know when it's magazines
out and how you can get it my legs mine
you did that when I was your age too I
think it went you're cold right mind
don't do it anymore is probably cuz I
think it's your size too cuz I've got
more fat on me now am i no ever I like
seriously I'm not saying I'm not trying
to like be down on myself I'm just
saying when I was your size
I remember that exactly but it would be
when I was cold it's like splotchy like
I don't know how to explain it like
almost like looks like veins not that
bad they can fix that we wrapped already
now we're layer early this is good
tired we're tired and we're hungry story
of our life I'm gonna start going
through a drive-thru I don't never at
Disneyland I don't know what's around
here
no no oh wait we got a bag swag bag have
you looked see what's in there alright
stay tuned look at my hair bobby pins I
mean I'm not sure I did it I'm gonna try
to take that down
this is a lot of bobby pins
watch me take down my hair you might not
want to move the car seven that you're
tilted guys you didn't feel like
straight I will later I'm gonna do a
hole after I get my hair down
No
on Ian
look la makeup - what about it it's like
Bray on camera
the lady who did her makeup was the lady
who did live in Clemmons like I don't
know if like was the whole time but it
wasn't dumb though oh she didn't do
doves
she did everybody else's that's cool
though yeah
oh yeah well that's as good as it's
gonna get
stern you're out we had friends there to
their word friends yeah we had
Serena and Serena
I'm drawing a blank who else was the
Emily oh yeah Emily
there's more people I can't remember
yeah all right anyone that's still hall
what are we getting
okay we have some kettle corn
caramel you guys say caramel or caramel
it really depends to me I think caramel
I when I'm like speaking like a clock
it's a caramel apple
these are caramel like like Milky Way
has caramel in it but it's a caramel
apple that's weird okay anyways then we
have this awesome water bottle oh that's
cold take a little swell water got a
little key chain yes I just thought it
there's something in it
no I so smell that I did spilled it a
sugar scrub they smooth foamy sugar lip
subscribe was packed with moisturizing
mango butter
ingredients it's like a let's go for
like oh it's uh what kind of scrub is
this go yeah and then I got this shirt I
think it's a shirt this shirt
that's cute this little link it's sticky
no it's a look at the key change if you
chose a key time oh yeah and then
there's just like really would like yeah
let's put this all back I'm gonna figure
out what's kind of spread that is and
then you'll also move the camera on the
way home on a Sunday afternoon almost
evening peace out we'll see you when we
get okay friends we just watched
Halley's hair and lately I've been
noticing that as her as her hair's been
giving longer or she's been getting
older um like the curls up here she's
still got good curls down here but it's
getting like just cuz I just here's the
system we wash your hair we conditioned
it and in the bath I use a brush and get
all the tangles out and then I just let
it air dry we part it we brush it again
after the bath I mean we part it and it
just air dries but it's been like really
like I don't know but somebody suggested
a diffuser which I knew that people used
but so we bought a diffuser we're going
to try it out but I think it's like
takes some practice so tonight we're
just gonna practice let's do it okay
according okay I'm not gonna record the
whole process No so do it flip my hair
over yeah but I think it can dry a
little bit on its own before we started
but they told us I've been doing a lot
of reading and watching videos and this
says so we didn't use a brush we finger
combed hold on
we finger combed after we conditioned it
and then it says don't use a brush I
think that's what's pulling the curls
out and literally then we're just going
to like cup this with our head upside
down and blow dry it without using a
brush and we'll see I know I can't
promise major curls today the first time
I do it but if we can get it down like
I'm gonna teach Hayley how to do it well
she's gonna watch it ready alright so
we'll be back and we'll see what we
decided hang with yes
Annie's joined in on the fun we don't
know if our techniques good yet but
we're trying but no don't you try to
touch it as little as some but instead
you can use your fingers a little but to
touch it as little as possible because
that makes it frizzy and it said low fan
yeah I guess you can sit sit on your
bottom
and we are we're working with the ends
and then we're gonna work our way up and
he's not feeling great she's got a tummy
ache poor Annie all right Haley back to
you could you look uncomfortable okay
this is with no product cuz I don't have
any like anti frizz or curl poor Annie
daddy oh I got curls are you going this
is with no product like I got to get
some anti frizz it looks like I just
took it out for a first try braid braid
like she's not feeling well you're gonna
tell me it for a first try I don't think
I did too shabby so you guys if you have
any recommendations for what kind of
anti frizz or curly on camera it's like
that it does not look that curly on
camera actually look really really it's
definitely curly up here than what we
usually yeah and it said to dry at 95%
so maybe it'll cool I think it looks
pretty good first try it didn't take us
very good you know the inter curlier
then yeah and it said to do it 95
percent so it's not fully dry that's
pretty good but I got to figure out how
to get less frizz there's a little bit
of frizz in here but they said I could
take like small pieces and use a curling
iron or the other way they said to
before you dry it they suggested that
you do a little bit of help like you
curl oh we had a little and then you
diffuse it like that that's gonna be
like curly curly like but what we did
was instead of it being so flat up here
look at this girl up here on the root
like that's your look at that how crazy
she's gonna just have wild hair she
wants wild big hair I think we did that
Jessie if we didn't get it we did maybe
do 95% the said 95% dry alright
guess what this is where you guys say
what Annie
ooh TMI but look at a smile on her face
okay this is gonna probably if you guys
have a weak stomach don't listen to this
conversation because this is how it went
mom mommy I feel like I need to burp
okay well then burped but if I burp I'm
probably gonna throw up I said then go
over the toilet and burp
can she did not like that idea but she
did and glad she went to the toilet
wonder what it was knock on wood
that's not one but pines them would they
hardly ever get sick here's cardboard
does that count Oh found it okay well
I'm glad you feel a little better
tomorrow Annie and Daddy are going to a
songwriting meeting we're gonna meet
with a songwriter because we want to get
some we want to keep some songs coming
and I'm gonna stay home with hey hey
chick up a she's gonna do some school
well I get this house song right or
something back in order because every
time we go somewhere I feel like I have
the house straightened up and then we
come back in with all of our bags and it
is a complete mess so that's the plan
for tomorrow I feel like it's time to do
a question of the day at this oh I'm
scared of things coming out of your
mouth right now um question of the day
would you rather have a headache or a
sore throat
I would rather have a headache
no I'm going you've got to pick one
you'd rather have a headache really have
to do anything why what do you mean
you're a sore throat you're really sick
with you when you say
get over it whatever I feel like a
headache I can take a pill and have not
have a headache anymore sore throat I
feel like it's harder to get rid of I'd
rather have a headache me knocking on
Haley's door how are you doing curlicue
it's time for the question of the day
which is would you rather have a sore
throat or a headache a headache yeah
headache crew high five no you and I
said headache those Boone said sore
throat sore throats are miserable
alright my friends thanks for watching
today back to it tomorrow the Sunday was
pretty good food gonna get here No
alright guys we'll see you tomorrow
comment down below headache or sore
throat if you had to pick one what would
you choose bye we're gonna see what
these curls look like tomorrow I also
read that if you put it up in like a
high pony it will help and I think we'll
just like spray in condition and try to
diffuse it again tomorrow
yay spray in condition believin
condition you know what I mean
okay you guys school tomorrow hope you
enjoyed your day up she got all her all
her school done for the week Hailey's
like bye it's time to be gone for the
day okay bye guys to celebrate
thanks for watching
Britt Ailee
