today I'm bikini boys don't you get
ready to participate I do have to watch
right baby that's right guys it's 6:20
in the morning Wendy and I are on our
way to the VAT for her to get her
surgery
do you even know any yeah you just tired
you thoroughly
look who's already awake this morning
and so it's act of it I didn't daddy ran
Winnie to the doctor the vet for her
surgery and I get drugged myself out of
bed and came in here and someone was
like hi sweet little voice
I can't leave your this ready for school
it's been too long
good to see your school friends okay
your breakfast is ready yeah yay seven
o'clock in the morning with Haley
golly put her in bed early last night
I didn't think she was actually gonna
get to sleep but I guess she did she
just snuggled on the couch watching Liv
and Maddie how long you been awake you
know what time since sit so seven really
you're gonna be tired tonight hi
that's early are you ready it's like the
first day of school all over again yeah
first day of school of my hair was it up
oh yeah I could get your hair down on
the first day of school and it's winter
so you're all bundled up yeah Haley
usually wears her hair down but today we
did a high bun and we were ready to rock
the school day okay she's ready to dance
on the school whatever I did that you're
dancin to school you should try that
yeah
listen don't film you that'd be
embarrassing oh I don't want to hailey I
don't want to hey daddy usually takes
her to the school and I get the day that
it's raining do you guys want to know
what's behind me the gem that's right
four weeks into this workout and not
work out eating healthy and I decided to
go to the gym today Billy's already here
girls are at school and gym I'm going to
join him and get on the elliptical and
try to burn some extra calories I
haven't been to the gym a long time so
don't know how I feel about it if I'm
gonna give it a shot and hope to burn
extra calories and get down - I'm on
almost 210 pounds and I'm trying to get
210 pounds I just got back in the car
from school really and I just did this
new backpack
backpack and a new backpack because it's
not really new it's new for my school
lets me Dad learn to play um new for me
tired and I'm probably an e wasn't easy
teeth TZ okay what is it and probably
gonna do some homework so
I'm probably gonna go to bed earlier
taking them well
so what are your plans for today oh yeah
we already married even that used to be
helping what helping cook mommy ma I
have been helping thank you very much
happy not helping what do you feel like
getting tickled today or something yeah
try to catch me caught you oh hey I
worked out for an hour today uh-huh
so I don't know if I can chase you and
tomorrow I definitely won't be able to
chase you because my legs are gonna be
sorry we're late um well I'm in like a
jacket hey boots do you want me to check
on the camera okay I'm not afraid
everybody saw my weight if they watch my
ass biggest action loser wait but I'm
gonna be up because I'm in all this
Haley are almost almost 50 pounds
alright so I'm guessing the lowest I've
been is 1:30 2.8 but that wasn't on an
official weigh-in day but I'm guessing
I'm at least 3 pounds above that with
all this on it so I'm hoping that it
says 135 point wait wait right 130 got
135 point to way off the subways a lot
or I'm just fooling myself 130 8.6
that's a horrible
this stuff's heavy I'm just going with
that what does that ban and did what
like karate people do they do back tucks
off of this leg I'd be like wow Haley
eventually we're gonna get this
Christmas stuff down we usually get it
down the day after I think or the day of
New Year's Day I'm not sure what got
very close to that but you know we were
kind of slow getting it up all up we got
the tree up relatively quick
oh can I win it you can open one freeze
don't do any of that stuff with that in
your mouth yes that's right you guys we
got new bracelets why well our regular
ones do this is specifically for the
meat so every gymnast who signed up to
be in the meat is going to get one of
those in their bags I don't think
there's going to be a bag of something
like a goodie bag
destinations the meats called great
destinations everybody's going to get
one of these and then when we're walking
around we're gonna hand them out at the
meat and then for our meet and greet
we're gonna hand them out so we got lots
now I got a ticket
it's just thanks for signing up for our
meat or thanks for coming to our meet
just a thank you
cool huh we can't wait to see some of
you guys that'll be exciting it's
t-minus two weeks before we leave
dinners cooking and slime is made
I'm keep waiting for the day
hello hurricane Haley for you guys to be
get tired of the slime don't let me
touch the ground duh
was that about
but besides being sore what's going on
post for my last day only you and she
was a leap year I know so
Annie is finishing up her Instagram
challenge she did this for the year
here's a mnemonic it it's her last day
it was a leap year so 365 was yesterday
but three there was a leap day it was a
leap year this year so she's got 366
technically this year Wow so this is the
last one and let's see let's do a recap
there was two days one day where you
posted after midnight but you hadn't
gone to sleep yet yep right and then the
other day just recently where it didn't
post right so two days out of all 365
where they didn't go up exactly on time
but it wasn't really like you weren't
really asleep the first time I mean you
saw your date wasn't over like you
posted like at 12:20 or something like
that
oh hello Haley laying in a laundry
basket with a pillow let's zoom in on
that action guys that's too big for your
bed you're gonna fall over
that's a king-size pillow you don't have
a king-size bed or pillow case so this
is it you guys you followed us on this
journey of posting every day on
Instagram and you know vlogging for six
years no biggie
boys watch that bit of a daddy man yeah
he made a 6-year vlog of vlog of
bursaries video
we did um what are you doing in six
years yeah six years we should um say
what we're doing yeah we should look
back on that video and see what we're
doing and say we're going to do in the
next six years
no say what we're doing right now and
then say well what are you gonna do in
the next pictures from them wait if I'm
14 I'm going to be Pony oh wow Andy
that's really dramatic watch your head
but door head narrow we find the tip of
her tongue I'm not gonna lie I'm gonna
be glad when this is over
nice stroke she drove me nuts with it oh
how was your day today
oh don't that's not nice Hailey's
finally eating dinner what what I didn't
have the right fingerprint BAM get new
fingerprint get the same one as mine
sorry I'll go order it up yeah I just
say 60 a zipper tailing or just go to
our Channel oh yeah it's youtube.com
slash bratayley if you didn't know
immediate comm button yeah there should
be r18 wait Haley got some more of the
stuff out from inside wait
well don't go wash your hands before you
to eat because I don't know what's that
stuff what what that's made out of yeah
wash them go with soap youtube.com slash
Brad day I say bro not Brad tailee
brought a like bra hailey Bratley mm-hmm
there's lots of variations that's it
there it is you guys oh my gosh eleven
minutes hmm
yeah he went a little over what time's
up
hey you know that guy and hey he's
trying to get that again he's on his
well on his way we made it I don't know
where we made it Oh trip down memory
lane all right god it's nice to see the
rest of this it's on our channel maybe
there'll be a link it's really sweet
it's kind of neat how he did it
watch our journey in 11 minutes or just
watch all of our videos and watch our
journey and in full I'm wearing the same
jacket from two years ago
like right now 2015 and he's still
confession to that jacket go play it cuz
we can do it okay I'll stop talking I'm
so annoying guys um yeah that's what we
say when your own windrow behind your
back I guess oh you better be so kidding
me Haley you're gonna be wearing that
jacket in two years yeah yeah I hope
it's a cool Jack ugly hey nice my babe
you just burned yourself
yes let's all see your face with it than
me it's true it would have been and I
probably would have punched you guys
right in the nose
my I wouldn't punch you were kidding
people we're kidding child appears not
wait you just skip to hand you don't
think you're annoying right now no I
just lesson a little bit of spelling
homework before we go to bed but I just
like to point out how pretty Haley's
doing this it's like fancy letters look
how pretty is that nice fancy you so
fancy Haley oh you're really gonna learn
your words like this though huh or maybe
you're not even paying attention to the
letters maybe you're just paying
attention how fancy it is yeah
are they hard words do they get harder
mmm you're very talkative tonight got a
lot on your mind
yeah floss necklace that doesn't sound
you know some people stay up like 3:00
in the morning
filming video I felt bad for myself
staying up too long she just filmed a
video stay tuned to hurt for her channel
actually it'll be up by the time you see
this
okay so Haley invented the new and
improved actually it's not approved did
you just flick yourself a slow slobber
flossing necklace so that you know have
you guys ever tried evening today okay
well we're not gonna have seven
too bad I was trying to do a commercial
on this new invention but I lost my
train of thought do not pull do not
sleep with that around your neck
understand
you can floss until you go to bed tell
them um but this sneak peek of your
video is kind of sneak peek but times it
what it is what's in it my purse
was there any surprises yeah a lot of
receipts
yeah so a lot of trash mm-hmm you throw
it away or you shove it back in neither
you left it out I got the camera I've
turned off my room light I was gonna
wear my glasses but there was a glare I
am a subscribe pillow came up again dang
it
try to be crafty I've logged the second
half
what do you mean I really just held the
camera oh okay here's my view we shared
all my stuff on the floor and my
subscribe below the laughs so as I just
don't forget to subscribe mm-hmm all
right I think it's time for the question
of the day because Annie's had a long
day Hailey's had a long day I've had an
extremely long day I exercise today
you're used to it so yeah good once what
I that's nice hey um what is it called
when you go to sleep video what is it
nighttime or doing here yeah we were
gonna do that tonight but she was
worried to put that in your mouth
but no you don't put things in your
mouth I'm proud of you for being
consistent liked you for like didn't
okay first of all here's the real story
she filmed two or three videos this week
in a slime video sharing is caring okay
two or three videos a slime video and al
I told the math live it but on the vlog
did you know no so Shh
and she didn't like how they turned out
and she didn't want those edited so what
it she's got something I need to work on
the cam when are you gonna post a video
on your channel Little Miss people have
been asking hey hey hey what what do you
want to do um 2017 that's like a
resolution and we already asked I did
layouts templates and high-beam sorry I
did too
that's good but don't you usually do
them on non high V why are you crazy
what do you do at a meet mommy wait if
we haven't done that I hope we done him
on low-beam since we came back from
Christmas break oh and she puts me on
happy did you make it yeah okay
what's the hardest thing you've ever
done that's the question of the day I
like gymnastics no just in general yeah
gymnastics layout step-out Sunbeam huh
life life life is hard what you don't
have to wake up in the marching this way
you're changing the question of the day
oh you said yeah what is the hardest
thing uh-huh
I'm saying the hardest thing to go
through
uh-huh now if Caleb's he loves cable
that was Caleb I don't want to say that
word yeah okay
I think everybody knows what you're
talking about so you don't have to say
that for the people who just watching
this video so oh by the way my name is
Annie welcome to the channel sometimes
Annie and Haley are sassy sometimes
alright so that's it whole I still have
to get ready
you have to watch right they shouldn't
put makeup on for a video alright this
video has gotten completely out of hand
okay
defconn's pumpkin load another question
today is what's the hardest thing you've
ever done
you left the Hardison oh wait I didn't
answer dinner you said life oh yeah and
gymnastics yeah and waking up an hour
late I was such a Calum such a Calum
face and sound make the Caleb's home he
was hit in the back seat and make noises
and that was one of them hey what does
he say about New York people he had a
New York accent
Oh what what I got New York right you do
our accent or something like that hey
we've been filming for a really long
time you want to see oh we've got to get
you ten minutes guys come on pushing
there any money if you're still here if
you're still here you get it an award
you get to come to our meetup that we
don't have we do we have one in
California coming up you get to come to
Amita and just for the record it just
worked out that our another meetup is
happening in LA we're gonna try to get
places other than California and Florida
for some meetups but hot on Texas yeah
we've got one in the works somewhat in
the beginning stages for a Texas meetup
so special huh uh-huh
all right guys we will see you tomorrow
bye Jake sweet dreams everybody toodles
always remember to celebrate life hey ah
babe oh babe thanks for watching
Vitaly
