so um today Shanna goes to Emma
underscore Warford on music plays and
she suggested we do this game called
hiding
hi Sophie of the game of the outrage I
don't know but it's yours oh hey a
little better and then you go like this
you had a creamy spin and whatever
number you get took these things and so
has a face of Sun and the whipped cream
comes and slaps them in the face if they
everything cops I think you don't know
when it's coming so it's pretty and then
there is a grime all over your face so
and how many orders are worse I'm on
first
keep going keep going keep going very
good right face alright okay that's it
come on hi number come on
oh all the way you're right even
don't put in a face just like old times
we have food by inner this is some
kitchen on base all right who's next
he's got a horse on it did you like that
yeah it kind of cool is my face off very
I hope it gets all over her thanks and
wait all the way in
okay good knee bend morning oh yeah
oh I'm not doing you good right now are
you gonna point to more weight yeah she
was yeah we're gonna play mine oh can
you face all the way up it's coming here
we go oh I'm just gonna somebody no no I
really want to play this one too but
that's all pretty much for because you I
need up favorite out something good now
oh my god it's got a little chin to the
tins in yeah that's nice cozy forward
and to I got one
yes come on come on please
how did we do this I was very tiny hard
board I swear if it's three boys come on
whip cream it's gonna hate you this time
oh my hands are too dang not did not
help mommy use stuff on you three
there's cheap on licking Thank You
t-bone come on
said you got this
weirdo II know feel like it's going down
your face all the way in there get your
bags all the way in the lander bring the
paper you can see it comin coming m3
come on please sweetie just once we hide
maybe I'll be getting more than that
just like the taste
uh-huh I got in her mouth okay cut my
debt or the text what did you get
okay guys thanks for watching limit the
comment down below what we should do for
the next video and where you want your
shoutout
like a tire and stir you even feed it
whipped cream playboy always remember to
celebrate life baby
thanks for watching
Brit Ailee
