time for me so apparently there is
practice and there's like only like
three people here it's Roy fat and you
stole like have 20 minutes and and I
can't believe that New Year's Eve is
today can they cold in here yeah blow
but not all those warm bodied people to
keep it warm in here I have so many
things that I want to say to you right
now one you're sleeping on a dog bed
- it's probably dirty you're under
you're on that you're on it three did
anyone at the dog sleep with you mmm no
Piper laid with me anymore you know you
pulled her off the couch yeah good job
um for what are your plans until this
evening oh good plan it's a really good
plan
get up quit being lazy and let's get
this day started do you want to help me
clean or organize anything today nope
I'm gonna go continue cleaning and
organizing I can't decide if I want to
do the kitchen cabinets or the horribly
cluttered office you inspired me you and
Hayley inspired me to get this house
organized so thank you huh because the
remember of the two houses like that we
went to Mia's and then soon after Shaun
and Anders you're like I want our house
to be all organized and decorated okay I
got to get busy my feet hurt so bad last
night
they ate because I was on all day
I'm afraid that's going to happen again
so we're gonna I'm gonna do that until
it's time to party by party I mean watch
the ball drop here at home oh you take a
little nap on the way we're headed to
your friends Alexis house right one
miles you will reach your destination
I'm very sad but happy that you've got
big plans for tonight but I'm sad that I
don't get to spend New Year's Eve with
you being happy in season but I am sure
we'll see you to next I was gonna say
I'm not gonna see you till next year
that's crazy
it is next year for real totally next
year okay we are here they're having a
little party you want to tell them
what's going on okay yeah telling you so
so Alexis mom and dad are getting
married or getting married so they've
invited hey leave it Lex I have needed a
friend so they invited Hayley over and
you should eat it a friend needed a
friend until they're gonna hang out and
you get to watch you get married so just
like a wedding at the house right on New
Year's Eve that's so cool give me a kiss
nah I love you very much and I hope you
have a blasty blast hey we did send a
camera with Hayley so hopefully she'll
get a little party footage oh my god
that is so cool what are you gonna do
yeah you guys
Annie was going to film a video but the
camera wasn't working we finally figured
out what it was it was a rookie mistake
the memory card was full we figured it
out so now time got away from us and
TJ's gonna be here soon but stay tuned
she'll make one cuz this slime is pretty
cool
oh that your best one is that one is
what's what the consistency better do
you remember what you did different No
then how are you gonna die now how are
you gonna teach people how to make it Oh
good my because it's just so tiny it was
it was it the same you did the same
recipe yeah
just tiny your things hola amigos we're
at the wedding yes Alexa Alexa
there is like two babies here and now
there is to me oh yeah I'm like I love
babies
but where are we going all right and
there's so many people here I didn't
know there was gonna be this much people
I won't and use a bag like could you see
her alright yeah and we're just walking
around now house someone dial nine one
thousand one and then wait for the other
one yeah where do I'm so good at this
okay so we're gonna be cutting this open
it's a little squishy ball I mean I
think it's something white I don't know
but let's see
I just cut it I guess okay ready yeah
you definitely have to watch our hand I
don't meet elevation that cool yeah if
he was like a marshmallow
I know like that's exactly what this is
not like it it doesn't we're gonna make
slime after see you guys this is Annie
supplies for her video that she didn't
get to do
she was my going judge today I be cute
and all set up
Thank You the ring night this is so
weird it's we it's like it's very sweet
but it's not I don't get it I it feels
like not to get all of it but then stick
see ya I Meredith oh she don't touch
what I got hot there you go but in that
cool the bright I didn't want to burn
you probably it's really hot hello I was
not expecting nothing like this
probably online somewhere yeah I am
going to introduce some of what people
start with good luck
okay ready what's her name his name is
Caleb his name is Kayla oh my god girl
what is your name yeah yeah love Ben ah
okay guys so I've got TJ here and
t-minus four hours and 15 min 45 45 45
so Adi is downstairs that's what you
will be hearing and me indeed you're
going to be filming a video so yeah I
guess a questions all oh yeah we was
wearing those but then I was doing
gymnastics all his life let's take this
off so yeah we will be back after the
video and show you what we're doing and
it's also an experiment slalom we're
gonna be adding stuff you probably won't
add to slime and see if it works
love it yeah just good dabbing hmm all
right so TJ's trying to teach you hi did
she give you this thing why are you
wearing one song I just noticed that
Oh where'd you shop now yeah what did I
do
oh wait no that thing the ball hang Oh
Xena beads beads right here no no no no
they put beads in it that's what's
inside
uh-huh did you get it over honey
BAM all right let's see this see this
dancey Waukee thing so here's my bottom
so far how did I walk right thank you
for the couch she's over there quietly
eating the candy Annie gave addy her
forever
52 jar forever Kent what after that
things called from lolli and pops here
yeah
yeah I can't do that I can't even get
standing still
Miami's just like we are painting oh oh
hi mmm okay I really don't owe anything
from a look you can be in another a
cat's everything love is money wouldn't
really just like cover it with pain
oh you're doing guys
rainbow rainbow or my
it's a gonna have hey it's gonna have
pace hmm you have to look true artist
are you guys going on Alexa they're
gonna pick flowers oh that's better
oh wow no I'm so maybe it's not a
bullish and then do you know the colors
of a rainbow Wow yellow green blue
purple pink nope they don't oh that's
right Roy G bill do you remember that
red orange yellow that spells Roy right
arm John G yeah green blue indigo violet
ROYGBIV this is gonna be like almost
flatter paint I noticed something
now when Haley concentrates her tongue
is out that's funny I do the same thing
I by actually biting my lip when I'm
concentrating you guys gonna make it to
New Year's yeah you know how much more
time how much more time do you have one
hour and 16 minutes you could add little
words in there to Lexon you're a sense
it's a a for Alexa like words that
describe you that start with an a
annoying yeah absolutely time when your
mom is a good cloud very nice
she's not done yet the clown could be
yeah it's compete do the Piave he's a
mix black gray black gray or at me
mm-hmm that's what a vase no you mean
later black which is what later black is
what so is the most fun thing you guys
have done so far today that was more fun
than earlier dodgeball where Oh
gymnastics practice
really that's fun we are live on TJ yeah
yeah my gonna say mine at EJ's lively so
yeah we have 16 minutes I'd it's gonna
die no no the cameras about to die yeah
watch us miss miss the ball drop or
something I'd be back
oh wait like three she's like three - do
you think it's scaring me so what he got
here so I got Carly the cloud and he's
ruined 13x today he I'm got a little
threesome what are you gonna make now
Haley we're gonna add to it eyes no
one's you know no you can do it before
and after okay
before that's so good it looks so good
already
yeah even better use the bigger ones
they run lively what's up we're getting
ready you wanna you want my daddy
you want a hat cuz they um we're very
close how can a minute for the
silver/gray what do you want to have you
want to blow a noisemaker can't blow it
no you can just carry it around do you
want one of these video to just come
soon a sparkling cider poured for
everybody
this year five minutes for a minute let
you guys go stand off your phones and go
chill with your family you made your
last musically of 2016 Oh whistle next
year I'm back on back on don't worry
guys an element of surprise
what happy holidays see you surprised oh
my goodness you guys have almost 2017
welcome to Amanda's announcement a few
minutes ago
you wanna up I couldn't find the remote
copy that means we can you the whole
drop I'll just get another one one
minute you gotta get your shark lling
cider 14 13 12 110
I touch cheers man yeah
no worries just wider mean you gotta go
do your first musically of 2017 45251 30
March 2008 2010 in Princes 25 24 23 2019
18 17 16 mm-hmm poor thing
film another ten nine eight seven six
five four three two one happy new year
happy new year bedtime bedtime now you
guys gotta settle down hmm are you ready
to make a big mess right here okay we're
gonna do confetti
you know what confetti is okay it's
gonna shoot up
it all together no one will know you
don't have anymore you only have to read
it's on point just pick him up with you
and Andy's doing she's gonna throw it up
we are coloring upstairs but we came
down because we saw our food was ready
but it's not so ten minutes so two
minutes this camera's about too bad
because we were filming a bunch of slime
on it so yeah
oh we're switching cameras wait wait
wait that you're it douse which it okay
that let's go be cool again just tell so
question of the day is what's your new
year's resolution but you knew you oh
wait you can't have one yep no you have
a period and I don't like make a list of
I'm gonna name a million three one read
the Bible more that's actually I'm
really good one wrong to make make
videos on my channels like more young
DIY and consistently to go to church at
least one time a week a week
no because Mia said twice a week your
confirmation
oh yeah I have no idea what that means
Oh mine's the Bible and supposed to meet
you
that's perfect money to eat healthier
not just for eight weeks cakes
thanks no eating cake not Eve everything
okay okay so don't forget to come to
blow through another quick of days
what's your new year's resolution and
actually we won't see tomorrow because
we'll see you today because it's
but so here today by happy 2017 oh I'm
gonna like be writing to you on 60 of
them all my papers and be like wait a
minute
217 it's like you do this January 2016
even stars like okay always remember to
celebrate life ah thanks for watching
for tailee
