today I'm bikini we're gonna be gone we
have a travel meet we have our bratayley
meet next month Oh husband we are having
a little vlog footage GoPro versus our
Canon GX 7 or is it G 7 g7 X so we got a
little hayley cam the light is better
definitely on the g7x
we even please come run with me I want
to see I'm gonna do it out of it don't
drop the film somebody film the dogs
stay steady
it goes like dad because it's saying
said he filmed it Winnie and follow her
or chase Piper sure June poor for me but
honor that's too close coupon I'll turn
it on you and and vlog yeah hold it down
here hold it down here nope lower where
my hand is take this hand off now put it
in front of you you guys we got an
action camera
yeah and grip whoa
it follows you so you got to come down
just a little and then you can turn it
so the dogs we can get the dog alright
we're going to compare this side by side
video
hello robots working hard oh wait you
don't run I forgot you can't run you
have your doctor's appointment today
Winnie you guys want to go outside
yeah I definitely think that the light
is better but I gotta we go outside its
got great maybe your the setting they're
setting money all right Haley leaving
here with mommy but yes what time it is
time to take Winnie to the vet we have
to we have to see if her legs need
surgery I don't want it to get hurt
worse because we don't do the right
thing do you want the other dogs in or
out with you mommy
okay Wendy when we made you the bat you
excited do you even know why you're here
Winnie you here could you hurt yourself
good talk you want to go in you wouldn't
want to go in if you knew what they did
in there
it's official turn years to one
she's got to get surgery she's not
putting weight on it he showed me all of
the knee joints and how they work so
basically what it was they have to cut
the bone and make her bone change its
angle so that the knee works properly so
it's going to be eight to twelve weeks
of recovery on how we're going to keep
up on our age into our lease but stay
calm break is always okay Hayley
what are you it on the floor daddy just
got home
are you ready to find out the results
hey Winnie welcome home from the doctor
uh-oh
she need surgery just ordered so it's
for sure torn did they do an MRI or a
x-ray rhombic windy it's mostly humming
don't hold it on the paper yeah she's
back Oh Winnie what she's favored you're
famous what they recognized Winnie
Winnie
what are you thats hilarious
welcome home winning we're so sorry that
you need surgery when and how long is
the recovery uh Oh Mike wait are we here
for eight to twelve weeks
make sure the being or someone else can
come over to watch Oh what do you think
about that we're gonna be gone we have a
travel meet we have our bratayley meet
next month Oh husband we are having a
meet and greet on Sunday what what is
what is that the twenty-second Sunday
January 22nd at the Disney hotel
short fat ball wait a second for anybody
or for people who are coming to the meat
well they it's a it's an event so they
have to pay to get in okay and Chong but
you don't have to go to the meat to do
it but let me we'll be over the meat
that's true Saturday's the meat so
anybody can go to this meet and greet
why is it limited availability only
though they can only based on capacity
they can only let the first thousand
people five thousand one thousand people
can they sign up earlier they just have
to go that day and get a ticket free
selling tickets okay you guys just stay
tuned reselling today's problem but an
FYI okay guess what we're mopping if
you're wondering why that's on there and
come look come look at this Haley
alright talking about getting organized
did you see what I've done while you
were gone Billy
my closet is thrown up I've gotten rid
of like for donations a whole pile of
donations we're right where cuz I'm I
you're gonna shop okay what is it that's
my pile of donation
those were just pillows that were
stashed in there and I'm just going
through all this those are like bags I
haven't gone through these clothes yet
that was just like Oh getting organized
is hard what are this it's a notebook
she's shopping I calls it notice that's
in my closet not out so that's probably
staying
that's a purse those are the key purses
you can shop out there you're not gonna
want anything out there okay it's like
old shirts shoes okay yeah what is that
that is all the retailing makes history
costumes do you remember it yes this
could be good I'm not getting rid of it
you're not stealing the fabric I don't
know what I'm gonna do with it probably
gonna put it away somewhere some things
I just can't get rid of some things that
doesn't bother me can you get rid of
things how do you feel about that you
ready to see it go or do you want to
keep ever ever
hey guys
Oh mom snuggling with my daddy and I
just knocked over his phone you're
welcome daddy don't take me Tresor watch
no I'm just not going with him before I
go and get my backpack out of the car
and do some more school mommies cleaning
out our closet this is the no no never
mind I was going to say it's the last
video to till New Year's but it's not
New Year's is tomorrow when you guys see
this videos gonna be 2017 right daddy
mm-hmm that's cool yep how is it guys
I'm talking to the future okay guys so I
like completely ditched school I was
gonna do it and I decided to just watch
TV so then I took a shower
did um some moisturizing lotion to my
face brush my teeth and I'm gonna
attempt to blow dry my hair so this is
gonna be fun never done it before I have
a brush Tommy nice I might prop the
camera up and hands here I'm figuring
this out guys so let's do this and my
fingers are like really roaring room
hello just go back there we go how my
finger like huh oh hi Haley
let's see I'm trying to blow-dry my hair
but it's not working okay so maybe I
like what is this like why would they
put this on me what was it another
instructor for this thing and here it is
it's pretty good for my first one and I
wasn't trying to go like pull out Brides
the little damp but this thing is awful
you guys and he's laying on the dog bed
with one of the dogs yeah we're trying
to train the dogs and not go on the
couch now there what did that what's
wrong oh they're growling that's cuz one
of them's got a bone get her a bone I'm
gonna go check in with Hayley to see
what she's doing how's this is
comfortable
so we brought their bed out to train
them to lay on their bed and he's not
too happy about this new rule and Hayley
needs help we are like partying it up on
this Friday night actually obviously I'm
being sarcastic but I think we're gonna
party it up tomorrow
not really party but we're gonna be up
late
what is going on oh that's fun
let's play a game let's see what kind of
mess Haley made in here mmm uh-huh oh
yes it looks like a gory um horror movie
with I don't know what the blue would be
it's a pretty color
it's like coral what color are you gonna
do one do these two or do this for do
that for like New Year's bold red can
you believe that tomorrow is New Year's
Eve no you can't crazy I know and then
next the next day is 2017
okay I'm gonna go show I'm gonna finish
my closet in my bedroom where my baby
will watch a movie it's late though I
just looked at the clock and we better
start the movie now though so we're
gonna wind down with movie night but I
want to go give a quick update on my
room my closet because I am super proud
of myself the closets
done everything's in it that's gonna
stay in it and then I've got a big huge
pile of donation a big pile of trash so
let me give you guys a quick tour cuz
I'm very excited and I where is Hayley
though okay so my piles gotten bigger
yeah there's hey why are you taking it
off I need help so needs doing you okay
well maybe Annie will do it we're gonna
watch a movie so maybe go ask her she'll
do it real quick
look you guys oh thank you oh thank you
so look I don't know I think you guys
saw before I moved all my shoes over
here yes I borrowed your step stool so
my shoes used to be over here but I've
moved dad switched so now my wall of
shoes yeah I got my boots down there
it's like a little closet tour
our long sleeves and sweatshirts and
short sleeves and three-quarter sleeves
and tanks and jackets and jeans and
dresses are ever there you can me look
how tall he is
look what else I found I've had a lot of
good stuff in here so yeah I found this
picture playlists 2015 and then I found
an old school oh ho I'm not gonna put in
an old school tailee car but all they're
selling them I'm a potato I'm keepin the
pan ready put it in
you
it needs to be straightened but and your
hair is like wet from your bath and not
combed out turn around
it might look real if we actually
straightened it I'm just been walking
like this and then you're like all right
come your extensions you wore one time
and you think they're yours
ah it's cuz it's curly and not comb yeah
I had to loosen it I think she has a
bigger head than you it's actually not
no that's not your real hair your real
hair it's back here oh right here it's
hard to tell it really matches well this
is your real hair this is it just makes
you look like you have a lot more hair
and about three inches longer probably I
hate a change so the question of the day
is how do you take extensions out No
the question of the day is what is your
favorite snack
my favorite snip highlight peanut butter
cookies honey buns I'm doing a favorite
out of you can name your three and then
you need to pick one Swiss cake rolls
honey buns yeah you do both goldfish
okay what you're going with honeyBun
peanut butter cookies one Annie oh yeah
this Haley throw your napkin away while
we're finishing here paper towel okay
nope narrow it down to one more escape
alright guys tomorrow is New Year's Eve
we don't have any major plans but we're
gonna sit here and watch the ball drop
our bags up now here my nails now see
they're pretty good now after you see
them they're gonna be horrible like
tomorrow
she's gonna like right now she's gonna
go touch everything and they're gonna
get all I'm actually gonna try to do
some Cataclysm oh well we'll update you
tomorrow
if we remember I am beat and exhausted
at my feet hurt and I want to go finish
my bed cleaning off my bed so I can go
lay in it after the movie
I gotta get in my bed alright guys
thanks for watching another question
today is what's very snappy say tomorrow
guys always remember to celebrate life
ah
 baked potato baby thanks for
watching Vitaliy
