today I'm bikini don't you want it wait
when you're crazy you are the craziest
dog I've ever met in my entire life
get up high for me three
in West Africa
let me give you the virus
if they sold washers and dryers in those
colors would you buy them no what
filling this out for us designing our
new washer and go we're out shopping
today so we have a watermelon washer
Alyssa refrigerator oh yeah that's a
refrigerator
yeah refrigerator mmm the watermelon dat
yeah and ombred that one it's a new
design hmm how Haley stays sane
should I say that so she doesn't go
insane while we're shopping because
washer and dryer topping is no fun but
we make it better by coloring I need
four of those ma'am please I would just
like to take a moment to show you guys
how organized I'm getting trying to get
every room organized this I finally went
through and this okay you cleaned the
tent up look at a lot we're gonna buy a
couch wriggle up here yeah shit you
can't spray-paint it inside
we gotta find an area for you but so did
you put makeup on yeah you're lucky
you're not going anywhere today young
lady thing one okay so maybe a couch
here we were shopping for a couch and a
washer and dryer today we got this but
they were kind of gotten to get in this
area cleaned up but all this is the
girls Christmas stuff look at all this
they need a pile just for themselves oh
all right this is superglued this is her
craft for the day what are you gonna put
in it do you just think of that right
now or did you really think about
earlier this did you just see those
markers and be like Oh markers I can't
markers in there
I need more markers y'all y'all um so we
were taking a look at this pile this
used to be an organized display in
Annie's old room in the old house and I
just now got them out she doesn't want
to display them but I don't want to get
rid of them so I've got to figure out
something to do with them even if it's
you didn't earn them you're earning your
own you got your own collection last
year when it doesn't have zero you've
got a lot not a thousand but I mean it's
just a pile so I'm gonna try to figure
out something cool to do um
maybe give me some suggestions a picture
right there
uh we are doing good the girls too I've
only done more but remember back when we
went to Shawn in Andrews how the girls
were like let's get organized what we
have you guys know we were doing Annie's
room the other day Hailey's rooms been
done about a million times
look I got that at Disney all right so
we got the stuff to do I feel like
that's what I've been doing for the last
couple weeks
okay so see see see then you pull that
up and then it's it's so cool that is
kind of neat have they do that how do
their magic I'm excited I'm getting
organized we made the deal we made the
deal to get it done
Hailey's Hailey's got some stuff to do
on the walls like we only have one thing
on the wall so we need to do yeah we
need to do some more decorating hailey
come here how did you get your growing
up girls up there and help me okay just
making sure
just making sure
how did she can she reach so that's what
we did with them growing up girl we had
an idea to put him up there
um um huh um not bad cause they're um we
have dinner at home what is it turkey
and gravy and I don't know what veggie
veggie daddy was gonna either do
broccoli or asparagus so that just seems
to be a tiny snack but in other news I
got an T home from the JIT while we're
not home yet sad face how was practice
it looks good okay evident whoo
tell me more something a good vault
under Pike Linden Wow in the soft
landing mm-hmm okay pit onto a mat
mm-hmm
landed it okay well bye oh jeez how to
shoot with a toe shoot Dean jeans with
layout setups but seriously that's what
that's what I do it's kind of what my
job is my job to do play layout step-out
on the beam you make them uh yep nope um
working with bonus no you did that one
in half punch what'd you do a one and a
half are you ever gonna connect it I did
out of me on Friday oh good you just
didn't today because you weren't feeling
it or because you weren't supposed to
blue line all right but on Friday you
did that's good Congrats want to go home
now okay I don't do that I'd go ruin
your dinner why am i baby talking great
Annie
great now I just got bit my and I
literally turn the camera on I'd like
Jerome
your eye huh weirdo what you brought
home again I don't know my banner I like
is something wish okay me I so I walk in
and this is what I see delicious hey I'm
really diggin this diet that they're
doing hmm
I'm tired my one boy ready let's see
okay this is this is how my hair it
after jet Ready Set here it is oh it's
so naughty
you got no two here not getting anything
for Christmas next year that's naughty
ha ha funny I know you should I got
jokes you're so funny
well welcome to dinner forgetting to buy
them vitamin number and in their din din
dinner
feeling needed like a roll or mashed
potaters
way good for them I'm not eating that's
too much carbs for me but you guys need
it that's why I know I'm eating that I
just the five did a roll or mac and
cheese or mashed potatoes I wouldn't I
wouldn't do it how was your day
no she's look at her she acts like she's
not hurt she's been living a lot in her
cage lately but we let her out so she
can you know be part of the family
tomorrow she goes to the vet to the
surgeon and he gets to the side if she
gets if she really needs surgery act
like you don't you don't need surgery
it's not gonna be how she acts it's
gonna be what the x-ray is it an MRI
they're gonna do her an x-ray
x-rays bone isn't it yeah the doc
doesn't say still yeah when you'll stay
still if you do it yeah Pat that's right
I thought you get Winnie to stay still
did you say Winnie when you have food
she freaks out it's like say your name
wait Oh
no no no no no no no two things bad
manners and you're hurt and you think
you've forgotten look she always sticks
that leg out that's what she she's
deadly I don't think it's hurting as bad
as the day you took her well we're up
here in Haley's room putting the
finishing touches on some stuff to be
hung the only thing she has hung right
now is that like you saw earlier I don't
think she knows we're up here doing this
so you're going to hang this picture
somewhere I might just set those they
may not be hung figuring out what I'm
doing with this over here and then I can
start helping her cleaning everything up
I took him out I just don't know where
as I'll put them right here you looking
for these I don't know as soon as she
realizes we're out paper she's gonna
come up here and boss us around right
now we're in charge yeah she probably
got to figure it out so I got a few
things I just can't decide where to put
things you guys ugh where should I do it
I think this is gonna go on this wall
somehow arrange these three things and
the big ol gold shelves gonna go there I
need something here
I need something there but I don't know
what I don't know what I'm not a
designer okay I'll get back to work work
helping him standing here and telling
him something's crooked or not look what
I have here a little girl who no one
even told to come to school is doing
school what's wrong it's not a good day
school
frustrated do you need help no
I have something that'll make you feel
better you're learning history and how I
have something that'll make you feel
better it's not really I make you feel
better but I washed your back mats cuz
Gigi peed on it what are you doing you
guys I didn't get the camera out fast
enough but just a second ago she was
laying down in the tub what are you guys
doing do you guys need a bath are you
guys hurt ste fat don't you wanna wait
when you're crazy you are the craziest
dog I've ever met in my entire life
get out come on there is water
downstairs and bones the chew on come on
Winnie you're not even supposed to be
moving come on you're going to bed I say
that and I don't lock her up oh you're
gonna sneak peek sneak peek snake fake
we're gonna have a room reveal later a
room tour but right now we're playing
with pipe who's coming up here I hear
another dog for box it is it no it's
winning four boxes of clothes that are
to Haley when she's in a size 8 she's
ready the daughter of the bad luck party
yeah all right quit torturing the dog
Wilson Oh Buffy you can't play and you
can't dump up
no seriously Winnie you've scared them
thoroughly no aunt Billie bark in
Danny's ear
always remember to celebrate like a
baked potato
thanks for watching
Vitaliy
