hi for me
good morning everyone I have a campaign
in my mouth when we are going and you a
seam or he'll be came here to look for
steps for no curls
Jeff warm I like some of my video oh and
Hayley takes her parade down us by
everything all right
velcro where are you they've got their
gift cards ready
locked and loaded in their purses that's
cute and they are ready to spend some
money on crafts where are you going
Aaden oh you need to bring all your
stuff with you Oh give me big hug
Hayley he's going home now microwave oh
I'm sorry I'm sorry it is going home
come give him a hug update on Winnie's
leg while we're sitting here waiting for
Hayley she had a vet appointment don't
jump there's my to be taken easy of that
appointment on Friday to get an x-ray
and see if she really needs oh he was
coming to hug you
yeah he taking you hmm but I need a big
hug
hey you feel okay oh yeah go have the
happy watch let's be gentle on when he's
back leg easy with her yeah he wants a
kiss he wants to go outside and get your
bags put away she wants to put it in he
said what don't put on what side I think
that side that one broke so she's not
taking it all right she got it all in
Hayden
we're gonna miss you meet him on hug
he's got to get a sweatshirt on I didn't
get your sweatshirt on hurry
hailey now you gotta come sell money by
know where she keeps disappearing too
easy on her remember cool remember her
leg
we need a hurt female but those are big
hugs okay this is the rule you need to
go lay down on your bed obviously she's
feeling better
breezy and State University Club that's
right you kissing all the dogs don't
winning you cannot jump one because you
can't jump and knock him over and - you
have a hurt leg you're getting dog hair
all over you
oh yeah when he's when he's really good
at that Oh dogs yeah he's gonna miss the
dogs Annika yeah okay one time homes
wrong yeah it's time to get some fresh
air
what's going on how long has it been
since we've been out here what game is
this look at those two
you're playing with your snake meanwhile
look at your hair
staticky Eddie and leafy what's it
called like crack the egg yeah for like
Marco Polo oh okay
ugly is backtick ever it's up to you
well our holiday Christmas holiday is
over both girls go back to gym tonight
we're about to leave for that wasn't it
weird to have a little one in the house
again well Haley you don't know what
it's like to have a little one in the
house Annie do you remember what it's
like to have a little win the house Izzy
are you the little one yeah your hair is
being cruzi - no no no she should have
thought about that sooner how'd you get
out here okay Annie can carry you back
No then play wait a second you need
socks on your feet at least it's too
cold out here for that everybody in
everybody get well Annie you're dressed
fine Haley you need you need shoes like
Annie or socks on you're gonna get sick
oh it's a horrible when I make them do
things you're trying to get the snake
back inside yeah yeah they're not
supposed to have that toy out here and
look they're gonna bring it in maybe
Winnie I'm watching now and look at her
she acts like she's not hurt I gotta go
lock her up my friends I can't keep her
still she goes on Friday like I was
saying earlier and maybe it's not torn
like the vet thinks she's going for an
x-ray or whatever they need a look MRI
okay you slow down come on you go take a
nap we literally just bought the whole
store
Levi was behind this guys guys she got
the rest of the stuff for her room
because we don't have anything hung up
on her where we thought we don't have
anything up on her walls right yeah
so it's time we bought a few things the
other day a couple weeks ago haven't
hung them we found some really cute
pictures if I could get them out and
show you I would but we'll we'll try to
show you soon
Haley's rooms gonna get done cuz Annie's
room is pretty much done
her closet needs to be cleaned out are
you guys getting me that hot pink what
hot pink Finny mirror oh yes yes because
Annie has him now like a million mirrors
it's like whoa Haley and I did good we
went shopping I found some new pillows
because the old pillows I go it's okay
when did to Mars a little like pink
birds and then there what Haley found
it's real estate silver silver and then
it says be yourself yeah and the other
pillars are like popping yourself not
hot pink they're kinda like a coral I
got a planner yes and we rearrange the
couches last night after we've gotten
done wrapping up so like we've got this
huge couch yeah well we're almost a 2017
can you believe it if I was being yours
right we can just mean gabbing and
gabbing and gabbing and chatting and
chatting and heading here but we've got
to get you to the gym quick trip to
target and have a stare and we're having
a staring contest on your mark get set
go
you win you lose you lose let's load our
stuff up she's really good with him all
right Haley tell him what you just said
I love them all so one summer squishable
she goes it doesn't blow ain't Haley
dear my friend my cute little thing have
you figured out what it means
no doesn't float in the air no not in
your hand floats in water your daughter
just read the package and it sounds I
know I it says Oh daddy I went floatable
it doesn't float she was dead serious
dead serious
yeah I learned this lesson water that's
nice blue these are so much fun you guys
I like squishy line they stretch and
they float ooh this one's holding come
on like packages like two packages that
is like what is this okay so the
different colors mean different things
hide out no searchable which ones this
one which paints horses yeah audible oh
this is squeezable Oh stretchable and
this is high bounce
oh that's cool these are neat I love
this is a stretchy one stretch it
stretch almost color in there pull it
oh my dad on the dartboard and I have
not seen it yet so I'm just gonna
continue my reaction
that's so cool so we're gonna play some
darts can you try the lights what what
I'm hearing on the lights okay I'm gonna
start up here cuz I'm really really not
good at this
nice start back nice oh one do all them
cheat on to the wall hmm she's I was him
my first one was the best one okay I got
here they're there they're right there
somewhere okay here you go
in the wall in - no long Haley go here
you can start up it
now you say anything with them that was
good wow so I'm right here whoa got oh
jeez oh wow try to do up up okay what is
your favorite thing like ping pong pool
I don't know what these things of God
are it's like how do I look dirty like
entertainment stuff but I like pool pool
is probably don't get I don't 9-ball
though don't forget to comment down
below cuz we wanna get would you say it
don't forget jump down below
because we you want to know the question
of the day is
what does a better entertainment like
pool ping-pong darts stuff like that so
yeah bye guys you know
always remember to celebrate life ah
potato baked potato baby
thanks for watching
fit Ailee
