hi for me
well Orion has so okay saved abroad a
sewing machine through your guys and
Nonnie's an expert so er
no she is she knows how to sew she knows
what she's doing
all of your patterns are going to call
for you to your seem to be 5/8 of an
inch
and there's your 5/8 of an inch more so
you're going to line this up with that
5/8 of an inch we're only seven on
single fabric now but if you were sewing
something together you will start
together or you want to get down to
dress well just works with it artists on
the farm stitches so what their plan
today is they also got these for
Christmas these pillowcases so they are
going to and they got filling stuffing
so they're going to make pillows that's
the goal for today is to make their
pillows that'll be fun
these funds are so addicting that's what
you're supposed to look like oh you did
it already I missed it
stop saying it okay you're getting
common 40 what is it 5:45 10 good Laurie
fun whoa wait does it tell you to change
pressure foot that's whoa this is why
you have to know that if you're using
the wrong pressure foot and you lengthen
these you'll break your needle hmm
don'tdon't Gigi handy here
Gidi don't step on it so she's gonna use
her foot you guys
good my little sour make it fun punch it
doesn't make it punch punch punch punch
punch it punches down and it except the
three out of nine and the pulse it back
three Haley's in the driver's seat okay
pressure pressure foot alright stop
press backwards and it's going to lock
in your stitch and now you're ready to
go forward okay press forward with your
pressure foot you're keeping your lines
straight you just you're not home do
this and you let it run everything
yep only two so you gotta switch those
guys some costumes out you got the Hulk
and Captain America let's make one of
them spider-man okay now this is gonna
speed up get ready oh she's going turbo
speed you guys see it's like a fabric
just see it's trying to slide you want
to stay below you never go beyond the
presser foot with your hand you want to
stay here in here like that way you can
guide your fabric under there all right
you want to try fancy stitch yeah yep
stop which stitch do you want to try
stay above here because we don't want to
trick him you want to do 13 okay this
changes the tin space to a 1 right and
you change it up you want to go back to
that's me in a 1 2 3 hey one good job Oh
Oh spaghetti oh you can get it just
crawl down carefully and watch your head
okay watch your head you can speed up
know it if it's your foot I go oh
don't hold down your fabric though okay
you gonna let gotta let it slide I just
got ya I send you a good job taking my
pillow I love it I'm gonna do this next
what's this so you can make an owl oh
cool it's got the pattern on there yeah
I'm trying not to kay
smart thinking so you sewed three sides
over here or left oh just a just a small
section cool and that's gonna go inside
kept you happy left oh it's gonna love
it I love it understood yeah where is it
right here yeah just love it
wonder how much it'll take oh hi that
most of that bag not the whole bag how
are you gonna make your L you can make
it as fluffy of a pillow as you want
that's true yeah I don't like hard
fellows but I'm not going to like going
to sleep like this yeah perfect that's
enough you're probably not gonna sleep
on this no no it's just for decoration
and to play with because it's the
coolest thing
wait I mean Viper what are you growling
at hailey singing you guys hear it she's
in the bathtub and you can see her here
singing it's funny she's got a Christmas
party tonight
now she's singing in a one-horse open
sleigh
what's that song jingle bells okay
Lionel's got my pillow done nah needed
to be closing that's for the dedication
where is it yep there it is oh yeah you
can't even tell some sugar here it goes
see how easy this is you be like here
goes five nights at candy's
mmm chocolate nobody sounds like Haley
potato sounds like someone I know
why did I let you drop that book of your
drums naturally so oh my gosh your first
pillow look Aaden she made a pillow oh
wow
you want to try it out yeah yeah woo see
if it works see if it holds it head
ready head on it it feels like you're
like that there's a lot like everything
please impressed you inheritors ok so
hello Epirus your back line is over here
I went first outlook frosty smelting
yeah hello it's really cool hey so they
are doing them I go and do some Isaac a
substantial damage
doing you lalalalala you'll be a
calendar image I'd be a talent okay here
fill me can you fill me
yeah let's put this on your wrist okay
lalala Mickey bye bye kids bye my kids
one is correct and what is Edison cry
from and make sure you subscribe
actually need to eat just wants to say
that yeah a baguette yours all sewn
together Wow click clouds dark clouds
like a cloudy day yes like today you
know today's a cloudy day hi
don't eat the bud GG hyper hyper
pour whinnies down in her cage so she
can rest her leg you are all dressed up
for a party
gymnastics party so she decided to wear
some leggings in case she needs to do
some pooping no challenges I don't think
I'm gonna do major gymnastics and you
might not even be able to allow allow to
do gymnastics because it's at its not at
the gym
you look great turnaround model
everything
it's just secret santa party so what we
can tell you we can tell everybody who
you got because this video will be up
she likes you you're giving it to her
tonight
who is your Secret Santa Alexa Alexa
Hayden yeah you could be in Baden cam
Hayden we're gonna miss you while you're
gone
but we'll see you later tonight you're
gonna party right let me see some party
moves
hmm it's gonna be some loud music a lot
of friends well it's for gymnasts fine I
wanna go to the party we're gonna party
here Aidan we could watch movies and eat
crabs which what we're doing and he's
gonna clean her room your phones on the
the bar right there so we got crabs look
at all that look at that crab meat Oh me
get it tied okay now don't cover it up
okay all right you go blog you walk out
the house around the house we tell him
what you're doing
I'm Aidan no policy you so they can see
your face
hey I'm Aidan and I'm gonna blog tell
him what you're doing on college or good
job not me I don't have a lot tied down
hey I knew should buy review chambers I
comments oh you want to the comments
yeah yeah okay okay okay you done you
take it off your wrist
I know I got that okay okay you're in
I'm gonna show you how you do it okay
all right so you had a blog and then you
can try again if you want to you will
you up
this is hey hey hey guys I'm Annie and
right now I am looking out at the view
I'm eating crabs and peppermint bark
that said maybe oh yeah birthday
Oh Chuckster I
that's officially a teenager hmm not
officially
what's a few more um 11135 I remember no
no ten thirty
I don't know something gender 11 because
I know that we're always at my minutes
earlier I know but we're always at Texas
Roadhouse like better mm-hmm okay we're
on the road right now and I'm going to
my holiday party it's gonna be really
fun yeah
 my present you guys are probably
going to see me after the party or when
daddy is gardenia
don't know probably doesn t stop amel
and then you're going to see me when I
get back because I'm not bringing camera
Saturday they excited you get in there
and put that bag down as fast as
possible before somebody sees you with
it
she'll know by the time perfect maybe
you ready to go put your gift inside
let's go do that
hi hi
you would always take me up
time
see
Oh
my army we will thank you
we will bring
Wow
if you fail
I see you with your friends at night and
showing your a long time
I'm still
I am done with the party it was really
good I couldn't film there because I had
to dance apparently and I am doing a
haul of what I got for Secret Santa
by the way my Secret Santa was well who
got me that my stuff was Jenna and first
I got a pillow one of those like I don't
know they're called baggy zooms and
slicing and it matches like a little
like heading for airplane so I'm
probably putting that in my airplanes
that that's kind of shopkins pretty
snazzy I got candy canes but Jenna
didn't give me these um actually they
were handing them out so I just got a
it's probably going with my thing too
because it says the same logo and it
slipped snacker
and I said sister got one of these I
don't know we're probably Disney World
and it was a Mickey and I got Donald a
num num let's open it oh let's go look
it's a park it's a part it's a part of
some reason and this is what it looks
like he's so cute and it's a stamp yeah
I got a penguin has opening thingy it's
really cute and my Pez are in there but
I'm not showing you that cuz we know
what heads look like
I got all of this candy this is all the
candy candy can kick so yeah that's
pretty much it my room was destroyed for
some reason like I don't know I just I
think it was because I put all my
Christmas stuff in my bed and then when
my room is messy I guess I'm just like
oh I don't need to put this way it's
already messy and then I get builds up
and builds up and builds up until like
this until like I cannot wall and so
like I can't even walk like I'm like ow
ow I just stepped on something and stuff
like that and then today I come to video
and I had to like clear off a spot just
to film and like my um view from the
camera was on that so I was like okay
I've gotta clean it so my mom was sweet
enough to come in here and help me
organize it actually we are going to be
setting up a filming area I got a ring
light for my birthday so I'm gonna give
you guys a little sneak peek whatever we
can throw like a room tour so that it's
gonna be in that little closet I'm going
for bright stuff so yeah we'll do a
little more testing testing yeah I'm
about to shoot a video but I'm really
not so psyched I already shot a video
today but I will probably tomorrow after
we get this set up so yeah there's a bit
rain might sound like getting used to my
eyes yeah I'll show you the big ring
light that were filming on wish I can
turn it down oh oh
cheesy nothing that's all put it better
on or off you look I'm answer on it will
explains we're gonna a deck right behind
we can figure out when we put this stuff
but so here's a drop way brighter and
I'm thinking if I get a table we've done
it like a table but like RIT something
really little and I can just sit here
and the camera can be facing this way
tilted down onto the table while I'm
doing stuff right now we're marking on
the wall so that that says we don't want
to hang really anything higher a little
bit but it doesn't any perfect so just
start going down
so we're marking because this is the
stuff that we want to be displayed
behind what to do maybe singing so
that's gonna be her background okay so
we're gonna hang through this is the
stuff we've picked so I like the pillows
like I sit down so like I can see that
that's high enough to see it so we need
to like organize we need to hide that
cord and some of that stuff can go in
your background yeah we're gonna make
our first hole you guys without daddy's
help okay I'm just gonna play it by ear
okay so that we're doing this all by
yourself you guys to go when amateurs
try this we'll see what we come up with
there I feel like they need to like
alright so that would go there let's
make our first Hoggett let's make our
first hole do we just hammer it in there
can I have it um you want to I don't
want you to hurt your finger so do I put
it yeah and you just don't hit your
finger no you got to go a little further
but not all the way a little further
now try it but I think it still needs to
go in further guys we're not good at
this I haven't hung a picture and
forever yes needs to go a little further
we don't want it to hang off the wall
like and forever I used to be a not a
pro but further cuz it's gonna be all
loosey-goosey
good I guess I just think it's hot it's
not flush with the wall you could go
further okay that is a cute picture
Danny you're not even going okay okay
that's good we can we can work with that
good there
okay let's look let's look through the
camera or through this oh all right I'll
sit down or your router innocent this is
gonna be every time I think it's cute I
hope if I have the camera exactly where
we're gonna have it oh right on
is it on it's not turn up is it on my
asset to adjust to it
oh that hold hides the cord this can go
here okay maybe this could go we want to
be able to see it so I'd go under an e
here yeah this could just go behind yeah
yep that could go behind you - this is
just yeah so the Christian say is would
you rather I know we done the school
before would you rather be a fish
without fins or a bird without me bird
without wings because penguins I would
be a penguin guys because what's the
point you would drowned if you were fish
no it is not gonna be a burden for that
one to fly but thank you sorry penguins
do so much other things like they won't
arrive maybe it is yourself
they do eat fish sorry who fish sorry
they eat fish okay so don't forget to
comment down below cuz but you want to
know the quiz your day is we had a
bigger fish without a spin bird without
wings hey guys and by the way we learned
it in the tenth film attend guys it's so
comfortable actually so you don't always
remember to celebrate life thanks for
watching
RIT tailee
