today I'm bailing time for me marry day
after Christmas everybody
dad's boxing day what are you doing why
are you wearing those you're driving our
nuts you guys
it could be Boxing Day where you live
but here it's gonna be go see a movie
day yeah I hear little footsteps could
it be a DIN footstep cuz all the puppies
are here all the kids guys when he's got
to go the doctor today daddy's o.o
knocked her off daddy's taking you to
the vet because her paw she won't put
weight on her paw yeah I was trying to
help her get up no that was Winnie and
we don't know what happened she could go
the doctor nah she's still moving okay
but she won't put much weight on this
paws yeah yeah a couple days ago and
then last night it got really bad yeah
okay
GG I know you're not getting all the
attention in the world good morning
Aidan welcome to the day we'll film in
what are you doing chatting a little
yeah he liked his hair like that he
wanted the bed head
where are your toys they're over there
by the door like where you left them
like have you met like the presidents
why are their mouths off this morning
I don't want your well that's great you
don't want to break is it it wouldn't
know that because
Oh cuz the vacuum the robot vacuum
you're afraid it's gonna vacuum it up
he's he loves the robot vacuum but he's
very concerned with it running things
over we're gonna try to get a big one
yeah but in other news everybody's
dressed and ready to go where we're
gonna eat some lunch first yeah he's
very excited about seeing them move how
many movies in the theater have you seen
the Jungle Book you seen the Jungle Book
and the trolls in the theater there's
gonna be your third one yeah do you
remember oh the jungle book was so good
you remembered it right a thousand here
comes the robot
that one broke too it's very tricky
there oh it is shirt oh that's her
favorite case get another money alright
so when he's at the vet daddy took
Winnie to the vet and we got these two
here this is a Christmas present and we
need a birthday present - but for Sidney
we're gonna see Sidney and she's got a
birthday and Christmas right by each
other yes tomorrow right yeah humungous
wine and Hayley the sensor then you
decorate your rolling pin with Sparkle
daddy I want it on yellow he loves that
robot what beauty is pain my friend is
hot it looks really good yeah it uh will
you barking at up our nay ho hi Winnie
and daddy so what do they do surgery
surgery
oh that's for me
Winnie need surgery
win okay you guys get look at them leave
me alone she does her callers off
supposed to go out with the other dogs
oh we got a good light she's supposed to
stay in her kennel
Oh your Winnie you guys and then after
the surgery
we're getting the surprise them again
how we're gonna plug them in our power
that's how I get solid energy what we
saw we had the best parking spot in all
of the movie theater we were wrong
he's a stray I was gonna get the camera
out to film our beautiful spot all right
because it was right by the door
oh darn that close to the best spot
alright well we never found a parking
spot
so we're going to go in and buy tickets
yeah yeah we wish and daddy's gonna go
try good luck go buy tickets she's
shoving my Squishy into her Matt oh
that's nice
you guys look at the cars they're
everywhere maybe this is not our
smartest idea can you come to my thing
we secured the tickets oh wait except
the bad news is first time that we were
going to some house yep mm
two hours to kill in the mall on Boxing
Day let's go buy stuff no yet you got
all your money was here no no I put it
in your wallet yeah yeah she won the 20
bucks from the saran wrap challenge
spoiler alert you haven't watched that
there's your wallet you left your wallet
at home then wait it's in the car let's
call daddy he's parking
it's kind of awkward to the now just
talk to you which is more good everyone
stares yeah so we're going down an
escalator
okay now we're at the food court
everyone is staring at me going up
Edward
put the camera in my hand anyway so
we're just going to walk around
we're going to be picking a controller
we are getting a double double decker
stroller here
and Haley wants to join oh I might have
catch two hopefully overtakes your 20
yeah that's 20 whoo
where are you sitting Aidan on the front
this one hey don't get him yet you're
gonna get up here
there will halie wussed out she's not
riding what's up hailey why aren't you
in the stroller
is gonna go for it daddy can get you out
oh yeah
she doesn't fit you guys look you are
watching this strong
is it me see all keep shopping really
look in your seat
they would have fun
but I've walked going boyars I thought
it Bonjour
no that was as bone biology which means
goodbye like for good voyage really but
it means good journey like good day
goodbye because you know how I know that
because there was a Charlie Brown
episode that was called bon voyage
Charlie Brown and that Tyler is
everything she rose for me I learned
from TV for Charlie Brown
we wanted to know and have her sing
yeah Haley this way aaden's third movie
and the theaters already full we waited
too long you guys oh all the way up he's
on his way
shouldn't you be holding her yeah when
he hurt her knee there's no said it's
Sydney if you can't see there she is
your hair looks beautiful
Winnie you can't jump like we're not
kidding haha when he's not listening to
the doctor's instructions throwback to
Sydney
fancy-pants did you give her the present
no no not yet
you didn't finish it so now you're in
here finishing it we just can't you eat
a Super Bowl and I beat my brother for
no way no good leads like in a league
Oh witty mad okay done that's kind of
funny
are you good at bowling no it was Eva's
having a bad night or were you really
what nine to ten pounds his last two
games I kept eating getting to nine to
ten I only Bowl with it eight and a nine
hmm like I sweat I go eight first and
then nine okay
maybe I need a heavier ball tenda gonna
be however me I feel it's a gymnast and
she's stronger that could be it that
could be it I'm voting so long Aidan
this is Sydney can you say hi give me a
hug oh you did Aiden's never met a
stranger
horses yeah
you wrote a book
unless you had a like rewrite love
because you couldn't
oh my goodness this picture so old
where'd you get it
remember when your dad took a picture of
you look of the picture then posted it
yeah yeah I see your dad Billy that's
what I meant I don't know what I said
she's gonna be a teenager tomorrow
there's my brother yeah I know at the
same time China this is just I've known
her since she was seven we decided to go
over to SIDS house um I found that she
made fun cookies we got like some
peppermint Bart illness in my chocolate
sure is it probably gonna watch movie or
something Annie playing the slime trying
to get her off the finger so she can do
the question today and the question of
the day is if you could have any
superpowers would you use it for good or
evil judge okay good let me take it away
no no the question the day is oh oh if
you could have any superpowers would you
use it for good or evil ah ye always
remember to celebrate life ah
potato baked potato thanks for watching
the tailee
