hey guys is this the first shall we
phone a good one I evidence so it is
Christmas Eve today and we are at the
store giving some last-minute things
such as slime stuff or tesserae chicken
wrapping paper coffee for Nani and
allowed to slime stuff in batteries does
anything can do a slime stuff every time
we go to the stores yeah that's true
what is that this new outlook party
cakes yes
what's this kind we're looking at little
big pile of little bit okay ah
snickerdoodle okay now I'm done we made
it in the car we got everything we
needed at the end we got a little bit of
some snacks I'm ending these slippers
that's why I'm the only one in the car I
know he was putting all the stuff away
so my slippers didn't go away he cared
me in and out because it's raining
outside what's wrong it's rain oh we
changing it to one day because today is
Christmas Eve guys we don't know what
that did we're going to take okay we got
to take Judy to the doctor's yes Danny
found that on her this morning I have no
idea what it is but take her to the vet
I don't know how you guys have one more
to change you change the one over there
oh yeah then you gotta go find Oh Wanda
yeah Oh where's the elf
Oh change this to that number one okay
why would you like to start we went that
way I was going the other way I thought
it would make sense Polly but his Merry
Christmas is at the top whatever guys
can do it however you guys want let's
see is it down here I haven't seen him
yet
oh they're never gonna find out we are
making the marshmallow stuff because
Shawna Andrews House Speaker it out
instead of using hot glue and then you
can't eat the gingerbread we just use
marshmallows um boiled them and that's
our like glue daddy setting it up and
then we're going to do it all together
don't you like put some mushrooms come
in Oh quite a bit anything that falls on
the for when you have to eat know what
one to eat those don't work you can
probably pour we don't the date your
hand on there might be easier I'm just a
little bit more the hottest Ruth Bay
Cuba my layer the bottom there you go
that's probably good we don't need that
much well plus this is different look at
this we just got to do the edge our
gingerbread house it's gonna be fun and
then we're gonna make reindeer food
later tonight awkward with these and
we're gonna mine after the right now or
didn't do slimed in Rangers it I got
like three things of glue to experiment
on which one I like the best I got
so are we adding slime to our Christmas
tradition yeah buddy's gone huh he has
to be read though I step foot back
solution red and green slime okay
contact service
she's gonna try all their tight contact
solution and then I see how that one
works out um you should make a video on
that for X and I'm gonna try um laundry
detergent for excess laundry hairnet
look like liquid like Oh pour it in mix
it you should make a video and should
tell people what you think is better
adding my radiances my fingers aren't
going to be a best one ever
it's not a competition this time you
could be a individual make it the best
gingerbread you've ever made before
competition hey last ingredient
ah yes yeah no yeah what about a five
extra then maybe how's the assembling
going Samba looks pretty darn good mine
Santa this is Anna clothes they are all
assembled and now it is time to decorate
Aidan has got his own coming on over
here how's yours coming Aidan a manger
yeah manger yeah that is perfect Annie
go for it
wait don't I way to go nany you did so
good drive put some candy on it looking
put candy on it in a row more high then
you can eat it
Haley's gonna come decorate her she's
getting dressed this one kind of came
apart but it's gonna be okay we learned
guys that you have to burn the
marshmallow and it comes way harder if
it burns that easier with that tool in
there like icing a cake I need to redeem
myself from my gingerbread creation and
we did it Shawn and Anders but I cut the
best tooth wide so I couldn't oh yeah
thanks but that looks like it's much
easier who I I don't know Billy who do
you think won what was the vote honestly
Wow Aidan you must have tried really
hard cooking those gingerbread houses
here okay okay mark Ned - yes yes -
cakes is great I have
how are those sprinkles tastes okay good
so good what are you doing over here
Annie
oh you're going nutso I need a spatula
oh you're gonna spread it out stick this
straw into your slide deck so okay fold
it over so there's no like air bubbles
and stuff then so cool experimenting you
hold this so there's no air who's gonna
get it oh I think your mush all might be
in too far yeah this is a line for
airplane Haley gonna take turns Eddy not
a little bit in the house how are you
dropping marshmallows in
to drop him
don't drop me down that was in her hair
it's hot tub on Christmas Eve this could
be a new tradition ah hurts what hurts
me
your feet hurt your hair gonna get all
wet and I don't have a rubber band we've
still yet to make um reindeer food
cookies for Santa oh but we did
gingerbread house we've never done
gingerbread houses on Christmas Eve so
we're doing two new traditions this year
no hot tub well and gingerbreads we
didn't eat gingerbread last I don't
think so
not on Christmas Eve is we made what it
is I say I said you do I look weird
Negus
yeah and your hair looks weird - oh I
did their hair without a rubber band so
I just basically twisted it up and then
hey no I did but I missed a piece of
ribbon at Bailey's man open up and Amy's
is falling down the back I got Aiden
don't tell him I got Aiden who told me
why you can't keep a secret okay I guess
you guys are gonna stay tuned Oh
tomorrow's video to see this is to be
late Oh
a surprise for you
you're on the team what what team is it
yeah yeah are you on the opening
presents team yeah so we have a
tradition where we open one present
well sometimes be open more than one but
I always say we're gonna open oh yeah
you want to open a present he can go a
lot I'll open it go let him do it now
Wow we got you an Amazon Prime Bach hi
oh I wonder I might go adorable they're
monsters more monsters yeah can you open
yours for you like what kind of
traditions are you gonna do what's on
box - you're welcome
hooray for bed that's for Nana you can
go give it to her she can open one
tonight let's see the pants no you sure
okay
I get what you get ah Apple watch
glitter glitter we know you cried that
wasn't on purpose American girl of Elba
Joan you're welcome aiding yes you can
take them on home with you summer
holiday yeah you're welcome
do I get a great big hug now the list is
dwindling down now we only have
Mississippi mud to make cookies and
reindeer food and the movie and 7:51
Polar Express no real or Express and our
fluffy pajamas and our watch I like well
you got on it rule whoever wants to make
some food for the reindeer come on dang
I got all the supplies how you make
reindeer food they like to eat oats
so get your handful of that they love it
get more they need more than that love
dig in nothing there he gets can you get
him some more get off a whole handful
kill be shy don't be shy that's right I
got Dasher dancer and prancer Jason
there you go one more handful
yeah alright get on the sprinkles so you
see like this that's good now they like
some sprinkles to let him do it
sprinkle hold the back for high luckiest
wrinkles them in there yeah that's
perfect okay that's good yeah perfect
do you want some red sprinkles to kind
of squeeze it there it goes ate it right
yeah
now let's zip it up and then you can
shake it yeah shake shake shake it yeah
I see you got it zipped good mix it all
up for the reindeer
Charlsie so get your honky oh they're
really good hmm you like those they're
delicious
don't touch me you mix it all up and
everything yes you did it
Oh mixed okay we're gonna put up here
okay and then we'll take it outside form
we gotta make Santa's cookies for you
right yes that is not Oh salt
the Rangers like salt Yankee bake
cookies Oh
the salt goes up at the cookies let me
tell you a little secret
I got pre-made Santa cookies this year
this year ha ha ha you're funny you're
funny hailey so we need to make them and
you can probably have one before you go
to bed you think so since it's Christmas
Eve calimary okay we got to make those
your reindeer food made
you spend a lot time yeah but we're
gonna make us cookies first right or do
you want to do that first all right go
get shoes on all right out the back door
let's go yep we got all the presents
wrapped you guys yeah yeah we're gonna
go down come on yeah yeah we're gonna go
down no we gotta spread it out perfectly
for all the reindeer right Aaden
now the stairs are slippery so hold my
hand yeah yeah nice and slow
maybe the ring your watch all of it
I think the reindeers are gonna be so
happy when they stop at our house cuz
they're gonna have something to eat
they're gonna be starving Wow all right
you can start sprinkling it throw it for
the reindeer
yeah Jess you open it up are they okay
biggle needs so happy they're holding me
oh yeah it's me I agree I'd wonder
themselves yeah or digging hold on let
me get Aydin doing it this first time
there you go they're gonna love that
leave some for Rudolph right he's your
favorite hey guys the question of the
day is who's your favorite reindeer
Allen flips it Blitzen Halley comment
comment now our list is getting smaller
and smaller
next cookies for Santa and then the
Polar Express to go to sleep think those
reindeer are like oh I can't wait to get
to the bratayley house yeah yeah Haley's
just now deciding to get busy on this oh
my they taught me some skills in skills
where that's cool no
I like the house Annie and Winnie raw
cookies watched raw cookies never baked
Kansas cookies are coming and my cookies
yes
did I eat a cookie incoming Santa's
cookies are ready now we have to get
some milk for him are you naughty or
nice oh you've been a good boy I know if
we're gonna cuddle up on the couch and
watch The Polar Express and then we got
to go to bed
so Santa can come you're a dear
and I thought of another one what are
your um Christmas traditions like they
got to see a lot of our Christmas
traditions and our new one yeah like
Rudolph our thing is he we open yeah we
open one present um make reindeer food
we make cookies for Santa this year we
wouldn't know how we're gonna watch The
Polar Express
I always remember to celebrate life ah
 baked potato Bay thanks for
watching
Vitaly
