time for me oh my gosh it's a sliding
reindeer for days I I was gonna say four
hours oh yeah you've got four hours of
practice lab whoosh work day and then
like four and a half five days off not
between like okay
I'll do the hard work you make it look
like you're the best longer in the whole
world that you hold your own camera all
the time
look guys two hands Oh
floating in
no I'm holding it now but now all right
so let's get this practice over with
I'll pick you up and then we can do
Christmas activity like maybe a
gingerbread house or two we got to make
reindeer food - okay we're gonna happen
all Christmassy and I'm gonna go away in
half three weeks and ah I am like the
Sun is a kid ensue oh there you okay
sorry um and I'm I weighed myself
already this morning and I'm doing
really well but I'm not gonna tell you
you have to go watch the video it's on
dad daily oh my goodness okay so we
could sit you're in chat and film all
day long but then we would be late and
then Annie would have to run and it's
Friday and they get to hang out like
free time for you damn free yeah so 15
minutes of fun I love it with the shore
that's how you should go tonight to draw
babies and khaki shorts oh my god that's
clearly armed that's amazing
nice is it comfortable this is he sure
it looks kind of looks comfortable it
looks ridiculous
Hayley what do you think really they got
one in your size soon you have to work
had to wear it no it's not even an ugly
Christmas sweater party but never
apparently daddy's gonna wear it I don't
think it was meant to look ugly daddy
where's the poop which would amaze
brandalynn do we make blue Boop how
would you think it is hmm or is it just
fluffy slime like a buckle a cyanide
ladle regular slime like play-doh that
little looks like
I felt it before
it's smooth wasn't supposed to do I
don't even know it's just supposed to
pow be slimy fluffy fluffy slime yeah
wash shine and blushes glassy eyes with
the fluffiest slime in the world hey
when you gonna be that bowl over there
and then we mix that up together have
you ever made slime before no ma'am now
they uh squash Hey oh yeah let's be
mixing it LA Times and Annie is
babysitting while nany takes a shower
you're doing it for free because you
love her right she wanted to go shower
so Annie's in charge of Aiden
yeah oh you're in charge of her him too
but what are you doing you're not even
looking okay that's how you babysit oh
yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah how are you
over some over here over where Donny
said no he's just listening those nany
she just didn't want you to take it near
the couch myself
hey Aidan you have to tell me the truth
it is um Annie a good babysitter yeah
Hailey's over there singing the slime
song busted for singing the slimes on
what let me hear the slime song oh no
it's a mess don't worry I'll get better
it'll get better today we are going live
for the final day of our dailies twelve
days of Christmas
and then we're going to a Christmas
party at Katie's house the Christmas
party's at six o'clock on the dot
Jill time so 6:30 ish take it a little
bit Paige - hey you got Paige eked nope
a closet yeah so that means you got
Paige eek
then you get your moving like I'm a baby
I'm a decade and up there we said we're
gonna stack humans watch this okay don't
wiggle Aiden stay really still stay
really still you want to get up - okay
where's Annie again see Annie Annie
needs down
oh gosh tree oh wait can you help me up
hyper you think I've I've been handed to
me stop hey lucky it is sticky and
squishy
oh no fibers like come on whatever donor
bitch you okay okay go watch that kid
over there that sweet little kid my gosh
it's a last day Christmas is in two days
so one is Christmas Eve Eve
you're pretty this video goes up it's
gonna be Christmas that's really coming
so when this video goes up it will be
Christmas Christmas Merry Christmas okay
I know a good question today you guys
ready for you guys if you haven't
arrived the same crew daily every day
business forever
what present would you choose
money no what do you say hey leave out
fucking said help like that's a good one
he'll go to a Christmas party
Oh any Christmas parties
hey Christmas party
do you God goat we were the other dogs
open there there so we are going okay
why do I like my hair better on the
camera then on the livestream boy I
think it was because it was over here we
should put Christmas hat bomb I'll take
a picture or not meteorite that's what I
did today when I drink stray hairs at my
I've left a grey hairs out of mommy's
head fuck my gray hairs out of my head
wait let's just seemed like too much
information I said come here and let's
see you now let the camera sees his
outfit look how I guess he can stand
that's rising GOP's Navi healer and
snazzy you want to see how snazzy you
look you want to hold it
two hands here put this around your
wrist put your hands are there other
hand other I dare ya and then hold it
was there and I'll take all right now
you go vlog say what tell everybody what
you're doing I mean we go and get the
crisis I didn't hold it way up here you
like that give as you can see it pull it
away from you
we're taking a proper vlogger wait gala
be the Christmas Barney that's how you
do it - screaming toner all dressed up
I'll guess that we're all dressed up and
we're ready to go
you are bloggers now are you ready to go
now yeah okay let's party dance dance a
trio
I'm gonna turn the TV off you guys given
that Cameron singer do a trio are you
okay it's okay it's the new camera yeah
happy Christmas merry New Year everybody
oh my god it's so cute I know
so much more quiet maybe just lost Danny
like 48 to 45
yeah
in a row
guys there are so many people here
record is seven right you ready
one or two minutes or ten - Merry
Christmas
oh you're stealing you take it we keeper
can we keep her you came like all right
thank you family another Katy Christmas
oh he likes the doors when the doors
shut can we see you tomorrow you had fun
didn't you honey
just his door
there goes on the live stream we asked
if you could get if you gone have you
only got one Christmas present ever hear
the rest of your line bro same one what
would it be any answers back there I'm a
dunk a dog every door you want a new dog
every year a lot of cheers oh hell
that's right they're always in good
health every year I want peace on earth
peace on earth even what do you want for
Christmas every year man a candy
Caden I can probably make that happen
candy every year I think you're gonna
probably get that every year
what you got Oh dies a great idea Haley
he should get an ugly sweater every year
because on that site that his shirt won
tonight yeah there's another guy who's
in the running
she's awesome early on planing playing
but the other there's another guy oh
yeah you had a cool suit look good suit
was that plaid suit with something that
was really pee-wee Herman mm-hmm
all right guys that's a wrap on today
we'll see you tomorrow
adios always remember to celebrate life
babe thanks for watching
Brit Ailey
