hi for me
good morning everybody blurry camera our
camera I woke up so late first time
probably in like two years that I
overslept
we had like 10 minutes to get ready
we've got a like a minute left before we
absolutely have to leave that fun
getting woken up like that like Annie we
have like 10 minutes to get ready at the
most okay
we're eating breakfast in the car let's
go let's go I hated you up a parent cake
on a stick it's gonna have to do this
morning it's not the best but it's going
in the car with us I packed your lunch
you brush your teeth you have a Leo on
okay we're good oh my gosh we're not
gonna be late the Lighting's really bad
but we're not gonna be late night had
nobody haven't happened but still we're
not complete bonus your hair's already
down from yesterday four pictures could
that help me another do your hair in the
cars you got to eat um what else you
literally got ready in ten minutes yeah
I just threw a little brush my teeth and
clothes
so that's good
so we have three days till Christmas and
only two days Jim I have only ten hours
left so that's good
I'm off Monday Tuesday all the lights
have like been working for know we're
gonna be early not quite easy we have
three days till Christmas and the sun is
shining so bright there's nothing on the
ground there's been nothing it's just
been like cold nothing
oh you mean there's nothing on the
ground like snow oh what a Jim probably
be early which is crazy to me woke up a
link ten minutes until we had to like
leave me like leave like late I gave you
ten minutes knowing where that was going
to push us put us leaving like five
minutes late I didn't think you can be
ready in five minutes
so I'm like you have ten minutes
the worst part was I was in the tent
with the things in dad I couldn't get it
unzips I'm just like yelling her name
usually I gently wake her up
click hey I can't kick the tins open was
bad I didn't like flowers about to be
asleep and came in not kated but he was
like Paul the tent clothes smell like oh
my gosh Aaden gonna sleep music 11
o'clock and I
my girlfriend was like how do we sleep
in the tent Eddings yeah listen this is
you remember Richards clothes washer I
told him to say epic dude we did head
Annie we did it and we're ten minutes
early
we're still getting here after all these
girls see Amanda and cyd Chelsea and
Kenzie and Mia see Arden's hair don't
get everybody Hayley that's crazy
all these girls get here so early
okay successful morning drop-off bless
you bless you bless you
does it ruin it when somebody says bless
you to me what I'm about to sneeze it
like ruins it no new conditioning are
they excited about conditioner that's
their other conditioning late workout
love you have a good time hey I'm
picking you up at 5:30 okay okay bye
another hard down Winnie Hayden just
spied our elf what do you think of him
up there is that cool yeah he just looks
good drink you thirsty
mm-hmm don't me get you a drink
I have chocolate milk and you want
chocolate milk
what that's crazy
little feet are going 90 miles an hour
Oh bless you Tom yes all right let me
get you down so I can get you a drink
you can go sit in the chair next to
Haley and I'll fix you some breakfast
sippy cups I haven't had these in the
house a long time that yours or is that
yours Haley I think it is - yeah trouble
and okay
I will put chocolate milk in it all
right you change that when you gotta
change this one hey we got a few
countdowns on the house right here this
humming Oh glob oh it's a countdown to
Christmas and then we have more of a
calendar in here follow me there's more
we have so many calendars right there
wouldn't start quite a lot of chests so
make that today's a 22nd almost the 25th
we could have done it countdown but I
thought it would be fun to go the other
way right yeah yeah turn around sit down
hey can I borrow some of your medicine
Oh actually Haley can borrow some your
medicine she loves medicines not that
sick oh she wants to be sick I kind of
creeped in the way no one sees a thing
mmm Haley you come up here maybe she
won't notice
did you notice I think she showed up ah
it is for the Lego mommy mommy mommy
yeah you give me two bananas no just one
Oh lunch time lunch ah it looks like a
whole banana
we've got your food cooking Haley wanted
to tell a sandwich with bananas on it
what are you eating
you're not eating enough and why are you
pouting we your foods in the microwave
well guess what we've got you a hot dog
yeah we do
do you want it so excited you got
Nutella on your shirt way to go over
here yeah I want to see it cheese
Oh your mac and cheese is in there but
there's the hot dogs I didn't lie to you
we've got hot dogs there has we've got
Legos we got yeah we got Aiden Annie's
since Haley a Christmas present or got
Annie no not yet what do you what your
guests
daddy's popping PAC season oh yes why
does that feel like ah don't lose it
that what it feels like
yeah you didn't peek did you I don't
know what she got you you say that's her
gat she guessing hot glue sticks but
don't you get a hot glue gun
I'm sure yeah he's getting here how do
you know she told you how I think it's
more furs work or yeah
pencils more colored pencils
they're they're not sharpened yet the
boys don't know
cheater cheater so we wrapped fake gifts
but we got our real gifts gift-wrapped
so Annie and I did some shopping for
daddy coz you were at gym one night so
I'll tell you what it is okay now we
find ourselves at the grocery store
getting ingredients for Christmas dinner
and we got a sample of snickerdoodle hot
chocolate is it good what section was it
then we didn't ask it's in the Starbuck
story butcher how's yours tastes good
gonna see yourself in the camera
it was a
aidan take a sip of it is it warm in
your hand up
kids imagine I can't imagine who picked
these well I needed a desert that's
going to be okay for me to eat on yeah
not horrible
that's not bad Tucker behind it's not
gonna be a hundred calories like that
would be not good food that's what I
consider not good food a lot like 100
Mallory's is a great dessert yeah but
that's not that's a little bit more than
100 calories
let's just let's go on a diet hiatus was
just for that day thank you sure I think
we should oh it looks like milk now not
diet chocolate I'm pretty sure it wasn't
diet chocolate is your diet chocolate
sure all the towers pretty sure pretty
sure I stirred all the calories out
Oh
that's very sweet
he looks sleepy
cuz cuz he was laying down he's in la-la
land your cheek
like I don't care you can't see us cheap
look at how long let's just take a
moment and notice how long has beautiful
eyelashes are I know
don't touch me design she's earth to
Aidan hey buddy no don't say the N a P
word yeah I said don't say it cuz he
doesn't like those things what is one of
your least favorite thing about this no
I'm thinkin there's nothing bad about
crazy everything's a good answer yeah so
um do you have any questions for us no
okay what do me mutters oh the list and
a lot of yeah better ask your parrot
yeah he's repeating and he doing the
same hand gestures there can we answer
this one she got cut off
yes what's your whole honest she ate her
orange dress well I'm good question for
you I have to match three four
whoa nosey how do you start driving is
Gary mmm honey you know really great oh
so the question for David's name is
would you rather lose your sense of
taste and smell over all your hair guys
that's the question of the day so
comment down below
the girls will answer it later we're
wrapping up day 11 of the taillights 12
days of Christmas
um go watch this light on this live
stream there were saved on our channel
and you can see who we donate it today
it's a big one
oh jeez what did I do yeah now he wants
chocolate milk that's a wrap on day 11
you guys okay behind the scenes after
the yeah after the livestream and she
call me yeah I don't like what I keep
old people get uh before I could give
you the hold it come on violet
I don't remember and Emily thanks Aiden
you just cleaned up some people no he
put it over here comes your burrito good
beaten chicken yeah okay well you're
gonna eat and then you go to sleep give
a long day of practice are you singing
to yourself close that chicken you want
to be a chicken or the chicken the
mallet see your skill nothing
you want to try come on you can ha it's
dead Annie it's dead it's been dead for
a little while now
you're the jerk and say please all right
that would not feel good okay shrinking
you did it eight and it's gonna taste so
good now
I'm gonna look like this in a little
while and then we're gonna cook it are
we doing epic dude you did it no no go
be fast that one we just ate and what
was on the menu let's see yeah we had
chicken
we had potatoes and we had asparagus and
it was amazing okay um my with you after
Amy's
um and Daddy mama to a movie and we're
gonna go down the basement but before
question of the day is would you rather
lose your little would you rather lose
your sense of taste and smell or lose
your hair I would rather lose my hair
because you can always wear away same
here so don't forget
gosh your dad and the others taste isn't
it a certain smell oh it was there I
can't believe that christmas is almost
here I am so excited I just have one
more day of gym and I'm done four more
hours drop here we go bye guys now you
always remember to celebrate life
amazing
ah dang baby
thanks for watching
Britt Ailey
