we are getting gas and we are heading to
Amanda's house to go riding daddy went
to go get some food because I'm hungry
in casting so yeah we are going to bad
today
Oh Mikey where's my treat
you're the drink girl it's better to see
over here hey
did you find is imposing right away
yeah good good
where are your item of our staff let's
walk good that's like oh oh yeah girl
the girl tonight good girl Cody's super
so I'm gonna Friday the rain man to the
gym named happy person I just as shoes
down my mom's like your legs your lay
who's awesome - chickens chickens
chickens ok anyways so annoyed chicks
play cool good segue manically Jim
thanks for feeding so we'll see you and
I go to jail yeah come on - I need a
clean thanks today is team picture day
at the gym so I'm about to braid these
hairs all of these hairs and all of
those hairs they're going to get braided
and he's doing a little bit of school
and Hayley's doing some arts and what
why'd you write he I was gonna write hey
Oh mmm he and his pizza he eats pizza my
love pizza you're making me hungry
so we're gonna do our regular meat hair
braid this way a braid this way and it
meets over here and it's all fancified
okay I snuck upstairs I told the girls I
had to go get some gel to do their hair
which is kind of true I do I may need
y'all but I don't know if anybody's made
this announcement but Billy went to go
pick up his normal and Aiden
and the girls don't know so we're about
the surprise and they're gonna be home
any minute
so I got the girls in the back room so
that I could they can walk in and go
real surprise but anyway if you don't
know Aiden s Aiden is our great nephew
and he's never been here I'm really
excited to see him
I started her hair but then okay cool I
was trying to I think they were start
and he's like are you bored you keep
turning the camera on be fan did you
want an airplane
yeah yeah we're playing - laughs yeah
not one just I didn't suspect it oh I
see their faces right now I really do
have to do your hair though cuz I've
started and stopped 20 times let my
friends Manchester hey fancy
liquid Annie's finally doing look what
you're finally doing that's exciting
here's the question does this go on this
street or the big tree goes I thought we
had an angel fixture maybe it's still in
there possibly Passover because that's
holy yeah so we should put it on there
thank goodness the ladder is still out
oh it's fine fair yes since this isn't
our fancy tree yeah okay class oh please
let's see this are here you're not
helping she's being a lazy bum she was a
war TV yeah so if you do all the TV
watching now you get all this teenage
stuff out of the way that all teenagers
do I think nowadays say like um
electronics and what'd she get it oh no
I'm here with this and cell right there
see well we can throw it away I bought
it for Caleb this year this is our Caleb
ornament for the year but it was like it
was a cheap one so all the memories will
get ones not it's not over yet got a few
more days maybe they'll be somewhat
broken again oh maybe maybe they'll be
some once a laugh huh it's sharp you
guys want to see some of our only make
it is Caleb yeah you plug it in right
down here look at all this guide
remember these for the Christmases past
here we go
remember this little guy he's my babe
one of my faves what else we got here
these they got last year I think from
1990 this is Ellis yeah from this is
mine under Louisiana ornamentation
cracks me up
your mouth-closed though and you're
smiling
okay are you seeing this Wow look at
that this is what office tears
don't bang my balls do you're gonna cut
yourself remember queen of hurting
herself nope nope don't do that on my
wood floor
okay go throw that away I gotta help
your sister oh my goodness she's a
hurricane missed the kiss not used to
little ones all right we are braided up
Peyton's gonna take a ride to the gym
with us right
yeah we're jumping yeah and those
doggies want to come in and meet you
they'll come meet you when we get back
you come meet him when we get back okay
you're gonna jump on him no oh oh ooh
Bella those are fancy shoes fashionably
can you get up all right we got a load
up all right we're getting Aiden
strapped in you're sitting back in the
back bless you there you go oh yeah
Merry Christmas
they could do it together real quick
I don't have tweezers on me what do you
need tweezers we can't take your own
rubber bands out really because the next
appointment is Africa's this is way over
I said if I want to know what do you put
on in them nothing but Sun decoration I
thought that they don't do anything
anymore
they do for they did what I said
for that perfect okay me and miss Jill
get in it and you guys get in our backs
will be buck yeah they just ignore but
what if you go together
picking your legs a little more sideways
that's cute big epic homeschool group
team picture they are getting into
formation that's really cute
1:03 take three they've got a new plan
they got a run out of the way smile you
guys you might not know this about Aiden
but he's magic okay we're gonna closer
he's magic I don't know if you guys knew
this okay ready we got a closer Isis the
magic word he's gonna make a chair
disappear or reappear sorry reappeared
oh my gosh you are magical that was
really good can you make Aiden disappear
okay ready yeah
oh he disappeared he's gone maybe once
all not can you tell a lot Marco who's
there boohoo you're right
Amanda tell Amanda goodbye
where's my hug you get to stay with me
the whole time all he's a hey I'm just
waiting here for Annie and Haley who's
this yeah
are you ready to go now you were so
patient hey what you need it just wants
to play he just wants to play he's too
busy for this oh yeah um it was really
nice talking to you you have any more
questions for us anything okay it's day
10 of our live stream you believe the
tenth day in a row that we've gone live
what era yeah the green arrow leg oh
it's got a green arrow somewhere what do
you do what's the technique hollowly
whoa whoa hey Annie she cracked an egg
hey let me show you how shift so nany
and Haley are making omelets for dinner
chef Oh take that egg and crack it with
one hand
Oh like to to uh to separate it oh yeah
it's good bit there you go
the hammer trying tickling you without
eggs
omelets and stew okay we do good Aiden
oh good thing I took a bath in my hand
you still yeah good thing what were you
two doing up there playing we're in a
dollhouse hmm nice hat Thanks is Aiden
coming down up there he is
so it's the end of the day Annie
Annie's almost asleep as we speak right
now the question that you guys asked on
the livestream I just needed you to
answer it on here hey Aiden would you
rather not
um have to eat or not have to sleep hmm
yeah not want to sleep or not like if
you had to pick you don't want to eat
okay so you want to sleep no what about
you hey not sleep Annie
not eat or not sleep me to not slate
nany not sleep easily daddy-o not sleep
no no what all right and if you didn't
here on our live stream hailey did you
hear yeah max at midnight our episodes
out should we tell them I got a
challenge for them we're gonna put a
card or a link in the video and
everybody needs to go comment on that
video but I came here from Bert Haley
yeah got it
okay let's see how many people can go do
that on that video Annie you're doing it
already we can go like some of the
comments that they we could try to do
that you guys go comment maybe it will
reply to some of them on the max and
midnight episode what what are you
eating what do you guys think gum yeah
when we get one he went in her room and
got gum yeah Haley has a gum in her room
ah it's an emoji Oh
all right Hayley you want to take it
away don't forget to call me down below
cuz he wound up the question of the day
is Hayden hmm Hayden what's the question
of the day uh honey hippopotamus that's
lucky
that's the question hey um okay we heard
it from Aiden
but the real question of the day is
would you rather not sleep or not eat
yes all right
that's answer yep that's me I'm Hayden
say bye see you tomorrow
Hayden you say bye see you tomorrow mom
always remember to celebrate life hey
babe
thanks for watching
Vitaliy
