today I'm bailing Oh who can get the
most people I think so much better on
camera
really all right we are getting ready
look so pale on camera
well it's cuz I don't have any color on
that do you yeah but I look way tanner
what is that yeah so if you didn't tune
in yesterday we're here in Atlanta we're
getting ready for rock your hair
performance and he was doing her makeup
and then I'm going to do her hair Haley
is in the bed she is showered and hair's
washed and I think we're going to she
wants me to straighten her hair today
completely straight okay that's gonna be
perfect and then we're gonna head over
to the venue in about an hour and a half
I think that's what's gonna go on no I
chose this last time so let's go with
that
first I chose the opposite one I chose
that one the first time to ready for
what Nicole and them are under there in
the room below us
really let's make as much noise as we
can and Haley not with your mouth
I bet again yes go ask them all right
we're picking into high gear
because times a-tickin what's up
everyone's get back no perfect so I'm
gonna be doing Haley's makeup for the
show today
her hair's done my hair is done makeup
stone and my makeups done I'm up norm a
skirt on before I go on before I
actually do anything but I didn't feel
like it so yeah let's get started will
do before and after before it's gonna be
really natural by the way before ready
set go
after to the dull hair behind your ears
so we can just see everything fall oh
and I'll put your faces together and
we're gonna see how I like they look
great because you're both on grey shirts
and you're both on black pants oh my god
Atlanta is gonna be so good Atlanta's
actually gonna rock we heard that we
have like a thousand people coming to
this show so Dallas is coming up get
your tickets now
I don't VIP is like sold out you're
gonna get it trimmed and for this show
Dallas is not show it sold out yet so
you guys get your tickets soon before
they do sell out I think some of the
VIPs for the other cities yeah I would
go a little more than that but no you
can see it too that it really needs to
we just haven't had time it's gonna
happen
even just like this much work can I just
take some scissors and do it no because
you'd pins it up I wouldn't so if I'm
going to get it cut I want the full-on
like you want the whole treatment create
man and stuff so then that looks good
for my first thing my first wonder when
we can squeeze that in you have some
photo shoots coming out yeah you have a
magazine cover him and a pen and a photo
shoot like some new what's those things
what are those things called max no nope
it's on the tip of my tongue shots
something shot head shots think of the
word okay
they already met Annie today we find
ourselves at the Georgia World
Conference I have them in my bag if we
need them we don't know where we're
going
oh I'm hungry I'm hungry
when I oh well you can always find it
when you see the pink you know where to
go
please tell me that that cfas answered
chick-fil-a but I don't think it does
but I will take Papa John's
or else I'll take subway whenever they
open you guys can tell that I'm thinking
with my tummy right now
are they gonna have chick-fil-a over
there cuz I would choose that that
Sunday stop it is chick flames and
except you know it's been
oh wait wait let's look at the makeup in
the light let's look at your makeup in
the light because I thought it was a
little dark
anybody not look so good on camera looks
good on camera right here it's cuz it
dried on me I heard sound is good brush
was Jim and that's a little things look
how nice it is in here cheer sport ooh
what's that over there for it's an exit
this where we're supposed to be wait is
this a zero stage in here
we just got here guys this baby in there
cheer sport arena
that's a arena we'll figure it as we go
this has to be it because we find more
rock your hair we see the pink carpet
where is he
we called daddy because we got lost
chick-fil-a chick-fil-a is also closed
down stop maybe it's just not oh wait I
was thinking us because it wasn't late
enough but it's 12:00 it's lunchtime
it's Katy needs to eat time but we're
backstage now that's true this is
literally backstage there's a curtain
this time that opens up why are you not
being like broken warming's or boots
like three octaves
yeah this is cool
no music was just really really loud a
second ago so when it stopped and like
okay I can film now okay maybe the
reason it wasn't vlog friendly is
because it was a secret of chicken girl
she was telling us about a scene coming
up this season yeah so she's like I
probably shouldn't say that on camera or
a YouTube channel near you look who
decided to show up to the concert yay
Christian's rollin in how are you
Christian you ready and the guitars here
so everything's go there's rush I didn't
say hi to rush hey rush oh the dancers
they're getting so we found some dancers
from a local like dance studio and
they're gonna be helping us today
they do look professional not you guys
you guys need a little bit of experience
little work but that's okay you know
what Haley and Brooke and what's your
name Annie they they must have like
coordinated on their outfits it's gray
and black today it wasn't planned but it
looks like it was great I'm finding you
guys better light
thank you you guys want your badges I
was gonna put it on them that was mine
but okay my talent yeah
what's your self you're talented Nicole
alright we've been called to stage for
an on-stage meeting we're going over
what be what is it the experience thing
is the ante experience Annie something
and we're gonna go over because it's the
first time we've done it and we're gonna
make sure that everything goes smoothly
you because everyone experience everyone
experience it's rock you're the rock
you're paired with these lights
no white you think that stunning
these are our first ultimate VIP
experience people were excited Brooke
are you ready but I need you more pumped
than that yeah that's better that's so
much better I know you're gonna share
the sharpie we're improvising because
the sharpies are locked in someone's car
I heard
course yeah what are y'all net girls
names I'm gonna say anaphase and Sydney
nice to meet you girls all right we got
some friends that want to be on the vlog
- hi girl
what are your names Willie and Madeline
nice to meet you thanks for coming all
right
all right we're walking on stage for
soundcheck but nothing's on yet when you
go to a new venue it's kind of hard to
wait till he's ready
are you on it's kind of hard to get used
to the new sound people and they're
really good here but they don't know
what we ready okay good
are you on here you're not on we're good
she just didn't
that's not really good that's the first
time I've gone out there and listened I
usually listen from the side it sounded
good okay it's knack serving if you want
anything
hey remember they deserve good
play with Louie Louie who's your
favorite singer careful your answer I
couldn't have
other
so that is good for QA they're going to
go get ready we'll pass and you guys I'm
sure you guys get a picture we'll see
you guys in a few minutes all right some
more back behind the scenes we are
getting lighting ready for the cup song
and then we start the VIP meet up and
then the concert starts after that so we
are well on our way
oh and Carson has not eaten yet so we're
making sure that he is being fed that's
right
what's your name I'm Sara shout out to
all my friends you know who you are
alright I'm smart like that how's it
going Christian good ok TMI but as it
means my knees are itchy
give a shout-out to my friends and
Dunleavy
thanks for coming to my best friend
Olivia hey Olivia okay these two just
met bringing people together what's your
name LexA do you know and Angelina and I
love all these shout out Chloe she was
about a comb but she
oh sorry you couldn't come Chloe anybody
you want to say hi to
shoutout to n she's working the line
over there and Ian daily okay hope you
guys have fun hi are you guys sisters
okay if you're just friends and tell
everybody because it's very exciting
where you guys came you guys we're in
Georgia we're in Atlanta Georgia they
came in from South what's your name hi
Elle our little video bomber Isis your
sister friends Birmingham Alabama thanks
for coming girl bye bye girls
what are your names Marly and Maddie
nice to meet you
we got another one that got your name in
a cake and a Kate that's beautiful thank
you nice to meet you girls thanks for
coming thank you general admission doors
just opened
the floodgates Mike's holding it hold it
up over there
VIP is almost done over there
that's crazy
let's con stage soon we're at dinner and
we just got a sneak peek of it what's
going on down there did you guys see all
the people yeah that's crazy because my
camera died okay it was a vlogging fan I
don't have an extra camp I don't know if
everybody didn't check my purse there
looks like there's a phone in my purse
is it yours
okay so concerts over and were starving
we're about to eat and I'm sitting on a
table and the Haley's sitting on it
she's doing really don't know what I
want I County this is like the real
question is everybody call me cake or
brownie I really don't know what it is I
think they're brown it looks like a
brownie I think it around the phone is I
think it's got more of a consistency of
cake if you're live Krystal your daddy's
live
Wow welcome to Brooks room Wow
we are I was in charge of getting the
girl less yeah are those miss here I
wouldn't try to getting the girls back
to the hotel so we are in Brooks room
she is getting some PJs on and then
we're gonna go to our room and we're
gonna get PJs on and what's the plan
we're gonna watch some movies yes
so once we get what
Vampire Diaries I don't know Haley can
watch that okay
once we get back in the room will do a
quick question of the day cuz we're
exhausted but here's your a little
update concert was amazing the tacos
that varsity made for us and cheer sport
and I don't actually know exactly who
arranged it probably a little bit of
both but it was amazing our bellies are
full our faces have smiles on them
Brooke looks so come we're not jealous
of you at Carl Brooks so that's gonna be
us in Seidman I'm gonna cry I only
brought two kinds of heeled boots and a
pair of heels no I don't know maybe they
have slippers well they might all right
so we'll see you up in our room with our
PJs there's no slippers Carson you all
know read it if you look if you want but
you're gonna get athlete's foot I was
like okay Carson shoes off my kids not
verified a lot yes I know and you see
nothing socks I know you see that like
I'm actually you know no no no you have
shoes when you have them you use okay
Brooke um about to watch the movie were
never dramas aunty yeah
the question of the day is what's your
favorite food brand yeah there's one of
the questions one of the questions the
Q&A okay Shh
what's your I was about to say um no
vans and AH Dean Izadi dog how do you
know all right we replaced the battery
with all the camera completely done the
tripods not there I'm so confused
um so Brooke what's your favorite shoe
brand my favorite shoe brand I don't
have a favorite shoe brand but I do like
to shop it Steve Madden um in Nordstrom
Rack oh yeah North America's new vest
also having such big feet it's like
Giuliana blue Oh
user from several ins Timberland okay
mommy
like I know as I said she's in a shirt
that's a really cute shirt that she
could wear like out what okay my no I
bought that one for her you that would
be like a really crop top on you
Annie's like and okay my favorite shoes
are I don't know I wear a lot of
flip-flops
maybe Nike I like Steve Madden they got
a lot of cute shoes my shoes that I wear
all the time right there from
Francesco's I don't know what they say
Francesca's in them when I got him at
Francesca so I guess they're Francesca
brand and I like those so let's just go
with that
alright guys it's been a long day we are
gonna find a movie we're all gonna watch
the movie Haley's gonna dance on the bed
and we will see you tomorrow we're
flying to LA yeah celebrate life every
day okay
bye Haley look how long Haley's hair
isn't it straight to celebrate
babe I
thanks for watching
Britt Ailee
