for me I have my hat on right now
because there are only five days till
Christmas
it's amazing so overly excited just so
you know we're going Jim and uh yeah I'm
gonna only have one to four more days of
Jim to Christmas Eve so let's cool
already got do one I'm going on my
second today we have dance so it's a
week cool and tomorrow is a short day
and you got two more days it's gonna be
amazing
Christmas yeah all right big fail this
morning guys hope everybody's having a
better day than we are totally the worst
thing in the world we had the idea of
doing a gingerbread house again where we
take our time and it's not a competition
because we had so much fun which on
Andrew making the gingerbread sir ladies
let's go pick up a house I mean
basically good gingerbread house ginger
another one you don't know that did you
count the votes I mean they're pretty
much wrong I like how a lot of people
thought yours was mine in Hayley's but
we won't talk about it but we wanted to
do another one and we've been a
two-story move into Sam's and now or at
Target and nothing not a gingerbread
house would've that you but Hayley found
this fabulous yeah that's already
they've already voted to everything
Hayley found this fabulous pillow so I
guess there's no gingerbread I'm gonna
try to order one I've got a few days
before Christmas
it is horse feet any woodwork that some
kind of animal feed it is look holy yeah
yeah we're reindeer we've got our
gingerbread houses yes a store of them
all came through look how cute they are
you guys we're gonna be putting these
together later on they're gonna be like
fancy ones these are fancy smancy
I don't know this fancy excited yeah now
what are we gonna do
you know you see that these bananas
broke all around two of them that not
crazy they just broken hand hmm
they're not right I've never seen a
banana do that like when we picked it up
BAM they broke you ever seen a banana do
that no broken bananas we had a broken
ornament not one of my decoration the
dogs can't work yeah it's a long story
this was in two pieces I've glued it
together
yeah and now I've got to put that on
there cut it out on the camera all right
you want to show up show my skills here
you hold that where'd we get this make
sure we know how to measure so it goes
like that I know there and I probably
won't even worry about that
yeah just even I'm showing them yet no
not really okay so then we'll we'll put
this piece on later
yeah first up is and then there's
missing days pieces there's a missing
piece said that doesn't even but I think
the skarphol so the next thing you do
you get out the super glue be careful
with super glue and I'm just gonna like
paint some super glue on that's kind of
weird painting super glue this is old I
had this when I was little like this was
my mom she gave really I'm just gonna
tradition has re sad when it broke so I
kept the pieces so a thin layer of all
of our super glue and if you touch it
your hands will fingers will stick
together Billy they will little guy and
then it hurts to come apart you okay
and then we're gonna very carefully try
not to that's where I just got the glue
and I did he is stuck
 didn't you hear it hit you it oh
it's sticking to my see hmm
and I have to gently push it because
these two pieces are about to break okay
and then I'm just gonna hold it here for
a sec up came with three of them one
broke a long time ago I think and I
didn't even worry about doing it I think
it was Green so here's their keep here
they are man yeah I yeah and um I don't
know so I was I didn't want to I didn't
want this one to break too then we would
have only had one that's very sad the
other one I don't know I have no idea I
think he was wearing green though so I
think we finally got the house decorated
except for the tree up there do you want
to go put ornaments on that tree look
where our little Elfie guy is today yeah
she saw him this morning and our oh is
it five days till Christmas yeah you
could to change that sign to five it
might be on the other one yeah you got
if I change that to zero though that's a
sideway zero I'm still holding that's
cuz I'm I don't want to let go yet oh
there's a big crack bear no it's not
glued to my hand
but I wanted to hold it together for a
minute but I guess I've done that now
so what's that they're doing behind you
sorry might be a healthy easy those that
were building most normal people don't
film in their car just what are you
doing today you know we did we film
everything you guys we film Haley in the
back seat being lit up by her iPod okay
so here's the scoop you guys we have big
plans tonight
big big plans not a voyeur just sit in
traffic I'm red now too
anyways yeah none of them were to be
sitting in traffic which is exactly what
we're doing right now
so we're on our way to go get Annie from
the gym the whole crews here
you are here and now we're stuck in
traffic our plan was to go grab her and
then head to the movies like ever gonna
happen but I don't think it's gonna
happen cuz of we stuck in traffic we can
eat
definitely can do that but I don't know
if we're gonna make it to the movie now
we were gonna go see sing that new movie
where they sing like that let me hear
you say like that better a bit better
so we are like we are like 15 minutes
late to get Annie I texted her to let
her know but they might not even be out
yet because I usually run late - so um
we'll keep you updated on whether we
make it to this movie or not what let's
take bets speaking that we have a green
light
we're not moving we also have to go live
sometime tonight for what day date 9 I
do know how to count but I've lost track
hey welcome to traffic yay
we were like 45 minutes late did you
guys get out on time 38 mm yeah we were
not even near here at 38 so this is
traffic there is backed up this road
usually which would be school so much
for going home until we had other plans
I didn't tell you yet but those plans
are probably not gonna happen we were
gonna go see Singh we're heading back
that way but I don't think it's epoxy
wasn't out it's a free preview a special
screening
oh my finger what happened to your
finger rope climbs uh did you climb in
your hat not what I made me feel better
if I was climbing a rope I could form at
that Santa this would have been me
I've been like dude dude Oh as you can
see that we're home and not at the
movies hmm
sadly um and I'm starving and tired
serving and tired and it's hard to do
starving well you're in luck because you
have some food coming your way that's
some what is it well it was it some
noodle and daddy did the crock pot
earlier today so it's gonna be like
chicken noodle soup and then you can
snuggle up and watch a movie or
something after we go live we can
snuggle up on the couch the traffic was
just too bad we didn't want to deal with
it we just came home it's it bad
sometimes things don't work out the way
you want you one of those things just no
not really
I'll try one yeah it'll be yeah I do too
much much yeah what five days of
Christmas and either it tastes it
doesn't have a taste
Seba mm-hmm just a raw noodle ill not
eating that's disgusting
oh why are you in such a plight
dang it busted and he's singing us a
Christmas not Christmas song that's all
I know that verse means something
something something something something
something something something something
something oh you scared me I'm going to
tickle me is it hot
why don't you dump I tell you what I
told yesterday
won't you take your jacket off and stay
a while I think you're right
nailed it so brynee
look in our drawer of silverware sneak
peek - what's in the bratayley do you
want - some fork or spoon you go from
like singing to maybe not really serious
do you want a fork crisp lip before here
you go honey's hi Tom do you ever wonder
what Annie was like with us baby this is
not it she was the crankiest baby of all
of them that's how she lived her life
right like that
every picture when she was about 2 years
old probably about me get me my water 18
months thank you oh you're welcome
yes you may
oh you can't cut when you're live the
questions today that we are going to be
asking people all that we are talking to
is if you have any an accent which one
would it be British
that was weird yeah all right then I
challenge you to talk this whole
livestream in a British accent he's
doing ok come on do it
challenge accepted challenge accepted or
challenge accepted
maybe no maybes maybe ha all right for
as long as you can yeah I'll do it for
when I'm off the phone I'm not gonna
weigh okay
all right fair enough this makes poppet
progress oh great oh yes some people say
a pact practice nudge does it no such
thing as perfection so you're only
progressing both of you both of you
seriously can we go all right you guys
go watch livestream day what are we on
day 9 I think I said if you want to see
whatever she's doing meanwhile oh you
moved you were sitting so cute I just
wanted to document that Winnie Winnie
Winnie
we love you all right we need popcorn
you're in charge of popcorn what is your
job gonna be for this family movie night
um my mom okay beautiful Jimmy you're
transferring Christmas lists yeah I
thought I lost this one no my friends
cried and I said no and um look I had
all this and then I could only think of
all that so but now I'm transferring
stuff out of more over here
oh good five days before Christmas and I
Haley did the same thing she started
naming a million things she wanted today
and I'm like um there's gonna be a
cut-off if your Christmas list isn't
complete by like December 15th by
October 10
Wow he's hardcore is she good exactly
it's already passionate oh um so good
job I'll read my Christmas list to you
guys the completed version version 5.6
I can't believe Christmas is in five
days hire more room uh the new lose by
default
it all has to bid on one pane Wow I
don't know if you guys can see that but
she was on the other side of that
cabinet door and it kind of bumped her
in the head the Caleb green necklace -
yes I'd love to help
already got that - felt any colors we're
all three Nathan Jones my life is gonna
be so easy cuz I'm just gonna get her a
Michaels gift card and she can go get
all this stuff please don't
it's the construction paper some kind of
wood how did you add washi tape I'll
tell you what if I added stuff um
montage I I that modpodge ribbon glitter
color pencils dry erase markers on the
sticky on a coffee date yarn pipe
cleaner oh my gosh seriously candle wax
puffy paint I added that five point
motors I add that this is like sequins
string it's card it's like big sponges
crayons and markers I'm gonna buy you a
craft store okay okay how about you get
me half and then you get me a gift cards
I can you two ever have possibly be
ready for the movie you're done with all
that
yep this is my finish I'm not gonna mark
hold up
hopefully I'm not gonna mark anything
now you look completely prepared for
Christmas that's so much better than
just you know so I'll tell you stuff I
really want like more than what nothin
more than others on this not like more
stuff Oh step on this I will
I really must alt I've kind of need
paint brushes you guys ever heard the
story about my list and me I'm gonna
tell joy felt stuffing oh listen to my
story it's my turn to talk I really want
to get I've got the talking hat headband
yeah there's a story of me making a list
and then daddy night this is like
probably before any of you guys were
born and we went way before and we went
to the store and I said oh oh my gosh I
forgot to put toilet paper on the list
and I said
if it's not in the list I guess it
wasn't important enough for you to get
it was toilet paper it's important right
ready
it was funny or I guess you just had to
be there just in time for the popcorn
and the snuggles and the blankets and
the children and the movie and we are
snuggling it on the couch
because we are about to watch a movie
yes
family movie night and should we do the
question day or not we are yeah okay
we're on the live stream say goodnight
you guys don't probably if you didn't go
in the lime light stream no on this
video we announced it what was it oh the
accent remember yeah I was filming mine
was British any loose little fish hello
okay say don't forget to call me down
blue cuz we won't know for another day
is if you can have any accent that would
you have so - fine always remember to
celebrate like a baked potato baby
thanks for watching
Vitaliy
