hello straining what uh hmm that is good
hello guys are you burning head off
oh why move are you on oh you're alive
hey guys zero people are watching but
lots of comments are coming through so
it probably doesn't update you're gonna
need a sec closer no don't stop
hi what's your name oh okay praise
caller already do it hello hello what's
her name
Addison well this so mine is Annie and
my assistant here is Haley and so how's
your day been
go ahead that that's good good
so a mommy we forgot to put the question
today
oh we head let me go I'll go get it
didn't you ask a good one today in the
car you said would you rather not have
to eat or not okay would you rather not
have to eat or not have to sleep is the
question of the day no I have to sleep
cuz I want to eat not sleep because she
likes to eat
move now um do you have any questions
for us you okay yeah meet and greet in
Kentucky maybe one day and I will never
say never
maybe one day
what so three having social media
accounts that you like us to shout out
jack reconnection what is it okay you're
musically is Pikachu we could you I love
Pikachu underscore our flower lover
underscore 47 now while we're here the
second and now why for what my day has
been great actually
uh we've got three days four days till
Christmas three days till Christmas Eve
so that's that's pretty exciting
and um I'm gonna hand the phone to Aiden
I'm just gonna say hi Aiden come here
come here come here
mm come on what's calm with this I was
like no wait Hill dog dog comes I heart
mmm Hayden's making her sing live one
account look say hi bye
say what's your name anything like I
just want to play I guess that was Aiden
Floria um it was really nice talking to
you you have any more questions for us
or anything street maybe a video and a
in a room that we've gone lives
arrow that's what era yes the green
arrow Lego it's got a green arrow
someone where's your my Jeep huh really
got me finally got it
geez I just been trying to get the
number since the day we said oh yeah
congratulations
oh she started crying yeah so I had a
lot of fun do you have a lot of fun
thank you so much for calling and
working very hard to get this number
wait pause pause you think we didn't
leave we didn't guess I favorite color
and favorite animal and how old she is
she has gone terrible okay so she said
she had one more question go ahead
I just turned you and Haley wait oh
you're ten that's nice hey right in the
middle of us so thank you so much bye
okay so maybe the other to the right
really but not all the way okay after
you say hi to my Aiden I know I'm Haley
she's an Ian so what is Miss bone daddy
hello what's your name
Kendall okay starts putting them so
um how old are you 12 is not 15 1101 is
the closest so um how's your day then
that's good
so we are asking people questions day
Thursday which is would you rather not
have to sleep or not have to eat not
have to sleep because she loves um
that's what I don't any questions for us
what's like what's her name
ding dong ding dong what's your favorite
color
well my hair colors purple blue egg up
nice oh so um we're gonna try to guess
your favorite color so don't tell us yet
okay blue purple okay so what are your
favorite colors
Oh what about the other what's your
second favorite color teal so it's
pretty much blood okay so now we're
going to that one more time and I'm
gonna guess your favorite animal is your
favorite animal either a panda a line or
giraffe that's big toy food it's a pizza
yeah I said that ribbon oh so do you
have any shirts already I can say
like it's too bad out too
her Instagram is wild Kendall everyone
going bulk that and orange best was fun
too Chuck why it was that torch I think
so it was two guys talk to we were to go
thank you so much Kendall um keep loving
pandas I love them so much and yeah
thank you so Wan a panda does anyone
want a panda
I want a panda your daddy I don't know
how to turn that off I'm a draft right
what should we do Oh ready suck my
tongue George I actually do it yeah so
Christmas isn't or day actually three
days if you don't come Christmas hello
Oh what's your name Kyle well it's
really nice to talk to you um do you
have any questions for us what is our
favorite thing about winter what making
snowman's and jumping in the snow my
news um citizen
it means snowing and us drinking hot
chocolate
okay um what about you what do you like
about the winter you said you like how
school gets canceled a lot
ah I wish I have that because I'm
homeschooled and you know that never
really works so um so being a we are
gonna try to guess your favorite animal
okay so don't tell us no it's a panda or
lion-o so what's your favorite animal
yes mmm giraffe I would
mmm mmm giraffe in my language I'm not
kidding um well I guess snow out I guess
giraffe horse no you should not giraffe
horse Amanda that's what I guess I get
okay so oh oh ha ha horse mine mine um
hey labony in a panda another question
so we've been asking people question of
the day for today so it is would you
rather never sleep or never eat never
sleep like while everyone will be people
saying that oh oh yeah social media
accounts would you like to shout out
sorry hmm
what's your Instagram KY le ith um under
sculptures Oh
okay so everyone go about that
oh yeah she's awesome you're neutral she
likes Krauts huh
and she gathers in those teeth anyways
so I had a lot of fun um maybe when
there we can be oh yeah dying thank you
so much for calling thank you yeah yeah
yeah three down two more to go oh no
we're tuna I don't know how many we're
doing I don't know I just guess we're
doing thighs but currently wait wait no
that's not the wall wait nope rumbling I
didn't mean it I'm getting lipstick
number on lipstick oh I do have to tell
you guys something
what guess what came out today Oh sing
your maxim midnight episode oh really
it's but it's live today
watching you not live it oh yeah whoa
also sing what where can they rent it
out I can just put a little sugar okay
we'll put in the lipstick yes yes I'm
rocking it you guys know Lincoln rose
what emoji for maximun I do a dog emoji
if you're gonna watch it or if you've
already watched it no didn't climax in
midnight episode no do a person if you
watched it do know it don't do computer
already said dog so they're gonna do dog
yeah they're gonna do a computer wow you
did you just wait alright and even
watches dogs dogs dog though are those
dogs there are dogs
mm-hmm holy rare mm-hmm aha so we
started watching the mean Haley are
dressed up as rock stars whoa the long
time ago order you 15:30 11:00 oh wow
little when she started watch yeah um so
do you have any questions for us what is
your and story the meters M underscore
checks mommy knows computers om
underscores 3x see i te d perfect so
everyone can you and fall that G's
amazing a we're about to guess her by
the end so don't want to favorite animal
until I ask you what it it's okay I
think a dog yeah okay what's your
favorite animal it's an elephant
hmm hmmm I do have y'all being an
elephant no that's nothing to do maybe
one day we could go to each other
and rise up another hmm yeah so um oh
yeah we are asking people the question
the day that I which is um would you
rather never a Libra number rather never
sleep or never eat if you like didn't
have to like you didn't have to eat
never sleep everyone doesn't honestly if
eating just the best so um that was a
lot a lot of fun please keep on watching
and thank you so much for watching and
calling up today
a lot of money make sure you're
subscribed if you're not gonna play ball
come are your friends know all your
friends to subscribe your dog your
elephant are you're getting tuned and so
thank you bye let me go
not that your bows weird cuz it's so
okay you guys need to put a horse pee if
you love this I know I don't love I like
you're not laughing of your life oh
they're still putting dogs horse is the
first person to do horses is um hot for
ya Crazy Horse's you getting mommy the
purse the person different horses was
crazy for horses my hello hi what's your
name
can you spell that for me oh oh eh and I
be - lady okay sorry I just can really
hear you um so how's your day gone so
far so far
um it's gone pretty well thank you well
we took some pictures of Jim today it's
been great Christmas is in four days
really exciting um are you applying for
business got it
so do you have any questions for us oops
Bella when you married on what's our
favorite State we know I don't know my
favorite state lines and me waitin Haley
what's your favorite State Product
Search Texas you live in Texas
really
cool okay so um we're gonna me and Haley
you're gonna try to guess your favorite
animal okay so don't tell us until I ask
you okay listen alligator I see okay so
what's your favorite Odra um animal
what's your favorite animals
a llama moose loose all back up moose
moose stop back horn
body bag that does your bum hey I don't
know it just reminds you of it okay move
anyway pathway is a llama the winter
Spitz
no it's um big llama happy llama sad
llama mentality confuse mama something
something something wrong something mom
yeah we're so good at singing guys okay
well many ways hmm um so we can asking
people the question today for today
which is would you rather go with us
well would you rather not have to sleep
or not have to eat oh now I have to
sleep cheese eating is the best oh no no
really
maybe social media accounts would you
like us to shout out it's an Instagram
account and it is called a full stop say
it one more time ma were able stalker
able stalker mm-hmm
gee who are you stalking a BL stalker
do you know who you are stalking okay
that was a little fun um thank you so
much for calling make sure you are
subscribed if you aren't already tell
all your friends please dogs howl launch
anything mom bye okay we're ready to
another charity for sure hey you know
what it is okay I know what is 1001 dogs
in all dollars a fabulous it's gay dude
easy they not all like treat kids free
but they they pay for them their pigs
don't fly off so save Jews a lot of
makes it able makes kids who can't
afford their treatments able to get them
for free so we're good we're good
yeah so thank you guys for watching
maybe we can talk to you tomorrow for
more information on that um so I'll tell
you a little bit all the channels or
tags are down below and so is more
information about st. Jude and $1,000 in
Bubble Ball and yeah oh yeah why are you
announcing an email on a social media
that you guys have no idea which ones
would help a lot if you were following
them they're all down in the description
and you guys can email us with your name
your date or date name your age age and
your phone number with your past
musician and my
we will be picking people and um putting
alone phone number out of email out
phone number
Oh to the random people yeah so it's a
different phone number every day so yeah
yeah you guys can call us when legal
I've and it would not help it would not
help it would not help if you um kind of
post it on your Instagram because then
you don't have you then your chances of
getting to talk to us those damn boys
the moment Lisa's try don't not try
don't release the number forget to you
hey hey mmm okay so by me tomorrow talk
to you - my my
