time for me we're surprising Haley with
an activity because today she is off of
school she doesn't know where we are
Oh are we doing oh I know her get over
for doing both oh I
these we have came here in a long time
so are you gonna win this time no you I
do the want to do the big pins or a
little pin
cig all right we got size 13 size 13 24
look at those big ol thank you you guys
are wearing the same size shoe did you
know that's why we totally to make sure
you drop stock
kind of chilly out to make sure you
I wanted to make sure you had sucks
Haley's wearing the new style of shirts
today turnaround model it this is the
shirt that she left outside edit the Sun
bathe it
and so now she's got kind of like a
tie-dye sweatshirt on wires I know looks
silly huh Haley's using her own arm
instead of that thing that she used last
time our balls okay I got a gutter ball
on my verse well I didn't get a gutter
ball but I sure did miss got away
plan
you're done wise
I'm not known for and Haley knock down
zero this thing's gonna be better Haley
come on
yeah
now we are online
it's a strike he just knocked them all
over just quit now Haley
I'm only beating you bye guys bye -
you're doing good you're goofing up with
me is daddy gonna get another strike
right here because he's the strike now
if you got another strike it's like it's
confusing
bowling is bullying scoring confuses me
all right now that bowling is complete
we are gonna make funny faces the camera
go I know mommy bought her best time
ever I got 130
we are gonna go Christmas shopping for
um Annie Haley wants to get her a few
things Carly seriously looked is the
season Joan does anything that's missing
boy the car every cart
that's how busy it isn't here we had to
go hunt down a cart well he found
something maybe you could find something
for Annie here these stockings are kind
of here you can fill it with a handy
have you a cute idea
very nice ring no no me hey watch pod
which wants lots of craft lien sumo
that's gonna be in the crafts section
like you don't need that mean not by
okay all right let the shopping begin or
in the anything hmm is there much part
you know what you want
look look much mod pottery bitch good
mod pod it's not mod podge all right we
could get her like some things to paint
what is washi tape what do you call it
washy washy tape
oh she also wanted sticky tack sticky
see all these things are perfect for you
to get BRR it's okay
like the mannequin challenge oh my gosh
it move everyone why did that shattered
glass oh my gosh it's cracked
so wait it was already cracked and now
it's time for you nested we're on the
move today okay so
Haley missed gymnastics on Saturday so
we're gonna go into the gym and be weird
that can be weird have you missed one
day I'm just gonna say like I don't know
what I was gonna say weird okay it's
gonna be weird fine not really ready and
I'm gonna get an E and I'm probably
gonna bring her home ring then I gotta
bring you home so let's do this
hi Christmas Annie so Annie just got
home from gymnastics
well not home but in the car it was a
Christmas workout this morning Eartha
today and she did a bar routine because
I already saw it on Instagram tow shoot
double back but she nailed BAM what
um and I haven't heard anything about
the rest of practice so I'm just gonna
make it up she did um all of her floor
routine
no she vaulted nope nope no I meant that
she did beam and she stuck to series no
beam thought we did do beam sure ice
golem cuz I'm not very good I don't feel
I'm so thirsty
I'm happy with this yeah sure I'm going
to eat
order Hayley and daddys Christmas
present I can't because mom I get what
his mommy order mommy's yet because
she's helping me where'd you get the
scrunchie and why are you wearing eggs
I've never seen you put a scrunchie and
like that I didn't have a rubberband in
my backpack you just found him random
scrunchie right so what are you getting
me for Christmas no good try
so am i oh wait that's women do I'm
gonna wrap more presents like presents
they're decorations couldn't walk wrap
the dogs present mmm-hmm why'd you get a
candy cane I know what I should do eat
it no put it on the tree with the others
on Christmas morning I'm gonna eat it oh
that doesn't match my tree though can't
you just put it on the can't you put
okay okay girls girls mainly pie for
when I say girls can you not get make a
mess I just cleaned all that up he's
like exactly that please okay let's go
just get all the toys out that's fine
you too mom hey let's fire the ball all
right Annie and I are about to do aa
good dry Piper and some Christmas
shopping online this is where it nasty -
good job do you have anything in mind
like what do you want your sister when
we were shopping for you today yes a hot
glue gun she would everything we bought
for you I guess I can't tell you what we
bought for you but she's like she was
picking it out but she's like I want
this - when she was getting it took
everything in her - not wine that I buy
her something because we were buying for
you it's hysterical
all right let's get busy this is our
shopping mall right here in this bag
lays lies lace I don't know lies lies
people lay know people lie down things
lay so I get that right or my backwards
objects
objects lay people lie my finger yes
it's the new one with a touch bar you
know no not your finger my finger so my
grandmother was an English teacher so I
remember I would say I'm gonna go lay
down and she would be like no you're
gonna go lie down unless I've got it
backwards and I'm confusing myself for
all you English people out there grammar
people out there is it lay down or lie
down when you're talking about a person
website ly Amazon want you take your
jacket off and stay a while get comfy
you're in for the long haul
yeah you need a typing class you're
pretty quick but it's a hunt-and-peck
Hutton Beck your your finger oh my
goodness oh it's one is always a time to
learn goes here that finger goes there
and then these fingers go here and your
other finger goes there and then you
just know where to go
okay oh that's so cute colored oh oh
you're just like that's exactly what
Ailee kept saying to me I want that oh I
want those oh that only it's glue why
would I want this
oh wait no because the hot glue can just
drying oh that would be pretty back at
it what's in that present dog's present
I won't tell them I think everybody saw
what it was in yesterday's video if you
don't know what it is and you better go
watch yesterday and see what the girls
picked up for the dogs they're going to
love it actually
I think it's going to come in handy for
me too not that I'm going to eat play
I'm going to use it
it okay nevermind trying to entertain
the crowd on this live stream I think
our life changer and better what was
you're saying you made up today
do you remember um this is good advice
you guys uh I'm too busy wait yeah
thinking about people right daddy was
yelling whatever
I'm too busy thinking of the people who
love me instead of the people who don't
that's right you guys have another
caller they're probably really good at
water bottle flipping hey I've got a
question for you
not a hello not a hiya doin get it water
bottles laughing die I just made one
alright we're gambling here if she
misses she owes us a dollar if she makes
it we give her ten ten things
no no practicing no I'll give you you
know Christmas presents come on does not
let your sister go first okay no I'm
young Oliver's gonna give it to me I
hope you got another call
hurry good I don't want to give him a
dollar go anything got this yes for them
like ah
my aunt was our second try but look at
it hanging oh well I don't know you know
why are you popping okay the question of
the day is would you add to be ten feet
tall to be two feet small and everyone
and I on live streams at ten feet tall
and Haley was the only one who said to
be small yes oh yeah cuz I'm okay so
don't forget to come down below cuz we
wouldn't know there's a question of the
day is be tall or two feet small bye
guys toodles
always remember to celebrate life ah
babe oh babe
thanks for watching
Vitaliy
