oh that weapon
Oh Oh all right started live we are live
well that was a game plan
oh my god
mm-hmm so hello the number you can call
now are you guys excited by five days
away for days if you count Christmas so
yeah as you can see when he is very
thirsty that's why there's like you dogs
drink really weird okay anyways did you
know mm-hmm that they don't their tongue
backward yeah good wake up not nothing
oh look at it
so the question anchor today that we're
gonna be asking to talk to is wait no
one's gonna be bad me but you can't cut
when you're alive okay so the question
is the day that we are going to be
asking people on that we are talking to
is if you have any an accent which one
would it be
British that was weird
yeah alright then I challenge you to
talk this whole live stream in a British
accent install okay come on do it
okay I'll try challenge accepted
challenge accepted or trans accept
challenge maybe no babies maybe ha
however wanted no I'll do it for when
I'm off the phone no okay sorry Maradona
oh okay Sam you guys are gonna do
something in front of the camera tell
them what we said and all these good
idea
I don't know juggle juggle yeah good dog
makes
Popat progress progress progress when
people say pack crackers notice there's
no such thing as perfection so you're
only guessing progressed it was my thing
seriously I'm gonna make up ever
attained no bus here we go game if you
want to see whatever dude Wow Annie
that's amazing Haley you're not talked
to get rich upset
I'm sorry eight okay so can you guys
tell us if you're from England if you're
from England angle AEB our accent is
amazing hi who is someone from a
Christmas tree s accent Italy hi Dottie
what if they don't
so what would you like laughing anything
yeah Golden Rule come on hmm no one
likes no one history of no ghost Manju
okay look a good place artist mystery
hey lucky day it was from Rachael thing
so mother's gonna send your Christmas
tree so you'll say that name okay now
the next one do you do in X 1 as let's
evening's one in um girls breathe there
now we a more good night
hey we have enough to share what should
we talk about I don't know that
I got a phone call daddy Dino for the
phone call what oh no aah mommy I'm just
pulling over coming right down a game
yep we're making up a dad lucky guy
let's dance
I know colors are so bad at a
bible-believing negative you okay mmm
series meg out of a short okay now it's
an interesting lively but anyway clothes
beautiful a story hey no I'm making up
time okay be nice I don't know
oh yeah thank you
wait for my visit your passports yeah I
know I mean I'm no quitter mmm yeah all
right looks like yourself are the stock
today we play me wings sweet okay all
right why don't you take some questions
I'm over there you can wash your brush
I'm done with this British accent me oh
good who is your favorite YouTube
there's earth um DIY DIY people laurdiy
you're awesome thank you you're sucking
mmm I'm pretty sure is that Annie you're
awesome
no it said really you're the best thing
that happened to this world
mmm where is your shirt from from the
recent vlog well I do not remember
I don't know you're asking so yeah what
is your favorite holiday Christmas
Christmas Rogers the wrong yes
now Hey nope nope nope do you see this
that says Annie is awesome No
then Haley is awesome okay I promise
okay let's see them
what's your favorite colors wait Clary
mine is blue pink and green Oh Eugene
ass - papal yellow and the blue do
gymnastic okay mommy
yeah okay or we can just go like this
let me set it up over here Oh do that
anybody else to do the Indian dance you
don't know it all right I got this cool
and song in Dion dogs Oh baby it is
alright alright good doggy doggy
are they in the car boys I'm willing to
give them a your way go ahead
chick or yellow what's your name um how
do you spell that
G you see anyone Irishman where are you
from where are you from Iceland ah cool
I just learned that's awesome is naughty
there what's what is nice so I got a
question for you what is fun to do in
ISIL like what's your favorite thing to
do gymnastic woo so um people on this
livestream are I mean this Roger you are
answering a question of the day for
today so it is if you could have any
accent which one would it be if you
could have any accent which one would it
be
hello hi oh did you hear the question
did you hear the question a British
accent okay so what language do you guys
speak in Iceland
while language I think we think it's
breaking out all right about that okay
nice talking to you too good hearing
nice talking to you sorry that was weird
I didn't even get to ask your letter
very animal or she had new social media
Michael more questions for our coma all
back please
okay back to what we were doing
mmm-hmm what were we doing oh yeah I'm
good one
oh you're more gymnastics room I didn't
foresee is Jean oh my stomach is so sore
yeah I know it's Haley I saw you on the
livestream - I didn't see you in real
life yeah shut up
Haley checkered shirt already did you
see that I'm gonna go do a press
anything yeah I'm gonna watch you
holding one drop from the dog call huh
gonna call not a good name for the one I
saw in here hi hold on one second turn
hello who is this
oh okay good so she call back guys oh
yeah so what is your favorite animal a
dog now do you have any questions for us
um yes yes we can
wait what yes can we come to Iceland for
me oh yeah Wow
see you in two days I'm totally joking
don't expect me there in two days please
how many love your beloved art
additionally how many people do you
think live in Iceland Google how many
50,000 oh cool he thinks okay so do you
have like an Instagram or anything under
23,000 in 2013 okay I'm gonna shout it
out so what's your username G its g gu g
qg b BN n hmm i why
no oh no no I know I just a why just a
why b j o r k zero one okay so it was
really nice talking to you thank you
very much I will be sure to come to
Iceland for a meet and greet definitely
um so bye thank you so don't want to do
guys
okay well go back roll it there I don't
do spot so you go back over there ooh
okay how many hair what's it because you
get three first try that's what I me
okay let me go to 3-under well why don't
wait can we see you yeah we can see here
daddy
okay I'm gonna think oh I can't wait to
wait yeah those Porter's one come on old
ones are different because I may be one
over there sir hello hello yeah what's
your name
the names hi hmm although here is on
delay on delay
what's your name how do you my living
well my name is Annie though I don't
think they can hear you can you hear me
what's your name Adriana no yeah how old
are you 9 9 and where are you from
Puerto Rico cool
so do you do like a sport or anything
domestics Wow so I have a question for
you and it's actually the question of
the day for today so it is if you could
have any accent which one would be a
British accent you guys in your British
accents yeah yeah me too
um so I can't wait till I talk to a
British person and I what if they say
British well about that because good
okay so do you have any like you have an
Instagram or musically or anything okay
so that's okay that's okay
okay so but do you have any questions
for us
No
do you have any questions for us you
don't mind for flow well it was great it
was really nice talking to you thank you
so much for calling um bye thank you
okay so that was awesome now I'm going
to actually do the pear OS without the
dog running towards me daddy
one two three four five really tall para
let me get out of that yeah go ahead
yeah yep that's her newest gentleman oh
hello you're off camera maybe I'm not
barely on okay it's so delayed over here
so anything else that you guys want me
to do well we can announce the charity
let's go ahead and do that called online
or what but yes there it's really bad
connection too okay maybe that's up the
app all right so the charity okay mom
all right now just a guaranteed actor
hello
hi what's your name hold on sir
I heard of a the calls a hello hi who is
this
Rebecca and where are you from Marilyn
it out so um how old are you
almost watching that school so we're
asking people on these phone calls the
question of the day for today which is
if you could have any accent which one
would it be
so oh she said Australian or Irish
yeah one is lack of the Irish I've got
an accent hmm
we I'm amazing accent so do you have any
questions for us okay one is our
favorite part about being on YouTube one
no okay finally do it um is that I when
I'm older I can come back and look at
younger videos of me and see like oh my
gosh why did I ever wear that more oh my
gosh oh my so little but I'm not going
to say that so what's your favorite part
okay yeah maybe I love seeing what I
other great but and also sometimes when
my mom is like it's so boring today what
do you guys want to do were like how
about we go to sky Zone or something
it'd be really good footage like okay
let's go like hmm what about you really
oh yeah Haley's gonna answer and I'll
tell you what she says probably what the
second one of hers you know
Haley's got the one that I said anytime
and
doing this and she said also doing this
what we're doing what we're doing minute
um so do you have any social media
accounts that you'd like us to shout out
to yeah well this is her YouTube account
guys you too okay Rebecca okay so
Rebecca carrot which is spelled beat you
are e be e K aah and then carrot is
spelled CA RR ot so everyone go and
subscribe to that um yeah so I've got a
little game press play so you want an
Irish or an Australian accent then I
want a British accent so we're just
gonna have a mini conversation trying to
do those accents okay okay you ready
okay um well um I don't really know what
to say right now but never um I'm
watching my dogs play with the tennis
ball and I just taught Piper my oldest
dog how to catch it in her mouth but my
littleness dog um her mouth was too
small so she can't do it
do you have any bunny is too fat soon
hmm okay throw the ship of the perfect
accent I love it okay that was a lot of
fun did you have fun on this phone hawk
okay so it was really really nice
talking to I had a lot of
thank you so much for calling Rebecca
everyone to subscribe to our YouTube
channel and thank you alright
for more information of what wounded
warriors is suffer night and how you can
donate to it is down below and also more
information is um about uh how you guys
can uh get our phone call tomorrow whole
down there but you should be subscribing
to those channels or stuff stuff like
that and we'll be posting a different
email everyday all in one of the
accounts of you guys have no idea which
one and get some emails telling your
name your age is your pants permission
and will randomly pick you and tell you
guys the number and it's given number
every day so ok hello what's your name
Morgan Wow so how old are you Morgan 11
I got that that's really cool so have
we're young from the United States uh
school so we are asking people on these
phone calls about um the question of the
day for the day so it is if you could
have any accent which one would it be
for a British Madison account background
so um do you have any questions for us
yeah again
yeah what's your YouTube channel in
k-space SME are FPR AMM
ing little palette so everyone can go
subscribe to that um
so beauty to bathroom um no let's see
what else could we do so we're gonna
have a conversation and because you want
to have a British accent I also want to
have British accent so we're gonna have
a little conversation okay do you want
to started you want me to start it okay
so let's see say right now we annoy
streaming and I'm talking to a person
who really really I'm making this up to
see know who really really likes her
horses just as much as I do and she has
a YouTube channel um everyone should go
subscribe to it it's a pretty cool cool
channel she's a DIY Oh Cheers this isn't
true and um she posts videos of her
riding horses and pandas so dear do you
want to explain our YouTube channel okay
well that was a lot of fun um thank you
so much for calling why wait you have
two girls around here what did you say
thank you guys
oh yeah so bye guys thank you can't wait
talk to you guys tomorrow
