for me cuz I is when I eat monkeys wet
what hey good morning Haley I did have
not been morning money what is it with
you two in the baby voices got a bomb in
it
yes but mommy honey mommy
what hey so what's the plan for today
Haley tell us all about our day what's
gonna happen in today's video yeah and
mugen play games yeah what kind of game
um hmm you know what's called you know
the saran wrap challenge and so this is
what I think we've decided possibly
there's six people so three are gonna go
on our video and we're gonna have a
saran wrap challenge video it's gonna be
on our channel thank you I don't know
who it will be and then the other three
will go on Sean and Andrews channel so
you guys have got to go subscribe over
there I think that's how it's going to
work and we may do the whisper challenge
Christmas version we're gonna do why is
daddy being all creepy going up the
stairs right you always getting nowhere
fast
um and so we have a planned up to film a
few videos and then we have to go on our
plane to go home but then we're gonna
get to decorate our house okay so this
is the thing guys this is both of the
girls said this and they didn't know the
other one said it we were recently at
Mia's house for a Christmas party and
then we recently obviously came here and
they both were like we need to decorate
our house cuz we have nothing on our
walls and both houses are so beautifully
decorated and they are super oh yeah you
didn't go but you've been to me is I
don't know if you've heard of saran wrap
it's not down here right now I don't
know where it went but Andrew actually
saw it I don't see this right Matt but
anyway it's you we take R and right okay
yeah you explain um so there's saran
wrap as you guys know if you don't know
what's around wrap it's just wait wrap
stuff in it and so you can keep it cold
but we're not gonna do that we're
twisting for a game we are whoa
and your own put little things of his
like $20 bills I think that's the grand
prize no it's probably in the gun first
thing in there and like other Suzanne
candy and gum and money um and who it's
all wrapped up right Oh until the next
person rolls can keep that thing okay
yeah whoa snap Chad had a update and
Annie's very excited about it we're
explaining the saran wrap challenge so
it's a ball of saran wrap with all the
stuff like Annie Haley said strapped up
in there and then one person has the
ball of saran wrap but another person
has the dice they start rolling the dice
the other person stopped start unrolling
the ball of saran wrap and they get to
keep unwrapping it and keep getting the
goodies out of it until that one person
that rolls doubles when they I guess
that person gets all the good stuff
inside they're going to probably chances
are they're going to roll doubled and
then so then that person gets whatever
they unwrapped as their own and then we
rotate so somebody else gets to unwrap
and somebody else gets to roll dice and
it keeps going until it's all unwrapped
okay you guys we just did the saran wrap
challenge and it was way more fun than
we thought it was going to be this is
all the stuff that was wrapped up so
stay tuned for those videos because like
we said hats on our channel that's gonna
be on Sean and Andrews and it was very
exciting and very intense and very loud
that's fun we now filmed two videos you
guys the whisper challenge and what was
the first one we did saran wrap
challenge so we got some stuff in
or for you guys and yesterday I remember
we filmed this and the candles
I've been busy busy busy almost fun so
much fun
all right we're saying our goodbyes time
to go to the airport
they're leaving you're gonna miss you
well yes so pretty you guys Nash is one
of the sweetest dogs ever oh he doesn't
like suitcases and we've got our
suitcases out really bad that's why he
said so since they've already been in my
two days ago czar Wang right yes I Rock
thank you guys for are you doing your
acceptance yeah we do have to tell the
winners all right you think they think
they won do you know her no but we're
gonna go ahead and tell them the winners
right now I mean tell them that who's
here to be honest I mean are you guys
obviously gonna win because everyone's
voting almost complete ease the same
order yeah okay so this was number one
and it was team team Billy and team
Andrew the winner obviously um obviously
why hold on her he wanted to point this
out this is team two no give him the
good side to obviously look at the
detail on this oh this is Annie and him
Sean and the third man is hardly even
worth number three mommy and hailey
um and I hailey did an amazing job in
all the detail it was my piping that
killed us
I cut the UM I cut the package too much
and my piping was too thick least you
did the back wah wah wah so thanks for
voting a couple days ago
thanks for enough this now for my
acceptance speech I'd like to thank you
guys for voting for us yes we're the
only person who actually people don't
use Snoopy I'm just that's probably why
you gotta get under top
you guys I am quite impressed with the
boys house I'm not surprised that the
Annie and Sean's came out so beautifully
but really surprised how good that came
I mean even our snow not gonna melt it
now yeah you were so sweet he's like why
bye everybody
hi Merry Christmas you saw me sir that's
right thank you for having us on so much
fun
Merry Christmas see you later okay
Christmas Merry Christmas and a Happy
New Year
weirdo smell that christmas pillow fine
we will thank you know it's really not
snow it's turned into like ice okay
let's jump in iced over so we thought we
were leaving but our windshield is
frozen and we're defrosting it and we
went to go see if they have a scraper in
the house because we're not gonna get a
very bar we can probably back out the
driveway and reverse Drive wouldn't work
so well right
so we're waiting here while mr. frost it
is cold because we've got the defroster
on not the heater but eventually we'll
be to the airport and on there playing
home
that's better guys do that we scraped it
with a wooden spoon and a packaged
plastic package of something along Oh
fake eyelashes all right we're ready to
go now they're getting on this plane
we're leaving Tennessee's indignant look
ready you guys ready yeah
pillows for the airplane you're still in
Tennessee she's got a foot in Tennessee
I'm G go where are we square are we
technically right now though we still
ended a bit like not excited to go home
oh my god please - we're gonna do
decluttering first that was the deal you
know the jump-out go bad junk hello
pretty furniture oh no it's gonna be a
little while all right so we're getting
settled onto the plane or doing
different seating our old-school seating
arrangement this time this is how I
usually say everything underneath is a
little dope there's a snack next come in
take off
and they holding anything
he's scared
we like them
they got we went through the clouds
really well
a beautiful
we're flying
it is cool when you think about it ready
what game is this
piano file
you can
you
all right click like lamer home
up in the clouds
oh wait
Hey giggle Bob
you can stop eating it I think you ate
the whole flight and the whole plane and
me me I'm trying to eat you only right
now I get to get all of our stuff living
off this plane and we get to go see our
puppies oh thank you I let her borrow my
cigar are you wearing my scarf yeah
I'll let you borrow that really must
really hmm
oh my gosh he's stuck there is any Pepe
okay
hey I said that you can't steal it you
can't make fun of it in the students we
are home my friends our puppies are here
yes they are when he wants to come say
hey Andi showing Hayley what she got
from her gymnastics Christmas party did
you guys know that Hayley is on holiday
break Hayley did you remember that yeah
you did
what do you do Oh Sparkle are you gonna
share with her Annie and help craft with
her you didn't get that for Christmas
flashlights hey Winnie I missed you too
I super missed you hey I got your nose
Hayley's so sweet all she talked about
was helping declutter and help decorate
and now that we're home she's like can
we've just two crafts we're going live
day seven tune into our live shows every
night until Christmas Eve Christmas EB
our last one or tune in every evening
we're doing fun stuff we're talking to
you got yet we're doing it now and then
we'll fix some dinner that's the plan
you're hungry alright we're going to do
some dinner we missed our puppy oh yes
Gigi we missed you too
you poor child only one piece of advice
what would it be okay what would yours
be celebrating uh-huh I got that answer
home okay laughs hey Hayley what would
you say always remember sorry all right
so you think that's the best advice
mommy go what's your name what is it
they're getting so good at my boy the
first thought first day you're like
didn't know what we were doing and it
wasn't very good but now looks like
they're just they're nice naturals now
yeah how are you fourteen laughs thank
you
thank you for joining us on this live
stream of you are still here Congrats um
and if you guys want to call us call us
tomorrow more information will be down
in the description but I'm going to give
you a little bit right now all the UM
account names are down in the
description but we will be releasing an
email every a different email every day
and you don't know yet what account it
will be on so it'd help if you were
following them and you guys can email us
telling us you us your name your age and
your phone number with your parents
permission and then randomly we'll pick
you guys and give you a phone number and
the phone number will be different every
day you know you might be able to talk
to you twice and this twelve days of
Christmas oh you guys are getting good
I'll tell you my favorite dog no I can't
tell you my favorite dog either cuz I
like them both haha bye for coming I'm
kidding
ah alright it's time to eat some dinner
so we'll be back to wrap this video up
we've already asked a question of the
day while we're getting dinner ready
the girls are treat training Piper catch
the dog well high-pitch let me catch the
dog catch the ball like nash did
yeah Piper's first say and when he's not
gonna care if when it will catch food
okay she just did it so we're gonna show
you and Piper look at the ball hyper
hyper okay come on Piper come on don't
let us down daddy hi Priya want this no
oh you try you get it hi she's like can
I get that treat now all right guys I
got a dead battery going so let's last
try and we're gonna call it a night oh
good try
we'll work on this and we'll show you
tomorrow good night toodles and sleep
tight we'll see you tomorrow guys bye
I know we already wrapped up just
kidding so apparently we need wrapping
paper and tape and stuff so we are now
at the store to get up yeah well it's
lucky I wish I found this for the dogs
like oh you can try the other side
drinking Bowl that looks like a toilet
it's hilarious okay get three I heard
the girl went overboard so I'm waiting
with bated breath to see what they've
come home with hey
eh oh ho ho hey did you tell him you're
wrapping fake presents yeah I got is too
good daddy said I couldn't get ribbon oh
I could time me no way Jesus bars are
not lies wait a second not everything
will fit in mine Oh like slippers I can
assure you is there Christmas present
oh is that a water bottle I water it's a
toilet no with a bulldog on it let it
spread UGK she can top it
that's hilarious are we gonna wrap it
for them that's a bunny mysteries trees
pretty did you get the stocking holders
good oh that's really good good that you
pretty that will match our theme was she
never bought any new ornaments for this
oh that's really pretty
weren't you with them hmm perfect so
let's wrap some presents yeah all right
guys adios amigos for the second time
today
always remember to celebrate life ah
 baked potato baby thanks for
watching Vitaliy
