hey don't worry of no one Wilson offline
right now okay that's weird
let's see let's see these things are
moving so I guess Sauron but this is all
fine okay okay I guess you're on guys
hi everyone this is day seven so oh okay
so if you guys if we gave you the number
even though that we literally just sent
it out to you you can call us now now
right now and if you want to talk to us
tomorrow
then you should it would definitely help
if you were subscribed to
oh if you were subscribe to all these
channels I am about to name I will name
them after I do the call but before I do
that this is gonna be a little bit
different we have the question of the
day which will we be asking every single
person and it is if you could offer a
newborn child only one piece of advice
what would it be and we're gonna ask
them every single one every single
caller one of those the end you guys can
answer it yourself or your face hello hi
what's your name
Taryn
okay perfect so how old are you Taryn 11
so on this live stream we are actually
asking everyone we call a question so do
you want to answer a question the
question of the day so this is the
question of the day for today and it is
if you could offer a newborn child only
one piece of advice what would it be
she says be yourself and don't let other
people judge you so um yeah do you have
any questions for us oh that's that's
cool
okay okay you CD how many social media
accounts that you'd like us to shout out
to okay so she's gonna tell us her
musically account so here goes
underscored giraffe duh
hair hair Taryn Taryn ta ry in
underscore yeah that's awesome so did
you have fun that's good cuz I also had
fun thank you very much for calling and
telling us what would you what you would
do if they be bullying child need an
advice leave it oh they can't talk but
thank you very much bye okay those are
first color and they look amazing so
Louise yeah let's please don't let
anyone judge you Barnes so um you have a
red color but the channels that you guys
will be needing to fall out
another one against all of you they're
getting idea
hi what's your name Kayla how old are
you 15
wowzers I'm a no I'm 12
so on this last dream we are asking that
people the question of the day for d-day
so do you mind answering a question okay
so here's the question um kayla is up
she's 15 years old sadly and she's about
to answer the question of the day here
we go if you could offer a newborn child
only one piece of advice what would it
be
so you have any questions for us what's
your favorite part about going to
Florida did you ask if cuz you live in
Florida right now you let me Florida
well my favorite part about going to
Florida is going to a beach oh yeah and
the same water okay tell me if this is a
good idea up we should go to a beach and
our mascot should be a shark
hmm and we should have a meet and greet
and you should be first in line yeah the
mascot is good and Haley will be the
shark thanks Annie
you'll be the fish Thunder I guess I'll
see you in an hour
okay yeah so you have any social media
accounts at
you'd like a staff shout out to cuz you
know I've got a know them when you're
first in line for the Mean Green
Instagram yes spell it out please yes
please mhmmm ka y y la r OSS oh yeah
that is so go unfollowed out on
Instagram if you guys come to our
Florida me tree that's planted in an
hour
I'm kidding please don't go to Florida
then you will be second in line please
just go to Florida so right now because
it's not Vicki's if you see a shark
they're jealous cream is just Hailey and
you're the fish that I'm eating for
dinner hmm okay so and thank you very
much I had a lot of fun did you have a
lot of fun no perfect can't wait to see
you in Florida by in an hour from there
um so I kinda gotta get off the slags
drinks I'm going to Florida so you guys
have no idea which social media account
listed below we are going to put an
email on it's any random email you have
to email us saying your name your age
and your phone number with your parent's
permission and we're sending out numbers
randomly our number for a different
number every day but and if we give you
guys our number then you guys can call
us when we're live and this is what
we're answering right now and we've done
two callers I think only one piece of
advice over to me but what would you say
always remember Tommy go what's your
name
what is it Marley
Marlene perfect so my name is Annie I'm
12 and yeah how old are you 14
Wow so on this live stream you're asking
people our question of the day for today
and do you mind answering the question
so here it is if you could offer a
newborn child only one piece of advice
what would it be to have fun do you want
to talk to Gigi just for a second sleep
okay so do you have any social media
account that you Lucas
you honor my dogs are right here a
slobbery is chair gg gg gg hung up like
a horse so do you have any questions for
us no perfect okay I was not ready
do you have any social media accounts
that you likes to shout out to why which
ones Instagram okay what is it
Marleen 2178 underscore alright say one
more time hold on
Marleen 78 underscore 21 so Marleen 78
underscore 21 perfect so um it was
really nice talking to you did you have
fun I don't know if you had fun or not
so how about we let them answer the
question of the day here so you guys can
ask questions a and
if you could offer a newborn child only
one piece of advice what would it be
hello Haley hi Caleb right live
cellebrite life live life to the fullest
obey the parents stay strong stay
positive keep dreaming oh yeah bring you
down this is Annie
who's this task baby wowzers how old are
you 11
that's cool so how's your day been well
on this live stream we are asking people
the question of the day for today so do
you mind answering the question so the
question is doctor da da and if you
could offer a newborn child only one
piece of advice what would it be to
enjoy life coz you should wait do that
um so do you have any questions for us
no questions so um then let's ask you
some more questions what's your favorite
color
Haley guessed it alright this is gonna
be fun game okay weird ask you a
question and Haley's going to guess what
you're gonna say okay okay so I'll tell
you when she's done guessing um what's
your favorite animal hold on don't
answer it yet go ahead really hippo no
wait wait
elephant okay what
what's your favorite animal oh she gets
elephant um okay so let's do one more
what color is your hair okay don't
answer it don't answer it Haley be quiet
Wow Syd be quiet what color is your hair
man okay you said she got both of them
wrong she gets brown okay did you have
fun on this call great that's all that
matters
and a lot of fun too um thank you for
calling bye keep loving horses me okay
see the neck pillow we're gonna guess
there won't you say hello hi what's your
name
Emily Wow well my name's Annie and my
system here in Haley and so here's how
this thing works
we're going to guess your age so don't
say your age
Haley and I are gonna guess your age oh
we're gonna guess your age and then I'm
gonna ask you what your age isn't see if
you get it right okay I'm gonna go first
we're good
bitchy we're good 11:15 so I said 11 in
Haley's at 15 are either of us right
she's 13 are you 13
steady chat hey that was the middle of
what we said mmm mmm so okay now we're
gonna do it two more times
one vapor color and the other ones your
favorite animal so you know you're gonna
just discuss in here about your favorite
color so don't say okay so what's your
favorite color then okay you got one
right yeah so now we're gonna do one
more time with your favorite what is
your favorite animal can you just um say
a raccoon from now on telling or repkin
so from now on you guys tell people that
favorite animals are raccoon perfect
so we've been asking people a question
of the day our question of the day for
today on the sly strip so do you want to
answer the question okay if you could
offer a newborn child only one piece of
advice what worthy you do to live life
to the fullest
yeah BAM
so do you have any questions for us
what's her dream hair all right here
down over here to the arm up here a
little lighter brown and then blonde at
the very tips me too okay so do you have
any social media accounts you like us to
shout out to do you have any social
media accounts that you'd like us to
shout out to instigate okay so what's
your username and stuff Emily under the
blue dot zu underscore Oh apparently dot
so I should definitely go and follow
that she has blonde hair favorite
animals are dogs and horses their colors
are purple and blue you know the huge so
thank you so much did you have fun on
the slide just ran for a phone call
perfect
yeah thank you for calling bye okay we I
don't need every day we're donating well
no well first day we donated 100 then
the second day we did 200 third fourth
but all the way up and today
nomads and Nobles no Mady no idea
charity is there's a lot of athletes and
artists that need mentoring and as wide
you send a lot of actress actors and
actresses and athletes as they go on
with their careers a lot of times they
kind of fall off the deep end and start
doing crazy stuff it's the idea of the
charity is to mentor them so that they
can understand that you know life isn't
about that it's about a bigger picture
and staying on track they'll be there
will be definitely be your link in the
description or something like that if
you can so this is perfect hi um what's
your name so um I kind of hear an accent
so me and Haley are gonna come over here
and guess where you're from so don't
tell us where you're from into I asked
okay no no no I don't need New Zealand
yeah Australia New Zealand Australia
so where are you from hello where are
you from say say what your favorite
color oh cool so we have been asking
people on the slice live stream the
question of the day for today so do you
mind answering the question okay so here
we go if you could offer a newborn child
only one who's with us
what would it be do the things that you
like that was a lot of fun do you have
any questions for us okay yeah what is
our favorite song my favorite song would
probably have to be something by Carrie
Underwood we're 21 pilots to people but
yes okay Haley what about you 21 packs
so do you have any more questions
so did you wait can you say that one
more time oh cool so um mommy yeah she
asked she had to be singing and she said
incentive vlog t-shirt
oh she you might want to post a video of
me say did you have fun on this live
stream or yeah okay perfect
I plan to you those nice talking to you
thank you bye she's kind of sounded like
she was from Singapore Malaysia I'm
gonna guess that I don't know what is
you know family follow the legs bun
thank you guys for watching this love
wait we have one more can you see my
foot oh what's your name kay Kay
that's so cool so meet hailey are going
to discuss and we're gonna get how old
you are so don't tell us how old you are
yeah okay
okay so how old her ah perfect
so let's do that one more time and we're
gonna do with your favorite color so
don't tell us your favorite color until
I ask okay no no one color you guys pick
one go ahead what's fair color
ah blue pink so that was really fun so
we've been asking people on this live
stream in phone calls a question of the
day for today so do you mind answering
the question okay if you could offer a
newborn child only one piece of advice
what would it be
she said always stay humble and happy oh
good one so um do you have any questions
for us
Oh Haley should met you at Woodward hey
so do you have any social media account
that you'd like us to shout out to ya
one cage so wait wait slower 3a3 wait 1
K 3 3 a's so come 1 k ay ay ay y and
seven wise oh okay so one okay why why
why why why why why
perfect
no what like is it 1 K or is it like
like there's only one K or is it that
the number one thing okay so it's okay
ay ay ay okay okay gotcha
so get it did you have fun on this bone
top top top tips and be good um I hope
you enjoyed it thank you so much for
calling bye okay guys all this is so
much fun song mama so thank you thank
you thank you for joining us on at this
live stream if you are still here
Congrats um and if you guys want to call
us cause tomorrow more information will
be down in the description but I'm gonna
give you a little bit right now all the
account names again in the description
but we will be releasing an email every
different email every day and you
annoying it what account it will be on
so it helped if you were following them
and you guys can email us telling us you
us your name your age and your phone
number with your parents permission and
then randomly we'll pick you guys and
give you a phone number and the phone
number will be different every day you
know you might be able to talk to you
twice and this twelve days of Christmas
so bye guys thank you hope touchdown
