today about daddy must have remembered
and action y'all happy day after
Valentine's Day I just woke these goons
up and I looked outside I promised Haley
the way but anyway I looked outside and
look what is on the ground it must have
snowed overnight and I didn't even
realize it was going to snow overnight
woke up to that and I'm pretty sure that
was not there right so so what happened
last night okay nice chat let's go over
here and see yeah okay let's go over
here and just it's morning you sleep at
night
here is the plan of attack I say it for
you watching I say it for them we are
gonna wake up I'm gonna go figure out
breakfast you guys are gonna do some
school while you're doing school I'm
gonna pack up this mess of a room noon
rolls around we leave to go to the
airport for Atlanta Georgia the airport
15 minutes the flight I could take a
4-hour flight Salt Lake to Atlanta then
we get off the plane and we go to the
hotel and hopefully we see everybody
we're rocking our hair tomorrow for you
Atlanta that's all I got
then tomorrow we rock our hair
I even let them sleep later than I had
planned because last 10 minutes I know a
whole 10 minutes because we've got to
get up it's a school day we didn't do
school yesterday so we've got to do that
today so they're gonna get up and
they're gonna put a smile on their face
while they do school it's always
everything's better with a smile they're
gonna try it okay you guys I said that
we're gonna smile when they did school
so they've been doing school for about
an hour and I know how to get Annie to
smile Haley I'm still working on
tickling whoa I saw half a smile it is
to open this cinnamon roll that's been
sitting here for about 20 minutes
that she couldn't open and I don't know
if I can open it with one hand
oh no Annie I could do it just not with
one hand oh well played Haley breakfast
in bed oh good I like happy Annie Haley
I said we were gonna put a smile on our
face and do school no smile okay you
guys we're gonna do skiing for about
another 45 minutes and we're going to
get out of here pack up to get out of
here
all right I got I wanted you guys see
them smiling in a better mood who needs
a knife no that was not smiling in a
better mood don't need a knife
how's that smell was really good so what
are you doing okay what world someone's
calling me no one's gonna like me yes I
can know okay here we go
we got everything me too - my new booty
do drink go get it all right
okay we are out Atlanta we are gonna see
we can take this off no I'm gonna run
back and get my bag
nice Annie I know seriously I love them
I hope this one works guys we were on
floor two okay it's working and this
other belt elevator took us up and then
Lloyd got stuck on six and Hailey's
afraid to do Peter have any way to go
and then we thought that the other
elevator wasn't gonna take us down we're
gonna take the stairs like because the
other elevators okay is a long story
so we're just out of sorts I'm just
trying to explain like what we thought
the only elevator that was gonna come
was the one that was there it was
already on the floor we're good we're
good
finally this elevator came I'm like how
we're gonna walk down six flights of
stairs with all this yeah we got we were
on two so it would have just been one
flight we could have done that but so
confusing we're good though okay we all
survived security we are bringing the
Valentine's with us of course he's
moving you got him to back up there in
case okay well I was like I say oh and
everybody loved Andy's pants yesterday
that's what reminded me and I was the
one that picked the pants out and she
didn't want to wear him and she did
because it was Valentine's Day and went
through security and we're gonna have I
was wondering your boots had sparkles on
them too
okay we got to figure out somewhere to
eat this is our gate right here oh and
how proud are we you can't see it on the
camera you just look weird it looks like
a dog and I've got like salt on their
shoes I mean socks on their on their
paws okay we did not get to the airport
for hours earlier this time thank
goodness
okay so we got it I think I think this
is our gate but that's not our flight
yet our flight is at 2:15 yes okay we're
gonna go eat there's a restaurant right
there let's go check it out see you
later salt lake city how many times we
walk down a jet way in film de la
tradition we have lots of traditions
hotel tours and kissing the Blaine
you almost like the camera on the plane
we step foot off and I said where's the
camera cuz I didn't sit together hey we
landed it Aldous not going back but
apparently when you land it goes in
right what goes in front the Alda trash
was on the top of building like it fell
forward
Oh such a loud noise all right well we
left the camera on the plan I literally
took one step off the plane and the
camera all right we're here in Atlanta
I'm glad we didn't lose you guys I'm
petting you guys go so precious
hey all right they're precious they're
precious and I used to get so mad when I
would say precious my precious so we're
gonna go get our bags we're gonna head
to toe
how much school did you get done well I
can't I can't hear anything you're
saying an hour and 43 minutes on a 40
question test and how did you get do I
got an 89 I nailed it
oh you had to write as she helped her oh
he's pretty much like we wrote it off of
where laws of the game all right
school is complete for the day I feel
good got one bag
big ones coming can they get hit
oh and then the third one's coming
Oh
I'm gonna call the car
don't hit in people's way thanks
oh no her bags open the zipper didn't
break
okay I'm requesting the car and we're
gonna get out of here
sibling wars
I'm ready
lower level this is where I try to
figure out where we are at different
airports and Andy's usually pretty good
about helping Annie we need lower level
dorell to ls2 this is what we have to do
do you see that I cs6 that mean anything
I need s to lower level probably is the
L so we need C on the door it says s six
so we probably need to go all the way
down to all right I'm calling the car
and
we're gonna figure this out yo Carson
just walked by way to give a Millie what
wonderful timing loo you like can I be
believed
Carson walks right by is that Carson
leaders oh my gosh
yeah we got one we got one over coming
we got a big car thing I was not even
recording fail fail I've been talking
for like two minutes and it wasn't even
recording redo we just got to the hotel
we shared it over with Carson blah blah
blah Christian's already here I wasn't
even filming I was talking and it wasn't
even recording I was vlogging and fail
fail you need to get like a tile thing
attached to that yes I'm going to I
can't believe I wasn't filming vlog
failure so anyways we shared an uber
with Carson because we happened to see
him at the airport and we just got here
and Christian and his dad are already
here Haley please be careful with Louie
this is a cool hotel
alright we're gonna do a room tour hold
tight to this way I can't we have a room
that closer okay I'm shouldn't be
complaining but I'm dragging bags oh
okay let's do this sorry wall
mommy monkey down just can't flip out
when she sees it she we left it I packed
for her and I left Kayla bear okay
daddy must have remembered what the heck
is that view that's gotta be top ten
worst views for us the hotel's great but
our view of you not so great it looks
okay alright so tea bags dresser little
dust they're gonna meet each other have
you named monkey or you about to right
now
be be beam beam beam beam beam and bear
my little Galya bear okay being meat
bear your bean bear but Caleb says you
do never said that sorry we got a little
sidetracked a little closet
oh look at this mirror you guys hit
Annie and Haley you're gonna die oh no
bathtub humming it dang it no light and
bit like a shower
oh good well that's it Wow toilet sink
shower
well better you're in the wrong spot for
the bathroom so right now
Haley's over there mommy and daddy went
downstairs to hang out with everybody
I'm watching vampire diaries yes I'm
only on Episode four because every time
I'm on my computer mom I was like school
school school school school school so
but finally i did extra school in a
plane ii watch man so it's gonna much it
i've got six minutes left of episode
four I'm gonna be watching so many and
once I'm kind of vampire diary out I'm
gonna do a little bit more I think it's
9:30 earth to Annie can you hear me I
know you can see me though you just saw
me and now you're not looking at me if
you wonder why I'm talking so loud it's
because what she she's supposed to be
getting used to her in years because she
only likes to wear one and she's got him
out now and it was recommended to her to
try to get used to wearing both of them
and in order to get used to it she's
supposed to use them as headphones as
that so that's what somebody suggested
so but she can't hear anything with them
on so we're gonna do a question of the
day because it is the end of the day and
that's when we do a question of the day
Haley I need your help
no you're not sticking anything in there
unless it was meant to be we'll have the
border when we lost the one that it came
with question of the day ha right-handed
or left-handed as Haley's taking notes
or you're a righty or a lefty they write
both right with their right hands but
fun fact they're lefties and gymnastics
both of show you okay I was a righty
righty I wrote
okay back to Vampire Diaries oh good
what's what episode so everybody knows
but right hand absolutely right hand oh
don't hurt yourself she got she's still
got the splits guys look at that alright
guys thanks for watching we're here in
Atlanta we're ready to rock it tomorrow
stay tuned because I heard that Atlanta
is gonna rock so somebody little told me
that's gonna be a really good show so
little birdie told me that tune in
tomorrow comment down below whether
you're a righty little brookie little
Brooke II said you said little birdie I
know but that's cute that it's a little
perky okay guys um well see you tomorrow
comment down below if you're a righty or
a lefty when you write and thanks for
watching thanks for watching Haley
remember to celebrate
based on baby
thanks for watching
Vitaliy
