I'm connecting make sure you to the
directors like okay starting life
okay we're left and then you're sexy
number one there we go hi hi hi hello
let's reintroduce your sorceress
so as you can see we have a special
guest and guys it's Sean hey so yeah Wow
Wow and if you guys if we gave you the
number you can call us now cream ale
literally just sent it so thank you guys
want a chance to call us tomorrow again
you it would help a lot if you are
following that all our Instagram
accounts which are officially vitally
vitally officially dad tightly pressed
hands to dance superhero 7 to 2 plus
there oh my gosh TV in the arrow faction
music play music Lee is officially bad
taylor mckessie insist mm super a ladies
um snapchat is officially Taylor no
Batali on snap and Annie I love y'all
and Twitter and Facebook is retaining so
we've remarkable so yeah when if you
guys all of that then we'll be sending
out a different email everyday because
you can email us say your name I'm your
age and your phone number and then if we
send you guys their permission and if
mMmmm there and if we sink you guys are
number and you guys can call us and
we're good luck and yo you're gonna
Nelson later a very special charity what
am i doing so we're also doing charity
stuff and every day we go up and up and
up
and up and up the numbers and today's
day sex when no nothing that yet okay
every big caught on but look at Reggie
be keep it a secret
see look for the stone answer some
questions yeah hi
sighs no one's cold good our first
caller about no sauce on come on yeah
we literally Justin we just sing this
out let's slow it down and do we can
answer some questions guys ask some
really cool questions would you favorite
Christmas song like once I've never
asked for for Emma's blog what's your
favorite Christmas song my favorite
Christmas song is jingle bells um them
with rump a bump ball wrap around middle
loom hey I'm Kristin oh hi sigh I wish I
was from England that our first caller
okay where's Kali Emily - Canada we love
you to come your friend I heard your
name is Joe clean okay that was
beautiful are we go so what's your name
Jacqueline oh well my name is Annie as
you know nice talking to you um how old
are you
well I'm 12
and um Haley's 8 if you didn't know that
and um yeah so do you have any questions
for us whatever is in one of our
favorite YouTube videos that we've ever
made I'm never going to the Past again
hey we like to watch that one
Perea be a three-shot about you know I
remember yeah
in boozled you guys improve English I
was so shocked Angelababy oh I hate all
of them in Brazil and chickened out so
where are you telling it well I'm
talking about you right there now so um
do you have any social media accounts
that you'd like us to shout out to okay
she's checking to see what our YouTube
account is : her youtube is Jacqueline G
so go follow that because she's nice and
thirteen and she was not stupid and rich
yeah so it was really nice talking to
you thank you for the questions maybe
one day we can come to Massachusetts and
have a party with you well I'm not been
there but like have an eaten greet a
famous so I thank you you're welcome
okay um I'm not from Australia you know
hmm what else we see here keep these
people entertained
let's what can me what big color blue
shell stroke mm oh my god okay musica
we've answered either are you coming to
England helpfully I'm a girl 101 not Big
Sean
look us a couple of them
look at my lips you just made a candle
home yes we could make again my candles
are fun okay ask me gingerbread houses
yes got a lot she's jealous secret holy
there's a Marshall oh yeah we should
tell them how to make Jess what's your
name
Ellie Ellie yeah
so my name's Annie and um um and now
we're definitely totally friends so
let's have a conversation so how's your
day been
well I'm pretty good made some
gingerbread houses made some candles
yeah it's pretty good did you have any
questions for Haley um and me and Sean
okay what is our hair skill on any of
you oh I'm gonna go with you let's start
first like our favorite event and when
we'll pick a skill rub me a bit
so my favorite event right now you're
alive right now probably business nice
floor they sit the little pain pebblebee
- and it's probably a little step out
bye
so what about you Haley for floor and
what's your favorite skill on the back
in speed and around if I can't spring
Sean um back handspring my out something
hey that's my dear so yeah hers hand
lays and yeah so do you have any social
media accounts what you'd like us to
shout out to Oh toilet okay okay go
ahead let your Twitter
it's drama girl five eight zero perfect
so really nice talking to you and maybe
one day we can come and meet you
wherever you live and I'm like good
great and yeah stuff so bye thank you so
much for calling hey why don't you tell
them the secret to that like the tip we
gave that we figured out for
gingerbreads yes huge breakthrough oh
you wanna show you Shonda sure so you
know how when you make gingerbread
houses you have to use like super glue
or hot glue because it icing just
doesn't work we found something even
better and it's edible
melt marshmallows and use that as glue
it's super sticky yeah like hard as a
rock
like what it's amazing it worked it
would like amazing to under buy houses
amazing gingerbread houses now yes it's
the secret melted marshmallows guys it's
careful it will actually like glue stuff
together permanently likely thought I
was gonna glue on the plate yeah yeah
really it's not coming off maybe we
might have ruined some plates and pots
no it's working gingerbread houses are
amazing is that our neck taller already
hello hello some super excited hello hi
what's your name dear oh dear
hello hi is a Sierra yeah hi Sierra it's
Sean Johnson hi I'm just sitting here
with Annie I just wanted to say hi oh
thank you I love you too do you guys
talk to Annie now you're welcome
here she is I'm sorry now I'm kind of
boring because Sean just answered the
phone
but so I heard your name is Sierra and
how old are you oh she's 15 I think that
was her old a lot oldest people who
called us so name is keeping track but
they have letters you have any questions
are everyone in this room okay what's
your favorite gift to receive receive or
to get to receive tourists huh glue gun
you want a hot glue gun hailey really
went on I just sounds like trouble fair
good to see you and I just want arts and
crafts everything about you Sean Archer
huh and I'll Shawn off seniors and crash
uh now and glue gun and a glue gun okay
so what about like a glue you didn't
clear a did you my hands together you
want to blame you it what do you want to
yeah
for they cleared here she call me Katie
Jia that she was too hot go her hands
together
Oh fantastic yes you know it's gonna
hurt without any social media accounts
that she likes to shout out to okay
what's your musically say it one more
time pro Archer 27o
super water are you an archer yeah I am
Archer
what's an archer Oh like Katniss
that's amazing aren't you yeah she's a
modern-day Katniss oh okay
it was really nice talking to you
I'm not a pro Archer I actually have
never held a bow bow thank you so maybe
I that's not probably the sport for me
and so I'm saying body right now but I'm
gonna hand the phone to Shawn so she can
say bye to you it's nice to meet you
Ciara good luck with your archery that's
amazing oh thank you oh happy trip Merry
Christmas bye happy christmas happy
christmas happy christmas time in
Chamberlain oh yeah that was fun you do
we want to go ahead you want to stop
helping out so charity yeah well do it
now and we can take more cost okay guys
the charity of the day wait
we lost there we go right yeah there the
charity of the day is actually my
brother's charity it's called Hope
Sports okay and what they do is they
build houses for poor people in Mexico
and they do it in Dominican Republic and
it's really really cool so if you guys
want to donate that'd be awesome but our
friends the brutalities are helping us
out and we are donating $600 oh my god
it is an awesome charity guys because
you can go out and actually build the
homes yourself it's really cool that's
cool we don't if you don't you build a
house in two days
that sounds our president we need to do
that we have to do that I'm pretty fun
and um others I think he's gonna put the
link yes for my channel perfect perfect
Hey doing any what are today the last
car we just talked to you as a
professional Archer what does that mean
like flexible Cal said I like arching
yeah I you know in archery in school so
I don't know why
and click like to anything middle school
I think we good yeah well it was just
like one Sarah you're amazing
yeah that's pretty cool is this a fun
fact my brother's name we started a
charity his name is guy guy guy guy guy
he's a guy his name is cat
hello what's your name
Desiree hi Desiree this is Shawn Johnson
hi nice to talk to you I just want to
say hi before I hand the hoenn over to
Annie here you go hi what's what's your
name oh yeah no I'm just gonna call you
dad trick are you desi Ravi um where are
you from where are you writing camera so
why did you want to tell us what I'm
gonna I think it's cuz 4200 she's a
horse lover a horse lover
yeah so do you have a horse that's so
lost when fans I know fifteen megachitos
um do you have any questions for us
yep oh geez what do I plan doing in the
future with my writing having fun
they're not very good yeah just hoping
I'm always gonna love horses horses are
the boobs
yeah and bunnies are pretty good
intermediate how's that you like just a
shout out to what are then gonna make
six total right yeah I like
my life underscore underscore two
underscores how are you gonna shake on
the candles to underscore - I do like
group ice and this one's yours
wait why should I know - like hotdogs a
yeah ID in front of it oh wait no but it
has a partial syllable so everyone go
and follow that disappearing and it's a
horse Instagram yes yes so wine or not
yeah um so it was really nice talking to
you keep writing love you know we were
ivory a birthing oh and thank you bye
thanks for calling I guess bye daddy got
nicknames for okay Haley wasn't sure
where candles I'll let her know so -
yeah we did that
look at these candles guys like magic
candle we're gonna start selling these
look would you guys buy your handle what
do you do a Nietzsche is trying to show
her can't wrong job nicely hi hi hey hey
what's going on it don't how you
decorated it and look you dolls with
singers what's the real a stickers what
some have goodness is it last one I may
be done but look at their clothes oh
yeah good boy okay oh good boy ah from
my collar okay this would cut it is
probably our last caller right yeah
probably
problem oh you go oh so what's your name
and we're you she's from New Zealand huh
please be one so dumb
I'm gonna hand her over to show up so
she can hear your accents you can ask my
silcoon
here you go what's your name
Riley Riley Riley Riley Riley it's nice
to meet you brother this is Sean hello
it's amazing that you're from New
Zealand we love that you're from New
Zealand and we would love to go to yes
we want to go to the Cygnus Ely I hear
it's beautiful thank you for calling you
know talk to Haley yeah hmm hey Haley's
skills on the phone say hello hi how're
you Dan mmm
oh it's awkward phone talker ever Oh
what they can't hear you oh my gosh want
it perhaps is cool if we love your
accent
they love our echo oh well thank you
thank you
here's Annie again it's nice to meet you
Bradley do you have any social media
accounts that you like us to shout -
okay she's likely and she's about to
tell us season hmm Riley gone T - yeah
is that it is that it
okay so it was Riley Daugherty
so go ball that it's a musically account
she's from New Zealand she has a great
accent um probably those amazing musical
innocence
thank you so much we had a lot of fun
talking to you love your accent
um helpful acting in the New Zealand I
call boxes and my calling back Riley
eyes Johnny Goudie you guys only gonna
need one of those sure I'm gonna do
zealand come in boys
okay so that was a lot of fun yeah um
she guys just tuned in I just have to
say it again
just tuned in and you guys brought I
call us tomorrow
you guys it would really help if you
were following all these social media
hands I'm about to name your right let
me go Instagram officially became
officially dad to labor Kaley press
handstand super Haley seven arrow
fashion oh my gosh TV and truth plus
their lap chat a got LeBlanc and
bratayley on snap um
musically officially decade press
handstand seven and super Haley and
Twitter and Facebook is bratayley so we
will be releasing a different email
every day on one of those social media
accounts you never know which one and um
you guys can email us telling us telling
us your name your phone number with your
parent's permission
Mel Brooks and how old you are and we if
we'll pick we're picking randomly and
we're gonna just send off a different
phone number to every day to everyone
without like a different one like you
get this remember you get that one over
but yeah I'm new row number gig clicking
new home numbers we send it to you guys
you get it you can call us one more lot
and this Oh nothin
okay so that live a lot of fun hopefully
you can talk to some of you guys
tomorrow don't forget that we're
donating $600 to how sports hopes what
um yeah oh yeah so just for the fun
today we are going to continue this live
stream but over on Sean's channel ah
channel will check out that live stream
so special
Sean Don's in the pits on Johnson Sean
Johnson official right now we'll meet
you there
bye
