hi for me
hey good morning everyone towards the
gym and everyone's like that it is cold
it's so windy outside so yeah they're
just like literally how it is at the gym
it's dark until then okay so yeah we're
gonna say goodbye to my Madre
we got the rough cut of the cartoon the
girls were doing we we are the ropes out
of the curtain we or the first pass
rough cut animation but I don't say
anything that psycho says Dropbox
down down that I got it guys the like we
get to watch it you guys have to stay
tuned but we just won a fourth right no
oh my gosh we're so because that's a
cartoon it doesn't come out the 20th on
I don't know what day comes up see then
why don't you say no I see that
we've been gorgeous super cute cartoon
so stay tuned for that I thought he said
the 27 for the record it comes out
Saturday on the Dewey part this effort
oh boy it's not loading you're gonna her
to watch we're in the car it is not
learning very well ah welcome home it is
24 degrees out buckle up I know it's
silly three freezing it's so cold that
they didn't have you guys waiting
outside huh Wow Oh so
yo yo yo so amazing so your day was so
amazing yeah what'd you do
you did yeah like school no we did it
like crafts in different peoples rooms
where we get pre-k for first grade and
second grade cool you did different
activities neatly so it was a good day
yay we know I can't see anything you
think it would be warmer with help right
the Sun yeah so great oh so what we
doing today let's see we're gonna go
home yay um daddy has an edit of today's
video yet so he's gonna do that I'm
gonna pack for our trip
oh speaking of trip we never announced
where we're going do you remember
from roll we are going to John and
Andrew how house is hoppin house they
live together they're married yay we've
never been to their house
never never see you excited to see them
and hang out for the weekend so I gotta
go home and pack for that you're gonna
do homework then Annie we're gonna I'm
gonna go get Annie
we have snowing yeah you have spelling
and then we're gonna go live 4 day 4 day
4 day 4 of 4 dailies 12 days of
Christmas and so we're gonna announce it
on your musical okay
yeah he's exciting this is fun to talk
to you guys and to my hair don't I care
your hair is getting longer it's right
here right here is daddy been doing a
good job with your hair yeah it looks
really good
already watches I can see myself in the
mirror won't let the mirror it's gonna
be
but it's so much brighter like right
there it's actually kind of dark so whoa
my hands the break-in and it is not
right outside so it's not that bright oh
my gosh she'd be a so bad you're not
even there anymore we played the game of
Haley goes to check the mail
oh gosh blurry blurry Bill Haley goes
and checks the mail and we pull in and
whoever wins she locked us out to face
her we should leave she wins
like every time he thinks she's big
backpack on the floor where is she
nowhere to be found
what if she's hiding what if she jumps
out in front of me
Haley Oh thought you're hiding from me
never mind
mommy wanted me to come downstairs to
show me something cool I don't know what
it is Piper I don't know what she's
doing
Haley oh gosh
what are you doing clothes on me I was
right in the middle were you visit there
we we're doing a musically yes that's
how we're announcing today's email yeah
you guys want a chance to talk to us so
follow all of our social media accounts
they'll be listed there listed all over
I'm doing some laundry to try to get
ready for tomorrow this is all Hayley's
school uniforms mostly and Leos that's
the majority of our laundry bratayley
sweatshirt
these are pertinently sweatshirt very
much tug of war so anyways we're
announcing it on Haley's musically today
so follow all of our other accounts so
that you can get a chance to talk to us
we're going to release an email today's
email is this No
and it's a different email nine days so
people are going to email this address
or tomorrow's address or whatever day it
is and then we will randomly select some
to send you guys the phone number
because if you guys didn't know we Jam
the phone line the first day and it
didn't work so we can only send the
phone number to a few people are bad but
it's been going smoothly begin some
money way to charities and talking to
some of you guys and it's been good why
are you the only dog in the house Haley
is the director of this musically you
guys if you want to see this behind the
scenes or how this behind the scenes
turns out go check it out on super Haley
on musically oh what am i oh there's the
other day daddy what is it's cold out
I'm gonna let them in oops sorry I
stepped on toes it is too cold out for
puppy to be out very long bless you
bless you bless you backwards mommy
oh look backwards and just make sure
it's okay you're just like your sister
alright we'll give you some privacy
alright I'm getting a personalized
pillow I'm well I'm not getting it she
said I will put your name in not our
name amen alright why do you have it
just playing with it yeah that's the
cool is pulling on in I'm not sure what
that means but now it's mine so I see
yours until she says give it back she's
all that stuff
all right you're kind of creepy sounds
pretty good here I can't erase it
Tuesday that looks so good Arden I don't
know how you're going to get out with
your pillow because we all love it you
do have a lot you move it in or move it
out
put that up it's 20 degrees out the hood
goes on she was such an arrest to get
out like two minutes of course it's my
phone my bad
well if you wouldn't have me carry all
your stuff at all no I don't know what's
better or healthier pie the Gatorade
because you were working out it is cold
you're not gonna believe how cold it is
it's like this a hobo Oh told you Sidney
thinks it's cold too and weren't way
down I know it's cold by the lockers Oh
we're like alright see you tomorrow
oh my gosh I see that oh my gosh oh I'm
all the way down I'm holding a freezing
Gatorade
oh why didn't you get on chocolate or
something
I wish myself would you have gotten some
yes oh me too
no I've got there's like tons of
calories and hot chocolate you guys it's
cold I don't think you realize what it
is haha can't get to my phone come sit
by the fire my friends and let's tell
stories while daddy gets ready to go on
YouTube why Lindsey oh hello Winnie my
best friend is here to hear the story
because my best friend
oh my god oh she's gonna do the trick
Winnie look at you - morning Dayton OH
Piper's jealous Zack come on Piper what
good Haley's got a new bed warm by the
fire and when they always want my pet ha
ha ha we are surrounded by our dogs it's
the boogie Ritchie their favorite place
to be hello
ok so today is day what for we're gonna
announce it and a need wants to live
anymore I'd say four and he's gonna
apparently live in this onesie yeah
later on Annie's gonna make a musically
cuz musically emailed her and said will
you be part of our Christmas countdown
what so what do you yeah and that cool
you want to help her make the sign she's
day nine so she got to make nine days of
Christmas sign see you look at this you
see this over here what are we seeing
yes you guys nine days
yes we all have anything under our tree
yet I did do some Christmas shopping
today stuff I got stuff to go under the
tree
it's art scraps is it please oh did you
go to Michael's I'm not telling you
where I went I have did not go to
Michael's oh I got some Christmas
shopping done that's all I'm gonna say
is all my stuff is that Michael oh we're
ready to go home I got me out of that
discussion
true and this light is going on and off
and I don't know Oh off with your head
no one thought when he no one thought
alright guys so hope your husband it was
me I just did this no one's knocking at
your door um I hope you guys been tuning
in like how is it so that you know what
um to do and you know what charities
were donating to let's you can watch all
of our old um YouTube lives at $400
today today is $400 and you're gonna
find out too wet charity oh there's a
hint right there let's watch it guys he
literally just turned it on
it's not even like it there no our life
is so deal with what a good oh my gosh
what is our boy please yeah make it
light man I said light
no I didn't I said 3 2 1 I didn't say
lights camera oh my yeah we do policies
hiiiiii like right we're on I just have
an update yes ok guys so as you can see
I love my hair and we switch sides
so say names one by one fernanda say the
first one
Lindsey Fernanda and Balin okay you guys
are in the blog we're filming a phone
call yeah literally filling this phone
call right now um yeah here's giggling
favorite sweet yeah I've all been sweet
it's so cool Maddie's directing Annie to
say thank you rekt sega huge steven
spielberg Gilberg so what ryan call me
you guys you guys here
Piper in the background being all rude
like are you in charge there she is
i Christmas Jesus decorated da butt so
I'm very
thing good job look she got the horse on
there of course that was me look at the
horse and the bee yeah guide on in my
wagon again and I'm gonna play this line
oh the livestream went so good our best
one yet I think yeah
and Annie is disappearing off into
darkness because she's I know this
office is so embarrassing oh my gosh
don't look don't look don't look okay so
what oh it's a mess
um there's markers out there I don't
know why you came in here okay I want to
show something oh look look look just is
that me no Hannah that's Caleb okay I'm
really white and pasty and look how
young we are many ways to be overall
Aska be everywhere
okay so Annie's making participating in
the twelve no not 12
I got retain these twelve days of
Christmas on the brain Christmas
countdown on musically so she's going to
make that real quick
I know we should have said redo we need
to be seven one two yeah
yes all right now let's make a musically
can you believe it
ah what oh no you forgot to hurt the eye
oh you forgot the heart the eye Haley
heart for nothing oh you're going fancy
for school tomorrow
holy moly you love your dresses you have
to wear a jacket because that's no
sleeve you need to go find like white
white shirt to go on under it it's too
cold one of these days we're gonna get
that ladder but away mmm
it was a very good year I agree
I graduated in 99 fYI Oh 79 nah
this is good no it's not cuz she's still
trying mmm look at it it's so funny so I
don't know if it's working yet but I
really want to get my hands on it so I'm
gonna give this to mommy so she can show
me
I got she's like you nice to see me hey
Danny do you wanna come oh yeah
take your hand pull your hand out quick
that's what takes it off okay at the
back of this hand stick the back of the
same in there then pull it off three
mobile actually pro now it's a lot it is
from one blue this is just like what not
like I'm shaving good mister just
shaving cream it's so lovely this is so
soothing to watch wanna know it will be
really soothing when it's kit fills I'm
sticky when I keep kneading it oh that
looks like fun when it gets less sticky
and it's nice to get all you can play
with it because then I won't get a
little it's gonna do a serger doesn't be
more works
I think I'm five maybe if you let me
know
Luther for a while if it's not getting
lost it feels so like it's pretty good
like I just feel like wow wait that much
you can just you guys should make a
how-to video you guys can make her own
daddy should make a how-to video you
guys should do that go go go no bounce
it okay how about money get into it good
just go gotcha real high are you gonna
sign over there yeah
ready your babies lime hey guys who's
talking mr. dad I'm really cold really
freezing it's really thinks frizz I'm
not freezing there so really I will get
lots of grass what type of videos do you
like watching DIYs and cooking video
cold iPad I know it's so freezing so
yeah those are our favorites so what
kind
it's got of course you guys watching
YouTube cousin watching up but what kind
of videos do you like watching like
vlogging DIYs whatever could you like
our DIY cuz we do okay that was bad yeah
and but what was the other one Oh
remember I don't know but it's something
Ava there's something Ava don't behave
I'll go and follow them or kick them how
to cake it I'll take it
um could you will see please you'll see
he loves that you love that you'll see
cupcake Hey mmm cupcake addiction all
those hello people fellow it wasn't like
oh you're like Nami a nerdy no yeah it's
my favorite I know it it's called a
below cuz we wanna know the question of
the day is what what is moving right now
YouTube videos recently world it nailed
it but then we're like oh okay so bye
guys
you tomorrow always remember to
celebrate life hey ah babe oh babe I
thanks for watching Britt Ailey
