I'm taking you to commanding everybody
I'm taking you to and we brought pajamas
cuz it's a pajama Christmas party today
let me go give this to Annie
everybody ready for a Christmas party
just a little dressy I know I feel like
a bum I feel like a bum most of the days
cuz when I put real clothes on there
like Oh what are you so dressed at born
okay I'll turn that you're just gonna
change there you sure okay okay okay you
naughty and nice you have a good
practice you ready to have a party how
you feel
Pat Rex was horrible oh they're funny oh
my goodness you guys are so cute little
reindeer a little Santa are you mrs.
Claus
oh yeah oh yeah we doing a Christmas
picture you get your game oh come on do
that yeah then no one will say I'm
loving all the Christmas pajamas little
bum oh you guys are so cute hi
I'm very Connie either peak in town
day
okay well trees blue I want it
multicolored wait for it all right
wait for it I'll tell you I'll give you
the countdown three three three two it's
purple okay it's yellow it's where's the
multicolored Uranus mom you're a schmuck
don't don't miss it it was like the last
one we had a countdown when we were on
beam and it was like really five
routines in a row under pressure
oh yeah those are gonna go really well
all right in blue ever I might in green
I'm sorry red white red white and boom
Monday I'm wearing red white and red
white and blue I'm wearing mine deers
and me right now are ten yards away two
guys have your new me as how is for the
my party Christmas party and right now
we have in the car do but you really got
ah not in her pajamas yet because we're
going to her house on Santa Claus sera
congi this cute little on your helmet
it's adorable I'm an elf slash Rudolph
not really cuz it doesn't have a red
nose so we just arrived at Mia's
and what do you see down here all the
presents for Secret Santa
I wonder that might be for maybe or
maybe even not oh is it a present is it
a present that's really cute yeah Oh
hold the puppy dogs even have their
names on it
Oh Joe snoop Bubba
is so cute good Mary coach Mary that is
amazing it's very festive gonna wear
them
she's not feeling great look at all the
delicious food okay and of course
there's chick-fil-a oh I need that hard
and I need that guys have no idea
no idea look at all this yummy food
potatoes and stuffed shells I need to
see the cotton candy all right my
friends I think Secret Santas about to
start I'm gonna go find myself a spot
down here miss Jill Harbor now
everybody's here gosh we've got such a
cute little crew yeah
okay the pictures video hold it huh
insert festive Christmas music here
basket and it's a charade it's something
about Christmas something you do it puts
this time on so yeah that's going to be
a part and try this if it doesn't work
we'll come up with oh the puppies up now
he's gonna come down now now look what
you did go find it I saw it in this area
we might have been without you look on
the tag right there
yeah you can ceiling Huberman make it
rain make it oh it was a perfect match
what is it
a bedazzler
I don't know why you would like a
bedazzler I mean try to get from this
hello yeah who looks guilty who looks
suspicious three guesses come on Mia Mia
Revilla Mia yo yeah I think usually
together
all right you need to do your charades
Oh or hug first oh don't hurt Mackenzie
all right now Annie has to be charade to
see who gets to go next
what no geez don't know breathing down
berries turn you ready for gymnastics
all right so I'm gonna stop on the way
back home from dropping you off and try
to get some did you eat all the candy
game yeah then no can we get candy canes
what kind for who we could take those
candy canes in that I won't want to give
them to my teammate teammates
I'm a team AC hub 13 we don't have that
many candy canes yeah I'll see how ready
see you away
nope young Skywalker see you away man 7
just give unto the seven people you like
no that's a bad idea
it is like Christmas in here Tierney did
you get some presents
would you get oh man rock rock band this
works
and you need to pick somebody rage we
haven't gone yet I don't think she likes
it
yeah yeah
Haley pretty much informed me that she
promised her teammates she'd bring them
candy canes pretty much on the way to
jump so now we are running by the stores
that we can get these candy canes she
promised people don't promise people
things until you ask your parents got
that all right now we got to find candy
canes quick all right so I'm gonna put
that stuff down oh stop Oh miss Kari and
we laugh because Arden always teaser
because she's always like do we have do
we like yeah you have to wear makeup but
you weren't she's kind of starting like
it that thing feels so cool no way
goddamn yay basically happen
nope sure that was not gonna go they're
gonna be out we won't be able to find
them in time
nope but we got them
yeah
I'm ready
wow what did he call me
thank you
Oh
BAM camel travel and the hair still
intact
alright we're going down for the talent
show hey Lia did you write that on your
list Annie
yeah this a hot glue pen you just knew
we wanted for Christmas and I said
hakama and all but I just happen to be
dazzled bam bam go down for the talent
show
you have nothing planned but you better
think of a talent really quickly Serna
Arkansas California Colorado and
Connecticut and more Delaware Florida
Georgia than Hawaii Idaho Illinois
Indiana Iowa still 35 to go Kansas in
Kentucky Louisiana Maine Maryland
Massachusetts a good ole Michigan
Minnesota Mississippi Missouri and
Montana
Nebraska's 27th number 28 Savannah next
New Hampshire and New Jersey and way
down New Mexico there's New York North
Carolina North Dakota Ohio Oklahoma
Oregon Pennsylvania now see Rhode Island
South Carolina South Dakota Tennessee
Texas and there's Utah Vermont I'm
almost through Virginia then there's
Washington and West Virginia too good
be the last one or is it 49 no Wyoming
is the less eight of the 50 states a
crime you know you different one that's
great but if you want to get an a silly
little ride say that Dustin sing that
song do it double time when you go get
him boy Delaware flooded drove in Hawaii
how do you easier my message is to go to
Michigan to be Missouri imitating
domestic agenda for anyone next new
kitchen is your pink diamonds comes and
you even care when and what kind of omlc
but I was like I want to go to Tennessee
Texas Utah Vermont officers but you can
even watch it emoji choose one to be
left under is everything away
yes we love this we love it
yeah oh my gosh is getting intense so
this is probably not your card probably
in here somewhere
all right we've moved on to white
elephant and we're like six people in
and no one's stolen I'm like come on
steel steel steel steel steel steel I
don't know just tell someone hey Annie
steel repeat no I'm just kidding don't
okay I would not do deals it and if you
want some elf slippers or a or a sock
monkey no not that one too late no it is
only kisi oh yeah then extend you got
noodles
great noodles hey guys so we're leaving
the house oh my good
um and uh yeah it was fun your voice is
completely gone now Annie hi thank ya my
face is red because we're in traffic
everyone got dropped off so yeah now
we're heading home
big case I got yesterday or the day
before possibly my sister anyways it
already broke I'm putting it on speaker
who asked her if you can put on speaker
first okay say Annie it asked her if she
wants be on speaker okay okay alright
guys we are nice I got to be why cuz
they're alive right now eyes for our day
three love 12 days of Christmas
bratayley is 12 days of Christmas so
weird
okay 20 watch this guy we're talking to
somebody from New Zealand and they like
her okay this is she asked if you could
be anyone who would be you could be
anyone now I would be Carrie Underwood
mmm yes but I would be a person who had
a review and accent the same here Oscar
she wants Detroit now you want to trade
accents with me yeah yeah we gotta talk
like a little girl with a cold
hey I love you too that was really
really fun
we can talk to some of you guys tomorrow
tomorrow so one more time if you guys
don't know how you want to get the
number we will be posting it on me and
or you just have to be following them
you know it's a secret and down don't
shoot so yeah you know yeah well it's
gonna be a brand new email tomorrow
brand new email every day yeah okay who
wants to hear I'm on this thing by the
way who wants to hear how mean Billy is
you want to hear how mean your father is
we're all weighing ourselves right now
so I weighed myself I could step on the
scale like in all my clothes I want see
how much I weighed at night fully
clothed
just for curiosity and I look down on it
and it said like this ridiculous number
like laps that's exactly what it said
and I was like like blinking and then he
starts busting out laughing and I
realized this but was on it come step on
it good stuff on the back of him where
mom can see see I couldn't see him
because thought he was like looking over
my shoulder I don't know how I didn't
figure it out over here yeah she thought
she would it was it was not very nice no
garnish only watch right you're almost
50 whole pounds all right who's got a
question of the day hmm let you defend
it what well what if they're not
gymnasts what's your favorite give it to
watch event to watch Oh Mary Kate with
the smartness I love me to watch you
like to watch beam that's my least
favorite to watch I'm yo party we like
to watch bars or you like to do bars Oh
bars or problem horse o-rings are fun to
watch I like the high bar though for
guys because they get going so fast
around the bar any favorite event I like
to see the trail shoe though like for
the compilation some fails online not
but I don't want them to be hurt I just
my god hard work watch your one last
expand favorite event in gymnastics
well first to do it changes all the time
what is it
vault no no still no for no beam it was
beam before not if no you quittin yes I
get it
I'm put more is your favorites am I here
to watch is also silence you okay
alright my friends
um we have a long day so that's a wrap
on today today is good give in to watch
bye see you tomorrow bye Haley see you
tomorrow Haley I know that toy is
amazing remember to celebrate life ah
baked potato baby
thanks for watching
Vitaliy
