I mean who knows watching - dude it says
zero watching okay it looks like people
are watching us now so if we gave you
our number you can start calling if you
did okay so yeah hi everyone although hi
okay guys don't wait here we get a camel
oh sorry you guys do we have a very very
special guest a very special guest and
her name is oh you want to go on I'm
looking rougher okay so yeah they're
cakes we are that's oh oh I first taller
so yeah so we're gonna have to learn
them so hi how are you yeah you got
people sorry guys okay hmm and what's
asking me what's in you remember and
Murphy hi amber hi what's her name Lacey
gravy Wow hi so how old are you guys
oh wow okay so do you have any questions
for us Mary keeps your faces great she
asked us what is the best prize you ever
gotten
well my no mine was getting the petting
zoo in my backyard
so Haley's gonna answer it sound let's
just pass the phone to her um okay um
having a wife okay is about having like
so um do you have any social media
accounts that you like us to shout out
to like Instagram you to play okay okay
so she is a Twitter and the username is
it's amber bear white hmm that right
okay so make sure you go what is it on
Twitter follow yeah okay so go and
follow that and yeah so do you have any
more questions no I know
hmm uh what do I want to get for
Christmas one thing she only got today
actually I went to a Christmas party and
I you gotta have glue gun glue gun which
is what I really really really wanted
but I also want a lot of arts and crafts
and like fell and stuff like that so um
yeah I just want artsy grass
so ya know it was really really nice
talking to you um so bye Merry Christmas
how low is my finger
are those new earrings yeah these are
new earrings are you kidding thank you -
problem - how'd I get back home home
wait for some entertaining oh so you
guys see this little thing so me know it
so there are rings and if you put it on
your arm it rose Shanta rolls down and
wash this gonna move and it's back into
rings hi
whoa yeah you can try to top this person
not be alright whoo this is Kathy hailey
right Oh Kathy mm-hmm
so okay upon me hi I'm Annie
as you know so how's your day been good
that's good how old are you oh wow
you're older than me yeah um so do you
have any questions for us over on her -
well as your question so what's your
Instagram CDOT what what is it seed out
sure
C dot d AR T le TT / tail e dot for so
going smaller than and everything yeah
what he said
so um yeah so I give this phone to Haley
or she's gonna answer some of your
questions hi
is it okay bye
so Haley decide not to talk hmm so do
you have any questions and I'll ask them
to Haley so do you have any questions
Haley she wants to know what have you
done today gymnastics in school she said
your masters and school and do this yeah
that's pretty that's pretty interesting
so it's really nice talking to you um
this was really fun yeah oh yeah bye
thank you
okay guys so if you guys want to get
your number all you have to do is follow
us on or follow us on all of our social
media channels tweet it on Instagram
you have to be falling oh another one
really pertain leapers handstands super
87 um
choose the stair oh my gosh to be the
arrow factions that all the debt
officially got a lease
oh all gonna be posted tomorrow yeah so
something will be posted tomorrow and
you have no idea which one it would be
on and also twitter is Jesper tailee
snapchat is officially makayley on time
okay no Jess it's just a beginning
I am an e dot LeBlanc so yeah I never
know where is gonna be busted so I'm
musically music please all our Perseus
in seven super Haley and officially dead
truly and Facebook and Twitter is just
particular I said that but it's that way
yes okay not the words J okay it'll be
in the description below and a little
last one just go in I think it's already
there oh he already put it there looks
like it alright I think you got another
cover
yay oh hi Vanessa
mmm hi Vanessa though how old are you
Vanessa
they say 100 channel Christmas Eve
Christmas Eve whoa happy early birthday
do you have any questions for us so she
asked how do we come up for inspiration
for our videos on acro Anna - and Ellie
Ellie on for what you go nuts lol ok so
really usually I'm like not really
thinking about it and then when I'm
going to sleep I'll be watching videos
it'll be like oh yeah that looks like
something fun to do I'm starting to get
into makeup I want to do this so really
I just it's literally YouTube that
inspires me I'm like I want to do that I
want to go and make this video and like
coffee them so Bobby would coffee
everyone and just putting it on my chin
no it's just yeah crystal yeah so
yeah do you have any social media
accounts that you'd like us to follow
anyone know or shout out
yeah do you have any social media
accounts that you'd like us to shout out
hmm
so her Instagram account called NASA dot
four four four more get some more fours
mmm so then follow that everyone um yeah
yeah definitely so it is really really
nice talking to you hopefully one day I
might be able to move in someday
um bye thank you what you get back is
funny
how's my workout for today oh hi you see
although I'm not on behind so um yeah
okay
another caller your comas getting bored
okay or bored or go maybe you guys can
okay just walk home at night what I
should ask them oh my gosh like that's
amazing
it's going all three girls think it's
roller she'll Australia I say she's an
Australian national um excuse me where
are you from where she's from New
Zealand or New Zealand news oh hi what's
your name oh my gosh can you say Annie
over here I'm putting it on speaker hold
on
you can put on speaker her okay say
Annie and ask her to wear comfy okay
very much hmm okay no you have any
questions boy this is so weird
okay buddy claps we're talking somebody
from New Zealand this evening do they
like okay because she asked us if you
could be anyone who would it be
Oh could be anyone now I would be Carrie
Underwood mmm yes but no I would be a
person you had a New Zealand accent Oh
Trish Oh same here Oscar Schultz Detroit
now you want to trade accents with me
yeah yeah sure I'm gonna talk like a
little girl with a cold hmm Hey okay go
ahead let's go let her talk okay hi oh
my god my voice is cracking I love you
too yep guys if I could move anywhere
suseelan where with you just go to New
Zealand if I could what apparently this
group okay if I can move anywhere in the
world where would it be
New Zealand her new favorite players me
too I did I've heard this beautiful
place normal oh so do you um and
requests not any questions do you have
any social media icons that she's like a
shout out
okay what's your Instagram so her
Instagram is an EJ underscored Pro
prints look PR on IV okay Amy J
underscore pretty so rollin
um can you spell eighty am ie okay so go
and follow that and did you say that
your friend wanted us to shout it out
okay so here's is Georgia D underscore
proof is that what it was okay perfect
well it was really nice talking to you
like really nice because I liked your
ass so hopefully I can come to New
Zealand to meet you thank you bye Mary
Kate's getting in trouble over there
very good fiber nails oh you ate dinner
yesterday okay so what should we do to
entertain you guys they were going to do
to do a friend here okay
hey take that blue away from you some
way
and do stuff guys then now I can talk
together it's not like I just watched
you redo that on here and it did look
worse on camera than it really wasn't
realized is it yeah cuz Bailey was help
off the cameras and all of a sudden was
just like yes Jerry Josh ready ready
house it's so pure hello Sofia how old
are you 9 wow what is that Annie so do
you have any questions for us
Oh what do we like about vlogging I know
I know I know um what I like about
vlogging is thick what is you kind to
get some stuff out of it because you
like oh it'd be a really good blog if we
go to the movie theater today like stuff
like that and it just because when I'm
older I can look back on these blogs and
be like well that was me Wow why did I
ever even say why I did a haircut yeah
so answers yeah okay so do you have any
more questions okay so my favorite book
my favorite my favorite book oh my gosh
I like elephant one who you want the
elephant one why'd you say when there an
elephant one yeah correct
you really really like sir oh that Ivan
yeah eizember I'm integrating
I've been look great yeah so um do you
have any social media that you'd like us
to shout out by any chance
yeah what is it well okay
so say that just say the first one again
so say say the whole thing from the top
but I'm gonna stop you
12 so you're you're a cow's name is so
underscore sixteen underscore twenty
underscore 29 understood good can you
shout your wife
sure what is it
gymnast underscore Sharon Ken okay so if
you guys just heard me go and follow
those both accounts one is her friends
and one is hers there's more said was
her second one said his friends so it
was really nice talking to you and a lot
of fun hope you did too
Merry Christmas and we through your
Happy New Year
bye thank you ahh
What's Wrong eyelash Oh wonderful
oh you're not getting in our class want
a full resolution fine
say hi to Judy hi Judy here LBJ I'm
trying to see another person Rosie
Garcia she loves you so much
I wouldn't make it here me later I'm
sure
your um daddy stepping in on a live
stream
I'm live streaming oh the phone is
ringing you don't know what I'm saying
he's a phone is ringing from London yeah
we kept saying that not hello oh hi
what's your name you're welcome
they had the wrong number or the bigot
that was a wrong number or someone just
got scared I don't know which I'm about
to find out yeah combat but I am all
written down you're not even on the
screen the lay up son that's cuz she's
you Julie you're the list
oh my wait what'd you do on yeah I don't
know this we can't I don't think can you
say hi to Kylie and Sydney um hello
Kylie and Sydney thank you me the number
No Oh which dog do you like home
windle's well I like not all of them I'm
gonna say that's from jasmine
I like hey come on PG cheap energy cheap
energy yep okay
if you guys are gonna call you better
call soon as we are about how can they
call us tell them how they can call us
we release an email address on one of
our social medias and you follow the
directions in that post and we will pick
your number and possibly send you our
phone number to reach a song hey Annie
Camille KTR says hola hola what else we
got we're gonna announce our um Shirley
oh let's - already as soon as a CH to
the money gets a jerk well we can do
without we can get hy she wandered off
let's just do it now you wanna do it now
yeah Korea your home we are donating
$300 we are going $300 to you across the
Red Cross so in this in this video we
will we will put all their information
and how you can donate to the Red Cross
and check out what they do stop hanging
your foot goofy so I'm looking for some
more peeps
yeah answer some of those questions you
asked hi miss Katie you're really pretty
Oh notice notice the one she is doing
she chooses the red um it's getting your
very pretty
total fangirl um can you say hi to Katie
and Julia hi Katie and Julia Miriam's
cute life wonder who Miriam is then I
don't want to say hi to her I guess not
okay we might come to Albuquerque one
day so basically come to Albuquerque
that's one night so then girl 9 692 says
mary-kate's there so I was excited that
you're here Mary hey I've never opened
but you're sitting over there like all
anti-social like she's like she doesn't
look good she's actually the hot mess
today
Oh hot mess they love that shirt Annie
oh they make it look that like night ah
yes yes that was Ava Barrios okay we'll
wait a few more minutes for any more
calls how many I'm glad you said it
right that might be it that might be the
only ones we sent out
okay okay we'll say bye everyone bye bye
just like haha that was really really
fun maybe we can talk to some of you
guys tomorrow tomorrow so one more time
if you guys don't know how to get it the
number we will be posting it on we had
no idea you just have to be following
them to know um and down in the
description so yeah you nail us it's
gonna be a brand new email tomorrow
brand new email every day yeah you get
that email and you email us and then we
will give you the number
possibly so I'll only yeah buh-bye all
you vloggers are you walking I'm longing
I just got hit in the head well it's
like delayed kind of it's caught up a
lot bye
