time for me good morning myrtle beach
and the rest of the world clock in the
morning and miss Jill and I are awake
and we're getting some last-minute
things together before we wake these
little girls up to head home so I could
be a long day long long day we're gonna
coach Mary's gonna drive back with us
and I think Sydney's gonna drive back
with us that's gonna be sad to leave
this beautiful view but good to get home
and see the record my family's somebody
the way is it just the reindeer yep just
the brain beer alright we got them both
out of bed now so oh she's excited we're
gonna go down and eat some breakfast
before we get on the road I they might
let's try oh poor leg I don't know
reindeer hemp ah that's a cow they could
have a slight ammonia good there there
you go see little violence never hurt
anyone hey yourself yes cutie patootie
so there you go outfit complete are you
ready for this ready for some breakfast
a long long journey home sounds like
plan you just stole the tip and put it
back oh we're all loaded up got
everybody same crew on the way back oh
it didn't work oh man who's excited
about this me me me
I'll be exact the first two hours said
yeah cuz in roseville Kenley's and ajax
out there already talking about it
they're hard to talk about Kenley oh my
gosh oh my god we thought that we don't
have as much time on the way back
because last time we didn't have to get
back I mean we didn't have anywhere to
be I'm constricted a we've got you know
afternoon practice that we're tweeted
are we going to acting rockville coach
Mary's for sure going to afternoon
practice and you can I don't have a Leo
so we've got to figure that out
or then
you're tired
you could join the crew
really Jill Haley and fix
I thought they were gonna get a whole
day like Annie stuff is like a compact
falling look Katie's got our people
through the paper it's cute
much your school
we're gonna be stopping here in a second
liven them up again
and then maybe they can get some school
done
and then it's straight gymnastic I guess
I'm happened in a bad thing right the
wish school was done first
they are so sweet
we're back ready to cause a scene in
here again a little bit of a commotion
all right we've told the girls that they
can have 10 minutes in here so good luck
last time we spend an hour here yeah the
pro I'd say that our yeah yeah it is
cool all right time we started on your
mark watch for cars yes set go don't was
the door oh oh wait no I'm literally
stuck
oh you're unstuck you're good you're
good good go go go we did it oh ok hand
man oh great all around again seriously
you gotta be smack oh and we did good oh
good buckle up those seatbelts for my
phone sorry guys I couldn't blog in
there cuz we were on a time road
Oh
go google Cody don't date don't have
your camera out
ah can your baby get your own so they
got a cool picture on the way down
down and we sang the vicious take up
we're doing bubbles how to stay
entertained on a road trip you can find
out here
yeah in practice a little refresher
hello play the game we're gonna probably
shop at chick-fil-a some talent linking
it out we have stopped to fuel up and
coach mary has gotten herself a kids
meal and it's very excited about the
friend 7 it's a cow princes thank you
you can color that son yes yes holy bags
nigga puppet and I can make a puppet oh
that would be fun in car entertainment
and a puppet show yeah all right we're
in the home stretch you guys we got like
an hour left hour maybe an hour and a
half so we are done with school well I
am done with school and now i'm going to
gym you're excited see Bobby yeah uh-huh
Monday
how was your dance ok my basin good
would you learn give me one thing you
learned in school colors which coldly in
Spanish yo ho raha which is red
and Molly oh that's the yellow
water Blanca I don't know did you go
round brown pink what's your last name
huh is it really LeBlanc Blanco is white
hey Annie you get a new leo look if I
didn't think it through and didn't think
we'd be coming straight to gym hey
neither nothing all right so as you can
see that scare you we have made it home
yeah coach Mary gotta go coach you go
look great aaliyah I don't even have my
decision hey why didn't you clean up
your mess in there we're here now you
did not oh my goodness now I'm glad to
come out here and do all that push you
go pickle pickle Leo out operation by a
new Leo complete turn around let me see
cute cute cute got new Leo out of the
deal all right have a great practice I
will see you very soon see ya no
fighting we have a cancer o hare hare
you need hair tie I've got one under
there hurry up they've already started
you're welcome love you have fun by a
sneak peek of what's going on there
that's a nice living room fun fun she's
pumped she's getting all this energy out
one more round or another round i should
say i don't have any more they're gonna
do
and
yes yes my daughter is crazy and we
forgot and put the put the clothes in
the car already did i do I look like I
love me oh oh it's good you've been with
me all weekend all right so we've got
daddy's jacket we borrow daddy's jacket
because Annie's clothes are all in this
car we're gonna go grab something to eat
while Hayley finishes gymnastic I got to
see Hayley 45 seconds when she got here
for Jim all right well we made a pit
stop for them all because a nice phone
case I think I have your phone with me
Annie's phone case broke look at the
dirty little dirty that's what it's
suppose
oh my gosh we're definitely gonna grab
one of these
yes
find out bro
we'll forgive
all right you guys want to see what else
we picked because you got to its really
cute that's cute Joe's labret she wants
to keep that forever even though she got
a knack
no what do you think
the case on good alright now we're going
to stop shopping for us shopping Secret
Santa we can't tell you who it is so
wait we can play Sunday this video will
go up to wednesday after all right Annie
was a hood you get Mia Mia
so we're going to look for being a boxer
we give her my dreidels yeah me because
she was sick you look tired i bet i
retired here we're going home after we
get a li we're going live okay we can do
that
live tonight guys we're going to answer
one of your phone calls we're going to
answer one of your phone calls them a
little bit so we can't wait to talk to a
couple y'all's phone calls and then i'm
going to bed what for his eyes and
escalator
inside
yeah you can see straight through it
this is it scary that that's all that's
holding you up when you go on it as this
little bars
okay now you never want to go on one
again ok let's go this house club DJ
Annie
good DJ now did you jump tell what your
name was hey easy prodigy that's our DJ
nez prodigy
I say everybody come here look IM guess
and look how I'm dressed
she's dressed like it's winter and I'm
dressed like it summer super bright and
oh man there's art yeah but before I you
asleep
you're did you
I'm chilled holidays Christmas daddy's
very excited cuz he bathes us up I was a
great idea it's appreciation of all you
guys out there that watch and support us
and for us to give back to you guys and
people like the charities we're going to
donate to two people that are in need so
or two people that are sick I'm gonna
pick some charities charity kind of
exciting and the girls are together
again sisters together again we had the
welcoming committee welcome us home oh
baby think they kind of missed us hey
Hayley how's that gingerbread house uh
probably don't owe me nothing yeah took
me an hour to build this an hour and
five minutes to destroy it mm-hmm so
we're trying to go lie we're trying to
get a computer to restart it's not going
very well for us computers are not on
our side today but we're trying you guys
are trying we're gonna answer the phone
soon make sure doesn't okay inside now
ah powerful wait if for some reason the
phone calls overload the fall we're
about to turn it on the first time since
like a test run we learn as we go hold
on one second please hold on day one is
not gonna go as smoothly as all the
other day Oh
whoa here love you can read them I arm
are you ready oh I'm Instagram Instagram
officially bratayley super le7 press
handstand bratayley officially dad hey
Dad daily truth plus dare oh my gosh TV
the arrow faction and then we're gonna
go on to musically which is Preston
seven Super hailey dad tailee snapchats
this is that track wit a late-onset and
anna yacht leblanc facebook and twitter
is bratayley bratayley make sure you
follow you don't know where we're gonna
put that mixed number today's number is
on the line Stram a fish leopard taylor
look at the phone oh so he would just
Hamlin hick town it's all jammed up wait
what are we doing that his phone was
gone crazy I don't know if it's gonna
work I can't it'll work happy calling us
no it's not them they've been trying to
call since we released the number
tomorrow maybe we won't release the
number control until we're ready me
we're learning as we go
yep we're all watching mm-hmm busted
Piper sister shouldn't fight I tell
these sisters that sometimes too you
guys can blow alright guys so that it if
you weren't no don't make them both have
it if you guys weren't watching the live
stream then you don't know the sad news
but it didn't work the phone calls got
jammed we never could get it to go so we
didn't get to talk to any of you on the
phone we talked to a few of you online
we did our best so we donate or this
this today we're donating to the spca we
announced we announce that on yeah
that's our first charity so um the
question of the day should be what is
your favorite is the how much money oh
you don't if you can't I and they
wouldn't come out of like you get like
you had any charity oh yeah like no but
how much money would you do but if
somebody had ten dollars and they
donated eight of it that would be a lot
or if they donated a dollar any amount
even if it's a pity that you donate it
it doesn't matter how much which charity
which charity would you want to donate
to cuz I could help us decide I say then
why that we did today because it helps
horsies mm all right guys wait there's a
lot there's a lot there's children's
charities yeah people yeah my god yeah
yeah you're all right guys I am super
duper tired i'm sure annie is I'm sure
Hayley is we're gonna call it a day that
was fun anyway some things don't always
work out the way you plan them it's just
like one it is just something like that
daddy's quotes
oh no that's daddy thing I know it
doesn't make much sense Leah thought it
was Mary Kate I'm skating oh okay all
right guys you know what it is just
rewind if you don't know it bye guys
always remember to celebrate life hey
baybay thanks for watching bratayley
