good morning I am sorry by sleeping Ayla
you guys don't know who Eva is it an ex
that collects a little sister look at
Niels
oh they look so long my how the tables
have turned this morning oh she's
already awake did I scare you I thought
we're gonna have another human alarm
clock good morning
it's another beautiful day here in
Myrtle Beach the day has just begun we
were getting ready to go support Katie
at her first ever elite meet if I
compete you're competing for sure bars
may be for sure bars may be for sure bar
yeah this is gonna warm up Oh
see how my work with gotcha like you
know and then this little tiny
possibility of beam or no possibility of
beam I mean I thought so as I go maybe I
could but there's my tuck in there
especially back oh that will hurt to an
injury and I was like oh like would be a
good try but like I got kick I can't
bend farther than here that's right and
if it wasn't an elite meet we would be
your biggest cheers loudest cheers in
the stands but we're gonna be like more
like a goal inside inside so it's
completely different so Annie and I are
just gonna go walk you a nice it in this
elite meet out so maybe next time make
the time after that maybe the time after
that maybe never
who knows maybe next year one meet at a
time and that's that but we're gonna go
cheer you got you on and all the other
elites you're welcome we're gonna
support you guys and learn a little bit
about elite along the way
I love how breakfast this morning they
have squeezed them so
and a-one jer but there's plenty of
chairs for each of their little selves
cuz I want to sit together what are we
playing ladies block hexam
oh and he's finally awakened out of the
bed oh hey guys so right now I am here
at the party and I thought they'd ante
hi whoa her name's Annie so cool hey
he's so - hi I'm Annie you should see
I've got a SATCOM
bye-bye just like that breakfast is done
but yet there still got their heads
stuck technology now what are we playing
for yeah who's the President of the
United States oh oh really
oh they look they're moving again all
right we're adding Katie's final touches
to her hair this teamwork it was miss
Jill for the front washed it
and me for the back what'd you say Annie
hey Boston off my hair I mean I was
gonna put this in my hair but I just
washed it all right we're about to head
out down to watch our first group of
elites go peanut and Haley are like
competing like now so we're gonna finish
up here and go watch them and then Katie
goes on in a couple hours I go on like
of it you go on acting break a leg Katie
thank you said well you shouldn't say
that in domestics
kitty don't break a leg away from her
but it looks great Terry are kilise tear
your Achilles baby Oh terrible you're
ready all right Annie needs shoes and
socks done - done Annie's got a jacket -
they're twinsies she's gonna support
with a jacket on support I support that
sport yeah
this is Lexi and Hilux are you know and
that's Annie
I just ran across something anyways
hepatitis is leaky but I just wanted to
make a bunch all y'all yeah are you
scared what do you my service for well
what are you asset act for because I
thought they have doctor first my floor
and I am most nervous everything okay
excited
gotcha good nervous every excited now
gotcha
oh wait no I'm bars it says it's bars
cool
how you doing oh we're gonna move over
going to go down there so we can watch
beam Thank You mrs. Hill is it going to
make them nervous that we're getting
this close does it make you nervous
do you see that we move how you do you
see us okay we'll just make them nervous
is this okay
Annie's the expert I'm like is this okay
if we come sit over here yeah she said
it's fine
where they are they are warming up for
being you guys
and how are they feeling right now
although you've never done elite but how
are they feeling yeah okay yeah wipe
your face yeah oh so there are they
competing beam first no she just thinks
they're warming up
two things are competing for it but
these are good seats daddy just came to
get me from their house Alexis house and
I'm just gonna relax at home and I send
a lot today did you film myself
yeah we are watching the last payment
Enid already qualified
congratulations peanut said this passive
in northern Africa liver and our
first-timers are doing pretty well as
first time out the gates we're really
proud of them
Katie's about to compete her first event
provide bars so it qualifies those big
ole hugs for that
Oh
big ol supportive hugs
it's very dramatic Andy Andy's just
gonna dance it out dance it out it out
ladies I mean you worked really hard to
be a supporter for your friends so
blowing bubbles in your chocolate milk
is kind of a little tree I was just
trying to document how Annie gets
dressed I'm just trying to help you get
your shirt on put it up put it on girl
okay I'm gonna hold it off what you know
what you know what
get off would it also key word you hear
hmm I feel that could have been
musically what's sad that's what I think
of we're trying to get Annie to get
dressed we can go eat help I was helping
her and then all of a sudden tickled it
wasn't until you put the arm is wrong oh
yeah we're gonna go try to see the beach
and eat some dinner down there okay that
one
I was gonna be back here I'm lemon
there's some movie and Sydney and from
other people up there the other mothers
I got banished to the back gate in with
the third wheel though it's a fair deal
you are
why are you like cutting our heads off
don't feel it lifting it up there you go
like Belsen we're going to dinner on the
water
well we're ready to dance play doh - man
I'll be crooked look one in two hands
one two two men getting sick this
holding it want some waffle hi - Danny
don't some waffles I don't know what
waffle is but you can have some no I'm
really good thank you i wasa what's it
does it taste good what's up eating um
okay um yeah never heard a bustle but
I've heard of lighter weight loss along
me at our church because bizarre every
year thank you you're welcome we would
meet Wasel for huh it was busy
it smells like oh this is gonna be an
epic game of giant chess okay who
doesn't even know the rules of chess win
okay our till just say checkmate
checkmate every move you make
so turns out I like waffle who knew when
I'm playing chess with alright not chess
checkers there I think we could make one
up
oh so this is it uh is it my turn now
winning oh you got me good job
dinner's over and these munchkins are
back here more games more games at least
they're not their faces aren't shoved in
those shoved in this is a little better
all right look at all the doggies and
Hailey on the couch you have fun
relaxing and doing nothing you know got
school in the morning right you don't
have any homework you didn't do anything
to you you ready for your sister to be
home and your mommy
9:00 is not your favorite number no
you're not gonna push him up oh oh that
was just us now we're stopping at 10:00
for no reason we can push Alden all the
way up oh because she learned from elf
why that movie is not a goodness
all right guys I'm gonna let them do
this just this once because there's
three other elevators it's night there's
not that many floors so I'm sorry it was
railroaded I know huh even every promise
I promise you'll not do it again
hey you won't do it again we'll let you
do it to work fine I will only let you
do a few smart elevator let more people
get on in there on different floors good
question alright you guys what a great
weekend we got to go back to the room
and pack up
you're gonna take that with you for a
souvenir all right everybody's getting
pajamas on and packing their suitcases
up we need to pick out what all right
probably in your suitcase do that we got
to get this whole room packed up it's
really not that bad I guess not the
worst I've seen
Oh what the heck allow it really ripped
your Mickey's doobies me that's really
sad other side anything I think your
stuff's on the other side all right my
friends will be back when we were all
packed up and we'll do a quick question
of the day stay tuned Annie that's not
packing
my name is did you stay tuned oh oh yeah
because an intricate to this sound the
same and you want to keep doing that one
do it oh yes I need to keep yourself to
see that's like really touching good
stay tuned okay good I need you oh yes
yeah miss Katie dude I don't know if
that was pretty good so back in the day
when television first came on and they
only had like one two or three we wanted
to keep tuned to that page your station
like you did tune it dies they didn't
want you to change it change when they
went to commercials so stay tuned
because you don't want to
this Oh Hayley had a sleepover while
we're gone say hey the camera Hayley hey
we're just chatting with Hayley she got
her nails done
okay sisters on FaceTime yeah yeah
are you watching DIY this out me no hey
all right Hayley we just wanted to say
hi and we'll see you tomorrow okay
we love you mama
Katie says bye miss Jill says bye okay I
love you bye
so question the day what color eyes do
you have I remember doing the brown
before you do and we said we felt within
this one let's do it again every
question of the day is kind of like
Batman Brown let it focus brown brown
brown and blue miss Jill has blue this
is the oddball yes they're blue I was
like I don't know if they're black
little entertainment for your viewing
pleasure before we cut we won for you
second I need three assets like in
eating time a little Accra before we
sign off for the night don't forget to
calm down below we win the question of
the day is what are you high
bless you inez theses are the greatest
good night guys we'll see you tomorrow
everyone yes oh we have a long drive
tomorrow another road trip back home
dance number two
yeah
oh look like I do yeah
all right is that is that it can i oh
good oh gosh oh this is getting scary
feedings great put your feet up on the
bed okay and then arch okay any push up
with your arms one two three arch and
then pretty one cheap panties might suck
out legal stuff oh my gosh days be
really hard
well there's like no put a lot of weight
on me no say it say what say your line
don't forget we'll have it down below
always say that 100 and you're like oh
 oh alright but guys join us on a
road trip home tomorrow bye always
remember to celebrate life
database database thanks for watching
for tailee
