I thought we're gonna have one I'm do
who you thinks the most nervous got this
me havin my life yes you're alive yeah
wait wait a second it's gonna catch up
because it's a it's an app going to you
a program going to YouTube oh now yep oh
my okay Wow there there I'm hopefully
out my foot okay so my voice is kind of
raspy because I'm fantastic
you can't sit so yeah hey yeah if we set
you can I say darkness if we set you a
number
Oh seems like that mm-hm
can screen it hello who is this oh it's
Catherine it's Catherine hola Vigo well
I was gonna say it's nice to me but I
kind of haven't met you and I on the
phone hmmm looks like here Haley won't
talk to her
hey ask your questions guys also do you
have any questions for us that's Helen G
what how old are you say it again Oh
same same here so do you have any
questions for us sure everybody's here
the Hofstra so she just asked if because
our last names not pertain Lea where did
we come up with the name potato a good
question well I
we came up with that name because Haley
was going in her hair while training
terrible twos so um wrap one so brat
just just hey oiso Jeremy said um clap
and Haley so bratayley so yeah cute
right
Oh cute right and if week if we ever
knew that I was gonna get to that where
it is now we wouldn't have named it that
no no that's funny
mm any more questions so um other any
things that you would like us to shout
out to like your Instagram or musically
or anything YouTube okay so her
Instagram is angel for Taylor did I say
that right okay and she's almost to a
hundred um followers so go and do that
guys so it was really really nice
talking to you and hopefully one day I
get to meet you so bye
Oh boys we got day alright um to keep
calling it there okay you guys can keep
calling if you're on the list
oh my gosh my voice it's alright or I
know you're not feeling well what is up
dad you guys came over waiting try to
answer some of those questions there's a
moment sir oh we have to know another
already blows and we'll take another
caller will daddy it exists what was it
Amy okay hold on one sec okay caller
number two
hello my name's Amy so I heard that your
name's Amy
well my name's Annie it's nice to meet
you we'll talk to you and I'm gonna give
I'm gonna give this phone
I love you too I'm gonna give this
moment to Hailey and she's gonna we'll
have a little chat with you mm you can
ask her questions if you want to how old
are you hmm just go around then wait
wait hmm put the phone to your oh she
start keen Oh
I'm 12 mm shorty here ask her a question
for you do you have any questions what's
your favorite your mastics favorite do
nastic smooth roundoff back handspring
she said her favorite your baskets move
is around if I can't spray it is yours
really my favorite gymnastics move so
press handstand has come has to be what
it is no love or LA out step drop on
deep yeah so is there anything that
you'd like us to shout out on your
social medias do you have like an
Instagram or a musically or anything
publicly say it again okay so her
Instagram is only eighty dot Jocelyn did
I say that right he's my Johnson how do
you have you smell Jocelyn Jos llin so
go in follow that and do you have any
more questions it was nice to meet you
or talk to you okay bye lovie tail
awesome okay someone else questions
there and people can keep calling huh
can slow it down remember okay don't
click off it okay everybody's like
what's the number
well we'd love to give the number out
little Jam it up you can try again
tomorrow
keep checking all our social media yeah
can you give them an update let's do
that
tell them all right OSHA media is that
the same person oh okay
so we're going it to give you guys stuff
to follow so you guys can be updated on
where to even finish and where the phone
numbers beads and stuff like that Oh
already far so where I don't know your
level they don't you don't have to be
bored of my dad bad national hi Ashlyn
so I was about to ask you what your name
was that would have been the really dumb
question but how are you doing
so I'm gonna hand no actually do you
have any questions first let's do that
ah
definitely definitely yes we are
definitely going to go to Florida again
to do me all work my dad took probably
probably for playlist my dad said um so
do you have any social media stuff that
you'd like us to shout out like
Instagram or musically okay I'll be here
usernames I was just oh okay no her
musically is ABC one to know no one one
so ABC one one
Honore your dream so mm-hm
go and all that I study okay mmm wait
look I've gotta try this AJ's easy one
while unusually wait that's not it
yeah only one one yeah I bet that she
was born on November the 13th 2003 ah
ABC 1 1 1 3 0 3 so how is it yes uh so
how old are you right Molly she is gonna
do man
ok turn 13 on the 30th of November I was
her um cool golden birthday yeah golden
birth
ok well um it was nice talking to you um
hopefully I can see you in Florida hmm
bye thank you alright well that I do not
want you to explain that we are no email
addresses new even you know on there
that we're going to post a new end I'll
address on a different social media
tomorrow for them to email you say that
Anna and then Haley can read them well I
must explain how how this works if they
have a chance to talk to okay so if you
guys want a chance to talk to us you
guys kind of all don't have to but if
you are a be a lot of help because you
have no idea where we're gonna post this
stuff so you might want to be following
all of these accounts that Haley is
going to name every really another you
know the only reason what we are saying
this is because every day we release a
new slash another email address and your
honor would and do not know which social
one which one would count which I can
help social yeah so Haley's Haley Zuma
I'll say it say cash wants to look at
Instagram official officially for sale a
super nearly seven percent stands for
tally officially dad Taylor truth plus
dare oh my gosh TV the arrow fashion
that was a hard one musically handstand
7 super Haley dad Taylor no mommy
snapchat Forte Liam snap an e dot
LeBlanc mmm and Facebook and Twitter it
is just particularly and I think we can
put this in the description so that
everybody who knows like so the fillings
are there so if you guys like literally
just go on um we might have to like go
put that in the description because we
just announced where we're putting all
the email addresses and stuff so you can
be notified will utilize that subscribe
to but Haley so you know when we go live
and what you want I'm telling my
subscribers with me I'd also have to
subscribe to pre-k Li oh we have another
so no no you guys have to subscribe for
daily so you know when we're doing
another one so - so when I'd answer the
phone call and he's been handed oh oh oh
my gosh we'll do it like a random person
you guys are gonna be pros at this by
the end I know exactly what to say yes
good you know hold on what so you're
missing me miss her kind of okay hi Anna
did you know that we almost have the
same exact name hmm
and we're pretty cool hmm so how old are
you Anna oh wow I'm older than you in
that corner is really not out of div
questions for Hayley and I carry my
alien me thing so let's start so she
just asked what's like how why did we
start on YouTube like what started last
night
really it was me doing domestic and my
dad and was deployed in the military and
my family didn't really live close to us
so we decided to put it out on YouTube
and then they could see what I was doing
in gymnastics and everything and the
people started watching and then
Caleb wanted his own channel and
wanted her own channel and then Haley's
channel just kind of like poof Luke yeah
so yeah so um do you have any social
accounts that you would like us to shout
out do you have like an Instagram or
anything yeah what is it what's what's
your Instagram can you spell it
yeah okay okay so SW EE and Y and any
was SW anyone or meta there that one
with agile sense women to Sweeney
Anna is that what that is that right and
then Anna is a a and a na so yeah it was
really nice to talk to you yeah what's
your a little bit along so what's your
music hey hmm say it one more time okay
so it was really nice to talk to you um
yeah so do you wanna do a Haley just I
by you
okay here's how I groove not work by
date do your famous bye okay buddy
hmm okay one more oh one rule and then
will amount 15 minutes yeah when horn
will announce Oh
our charity a charity and the amount
that we're donating each day I know so
what oh yeah oh yeah I answer some
questions we'll see if another call
comes through so I think that some go
slow it down if you need K sit down give
them a shout out
hi Ali sauce mmm no that's it um what's
um what's your favorite gymnastics girl
you are you answer that but I guess we
could answer decanters guys what you're
good at and say oh not again oh okay
what's your favorite bar side skill um
Mon so can it be that I have minds Nova
can it if I had one sure make sure that
what that would be that would be a kid
or giant oh hey Lee get ready for that I
don't know school
so guys if we gave the number out to you
this is your last chance to call so
right now we're doing that like five
minutes and then we're gonna announce a
thing so let's go let's go
this worked better we didn't we only
gave a number out to few people we have
email tomorrow so I need the way to do
it you came a little bit get favored to
that um oh there's one oh yeah then I'll
beam is allow step out what about you
Haley
um be um court will floors is a whip
hands around if I can spring vault is
nothing I hate ball I hate ball I don't
I don't
Melissa hi Melissa
it's a little sperm so where are you
from Melissa
Oh Georgia
oh you're so lucky how old are you
Melissa from Georgia ten Wow I'm two
years older than you I get
Hailee's to you younger one the middle
wah-wah way to be born on that day so do
you have any questions for us what made
us start doing YouTube
so um fruitless question so my mom was
filming me doing gym on my dad is
deployed and I my family lived not
perfect close to us so we decided to
choose poses my videos on YouTube so
they could see how I was doing and then
people started watching and oh my gosh
that scared me
you just find me and then Caleb wanted
his baseball to be on YouTube so we put
it on YouTube and then Haley wanted her
um her big brattiness on YouTube - so we
got her a channel as just a joke and now
it's what it is it out what you watch so
um do you have any other questions
nothing
no no no more questions so do you have
any social media accounts that you want
us to shout out to like Instagram do you
have an Instagram yeah I can what's your
musically what is it
princess and tweet tweet so cute
princess and pleats
yeah like your princess but Oh princess
in please I get it okay
so guys go and follow princess and
increase so yeah is really nice talking
to you Melissa so have fun in Georgia
without me maybe we'll come one day for
a meet-and-greet
by gosh don't tip that to her we're back
and I'm going down with the educators ah
okay
so that was our last call for a son so
we are going to be announcing the
charity that we are donating Idol to
money okay what was this to the $200 so
$200 to the charity of Pablo Pablo
doesn't remember what they do say for
children living with cancer they try to
make their lives a little bit happier so
they work on yeah just come watch our
videos come on they're happy kept
perfect cuz I'm on there you can see my
beautiful face it's like when one woman
explain one more time how they can get a
chance to talk to us for tomorrow so if
you guys want a chance to talk to us
tomorrow then make sure you follow all
of the accounts listed below so you guys
be you guys have no idea which one we're
gonna announce it on yes I am
it then mmm-hmm we'll leave an email and
then they you know I then you got email
us will pick up you will pick a few and
we'll send you guys a number that you
guys can call only when we're live
because if you don't like what's the
point of that yeah just call moaning
when will I those fun and way I'm not
hey let me blog blogging along this
alright was that was much better
that was a lot Justin and our live
stream you guys but that was much
smoother you guys are gonna be pros
thank you 12 is a baby we can talk to
you tomorrow
yep we can't
