nothing connecting chat now what let's
chat
we wait till someone I look like lively
like house are watching here oh wait
I'll be on it says you know I but I
can't see myself I know I told you
there's gonna be at the lame-o
sighs don't worry oh very I marry away
so don't worry about the delay because
that's gonna get mad you see if anyone's
watching us that would pop up right now
no one's okay just you know this is the
chat area thanks people no one's
watching
oh this isn't gonna be a bust like when
we first went on lively at work pretty
quickly people were watching watch
people are probably watching and we're
just we don't know and it's just not
like updated you think bail if nothing
else we can talk to him in and we'll
record on here even if nobody sees alive
ah so I know everything Pez Hades yep
guys you're alive now the Internet can
totally see you now not so fast
but zero people oh it also says up here
oh people are there Wow daddy's got a
screen it hello oh one fail are you
kidding is that it went straight to
voicemail
what oh I'm so dominating pesos ones
like hi any I'm be like oh hi with PES
my mouth hmm Oh heart driver maybe we
got here again guys can start calling hi
do you want to close my thing no good a
I'm not give you guys okay you can get
down now thanks
okay bye-bye hey oh oh oh I'm bored but
hold on guys we're good we got 7%
hi I love you too numbers not working oh
oh please
always find I'll return in a second yeah
nothing to do
we're probably shutting it down okay why
don't you guys talk about something okay
let's talk about what we did to that
wife well how are you fighting my you
know what I was in a seven hour car ride
oh and I got here and then I went
straight to jail I actually got a new
wheel oh god I'm in the whole blog way
give the whole blog way right well
they've already watched it oh it's right
here on this camera oh yeah I know what
the problem is people been calling since
I announced it so now it's giving me all
the missed calls okay we go through
those first all right we'll take a call
soon oh that's fine I mean I am yeah so
do the dark that's just under oh there's
no chats I can't answer anything
listen we can go through all of our
social media so that everybody can know
what accounts to follow so that tomorrow
they can get the number two so who knows
start naming some of our um accounts
okay okay okay wait wait
remember the pants again we'll start
with Instagram uh oh look it's on my
phone if you want to read them Johnny
I'll just I'll just read them so make
sure you follow them all oh just
I'm hold on one second please hold on
day one is not gonna go as smoothly as
we don't know all the other day
oh yeah Logan unreal are you hmm
are you ready Oh
Instagram Instagram officially bratayley
super Haley 7 press handstands bratayley
officially dad
Haley truth P plus dare oh my gosh TV
the arrow faction and then we're gonna
go to musically which is pres handsome 7
super Haley dad Haley snapchats mrs. F
chat Forte Leon Sam and Anna Dyatlov
Facebook and Twitter is bratayley
verhaalen make sure you follow all of
them you don't know where we're gonna
put that next number today's number is
on that loves trim a fish left a look at
the phone oh so hey what just hit
one it counted all jammed up wait wait
what are we doing that his phone with
our own cranium lot I don't know if it's
gonna work I can't it'll work it what
happens stop calling us no is not them
they've been trying to call since we
release the number tomorrow maybe we
won't release the number control oh
we're ready man
we're learning as we go ooh okay what
should we talk about mm-hmm cuz people
are getting bored of this talk about
talk about why don't you go on the
announcement ah see if there was
anything to blast in there okay
like where daddy says here okay yeah I
respond to those comments where is the
number it's not working
well the numbers are turn somewhere
somewhere um oh they're live right now
yes that's true what is Haley's little
name no L know if I'm calling but it's
not working I'm sorry about that guys
love you too
I come in oh we can't do that
hi can you say a lot hi hi can you say
hi on your live stream now hi wait like
they're like there hi hi I didn't vote
okay we got lots of bigger out here yeah
because we can't apparently the chats
not working on there either I tried but
I can't work guys okay he should want at
a time that would be all that them all
of them would say they were the one I
was the first one to get back no I okay
that's the problem
my dog the voicemails coming there
obviously don't forget comfortable oh my
god I'm so mixed up okay Phil done I'm
gonna go see if I can get the chat to
her okay you do that you guys go how
about we and will you um put your little
thingy and your whatever it's called
your thumbprint in here from yeah sure
we'll sure what okay sup show what okay
we're gonna be answering some comments
on the latest well whose whose is the
phone
so you're the latest official irritated
I got over daily live now notification
when I find are going yeah I am yeah it
is
are you sick and so if you guys want to
like go and call bit on that I'll be
like whoa there's not even a comment
always on here what is your favorite
gymnastic skills mixer
oh the chats are going crazy over here
oh they are doing um um safe why can't
we see them I don't know what I can see
you know they're going crazy they're
going super fast you guys I can't see
this thanks for watching
you move it around we're gonna be pros
by the end of the end well they want us
to hide tries um really trying to figure
listen guys we're waiting for in case
you just tuned in we're waiting for the
phone to catch up on voicemails before
it we can take a call again and I would
be able to go out the number on the way
to the last possible second are those
are all voicemails those schools Oh
missed call please say hi to me I did
what is your favorite holiday song right
now
oh if um jingle balls or when me
Wonderland slide is which I will go
wrong
or all I want for Christmas mmm-hmm and
then yeah okay you guys read the chat
over there it's going really fast but
your mother says hi yeah uh-huh there we
go here we go oh oh oh' ring immediately
um hi Georgia hi q here's a kind of
scroll down I love you do what's your
holiday tradition we turn that's when I
saw cheesenut over huh why do I say that
good trying to raise you one oh it's
okay okay uh yeah real calm down what it
was a lotta ways dude it's your birthday
hi hi hi oh my gosh what's your favorite
food at all um I feel exact are you
macaroni steak oh yeah
okay how many don't you have that's what
I saw Oh how many dogs do we have well
we have 18 but some of them are
imaginary and the real ones I think we
have five but my favorite one B of three
so we use three no kidding guys will hit
through dogs till it's all good don't
think I'm crazy please please
I am crazy she's crazy well maybe
they're going so fast okay I'm stopping
oh um I love you Tina
yeah talk to some people's names like
Victoria Rodriguez hmm Emily G 2006 oh
uh what's your snapchat name oh I'm not
good at then what's your favorite what
Yasmine Brea race as I love you guys all
of you do you're just joining us our
phone is jammed yeah it's all jammed up
guys not to think of a new idea guys
because this is it Morgan to me people
are calling it's really sad but we're
talking to you right now we're gonna
talk to as many people hey jessalyn
Linden
you got a shout-out because you asked
for one oh my god hmm what's your
favorite current song mallow yeah I saw
that one twice no we okay it's got a bad
idea hi doo-dah doo-dah simply Hannah
what will you name your horse some boy
Hannah well I am the Oh idea but let's
start to think of some Oh any suggestion
oh be chosen yeah hole will be out what
I should say my voice hey hey you got to
be on you I know which way is it going
to be on it does I think it is backwards
you're gonna guess this way yeah yeah I
think it's try that Annie Michelle hey I
love you guys so much anyway show me
Michelle snazzy
ha man after my voice different also
hopeful comment Quincy and I get a shout
out any questions are not questions
Haley what would you name your belly
you're going your bloody face you're
Wesley's okay um first be so foolish so
we have no idea what we're doing
yeah I love you too so right now we're
live if you didn't notice cuz you're
watching it and we're actually saying it
literally what you're hearing right now
like literally right now a little crazy
yeah brookey see she has a horse her
name is Gigi ah that's not a horse named
that's a dog named it could be a horse
named and a grandma game Bailey's
Stewart says hello
alright this piece of hair oh there we
go huh that really calls oh oh my gosh I
wonder if they're currently coming there
and they get a little and you can't
answer one yeah that's with investment
policy way to learn look at this you'll
put a body do what this Oh Yoko it's
gone oh go wait can you hold that
oh ha ha ha you love us Yoko Hey look oh
you can go and won't ring is that really
local yokel you you want to be a local
oh I'm so no I'm so glad Yoga is a
mangie
Evelyn data from hi from Seattle I wish
Joelle Smith hello hi hey okay
we really we really have to find out
picture you got something to do we will
we'll think of it over it well we'll
stay on here for a few more skew men any
and well daddy and I will put our heads
together ahead ink of another plan we're
still gonna give money to a charity
today don't worry you think of a charity
okay let's let's pick from the list of
charities and keep this going a little
bit I've gotta sneeze okay so cutie pie
says asks to say hi to Vanessa oh um hi
Vanessa
what color horse are you getting um
hopefully I hope I hope that I get a
paid horse hmm explain what a Paint
Horse I think so I hate horse is a white
horse that has black or brown spots
mm-hmm not a cow spot so it kind of like
hell spots but like more like you can't
actually see all the like it's not a lot
of light yeah they're so pretty though I
want one so bad
hmm I don't need another one
hey Chloe Coon asks can i have a shout
out sure sure sure
shall we what would mmm cute hmm Chloe
curious I can't mess that up
okay what favorite food who has Fat Joe
Elmore did that I'm sorry but and I said
steak it's Joey
it's a macaroni and cheese if you think
about it you know how you can dye your
hair with kool-aid uh-huh what does that
do to the inside of you yeah exactly
right is like nothing it just is
delicious mm-hmm all right so right now
I wrote in my head
PES is delicious it rots your teeth okay
I'll her ate a sucker and even candy
I'm well we're doing really another
thing I really like no go from what the
heck she just broke her candy game what
do you want for christmas asked just Jen
anyway what do I want for it Oh tease oh
we get for Christmas mmm where's little
Christmas boy oh there's this go into
them soon see mrs. Wilusz okay yeah okay
Oh shucks mmm number one I'm a Christmas
list I really want another one of my
kale Sami necklaces because I lost mine
I want a new one for Christmas okay and
this one is like not what I really want
but maybe an idea is possibly think on
it see mm-hmm and oh I guess where you
get sick stuff every month of home okay
so this time a lot for our underneath
arts and crafts has a lot of stuff under
the eyes dad no you do not have to give
you everything I was on this but I put a
check by it it means I want it more than
others so I'm gonna be naming a lot of
stuff but this is just like ideas of
what I want more and just like maybe
just other times Adam um anyways so be
ready it's like 50 things it's not not
50 no I heard her hot glue gun Oh God
and the sticks because you know like I
don't know if they know it doesn't have
to get the sexy never know felt any
colors a mason jar like mason jars to
like paint
um paint paintbrushes so I already have
paint paintbrushes but someone over here
uses them huh
okay so the reason why I want pictures
ma'am you can make a whiteboard off
another whiteboard I got a idea so I
want that all googly-eyed because I move
okay because I know what like pom-poms
to decorate stuff construction paper
yeah some kind of
I literally said some kind of wood by
using some washi tape slash duct tape um
ribbon glitter colored pencil dry erase
markers for the you know um your
anything nice
okay so your pipe cleaner candle at okay
are yes yarn Haley what is your you need
yard in your life anyway
I also but this is like something that
I've least want ever
but just to put it on there you like you
never know like it could happen
I said why Dazzler good you would never
get that end of world of getting that
cut love it up anyway why are you well
hmm that was kind of gonna be
embarrassing but I want a hot glue gun
and felt in mason jars solid copy room
yes no good I just wanted to be kind of
embarrassing
why because I only had three things and
you had like all of this room oh that
hurt really bad probably move it back
for them hi how do you sizzle to eleven
days of Christmas on the Lovins burn
your bridges yeah
no we're just real it better um we will
plan it um well Whitney will put Oh
perfect it will go super smoothly the
who likes to see Gigi a ghost perfect
smooth liar
Tommy hmm plan guys all right you guys
you want to announce of charity yeah
okay what it a list
mmm well I picked from the list I mean
you're gonna like it
mmm-hmm can we have to knocking mmm
I can dig No
what are you doing we're gonna down the
guests daddy doctor get out
it got so just got junk like my hair
okay you know that we're really boring
we really are there's nothing to do ah
so we're just gonna sit here and we're
going to talk to look the charity yeah
nothing
oh okay it just it until further notice
so yeah so okay okay so well so well
hmm sorry guys we're over there in the
background background trying to figure
this out well background the background
the background that could be a song okay
 like now sticking here did you just
wipe that on me no you gave me home just
to wipe that on me all right I see how
it is Haley Oh mom don't get that ugly
okay no no no I'm glad you're feelin it
it's really sing something I was gonna
do okay not again jingle jingle bell
Jingle Bell Rock no I can't
noon it mm-hmm ready and Haley
um Jingle Bell Rock take one action you
know I know I actually know nothing I
got it is like for real hey Haley Jingle
Bell Rock
see anyone take 1 action care no no no I
did that wrong uh-huh Haley Haley sleep
quiet
Haley singing jingle bell rock tit scene
one take one
camera rolling sound jet action hmm and
they all stare at you really awkward you
never really know I'm supposed to talk
about that okay good you're out up in
the background so that's all I drink of
a rock what I window so I went out my
room
are you sneaking out cuz she doesn't
want to thinking about ride apparently
oh my god Haley's singing gigolo rap
scene one take two
camera rolling sound check action you go
back rock thank you thank you
 everyone much okay
like think about a much longer run or oh
my gosh shall I get a drink can reset
doing musically my hair does I don't
care what your face daddy where's my
knee wait nope I know it is hopefully
she gets a hold on huh
Haley takes the center stage I save you
guys don't worry
what mmm don't sit on me you can't you
guys are gonna be left with the goofy
Annie with her castle probably to say
she's a cat lady janitor but
Thomas what livestream just make one you
make one musical it hits her like an
hour to make I shouldn't change I go oh
cheese you call our people
yeah that was me announcing let's go
okay um oh wait now shoot first oh my
gosh what am i doing mmmmmm so see if
the Jingle Bell Rock is on here iPhone
froze come on yeah it's like my case
well just got it it's a cat oh it's
frozen couple click it included oh I
think I got it look it up this is give
an update while you're doing that about
what's going on with a phone call
so our phone kind of got jammed because
too many people oh geez cause too many
people were calling us it's a good thing
yeah but then you can't answer any of it
because the phone was like ringing it
was like we're still working but all
ringing in this call daddy saying it's
not gonna work
what's up and a phone is still
going Craig Craig so Shawn so Anna's
gonna make a musically if I give my
moveable Rockdale can y'all do we're
gonna announce the charity and then
we've got to wrap up and get to bed my
friends stay tuned for a little longer
and we'll figure out a better way to do
this
- go come on
right I did how do you anyone
Oh videos - solji's okay
oh wait I got it there we go there we go
I'm riding are you gonna be hard
I'll try two more times
okay Bubba so it's not later
my turn one time but that was fun
okay so are we announcing the charity
hmm so are we announcing the charity Hey
so that's how I make a musically but
normally I take so many more tries cuz
yeah that's just yeah
something so yeah I'm looking at common
so Todd is my musically I haven't posted
it yet though we've had fun on this
lively right I think so lively damn take
lightly
did you privatize that musically yeah I
did are you gonna post it I thank you
row it to them for you to post-op but I
only took twice and the first time I
messed up you want to see it oh I have a
hundred and six privates who thank you
to post it so Hayley went you know to
the restroom so as soon as she comes out
one ounce the chair it said you guys
know food is gonna do you know who's
gonna well do you know your I was gonna
um do you know the charity mommy do you
know the charity yep
do I know charity good frozen no we're
not person
I'm just not moving it's frozen no look
I'm moving
oh are you doing max Phil yes all right
like what alright guys so I guess we're
gonna go ahead and announce the charity
here Haley
so we'll be donating we're gonna start
with $100 each okay I think thinking
that you know what is probably so it's
pretty it's for the SPCA so that's the
charity we're gonna donate to I haven't
much money $100 oh hey so tell everybody
bye sorry we couldn't make this work I'm
gonna try to make a work in the future
sorry we're gonna try to make it better
oh that was fun I was fun alright say
bye everybody
yeah
