I'm just gonna I'm like we're just gonna
kind of break in good morning my she's
awake right she didn't go back to sleep
when I love it okay so I went down I got
you guys some breakfast you can share it
guys
Salt Lake City we had a beautiful
morning yep that sun is shining brightly
it's yep it's concert day um we got a
concert well not we
Annie has her last stop on the Jacob
tour but don't worry we're still going
to some more cities for rock your hair
fling down the bio for some reason I
almost said buy you buy oh I said it
right bio link down in the description
it's not really a bio on youtube down
below
no no I got it for you both to share to
split you don't like blueberries Kiwi it
was a weird conversation so we literally
all just woke up I went down and to get
some breakfast for them I just got back
up in the muffins you mean well then eat
some cinnamon roll I got it for you guys
all to share yeah they didn't have very
much so I just had to get whatever they
had
I got also some drinks so we're gonna
get our day started we're gonna shower
we have a surprise couple few guests
coming they've been on our videos before
I know you guys know who they are they
are they allowed to be on the video I'll
have to ask them you know some people
don't want to be on the video so I'm
gonna have to ask before they come but
even if they don't want to be in the
video will tell you who it is cuz we're
so excited it's been a while you don't
even know no I told you yesterday when
you couldn't decide if you wanted to
come yesterday Haley had a mini just a
mini breakdown about whether she wanted
to stay with Daddy we already had our
plane ticket to come with us but then
she started thinking that she just
wanted to maybe stay in LA with Daddy
for the day
because then she could have a day off
instead of coming here oh and I was like
I told her that someone special was
coming and that that might help her
decision to come with us so it did cuz
here she is
alright so we got to get this day
started eating cinnamon rolls showering
and then literally the venue is yes I've
got a water literally the venue no one
saw it Annie it's fine
the venue's like literally right right
across the street over there yeah pretty
sure
so according to my map all right you
ready Annie you ready to rock salt lake
city with York it's doing really well
everybody's really liking it it's pretty
high on the chart if you haven't
downloaded that or heard about it yet
which you probably heard have because
we've talked about it so much but if you
haven't I'm sure there's a link click
the little eye or whatever it is right
here
right here it's about right there click
that give it a listen
comment down below what you think all
right enough of this and half ready
pairs done
Annie's makeup is done we are they are
just not dressed yet because we don't
want to get dressed in our outfit yet
we're gonna go find something to eat I
don't know what and I don't know where
but we are going to go I'm starving it's
lunchtime we don't even know if the bus
is here yet I think it's gonna be way
too cold I don't think we're dressed
appropriately but that's okay when we
get back to the hotel we're gonna change
clothes and then go over to the venue
that's the plan guys so it's pretty
chilly outside
it's so cute pretty tired because I was
running that's where I'm going
even though we ate there at the
restaurant they'll say you are here you
are here that's not there um do we just
find yourself here by Annie there was a
sewer clearly so I'm looking for
Californians the kitchen because I saw
that on my map I was gonna look seas or
something closer because it's a little
chilly out here just a little it's not
like extremely cold it in your lightness
you get on what no I will bling you guys
off all right
I thought you were cold remember that no
it's really not fun no one else on yeah
go go away cuz y'all probably weigh
about the same
all right that's pure July on her face
right there all right let's continue I'm
starving I haven't eaten anything I'm
gonna drag them out of here just
complete I paid the bill and these two
are out on the swings enjoying the Salt
Lake City weather its kind of warmed up
a little bit I guess it's warm enough
for them to enjoy the swings what
happened
what's this sign say
probably four not four children probably
not for children over the age of 12 all
right it's cold it warmed up for a
second when I first walked out I was
like oh I think it's warmer I changed my
mind it's not let's go our special
guests are probably to be here soon
all right come on
all right let's see who can listen first
Haley wasn't prepared for that
all right let's walk quick oh I just
stepped in a hole
that's crazy
right now and yeah that's pretty much it
we snuck out going to eat it's gonna be
great and yeah pretty much it all I
wanted to do is push the stroller oh
your baby is missing yeah let me pull
the stroller over I got you you want to
push the stroller be free push this real
stroller
all right we're going we're going for
round two cuz you guys Valentine's Day
Weaver illa we realize it's Valentine's
Day and nothing is everything's booked
so we're gonna try to eat here before
the show hey are you ready
we've been blog failures today I feel
can you do something entertaining hmm
get off snapchat Instagram all right
more likely Karen they're bad but but
she's next right now
soon as mr. Jimmy plays the song
Jimmy the show is over and we're about
to go back to the bus for a few minutes
she's a star Haley's been entertaining
her hey Scotty this is coffee ain't we
baby she's like okay
they've been entertaining each other all
evening we had her bed her smiling and
dancing
Haley saying our good-byes apparently a
real hug Wow I hate goodbyes
okay so anytime the bus it's a seal
later we haven't seen them MS Kim told
me it's been 10 months since we won
since Sheila every she moved away and
we've been gone a lot and like so now we
got to see them and I was so happy and
that baby is so precious here we got to
go this way to get on the bus now we're
heading back onto the bus the beautiful
eye she does like her daddy
not that miss Kim has bad eyes but so if
you guys don't know who miss Kim was
that was Annie's former gymnastics coach
back at home and she moved away and
we've been gone and okay we got a we're
gonna move some barricades okay so we're
just gonna I'm Mike we're just gonna
kind of break in
we've got badges we've got credentials
here
this idea okay
Aryan what did you know no what are you
doing
I'm sorry dizzy dancing
oh okay we're on the bus I have to go
back to the hotel see JD in the
background you know his ex eating over
there no no no okay stay I got out of
the blonde sandwich yeah what's up
everybody
I stole it again I don't know when I'm
gonna see any again but thank you for
coming onto where it's been lit Haley
what do you have to say all right bye
guys okay we are back in the hotel I
tell me how you feel Haley I need
chocolate and even better with all her
chocolates and Haley just wants a
chocolate Haley got you chocolate listen
wait we got you your where's your
Valentine stuff that we got you you got
Valentines we gave you so you're moving
on to Annie's Annie with all her talk I
didn't eat one and then you threw it
away
so I mean I guess I get like all right
well it was a good day here in Salt Lake
City
Haley you got to ask maybe later shared
you know you can share
so what happened today we had a show we
saw miss Kim and mr. Dan and little
Scottie oh my gosh she is adorable
we saw Hayden and mr. Jimmy I miss tisha
I'm nicknaming everybody in Zach and
Jacob and all Jacob's team and it was
Valentine's Day
what Annie's got all her a Valentine's
gift surrounding her and it's driving
Hayley nuts why we had a photo shoot
they're so good yeah but you see the
right dot on it that's why I turned it
off you have chocolates that's your you
don't get to move on I'll show a
question today who's your Valentine and
you better say me my Valentines daddy he
didn't I'm sure he did I just don't have
it yet if I'm in a hotel I'm not
expecting anything I'm just saying
remember last time when yous deployed
and they got you like that bamboo
flowers yeah I had that for a long time
bamboos hard to kill to kill - all right
guys yeah it was a good day on to monkey
god Aidan yes I was so fresh and just
monkey bait they got each other a monkey
the necklace was around the monkey
that's okay okay anyways we are gonna go
to bed and we have a flight tomorrow
that takes us to Atlanta for rock your
hair so you guys need to stay tuned for
that coming down below who your
Valentine what it was yeah it was
because it's after Valentine's Day
obviously it can be a friend it can be a
like a galantine it can be a bro like
you know you know what I mean
alright guys see you tomorrow Travel
blog coming out you to celebrate
thanks for watching
Britt Haley
