time for me well my hair was in braids
and now it's curly but it's like so
bumpy up here from off gondola my girl
not home when we get to Hayley school
and the reason why we are going to
Hayley school is because she is um doing
a play not just her like she's in a play
and theater clubs out what it's called
yeah Theatre Club and we're going to
watch it for a little bit and
after we watch a little bit of that we
got to go straight to Jim and then I am
a few hours like four hours of Jim and
then we're gonna drive up to now down to
why don't we are you nervous
for tomorrow
first love 90
get everything you need
we've at least done every level 9 skill
that you'll need at least a couple times
in practice Oh
I think oh and lots of bonuses oh I'm
gonna learn a lot about level nine this
weekend I feel weight you know that like
tell me if I'm right all your level not
all four events for level nine for
everyone starts doesn't no one starts
with the ten correct
don't everybody start like at a nine
eight I have no question where I had no
clue and then bonus overs the only I
don't know like it was hot time question
not taking questions right now
alright it'll be a long day buckle up
everybody we have like a how long we
drive in 20 hours getting a long way
though
something like that right Philip getting
it on that like I'll try damn it Haley
school but I don't know I think I'm more
nervous to the drive cuz I'll be so
cranky how's it going to be in a school
oh no it doesn't feel like it I'm gonna
go take her to her class yeah yeah all
right so we're here at school and it's
few minutes before it supposed pretty
nervous for her know things go too great
a few lines she said what she really has
nothing she just didn't tell me she's
gonna she's going down the hall I saw
someone else says two musically so but
she's gonna forget like not her lines
like forget the chance to actually talk
with she's gonna get there by the walk
that was gonna say what for have you
like
ah she did so good
now she did Annie and I were super
impressed I was afraid she was gonna
Annie we are talking late let's have a
come on yeah no I just want to say she
did good okay bye Annie made me run to
the car okay Cole we were warming up
okay all right all right we left all
right on time I think what do you think
what do you think how'd you do
she did really good really well she had
a solo align a song in a few line
goodness sad not to see daddy or for
like today to day you saw him today and
you'll see you Monday you keep doing
this wrong bad for me I wanted dee-dum
dee-dum what I got Katie okay we're
leaving
they're really excited we're bringing
them subway you match my mom I know okay
just say because we can't city man video
man got the blue Sheena
that was not on her baby and there's a
kind of alright my toys we wanted to be
you know here individual sure yeah you
go oh nice alright alright where are
y'all practicing huh oh maybe yeah love
you hello guys so right now just not
home just got in the car
school break and why we were at school
we have a thing where we get to shop for
other people and I shop for Annie with
Christmas and I got her hmm these little
flowers with a rock and napkins because
we even have anything that also wrapped
them there were like little plastic
flowers fake flowers um and then we only
can buy like two things away and then I
got bubbles well oh boo boo can you say
bubbles no bubbles like really mad mad
um voice bubbles oh and guess what I got
into cross-stitching
which is your new club okay cool so
what's the play - May the finish of your
old club yeah um how did you think that
went pretty good excited about it yeah
about your parts that you go uh-huh
hmm what was your favorite part I liked
when Wendy came in um she was like you
said that the night before and the night
before double dinner right
like that was not in the play he
literally just no right now could marry
getting in the back because she's a very
nice kitchen she's gonna let the three
girls Tommy sit in the front next to
each other okay okay it's freezing
outside so rolling okay so we're getting
subway well guys everyone get
comfortable we're gonna be in there for
a while okay we're all ready to go
laughing because my feet here we got
everybody mark the time oh you guys
ready for subway everybody's buckled
yeah me know which man no subway till
you buckle
road-tripping is never complete without
car songs so we're trying to teach him
the 50 states that rhyme and play 83
nine and Katie's not participating
you're not learning about geography
what if your teacher says will you stand
up enlisted wait how's it going when I
was young I studied us geography the
teacher would said would you stand up
and list the States for me my knees
began and knocking my world spell out
all wrong and suddenly I first out with
a silly little phone Alabama and Alaska
zona Arkansas California Colorado and
Connecticut and more Delaware Florida
Georgia Hawaii Idaho the beginning all
right I always forget what's the second
one Alabama
yeah and Alaska and Alaska Arizona
Arkansas California Colorado and
Connecticut and Mark Delaware Florida
Georgia Hawaii Idaho ok are we stopping
yeah first up filling up the tank the
gas tank that is a little lemony need
something that I hear anything no
backyard oh yes I'm gonna get Annie's
hot spots as you can do school it's only
been 2 I get an hour and 20 minutes
definitely we've been in the car for
going on two and a half hours so it's
now school time luckily Little Feat busy
you're so cool you guys all cozy okay
good got to school
and my guys can be in the three letter
camping homeboy they probably know it
they're just procrastinating at you're
right
do you guys know what you just
procrastinating so you don't do your
schoolwork they're good actors they are
that little school going a little 50
states where I'm still going maybe I
said some words Danny probably does in
her blue little binder I saw two pencils
in there very recently if it's hard part
again and I do there's two in here okay
and if not we have more your mom's up
all right it's going well you guys two
and a half hours in have it and leave
that I mean when one sense it feels like
only two and a half hours and the other
I'm like oh wait yeah we got some time
yeah we're not even halfway we really
been get out on pit stop no stop number
one Oh Kayla beer okay yeah huh gonna
find my shoes someone I see I see them
overhearing so we got school this
hey I said how you doing over there said
how's that movie going good good good
farm I give it a 10 I may wait till she
gets back with the keys what am I gonna
eat I want one of these one of these I
want one of these I want I want one of
these I definitely want what I mean yeah
yeah so guys this is a great last door
I'm definitely getting one laughs oh
yeah look at them they're still
discussing the 50 states it's gonna be
on the theme of our roadtrip what are
you gonna get
we got a load up on it absolutely these
this will be good for my biggest loser
right definitely definitely I'm just
kidding I'm putting that back I like
what section we're in yeah yeah some
fresh strawberries and some fresh
veggies along with peas won't that make
my friend 30g that could yeah I mean
that's not a bad thing to have right now
I'm talking to said I'm switching over
yeah that's a good choice I got my
coffee
good energetic in the car that's perfect
that wasn't healthy a healthy smoothie
yes guys we are still in the car how
much longer we have three hours of 13 I
shall we were like an hour away I throw
your two hours away
hold on Matthew another day of school
that's why I was like okay I'm finished
let's do this so we're about to watch a
movie Mia said Katy is still working on
some school you can do it deep and heavy
bloody procedure can be gonna watch is
gonna be fun
make sure your webinar
nice okay looks like said spare down
second homo handsome are you getting
nervous
Oh
as predicted guys she fell asleep miss
Jill has introduced us to Kinley 95
we're thinking we're gonna need a
handstand picture she's like got really
giddy and pulled out always gonna get
the slippers dare cuz it really good
okay challenging I challenged everybody
to see who can find the weirdest
most interesting thing that you would
find at a truck stop they're not
normally find at a gas station so here
we go you don't have to buy it you just
have to pause one of the right now
we're about to find your view just being
ever perfect I mean you can't find this
at most gas stations restaurants
everywhere not a gaseous I'm saying
that's pretty cool it's really cute I
got it I got it we'll do it together
toilet paper camo toilet paper
um feast your eyes on this Oh toilet
paper I mean for real look at this
outfit you know did you get up some of
your pop-up scary you know
best panty just looks like you're crazy
love your shirt always one of those
light things
where's it coming from
you can tell anything oh look at the
penguin yeah I don't know I don't know
them that's good exercise you gotta be
sore oh and their horses it's it's good
out of cookies editorial coral whether
it's bigger orange coral would be orange
e coral yeah I'm orange e down there
into coral down there sighs Nick what
size are they what side are they cuz
Billy we're 213 oh my god theirs are
bigger than a 13 those are he's our a
where's a 13 Billy 5,000 Wow really
15:15 like a gel and challenging
it has closed like a turtle sure we are
going to grab some food and get back on
the road
good morning sunshine we're here good
morning some of you guys didn't sleep
hey most of you just Annie and coach
Mary and miss Jill slept a little bit
but she just dozed off once or twice
this cold is gonna wake you up
get your stuff together though so we can
get out we're heading to our hotel
surely I'm fine
we're like the last ones literally one
of the last ones our people are gonna be
like oh who did we get put next to okay
my gosh oh my gosh just go open the door
boutique then you see these two beds you
see that night dad
you see our gorgeous view as we walk out
kind of coffee thing can you see all of
this decimate I don't know waters we're
not even sitting at a desk then you see
this bathroom and it's a big bathroom so
yeah a sink mirror high mirror okay so
this is Rob zipping over this is a rifle
thing and that's gonna be really good
because I'm gonna go by okay okay
question of the day question of the day
session I don't have one whoa-hey ever
pretty good view yeah we got a pretty
good beer we do have a nice view hey I
think that's the water with road trip
around the country road trip around the
country Oh what else or fly fly fly
around the world road trip around the
country or fly on the world that's I
think I'd rather fire in the world
yes to know
yeah do you had to drive with Miss Jill
know if she did wonderful shouldn't have
me drive one is not policy and doing a
fall asleep depends if I'm driving in a
limo or flying in like first class
because I like to write the second class
wherever that second Oh cuz like I don't
know like drive into regular old car for
so alright so you want to be my yellow
plane right you want to be like fancy
okay for that plan it's come down below
zero what is go trip around the country
or fly on the world that see you
tomorrow it's meet day oh my gosh
always remember to celebrate life babe
thanks for watching
Vitaliy
