time for metalli
o people bucks people always remember to
celebrate life kiddin I'm going
horseback riding yes I'm not I'm gonna
walk
you're not gonna sit this time okay so
could be fun how long's it been since
you've been horseback riding like a year
no I'm kidding it's like been a month
I think it's only been like three weeks
no it's been a buck venom on smaller
Oh Randy no wait how did you it uh yeah
thirteen with a boy with a boys cry yeah
I can do it pretty well
ah are you being Caleb mom you don't
know minecraft for like five minutes
nobody would say everyday even though he
was Annika like five hours well we've
been five minutes um he would voice
crack on purpose yeah cuz his voice was
cracking but he went over exaggerate
remember when a Melissa sang yeehaw and
she goes Kenny hall and I'm like that
sounded like a donkey
I don't remember that at all um my
birthday dinner very like did you know
that yeehaw means left and right and
she's like oh yeah yeehaw and you ain't
know no you ain't yeehaw and she goes
get hold like nope that's a donkey
having a little snack Annie hey buddy
this is lucky right hopefully she's okay
but Garrett's lucky are you lucky hey
buddy
I heard that Annie and Amanda are
cleaning out stalls today working
lots of riding but you got to work too
you cold okay let's go look at okay I
know they're just running hey hey buddy
hey yeah he devoured that carrot I don't
have another one devoured it like it
would have probably taken me an hour to
eat that carrot I don't like carrots
just lay down and rolled around of
course I missed it P doggy
think it likes you hey it it I don't
know what it is do you have pretty eyes
I just missed everything you're in the
car on a conference call daddy and I and
I miss the barn cleaning I'm sorry guys
I'm sorry well they were just about done
but apparently she did something amazing
let's go see if we can watch
good job Annie and lucky another career
gymnastics and horseback riding those
are the passions did you get all your
chores done yeah yeah yay you got warm
we took off the jab good good let's make
sure that gets back to Amanda we had to
borrow this yeah successful day all
right
super duper and it I was the bomber
really not a little bit better come yay
hey hey buddy Lucky's going to get put
up and get a treat Marley Marley ran off
so now Marley's tied up but he's sorry
he's like I'm waiting for my goodies oh
thank you you got your treats a good boy
you are a boy right lucky okay good boy
just like the dog yep thank you two
three with a good moment yes three was a
perfect number how about four you got
four in there one-handed I was super
good job Annie
very good job
I'll put the blanket on back thanks
lucky see you next time
little Haley time because she's got Jim
and she had a long day of school so
we're not gonna see her until after Jim
Jim she's sleeping
hey you look good in the seats is it
comfortable
earlier she was so quiet she wasn't
saying a word not a word so yet we're on
the way to Jim yeah my lights green
juices hike Christmas lights yeah
tis the season hmm whoa God don't see
Christmas light tell us your day going
hmm
how's your there going that's a very
good question for them Barry you're
you're nice yeah uh-huh
you can't put my arm down because it's
just flat you smooth dude it's not a
very big arm ray well and I gotta get
used to everything huh okay scream ready
and thinking at all
where we going ladies it's a restaurant
yeah look I'm gonna be every stir yeah
that was very sweet
oh my gosh it is not warm out here it's
like beach weather so we're just leaving
practice we're going to G all the way at
the very end it's DoDEA music the new
car I'm going to celebrate Annie's
birthday Katie and Annie haven't hung
out for her birthday yeah so you give
out cake like I give whatever whoo
let me open your door okay one second
enter my friends it's like all right
your mom why people different yeah it's
much roomier inside than it look this
nation okay so your mom your mom's
meeting us there
it means it's on noise Sokka the butcher
head I promise all right I am in a
sports car this is my one my favorite
part the huge oh my gosh is angel I'm
cold
look at her look to get in here
teacher I'm gonna move that she like
that she does she's gonna keep it just
gonna wear it just slide it off Annie
nice of you to wrap that because I
didn't read any of her problems back in
the box
are you very curious to see what this is
I have no idea either thank you you're a
strong Timothy guy I can flip on the
beam and swing on the bars can I open a
box is it
didn't I
oh it was still flying texted I send you
on your birthday all right
I'd like a little Henry yeah precursor
you like this what oh wow
with all her other stuff that's special
whoa it gets arrested its own a
different film what we're talking about
flip your sleeve down and and there's
another one Oh be cool there a magnetic
I don't like to do your mind yeah I'm
sorry
bracelet oh that was very sweet
remember that guys I think she stayed
with up of unite no well yeah it was at
an altar and off fake any shoes on they
would that's right but maybe you didn't
really stay with us I mean you did yeah
right that was fun
it was holy cow memories let's make some
new ones and shears
Cheers I really just wanted to show
again that I was drinking water alright
we just told the girls that they could
have a sleepover
they talked us into it we're going to
because I had to open her door no with
her hand this is crazy
mind blown okay and it took a lot of
energy yeah I mean it's freezing outside
anyways so now we're gonna get people
from water bowl boom it's gonna be a
good day and night death oh my goodness
we just got home and we're looking for
daddy and looking for daddy and I was
about to call him and he called me and
he is in the hot tub oh and I was
starting to get a little nervous I'm
like where is he yeah all the cars are
here
what cuz he's in the hot tub what are
you doing out here where are the lights
I bet it does oh I know this thing has
light somewhere like the Tommy you yeah
there this is that's it there's the
light out here yeah I thought they've
just brightened up a little bit more
than that where are you are you hanging
out with the puppies
oh my goodness she's on top of you again
she missed you
she always misses you while you're gone
Winnie seriously sounds anyway probably
70 hi you know they are ready to play
she's gonna love this know she remember
last year yeah she praise my god quit
copying me oh oh
what are you two doing playing with the
new alligator what are we gonna do
tonight we're not your sisters gone you
do have school
she'll meet you'll see her tomorrow yeah
yeah yeah high five on that
okay thanks for humoring me Haley how is
Jim good anything else did you get that
um new trick you've been working on that
double back off the bar yeah is that
even right today's got a math oh I got a
day today's risen it is the seventh so
25 minus seven is 25 minus seven guys 18
so it is right yeah good laughing yeah
surrender in the cube actually it's a
reindeer it's a moose dress up as a
reindeer yeah he's a moose yeah he's a
moose no that I thought I was a reindeer
too but on the box that said moose
that's how I know it's a moose I'll
leave her malli hey malli moose yeah
even means all right I'm gonna get her
ready for bed
you know he's plugged up or she well
instead of getting read it feels good
instead of getting ready for bed like I
said we were gonna do I told Haley we
could come out here and have some Haley
mommy and daddy time I think it feels
super good stand out there for a while
move when you mean hurt it's in a
regular hot tub temper points oh those
dogs are like crazy tonight so Joyce are
hot oh the dog is getting in trouble
hi so tell us about life Haley what is
the meaning of life from eight-year-old
Haley well apparently and girl meet oral
it's a lot of things I want to see what
he's saying girl meets world what you
know many other lawyers what us does for
them oh yeah you guys watch too much TV
so I mean us or them calm down well if
you don't answer that we'll talk about
an episode on Girl Meets World
yeah but what we're talking about the
awesome that Pam uh sir them parents is
right the definite boys and girls are
definitely in us boys and girl hey yo
boys versus girls now like they can
comment down below battle we will see
who all the Disney fans are out there us
what us does for them this is nice
so that that's a great question of the
day what's the meaning what's the
meaning of life I want to hear it from
you Haley wife is ah
my life yeah you read season I'm gonna
say what I think that but that's not
really I guess the meaning of life I
feel like life's about like doing the
best you can I think that's really not
having things and a journey I think life
following the journey what you say I say
I say following the journey in the path
because you get three and you'll always
find it a better way a better way are
you coming are you quoting the song that
we wrote yesterday okay check that video
out yesterday's video out if you want to
know what that means
Annie and I wrote a song daddy what do
you think the meaning of life is I think
the meaning of life is learning to
celebrate ma'am just the good times but
learning to find the time to bring back
yep we have some bad times but we are
trying to find reasons to keep
celebrating and you are one of those
reasons what did I do to celebrate just
you being you what did I do
that's worth a celebration I use
everybody had a hate line balancing on
my beat if everybody had a Haley in
their life man well I hope I hope
everybody has a Haley in their life
someone like her hmm she's stubborn and
she's grouchy and klutzy but but she's
also sweet and caring and funny and
pretty
roll it to Annie and we'll see you guys
later
tomorrow later later tomorrow later
tomorrow what not sleep tight it is time
the princess let's read oh jesus think
okay so question of day is what is the
meaning of life maybe life is different
this is very turn into a musical girl me
too early
once the meeting over to celebrate it
and um live it yeah because it's life so
what do you think Katie what is in the
meaning of life all right I'm thinking
something really cheesy but out loud and
let's say enjoy this which is also
really too small
Toto just do yeah enjoy and celebrate
from Eddie
happy birthday if it's your birthday out
there I probably is one of you I really
like saying many happy birthday wait
wait we're gonna guess five people's
names and if your name is is called
Ziggler like freaked out okay okay um
Amy Amy Elizabeth maybe Elizabeth Alera
yes Alexis and Anwar thank you good one
Gabrielle no no but let me just give
them out okay Gabrielle if you're out
there it's okay we're gonna think more
canny anywhere names are canny yeah good
for you okay
don't forget to comment down below cuz
Vienna know the question today is what
is the meaning of life yeah bye see you
tomorrow
always remember to celebrate life hey ah
oh babe oh babe thanks for watching
Britt Ailey
