time for me hey guys so we are in our
Tesla yeah and we're not well I'm going
to school and this is the first time
we've ever been to school with driving
in a Tesla so and Amy's going to write
after me because dad's gonna like rush
home yeah
and we're like an hour apart so like yes
we are in the Tesla I feel it is
dangerous
Swiss Sun Visor it is
I don't want to mess with him while I'm
driving Elmo so that I have a light
but that's kind of styling it goes in
here anything magnetic pulled it back on
the place yeah Oh Oh scary look how big
this thing is not a very pretty day out
guys but it's so big your lunchbox in
your water bottles yeah
there's the back
mommy already left her purse in there I
just put it in here sure you did we were
telling everybody yesterday how with the
truck you won't let me like leave
anything at it okay lady get your coat
Haley get your trash out yeah cuz you
think it's yours yeah it's not maybe
it'll be yours when you're 16 now
fifteen oh that's what you want to drive
when you're learning yeah okay
how many years is that Annie now that
you're 12 oh my god before until I
actually like that makes me feel a
little better
well actually like isn't it five six til
I can actually drive Haley I don't know
all the laws siblings I think you can
drive seen her friends it's a while you
have to have your license for a while I
like those little laws because I think
they protect people
hey it was it school I'm going to
mommy's gonna sit around I'm gonna add a
legal workout three videos to my yeah
daddy ever get a good one no two videos
for you and Haley like one for each and
then I have to start working on piecing
your music video together to see if we
can really get this thing out that I
dare to do that he did like the base of
it now I'm gonna like insert all the
like little transitions like the cook
this is the music video pretty good
right now yeah there was one part where
you weren't right on that we're having
to struggle with yeah but that's okay
it's going to be definitely amateur for
the first one but
fun right an adventure alright guys it's
the week leading into the first meet and
a need about door flora team how much
maybe it is a second
you
first charge it's going at 23 miles per
hour we don't have one in our house yet
you guys so we have to go charge of
places so we're gonna go to lunch while
this bad boy charges we'll talk about
all of those so this is what it looks
like and we're gonna have a smaller
version a home charger these are the
super charger we'll have one of a small
one in the house that we can do this
right now we have to come visit places
like this so we're gonna grab some lunch
the door keeps closing automatically
okay I think she really likes the new
card
or she didn't sleep either way not sure
put you sleeping now
little girl
is she seriously person anyway I think
she likes the car or she didn't get it
are you wearing your seat belt properly
my friend no cuz I'm going no you still
have to wear it properly even if you're
sleeping thank you thanks dad for three
reasons
one I already ate all my stuff for lunch
the reason number two the reason why I
ate all the stuff a lot just because
we're in stop traffic hey I'm like like
the lane I need to get in so do we all
have to merge this Lane yeah is that why
there's like no one right here we're
moving only because we need over because
I gotta find my way right there go okay
we're good now we're gonna write for
like and I a car is gonna come right now
oh now now yeah
the third reason why I'm sad is because
I couldn't go over to Katie's house
house for a school date because she was
sick and she gave to her brothers and
there they haven't been sick for 24
hours yet awesome I have to have been
better doesn't been for 24 hours
yeah cool right now chu story Ritalin
you're going to be not be home for
probably 45 minutes to an hour
that's another it's a law really bad hey
this is what I do every day yes II sit
in truck like this is probably the worst
traffic I've seen on this road
can't we just like jump over that kind
of go in one of those lanes I'm talking
about like the other side of the road
there's like a little wall can you just
like it's a Tesla it can do anything no
real show and then like get in one of
this cheater lane that aren't really
even a lane stride the other way they
get to go cuz they're excavating what if
we just exit that won't get us to our
house yeah but then we can find another
way there's always so bad your way that
should be a so why don't make it up
right now you can piece together that's
a good challenge five lines that go with
there's always a better way okay I'll be
back guys yeah might not know all the
lines
like in order we came up with five right
so you do like tell me which lines are
going that our time is the start when
you feel like okay late yeah
wait what is it feels like you're not
getting it when you feel your now
getting anywhere just take a different
Road
because I know
there's always different way better way
a better way to go
and when you get there don't look back
just keep the memories you know but
you've always known or something like
that okay you say it that no I can't say
it but that we got the gist so now you
can practice
how does a standing we should have
written it down and
now does a start when you feel like I
got getting there when you feel you're
not getting anywhere just take me to the
room cuz I know there's always a better
way to
and when you get there just don't look
back don't look back just keep the
memories of always no good that's very
good I think that was really good for
coming up within ten minutes yeah yeah
that's about traffic guys yeah we
changed it a little bit to make it more
relatable than that cuz we're gonna say
like just take the nearest exit when
you're stuck in traffic that's on the
other side you're stuck in traffic take
the first I just take the first exit
this is always always a better way to go
it's what we first asked how it started
but really let my not makes an exit in
traffic sounds silly
so we doesn't like that and when you
feel like you're not getting anywhere
just take a different Road cuz I know
there's always always a better way to go
and will you feel like not getting
anywhere just take a different Road cuz
I know yes I know this always a better
way to go
and when you get there stone look bad no
don't look back just keep the memories
you've always know
for a 10-minute song right I have a good
challenge yeah
nothing different something hopefully
that with a little entertaining cuz you
know yesterday and you're like I think
our big finish it boring they're always
doing the same thing there you go yep
you must feel like that because you feel
like that's what your life like that's
what all you do it is boring make your
life is boring yeah I think you could
sometime say that your life is boring
pretty normal life but then other times
another your life so normal
I like lickle is a we're having a deep
thought maybe like look at my damn
fashion and to say who could be all the
losers she won't see why when she grows
up
this channel will do it's dinner damn
your vegetables not ready yet hmm who
knows what vegetable were having tonight
very good did someone tell you oh you
saw that is it ready still not ready
steak and asparagus is on the menu for
the girls and we have learned daddy and
I've learned that for calorie-wise
steaks not the best red meats not the
best so we're having chicken and the
little growing yeah you're walking away
from me a little growing girls need a
little bit more you know steaks not
gonna hurt a little we're gonna have
chicken
hey Annie and I wrote a song about
traffic can you remember it you listing
it more though yeah I know that's why we
but we were inspired by traffic only
fine lines when you feel it up getting
anywhere hey different Road there's a no
yes I know it's always the better way to
go
and when you get there just what you
guys think well your mama's right now
mommy's not thinking it Brava Brava we
wrote that in the car in about 10
minutes for in traffic and he's like
just take the other exit and we make a
can't I won't get this home she goes
well we could find it
good fine she goes there's always a
better way or something like that that's
what's funny about that song she just
came up with it there there's literally
no other way to go near it
no there literally as I unless you have
a vote there's no other way to get here
ma'am you can find a better way to go I
know we were we were being inspirational
good people no I'm not there's this
every day
I know there's always a better way you
guys yeah daddy downer every time oh my
god go tour it on him no don't know I've
felt hungry ruin sorry you guys we've
been busy editing is just wearing black
but not nice of you yes it can help
where your milk but we didn't get that
video up about the Biggest Loser did
waste is it on your channel already oh
it is I was going to apologize because
we've been I'm editing Haley whoa I'm
editing Haley's meet video right now as
we speak and he's rolling Oh Leo go
you're all recorded okay and he's gonna
videos so people are already watching me
be so nervous about this challenge
I was I was nervous yeah I'm doing okay
I feel good
hello people peoples of the world so I
made like 20 music please not really I
mean like 6 but yeah now we're going
upstairs to do the question today so I'm
gonna get dark here in a second and
we're kind of turn on some lights don't
worry fellas hmm light let there be
light
okay oh okay blue so what's the bright
day hey Lisa question of the day who is
your favorite music artist my favorite
Shawn Mendes hmm okay those we're would
be Carrie Underwood uh-huh or oh oh
Jersey
don't forget to comment down below oh no
I wish of the day a nice car dance
always remember to celebrate life ah
 baked potato baked thanks for
watching for tailee
