hi for me
good morning I present to you Annie
my 12 year old I'm not 12 yet in a
couple hours
you will be 12 officially but today is a
day that you were born 12 years ago in
Chile and I've got this practice I've
got this we're on our way to the gym so
we're kind of like Oh Monday morning
blues here twelve so nine hours so cuz
you're born in the five o'clock hour I
need to look and see exactly what time
you're born five or the next day I'm
excited a six sealings born it back to
the g1 one or two something oh well now
I'm drawing a blank
you told me I was born at six o'clock
last year and then you report him fix
something not six o'clock on the dot
yeah you're born in the evening Haley
was born in the afternoon and Caleb was
born at night and I know his eleven
filter baby but I love 52 why 8 minutes
away from being born on the 14th I don't
remember why I don't know why I remember
that maybe first form like what dance
stuff you need specific clothes for gym
and I grabbed I don't even know if we're
gonna do it no one's really even coming
I know we got some sick people hope you
don't catch it
there's a meet this weekend if people
come to the gym and they're sick I'm
leaving it's my birthday about I think
sick a goodbye so today is the day guys
a lot of people didn't know this day was
coming except for us but one of our
dream cars that we've always said and
you only ever heard Haley say it but
it's not just her dream car it's pretty
much all of ours inside Annie's who's
got the truck who's got the truck we got
the truck right we wanted to get a Tesla
for many reasons one cuz we're cool and
they're good for the environment there
I've always wanted like an electric car
I think that's the neatest idea in the
world for somebody who likes science and
stuff like that and so the technology
for us like we have were huge technology
people and the funny thing about this
whole thing is we never anticipated that
it was going to be 21
on Annie's birthday just so happened so
um we're getting a Tesla Tesla minutes
birthday no for anyone who's gonna ask
it's not for any sport or Haley that's
Frank it's more firm ah look cuz when we
were younger we our dream car oh this is
my right there's a car there um my dream
car was a bit cebiche a clip and i
wanted what a Mitsubishi Eclipse spider
spider technical
there's a Mitsubishi Eclipse Spyder and
so um so that's kind of morphed into
something that's better for the encyc up
up don't make puzzles are invented back
then
no not 1999 so here's the first one I
got was I like I will buy my dream car
here's the funny one day Haley is going
to think it's for her yes so Haley's
gonna think that she got a Tesla on
Annie's for just be aware of that that
Haley is going to Hank this is her car
not as much as any thanks to trucks
Harris so just to be clear though we're
not getting a fourth car we are trading
the Infinity in that's a big car the gas
go it's a gas guzzler which was why this
is such a big move because we're going
from a gas guzzling like big SUV to a
Tesla now this is the the Model X which
is the six seater it does have cool
doors and so it's you know it's not
going to carry as many people but it
does have six seats so we'll still be
able to get
most of the people
sometimes they may have extra people
that are with us right basically the
girls can both have one friend with them
and we can stuff that so that's what we
figured that would be enough well you
guys one ornament at a time and we might
get this tree decorated you think so I
don't know if Haley realizes where mommy
and daddy were today we were getting
something picking something up the car
that starts with a T and ends with an s
l-- a-- guess what something was wrong
with the door on it lately door of the
tesla and so he's been up there i had to
leave to come get you from school he's
been up there for like four hours while
they fix the door for what is going on
here why did she decorate the tree with
her blankie should it stay there until
Christmas all right what kind of
ornament do you want we still got a lot
get it out how about a bell
sure do you need a hook I've got some
hooks so Haley's got about 10 minutes
before Jim you don't need a hook it
sometimes hangs better with a hook we
need to spread some of these out we're
gonna get this Christmas tree up for ya
well I guess the trees up we're gonna
get decorations even if it's just a
couple a day oh we need some big ones
I wouldn't just break anything but the
big ones need to be spread out big-time
well you need a hook Barner little hooks
cutest and look this hasn't been changed
because today's Annie's birthday which
is the fifth so there's 20 days left 20
days till Christmas whoo-hoo what yeah
you can't stand on the top one do you
need help
well it's Monday the only cool thing
about this Monday is that it's Amy's
birthday uh-huh I'm gonna surprise her
well you got some Nutella on your lip
with cupcakes for her team let me save
you one when I wanna be there what
you'll be in gym but I'll save you one
oh well if you see them see it happening
even ask your coach if you can come over
okay I picked up some mini cupcakes to
share with Annie's teammates for her
birthday so that's gonna be fun they're
just the mini ones like literally this
big and you know cuz they're gymnasts
and they just worked out in the last
thing they need is a huge cupcake so I
got many ones so I'm sure coach Mary
will appreciate that got a helper I see
she came out of right now because
they're all coming out one at a time she
came out of practice to help hand out
cupcakes there's the birthday girl
I was practice okay you're the cupcakes
I told everybody I got mini ones
oh right we'll get it you got a lot of
stuff you don't think you brought a lot
oh you guys can't see that that's newly
oh that's pretty good yeah almost like
my Isis skinny
Kinzie just sweet I am done with Jim and
I past us in cupcakes there's few more
left sardine so now I'm gonna open what
Mackenzie got me because she was so
sweet to get me some stuff for my
birthday and so first off is this like
little balloon that says happy birthday
and it's a cheese because it's you about
to efface she also got me this so these
two were the only things that I know
that we're in here because they were
sticking out of that um it's like a
little elf Pez thing and they're like a
bunch of peasants down there so sugary
sugary stuff and then she got me a phone
no I'm kidding this is nice when I put
it in there cuz I didn't want to carry
yet oh oh oh cute you guys don't get to
see it don't get it here
oh my god what even is this terrain beer
it looks like a fad right
it's a Winnie reindeer it may say on
their thigh but I'm really cute this is
so cute thanks kids if you're watching
this what is this
hold on snow flurries scented bat
fizzers oh don't show those snowman
kinsey with an IE and after Kenzie
gymnast underscore time so going from
another recent the head and most recent
posts and say we're awesome you are
awesome and he's very thankful okay then
I got this candy game and some socks
how cute candy cane socks
happy birthday friends a special friend
like you deserves a birthday that
sparkles and with happiness love candy
oh that's really sweet thanks kid
how to exercise any target weight not
you me yeah so we put her in the buggy
she's like can I set the buggy and like
you know she goes it'll be good
squash pumpkin can't frog Joe oh my god
what are wind sprints you're coming up
to the toys or there's a lot of people
so I better slow down alright whoa this
is actually a good workout pushing you
in this buggy okay CKK oh you're like I
don't like candy canes like seriously
I'm human too minik okay why am i dating
not doing a very good job I'm here in
the mall and mommy's turning around a
convenient exercise in one of this
campaign I'm not gonna lie I'm a little
short on breath she treated herself a
bit my birthday I let her treat herself
a triple play that's why she's running
yeah but I did better I didn't get the
tortilla like I normally do I just and I
got health a shuffle I got less rice
than normal and instead of extra cheese
I just go regular cheese maybe next time
I can do light cheese this is my view oh
my gosh
okay baby steps you guys you look really
comfortable
I only gained again when you're too
short to reach high face oh they're all
up there I thought I was just up there
good job Annie knew you'd come in handy
can you imagine me doing my I feel that
this is what we should do
family Pie Face or our shout-out 43.6
yeah I feel like we shouldn't lose her
what do we need we need the whipped
cream I'm assuming yeah right all right
let's go get that button what this'll be
good one
whipped cream not included this is gonna
be a good one stay tuned so what do you
do we can't probably film this until we
get back from your meet while we're here
without Haley we were looking sis we can
get something for Haley for Christmas
from Annie choices choices oh this is
cute super soft she used to love all
this kind of stuff I think that's good
okay you are done with Haley oh we lost
her come back this takes me back to when
I was little I had Cabbage Patch dolls I
like those were the dolls
I think Haley would like that maybe we
should get her a Cabbage Patch doll Andy
the Cabbage Patch doll this really okay
hi those are like the bomb.com back when
I was off
duh Oh
you're terrorizing little pandas and you
can't beat him up
chill out violence isn't the answer palm
from a long day and the last thing on
our list of things to do today
hey everybody okay Robert your stay is
to tour the Tesla oh it's a lot smaller
than the other car which is one of the
reasons we wanted to get it the other
one was just so big yeah we're gonna
tour it is it unlocked oh I should I got
the key
oh yeah it's probably slot don't hit it
it's golden right okay I'll be back I
gotta get the key we shouldn't need it
all right
cars are always girl tessie yeah she
said no oh until I said I liked se so
far but we could ask for a subject that
could be the question that could be the
question of the day suggestions for the
name of our Tesla and and obviously have
you heard that a me Tasha Tasha is there
a dog locked outside probably winning
that scared me or some creepy person oh
no I'll just open the front door yeah
cuz when he's not right here by the door
there's either some creepy person or
Winnie hey we have to win if she's
standing at the garage Oh Winnie come on
I haven't seen you guys all day all
right look look at the key the keys fun
in itself it's the car here's the front
door there's the size of the car here's
the back that's how you push what you
want to open oh yeah
you push this you're calling I'm gonna
open the right okay double for you yeah
double click to open I don't remember
all the commands to it you do something
Oh God yeah knows you're there no you
think actually click it not tap I love
it I love it oh my mother hit my head
this is so cool quick let it close this
and see how it feels yeah oh my gosh
oh yeah Bailey this is how it I sleep
I'd sleep are you gonna clap Haley
oh are you kidding it's coming near me
ah like velvet up here Oh
velvet there's two more chairs back
there so it's six Oh guys it is
beautiful and this is not as high as it
opens it opens higher than this but the
settings if you're inside it only opens
that far but yeah how do you do it
you push there's cup holders up there
too but wait there is yeah I'll show you
plugged in you guys dummy is charged
discharged
Oh charge oh yeah it's blinking did you
find the coverage it's in here somewhere
what oh I don't know how to do it can we
take this tomorrow us before he needs to
charge your phone keep your feet off I'm
gonna be like no eating no drinking no
putting your feet on and then that'll
last like two weeks I'll go say a month
but whatever we call it well daddy can
take her and then he usually makes it
back in time oh yeah oh oh yep he's your
birthday and II got a Tesla on her
birthday
hey Lonnie you got well see we can't
joking this is not hers like we said
this morning and this is not hers this
was because everybody needs a truck I
like unlike Tesla
well that's so funny yes you have to pay
for that truck I'm not just gonna give
it to you oh it doesn't take gas we
don't want to go to the gas station pull
button looks small but when you get in
it's big when it when you're in and it's
close it's bigger than right here and
don't trip the cord push there yeah I
think it does don't let me see middle in
the middle there that's how you open it
without keys right it's beautiful isn't
it
watch this is this your own this push
your bottom about like nothing better
didn't you say so meaning if there's a
car there or a person huh you could get
it right here you could easily get in
yeah and that's cool so if you're if
it's there detection technology is so
amazing this car is full of technology
and I love technology Thank You
scientist that's right watch this watch
this but something hits it that it
doesn't sleep can we go for a test drive
I haven't driven it yet
not if you guys want to turn into new
places as well we don't have a
challenger here for its plugged into a
converter to the wall but it charges
really slow coffee yeah I call it a
little skip right you guys so that's it
what some please give us some
suggestions for the name of our car and
she he he oh yeah Danny thinks that
we're not entertaining enough and she
wants to make sure that you guys are
always entertained when you want if that
was entertaining it didn't break good
okay no it's not broken it's still
recording and there's no scratches
suggest what you want to see name the
Tesla we've suggested test see Tasha
Tasha I like Tasha a lot I like Sasha
the Tesla so that's it happy birthday
Annie
we love ya we'll see ya Tanya the Tesla
we'll see you guys tomorrow
adios amigos signing off from space
you're not in space but I feel like it
with that car always remember to
celebrate life
my database the database thanks for
watching for tailee
