time for me well good morning everybody
this thing's got a hook the hooks are
down here donkey we must all up the
ladder what are we doing this morning
we're trying to get this done we make no
promises we're not it's really a lot
harder than we thought it was gonna be
making a music video in recording a
Christmas song oh and like like making
sure this it sounds alright cuz um I
don't know if anybody knows this but I
know I'm not cute daddy and I have no
music background whatsoever and so for
us to think that we could take this on
was a little aggressive a little crazy
but so we filmed decorating the create
the tree we still can do that so that's
what's going on this morning and Hayley
just rolled out of bed
fixing her some breakfast what look to
your left
now your other left oh so um that's
what's going on you guys I got my camera
strapped around my neck we are probably
gonna do it like five more times in
different places we've already filmed in
a room oh my goodness this is a lot why
did we do this so still we still make no
more problem no promises that this will
even come out but we're trying and it's
our Christmas present to you guys
remember was Christmas process it's the
thought that counts but maybe we can
like put some behind the scenes up or
something just anything
yeah all right music videos just like
you don't have to be good at it to enjoy
it
daddy's you'll be good at to enjoy
that's really saying good happy good
activated girl off you're going to enjoy
so h2 the money
music music video making you don't want
to do it man maybe when she's older guys
yeah you got to sleep in Annie woke up
early to phone first of all I woke up so
early
you did so early that Sheila legislate
oh oh yeah yesterday I had to go back to
do me hey Liam had a discussion in the
car about that how it's unfair that you
guys get to sleep in every Saturday no
join the homeschool program so he's
parking
wait bad lighting it's all about the
lighting it's a little better
salute okay Haley will salute you
you didn't even jump I run into the wall
grab the wall you hug it like parking
garage gymnastics well she got hey go
run and jump up and Oceanside skills
this is why we never get anywhere you
guys Oh par do to do to do
nothing's going on here today is all
about celebrating Annie's birthday
tomorrow is her birthday it's not her
birthday tomorrow
she's tank class oh oh
so today gabby and pop all happen to be
in town so we're gonna eat lunch with
them and then tonight
yes we're eating out twice which makes
my diet very difficult um tonight we're
meeting cousins and eating dinner for
Annie's birthday or if you pick I always
have to say good I don't know if you
guys know but this is Caleb's best
friend he always used to say hello to
that anyways I just wrote others what
she's use hit her she you know I can't
like oh I would be really good fielding
area huh like musically yeah and so
anyway we're at the mall we're meeting
here to meet Gabi and papa you're seeing
them in a really long time that is my
dad
my stepmom my parents got remarried when
I was little so that's who they are in
case you didn't know who Kathy and Paul
Paul were the kids grandparents right
now we just lost and now daddy's
pretending to attack you in the back you
guys are you doing you know that tells
you she didn't see me coming soon she's
too busy looking at herself you didn't
see them
hmm
some friends
we're sitting by this group of people
whose little girl her birthday today and
they recognized Annie and Annie wooden
saying to them and then they realized
Annie's birthday is tomorrow and they
sang to her best friends just like that
how was your candle and the cake - I
thought you cake
wow that was really nice of them
and a fork oh there's there's of work
but those are those real are those real
birds
wow that are pretty fancy plastic but
our great Fork
I'm very impressed by them I like that
color - no whoa that's not nice
I don't want your cake I don't want your
cake either right now why are we going
to class
Krissi's Christmas all right so shopper
helper gets to pick out one thing -
birthday time so we decided since we're
celebrating your birthday today with all
the family that we will give you the
other little gifts that we got you
because we know we got you the big what
Hayley got you something
just like I did we did get you two did
you just you don't remember or do you
remember okay she forgot though and then
mom sent you something and nonny sent
you something so your cousins are coming
over later and we'll I'll let you open
your presents because tomorrow will be
too busy you haven't gotten it one time
okay not once not twice what oh geez
what are we doing she left her phone at
home by itself oh is it okay did it
survive without you charge though right
I did I be wrapped they're not wrapped
that way I can't see them right that's
why I had to go get them out in the
boxes they came from these are from well
Gabi got hers today gaving pop off out
there today this is from mum nonny yeah
happy birthday
no I'm just gonna plug in here that's
what we're watching the game on Daddy's
phone is streaming here I'm about to
drop these can you take them cuz imma
drop them nope I present to the face no
I gotta get it better
don't watch me um let me see
that's from Donny yeah she's not in
there oh my gosh I may go sit back down
right okay would you be not enough
apparently
more sugar I don't need to open it it
just shows you what's in it oh my gosh I
bet I bet my brush a comb what is that
mmm daddy
mmm but this that's a brush oh it says
it hmm a sweat scraper can I use that on
you no needs a whole body got it okay
what are you what are you
would you put your feet in those little
things
then he would have stirrups no all right
we're gonna need um a knife for the
Haley no no not Haley not eglee just
from mom I know what it is I know what
it is I know I think everybody knows
whether you do to mary-kate I promise
you Annie remember this you know the
only BA I know the orange box pc-12 what
if it has a wrong number on it long I'll
be very - just five not yeah she's not
12 yet tomorrow
she's 12
yeah look at that dress somebody just
open it okay that one is tall Wow come
tall oh I love your hat why is my all
frozen it is it's probably the exact 12
year old you guys didn't have that long
that's true thanks mom yeah Amy
come make sure that the that is usually
a card
haha so smart I know her so well the car
first I gotta dump this on my head why
this fat baby mommy and daddy and it
goes with this what you already said you
know what it is is it's a ring light for
music Lee's and videos okay that is
that's a small tripod for this so you
don't have to always have oh now you can
give me my tripod Oh burn and this is
from Hayley doing fireworks for her so
there it is the president you didn't
know even existed
it's a ring light for your phone so how
does that work
I don't know you clip it around your
home around the camera on your phone and
it just like that
hey last but not least
what's the poet even says your name hey
there's something we know that yeah
exactly
Haley Danny their stuff in it hmm when
he's playing on to a fight earlier oh
that's cool
now I don't make it nice for Christmas
but for your birthday
nobody know how bright your face is now
oh my gosh it is really bright that show
up good or love just yeah you might be
able to turn it down
how does it work like if you're in the
dark
that'll well that bakes brighter
brighter oh yeah that was damn this is a
brighter that is like blinding happy
birthday dinner are you excited
you picked the place that's how we do it
around here the birthday girl gets to
put pick your new beanie new scarf oh I
see you've got the ring light on they
could make some musical ease in this if
there's not good lighting in here you're
in luck you can shine it in everybody's
eyes hey uh P what are we doing oh my
gosh that's so crazy
cool I'm gonna get on my back yeah we
are the last ones to the party we all
left the house jump on my back at the
same time but we're the last ones here I
like my ring lace and blue things down
the Frog in her throat and this stuff we
got for 90 and then Bobby so you like it
all in mom aunt Melissa and Melissa is
coming soon she said she wasn't prepared
for that cuz technically you're
technically your birthday's tomorrow
get so nervous and shy Gabi and pop are
leaving their selfing with the ring
light it's just started haha I'm sorry
negative no else with audio is everybody
idea
yeah have a safe trip it's cold out here
let's go get in the car like normal
people
ah mommy daddy got me some candles I got
creams mmm
heylia's Cranston we're gonna toast and
we're going home we got some ice cream
cake and birth I'm gonna sing you happy
birthday but who me here the third time
today
whoa oh yeah Oh at the mall he has
random strangers turning our best
friends yep pretty cool and then a tech
startup and now the official one because
but he will officially do it today are
these food trick candles now there you
see homies I've been there 12 well but
not gonna have any left over
how old did you like that thing what you
saw nothing like we didn't know that we
invited them over and your car's out
front the house cute you knew it
wouldn't work busted singin oh that's
cute
no vacuum really oh you can have a bike
I'm gonna have to bite I'm gonna treat
myself for three days done I'm starting
well done aunt Melissa waiting with me
but apparently did not start until
tomorrow
hey hey you couldn't in the first laying
on Friday though the first weigh-in is
on Friday yep I got four days almost
three you are old Annie really old oh my
goodness
you're gonna keep peddling a push pop it
off your we're gonna walk wrong with
that on there it's gonna create a new
trend now you gotta like them and then
I'm gonna take another picture my doll
she's a teenager
it's like these two in here what are we
in for yeah
I know still a teenager Elise her bun is
amazing your buddy I didn't even do it
it all feels like she might wanted to do
the back mm-hmm yes chance that's not
smart you a wrestler I'm gonna offend
all the wrestlers out there we love
wrestlers so you guys happy birthday to
you you're old Annie no Hey oh you got
slo-mo to anyway like they're all slo-mo
Heinemann that is slow loop super slow
BAM that oh my gosh a do what mm-hmm
why are we doing this
I did say that but I didn't mean for
daddy to brush it okay so oh is he he
didn't pull like some other people you
know
I like how we only decorated much of the
tree as needed for the video oh my gosh
that was this morning it has been a long
day when he's hanging out with me how do
you feel like that you're gonna be 12
this is my last day taking a living in
the history of ever you will never be
eleven again that's crazy
think ever I make you sad this is Winnie
when she doesn't go to the attention but
she craves waiting why do you lie I know
she's crazy all right
I think Haley thinks she's too good for
us she's not playing with us hey lady
want to play with us no I'll play you
wanna play she wants to play doing all
right my friends it's the end of the day
this is where we insert the question of
the day oh you found a spot and
everybody answers it and then we read
them okay and then we respond to some of
them and that's how it works
oh and we're planning on doing a shout
out video again very soon because we did
we hit 3.6 million subscribers and we
want to try to do some shout outs
leading up to 4 million yeah to crowd
you so should I go good a question of
the day or can you guys think of one
I'm on to a simple one Coke or Pepsi
Harry that's not really unhealthy but
prolong or really really really short
but how are you like short like a bad
air like bold here like no I wouldn't
want that who would want a really really
long long unhealthy hair how about we
just break that down a little bit and
just say long or short hair what do you
prefer some people like that yes short
hair long hair he's waited so long for
long hair he's not coming that's the
longest it's ever been
all right so I'm gonna go with long
daddy well you're gonna go for short for
yourself it is long what his hair is not
long yes okay but longer than Piper's
the things they do for the writers when
they watched you the dogs it makes me
look how long that hair is pretty long
you're right and look at I can't even
get one of hers I can't all right we're
gonna pass this question of the day to
Haley we will see you guys tomorrow bye
hey guys so right now I'm I'm here in my
room cuz I was too lazy to go downstairs
and actually the question today with my
fans and the question of the day is
would you got do you like short hair or
long hair I like my short hair better
because it's kollene but not my fewer
hair I like short hair better not my
short hair like you I mean I like my
shirt but like yeah you know what I mean
so I don't know if they already did this
but don't forget to comment down below
cuz we want to know the cushion of day
is do you prefer short hair or long hair
always remember to celebrate life
Beibei thanks for watching
Vitaliy
