time for me this is my hair before Jim
gotta brush this out put it in a bun
then I'll be good we should step I
should tell like this because then
you're dissing them ok so here's one
yeah you want to know what something
else is excited what it's Friday
we're almost done
I'm so tired still adjusting Oh Bailey's
got a meet tomorrow meet number two how
she cannot do that go to a meet yeah I'm
so tired
it's a bar oh we get to sleep again I'd
hope so what are we gonna stay up and
then go to me well we're not going to me
I gotta go to me I've told you this I
have to get mentally ready for y'all's
meets I have to like get my little brain
wrapped around and it's meat season and
you guys are gonna be doing crazy things
on a beans
crazy things on all events for you now
really crazy things for Haley Haley's
age floating around I didn't want to
have some type to bunched up to
yesterday really that's awesome mommy
and daddy today and other people like me
as parents and tech Melissa xscape and
Danielle are doing the Biggest Loser and
they're going to work out and and coming
from challenge challenge so I'm going to
win some money yeah so ever pleases
though the most percentage of their
weight is that what it is yeah because
yeah right
they're starting that today so they
might film a little bit on here but most
of it is gonna be on my dad's too so
yeah go and check that out it's probably
gonna be up surprise it was probably
gonna be very funny and entertaining
yeah a little embarrassing he says the
walls
thanks Mary Kate neither can you good
Jim I try to rub it in what please refer
to our Thanksgiving Oh de vide look at
all the plates and decide you ate less
and you made more okay you guys we just
weighed in if you want to see this video
go and watch his channel dad tailee and
you can see all the behind the scenes of
us doing all that junk we just did that
was fun I got it on my count dawn I
summon him put all this into your
computer and that way every we from the
innervation yeah and I would like you to
do a little graph please we're gonna get
healthy that's what this is all about
help we win the healthy you are the
bigger winner you are I'm going to send
you some chocolate-covered strawberries
your suspect on other door expect
doesn't lots of fun stuff for you guys
cuz you're great friends and what it
what did you I'm gonna send you we're
gonna go to that I'm gonna take you to
the melting pot every week no you're not
all these favorite places can you get in
did you lose enough weight again okay I
want to tell you guys that our friends
Joe and Chris are trying to sabotage me
look what they bought me cuz we were
talking about this earlier but look what
they put in here this was at the gym
waiting for me that's very soon
I will not be the girls will enjoy us
and I these are my fate like two of my
favorite candies I'm not a huge kid she
protecting us as a singer
the food we're like we're sabotaging
each other I told them I'm gonna go and
um what does it send them taco cover
cherries to their chakra covered
strawberries to their house prepared
strawberries chocolate okay fine I'll
find something else I'm gonna send them
certificates to Turkey halfling called
you the great thing every time i eat it
i know in then they have to go and get
it
I'll send cookies to their house that's
not nice but this thing looks
interesting I feel like I'm gonna look
like that after one workout look who's
home from school you guys it's cold I
don't know what she's doing
hey what's up okay don't get it on your
clothes I love it though you made that
in school no we didn't make this oh it
was it looks good paint it red yeah are
you cold
no how are you not gold
oh that is cold I feel it's a perfect
night for a fire although I don't even
know if I can well we're about to go for
a walk because daddy and I are
exercising scary you know you can't stay
here by yourself no one else is here so
you have to come with us
you want to go for a while can we take
the dogs hmm oh that might be a good
idea you see them know their leg that's
a nice honey then you can finish
painting that cuz it probably needs
another coat so we'll wait till you're
done we're gonna exercise you guys I
think that if you think I can make it
eight weeks no I don't either
but I'm gonna do my best you're gonna
try your best let me try your best try
my best
is just trying with your clothes like
this what are you doing I'm doing that
you're going higher I can't
my hot here oh good you ready I'm gonna
be sore lefty Oh need you lucky after
you do both legs that exercise that kind
of vectors know whom that counts as
exercise that counts
stretching I'm gonna be sore from that
tomorrow Haley when I'm complaining
about being sore you can be like I
remember that time when you're trying to
kick your leg up to your head like me
I'm sabotaging mommy
I'm actually doing really well I'm not
angry I don't really want that I'm
getting a reasonable South I'm no
chicken platter and saccharides out
like a Mexican chicken the hard sell I'm
trying so we're a try Robin no YUM hello
everybody so right now I am organizing
my big then do as I wasn't cool yeah so
I no idea what I'm gonna do to it
but yeah yeah here's what it looks like
right now boom
the other thing is so weird okay yeah
don't mind the noise we're cleaning out
the office and we're shredding papers
got it well haven't watched the video or
done the instructions you are turning
whoo geez Louise
thank you just swivel your hips feel
like it's an exercise hmm I gotta figure
it out they show some exercises whoo
like you're surfing oh yeah what are you
three doing excuse me excuse me oh my
goodness gracious you guys want to see
me try this I've been on it for a few
minutes I really don't get it yet I'm
gonna have to watch the video
Haley was way more graceful at it what I
can't hear you because the shredding
that's going on what's going on in here
oh did you let me see you cracked it
just say I'm sorry I know it's okay app
it happens it's okay sorry
we can probably glue it fucking away it
just is it dint well this is holding it
on oh that happens you just know better
next time that you can't use this as a
mmhmm yeah no I mean whatever you are
using it for you're crafty I mean you
know you are you can add those ears like
a cat okay this could be whatever you
want it to be we can leave that right
there
and I bet no one will even be able to
tell and I will superglue it when I get
some super glue will work out with you
honey I was on that for about 10 minutes
like full-on I can't go full-on on day
one need to go quarter on a quarter what
kind of working out way you quit
following me poor
who needs a instructional video when you
got Annie she saw a picture and she's
like oh you can do this too rodeo and
Friday night ping-pong let's go hailey
coming Oh what it warped your Apple
where ya rotten apple
okay
you guys know what Friday night ping
pong means right huh
you know what Friday night ping pong
means right every planting fun on Friday
night yeah you're really smart I and
Sydney and Luke arrived for Friday night
ping pong more those are cute hi oh is
Annie's birthday weekend
what are you doing evening oh nothing
you um whatever it's called your vanity
that's sweet I love that picture she was
in my heart oh that's one of my favorite
pics of you guys called each of you
individually period - hi paper that is
not your moment that's right it's really
pretty
Oh horse that was sweet perfect
nice shot
oh the ceiling it almost went into play
missed can you get it okay
I'm gonna help you out a little bit
your boys having fun dropping on the
table okay go ahead dodge you're going
when you're 13 over here so see what the
girls are doing my board I've been
carrying around everybody it's like a
skateboard only if only you guys
reenacting musical ease that's how it
looked like it was short all right
crisis averted good we got the bleeding
stopped she cut herself on broken glass
but it's okay just a little tiny cut
right she's gonna put this on her
pressure right now go sit down somewhere
we'll put a fresh bandit on it when it
stops bleeding sure child her child your
child when she's doing something she's
not supposed to be doing she's mine when
she's a perfect angel H money we're the
non ping-pong hers for us now go and
watch Buzard bark on Disney okay scoot
over
you two blanket I'll get a blanket
get us a blanket Friday night cuddles
what else we got going on tonight now
I'm gonna play ping pong
yeah neither what is it here in snuggle
they tip your finger okay yeah so some
glass got broken upstairs and Hailey
tried to clean it up oh okay look at I
think it's okay okay good so yeah this
was a fun relaxing day is it does it
hurt you're gonna be able to do bars
tomorrow I'm just kidding as I I just
realized you do have a meet I don't
think it's gonna affect your meet um
question how do you feel about meet
number two
yeah so I got a little bit of a practice
in the morning and then we go to the
meet anything that you want to set goals
for like Danny and I used to say what
our goal was no no Haley is a different
gymnast a nanny yeah do you um are you
gonna try to do better on like a certain
event like not raise us more okay nope
mmm a fiver was that one oh that was a
very graceful Piper your mommy they're
great oh oh
laying on me I love all right well we
should think of a question of the day
because you and I'm a volunteer huh
are you lazier are you like oh where are
you I'm right here late lazy your
outgoing those aren't really opposites
you mean like Oh lazy lazy you're
efficient efficient Mangin you think
outgoing is the opposite of shy well
that could be a good one are you shy or
outgoing out belly
Daniel is definitely more outgoing
hybrids very outgoing I'm more shy
definitely yeah I mean I've gotten more
outgoing a nanny I don't know what
she'll say I think she's definitely more
shy than you but she's become
okay so that's our question of the day
when I throw the question of the day to
the ping-pong or downstairs and we'll
see you tomorrow guys Hailey's got to
get some sleep mm-hmm well my answer is
neither or both you're half in half I'm
happy because I'm really like outgoing
with people that I hang out with like 10
minutes but like when you first meet
them like an app check the hands I'm
pretty showers let's go everyone now
here's some people aren't like that
though about you I am NOT going look are
you shy outgoing
I don't know how is that okay don't
forget to comment down below so you want
to know question the day is are you shy
outgoing mm-hmm hey guys always remember
to celebrate life ah baked potato babe I
thanks for watching
the tailee
