hi for me half as oh I'm in the car from
school and what are we doing today mommy
Wow funny you should ask
we got the microphone working yay
so do you want to try recording and
probably yeah if they didn't watch
yesterday's video you know what we're
coming down um so we what where's this
going like I don't know whose channel
probably ugly channel isn't going on
someone's channels probably either mine
or Annie's and I see if we can do this
by ourselves but what is it we haven't
gone to that part yet
it is jingle bell rock jingle bell rock
we're gonna try to record it sing it and
make a little music video yeah so the
lining is so bad right now
you don't know we can get both of you
recorded and yeah what's this next song
you want to do you cuz you got you got
to go home and practice Annie's been
practicing have you been practicing
okay then you're doing a Christmas song
first and then maybe we'll do something
different No starting to hurt my hand
and my Wisconsin
good never been back since before
Thanksgiving right yeah like your first
day at school kind of almost did you
remember all your friends oh no it'd be
bad if I didn't let you wear your good
looks funny well and whiter day went
well we got to go get Annie and get
started on that project hi friend
what are you doing I thought I was gonna
come in here and get to see you doing
some DIYs oh you're done can I see
Winnie Winnie are you sitting on her DIY
show me where'd you get this container
oh um oh so you've made it out hmm
Winnie Winnie woohoo what are you doing
seriously
who invited you guys in here we're
trying to I clogged and you say that
we're part of a mess no one wants to
hear that yeah so you decorated the
front with an elephant picture and gold
pick win who is it who's bugging you
Gigi Sam it can do anything with you
guys oh my gosh okay come on come on
we're kicking you guys out
Piper's the only one listening come on
Winnie
you guys look at her look at her
Wendy come on anyways gold tape
where'd you get Oh this is Chevron tape
- and you just taped a picture to it
yeah yeah I'm ready oh and it even says
DIY yes a damn lie in it oh and what are
you gonna put in here mm-hmm we could
put crayons colored pencils ah put
Winnie's treats oh how much would you
say she weighs Oh like 100 pounds we
hear that winning literally not kidding
speaking of weight guess what tomorrow
we're doing II know nothing with your
weight no Melissa
no how about me I thank you but it is
you me and daddy and well apples are too
sorry you're right and aunt Melissa and
uncle skip
oh wait timber paddle right there Jill
stay and Mia's mom and dad I think
that's it we're doing come over no we're
doing the Biggest Loser competition
would you want eating things how old are
you so I think we're gonna put that on
daddy daddy's channel so if you guys
want to follow along we got to get in
shape and get healthy so stay tuned
we're gonna weigh in tomorrow chef Alina
there gonna be a winner did you know
that I win money we're putting money in
the pot ah if you help me you help me Oh
give you some of the money
I'll give you lessons look at me lessons
on how to eat healthy I'm not gonna get
my lessons from winning I made all my
cookie all of it yeah use that brought
chick-fil-a today but I do need my
cookie before Jim so he saved it but I
ate all of it and I also got smarty
Smarties from manda um yeah from Europe
cuz I went to Europe I think yeah right
yeah right yeah so they came back today
and they brought everywhere from
Smarties they're not my favorite but
it's about the compass and we also did
secret salmon today well actually once
today they did it a few days ago but i
got mine today because you know I was in
LA but I can't tell you I got because
it's secret but you guys can find out
sooner or later
yeah headed home probably gonna get
Chipotle we haven't had in a while
I gotta get it now dude can I tell how
about I already did but what do you
think about it okay
The Biggest Loser game we're gonna play
right yeah that we talked about earlier
so who's playing me and daddy it was an
uncle skip and miss and me as fair now
is that we've got so is it like muscles
are like weight loss weight trying to
eat and let you get at the end exercise
well we're all gonna put in some money
we haven't decided how much and whoever
loses the most debris they got like a
lot about your weight like the $20 and I
whoever loses the
the biggest percentage by a little way
teams now I don't think we're doing
teacher to them at all but they get the
money at the end but don't you and Daddy
pretty much share money yeah but I get
the money and I can go to whatever a new
person each boat lay after I'm done by
asthma ailment how much money you have
just give me anything you have I'm gonna
try to win I don't care if I win or lose
I just want to sell you're gonna be like
extra dollars and you're getting 20
pounds 20 I don't know if i'ma lose 20
pounds in two months
daddy might know what he's got more
weight yes because he's guys way more
why do i percentage are you hoping I
don't know I've heard you shouldn't set
a goal got a logo that you later
aim for I sell logos within when I
complete that goal I'm like oh yeah I'm
gonna be happy to just lose any maybe a
pound a week so eight pounds okay I
thought you meant a pal and others like
well I don't let evil Izzy's ago I
wanted have a realistic goal what do you
eat like salad you never seen we need to
smell that I'm really not that bad at
you know actually have to imagine keys
and Chipotle okay other ones you need
pretty healthy yeah I don't eat a lot
it's not like she digs out mac and
cheese to bully every meal I wish I
could I would eat what's your favorite
fruit my hair rope I hope you mine a
polite strawberries my favorite oh wait
no that's kind of me so no my favorite
pineapple but I really like pineapple
just make my stuff tomorrow how do you
feel about going home and hurting okay
then again recording Jingle Bell Rock
it's probably that girl sound very good
but there's a good journey
yeah but this is just we're just doing
this for one right right we wanted to
start getting some vocal lessons for you
you know if you want to start singing it
was kind of just to like tell it a
journey if we can do it and you want to
try to you know get some lessons and not
a different song it's just gonna wake up
but is it without a difference on you
I'm actually going Christian oh you are
you wanna do in the studio what if this
turns out really good I still wanna go
yeah we may not be able to get out to us
Judy well guess me yah keepo i follow up
no say no no yep
I think we going now Annie yep you have
a birthday present up in your room from
Ronnie oh oh now if she said her mind
skipper's coming on Thursday who
probably me and daddy and hailey stop my
birthday's on Monday it is but it came
in
oh I know it is it built something you
asked it bills
it is like actually almost Christmas
like all right or on I make need to put
our Christmas lights on and decorate the
other Christmas tree okay I went up to
see you back hey hit the doughnut dough
doesn't hold there's my old desk bed so
you know what it is
the dog just let themselves in I think
that'll keep you organized yes what's
she got on her be Viper you love me yes
yes she does
Wow I've got some organization stuff in
it you like organizing had some cool uh
smells like new all right happy birthday
you've got a few other little things
coming tonight that's what happens when
you have a day near Christmas Tommy so
be it
you kind of get combined presents yeah I
look just you uh-huh EGC yes you do you
see yourself
Oh what an update on my boobies cuz
it'll bruise now look hey look look at
Winnie I didn't let on my bed huh
yeah all your stuff see it's Bruce oh
yeah it's bruising here now I don't know
what you only see but if it shows up I
don't have you can see it slightly
bruising under there and still pretty
red does it hurt is it tender yeah yes
so we didn't you guys didn't train
serious today but you did other things
on the beam that are crazy so you feel
comfortable on the beam okay good
what a kick what's your name again ha
whoa that's how you get tangled in
things my friends my guys guys I don't
want to go on a diet I'm just gonna be
skinny he used to say I don't want to
spend my money I just want to buy things
okay we have run through the first
recording we're all snuggled up on the
couch Haley Phyllis Leigh I'm doing it
again multiple pots so we've got a
deadline we want to get this up in a
week and a day and so daddy's like
piecing it together right now to see
what we like and what we don't like and
it's cold in here so we're all snuggled
I think he's waiting for me you waiting
for me to quit yeah
oh and alone
your sister is sleeping and give me some
blanket okay so we're gonna we're gonna
finish piecing this together and I think
we're gonna go to it again right
you've already sang through it a few
times
always remember to celebrate like ah
database birthday babe thanks for
watching
Vitaliy
