time for me good morning everybody we're
here we're home
don't link they're very away all right
we're going to get home and go back to
sleep
we're getting off right now
and you guys
we get good early it's not quite 6
o'clock in the more
we've been yawning all the way from off
the airport I'm off the plane I say yawn
and they on cover there's young
laughing
and everybody's looking at us being like
wrong flight we're like yeah
it's morning now that's crazy you look
really awake yeah it looks like you were
ready to go walk a red carpet not fair
Haley you would look like you were ready
to wear it walk the red carpet but your
shirt or let me off you don't look like
you're gonna be able to go back to sleep
the plan is a all right no one has
anything to do today until this
afternoon so we're planning on going
back to sleep we go
I know you want to go to school this
morning
now we knew you're gonna miss today that
was all in the plan home sweet home
everybody's gonna curl up go back to
sleep and we'll see you guys later
no today we'll see you today it's gonna
be when everybody wins when everybody's
awake again oh yeah
and that's about it guys it was a good
trip I'm ready to crawl up on this couch
and sleep first how long we have to wait
four or five hours maybe even a good 693
hours we're gonna go to sleep for 93
hours all right get some sleep my little
sweet sweet sweetness everybody's awake
well we've been awake for a lot however
but we ate woke up a little better and
any mope around the house doing stuff
like that mm you ever gymnastic are you
ready for gymnastics
yeah Valeo on do you have a goofy on
what are you doing right now you're
watching videos are the DIY videos
course they are do you want to do some
DIY videos on your channel hi
so it is 257
and we are heading the gym we flex and
flex but for some reason I'm that's
Carson for some reason I'm like still
tired I'm gonna go to jail
hopefully I'm not too tired I mean I
didn't sleep for like four more hours
here do you feel her a little you're
like I feel like I wouldn't feel tired
if I wasn't going to jail you'd be wide
awake yeah I feel like I need to get out
of the house so that's a good thing
she'll make him sleepy
Hailey's back there she is a gym after
me well like in the middle of my gym so
I go she comes in a while I'm going then
I leave and then she leave this makes it
really fun cuz it's really funny cuz I
go
I've been an hour half later she is and
I would half later I get out and Alan
athlete or she gets out so we pretty
much like don't you have three hours
yeah we have to die actually well really
hard but at different times I feel like
it's not even a day like I don't know
what I feel like
like when I woke up I was like what does
it feel like
like I don't know it I feel like it was
so like a day to just sit at home and do
nothing that I'd like a weekend baby
yeah baby I don't know
didn't feel like it was I went to bed
while the Sun was out it was weird
I slept good though in my bed not gonna
lie
guess what Haley's got her second meet
this weekend and then it's Annie's
birthday because everything and then I
have hers me oh my god me season I got
the doggies bye-bye burn a little doggie
down there hi big dog yipping weenie hi
hi meanie you may go home
so how was practice pretty good pretty
good I did on some overshoots and I
don't a lot of well step out except on
my last one I kind of fit the bean bit
the beam and you've got a nice little
strawberry well those are your pants but
you got a little strawberry on the back
of your leg to show for it
congratulations house tomorrow gonna go
when you have to do it how you feel okay
cool
cuz you went up and did it again on the
block beam right and you got it so you
had to do three land three no oh five
tips oh and you made two of five and
then the last one I was either gonna
make three out of five or two out of two
edifies you but you looked really good
like besides beam like your tumbling
looked good and your bars looked good
after a week of no practice feeling good
feeling good okay so we have to be back
here we have an hour
are you hungry should I feed you yes
please
I only decided she's not that hungry
okay you just got done with a practice
so we wanted to do some work around the
mall but I'm kind of laughing at her
because she can't really walk does it
hurt or just stinging stinging you guys
should see it will show you when we get
homes we're going to need to ice it
again with walking helping yep okay so
apparently we're just gonna walk around
the mall because we're not that hungry
usually you're starving after practice
yeah so we're gonna walk go get Haley
and then we'll probably cuz she'll be
hungry home from the gym yes we are we
need to Winnie your fur look so white
did you get a bath we miss you guys so
much
where's your bandana did you take it off
women you look good in life did you get
a bad Oh weird we love our dogs so much
we're just like your doctor did you gain
weight
GG did you blow up she glowed up
she got heavier did they over feed you
GG were you in heaven I want to feel you
but I got full hands we missed you did
you have fun we missed you a lot Oh
Winnie alright we're gonna ice this
thing yeah do you want to see what a
bean bite looks like whoever hasn't
bruised yet but that's what happens when
half your foot gets on the beam it's ice
in a little bit it looks pretty good
I'm afraid tomorrow it's gonna be Brit
booze we have these in our freezer
because they're the best ones Oh
okay nice poop juice
somebody told me and I don't know if
it's true that those were supposed be
chocolate ice cream at originally and
it's poop people that always poop and
put it on the cone so what's going on
over here
what is this Annie do you want to reveal
what that is are you nervous
are you shy are you scared I'm gonna try
and go ahead you can record a more well
starting with a song what type of song
Christmas song so we got the equipment
then we got the okay and we're gonna try
we're gonna try to do it ourselves does
we feel like that's what we should try
to do cuz that's fun and adventurous
check it off the bucket list see how we
like doing it maybe get more and then
maybe do more don't judge us you guys
we're gonna learn as we go because
that's what life's all about trying new
things and figuring it out how am I
gonna hear what it sounds like in your
ear oh wait oh when we were you play it
what year do we have that no I've had
phones so weird seeing we're gonna do
some stuff with the equipment make sure
we know how to do it and then Annie's
going to record in another day or two
I'm gonna film a video yeah
just a basic one nothing cray-cray
cuz we want to get this up before
Christmas as a merry Christmas to you
guys we have washed Haley's hair we're
brushing it and we're multitasking to
get some of the stuff done she did have
some schoolwork to do well it's gone so
flip it over we learned how to borrow
you guys pretty exciting and we're doing
worse that because if you don't know how
to borrow now
maybe they probably all know how to
borrow maybe not but maybe they're going
to learn soon so I'm brushing her hair
too so it can start to dry put the
little part in that's how we do it
getting it all done right at the same
time okay today it's been a crazy day
yes we slept until like noon got ready
for gym you're really concentrating here
three hours of gym homework or bath time
oh wait I skipped dinner dinner bath
time homework bed and see that was
better and you could have even gone a
little bit bigger but that's perfect
okay you're doing great
for the day how do you pay the same okay
that's a good one okay I know my paper
say no is nothing's impossible the world
where itself says I'm possible yeah mine
is C or you have to have the bad days to
have the good ones
well that's a good one um hang it a good
one okay
um mine is Taylor come kill the Kamera
mine is when you think about quitting
think about where you started we're good
friends are like stars sometimes you
okay hmm okay so don't forget to comment
down below cuz we wanna know the
question of the day is what's your
favorite quote hmm yeah like same thing
say what's your favorite you know what
we mean won't sink okay same thing we
will see you tomorrow
it's gonna be a great day just like
today goodbye
you
