hi for me
Serena's been awake for about an hour
and she's starving and halia sleeping
every weekend go get breakfast and bring
her back son
that'd be better no mommy's not awake if
you met mommy let me get dressed and
then we'll go okay okay and he's going
to attempt to eat this banana stacked
hazelnut Nutella waffle gonna spill out
everywhere
good it blended on the plate again
yeah she's awake actually not only is
she awake but Ted today we brought her
feedback and she ate it was it Alicia's
yeah that's mine yeah yeah I take that
shirt off
it's not Sunday anymore is the little
blonde Train ready to depart the hotel
room everybody get in the stable very
clearly blue um so we are going to what
I'm just going to Santa Monica over
action art is long ago but we're only to
the beach but we're like the fun stuff
is to work out so that's one word
yep the girls are missing gym today just
one day of gym while we're out here as
so we're going to go condition they've
got you know I don't know if you guys
I've ever been to Santa Monica but down
there by the pier there's there so they
tell me I thought it was been a speech
but they're telling me this is here too
so anyways we're going down there
they're gonna condition their little
hearts out and we're all wearing black I
don't know why but that just that just
totally happened yeah oh my goodness did
they take off business take out the side
we pull
over it was right here the cider ease
pullover thing they did
I've had a lot fun doing all that
working out stuff so now we're going
down to the beach not to get wet so I
can do a little bit more gymnastics like
back tucks well step out stuff like that
like don't know yet I don't know but it
seems really harder it's so much hotter
out here I did a back tuck like I did I
although I did not almost a sin I like I
made it I don't know I had new backpacks
when I see the struggle I'm like but you
can't see it people are staring at us
just yeah yeah they're like yeah okay
we'll be having a junkie the splinter
works we have like workout pants I'm
gonna make up because it's like really
hot hey why don't you just take your
jacket off we're going down to the beach
to see some gems and I'm not getting
away again because actually today's a
really pretty day but yesterday I froze
today is horrible
got him to go this way they could walk a
little bit more on the beach then we'll
be up there we're gonna get some lunch
and I don't know what the rest of the
day holds hey you lead the way
Thanks we would have been lost without
you
hey this way though okay bye
oh yeah yeah you come on alright see you
later
I'm not laughing here here we couldn't
find it last time we were here because
one day
Yeah right there I think it's here alone
guys why are we out in this weather
what's not over the mouth look yeah
uh-huh
wait we need it you're so funny just
wait we'd be the key hey Lisa oh we
don't walk you oh you guys think it's
gonna be too cold for us yes I did my
song I really do but there's a hot tub
yeah no one's out here only nuts out
here
hey hey not right by the stairs if you
in the room I'm in sweatpants you guys
I'm just saying they're in bathing suits
I'm in sweatpants walkable feel it it
might be the Sun but still good needed
by the song
she's come a long way from screaming
about puddles you guys have watched
these girls grow up before your eyes
they're growing up yeah you guys should
go back and watch all our old videos we
might do that have a little marathon
yeah we should do it like go live or
something and like watch video the old
videos together and react to that means
how cute little Carl Miguel more busy as
usual okay
that's your homework you guys we go home
tomorrow not too late late late tomorrow
night I have a long long day cuz Oliver
well we had one day of the script
yesterday nothing today and then two
meetings tomorrow
well not one meeting and a live event
livestream and then we get on a plane
welcome to our hot tub
what the hot tub what are you laughing
at over here so one said fill in your
phone and type this year for Christmas I
want a and see what it just suggested
well it gave me some suggestions that
weren't anything but one of them was new
so I get Nick so my sentence ended up
being this year for Christmas I want a
new insulin we do need a new end slate
no we just got a new in this like boom
all right girls
back up Annie's got some school to do
sure schools and Haley's got some
spelling and we're gonna start packing
cuz you know tomorrow we go back home
after their of you not me things Oh
school time school school school what
should what subject you working on math
math do you like the school on the road
better than last year school on the road
yeah haven't had an update on your new
curriculum you like it better than last
year's
you're just saying that you really do
you learn in more mmm-hmm your brain
getting filled with more knowledge what
are you working on r1 he's gonna treat
like though he's a cookie treat you just
had a soup snack the soup wasn't filling
he I feel it Toki million I should
school you need cookies and what subject
are you working on my friend spelling
spelling what some words Christmas
listen man I got my own problems in life
your problems yeah you told me that
yesterday what any you problem he told
me that say the truth comes out they
have problems you guys they are weird
crazy loud kids and sometimes I tell
them they have problems and issues then
she just say up any youth problem she
was so bouncing off the balls last night
I was going to sleep you were trying and
I am glad you're watching videos under
thumb busted going to sleep so we got
buzz fizz echo choir chemist stomach
Christmas character November and
December what are some crazy words ah
Annie yeah you have problems math
problems yeah
Thank You Haley thank you for humoring
me John I was drowning
does that mean you're Johnny like much I
know it word she was trying to say but
why was I drowning because I was in my
Joe so you had to like pull me out yeah
you saved me and excited Caleb you did
he told that story so many times like
the scariest moment of his life when he
almost drowned in the wave pool is it I
saved him like I did you see him I would
like me why jumping up and down grabbing
people said help it wasn't like that
you couldn't say like that what she was
like I think you've done it to you're
injured in your head and then you're
like daddy uh-huh
damn to do it Oh period oh okay look
he's like hey daddy
I think you need some help he came out
to me and he was like I kind of freaked
out lock it again if only we lived in LA
we would walk in them all the time for
probably not if we had a car we drive
yeah they've had really
I don't know if we had a car we would
drive it and here
okay so we're going to be John G we're
going to dinner with him uh I'm wearing
a super cute outfit um are we have a
look at Haley's family money did my hair
and this is like my favorite um hair do
you ever just you know clothes wearing
you at least spin it around spin around
but doing new outfits nice you guys can
get more information in these outfits
cuz they did it oh oh yeah we did
oh when I would love to edit that well
we were sitting at my hotel just now
alright so um I guess I'll be editing on
the plane Wow good job baby
this is our restaurant and it's called
um oh ye old King's Head restaurant it
is a British pub so annie get your
British accent out of your pocket
astonishing get it out of your pocket
swallow it and use this
so you can use it
well then it'll just honey oops
you guys say Adi does re not I'm wearing
my auditors right now I run my audio
only reason we know how to say Adi does
in a British accent is because we watch
Megan from was she on trees must air and
we were watching her video and she said
Hadid Oz and I'm like oh that is the
most awesome thing that I've ever heard
in my whole I'm when my aunty doors
tennis shoes yes let's see those outfits
of the day outfits of the evening
because we did literally literally just
get dressed like an hour ago
ask your mum did and I did not use a
comb to get this part I don't know how I
did it I just put my little fingers in
there and we got like the perfect part
Haley did her own hand guys Haley washed
her own hair we're gonna try to do your
hair I'm hoping that it's as good as
this one no pressure mother
mum mum I think we're gonna put some
curl in it some big soft bouncy curls
but anyway Haley washed her own hair
today and she let it naturally dry
without even really combing it and this
is what we got and I think the curls
look absolutely beautiful she looks like
Ashley oh yeah Ashley from a / I saw
somebody that's a con musically they
said love your extensions Annie they
thought you're not wearing extensions
yeah but it along they thought you were
she's all natural raw tonight guys wait
it's getting long at one point it was
like no first first and you remember
when you cried when you got your bangs
first it was like you had about one
point mine was here look no it wasn't
are you guys pumped how long has it been
so we seen him too young to what and a
half yards to yas and a half Oh British
accent to you let it go yeah we can't
get to him cuz the crosswalk won't let
him he's already here you know what
Annie stop it stupid
me party can begin group I miss my
anything there we go party to the
parties here welcome back thanks it's
been a long time I was just in the
Philadelphia Airport a few days ago and
I was feeling so sentimental cuz I would
always eating back there when I was
coming to see you guys
zero is there an America store there
yeah there yeah
they have some new merchandise okay
where Taylor makes a straight 2.0 mic
you have to come to our house oh yeah we
saw Mikey we're going here afterwards
because it's a little store that only
sells British food so we can go get a
bunch of weird like British um yes cuz
your dad told me we're going to London
next one how's that rumors get started
rumors get said yeah that's sturdy armor
Star Wars awful tea that's true if I
didn't couldn't get my camera out fast
enough she ordered in her are they
looking could you look they look she
look at you crazy because earlier we
walked in here with Jesus American axe
do you watch any British shows where
where did you learn that beautiful
nuanced British accent yeah where do you
hear it I believe they do it yeah very
very is on our video when they do
everybody always says that's not how we
talking so posh yeah they say they speak
in a proper British accent which is posh
I don't know I guess you're gonna have
to like watch more I gets everyone that
we traveled around and learn about
smoking a British accent since they were
still kind of Britain that's true party
goes hard our favorite Betsy Ross your
talked about her earlier clear off the
flag we love that states we've been
thinking about you after dinner
we came to this British candy store we
got British candy and now are we doing
not REI ticket space ice cream right oh
we're going to space you guys doing a
little dessert for all thanks
what yeah we closed that store down she
just locked it let get how the way they
get space food up into space so it
doesn't go bad as they take all the
water out of it and it's just weird
light like flaky brick of ice cream and
you put in your mouth and it sort of
just comes to life and melts in your
mouth it's pretty cool my favorite is
the Neapolitan but uh we get back no
it's not gonna melt because they took
all the water out it'll all make sense
and and you'll be like okay they also
have weird like like space lasagna too
but we can skip that I'm not skipping
that it's dessert Italian dessert from
our British dinner ah
Hema peppers
good to eat like that on the moon
yep that's as we got it we got the goods
I got the chocolate chip ice cream
thank you I'm in chocolate I guess all
the Neapolitans Oh only got one two or
one yeah there's scrambled eggs do we
need a raspberry crumb boy not just in
case I mean we're aggressive people huh
we need add water than this this is too
much oh no we don't want to do that this
is simple ready to eat no drip no mess
it's not ready
did I leave one in case someone else is
on a mission for space ice cream tonight
yeah just worries I feel bad you would
feel really bad I don't know how you
would find out but if you did yeah wow
so nice of you
yeah I got you we got for my chocolate
chips for mint chocolate chip did we
leave some mint chocolate chips yeah
there's a lot okay me more Mitchell all
right good good we're cold but we are
feasting here it is a space ice-cream
party package very carefully she likes a
chocolate kind so she needs that
chocolate feeling strawberry all right
so start with chocolate oh you were big
this piece I haven't had this kind in a
long time space have you had one yeah
I've had it when I was little when I
live near NASA when I was little
are you an astronaut mmm I also would
say way thank um wait you think oh I
think it's delicious
good huh eyes really good thank you
legit right mm-hmm raising Haley huh
should we try the chocolate in the hotel
are you gold mm-hmm oh my god what a day
all of our dessert and all of its glory
song halt it is a solid halt Haley wants
to collect magnets instead of postcards
I told her she can't keep changing her
mind on what she wants to collect magnet
forever
mmm-hmm madness I tried to get to get
her to read collect magnets last time
and she's like no and then we decided
paws cards and now it's all act like
magnets Oh got a few minutes all right
so we got a few min Heusen accident
Haley didn't realize when you like
movies though right I really need to try
that hey are you gonna eat strawberry
let's try it try that
I'll try it oh it looks like a cheese
puffs hi to me feel um um I'll like it
you know mm-hmm I'm gonna chase it down
on the door cookie now I'm not good
Oh Lou its crunch if I'd why do you
think Billy good very strong whatever
cheese wait now it's better
I think the crunch just threw me off or
we're no I haven't tasted that yet
is it weird the crunch is a very strong
cheese
well the crunch threw me off but now I'm
tasting the cheese it's sort of like
it's rare that I don't I'm not tasting
what he's tasting right now like I can't
speak to me comfort do you like cheese
it's it literally tastes like a crazy
cheese it mm-hmm if you think about it
that way you like overly strong Jesus
and not a goldfish or cheeto a cheesy
look crunch on the right to really threw
me off uh it feels like is that good
Hayley mullick French it tastes like
Jesus it's not weird
oh well then it is really good when you
get I'm eating the tea that I'm eating
cheese it it's like a cheesy I'm eating
a G hmm you got to the cheese part you
do a G's it know what I'm walking down
to the magnet mmm
who's that bad hey sorry guys I threw
you guys all off that crunch got me
variety is the spice of yeah well I was
not good hmm see I have the taste taste
of cheese in my mouth mmm and then
during water yeah that's weird
freeze dried pears apples peaches
bananas strawberries and red grapes
would you get a little bit of everything
you mmm that's good I feel we could go
to space right now or camping is amazing
really right hmm right a control mama is
that even there
good thing we have a backup pack of just
strawberries mmm
this is weird
you look great I know raisins are just
grapes mmm yep they're what raisins
he's not kidding to be fair happens I
say you are don't try it
I anything oh okay I get that thank you
so much Wow Haley don't see you want to
sleep over there no we don't ask them
you just said don't try it without us oh
that piece is way too aggressive
all right Cheers salud all right set
outer space for next adventure
no hmm oh not weird uh I got those
chocolate chips probably they come out
before like collapses I'm do this whole
thing disgusting mm-hmm
how did you end up you gotta go with her
hmm ready you give up over there there's
only one way to get rid of that flavor
with some moon well that's a wrap on
today's dessert adventure
today's video is brought to you by NASA
a hashtag hashtag not really ready
they're coming for dad take shelter
hashtag run hashtag help me pack bag
don't edit this out the people need to
know the truth
hashtag are you listening hashtag L fell
this video going to be called hashtag
most fun you guys hashtag what a
question of the day again the hashtag
not come in peace
what's your favorite alien yeah Marvin
the Martian what you babies well it
could be anyone favorite planet Saturn
Saturn cuz you just in the solar system
or entire universe just an our solar
system okay narrow it down a little like
Neptune because some people said it
Pluto is not a planet it is those people
are wrong okay because you can't just
call something a planet and then say
nevermind like Pluto's chillin it was a
planet for a long time really so much
sciences planet that's not cool
doesn't not go Pluto it will always be a
planet in my heart that see what you did
there do you see what you did there
Haley okay um Saturn of the Rings either
Venus or Mars Oh both great choice mmm
you got one over there why sorry Anna um
kids used to do but hey Anna you're
getting beat later because there was
something at you John G left and we are
you talking today but we kind of didn't
say goodbye so we decided to say goodbye
don't forget to count down Lucas
you wanna know the question that is
what's your favorite planet by Turtles
Flavia always remember to celebrate life
ah thanks for watching
Vitaly
