hi for me cuz knows what happens when
they sleep without my place what I pie
you did sleep with it with a blankie
yeah but that was not good look how
clean it is no she couldn't find a
blankie last night and with a little bit
dramatic but you made it you're standing
here the day after Thanksgiving you're
giving your blankie up to super v walk
behind it from me I'll be like here it
is you got to get rid of it no he
wouldn't do that alright so we've got
our couches rearranged we just finished
that well I shouldn't say we
he just finished that Oh yep you're
gonna we're gonna laugh at you v fall so
bed to make room for the Christmas tree
we are going to a decorate for Christmas
because we can now my turn Christmas
music on like up pops cover your mouth
oh she does have a cough that both of
them do um it's kind of goes away so we
want Black Friday shopping last night if
you guys didn't watch yesterday's video
I'm never going Black Friday shopping
with them again because all we bought
were Christmas decorations each crease
me and I couldn't do it hit my Christmas
shopping for them we can sing Christmas
songs we could put Christmas stuff out
we got a clock
UK any Mesa medicine okay I'll go find
some who's excited
making sure that right let me know where
it is that we were the problem is that
they don't all line up yeah who might
want to do that on every level who does
this on real trace you guys enjoying
ourselves
watchin some TV um daddy now let me down
a laugh right now it's on top really
climb down the ladder that's what you're
watching I did and it was like last five
minutes um it was how to make a
Christmas tree so we got this tree going
we got the top of this one going
commercial freaking we've got the top of
this little guy going and then they're
gonna decorate their little hearts out
you guys remember all this from last
year or you a new subscriber this year
and you haven't seen bratayley x'
Christmas special Matt in Japan you know
it's all done but we go flip off the
very top
oh you can do it this was your idea
it'll hit the wall nope
you'll hit Daddy's arms she's crazy
twin Oh a big white fluffy thing oh you
want in oh uh I thought you wanted
outside you want in here gosh I was so
confused you guys aren't coming in here
till I sweep all these this up what
sorry my friend
give me ten more minutes yeah it's
officially that time of year I don't
even say all the things that I'm saying
it is not cold outside we sure like to
pretend got some hot chocolate
we got what else we have we we have an e
decorating her little Christmas tree
it's coming along it's Christmassy in
here
it's Christmas messy Christmassy Oh
already see yeah let's go here okay yet
no no decorations are on it yet just the
tree because here's the box of Christmas
stuff oh my goodness I love it okay
stops or the reindeers on soldiers
misery on top my snapchat ghost has a
Christmas tree oh your snapchat guy
everything so Christmassy and I got
these on if it does like that bar those
hanging down
oh okay I see what you're saying you
wanted to see it it looks good and here
such a very Christmassy
they still fit you from last year look
at all the yeah got your countdown going
thought we bought that for the house no
okay then you owe me more money for that
because I put that on mine oh it's on
try me
we had a switch it it looks good in here
it looks really good in here just gotta
clean up why my eyes off is my he's
wearing a tie
stop it up hilarious
well it's cuz it's a lady's eyes what do
you guys think didn't you had a good job
she's got her Christmas sweater on now
she decorated all by herself this guy is
probably going outside
we were just oh we were just waiting
until giving you guys a tour insert
Christmas music here
that moment right now what's a sad
moment let me here I mean here how sad
this is where my supposed to be you
weren't born when we got would be sad
why am I telling Galen hmm me it's just
the wait am i her daddy that's right
that's because it's curved like that I
started with the most important are you
guys um no other way I'm gonna go on The
Biggest Loser
we're having our own Biggest Loser no
yeah like and we're gonna get a
healthier we're gonna do it with some of
our friends stay tuned for that we're
probably gonna film about that on
daddy's channel I jingle Christmas
spirit we're taking a little break
you're snuggled up on the couch all the
dogs sick Annie stop being sick
we're watching old Christmas movies like
Frosty the Snowman from like forever ago
from when I was a little kid we got
blankets in and Christmas however look
at the sweet baby
don't shoot me yes which is all stuff we
didn't get the Christmas ornaments on
the tree yet we kind of sadly got tired
we're all not gonna happen we're gonna
we're going to just sit here until we
get motivated to work again that's not
gonna be anywhere times then oh no time
soon we're just gonna do this all day
well hot chocolate yeah we've got Annie
some hot chocolate but you know it's in
the name and it's hot I mean yeah yeah I
hailey already drank hers oh yeah well I
don't like it I I don't know if you put
ice in it who is it hot I don't know
don't follow me
don't drip it on that sweet little
precious dog down
good perfect
hyper blankie out of your face this is
probably what we're gonna do a lot of
the for the next couple hours maybe and
then and then we got to get busy on that
tree and the other tree we got I don't
know if you can see under there we've
got up we're missing a few stockings
there I don't know where they are just
see you guys know what yes this is what
I think of Christmas exactly on account
of hot chocolate watching movies
warm blankets in my dog just Christmas
hmm with the Christmas tree lights on
what do you not think this Christmas
what weed yesterday cuz that would have
been Thanksgiving hey hey Winnie got the
right weather it looks like it's like
winter out there here's is the pink one
why is the purple nope
Caleb's is purple yours is blue mine's
purple
no thanks down the horse okay well I'll
switch that I just throw them up there I
don't know where the other two stockings
I don't know where the puppy stockings
are and then we got to get Gigi one so
apparently I've got to get three more
stockings as we lost the dog stockings I
wonder well there's two more boxes that
there's that box on the other box maybe
they're in there he Thanksgiving
leftovers making some meals what we have
it is turkey with mashed potatoes on top
with cheese on top that fantastic sounds
delicious so we've successfully sat
around all day yes and now we're gonna
eat some dinner what else
look guys still nothing on that tree but
come take a little tour of this the
girls worked on this a little bit
where's Annie they got as high as they
could without a ladder so we got to
bring the ladder back up here and finish
they couldn't reach pass there this is
one of my favorite part to seeing all of
her ornaments from years past you guys
remember this whose hand is that comment
down below if you remember from last
year there's that boy
first grade Haley's older this your
Starbucks cup where's your Starbucks cup
from last year we tried to get a new
ornament every year there it is yes hey
I made this
that last year yeah your old school this
was Haley's first Christmas right here
is a baby said this was Caleb's first
Christmas
Annie's first Christmas it's broken
what were we film that last year's been
broken for a few years
sad these are our new ones so far this
year I got this glyph for the boy for
Caleb because we know he would have
loved that yeah this is squishy squishy
squishy
hey Mitch my design pretty much hers
theirs baseball's over here's the stuff
that hasn't made it oh look here's the
gymnast Oh Nani sent these one year was
it last year yeah some Louisiana
ornaments this is the ones that still
remain to be put up the star need to be
put up oh we got to find a spot for this
it's broken
I hate when things break hmm I don't
even remember buying this where'd this
come from we could find the piece that'd
be great
faceball Cinderella carriage Annie's
green bay chair
next Caleb Zebrahead this was mine from
when I was little Christmas 1982 whoa
not there I was born
oh come on focus here Oh when I was two
Hayley's cute you bought that for you
probably mom here's an e labeled just
says Julian on the back I don't know
labeled where is she where is that
little girl Annie knock knock knock II
that does it you in here playing and
make it so it won't come off well that's
the point is with the stage Oh
like uh oh my dr. Hook's again like I
don't want to use red I'm not natural
enough for what I was like okay let's go
y'all there's like all this looks good
but you gotta do let me take it off and
then no no oh oh yes well at least it's
doing its job supposed to stay on
so we're so Christmassy yeah yeah look
at him
Haley decorated her room too oh look I
know in the dark looks great yeah
Christmas okay this is so much fun
whoa what are those likes to look good
all right let's go eat dinner it's been
ready for a few minutes I'm okay tella
peanut butter and I'm making a Nutella
on the bread like a little Nutella no no
no telling a little peanut butter no
like like I'm making a little mute
elephant container on this oh are you
gonna come watch the movie with us okay
still you guys it's the end of the day
we're all settling down to watch a movie
we've gone nowhere today which does not
happen very often
we're all men snuggle up right Winnie
Winnie you're not up here yet because
you can't you're not allowed on the
couch you guys shouldn't be on the couch
why when there's food you actually
shouldn't have food on the couch it's on
a plate mm-hmm a plate on the couch
anybody got any question of the day
ideas so we can what you're here at
midnight snack
oh what'd you lose oh we've got so many
good suggestions since we have been so
Christmasy all day I'm gonna vote for
daddies what's your favorite Christmas
movie mine is elf online bow to the
Snowman Frosty the Snowman
the Santa clothes good well Rudolph the
Red Nosed Reindeer yeah cuz I could name
a ton more like there's the Grinch home
alone oh there's so many good ones but
I'm still gonna stick with um help elf
it's hilarious ok you guys so we'll see
you guys tomorrow as always when he got
up here after all we're gonna call it a
day say good bye Winnie all right you
guys comment down below
yep nailed it Hayley always remember to
celebrate like ah baked potato babe I
thanks for watching
Vitaliy
