hi for me
good morning everyone Happy Thanksgiving
why are you there so we slept in our
fort
last night yeah he made it for us we
kind of helped not really we were up
here we were supportive but we slept in
it and me and Hayley tomorrow are gonna
go all things I mean all Christmassy
stuff but first it's Thanksgiving aunt
Melissa and Mary Kate and their family
is are coming over like an hour so then
we're gonna yes we are setting the table
we have light this is all we have we're
gonna have it this off and put it over
there or something but we are ready to
set it and all Dre would you like to
film us setting the first plates down I
know this doesn't happen very often you
can leave you can leave that there oh
thanks traditionally we spend
Thanksgiving with Sydney and family and
we went to Myrtle Beach this year but
they left us this so we pop that in that
was really nice of them um lighting the
candles Annie you don't set the table
very often do you
actually I don't think she's ever set
set set the table because we don't eat
at the table looks good perfect
all done
one two three four five six seven eight
calm hip eight people why are you saying
good you got a plate I got eight plates
because there's eight people
oh gosh you are so cute and you are so
cute
okay I want to show them my poncho but
you hold that not sure about a poncho
you guys all right you have a bunch of
the word I love it myself you all of my
neck and then I got the Velociraptor
okay I do think I got it right like a
boss Rogers this one every job but I
don't want her to drop you either I
never do that we're not wrestling admit
what you think of me yeah all right um
it's not done I know this is your first
time but we also need some Forks some
napkins some glasses now she's moved on
to the cranberry sauce yeah she set the
table oh she's done you can't give it
you set the table you did a quarter of
the can I liked how Danielle and Haley
aren't even down here employee we
calling this one for dinner what do we
want to call this lunch else to
Thanksgiving dinner no is Thanksgiving
dinner okay hey Danielle and Haley
Thanksgiving dinner's ready who's ready
to eat some yummy food ani wake up honey
can I come to play catch angry yeah we
need it cut you guys this is tradition
not only do we have the canned cranberry
sauce we also have
that party regular pan Barry this is my
favorite though I'm not gonna lie there
they are
you guys ready to eat okay I'm asking
everybody what they're thankful for this
year so you better start thinking you
can say it on here too much Annie put
nameplates out your name plates out so
you guys can find your name and pick
your seat or not pick your seat and sit
down
Who am I in charge of yeah hey hey bud
yay we're mine yeah there and it
Melissa's that Oh Madre it looks
beautiful
so it looks great a buffet so they'll
get comfortable
see I did it I did a little bit of
Mother's gravy okay I'm not gonna be
able to eat anyways I just put it guys
we're having ribs and turkey some what
Turkey there you go we need to get a
four-person gosh-darn Thanksgiving wrong
oh yeah yeah after she does her
auditioning with Mary Kate's a wrestler
you guys have you didn't know and
Thanksgivings hard on wrestlers Chris
and Christmas or the holidays a lot of
skin Jenner halloweeners hard on
wrestlers starts following thank you all
for coming to my wonderful Thanksgiving
I called it wonderful could of
self-proclaimed wonderful build up it is
one a visit late
wonderful cuz we're all together it's
like filled with gravy and Hayley this
solid turkey and mashed potatoes over
there and what can mac and cheese I
think though she's already got any money
hungry hungry
okay we're thankful for first one is my
family yes we made the cut
second friends their food okay don't
worry Kate um rustling oh yeah and
gymnastics
food my family and my friends in Texas
All Right see ya the Texas in general
I'm thankful for the big state of Texas
quite a B Texas way to be Haley what do
you think bull bar hmm and silly yeah
not you you guys hung out with Danielle
and Sarah for like an hour me true she
did say family but Mary Kate gets to be
separated from that yes in any good I
mean I did make it off and forth without
anybody's help family hmm I should have
gone I should have gone first cuz now
I'd be like dream repeating everybody
family family ah noogie this anyone
thankful for here air there's a good one
where they wonder one direction I love
you like all the direction and leaner
DiCaprio I'm gosh thankful for nice
things to look at me yeah was it good
the only ones to me I mean cranberries
hey cuz you put like 40 pounds of
cranberries on your place yeah they're
all gonna be whining later
well me magnetically wow thank you
mmm Mary Kate's like I'm not is not only
day off I'm not doing anything like it's
pretty pretending to eat it's my only
day off you can put a block away okay
mom
that's a workout no I can be over show
I'm getting any children you ginger
raises I want to see this you're the
belly full of cranberries
jessa hydrate herself no this purpose
again to Tori Tori mess it alright I
only did a fine but you're a piping Paul
okay wrong y'all doing a game up
I get the thingamajig in weeks Oh watch
the have you push it working off the
turkey dinner one two three four five
keep YUM
you did it one two three four my turn
come on I'm ready
Winnie it's over Thanksgivings over you
missed it
alright time for the doggies
Thanksgiving good says she won't catch
it
Piper will try to attack it and when
he'll just gracefully catch it Oh for
the head yes you should try to be as you
finally tried Piper is so like serious
about her waist chest boisterous Hayley
tell everybody what you just asked me so
Thanksgiving dinner gets cleaned up I
haven't even made it to dessert yet and
you want to get the Christmas
decorations yeah okay okay oh yeah yeah
help no we didn't ask for hurt oh you're
not tall Danielle is tall
y'alright she can help you Oh
Oh with the magic 8-balls oh the magic
8-ball didn't say that he was this
happens so what's the plan tonight we're
gonna try to go black white and healthy
I'm scared we're doing Christmas Black
Friday shopping that's you that money I
like Christmas decorations all right no
I don't know I've gone Black Friday
shopping the last two years and never
brought the kids
nevermind it would be fun with this crew
so yeah here you know you people are
people like pushing I'm like running
into the store and grabbing the movie is
not like them yet it's a lot of people
everybody like I didn't she win he did
not like that so we're thinking about it
cuz I think it would be fun with this
crew I don't think we'll get much
accomplished she gets it in a second ago
before I turn the camera on my nail
America of a saint giving the exercises
continued Gigi we're gonna drain her not
to bark while we do this game God she
wins on TV but I didn't think it was a
real thing it's just hard to get out
what like juicers they get this thrown
back you have to squeeze it watching
football drinking fresh orange juice and
something else back there what's he
doing blah blah so you kill some of the
skin off and then and then now you just
punch it right I just stick a knife in
it and then you know we're giving wubble
bubble another tie long time ago our web
of Bubble Ball broke so we got a new one
we're going to try a say it's stronger
than a
this was the Chinese kids up I can tell
they're ant-sized
oh yeah that's good but I say that's
good it's like anyone anyone I think
that's good this how do you know what
are the instructions say hi
overinflating a bubble bubble push you
over there
Kent you Livonia and push it back up hey
volleyball volleyball it to me hey don't
squeeze it
hey volley it look at this way oh my
gosh don't use your ring yeah and just
like a job no commercials do they yeah
Annie oh that's creepy
apparently they said you couldn't move
try you guys see if you can keep it up
in the air not to yourself Annie keep it
up we got a challenge we're trying to
get this upstairs oh no by hitting it we
got to slow it up there neither we're
gonna break something
ah so we decided to go a Black Thursday
shopping this Thursday why they call it
black
like why black Black Friday no actually
hopefully I still can find Christmas
stuff but if not we're going on Saturday
to look for Christmas stuff and I'm also
braiding mary-kate hair
I'm andrée for her wrestling tournament
is she going I've kind of nervous but if
I buy this stuff then I want to be fine
yeah but with people who were bratty
Annie
but yeah if I find Christmas stuff we'll
be fine
Madre mía why when I grew up reveal I
wanna go so yeah I'm really nervous
because if I first I'll ever and um I
think it's a lot of people's first time
MKZ every time yeah my first time hailey
it's your first time Danielle about your
first time in Bali
nope I've got my third year my first
time better boy money just goes by
yourself no I don't I go with Sydney's
dad and now he's not here don't have to
go with you guys oh wow look look at the
parking lot you guys oh boy you're gonna
find a parking spot ah you're never like
this ever there's like no one parking
here you sure oh yeah I heard I change
my mind
look at me ride the line because the
store just opened its it I changed my
mind
let's go back home it's like we walk in
like our first step and everybody likes
trampled on okay so I don't know I'm I
guess I can't shop for you guys for
Christmas first time cuz normally I come
shop for you guys but it is in like
almost over a week but I just had the
shop for other people and shop for you
guys later
and Jay how you feel Haley you ready for
this are you ready we're doing Black
Friday together what am I gonna do I
can't shop for you
I wasn't there you gotta close your eyes
I'll just walk around like this with you
know okay we ran you guys if you want to
get the good sales you got to move quick
ready pretty late
you don't know how to do this you have
to run I'm gonna find the door busters
Devan something already that's not ugly
that's not Christmasy it's not
Christmasy oh that's pretty ugly
I don't like Hasson oh I used to like
cats what I turned it off for you bet
the kid that's all I am the cameraman
$3.00 just why would I get it
you guys are cramping my style I would
have moved through this whole store like
not studier just chatting with you okay
you guys we just conquered our first
store I don't know am i it might be
their only store but we did it we got a
few things you we saved some money we
saved like $200 thank you thank you
thank you yes back how do you feel about
your first black fight Friday it was
accessible we didn't get trampled on we
didn't get pushed I'm a new crisis there
was only one rude lady
I almost got my toes run over cuz
apparently I was in her way
I thought our cart got stolen but it
wasn't my sister to carry so success
maybe her plan was to steal it but then
it will be said hey oh you have the
coaches called man that looks really
weird this is a Santa carries his toy
who is that uh yeah he got mad at me
yeah I just didn't want him to hit my
car boy who won't do
I think you said about oh yeah you did
fresh hands okay all about what really
happened in the world right that really
happened I got harder okay yeah we're
gonna take out we don't get luck where
are you in conversation
I don't know guy was mean to me it was
it mean so I just gave him that cocky
huh rosy cry hi how are you I hunt
because it would be quiet cuz he might
hear me you are dead no he okay he was
backing up cuz he wanted a parking spot
and he didn't see me and he was going
and he kept backing up little by little
and I'm like oh I don't know if he sees
me so I just honked and he wasn't it not
like that I honked at him I turned
around and he lipped a bad word and I'm
sorry I think that's them right there
let's go let's go let's go I think
they're still there and they probably
heard me telling the story oh she put it
on Haley these aren't your size my
friend what about this with that perfect
we're not gonna have your size we an
extra small she's taking selfies imagine
that we're bummed because they don't
have these in our the girls sizes I
don't they didn't have this in an extra
small right here that's not that's not
it
my friend okay so it's time to measure
today and we just went shopping
you watch Friday Black Friday amazing or
the first time ever a lot of people um
when it's some question of day it's time
for the question right what do you think
before we already told you guys what we
were there for so I would love to hear
what you guys are see ya
don't forget to comment down below cuz
we want to know the question is what do
you think before bye bye doodles
always remember to celebrate life ah
baked potato bake bake bake thanks for
watching
Britt Ailey
