time for tally well good morning to you
too Annie so how do you feel about
today's Wednesday practice normally
Wednesday is a short quick practice
today it's a really super long practice
long practices are hard
it's only a long practice because we had
two short practices yesterday because
coach Mary was out of town and then what
tell everybody what's mad and she's
gonna call it cover and fake sneeze oh
you you held that fake sneezing I call
her fake pieces because I don't sound
real sometimes I sneeze big I'm not
gonna be like a big girl yeah I didn't
do my hair will meet you or don't be
wait my never be late
I've only is nine minutes okay so why is
today's practice so awesome tomorrow's
Thanksgiving my god oh yay so you get a
like a break so it's okay that today is
a long practice cuz you gotta squeeze in
all that exercise and conditioning and
I'm what else you guys I'm really what
now I knew back then you get a break
exercise auditioning what else do you do
their nasty good okay let's go I get to
pull her hair up the ponytail um cut if
you guys want to see Haley in her
natural habitat
move slowly don't approach don't feed it
see if you do all those instructions
she'll just lay down who are you or what
are you yes you I am your reindeer so
that's what it is on your PJs you're
winning
oh man did you hear that Winnie made fun
of you again no I'm happy if you just
give me a treat everything will be
forgiven what are the big plans for the
day oh it's bright Sun you know what I'm
going to get done today I'm going to get
my tooth my temporary crown they're
putting the real one on today
ah no it's good well I mean yes it gonna
be fake but it's gonna be permanently in
there can you guys believe it I've had
this temporary one in for a while so I
better go get ready for the day I got a
knee to the gym you go do that you're
gonna hang out with daddy and then
Thanksgiving break well your
Thanksgiving breaks already started but
Annie's officially starts tonight hey
use it okay guys I got my tooth fixed
should I show um let me see I have
everything's in it yeah I think I think
it matches way better than the other one
I think it does hey I didn't get much
better oh wait what am I not my face is
still numb well yeah it looks really
funny hang on okay you ready
it looks matches pretty well so I have a
fake permanent tooth and I have a Winnie
I have a Winnie yes we have a winnings
so that wasn't that bad getting us
getting a crown the process of getting a
crown wasn't as bad as I thought it
would be or that dental
work now I give us some lipstick on and
what lipstick on or lip glows on because
you know the dentist's probably doesn't
want to go lip gloss all over his hand
I still feel funny with my um look numb
just right here oh I can't feel that and
then right up here into my nose I can't
feel that can't go my gum done it's done
you guys Haley we're going to lunch to
celebrate my new tooth you want to go
you have to go cuz you can't stay here
by yourself
daddy's editing and when he's done we're
going oh it's one of the restaurants
where you can color on the table I am
their job Nate you will be on a day whoa
I don't remember that oh yeah I forgot
wait a second you're gonna color on the
menu when you have the whole day right
each other ability but you brush your
teeth right I did ask you about that
good keep those pearly whites pearly
white pearly white it's ok your hair
isn't formal your hair hair is clean
which is a good thing
can we do the mom thing where I lick my
hands
Haley thinks she can change her name
fancy Frankie Frankie
oh you put you know no are you gotta
have an arm there
she's not your neighbor start with an
ass so we came up with fr egg and cake I
just felt like your fake name you're
right
alright so we've come to Sam's we need
to do a little shopping there's some TVs
from Christmas that's pretty TV Oh what
I need that I need that put her in put
her it oh she doesn't work let's put
this back well this is the broken ball
just put it there alright we weren't
gonna get the oh my gosh it moves this
is a broken model we need a refund for
these of the Shelf bully you were the
last one though I didn't see any more
like you you're one of a kind
Hey what I should have had that one
of-a-kind sure yeah you do have a one of
a kind all right what do we need in here
me one of everything
can you imagine if we went up to the
register and be like I need one of
everything please all right guys
I let him turn some Christmas tree
lights on because we're not the foe cuz
we're not the first ones there's
Christmas tree Christmas lights down
there if you can see them and we've got
some in the front now goes all the way
up
we've got more but these are the ones
he's working on right now nailed it
they're going up here they go are you
think pipe that ones color ball that
one's red and white that's exciting you
see it TJ you got great Thanksgiving you
want to clean up the pit I sneeze like I
bet you did Merry Christmas Merry
Christmas everybody
I'm gonna post tomorrow about
Thanksgiving and the next day I'm gonna
post something about Christmas fantastic
are you ready to be Thanksgiving I am
ready thankful and you're ready to eat
Oh a dinner like even Thanksgiving
dinner oh that's not our car look at my
lips they're all chapped I really need
to go upstairs and clean like out my
room and stuff but every time I like go
up there I put like one thing away and
then I'm like that I don't want to do
this I'll just do school like I really
need to think like to motivate me but I
don't know I don't want to like I want
to do it but then I had like no idea
where to start like it's so bad
and I'm trying to like clean it out so I
can i decorate it for Christmas because
Thanksgivings tomorrow but I really just
don't want to it's really messy you like
not like all over the floor messy the
light cluttered all that
oh all that all that that's pretty good
but I'm gonna put some this stuff on
that cuz that's gonna be like my
Christmassy stuff I'm really really
nervous if I were ever to go Black
Friday shopping I'm just so scared like
we might go like you might try but a
pound of nervous I don't think I don't
think I hope the courage to do that it's
just like there's a line in the
background but he was just like my
Christmas tree hung ornaments on his
mane I be cute so I guess I'm gonna try
to clean my room out might take me a
while Hayley's home from jam and I'm
cleaning my rooms I've got that done by
desk and I've gotten that done but
here's my bed I met doing that right now
I'm gonna clean out all this and then
I'm gonna organize that for my filming
little area it is time to christen the
day now and mean Hayley's out of it
because Thanksgiving is tomorrow the
question of the day is um my what
speaking oh yeah what's your favorite
thing to be at Thanksgiving like turkey
you're like stuff like that like
stuffing like cranberry stuff or like
black cheese mine is tricky properly all
right so I have turkey dipped in mashed
potatoes with gravy so yummy
Wow or cranberry slices so I like
Thanksgiving so don't be too comfortable
Oh cuz you wanna question of the day is
okay MA
what's your favorite thing to eat on
Thanksgiving happy thank you
always remember to celebrate life ah
thanks for watching
Vitaliy
