hi for me
my morning view I like how Gigi just
perches herself up on top of the other
dogs it kind of cracks me up
stop your sassy mouth she think she's
tough
what are you I'm a friend trying get
look to me she wants to go outside but
the leaves are being blown from the yard
right now so she really can't go out
there hmm being sad day what is that let
me say it let me see the world in color
I remember buying that for a plane trip
that you never used it on no time it's
better than right now then right got
your crayons
you got your address that you use as a
nightgown got the messy bed head are you
enjoying your Thanksgiving break so far
yeah yeah yeah yeah all right
everybody move out of my way I'm coming
through all right hey when you're done
coloring the ugly picture
I've got something for you it's a
surprise hole you could pretend those
are leaves and you could jump in them
before you fold them do you think I'm
crazy
Gigi you jump in on Gigi you jump in him
what she fell on her face
yeah can you just see what happened to
Gigi did you fall on your face
that wasn't very graceful it's cuz she's
top-heavy her back legs her back legs
are so like little brains okay I had her
head so big and French bulldogs are like
that like you can like it's weird
goodnight yeah it's weird okay so Haley
when you're done coloring that beautiful
picture I need you I have a project for
you today it's these towels they need to
be folded some of them are yours most of
them are yours not most of them that's
not true so we're gonna get some stuff
done all right you want a job yeah hold
on cuz I'm not we're not doing that
again homie I'm sorry she smart she's he
wants to protect your face you're there
if you thought Gigi's face was gonna
plant another ground he probably would
have put that down for her to like leave
jumping no dope with a dirty dog on
there
yeah she was minding her own business
taking a nap not bothering anybody okay
so I'm done Jim we're going to pick up
Danielle from school Mary Kay is going
to wrestling so we brought her snack you
got Danielle's with Wendy's they're
coming in I'm gonna give them a signal
to go on that sign held it out she
texted asking thank you really
so um I decided that I might possibly
audition for the musical oh I will come
see you if you get a part I might go see
it even if you don't know her we got you
something oh yeah I see she told you we
couldn't tell Mary Kate I just want to
say you don't want to get stuck behind
the boss but okay let's go now I mean I
think she has more patience than you do
oh it's the best thing ever when you
walk into the house and there are
cookies being made before your eyes
YUM
they're gonna be chocolate chip with
white chocolate choice charcoal white
chocolate change
I doubt there's peanut butter but you
would smell it if there were supposed to
be as super-mean a Melinda doesn't like
peanut butter this is stuff that I got
to decorate Hailey's room and a few
other things
oh I got you something liquor
look I had to comply Annie's room is
pretty much done like she's got yeah
yeah she's got stuff hanging on her wall
I know it's for Haley she doesn't have
anything you're such a little jokester
look she is that fat fat these are
for her uniforms to go in her new
armoire so organizational stuff it's
pretty fun get out of that I did give
you a few shirt fanny
hmm I got you some shirt that's sweet oh
you could wear those I don't understand
you sometimes well look who finally got
around to folding the towels her project
at me
her project is to fold seven towels what
are you at and you're not counting just
folding if we all hold seven then it's
teamwork what is 4 times 7 that's how
many will get folded every time so how
do you do that yeah make it or do math
for 10 plus 7 equals 14 to 7 is for you
all right we need one more
you know another 7 take do 4 times 20
drill over there 28 so we each fold 7
towels yes
Yuval 2
but I think there might could be more
than 28 but that was just my guess when
I said Haley fold some fold your share
towels what you doing oh that's
fantastic my hands on the friction why
you just go put him in front of the
heater yeah Wow good more in the fire
we're putting Haley's hair that's been
sitting okay right yeah
do you have the hardware I lost the
hardware you guys but what I do have
bump on it up drill screwdriver a 50
pound wall now a screw just had that
sitting around marker the colors in gold
what color in gold cuz I lost the gold
hardware cuz your mirrors got gold trim
so we're gonna make this work we're
cleaning we're makin we're doing in
whatever month
oh and whatever mommy's doing he's
giving school yes I'm cleaning yes he's
making mine making my mirror and I am
organizing all your school uniforms so
thank you very much we're going to the
movies tonight and you we've got to
actually get you ready for the day he's
like do this intolerably sure you missed
what's going on let's see what she goes
here since I was 8 magic 8-ball mm why
are you already have a towel on did you
fold that just to unfold it okay you
guys want to see if he knows what he's
doing he doesn't I paid for that wall
I didn't pink in me what was the pink
that just came out of the wall the
insulation
I've never drilled in a war you that's
what keeps your wall but your room
insulated I'm well on my way to
organizing this closet
all our shoes uniforms necklaces school
necklaces and cake
voila what do you think you know got a
mirror to the left a little stop
um to the left a little bit more stop
Haley hey label Bailey what do you think
matches doesn't stick out badly
Haley's too short even notice a helix
right
yeah the started blocking it do you
think it you think you like it we need
to organize your bookshelf we need to
decorate this and then make your bed
clean up your desk finish this dirty
clothes holiday and and every night
before you go to bed clean up every
single holiday every single holiday what
we have to do this what am I gonna do it
you're a unicorn look you're a eunuch
hey really I mean we can go with that a
lot people I'm sick with glasses I'm
wearing to the movie theater here's my
outfit my shoes
I'm getting all dressy for the movie
thing I just feel like we haven't really
been anywhere I just have to get all
dressed up just to go to the movie
theatres and I'm picking out which
classes everywhere and I'm gonna wear
necklace his views there is no glasses
my glasses though so that's not really
an option
is these not those not those oh not
those those I make even either into
those those but I think those look a
little bit better you look like I don't
know Selma where these necklaces down
here I think I'm gonna wear this here is
the Nexus we are ready to go
and II probably already told you we
decided to get a little fancy twill beta
sighs I get a little fancy I'm just um
hugs and jeans oh yeah
it's really dark over there but it looks
kind of cool it's beige money let's see
it lets see it besides she needs a
jacket but hers turned out pretty cool
I'd like to point out wouldn't hurt her
her bun that's what I'd like to say turn
it around turn it around it killed me it
pained me to put this bun in her hair
cuz we washed her hair just a few
minutes ago and it looked so pretty I
told her you don't subscribe to snapchat
that's true subscribed bratayley oh
actually all of our channels and they
follow an e on snapchat if you hadn't
heard the big news all right let me hear
let me hear ally Anya hope she wanted
that put out their first movie Anya for
tailee a cronut ruthless dare oh my gosh
something arrow of dat Taylor
now I'm the arrow which we did in honor
of Caleb switched it to the arrow factor
I know a lot of people are wondering why
we change it from flimsy arrow to the
arrow faction well we wanted to keep the
arrow in it because that was really
important to him but it's a group Ciara
that was a things they did
the other thing is that's hardcore a
flimsy arrow still is a star it's
amazing so I think it's a good thing you
guys I know we've got some mixed I'm on
feelings I know - we've got some mixed
feelings about us posting on Caleb's
channel but we all talked about it and
you know we all thought maybe not maybe
so we want to do you know there probably
be a Minecraft theme coming up sometime
soon totally in honor of him what would
it have a bacon up with what that
absolutely would love some comments of
what the themes we could do especially
those that could honor Caleb I mean
minecraft probably coming up in the near
future
what else what else could he do pies in
the face pies in the face only dogs
licking pies off the face that was his
idea
I do believe back on very very beginning
it was disgusting so I think it's a good
thing I mean we don't know if it's the
right decision but you make you do
things that you that feel right and this
feels right well we've got to stop and
get gas boring but it's real life and we
need that you gotta back up the car
right for shoes one winter shoes it's
not any peak glasses I think there's a
pair of fake glasses of a knees that
maybe you can borrow in the car yeh man
you don't know movie says we were in
charge of auto Hank at the door who we
were in tired of getting the food I
didn't eat dinner this is all fate
cheeseburgers and a drink okay we gotta
go now was a cloud by boost I lose your
cell phones now you guys right now
didn't save me about cameras
the pain of the coldness the cold
chilling air didn't even get a chance to
change my hair that's the problem with
winter yes
yah but now you can wear it you can wear
it again because I didn't technically
didn't even show anybody well eesh me
works either the air that you can show
the air you're breathing let me see that
air you're breathing you guys it's
probably 30 degrees out here wait a
minute now
who are you tired yeah Annie's got a
long day of practice tomorrow okay let's
think of a question today I think that's
a grand idea
oh my gosh our jackets for the same
color okay who's got a question of the
day who's your favorite Disney character
not a one you carry dude I want Disney
Princess Jasmine under pencil in
mallanna okay roll on it she's not
really a Disney Princess yeah she's the
new Disney Princess she's like jonathon
Rapunzel in Ron alright um Val oh my
favorite yo-yo I don't get it we could
have the same one I'm shivering the
camera shaking Ariel the good one is
that your favorite alright I guess
everybody can name two I'm just naming
Belle I like a lot of them no I like gas
and oh thanks jasmine and Lana okay oh
my gosh I'm freezing
we're gonna call it a night guys jasmine
has a better
who have a pet horse no one do you want
to be the newest Disney Princess and
have a horse all right my friends you
guys it's cold it's time to go to bed a
home favorite Disney Princess ah see you
tomorrow guys
adios mwah
always remember to celebrate life hey
BAE BAE
thanks for watching
Vitaly
