we just got done with a Lee's comprar we
just powder locker what is this look
remember did you remember that with you
Bahama that is crazy you guys I'm gonna
take this home to her yeah yeah from
your is your treatment from your locker
put a true moon your luck I wonder how
long has has been in there who knows
that was a little top shelf when's the
last time we packed her true oh that's
the question well I don't know them
because no it's been a long time because
we remember like I have this in the
cafeteria maybe cuz like three weeks ago
I started doing a lot of the UM I'm sure
doing a lot of the whole package
Lunchables put the drink in them so it's
been alone alright well we did it
your future she's not in trouble she
she's doing well so that's the update on
Hailey's school conference it's cold out
here where's your jacket sir no one told
me Helen told her that was cold until at
the end of November no one told me it
was winter either it's not winter yet no
one told me it was cold I pretty much
just woke up like 20 minutes ago and
seven really tired and my mom and dad
wits mmm went somewhere and I'm an aunt
OS up I toured your locker I brought you
this in your walk how long has this been
in here I want you to taste it and find
out oh we can tell by how curdled it is
like mmm about a day or two no I'm just
kidding don't really drink that but what
is this doing in your locker
how long's it been in there
what you and the babysitter do maxing
she's fired
I will never hire her to come back here
you guys should have played Barbies boom
no you should play an American Girl
dolls and running round outside and
played a lot of people all right I'm
Debra Jim did Bernie film that I'm done
with you so well I'm done with Jim she's
done with Jimmy buy my backpack and I'm
gonna go to school up in my room oh my
goodness okay in my room a messy room
I'm gonna do school how am I gonna bum
ball here but yes I told myself that it
cost uh is that that you could fight
anything in it but yes so I decided to
go with a guide and then I gotta turn it
in till one of them falls out sometimes
it takes like an hour okay sometimes it
takes a few minutes now I can put open
up I'm gonna do so much cool like this
week I'm gonna do somebody's over school
and I'm ready I'm gonna do it I think
I'm gonna do two hours or an hour and a
half then break an hour and a half and
break - Linda Dale and I be break I mean
like two minutes to like get up and
stretch maybe look at my phone and
after that two minutes over I'm gonna go
back to school for like an hour and half
I really need to clean out my closet I'm
Haley and I are about to go do one in
her closet she got her name from what
you see it yeah uh I haven't seen it
Wow her uniform school stuff is gonna go
except look what she did while I came to
pick you up
she put whatever she wanted in here so
I'm gonna have her help come help me
organize it couldn't you bring all her
uniform stuff really why does it look
look at what she put down my gosh is
such a goofball she likes me organize
look like she is she has been organizing
I didn't even know she did that
Alex cute she's so she watches DIY stuff
look she did organize it well for an
eight-year-old I gotta move this back
doing good trying to get organized after
you done with Haley you can take like a
two-hour break you'll enjoy me I might
yeah let's do it your school okay so
this is how I dress the practice but
when I get home I stretch of school and
this is my ID school and at home I got
some slippers a sweatshirt a tank top my
hair is crazy and send a message it's
completely relaxed hair down slippers on
ready to work um Christmas slippers like
beautiful like Christmas like those are
Christmas trees you got on your
Christmas list I guess it is because you
put everything Christmassy on your
Christmas list all right good luck my
friend have fun do your best work oh my
gosh okay we're working on a secret
secret script right now you guys I can't
tell you much but Gigi has joined Haley
and all of that
I really feel guilty when we talk about
secret things but we work on some
projects for the future and we can't
like we can't spoil it so I hate saying
but other thing about them is some of
these projects actually never make it
yeah so she's just working on one it's a
script and so she's looking it over and
she's kind of practicing some of the
lines we could do make it in a second
but I wanted to show how Gigi has joined
you and she's working on it she's
working on some stuff and we're putting
some blinds up well I shouldn't say we
he's working on that we're all doing
something important except the mangy
mutts they're just hanging out being
being like themselves oh oh
daily dog footage where's your collar
you look so different without your
collar on what's he doing in there are
you very concerned you're very concerned
what'd you write on your arm does this
say yep LeBlanc are you practicing are
you practicing writing it like signing
it yeah okay okay all right without all
your lines okay so I'm on my first break
I am drinking out of it Orange here's my
process I squeeze
like this I'd stuck a straw well first a
second link in it then I put a straw in
it I like like this call the juice out
come back to you back to school this is
what we got for dinner tonight
asparagus some corn some crab cakes and
some papaya fruit you said you wanted to
try different British - hot mm-hmm what
is this sweet I don't think it it's
probably not too too sweet
oh that little piece thing right there
yep
good or no I got a weird taste step
right here did a day where day's worth
the school you did just one day but I
tried to do more but you've got a plan
to do a lot more than one it wasn't
working
Oh doing best laid plans but at least
you've got a balloon and crazy hair and
you're making static cuz that's cool too
whoa they always have to do more school
- are you doing more tonight yes look
well I see how plus I can get my hair
down oh my goodness
you just flattened your hair out
completely
I flatten my hair out it's like so like
dull right there
no Bart Bhatia oh we need to see the
tour gene yeah they're working all right
you guys have got to UM go and comment
down below everything you know about
static electricity
how is gymnastics hey hey
is it good how's your rip healing up
nicely I don't know why you'd want to be
shocked
don't worry bar minus one no it's gonna
work it will work no not my finger wait
how are we stop your weirdos yeah I feel
like Haley's jacket would produce a lot
of static electricity
I don't know why okay get it Evie wait
you guys ever back what would you jacket
doesn't come up no the back of it I
guess okay oh my gosh it just put her
hey if I'm in it I'm so scared it
doesn't work right
we're going on any sutter better okay
very good what you do oh hey don't
interrupt she gets all embarrassed what
are you doing I'm doing snapchat what
I'm gonna try to go do snapchat your own
right you don't have your own but you're
getting one now just to do this they got
old snapchat ghost okay so it's official
you guys
Annie has her own snapchat what is it
Annie dot will walk can spell that a it
and ie dot like period back le B la and
z ah so we're going to Haley's room go
to bed and then go on let it out and I
just cuddle today Haley pick it out so
go ahead what could we do gymnastics
what would you do well export what I do
ya for
I would I would do soccer um or swimming
I would do dance or a crow yeah so don't
forget to comment down below cuz we want
to know the questions are is if you can
couldn't do gymnastics what would you do
lowered by always remember to celebrate
life oh really because they don't really
what if they don't do dramatic
didn't do your sport what would you do
okay yeah yeah that's good if you don't
have a sport which one would you do and
if it's gymnastics that's good so bye
bye hey tomorrow
always remember to celebrate life
database database
thanks for watching
Vitaliy
