just got done working out we're gonna go
get some solubles and stuff and just
like chill we also show because we have
a cold time so let's do it
it is 7:30 1 a.m. in the little moo-cow
was ready to go act got everything you
need mm-hmm Oh breakfast and for tonight
because she's addicted and has no voice
she tried to get me to be addicted she's
like you should get for tonight and I
said good then I would never get
anything done I got the peanut butter
onesie massive gasps this one's yours
cuz it's a gotta blueberries oh yeah got
no blueberries they brought us spoons
I love this color blue me he doesn't
that color blue so pretty thank you did
they only give us okay all right so
we're gonna eat breakfast then we're
gonna call for the car cuz our car is
still being fixed other cars being used
by Billy Bob so this is a good perfect
timing that we can eat and run this you
gonna use all those yeah okay I'm gonna
order me an extra good all the next time
then yeah
thanks I didn't know you could mm-hmm
that's the best part I think the granola
disclaimer don't try this at home
she's like I can jump off there and is
like it's higher than you
you felt this the ground I heard the
ground like I don't feel that I need to
I don't know if y'all can go together
because one person's already like too
heavy no offense I know like gone that
thinks so heavy okay yeah watch the rail
in the back well we have to leave
literally in five minutes so
No
nope each one you'll in the morning
attired what I'm doing I'm going to bed
last night hmm
that's not a time do you think 11:30 you
know crazy night al
we're at a park guys how pretty
pretty arrived let's go on this hike
we're going on a hike like our hotel
looks like our own private hotel Oh any
downloaded fortnight she has crossed
over to the other phones a fortnight
problem yes were you playing we were all
I heard was you didn't shoot it all just
how you drove here today Haley soon that
how it got here bucking bronco
this is a sick park
no you can play until they call you to
do or drive I mean you're in that that
doesn't matter but I think once you get
in wardrobe you play in there might not
be a good option
are you gonna make it you walk up feel
like a princess okay and then there's a
sign it's kind of looks like a house
there's a little like thing we're gonna
barely do but then there's another - two
more slides over here two more slides
and then there's Sophia say hi Sophia
and then there's another and then
there's Bryson and I was like the
climbing thing yeah a little one in a
little like thing where you can also
walk in right there then there is a
little something like mint and there's
another side and there's
and
Cornie another one I know it gives you a
great yeah guys we waiting for night I
got one kill I got the number six and
I'm so bummed I'm so proud first time
not version ever flame a first day
that's a wrap
where are we going ladies - yeah we're
gonna go to city wok we're gonna see a
movie and we have a whole gang let's go
see who's going with us Riley's going
with us
I'm going you're going Tyler is going
and she's wrapped the little cow is
wrapped you ready to go all right let's
go I thought that you can't do that
that's not where you going that's not it
you're not going in that yeah we're
those properly
goes from hot to cold I know it's so hot
I go to buy and then I go go look what
we did
Julian's camera she she was cleaning out
her bag and she had in her bag
yeah you ready let's go that's not the
way and it's late so we're about to go
see different movies but fun running
into everyone okay peace out guys good
saying how do you guys crap all great
hey are you hungry you're going to eat
learn even if your sisters here nah
hmm and it is 9:45 that's India so I
don't actually know what the question of
the day is going to be but what is your
favorite like candle scent and coffee
don't forget to come to blow guys we
want to know don't question the question
of the day is what is your favorite
candles and if you don't like that
what's your favorite
- favorite
Hansol Nemec from tree yeah and illusion
I mean is okay we just walked in from
the movie and we're taking bets I think
she is asleep this time but you don't
you don't think she's asleep but the way
to find out is to just come over here
and tickle her she's awake she's really
good okay one of the smile Haley I
haven't seen you all day so I want you
to be awake well maybe she does have
asleep she just doesn't wanna be tickled
I'm not got tickler I have no idea you
guys if they did a question of the day
so if they did answer there's and answer
hours what do you want the question of
the day to be subject in the school we
haven't done that one in a while so no
no no no if you guys didn't know we do a
question of the day if you're new
there's gold
no I like it cold we sleep if you're new
we try to ask a question of the day
every night would you just do stubbed
your toe
okay stubbing your toes never good but
we're recovered okay um every night we
ask a question of the day and you guys
answer it in the comments hello to all
you new subscribers it today today is
what's your favorite subject that can't
be lunch or recess math alright guys so
now you comment down below
welcome to the family watch everyday
because that's what this channel is all
about and we will see you tomorrow
Annie has a day off but we have dance
rehearsal which do you consider that a
day off do you like dancing enough to be
like okay this could still be a day off
you get to see your friends and you get
to dance for an hour it's literally an
hour for chicken girls okay I'm a little
chicken girl dance oh my gosh okay tell
update everybody I don't know if we have
real quick before we go hayden got one
win for
on your account right with eight kills
but tell everybody the cool thing about
what you did I got out of it was cool
why my face one kill that you've
actually made your first win on mobile I
don't know why I'm like oh and I can't
believe you're killing people on video
games oh she's got it she's got a
snapchat everybody okay guys see you
tomorrow
number two celebrate thanks for watching
Brit Ailee
