today amazing can I live hey what a day
what a day it almost seven o'clock in
the morning for some odd reason this
little nut woke up before my alarm right
before my alarm but I didn't have to
wake her up this morning she was up
before 6:00 I was getting them up a
little after 6:00 so it's been a great
morning so far she is bathed she has
brushed her teeth she has put some
clothes on we're going to set we have a
early call time so we have to leave soon
she's drinking some milk we're gonna go
grab some breakfast cuz we're out of
like breakfast foods we leave tomorrow
to go to Salt Lake
so she's hanging here and she's hanging
here she got up pretty easily too it was
very weird did we go to bed early okay
early last night
pretty much when we got home where's my
phone on the charger I'm the only one
that puts phones on chargers I am the
reason that they have as much of a
charge as they have I wake up I mean
when I go wake them up in the morning I
grab their phones and go put them on the
charger but I think we ready to start
having a new rule no phone going because
I feel like that is not a good idea to
have look at her to have a phone in your
bed all night I use my phone well I just
don't think you should stay up on your
phone until you fall asleep so you could
use your phone that's true too because
it was the same reason why I never let
you guys have TVs in your room now you
guys have TVs in your hands pretty much
I'm not lying
so anyways I feel like we're always
progressing or that might not be the
word I'm looking for rules are always
maybe that's the word ever-changing
they're just what Annie I know you have
something to say
our phones away away I'm just saying
you're gonna have your kidnapped we
don't have anything to call you with
that's a good point but I don't think
you're gonna get kidnapped what do you
think if you're get kidnap you're gonna
grab your phone your phone has never
been in your pocket when I've grabbed my
phone like that he does she puts it
that's not all ever true I've never
yes I would God how about we just start
a rule then that you can have your phone
in your room with you you just can't
fall asleep on it does that make sense
like at a certain time like at 10
o'clock the phone is unlocked at 10
o'clock the phone you're not allowed on
your phone anymore I thought I used to
do with Caleb except then I found out
that it was on minecraft sometimes even
later than 10 o'clock yeah I was like
excuse me all right okay but it was like
excuse me all right guys I'm learning
I'm just I'm just learning parenting is
a learning process that's what I was
trying to say 15 years thank you very
much fifteen years I do parenting I've
been parenting for 15 years yeah I guess
right I'm just trying to figure out it
that's right cuz yeah just what I said
no you never get parenting down ever
ever there's no book it is not easy to
figure out what is right and wrong and
best you'll know one day mark this down
if they ever continue vlogging when they
have kids write this down
replay this in 20 years when they have
kids and then they roll their eyes and
you're like oh is she joking should I
say that's not nice but maybe she's just
kidding like anyway we're just rambling
we are leaving
I am just rambling oh yeah daddy thinks
he's got parenting it's all in one
phrase ask your mother
all right we are out the door so come
along we're going to the beach to film
today filming on a beach use this
footage from the future guys Annie's
song is out right now click the I hate
Hailey point Valentine's Day is tomorrow
click push put where's the I the eyes
over here no it's not it's over here
okay Haley I think it's here touch point
right here y'all click that I it's like
somewhere in this area or somewhere in
that area but click it and you can go
download any song I mean this will do
this will do for a beach beach scene
yeah I think I'll be here all day you'll
know where to find me if anybody could
bring me a drink that would be fantastic
you are at the beach today you know I
think y'all are filming out there the
beach scene I need something here Haley
yeah hold that thank you it perfect can
I live here yes
do you approve ok actually there get
about to go into wardrobe wait no hair
and makeup what do you say ones here
ones not where drives not here yet so
they're gonna go into hair and makeup
while we wait for wardrobe but I'm gonna
just sit here actually I'm not it's a
little chilly I'm going to wait till it
warms up just a lot it
so you guys in between this all these
planes it's like obviously a flight path
and you see Haley getting her hair and
makeup she's in the middle of that big
blob of people on the left of the scene
but that's all you guys get to see but
seriously every like 20 seconds of plane
come maybe maybe a little bit more and
they have to cut they have the whole
four plane so the sound guy picks up
that but I've come to interrupt you on
your school are you pretending to type
where you really doesn't my she's happy
no I look really big I know Haley you
jerk I'll put your gum in your mouth all
the way I'm you're not gonna get a chew
it for very long because they're about
to call you back we're squeezing in some
school and between scenes what is he
what are you learning about
anti-federalists and the structure and
function of the government sounds really
excited can you say it with a smile on
your face and it makes me it might make
people want to look it up and learn
about it to know encourage them to learn
they don't look it up and they learn
they don't
yeah I feel like it this day she's ours
oh my sweatpants uh-huh yeah it's chilly
out so sensory all right have fun on the
beach I'm a little jealous I haven't
gotten to walk out in the sand yet
because now I'll be in the way I'm sure
the wind is whipping and you can barely
hear one does not like I'm apologizing
for the wind because I I can hear it so
I know it's probably bad on this it's
kind of chilly
okay should we I need to get my toes
done you want to get my toes done yeah
like I don't know window yeah we had to
pause for
look at this look at this
rapping I'm just gonna say hello good
good
look how pretty it is now are you guys
wait wait I'm not stepping on that with
my shoes all right but I'll give you the
the down-low there got a need the sunset
shot so everybody just came out there
setting up and that's about all I got
like laid there literally just walked
outside the Sun is going down quick so
we're hoping they can get this done ASAP
and I think that we've got one more shot
inside look at that oh my god is
gorgeous
out of the way but I always feel like
I'm in the way that was funny she was
funny
give me tank it up next job today all
right let's get our stuff together you
are a wrap Indiana's new song y'all they
are wrapped and they are excited so
they're singing actually Brookes things
even when she's when she's sad when
she's happy when she's angry she fell
asleep in this bed and then we got
yelled at her can you please don't fall
asleep in my bed we're sorry we're sorry
the bet is vine it's all about thanks
for your hospitality people oye guys we
are going to the importantly why are you
why do you have your feet up on the
window
any that's not safe we're going to go
baby go baby boy lanes of traffic in one
mile and there's traffic and I need to
be over there and I'm over here hey
you have to get him to say hey if it's a
nobody
so the beeping I'm so tired I think I
need over one more and when they're
stopped it's like scary
all right it is just passing the camera
to me
we ordered Shake Shack so it's gonna be
here when we get there oh please she's
eating leftover pizza from last night's
for now mommy needs quiet concentration
to cut these cars off never once told my
children to shut up ever I told you that
cry yeah you may show you my all I don't
like the word shadows I know every tell
me yeah oh my gosh
oh I need over some more this traffic I
don't have road rage now you're like oh
my gosh I need to get over at this Lane
yes no matter a word no that doesn't
sound good or matter okay I did it right
no this is not right oh no no you're
right
mommy no you're not right oh wait what
doesn't you knows where you are
this is not right
really well you know what time didn't go
up any so we're good there just gonna
reroute us oh what a bummer making me
sound like a horrible person I would not
I would not be very few no it's real
life except you're like daddy does no I
have great road rage no he does have I
yeah I am a little boy I was kidding and
someone even comes close to us he's a oh
my god I see a little door knocks
doorknob I don't think that's a mom
yeah I'm gonna say road rage' panty
let's
do it finally it's a great light y'all
are making fun of me are you
no that's what we're gonna do we're
gonna make him in the road you guys say
what I would say yes oh I just got us in
more traffic
are you with you guys are you guys I
don't like being late I believe I'm
daddy lettuce Li Bao and tasteful that's
why we're late no way 22 seconds late
I'm seriously Batman she literally
starts having a panic attack you start
trying to blame other people if you
didn't get that drink of water then we
wouldn't have been late
the road I need to be on the outer road
that I got off of accidentally why is it
no one on the road wait I would never
say that
look at all the people on traffic I see
red lights out of my way get out of my
way going so stood speed-up flip-flop
door knob daddy I don't know if I can do
that and that's my boy is gonna handle
that oh stop screaming
he makes sense he makes us face looks
like a rabbit this is my right
no this is my room bridge
I'll turn the radio home she'll turn it
down to us what am i talk about every
day I'm just on the way moving on we are
gluing pom be there in 20 minutes
now I'm gonna be mommy on her camera
voice I'm just gonna sit down oh yeah
look at my double chin no don't film me
don't film me you little goose silly
goose I'm such a silly goose it's not
just silly goofy he said in front of you
and you laugh all the time earlier yeah
and it's not even funny
oh really really oh I'll turn the camera
yellow TennCare oh listen
I have to pack before we go on set
tomorrow
okay well y'all do school in the morning
tonight I was like there's no way you're
getting school out of me tonight in
Isreal buddy kay I'm talking to you so
you're talking to me
no I was talking to Annie oh my gosh all
I am ready to get home I am tired I'm
done with this traffic I'm done like I'm
done
you know what just for that you turn the
camera off
yep we're filming again Annie's getting
a drink of water and she's still in her
baby voice huh
Annie oh okay any question for that
being your baby voice you were just in
your baby voice mm-hmm
well I'm going into my room to see it's
clean okay we're gonna wrap up the
question of the day
all right the question of the day is
what is your favorite fast food like
post mates
post mates I love food
I just love food I don't know if I can
pick mom mine is definitely Shake Shack
or the Chinese restaurant where I get
sushi
mmm sushi so she's a good man right and
I love talking about mmm Taco Bell no
hmm it's post mates some so yeah bye
don't forget to comment down below cuz
we want to know that question of the day
is what's your favorite post meats and
you don't know what pose mates is what's
your favorite drive-thru remember to
celebrate
thanks for watching
Vitaliy
