time for tally
good morning it's Saturday morning
oh good morning Winnie Oh when he heard
that it was filming time and want to be
a part of today's video you wanted to be
part of the video and she just jealous
that you're talking to me and not her
yeah she supposed to be pet I was like
all right so this morning we're filling
out in a secret santa list for for the
gymnastics Christmas party so what is
one of my favorite stores stop my
slippers
mm you're gross Hey
okay favorite store I've got target hmm
injustice down I think that covers it
Claire's actually a target you got I'm
not biting my nails doesn't blur with
this Howl's come out pretty good
all better yeah ready for meat season oh
yeah everything's Christmas on here
Christmas sweater Christmas decorations
everything um
daddy's editing if you wonder why you're
hearing my voice and twice like not
throwing my voice over there hey so wait
let me get to a better place of light
because yeah you can go sit over there
maybe try that so why is there a man a
dog - it's from my blister so we need a
nanny huh you're great okay so my age is
12 because this is a thing disapper 14
it's all b12 at that time way to think
forward hey never dealt with if you're
weird yeah they restores are targeted to
them and justice favorite color is
purple yellow blue
birthstone Bluto
I love horses clothes and DIY type stuff
clothing leo and shoe size clothing you
know that doesn't matter I really want
Christmas decorations Christmas sweaters
let your slippers really anything
clothes the Metis Christmas I'm clothing
jewelry or toy Isis clothing favorite
animal horse um hobbies musically I
think rap but not gymnastics
no not hobby favorite treats fudge type
cookies and Swiss cake rolls gift ideas
Christmas is tired / fuzzy socks
so everything Christmas just Christmas
Christmas Christmas that you can use for
like a day yes I really want Christmas
stuff yeah and then Christmas will be
over ten days later after this party but
that's okay how's life it's good I'm
bored
we've been trying to think of something
to do all day there's nothing to do and
sometimes that's okay so it's not you
could take selfies on your phone like
you're doing I'm getting like one of
those double chin ones okay I want to do
the lane so right now this is what we're
doing we're picking up Haley from Jim
and then I have no idea what we're doing
next all adventure might be going home I
know where we're not going we're not
going to the mall for the fourth day in
a row that's what we're not doing
lettuce I just can't do the mall for a
fourth day and the third the three days
in a row was accidental it's slightly
better oh gotta get good lighting the
third three I did not intend to go to
the mall three days in a row we kept
forgetting things that needed to be done
no movies you could do my makeup yeah do
you makeup I paint my nails Annie we
made her smile though at least we got to
go in we got to get hey uh I think you
mean you have to go you're gonna sit in
the car and take selfies let me see it
they get worse what's wrong
you got a tape grip it's a good rip yeah
if you're gonna tape grip I'm see here
yeah show us season so you got two rips
oh it's yucky Haley let me look it's
like purple you should sit up here let
her see hmm it's a blood and blood oh
you know what that means I don't know
I'm just trying to scare you is it pop
yet isn't it sweet that the sisters can
share in that and a rip their skin hey
Haley we finally came up a plan all
morning Annie and I have been trying to
figure out what we're gonna do today
okay you guys are gonna give me a
makeover oh my gosh yeah you can do my
nails is that okay Hey I mean look out
of S we got ya we couldn't think of
anything else so I think it should go
like well we want to film them for your
channels like you could film you doing
my nails for your channel and you could
film you doing my makeup of your channel
so um I don't know when it'll be up like
we always say go subscribe to those
channels so that you don't miss that
video and that's exciting I don't know
maybe I should rethink this that means
I've got to be on camera without any
makeup and he's like every day I'm on
the game without makeup okay just do it
it'll be okay
it's okay just do it yeah yeah I'm gonna
do it
come into yeah I'm gonna do it yeah no
not yeah yeah yeah I'm just gonna do it
no yeah I'm just gonna but we're gonna
do it I've already committed full of
people so right now we're being set up
for work out the scenes we decide this
was a good idea right yeah so I'm gonna
do mommy's makeup um then after I'm
probably gonna try to do my makeup one
because I got these new things I'm
really not sure how to use them at all
and it's gonna be crazy like it's gonna
be horrible so I just got them I got new
Beauty blenders they're so cute wait I
want to show you them also right here oh
oh they fell look how tiny they're like
for concealer and stuff but they're so
tiny I love them so much oh you guys I
think this is my regular makeup my
everyday makeup okay okay let's get
donations you're nervous I'm taking all
my make oh that's why you're nervous
not because I'm doing me no I think
you're gonna do a great job I don't I
think I'm gonna do horrible well you
guys are got to stay tuned go subscribe
to Annie's chance it's gonna be called
its you're gonna be called like makeup
fail or like depend on your turn makeup
yeah what about fake eyelashes do I get
them of those how do I put that on no
better time to learn than on your mother
do I have fake eyelashes is the question
not in this drawer might be in this
mascara oh look at me I do have fake
eyelashes look at that look at that I'm
so proud of myself
oh jeez this is gonna be fun even me
trying but that could be another video
but so let me just try and put fake
eyelashes we're in the middle of filming
and Hayley's joined us she's all bathed
after practice about to go we're over
here
you're about to leave us we're not
entertaining up entertaining enough for
you I'm not going to show you what it
looks like you guys you have to go check
it out on Annie's channel to see and he
doesn't like it
are you just probably your biggest
critic though don't you think you don't
like it at all I'm not gonna blow it we
decided to go bold what do you think
Haley well she'd pretty much plucked
some of my face hairs off already so I
feel bald what do you think of it though
oh pretty cool is it bold mmm
bulb is Bali oh I think it looks good
Amy I mean I definitely need mascara and
all that but I think it looks pretty
good so far
stay tuned you guys first a mascara
first I don't know that order cuz I
hardly ever wear eyeliner the power just
went out for some random reason I don't
know she was up here I'm thinking it's
the wind it's pretty windy today but it
like it just flickered off and then it
came back on for like two seconds and
now it's out I see a light across the
water so I don't know if they have power
I mean they obviously have power over
there see that light over there right
there hmm it's pretty bright when you
stand over here SOS play SOS for us dit
dit dit dit dit da da da dit dit dit da
da da dit dit dit it's SOS it's Morse
code
and Danny will explain I know why but
since he's the Morse code expert all at
him explain why it SOS three of the
easiest most discernible characters to
send it just means that you need help
means help like if you see three short
three long three short you know somebody
needs help like a sound you can make it
sound or you can make it light up to fit
beep beep that's the sound of Morse code
right the thought of does it so if
you're ever in trouble and you have a
flashlight or a noise you're lost
somewhere kind of that's all the lights
that we're on up here well yeah it
doesn't just automatically come back all
right
oh good you guys the TV what would we
have done we were in the middle of a
pool game Syd's coming over Oh mr. smile
what I mean I can track and track and
Trax is coming over Piper are you
excited
bifur
what are we doing for dinner I'm gonna
fix you guys did you uh did will you fix
dinner Haley get me totally
what would you fix us what do we have to
meet you that's what I'm asking you
huh what would you fix that um
pancakes Haley's specialty dinner time
but I've got a food for thought for
Annie how does it make you feel that
this milk expires two days after your
birthday that's makes me realize how
close your birthday is oh my gosh I'm
not ready for that yeah I know it's not
even my kid but you know there's been a
lot of time together
I've known Syd since she was 7 a lot of
years you're gonna be a teenager next
year that's true Wow yeah let's go let's
just let's just go backwards huh Jen go
in your mixture yeah
just keep living the same year over and
over and over again
mommy started 29 for like 6 years no I
am NOT one of those people who gets a
maybe eventually maybe when I hit like
the big 4-0 I'll want to movies are I'll
be 39 over and over and over again sighs
yeah not making a 5 mm no hmm me too oh
my gosh so the the picture we were so
pretty I was Harley Quinn I was like huh
it's so weird
okay so we did teach it well I did their
makeup this hers there's em cave here's
mine
and um we're just hanging out I'm
surprised Hailey's having selfie
competition yeah I know I know I weave
into the best dog filter you can I won I
won the best doctor you wouldn't have a
smile I wanted those best selfie like
without any filter I thought you did
evil one yet
oh yeah I want the best in general I
thought best purse I thought it was like
me and I was like okay Eddie Sid had the
best um Wow I was attempting to hug her
but you were kind of hitting the Miss
sorry I'll just I'll just lean down so
you guys can help each other
there we go hey guys that's fine no no
goodness your mom talks really loud I
didn't hear hi
it's it's Oh Freddie you're so pretty
sorry sometimes I kind of get crazy just
by I have the camera and Annie scene
right there she's not stopping me this
camera has really good lighting though
we're not like lighting like the
camera's not waiting oh my goodness like
it makes the lighting look good I mean
yeah finger dab so have you guys you
guys - Maggie Tyler Jett I tried it
really bad but there were only few of us
so it wasn't my fault
like I staked out I just like talking
talking is my favorite mm-hmm tucking
say favorite I love talking surprisingly
I don't get in trouble for talking at
school
it's cuz I talk all the time
I enjoyed videotaping myself talking to
you guys because it's fun and talking is
fun I hope you guys like talking
lemons I love talking love you only me
don't want leave me talking was really
fun I hope you guys enjoy it as much as
I did
let's talking some ladies and gentlemen
boys and girls children of all ages we
have the ultimate ping-pong tournament
going on right here in this house we've
got Mary Kate we've got Annie we've got
fed and filling and a Melissa and Hailey
and hey so here are the standings Billy
played aunt Melissa what handed and
Billy won Katie played Sid and Katie won
almost had Sid one you're welcome said
now we have Annie playing Mary Kate we
don't know who wins
Annie the warrior whoa the battle begins
right now
all right we'll be back hailey will play
the winner of which I was already
determined
oh she plays the winner of this game
we've got a flu tournament
we'll let you know how this turns out
better Oh
all right Mary Kate all right guys it's
official bratayley ping-pong
championship our champion is can anybody
guess it by wearing champion good game
everybody great game great game okay
said you did really well for first time
ish first time ish yeah these two were
having a nice battle Oh close well this
happened it almost look like looks like
Sydney's faking but she's not she's
really asleep so obviously there's no
question of the day
oh I don't want to wake we got a
sleeping everybody's everybody's
sleeping so we're gonna call it a night
a long day Haley put herself to bed a
long time ago okay good night guys we'll
see you tomorrow
always remember to celebrate life ah
baked potato baked potato baby thanks
for watching
Britt Ailey
