today I'm Bailey Oh Domino's back time
for what Amy yes oh my gosh hi son
I'm a bad liar ah so bright that it's
dark okay Pierre Club parents Peter put
all our welcome we can come watch Peter
Pan and you're gonna be in the chorus oh
my god I have a soul though no you don't
buy myself a singing solo or hide ahead
boo no way I to UM things that I need to
say and then one solo and then another
solo with like not it's a little bit
like a mmm
like if someone else I would do it and
do oh I do it with Isabella oh I'm so
gonna be there what is that
this opens macaron
bigger than you are but um this is my
what is it your project my independence
I die
okay that's gunpowder okay then this is
gunpowder the compass printing making
paper oath those weird making you do
that all by yourself which were yeah
what if I'm yep what are they barking at
you
that was your reaction guys look at this
oh my goodness hold that bad boy up tell
me what was your inspiration behind all
this oh why did you go with blue tell me
blue because it was a yeah that's a
pretty blue I love it you feel like you
learned something huh
good so that's why that project existed
make you learn a little bit home that
gunpowder was a mistake I knew it was a
mistake but I do know what it was her
mistake was hmm you probably don't know
it was a mistake either you learned that
how did you know that gunpowder was a
mistake
they told me once that fun powder was a
must
oh oh oh GG you grew you guys it's
Friday or do the Friday dance
what's your Friday dance Oh Friday dance
includes slobber Haley my friend do you
know what I'm gonna say well yes I love
your outfit but no it's something about
your outfit something about your pants
specifically they are domestics pants
but something else no yes
No stand up stand up turn around your
logos in the back oh yes they are the
tags right they are my friend
well then there's no tag and they're
still on backwards no one noticed looks
like a good mannequin challenge pose
although it's pretty hard okay okay
Winnie getting your mannequin challenge
position yeah alright stop wait
freeze she's not gonna stop moving look
Winnie okay good
hey Lee get in your position mannequin
challenge fail Winnie oh yeah you guys
subscribe to us we got a subscribe
pillow I would totally put it there but
I'm worried I do like it there
the bright I'm right worried about dog
fur and yeah the dogs thinking it's a
toy ya know my bed I like that idea
hey what are the big plans for Friday
night pick a nanny up she got to go fill
up her lolli and pops jar it's her turn
she'll explain later doing DIYs Piper
wants you to play with her that's on the
number one thing to do right now play
with your dogs me alright we're gonna
come up with some good Friday night
plans or some not so good Friday night
plans we haven't decided you want to be
boring or exciting chatter okay be
really tired - I think it was gg
GG guys you guys are so lucky there's
not smellivision invented yet
hey we're back at the mall for the third
day in a row I just realized as I was
saying that yesterday we did yes the day
before we were with what um our good
deed for the day with the pretzels I
just realized third day in a row that
this time we remembered the lolli and
pops bag you get to explain what honey
what it is laulyam how that I had yeah
probably
oh so explain it Annie can you get this
bag plan jar and list for two weeks and
you fill it up twice but work it's the
forever jar right that was called and
you can apply now forever first the
first week or just it's just yourself
and the second week you have to do like
a good deed and give the candy to
someone or like something does it have
to be someone named Kate and you donated
or something but can you donate money
and like donate candy so that work
divide them to the soldiers that's a
good idea too or I think it may be like
the firemen like when go to Fire Station
and be cool so we got a few I charge
yeah we got a few ideas red fighters in
the hospital in Pikeville yeah I don't
know the rules on that but maybe maybe
we let in directly the crank club in our
school is what you are you in it are you
like the president are you gonna member
president cricket uh what um see you
like give things to like the hospital uh
like people but all like sighs awesome
like please like please nailed it the
sponge are you part of the kite you're
not part of the kind of stuff oh you're
in in Peter pow dominoes back here could
you scare you or did he push you for
bone I was trying to dodge his hate
hahahaha
he's pretty hateful
so you know we're gonna go do this it's
a it's a gymnastics thing you were great
don't worry
it's never gonna do I don't know what
good thing are we gonna do giving people
hope mysteries just cuz we haiti want
some candy
I know you sound a little creepy
especially daddy does it with me that's
even creepier he ripped it out did he
put it back in
Oh can she ever heart back no no aah
not funny you never changed your pants
back around and you uh stood really
that's cute like you'd react on your
badge okay like foot tub Oh somebody
hurts our Joe today like why did you
find you a visit I was about to say I
carry Tom but you guys have Tom pick up
for your tummy like a minimun edge web
Katie and then she told fish marry and
then I was like hailey you so
oh you're too much hers you later but
your son is real nice oh yeah you almost
got it
you're so almost got it maybe next time
can you have it eating that no all right
we are about to fill up our first star
right for a random person that we have
not figured out who is going for hard to
get candy for someone you don't know
toxic wait Oh hazard list hazardous
sleep with sour candy I don't know sour
those are so cute let's show what wah
BOE Lotus strawberry pig mommy pig I
don't think a lot didn't want if it
tastes like bacon
oh we're not not getting really good it
there oh I like your the pigs are very
shaped well haha listen for life's
boo-boos how could you have a boo-boo
when you're eating band-aid candy life
is too good for that
what else chocolate one we need to go to
the chocolate section don't you think no
faster oh sorry my bad sprinkled call me
beers that's what I need in my life
all right we moved on to Annie's jar
Katy's helping Angela you get to put you
get to fill this jar up as much as you
can get in there and they're really
working hard we've been in here for like
30 minutes
no joke okay Katie you're giving her a
little room
that's sweet part of being a gymnast no
no he's here now
so they ought to look like mmm candies
good
it's pressure on TV remember coach
marital knocked me couch video that's
totally not gonna happen
as we're sitting eating can google help
you Kings
catch encinia little healthier
but then again potatoes our vegetable
Rosco job ktl she's eating all my M&Ms
they usual um I'll be the one that
boyfriend women they're all people
really I should be saying adios because
we just got back from the mall and yeah
we're about to watch a movie got my
nails taking off it was home um and
because I did the lolli and pops thing
and I have to give it to someone to be
like really nice the question of the day
is have you ever really given anything
to someone just be nice and I'll like
for Christmas like a birthday just like
here this is for you just to be nice you
don't get anything out of it just to be
nice one time I made my friend something
I forgot what it was but I made it for
her and then I gave it to her mmm every
time someone comes over not like Kati
every time she comes over my house I
make or something but like if my grandma
would come I would like make her like a
little note card make maybe like make or
something just as I like hi nice to see
you again kind of thing so don't forget
to calm down below if you want to know
the question today is have you forgiven
someone something just to be nice not
for the birthday not for um Christmas or
anything just be nice don't forget to
calm it cuz you wanna know that mm-hmm
so my goodbyes I see you tomorrow
always remember to celebrate life ah
baked potato baked potato baby
thanks for watching
Britt Ailey
