hi for Latini anniebanany queen of the
last minute she waits for the last
minute to get her shoes on we are here
at the gym this morning and she doesn't
have her hair done and she doesn't have
her shoes on got boy came on alright my
friends
it's thursday 8:52 a.m. and this is life
right now life as we know it and all
tying
there's there gonna be like a mechanical
arm and our cars can tie your shoes and
give you like drink system that's sounds
like you are lazy and spoiled you think
you're on an airplane and they serve you
dread fear and what you're gonna invent
that not yourself tiny tube and mount
velcro someone that ties your shoes but
it's like mechanical okay alright Danny
who do that honey progeny um yes I'm
always proud of you
okay alright Annie's not eating lunch at
the gym today so we brought her ass
nicotine a kitty like how you get out of
your car I don't know if they can see it
but you like hanging and stretching
that's how I feel
good morning everybody
all right I forgot my keys in the car
I better go lock it up
good morning are you doing ghost noises
who's here already what are doing what
Beamer a big thing
it's Trio be no tree moe trio BMO that's
cute yeah we do that today bars you get
to be level floor you to make up a 15-2
company oh my god practice I'll see you
at 1:00 okay we'll be good really it
shouldn't be actually leave a little
early yeah thank you a steak
take you with that dad I'm gonna any
talents yes I'm not at the gym okay help
she's coming back oh you can't do your
own hair I don't want it oh just lazy we
dropped one got a secret secret project
we're working on Annie's Mike and
herself up can you like me you're miked
you're good is it okay well I might want
to hide it a little bit more this is
bored I've eternally I know turtleneck
hands did I run him mama
my feet are gonna come fix it I'm no
expert on microphones I think the
imagine death boy it's black
it'll match you did it better I didn't
even think tie today and get it I'm with
one hand trying to vlog and Mike you up
at the same time it does not work well
with that works lately and I have a
mirror Oh Oh got it nailed it
just look at that team is back in action
even complete
again well I don't feel complete without
John G right oh you're still going good
to miss you George Washington ha ha the
old ya George Washington oh mighty got
the hole I remember when um I had a mic
in my back pocket and I did a press
Nelson hit me the back of my head that
filming for Taylor makes history yeah
takes a toll you got all these look at
that all the gear fights already do the
same thing you kind of did out there
kind of yeah whatever things you were
time talking about or getting excited
about or a shooting on this he's
upstairs
filming Mikey he's not really there we
just started calling well actually John
G started calling him not like you yeah
orient Nicky we got a lot of fake and
uncle's her bad so we're whispering I
gotta go get hailey like in ten minutes
I almost forgot I've never forgotten one
of my children at school before I didn't
I just would like just realize it
someone's gotta go pick her up in like
ten minutes I like don't let me forget I
gotta go get Annie eglee later and I
looked at the clock and I'm like I gotta
go in like 10 minutes at a nice pop
they're like good she's running her
mouth it's what she does best you put a
camera in her face
not all the time sometimes she doesn't
want to talk on the camera today she's a
chatty gaspedal I think they're coming
down nope hailey hailey sometime doesn't
want to talk so that's why all you
people nicely complaining complaining
that Hailey's never in the videos or
Hailey's never the thumbnail she's in
the videos as much as she wants
sometimes when she gets home from school
she just doesn't want to film or she's
tired or she's cranky cranky let's be
honest oh yeah she does want to do a lot
of watching I thought they were coming
down apparently she's still chatting
so let's explain as much as we can
without giving away stuff we're not
supposed to give away about what's going
upstairs we're not supposed to give
anything away you just think it's a
project that may not even ever ever
exist so I guess you guys that's all
really we can really say but that's what
they're doing up there Mikey and his
buddy came down from New York today on
the side on a side out are we gonna make
an announcement now we go ahead let's
just do it we were gonna get everybody
the whole family together and explain
this I think this is a good time to do
it hmm
okay guys after a lot of thought go for
it so Caleb Shannon was just sitting
there and one of our biggest worries
with his his channel is that eventually
if we don't do something that our fear
is that I don't know if you guys know
this if you ever watch your subscribers
you'll see they go away sometimes
they're not actually going away channels
get removed and deleted if they're
inactive and so one of our biggest fears
is that one day it won't be there
anymore because it was inactive for so
long so we've decided after a lot of
thoughts of figuring out what to do with
it that we're gonna make it kind of like
what we call a legacy channel it's a
channel that we're going to upload we're
going to get one of our collab channels
and a theme Channel and it's gonna you
know be as close to what he would have
wanted it to be as we can and work I
mean let's be honest he wouldn't want
minecraft but we couldn't figure out
that's too many gamers all think we can
find how to do we couldn't we couldn't
figure it out so we went with like
comedy and fun and and the good the best
thing about this idea is all his old
videos are going to stay on which was
the main point behind keeping his
channel active we couldn't think of
another way so we want we didn't want
his old channel those old videos to just
disappear and so to keep with the thing
that theme that he come up with right
see war is let's it go back though cuz I
need to explain something real quick we
originally had named his channel blaze
and outlaws when he was younger was two
baseball teams that he was on
in the blaze and outlaws and I mashed
them together and that's what we named
it but as he got older and was producing
his own content he and some of his
friends I think came up with the arrow
like so he was flimsy arrow and so we
wanted to keep in that in line with that
and so we're naming it the arrow action
is that fun yeah it was a good time cat
a secret now for table you have a new
pool table that's give it when your see
I can't say we can play right now we can
definitely go see your new pool table
talk about the nails we check it out huh
what was the lead in the backdrop this
is like emojis they release new emojis I
didn't even know about that so Oh what
are you gonna do if you don't like the
bull table oh you got chairs me a chair
stay why do they are they so master
 new puzzle I'll show you it's a
new pole set here it is a little bit
bigger I still gotta put all the stuff
on it you want to help do that first
break on the new table if you don't hit
the balls then it will be an ultimate
fail but go put your sucker down not on
the anywhere near the table all right
will she fail or will she succeed no
pressure will this be the ultimate
failure okay no pressure
remember Center the ball maybe center of
the ball no pressure
very good well we got tired of the pool
table so we decided to get rid of it and
we went with a ping-pong table instead
just kidding you guys it's just a
ping-pong topper two in one
no fine I don't look at a peacock I mean
it's just quit now cuz it bounced a
couple times on your side not a goal
when you get it past them but you can
walk it no not if it doesn't have a
table got a hit his side you're so evil
you guys Haley's up in her room like
organizing her desk she wants to
rearrange her room and I don't know if
I'm up for that
yeah I laughs well you guys were still
filming a secret project video don't get
too excited
there's so much Hello Kitty I'm sorry I
got distracted by a cute dog
what is going on this is the clown car
yes guys if 7 o'clock at night and we're
going to the mall get in your seat my
friend can't you see my friend get back
there my friend before I beat you in
quit calling you friend and quit calling
you and start calling you you say that
she's at her friend's she'll always be
my friend no matter what
really you're my friend too so we are
getting in this car because I have no I
need this cuz you're so tall I think so
yeah ok so the plan is to go and film
Mary Kate's video at the mall she's got
a dance with some mannequins actually
stand with some mannequin mom I'm doing
it okay yeah you can do it too
accidental if you add if you add a at
the end of stem it really gives them the
a whole effect okay everybody get your
noggin okay
let's go haha Danny's like can you film
me but I don't know what's going at me
here no no Haley Haley grabbed the wrong
jacket she grabbed a knees
nailed it yeah yeah you mary-kate yeah
I'm in the mannequin challenge you don't
have to move much hey you doing it now
are you doing it oh wow invited em in
front of everyone yeah and
oh Jesus ready ready ready ready ready
are you conditioning Annie yeah could
you missed afternoon practice you got to
get them right hey you got a joiner no
no you thought actually wouldn't get
back up again
bend down like that I guess if I get
down on one getting back up okay okay so
we're doing the mannequin challenge and
there's like a lot of funny moments one
time we were like in one of the little
shops and this person was like laughing
staring at her just like straight faces
like a mannequin and we talked to him it
was really funny and another guy and we
were acting like dogs because there's a
mannequin dog and he was just kind of
staring at us because like he Owen Shaw
he was like okay okay and then when I
wouldn't got out of that store there
were these like football players looms
like a hat thing so I like opportunity
and I still threw the ball and this
other guy he stood up and he caught it
like everything else worker yeah like
like he caught it and I was like yes and
then we were laughing about that and she
ran into what's her name Sally
nope that's Ellie oh he's very close
it's a tragic fine you're fine with
horns on oh my ears and this oh okay
so we're all as family gonna go
downstairs and play some ping pong
teams what one of the team's gonna be
and we'll figure it out then our versus
losers ok but like so I'm Oliver hmm
she's so bringing down the stack and I
didn't find it I picked out
granola and cookies so it's like a
healthy plus a treat and it's every day
which is are you more worried about
doing things right or doing the right
things
hey like down
so the question say is are you more
worried about doing things right or
doing the right thing I think you know
the right thing right thing yeah yeah
like just I don't know kick like if I
get something wrong I don't like who
cares I'm always wrong I'm always wrong
but yeah we're gonna school underneath
this what this is the pool table so we
can take it out off that's so cool yeah
skew hey what is this one it's another
game of pool okay guys so don't get to
come to LA coruna no the question of the
day is are you more worried about doing
things right or doing the right thing we
will see you guys tomorrow
are you sure she knows she's an expert
ping-pong player I thought you were an
expert we're going to try to hit the
ball
hey we are putting these cute little
girlies to bed and calling it a day I
know they already wrapped up but we
wanted to show some Hailey's cuteness at
ping-pong
sorry game over
good game yeah we'll see you tomorrow
everybody
what yeah I just wanted to show that
okay go ahead
always remember to celebrate life hey
babe thanks for watching Britt Ailey
