hi for me
right now I'm doing school but honey
oops cottage cheese you like that oh oh
I'm talking but look at the other dog
Piper is laying Gigi oh oh oh oh okay
okay
hi honey but I'm trying to zoom in
please you know one called you is
whoring that one called your name feels
so much better
there you are so I'm doing school we're
about to my hair for the whatever it's
called Thanksgiving party now we're
doing today when you kept pressing
things on my computer so you can have
I'm waiting and II know and um we are at
party a freak on party wouldn't be
called a party and all goodies are in
the back you guys and I lied all toppled
over but of you that feel of these are
that's okay it's okay just be careful
with them oh and Annie and I are both
wearing cardigans but I joined my outfit
for ours was in it face I had my outfit
picked up for a couple days I picked my
outfit last night
mine was like a couple days ago so I win
but we can be cardigan twins coming out
and get yourself likes to copy me
I'm too cool for her oh geez her her my
arm got stuck okay
well I'm wearing my new shoes me too are
there like wedges I'm not laughs you
don't you're in football we're always in
flip-flops it looks like it's really
cool down here because I'm wearing a
scarf secrets it's not really that cold
but I really wanted to wear my scarf so
I did
how am I gonna open the door they're
gonna open it for you I'm glad you sure
yeah I can uh I'll just knock my fit
who do you think's getting into the door
absolutely no one hi Andy how's it going
Turkey how do you do a couple gobble
turkey picture time
miss Jill did a wonderful job here thank
you
wrong miss Jill you're coming everyone
I'm confused I keep doing it
what okay now are able to go to her I'll
check in that was me good chair thank
you Miss Kim a Capote over I get Best
Dressed Mia I love it hanging like you
have that's cute you guys we weren't the
only mother-daughter don't dress up a
like Annie Annie take a full shot they
dressed like to miss minal and Arden
like just like us for soku yeah I took
mine off oh my gosh you had fancy shoes
like Annie oh yeah very similar yeah
they
again okay literally yeah
I'm seven she's like I'm just gonna
plant myself here yeah I should be
construction with ornate very bad I'm
just good yeah oh it was nice of you to
provide game to the chip no I love it
okay okay I'm in charge of numbers pick
a number
nobody know your fate of work who you're
sitting by although you guys are all
like best friends okay there's no bad
one yes I got me and we'll make sure you
know where you're sitting Haley because
we're gonna take the numbers outside and
put ice in there they may not be
together though they are I can see it
they are you never know if they were
like across from each other as I'm there
you guys aren't separated the numbers
continue numbers now for where you're
sitting at this table classrooms and you
got in go see which one where you're
sitting is we're gonna take the numbers
out and give you guys ice whose neck I
see I seen your glasses
oh that's where they are right now so
you got to know where your number is no
I got to oh you got to I got two numbers
I wanna be number two given six pedagogy
answer go upstairs and see where
the candy please don't get married three
felony already got three use that in
everybody Annie she's like yay oh my god
oh my god Annie never highest and you're
right next to alright anybody was never
in your voice
okay so much you're sitting by no one so
what's the craft it looks for fun weakly
I'm not sure Oh stupid use my own lonely
alley which is what I got turkey bomb to
Turkey likes fellow people it is my cool
everybody done fantastic I still don't
think they know that where they're
sitting
they were supposed to go look Wow ready
they're kind of excited about food where
are you guys hungry
ah Amanda starving look at all that
yummy food
I think peanut and Amanda are very
excited about their placement there's
the buffet has started I want a bite of
everything right ahead I will soon as
this line gets down a little bit I'm
ready for that and the mac and cheese
and the chicken let's see what Annie's
come up with our plates not very full
few broken bones just crack today not
mine Mia's moms and Arden's is broken
we're not surprised about that
Wow let me go help with drinks I said I
would help poor which one am I in charge
em now do you want to be in front of the
peach iced tea you sure yeah
all right anybody want peach iced tea
okay everybody um not so beautiful I'm
not a waitress you guys so apparently
I'm a vlogging waitress who else wasn't
alia fantastic mommy in the water
I don't think he's like that's really
funny what are you guys doing ha ha ha
telephone tell them you're late to the
game Annie it's a good one are you the
one that gets announce it I taught it on
breakfast peanut I can't play this game
because I can try remember it oh it's
still going what was it
Artie what was it arted why is great
wine is great and so we're great
telephone continues
Mary's patiently waiting over your join
Mel something this game makes me so
nervous to Aprilia some kind of song
very shortcake I do the work all of the
ingredients were missing for my favorite
Thanksgiving dish that I was going to
make another pot oh it's a mole and
people take that's so cool I need your
house stampede
all right what is that nibbler for this
what nutmeg I did know like nutmeg yeah
so do you know what the recipe is for
yeah oh you do
oh my god that honey yeah we did it
visibly unhealthy virgin means my
favorite it's no base so it's allowed
sampling is eating as people of sample
do I need a sample I feel I need to
sample my gosh just in case I'll let you
know if you guys had a good job or not
oh wow that's a full-on sample that was
like real well that wasn't even thank
you Katie
Dana just a sample the mess off her hand
wow they're really good you guys I've
been on fire one get promotion yes I was
in bed potentially what I wasn't
thinking ugh like that's not even
grandma back for I don't know I had my
actually I can show you if you want to
picture behind my hair's looking tilting
can G do picture it is it's beautiful
out here
and warm
pardon your fluff I know I thought it
was going to be chilly today we're
really wanting a little bit of chilly
weather can you guys tell fire scarves
sweaters make the dessert and make the
dessert announcement I thought you were
mad at you now it's kale you were in
Somalia I'm in trouble presenters are
scary
your mother scary come here
all right I thought dinner smile don't
you it please mean Oh
all right tell him tell him what's going
on we thought there would be a little
bit more excitement at all what are you
doing oh these are a cranberries you
guys are late in the game 43 44 45 46 47
48 49 50 Wow Arden that was probably the
most classic hiding spot ever seen let's
go little hide-and-seek before Jim found
him yeah what is this is
which car high boot okay I'm right here
okay so five you to Jim kind of not
really
we're running because we are late for
Jim we hold that yeah okay
ready to begin she had to run back in we
had to find her gym bag to find a jacket
and what else um that thing in your lap
which is a patent it fears cuz I'm
organizing my desk but what is room I've
had have to do with that I have to watch
it so when I get back I know what to do
Oh your organ I think like that video
now have to watch what I'm confused I
have to watch this video
haha so I remember what to do
hmm like because they do know cuz they
do cook good ideas for your debt okay I
think yes it was a video about how to
learn and reduc yeah we're gonna go to
the mall and they think but trying to
talk to Katie's mom and a letting Katie
go with us
but now we got to wear one shoe and one
shoot puts them off that's going to be
weird at the mall okay you later okay
so at the mall you think you're going to
walk around like that you're just like
this it's going to be perfect okay
anyway we should be here
so you know that will be interesting
that's true you don't think people are
gonna notice or you think people will
notice get marketed yes cuz I cuz people
already did nervous not exactly she got
me she was that Carolyn come you why yes
I know I get stairs probably 800 people
stare at her 1 2 3 4 5 per often notice
carefully kitty are you okay with this
yeah I'm we're gonna run to the mall and
then I'm going to come back and get
Haley it's true half mom and then I'll
swing or buy a house that's very kind of
you thank you um and we are to the other
way we are the other way the other way
okay you don't injure that yeah no
injuries fake as a social experience is
this all experiment I love you and he's
trying to get her Instagram posted no
I'm mounting it
buddy oh you posted already horses and
she's like she keeps it hostage
hey what day you on 8 318 you didn't
know Andy's doing the Instagram
challenge posting every day for a year
patek I tried and only got the two yeah
I tried for two days all right
this is happening this is really
happening Shoeless girls why why why is
this okay it's not okay all right so the
plan of attack is I need some makeup and
I'm gonna get these can take you're
beautiful just wait Oh
eight overs knows wheat okay and then
I'm gonna feed you guys oh we're gonna
get rid over oh that wet no that's why
I'm not putting my foot in it we're good
he's a brand new socks you're mine oh
that's okay it's the gray pair okay what
do you guys want to eat something quick
I'm good with anything we're like ice
those are fast 45 minutes from God
picking hailey let's just get some aunty
hands but what we had to do dinner your
mother gonna feed your diet my mother
got home my mother is not a big dinner
person she is want you to have a full
healthy meal like punky and yellow fruit
my energies know miss Jill I am sorry
and IANS by muscle too much of a
pushover
they're so cute how can you not give
them a pretzel when they say pretzel
especially when you add the please it's
true
okay guys so that person there when we
checked out was like what are we so nice
so nice she's like you didn't find me in
person and reaches a sunny she's
everything yeah she's totally bother me
bouncing pretzels we're gonna go back
after okay I know Chris Gayle I hope you
won't think we're poisoning her they
forgot a very important part of the
story we are cutting into getting Haley
time so that's why we're walking so
super fast
it's good it is for a very generous
cause she was the nicest lady for real
I've given him a hard time about not
bringing them pretzel their drink she
forgot to drink I need to be satisfied
with pretzels
oh my gosh my feet artists hope add
onion pointy toes
huh I can't keep all the wound
you give him Oh totally don't you just
about yourself
real yeah yeah she was cool
I got uppers wheat congratulations
I got my first um anything else I got my
first uh nothing I got chameleon on the
close-up animal game yes so we're apps
and game now whose let me see it
oh you did a good job
hold it nice and still nice Haley Joe
daddy he's gonna do it he's a master of
rips yeah she's trying to be observant
and then loved hating you mean
meditating meditating while you're
levitating hey you know what all right
so my feet were hurting so bad and I was
whining as we were walking through the
mall but not over exaggerating Oh shoes
did you wear the deathtraps
how many units oh I don't want to hear
it um those they're super cute you guys
and I will continue to wear them is
awesome getting worse socks with those
all right let's do a question of the day
ah we've had such a long day gosh I got
one if you're certain island you got one
thing if you could bring one item I'd
bring a boat not your blankie
nope cuz then I can get with the book
I'd believe it though hmm beat anything
what if the boat ran out of gas
well then that's not good and I'm
stranding my boat no blankie
gasps Hayley what would you bring on
your desert island a captain soon nice I
mean I mean say they can feel like
though pick a captain the water you
don't have a sailboat you're you're
stranded on a desert island because that
guy can build things I would bring that
guy who could survive in the wilderness
yep that's who I would bring that man
missus laughs I feel like we would have
a good chance with him that's why I'd
bring okay
a good chance but maybe not a good
chance with you hmm
oh he would take care of me I would
bring a time machine so I can go back
and warn myself not to go to the island
that's a good one anything but wait why
mine was really good it was a boat
remember when I said a boat and
everybody's like oh I think time machine
wins mommy well life is crazy crazy all
right my friends like we have to be like
you mommy
look good Liz hey Liam beat up in here
and getting roasted in here and I was
like you today oh my goodness we've had
a good day we were Thanksgiving dup we
are good that is nothing good deeds we
did our good deed for the day yeah
comment down below cuz we want to know
the question of the day and if you were
stranded on a desert island what is one
thing you would bring by see y'all
tomorrow friends tomorrow
always remember to celebrate life
but babe oh babe thanks for watching
Britt Ailey
