time for my TV good morning guys so this
is like real Monday hair bad head not
naughty it's just messy
it's Monday Meunier like fry a type of
thing bringing to it
no it does Meunier fry yay yeah the week
starts over I wish it was Friday well
we're not very exciting fun day so we're
gonna make sure that we are pumped get
pumped any but it's a Monday right yes
doing a little shopping not really
shopping is after-school snacking
cleaning out the dog room or you just
walked in from picking hailey up and
this is what we got going on cleaning
out time and get my flat tire fixed I
saw the car was gone
yes well this should be your easiest
week of spelling yet you don't have much
studying to do I'll have to use Clint
hmm how do you spell cliff see Li ffs
what all right we'll do it a couple
times that's the best she's done on a
pretest I only got one wrong look at
that nailed it
got Jim tonight huh we've got I'm gonna
go shopping while you're it I'm Jim for
your your project you have a project
you're doing what's your project about
what's your topic ng China ancient China
so Wednesday you have to do a project
right it's called independent learning
and we've got to make this thing all by
yourself hey China is that really old
stuff you you don't
she's very impressed by fire jokes so
you know what you're gonna do it about
okay what do you need me to get you
forgot well I need a live that's cool
what do you need you're making a what a
collage okay and what what do you need
me to get favorite out we need to get a
cleaned up math in here I need the list
my friend this is your project a little
bored poster board check pictures of
ancient China well you're gonna help
pick pick those yes and then voila
probably glue glue okay scissors you
have scissors at school okay so glue
glue
and glue glue and glue then it can you
picture in your head what its gonna look
like okay do you have markers at school
yes okay so that's gonna be an easy list
so tell everybody what exactly you're
doing about ancient China
what is ancient China known for their
inventions pair inventions what are some
of their cool inventions that you're
gonna put in your collage gunpowder yeah
compass yep mom are well I don't know
why you can't see oh marble knossos
crete it was like screen printing or
something like and then it was like
paper right paper making oh yeah he had
a print print paper print on paper so we
learned a lot and now Haley's got to go
to school on Wednesday and put it all
together and I hope you get to bring it
home so I can see it it's her first
independent project well I'm not in
charge of its good or not I'll just
scream and yell at you if it's not
perfect cuz that's not okay
perfection only are you making a mess
and PS I'm just joking you guys as long
as she does her best you series walls
you doesn't work as long as does it
perfectly you guys I'm good I'm kidding
as long as you live perfectly hey get
him a car I'm just kidding oh Allah I
love love are you ready for this are you
ready to shake the Monday blues I have
like been so well it's Monday all day
and I can't shake it you have it good
for you give me some of that I want some
of that mmm then your knee no your
energy than your knee I never knew it
but for real can you hurry up and get
out huh I did get it I love you you're
really pretty
oh did we just get locked in Lonnie
sometimes our are creeps me out
okay I'm out I'm free I'm free let me go
gar let me go thank you
she's scared let's hold her she could
 my back your back bend really to
park you can go in the park high up you
gotta push the button goofy oh they're
gonna be an excellent driver when you
grow up
oh my foot my foot was off asking you're
in neutral okay I'm gonna get a ship to
dry I'm gonna give it this okay - what
part whatever that to drive okay well I
just talked why
how are you today we went like this tell
me tell me what were you murdered no you
don't get to know we went through the
drive-thru because Annie said she was
starving and she couldn't wait you don't
like it I'm done with Jim and I got tea
even though I hate tea smart I'm gonna
try it because trying things is amazing
but it's blueberry mango
ah I didn't want to happen
Brett today that's amazing one and a
half times around in a layout position
and then lands and punches into a front
Pike Creek I'm kind of nervous it's not
that bad
is it good or is it just not bad I mean
it has a tea taste to it yeah definitely
has a deep taste out like the pea taste
Oh again I mean if I like tea no but
it's good if I like to this would be
really good too hey guys you're now
Joe's boo I don't want to see school bad
during school but I'm talking like this
because I'm trying to convince myself on
quantity school so yeah maybe so yeah
I'm doing school and maybe when I feel
like I caught up a little bit I'm gonna
do some makeup and I'm doing science
right now I'm learning about maps hey
guys so right now I just got home home I
just got mr. new home I just got back
from gym and we have GG GG's in the car
I think Joe so I realized something
today yeah we need to bring her out more
she's so nervous around all those people
like what are using socialize more
hi dr. Doug um just so you know we need
to take her places Marshall why Kevin no
actually like it she needs to be
socialized she shook and snorted the
whole time huh yeah she needs to be
socialized oh yeah mommy
Hey
okay you're on time oh that's why you're
home so early
look at what money is doing she's
sleeping on her old rotten bed she is
such door I love her she looked what you
looking at
and this bed it doesn't fit better
oh yeah is the bad hey guys so I just
should have music plays so go check that
out and you'll see why and all of this
guys yeah so sorry for question today
chee-chee-chee tarde okay question the
day is if you could have an accent which
one would it be
oh I am British my Revere country X oh
hi you
oh yeah you know you oh yeah look at
that base how could you not love that
base I don't forget comfortable of us we
wanna know wish of the day is if you
have an accent if you had an accent
which one would it be
bye guys see you tomorrow always
remember to celebrate life ah baked
potato baby
thanks for watching the tailee
