time for me right over the dam and we're
in traffic but we are going it to me see
on labradorite each has never been oh
she's gonna out be numbers if I went to
the shoe barbecue with the best day of
my life yeah and there's this one place
I used to let me go soon as what I own
likes and motivate way what to do is in
place where I used to live there's this
fresh out and I don't remember what's
cold but they gave you dough taking
Jenny's you got to play the show geez
yeah maybe I was huge and equines and
they ate pretzels but I have that within
will but then it flew away because the
wind was so strong what like they're the
first time Katie and I were here we were
talking about how we were gonna have
matching boats and we were gonna like
trot along
I'm to go to LA yeah and we were gonna
rest up together but that ever happened
I was making musically and I trying to
make a black screen and I didn't think
of like putting it anywhere so I put it
in my mouth and then I watched it like
Snowden so that's like totally what we
think of her like black bears black haha
and then I watch as a oh that's good I
started typing and I watch me I was like
oh I almost put a song that it's like a
remix and I've tried it like I tried
doing it as dancing I tried doing it
like as in regular musically but it
doesn't work it's just like this random
song on um
it's like something about Jesus example
it's like some something I don't know
but it's like really catchy but I like
can't do it I like this like 10 of them
stand on it
mommy fail of the day number one I
brought auntie an outfit I'm complete
whole outfit because we're not going
home right now we are straight from gym
to lunch to get hailey to go to the tour
and I show to the outfit and the shoes
and there she's like those those shoes
don't fit me yeah we have about 20
minutes hush your mouth
oh we got about 20 minutes before we go
and get hailey so we're right by them
all we're gonna go find some shoes real
quick Annie gets a new pair of shoes out
of the deal because I'm sure you had 20
pairs of shoes at home that would have
worked and I brought the one pair pan
that doesn't fit you you look
transformed from a gymnast now all right
show everybody the shoes we grab real
quick BAM
they're like taller uh-huh and they'll
go with everything
yeah take the tax off the bottom height
accent
you have your sticker give it like a
price tag on about him just tell me -
sighs oh guess what sighs these are
these are five sometimes she wears a
seven my um blue shoes are these are
suburbs
oh in your dreams you were a seven
I wear a seven like for real all right
so we are in line now usually a 7 to get
Haley we're transforming in the car
we're gonna pull over she's going to get
ready and then we're gonna go get Sydney
and Luke Sydney and Luke we're taking
with us because they didn't have a ride
when I dropped him off with her mommy
her mommy her mommy will meet us there
and that's it that's the plan
we're gonna see some champions on tour
get it cuz it's the Tour of Champions
why you guys fans Boyd cuz we're going
to the tour of Champions buckle up gonna
be yeah we're going now now like right
now yeah in my clothes oh I forgot
you're in your uniform oh well you're
fine back love for you give her some you
know what share with George the dark
evil house cool really good how was
school did you turn in your project you
were working on yesterday did you get a
100 like did she be like she was like
Haley this is perfect squirrel do this
me
did you drop pencils on this paper oh
she worked hard on that
yeah I know you were asleep
some of us got three hours of sleep -
previous night watching the election
whose fault is that
elections we're going to the Kellogg
story and Tour champion I'm gonna fix my
bun because it looks really bad okay
bunny did it mommy me fix that isn't
funny we need a fix NC bonds to methane
no it's just horrible
so horrible having got about a horrible
messy bun oh gee I thought messy ones
where the Messier the better
battle-ax s best a morphic that don't
worry about it it's got to be a good
messy bun down
he's one of their for the rest of this
video and yeah it's gonna be fun we're
gonna cheer on Sean and it's gonna be
great
Julia oh they're struggling to be anyone
loud like bangs it's people's minds what
is real this is like oh yes Wow it's
like a stream giveaway every single
member goes pitch black and some people
I'm like sprint topic or and addict open
tomorrow so spending about yeah two mats
every single show is really talking
about all right you guys we just got
down to the Verizon Center for this
Kellogg store and Sean got us down on
the floor what stereo so a little bit of
warm-ups going on floor tour or
something
chop stalks gonna be right here here's
the crew mmm you know it's all the way
down Chuck cook start at six I think so
doors open at 5:30 and what the doors
are gonna open warm-ups going on top
talks about the stove
Shawn's getting her warm-up on right
down there
which is super warm someone's on the bar
over here
you
me
Hey
you
you
name
me
you
me
me
well I'm nasty lookin and I'm also very
excited for the Kellogg start and I'm
gonna bring out some of my friends and
teammates but before I do so I want to
let all of you guys know that we'll be
taking questions from all of you in a
little bit let's bring out our athletes
all right we have Jenny Rahman
Wittenberg Alex
our favorite color favorite event
favorite food player who is turquoise
favorite event is balance beam and food
is sushi my favorite food is sushi as
well favorite color is aquamarine and
favorite event is pommel horse
my favorite color is red of course my
favorite food is pasta and my favorite
have been as pommel horse pommel horse
that was not never believing when you
say that this truth you got look more
like a ring guy or any other event
befall how about you Jenny my favorite
color is blue my favorite foods / guilty
pleasure be a lot of cakes I favorite a
Veck since I do respect Erastus would be
the club's I would say my favorite
moment off the floor was in our
apartment we were total nerds we rent
the entire Twilight series together we
watch I think the miracle right before
we competed and we spent our downtime
drama and putting our drawings all over
the walls to decorate it as wallpaper
okay I didn't ask this question tonight
but thank you guys so much for joining
us at chop talk and we hope you enjoy
the show tonight
they didn't ask my question
you're the boss we won't do this
you
you
you
you
you
extremely sisters
before I left
dear kids are always turning her
it's intermission here at the Kellogg
tour and snack time everyone how you
feeling
not good huh
ask your father
oh maybe means now
Oh
okay
baby does it always be
we'll get along
he's at eleven Alabang and what time
earned up to buddy could have practice
in the morning
are you sure
I do a quick picture
not
Oh
they
you
so be just really cool now we are
hanging out waiting for Sean
I don't know chilly out here but we're
going to go straight home and put you to
bed do you like the show yeah who was
your favorite gymnast down there did she
pay you to say that goodbyes are never
fun
see you soon that's right bye there's
going to be a little bit of juju on that
beat going down did it play oh it's
going it's going
if it plays if it plays it's trying
you
you
we've been jus doing we've been
musically we've been snapping we've been
self iing you know we got a reason you
got to reenact that hug cuz I missed
your hug with Sean I'm not missing your
Andrew hug goodbye okay oh you're
punching him yeah we'll see you soon
we'll see you next time thanks for
having us
well that was very official hey guys I
want you guys to guess which one is
really asleep only one of them is really
asleep what
I'm gonna give you a few seconds to
guess
might have woken both of them up on that
all right we're going to go ahead and
wrap up because it's been a long day my
battery's flashing at us and we are
almost home but yeah and this one just
gonna go straight to bed so we thought
of a great question today
hit it inning
are you a morning person or night out
we can bet
I
- Bogardus
so you like sleep
kind of boat I'm gonna I'm not vote hot
either
I'm not either kids I go to sleep early
but I wake up late they over Haley does
now you have to wake up early I guess
I'd be more of a morning person
definitely a night owl
I am definitely a morning
I am used to be a nighttime a night out
for sure but now I think I'm more like
Annie I want to go to bed early and get
up late for sure
and one but I'd still say I'm more of a
night out you're more of a morning you
think if you have to pick all right guys
we had such a fun day we're gonna miss
Sean and Andrew and probably a little
while before we see them again you just
need to go I should beat bucks I'm
overtired bye guys don't forget to
comfortable Lopes movement no the
question of the day is are you a night
owl or a morning person
bye gang always remember to celebrate
life ah babe thanks for watching Vitaly
