hey guys it's your Sunday morning dance
- featuring school no featuring school
oh my goodness so Haley is now almost
caught up on her week of the new system
of school she's got about four more when
we say form or checkmarks so that's why
she's doing school this Sunday and he's
doing school this Sunday and she did
some school yesterday because she hasn't
done school like there was three days
this week that she didn't do school so
we're making it up right now
yeah no you don't get out okay you were
behind - because of the new system so
you didn't get a weekend this time
because you did school yesterday -
during school today no and then tomorrow
your new week starts so if you get all
of your week done Monday Tuesday
Wednesday Thursday Friday you can have a
Saturday Sunday off I don't know about
you you had like all the days you were
on tour you hope you did one day of
school once I not only know if you did a
whole day's worth so you should have
what it could have but you didn't
something like that all right so that's
what we're doing this Sunday morning
it's about 10 o'clock on January nope
we're done with January February 11
today is the 11th I got some stuff going
on we've got Jacob's tour on the 14th on
Salt Lake City get your tickets down
yeah it is Salt Lake City you can see
her get your tickets Atlanta you can see
all of us February 16th tickets down
below
let's see chicken girls comes out
Wednesday I'm giving you all the stuff
so you guys can be ready and prepared to
watch or see or come to whatever you
feel you may need to come to and then
also Annie's new song orig original song
little things is coming out also on
February 14th yeah cuz Sunday and this
will be up Tuesday yeah so what's gonna
happen tomorrow Salt Lake City
little things drops a ridge the original
and chicken girls season 2 don't sing it
yes you guys Wednesday February 14th is
going to be crazy
can't wait alright we're gonna get our
day started they're doing a couple more
hours of school I see that there you're
like you're both having a break snapping
back Andy does live in a break I feel
like her phone should be away please
stay tuned Andy's filming today Haley is
all will be on break right into your
face what was it let's get a close-up of
that I'm so yeah okay you know that this
is not a great place for milk but at
least it's like oh just a little bit at
the bottom I clean bathrooms two
bathrooms down this morning two of to
clean towels ER and mats are being
washed my bathroom is also cleaned and
I've loaded the dishwasher so I'm
feeling productive
the multiplicative was that a word
inverse so y'all my hair is a mess I
have this thing I while I'm taking a
break from school because I just
finished something I'm gonna cut open
so was filled with all these like Barbie
type of looking things but Haley crush
them all so we're gonna cut it out in a
bowl underneath go oh it's all squished
you squish this - it's almost quit oh my
god I'm scared you just dump it
everywhere it's gonna get everywhere
it's gonna
okay just cut it just gonna you're
making me cut it cut it cut it I can't
do it I can do it okay okay that doesn't
know I it's so pretty
oh it's so pretty okay
we cut it open it's so weird like yep
that's it all right
daddy's on the phone making reservations
oh it's blurry making our flight
reservation or changing flight
reservations there was a mixup but
anyway I just got a eyelash off of Annie
cheek it's a new make-a-wish
okay so I've got it I have to make a
wish have you ever played this and then
we say top or bottom oh hey roller
skating Queen I'm Annie's making a
little got the wish top or bottom
yeah it's gonna go on one cuz it okay
top ready top is my pointer I don't know
if you guys can see it but yeah your
wish is gonna come true you guys I hope
it was that my mom is gonna get a
massage okay
we're posting on Instagram we're
announcing three days three days four
little Dziedzic yep lunch has been
ordered hair is still terrible but
that's okay yeah done school probably
still will do a little bit more today
probably will end up doing a little bit
more today but it is what
I'm really not a mess I mean I went to
happen
but cameras blurry we're going to film
for Brad
nope not chicken girls all I can say
will say it's for brat but it's not
chicken girl
you know that's me so yeah
my ears are popping so I'm thirsty but
all mommy drinks that I disgusting this
nothing
he doesn't drink water I do just not
enough I got a lot of water the other
day yeah a whole couple no I got my
quota for the day no you did it yeah you
know I didn't exceed yes I did how do I
do that I was I needed this
thank you very much but now I'm 30 see
now we're talking about water and
somebody that's on this on Thursday and
I've been putting a moisturizer on my
face
so yeah let's do this thing we all were
on the Senate Oh oh my god we're in the
arcade
it means Oh Mac many some so many
members day we just eat chicken girls
here at the same thing I came in and I
can I'm an attorney who's 90 degrees in
here we're burning we learned that
should apply some hot outside because we
had to go out today whether it is about
a little tiny spot I have parking
parking place and we were the Lighting's
terrible be flashlight down lighting is
really bad enough yeah that's pretty
much it that's a we found someone like
these you guys probably am obsessed I
could be there peanut butter pretzels 2
of my weaknesses what's it like oh you
like peanut butter and pretzels and he's
getting changed
they weren't fond of this purple shirt
hair is getting changed wardrobe is
getting changed
baked I don't know about that you guys
I mean I've never seen baked like Lay's
but these look even different Wow
don't do it don't do it this is a little
hit yep I don't even see it so cool I
have to she's got a little color in her
hair purple hair you don't get to know
why she has purple hair but she has
purple hair so that's kind of fun
that's kind of fun alright we are
wrapped know would be a really cool
picture hold on hold on him
well while she's finding it all that's
right here she lies this is my mirror
selfie ready
I didn't work oh yeah dude it will work
okay so she wrapped because we have to
be on set tomorrow for chicken girls
early early early at 7:15 so we had to
wrap it is 7:15 p.m. right now so we are
headed back to the apartment it is
chilly out here I swear
la ere the Sun Goes Down and it gets so
cold elsewhere I hate him Jacob and Zach
go to Walmart every night I know they
never go to Walmart when we're with them
I know we did once we did once but hmm
that's because we were parked in the
Walmart parking lot yeah what do you say
noon - hmm we want to go to Walmart boys
I don't think they really got kicked out
he was sitting in the bin and they
didn't want him in the bin yeah yeah
okay guys we're going home we're going
to sleep actually we got to wash this
out we're gonna just rinse it out and
chill then wash your hair in the morning
up annie has to like most the time wash
no it's gonna get all over your pillow
Annie yeah sit well watch see who wins
I'm gonna win whoo there's our trailer
just kidding it's not our trailer guys I
don't know who is it
Rob I don't know why I'm following you
to your side we're gonna play a little
game on of gas of Haley's awake or
asleep we just walked in and it's quiet
in here yeah you go over there and
decide if she's awake or asleep she's
awake that's your guess positive did she
move you just know she's away why do you
know she's away clothes computer put a
blanket over her head you see anything
here no grace oh well yeah is it real
die it will come out soon like in a week
fine me huh they didn't even ask you
there yeah they just did it I was like I
came out and I kind of looked in my hair
and I was like this is chalk right and
they were like no it will come out on a
week is that okay he was like oh yeah
now it's okay
quiet Fred the scene that we did today
he's like a dancing scene I had to fun
so I was like right here that's why it's
like some funny things right I'm kidding
it's chalk he'll come out soon come on
time I think the next time I watch it
did they ask you yeah so what do you do
tonight nothing I heard daddy had a
headache yeah because I think he was
gonna take you somewhere but I guess I
didn't happen you need to get rid you
bit of romance I know you probably would
have been like I'd wanted to stay here
Oh hole your leggings are ripping it's
all those muffled okay so we are going
to wrap up right now straight into it
because you guys both have a 7:15 call
time again what yeah whoo
I have never heard of that or not that
blue French bull that's
no matter he or she whatever kind of dog
blue
yeah whatever had dog okay
that leads you to the question of the
day you get a new animal what would you
name him or her earlier Daisy middle
name would be hills it would be a blue
French Bulldog oh my gosh everybody I
would be a white boy a blue French
Bulldog that name is blue that you but
it has to be like has to be like really
tiny and fat like had like one year no
Balu well that's a good name
a fat stuff all right she's gonna go
wash that out yeah they're gonna go
brush your teeth and we got to get up
pretty early cuz 7:15 for both of you
got early because she hasn't changed it
since winter technically technically is
still winter tomorrow
no it's called right December to March
all right guys thanks for watching today
bye I wanna go to Bora Bora Oh
our cruise Disney Cruise has been you
know just drops oh no we're not doing
that I'm not doing a helicopter again no
okay no what okay
good bye that's weird
don't do that comment down below what
you would name a new animal if you got a
new animal okay a cat a lizard fish
bonus footage
we're like five I know but I'm so proud
of her look oh I got her one so like I
mean hornigold got the Browns look at
that
good job I always remember to celebrate
thanks for watching the tailee
