hi for me
hey everybody good morning me and Haley
are going to go downstairs and play some
pool but before we do that I want to
teach Haley how to like actually or
shoot the ball better play so today we
are going it to eat with uh Shawn and
answers
I'll let some of their Olimpo Olympian
friends and we got to invite some
friends and so we're gonna invite Kenzie
and Haley Trent Alexa watch the back
right right so backing with it so you
have to go and place it like this and
put it on top of your thumb on top of
your thumb look just do this this is on
top of you if I catch a trap before to
figure out then
now you want this so you want this and
look at me look up online in the back so
then you want to have a study
Thanksgiving right here and it's going
there so look with it
one house that same thing and you wanna
just like that just like you're the ball
I'll try to hit Center try that blue for
about to shoot a shout-out video
mommy should I show them what the
shout-out video is should I just wait or
should be a surprise now you can show
them if you'll get excited about with a
cotton ball challenge and we're gonna be
starting to try to do a little bit more
shadow videos let me give some shoutouts
Sam has a legit shout out this isn't
just a challenge like Jill school
rotation is the schedule it so much so
let's get started make sure you tune in
um that wrapped up my shout out video
it's been a while oh that was fun I
forgot how much fun they are she did and
she was like trying to not sneeze we're
going to dinner I mean lunch or with um
Sean and Andrew and friends and we've
got to go get your friends gotta go pick
up Alexa and we gotta wait for Mackenzie
to be drop off cottonmouths I gotta
sneeze bless you bless you bless you
look at these I don't look at the light
I'm not gonna get on my fancy antique
hover for the nod on it's not on no I
guess it's not cuz I would hear it you
know let's not do that
so play us a backfired so we are unable
to go to lunch
what can I do but that means I've got to
go to gym you were gonna skip gym it's
hard when you think that you've got
plans and then those plans change and
then you have to go back to what you
would have been doing what she would
have been going to gymnastics or school
so now she's got to wrap her mind around
going to gym gym is like mentally and
physically hard so now she's got I like
get in that zone that's how she was
trying to explain she couldn't explain
him like oh I didn't want to go to gym
she goes well now I have to go to
prepare to go to gym and I was prepared
not to go to gym so I was like I was
like oh we're gonna have lunch and I'm
gonna come home at like 6:00 went over
the double-a on my iPad and now like
well now I'm gonna go swing on the bar
it's a mental sport so as well as
physical 30 take a shower so we've got
new plans different plans but I think
we're gonna see Shaun and Andrew
tomorrow well at the show we may not see
Shaun maybe an evening no cuz we're
going to the show we don't see Shaun at
the show she's not very good
she's in the shower I just meant like
backstage I don't know I don't know what
kind of tickets Andrews got for us
so go with the flow you guys roll with
the punches it's all good Edwin Julian
didn't I say something wrong last time I
said said roll with the flow
roll with the punches yeah go with the
punches
go with the punches
any really these two have decided that
they are just like twins because I just
asked them a question and they both have
the exact same in here we were doing
something like making something and I
was making an H I am it we book and and
I was like what about us I make anybody
a for Alexa fun so we're gonna go shop
and eat since our lunch didn't work out
we can forget it we stuff to eat we're
still we still eat and our hungry but
we're gonna get them all cuz that's
amazing oh ma it's about food I had more
food and then we're gonna shop and what
store we going to class see they're
twins
for dual in no cars no we're dropping
Annie off so we're waiting for the
father finger - gasps oh hello Haley in
a role of is you've never been a roller
coaster how would you know cars cars oh
that's true you did read cars the first
time she loved it and the second time
she wasn't so sure which is opposite of
what it should be like this to try it
it's not really like Aladdin this yeah
you write like if she's ever done
there's a little scary you sit in yeah
like like I cut isn't it kind like
Ernest fish why am I like drawing a
blank
nothing it's like so you wash it and
then get down like stitch catch out at
the two
and then like he gets alien the lights
turn all up and then I had to turn on
the flashlight
smart smart to rainy day there's
something exercise at buckle cool
oh they do have a kids section oh he has
a small kid Section six of that she said
that
oh we're having a discussion on a wide
chick-fil-a
spells their words he's wrong yeah we're
like a low cuz that's how callous would
spell if they could talk
right can you still read it yeah does it
confuse you a little bit kind in your
like um
yes right glad you guys know how to
spell crack Lacey this is just a
challenge to see if you really know how
to spell Oh
good that'll work we can put it like
that and then they've perfect yes their
guys are scared they're shy they don't
want to be on camera already gonna be
tired but then we did handspring the
whole step belts and I haven't done them
in a while
on the beam when she says handspring
layout step-out on the beat we're
talking about on a four inch beam but
like I did them but I hadn't get him in
a while so I was getting on the beam but
like one of the high beams now you're
like drones the adrenaline it's gone now
is gone and I can't even though I like
I'm working 25% ins with a spot with a
with an art in spotting me with ankle
weights twice and we can't go home yet
because Haley still has another hour of
practice so we find ourselves again at
the mall we had the little ones of the
mall today and now we have the big one
the lion the sleeping lion a song about
that and the jungle the mighty jungle
the lion sleeps tonight your neck still
hurting sad lion-o kids like thrown AFET
oh no they're not thrown fits are
excited did you smile at them excited
about them all okay let me go up time to
get in the car I was that excited to get
in the car okay
we're gonna be excited to get in bed
than I in a long day you have a date of
life snuggling on the couch I'm watching
on TV
sniffing OH because your bed is too soft
no never
really
she looks like she's gonna fall asleep
enough store
we found a few things just say the least
right
probably not the Hat all right that's
pretty good you guys let's go before if
you've all been played well we didn't
get very far out of the store before and
he woke up a little bit and decided that
she wanted to play with baby toys and
you guys wonder why one she's too old
it's like her little Lambie but for the
rattle and now I'm not buying it with
her I looked a horse buff you guys
oh my bad first any pony tail like this
episode bully somebody have a babies or
I can buy this reality in shiny tail
right and then there's a believer hmm I
admit to being a crime and we're gonna
pick up after ourselves because we're
good like my it helps with spelling guys
if you just sing it hey what masterpiece
did you make ye penis so Hayley after
this movie I'm wrong so this is
something we got in Texas
we didn't get we didn't bring us Friday
in Texas and we got it here can you tell
this is like an healthier healthier
Trump yes so Hayley suggested Shep wrong
so this is - the one that we actually
did Texas because we had crunchy peanut
butter who but we gonna get crunchy
peanut butter so I know I listen I'm
making a little dessert for Haley after
Jim dessert
meddler we should have marshmallows on
them I would make it really sweet yummy
this is what I like to wait and then
yeah mmm
come take another bite gonna be four and
half you can get both mmm five of these
you've had five of those in your whole
life in Texas
mm-hmm this is your first one here
outside of Texas Hale I guess what what
it sounds gonna bet why are you still do
I am serving papers and so she's
studying for a paper oh my gosh my
hair's a mess all right okay guys so the
question of the day is would you rather
have a 1/2 I'm so tired
it's been such a long day mmm would you
rather be a fish without fins or a bird
without wings I'd rather be a fish fish
without sin because bird the only reason
someone would want to be a bird is to
fly I feel bad for penguin and Oscar the
emus fly now then I'll fly more dirty
don't forget you've gone without me we
want to know the question of the day is
would you add there be a fish without
fins or a bird without wings
Hey always remember to celebrate life
Beibei thanks for watching Vitaliy
