time for metalli
good morning everybody
um this morning for story and we are
headed to park to go to bed I'm with you
asking as a question are you making a
statement been doing tryin
make her talk correctly Hailey's decided
that she wants to take a nap this
morning she's skipping school but very
educational we've got like uh I hate the
word div she's like it is we're hanging
out with some pretty cool people so I'm
tired like you wouldn't waking up an
hour before to go to school so she got
to sleep in a little I don't know what
this is about I think she just used to
sleeping in the car in the morning right
isn't this normal apparently there's no
parking in this garage
let's waterway on 100 yes so we are
meeting John and Angela can ii said and
i think some other athletes may be
olympic one yeah once we get into the
pentagon i'm pretty sure we can't film
um I'm certainly careful I'm pretty sure
the sun's gonna come up tomorrow but um
well maybe get some pictures and stuff
so I heard we can take that they'll take
pictures for us but anyway guys allowed
to look but they can talk look for a
little while we're not there yet they're
gonna join us on our metro ride cool
welcome boys
merci
sorry if I'm going to be a little shaky
were filming we're filming on my phone
because I thought thought it would be
easier than bringing the camera
against the rules Haley's away
hey everybody
I gotta here
interlace your fingers
much
yeah we got all authorization that we
can shake a lemon take pictures right
here today but we have the US Olympic
gymnastics team here visiting the
Pentagon we were out there giving a
quick tour and they saw our legendary
pull-up bar and just like our soldiers
who workout every day so they're fit to
fight our gymnastics team our Olympians
do the same thing so I'm introduce you
to some of the great Olympians why don't
you tell Mercury yard where your front
lanes burned and win from Columbus Ohio
all right Shawn Johnson from Des Moines
Iowa Barry Sanders Toronto Alps in the
door Arizona I'm Jordan Weaver Michigan
Chris Brooks Texas
Jay Dalton nomadic awesome all right who
wants to go first
do it go boom I'll get to Andrew we're
gonna do Ted today cuz we give it 110%
notice that my arms are just as big as
this guy Haley you ready alright next we
have Halley's apparently I say awesome
you know where we go one two three we
gonna my way all right
wow wow wow that's an aggressive this is
what we're talking about this is a few
me future Army Ranger this year we had
three women graduate Rangers the first
time ever there you go we gotta get her
to West my get an application must wait
right now mount to my turn okay here we
go
so listen I'm an Olympian I was young
Chinese army but trust me but I feed or
not all ibattz are you keep doing this
and then talking the same time but we
appreciate the Olympians and athletes
down by our office curl bagel from the
vices officers here the head girl bingo
your record of speed we got 29 today so
your uncle quick come on by one of the
Olympians be honest with the a charisma
you
okay you guys oh sorry guys I'm on my
phone
Dennett sinigang
how do you think about me get it was
good and now we're at a restaurant down
the ventilator Hailey's the only kid
right now because Annie is in the Russia
where we can have her phones they
wouldn't let us film put too much in
there yes yeah we wallet I'm logged and
walk I think I got a step oh I'm the
dunes in weight immediately it really
didn't really matter I literally think
every walked three miles 8000 steps this
morning member you ever watch out yeah I
would say like okay are you switching
sides with me oh yeah you guys are
Neverland we're gonna get through
demented
all right we switch sides no I chicken
tenders yes you better go back the
chicken
in your baby this is don't know why
she's go darling today
understand
anything have a couple that are
musically
I'm break and naptime
action you guys these two are wired I
know why she flipped the little ones
wired she took on that again she'd slept
in the car she slept on the train she's
left his restaurant and I don't know why
that's not our car probably because I'm
always really tired stealer go to the
gym but how about a gym we miss gym we
were gonna we were gonna go to the gym
and afternoon practice but mommy's bed
you have my bed my bed is my boy has
come to bed in the world or whatever you
want I chewed walk you guys this is why
we don't get anywhere you guys seriously
so I'm really good at looking at houses
no copies are clean in an election party
it's election day a little dated be at
the Pentagon I wanted to be a lodge that
we've invited some people over maybe
they'll show up to our party and we're
gonna watch and see who our next
president is you guys history will be a
no matter what because it's always
historical when a new president of
elected you would be no stay out there
feedback did they go everywhere well I
just turned the camera on cuz I looked
up and there was a Haley up on a counter
oh my gosh it looked like it aunt no hmm
I didn't get that yeah and the broom
Ellen I just judge okay that's okay that
it wasn't your fault you can help us
we're all one family one team we work
together she was helping you and it
dropped okay
nope didn't blame it on you
we're trying to keep the dogs from
eating the sprinkles okay I just wanted
to show um the ice cream making I
thought I was cute and then BAM we all
watched it all unfold Ram the broom
oh it's downstairs from when we clean
the leaves up just putting that out
there we tasted some beer playing pool
and I won you're still watching it and
it's like 11:00 so me and Haley came in
mommy's bed no Randall election the idea
in the crisp it's a pushin a kind of a
soda is if you had to speed the spending
a meter yeah okay if you had this video
if you had to spend the rest of your
life eating the food of one country way
I like one country the born creature
eating the food of one country which one
would it be
I like Thai food where is that from this
high Thailand
yes Lucy food
wait I'll give it chinese-food
Australian American food American food
who doesn't like American business a
Thai food but like I think it's time
that I like Thai you like x it's so good
it's not even good so good I have I had
a and Malaysia no Singapore well one of
those and it was so good like I ate
everything Lee it was hi
did I like Thai mmm and you I don't
think you like that place you got that
like spicy soup yeah mommy
no no mommy ate it because you didn't
like it
oh yeah okay anyway so don't forget to
come down below cuz you know the
question of the day is if you had to
spend the rest of your life eating food
from a different country or is the fruit
from one country which one would it be
bye guys see you tomorrow hey doodles
always remember to celebrate life ah
baked potato baked
thanks for watching
Vitaliy
