hi for me
we're taking over the section of the
vlog yes I heared you about to enter
into a foreign country we don't know if
we speak like well we know we don't
speak the language and we don't have an
interpreter we have our list if you were
watching it not make the video if you
were watching the video the other day
well Sean an Andrew our friend Sean
Andres coming to visit here's the thing
we're sitting here watching John and
Andrews Channel and they posted the
perfect video it's just what I needed I
was kind of laughing at first they're
coming to visit next week and I know
that they eat healthy and so we're
watching this video
it's called what we eat and they're
legit showing me everything they buy at
the grocery store this is gold this is
so helpful I am gonna go to the store
and I'm gonna buy all these items so
that when they come stay with us they
are comfortable they're going to be like
oh I thought we weren't going to eat
healthy that was gonna be their cheat
days we're going grocery shopping cuz
they're coming into town and staying
with us and they eat a little healthier
than we do oh so we wanted to make them
feel comfortable so they have a video on
their channel and this is some of the
things that made their shopping list we
wrote them all down
elusive English we might get a little
lost but they're coming today
so we're gonna venture into Whole Foods
I mean I've gone to Whole Foods before
we're trying to be a little funny here
but um I'm hoping they're gonna teach us
why or by putting some of the stuff in
our house they'll it'll teach us silk i
i've even that cuz i used to put that in
my smoothies that i my healthy smoothies
it i used to make so we're gonna go try
to get these i don't know if you guys
can see it but there's a lot gluten-free
sugar-free organic and she said
something else sugar-free very organic
every might be fat-free so all of my
favorite things you like fat gluten
sugar and donald dinner
I don't mind organic I don't even know
that word means I just get a little
nervous when we start talking about
sugar-free you know forgetting means and
you don't know what organic means I
guess I really don't either I thought it
meant like nothing was added to it like
you mean all milk all of it every single
bit of it
no people add to milk weird that's what
I say
so all milk is organic I thought our
gaming me it came from an organism which
would literally mean everything did you
remember your passport that account of
this foreign country oh the walls is
organic we're in the right place
my god
we did it you guys love to eat and you
guys
most importantly we survived yes it's
quite the experience I hope they're
think of this was fun as we did
oh you know no big deal just waiting for
our friends Sean and Andrew to get here
but I have sad news I don't know if
they're gonna make it here before you
have to leave for Jim I know so you may
have to wait until after Jim to see them
this is what's going on behind me no big
deal again typical day long house
that scared me for a second I'm like nah
out now
I mean billions to edit that out now
Megan - hey do you like her armor if it
weren't her you're fired babysitter pick
up your weights everybody I'm doing your
own oh okay oh all right
oh sweet sure how it's done are you get
Winnie Mary hate you really I think I
first not gonna do it yeah
you had wrestling grip I love all right
now a lot heard do Piper and you do
Winnie look who's here you guys only get
me they're all gone and got comfortable
you're there the sweatshirts on does it
look like it's your size so are you
trying to say that's also our charts are
supposed to fit
did you sitting on yeah they're thinking
someone's gonna give them food what you
got
who's your favorite Olympian I'm just
kidding
I won you know shrim one like eight
again iterate the question is yes what
would you do differently if you knew
nobody would judge you Oh who's
answering first you know I'm the judge
you
you do a ki jagah day every day you
dress wacky baccy every day
Dan's like that I'm judging you you
can't judge me that good
I probably acted weirder weirder
Andrew Andrew I would like to ask you a
question is that possible yeah I don't
know if it's possible follow them like
like I'm interviews and stuff you just
be like yeah no more modeling directed
this is what I would wear pajamas oh
yeah well haha this could cause you to
death up to them
gymnastics words I like words yeah um I
pretty much do it I want to walking ever
I would always take hoverboards the
rewards everywhere do not beg I'm so
lazy like this is awesome
you're jealous okay I know what I would
do I got it I would tell people when I
was not interested in what they were
saying we'd be big choppers i sublet not
interested any kind of does that to
interest to secondarily honor I got a
really good idea to make more of a video
cuz you guys failed at the vlogging
today we I should try to cook you
something oh I don't know if that's a
good idea
why so cuz she's got a crack Oh make me
cookies cookies really happy never make
them when did you break up that's true
that's true life is good in D Omega
do you have cookie Nexus Q sweet sweet
thing I have to call myself out rolled
away real quick one time I was I was a
grocery shopping so I don't cook very
often that's no um secret and this is a
long time ago but I was an adult and I
think I probably had a couple kids at
this point in my life probably right I
was in it I was going I wanted to make
cupcakes so I'm in the baking aisle and
I'm like I can't find it anywhere so I
call my sister and I'm like Missy I
can't find the cupcake mix she goes it's
just cake mix I was searching everywhere
for cupcake couldn't find it anywhere
right last-minute idea we are baking
some cookies you had everything we
needed I actually can't believe that we
had everything we needed JEP all you
need sugar and sugar and flour behind
you yeah the recipe we're doing sugar
cookies Annie so what you decided huh
sugar cookies with preheat oven to 375
why uh I dunno how to do that pre come
on you got a selector oven one no you
guys select your oven yeah upper or
lower
that's our Hey look at me teaching you I
think you want lower lower
and you want chef's bake and then you do
it Wow
yeah bay-buh Bible jack and then set
start yep and I'm gonna be really
embarrassed when we open this oven cuz I
think he spilled something in here it's
pretty gnarly in there
when you cooked last time and spilled
stuff all over in the oven you clean
inside the oven like um well that was
that Hansel and Gretel yeah
Sean's like I'm cooking dirt I can make
my recipes without without looking make
me one yeah this is a brand new recipe
okay we need to Haley's over here
coloring what you color it or what
you're drawing and you need rolling hey
here's I'm sorry I can repeat you
there's the million dollar question how
many oh sorry
hey Julie I didn't know you were talking
to me don't say it with a British accent
I have to I have to jolly
it's there's no L in the word drawing
Jorgen is Jordan hmm how many people
paper have you gone through
oh is that how many got me do me and
know who is Jordan
Charlie please Thanks whoa there you go
but it's a Rosie teamwork very very art
you should put a little rose in there
it's my one enable one egg mommy where
the egg in the refrigerator
oh I'm kidding waiting oh there's a
rubber band on them guys look what's
going on over here
mmm you want to crack it you know around
the other excellent car get in here no
pressure and then just back on the edge
little bit harder
hi guys I hate leave over there drawing
cover your baking this is completely
opposite I have to admit that I did a
really good job on my beer yeah wait I'm
fun to aggravate your kids you guys okay
I need you the big woman I need
everybody's alright quick little
personal that supposed to be a pencil
Haley uh yes this is I thought it was
the earth at first but then I thought
nope no and then I thought I was wrong I
second-guess myself and I thought that
these were eyes I don't like oh I
thought that was the earth in my head
I'm having this conversation legs end of
it it's here I'm never gonna fish are
you this how Andrew does it and she does
it with a camera and a phone all at the
same time he's got to get double footage
not a lot of people can do it no evil on
top oh I can do this I want a gun yep
with the riveting Hey look at it - the
husband's out there don't ever tell your
wife we just make you cookies that there
that's right gentlemen don't do it oh my
gosh you guys undercooked is my favorite
you're caught we intentionally underfoot
I don't like it I mean I love it's not
really good the dough was good - I'm not
gonna lie yeah always remember to
celebrate life
potato baked potato babe thanks for
watching Britt Ailey
