hi for me
morning Annie are you straightening up
it's very hard to straighten pillows
when you're laying on them
all right Annie's outfit of the day is
gonna be completed by hair what are we
doing my hair is like so light I mean my
like scalp is like so tender right now
because there's like in a ponytail like
holy day and huh what are we doing today
we're gonna do a braid here connected to
a braid back here so it's gonna be two
braids like here or meat hair basically
and then but in terms of that but we're
gonna braid it yeah be braided down
basically the hairstyle you were last
time with this outfit yep it's gonna be
quite the uniform all right so I guess
any straightening up before we start
I've talked her well
got it kind of a little bit of a mess H
money's at gym this morning on the new
vore man she got it before you I'm sure
she is she has a meet tomorrow sure
she's tumbling on it all right my
friends was it like your blank on how to
do with it you would rub that on your
face oh the inside so key yeah why we're
keeping it away from you why I just
don't with mine easier coaches and you
can get when you away from me
mommy help oh hell your hip popped I
dare you to wear those out can i yes I
am
you're not going to wear them dear
but it was I joking there it's a danger
jolly wrong how do I'll be dead
hey come on daddy let's go get that one
to do it
bye big Invidia you kill you trip all
over your own shoes all the time
oh now I'll be paying attention walking
around like a clown oh okay
I do that's better that's better no way
that would be so funny
good funnies that would be hilarious oh
oh
fake pockets fail for overalls there's
no oh my gosh she got ours you're gonna
don't want they don't want to be part of
your shenanigans yeah when he's like I
always am late to the party
I could've gone on TV back dang it it
was on you - and easy get what I'm a
bass pretty sure I belong on a top you
know one scheduling right she uses her
weight I know you guys hey I don't want
to come home with odd get a pit stop at
Home Depot to find some tire
for Christmas Christmas lights Christmas
lights get it baby she's got really cold
I'm not gonna call him Christmas lights
yet and we're on our way to go get Haley
and we stumbled upon these cuties and
they're gonna be our new buddies Italian
Jeff Sally yes how much are you saying
oh you look great
what happened why you bought kids I came
to the wrong bucket and you scan um how
we did it
I bet you would have been expensive
Annie oh you're on a cam a good look at
Sally Enzo oh right grab your buddy
Sally in bed I think you can grab them
both that's not weird at all hmm
this is how we Thanksgiving they were
looking for Christmas decorations and I
put my foot down
we don't know Thanksgiving and then we
stumbled upon some Thanksgiving I'm like
fine we will do that I think she just
wanted to buy something right and when
you said no to Christmas she settled for
Thanksgiving it was a lying
there was immeasurable if you feel there
will get him Christmas happy mommy just
stole cycle Jingle Bell thingy majiggy I
have him in my hand I was vlogging we
totally just walked out of the store and
forgot to pay for their eye before when
the dogs he's gonna try to teach the
dogs to jingle them when they need to go
out you guys I just totally walked out
the door she was like you I'm gonna get
picture I'm gonna get a picture of Annie
with these guy and and she's like oh my
gosh
I just sold the boat again Billy is
gonna go take them in and pay for them
now so we're not thieves you guys saves
the day now I won't go to jail I mean a
bit you ready to go in the trunk
I went Mia natural ample in the store
and I had in my hand I walked bloody I
said my wife's a kleptomania ya know I
did oh my god I cannot believe I did
that was so distracted like let she's
filming like just cute little guys I
walked out yeah I got in lining I paid
for them
see oh okay hey I got too much going on
when I feel last unintentionally steal
how was it good I want to hear all about
the new floor Annie does not any closer
you know she just didn't she didn't want
to see it but you want to hear about it
is it more springy or less scream it's
more it's more springy I know it takes a
little while to wear in so it might even
be more springy than that did you do
your beat the kitchen wares yes on the
new floor yep how'd it go
yep was it good yeah and miss crystal
your fabulous coach told me that your
vaults were super amazing today
like we needed to remain lost tomorrow
that's true Haley you should have saved
them for tomorrow
don't be super amazing today when you
can be super amazing tomorrow terrible
model
okay so where we going we're gonna go
smoke um no we're not gonna eat snow
cones because it's coming into the
winter and we're gonna go eat some lunch
and then we're gonna go see the movie
troll oh yeah
trolls I'll use the loved role of when
I'm a little I had like five I do I
might start collecting them again still
have troll like now I don't have I had
some when I was little your little not
so little I was probably why am I
talking like that
hey I was probably in but we don't
warning oh yeah probably in between yell
anything
what are your 20 years now I was
probably in between they did you sleep
it anything except am I to blame food
you know there are you being Blinky's I
still sleep with my thumb not both of
them with me Phil it's amazing you good
to be good body man I suck my thumb
great long live it the horrible habit I
even went like years later I used to
still dream that I was sucking my thumb
anyways I had a blanky for a while of
receiving blanket Electress whatever
blight a newborn boy I can't worn baby
blanket it's called a receiving you ever
really attached to your boy jukkalan
alright my friends are the slight change
of plans
my girls already know but to inform you
we're not seeing trolls today because
the tickets were sold out we're gonna
try again tomorrow and we behold yeah
Mary Kate and they're gonna go with us
tomorrow after Hayley's meet we're gonna
see them maybe today yes so we're still
gonna go eat he's not too late we are
not going to that place and not touch
I'm not going to the pet store laughter
bye
mommy's been over rolls and he decided
that she's a big girl
and she's gonna get two patties so I'm
gonna show you how much of those two
patties she actually eats she did it
I told him I doubted she was going to be
able to get it off yes she's never
gotten one before let's go three minutes
for eating at that guy's oh the mama has
a big table guys know the longest way
ever so we love story rush draw nothing
burping out breath today but that's okay
there's a little leaf blowing disaster
here a couple days ago
leave standard on the leaves got blown
in the doggy door so we are putting the
leaves back outside where they belong
where's back to their home you guys it
is finally time to tackle this room in
our house
time time cut
we got the carpet cleaned so we're
putting everything back in this room
the carpets now dry looks so much better
the having three dogs who sometimes
refuse to use the bathroom outside on a
rainy day they choose the carpet so
that's lovely so the girls project right
now is just get all the leaves outside
yeah and they're gonna I think they
wanted to clean yeah we're gonna it's
kind of dirty
um so that's gonna get all clean we're
gonna clean this up we're gonna clean
all this off so we can see how pretty
everything is oh look at this
magnificent after you guys we are pretty
much done we've got trash piles
everywhere although gymnastic stuff is
finally set up again oh that's trash and
we're finishing by wind Xing Loen nose
I got look she's waving to me the side
that way is there spiderwebs you were
cleaning out there and nothing because I
know some of it spiderwebs our cleaning
has really been slacking in this level
what was your favorite part the Windex
Oh gross you guys know guys when he's
snuggling with her bunny well it's not
really her biting it's a haze bunny in
GG is snoring and Piper's just chilling
and the lights are dark cause it hurts
mary-kate dies I am just copying
everything my sister says peekaboo ICU
what are you trying to do this well you
just have to keep practicing we're doing
some art who got all the crayons out
that makes me a little nervous bigger
weirdo straight that's he did she did it
well I'm gonna beat her you want a tip
it's very sharp not a lot of people's
door not sharp so if you want to make it
look more realistic kind of smooth it
out a little bit
oh I'm very good at me okay I did not
work gay your common same thing yeah the
dog just ate some steak initials in this
for we've noticed it's like a B and then
I or T yeah true I see a B or K or an R
it was like
askew v1r I see quarks could be an R
with like a little yeah wines or king
okay I see what you can see okay good
all right we need a fancy Dancy question
of the day because we try to do
questions of the day and we like to hear
what you guys think and we do read it
we may not comment on all of them but we
do read them okay so oh I know
in the drawer let me go get one yeah it
is would you rather be able to eat as
much as you want with no weight gain or
only we are or require only three hours
of sleep a day no no eat eating eat as
much as you want with no weight gain
we're only require three hours of sleep
a day no cuz I like something yeah but
you wouldn't need it okay so you're
going with the no weight gain and I'm
duh of course I am
I would eat Chipotle and mac and cheese
and something all the bad things for me
I would eat them all the time Annie
would you say food mm-hmm okay hey hey
how do you feel Haley tomorrow's the day
you are you freaking out a little inside
not at all
you're not nervous are you nervous Ida
are you gonna rock it
mm-hmm okay well we're all gonna be
there you're gonna have a whole cheering
section this is all this gangs gonna be
there I hear miss Carrie is gonna go
I've got my sign ready I'm just kidding
I didn't make a sign
so be better you did not where is it you
didn't make one that's why that's what
liars sakes yeah anyways um okay so if
you didn't know Haley's got her first
meet tomorrow
tune in to her channel le Anja me to
find out was that make you nervous
talking about your meet that's gonna be
posted no I've got an itch under my eye
anyways
tune into le Anja if you want to see how
she did that'll probably be up on
Wednesday and we're gonna put it up
there the good the bad and the ugly
it's all gonna be there what what's
wrong so subscribe to Hayley's channel
so you can see that and we will see you
tomorrow yeah yeah we will we'll be back
tomorrow how this whole thing works
daily huh bye always remember to
celebrate life ahh baked potato baby
thanks for watching
Vitaliy
