time for me
good morning everybody um it's Friday
and guess what I don't have him mastics
hold on I'm gonna try to hop on this
table with one arm here we go I'm gonna
drop one okay um and today third point
gymnastics um I thought that hanging out
with Miss Carrie would be fun and we
were talking about it yesterday and some
of the hang out with Miss Carrie today
and it's gonna be fun I have no idea
what we're doing she's just coming to
pick me up at like 10:45
so um daddy is fixing dragging through
right now
he's what it's like this fruit we had it
in Singapore and Malaysia well no it was
not a plane on going to Joseph or
something yeah but we had a bunch is it
good no good they're just not very sweet
their wives me a lot of a Kiwi yeah
flavor really feels like a give it yeah
like you can make the law Charles like
bowls
I dislike nothing when you get to the
seat yeah
just like you're clenching something
no playing ball in the house
children processing hospital like you
play it's kind of like musical chairs in
the back you play a song oh you made it
- hi they came in the doggy door what's
your get scared watching this kid here
he's here not you Winnie Oh her oh yeah
her watch watch it your face yeah
this is what Annie does on her day off
from gymnastics she plays baseball it's
gonna be a baseball or when she grows up
a woman
why not do you wanna replay hello Winnie
so Annie where yeah where are you going
in today I have no clue
oh sure you going with MS Gary yeah got
a play date with Miss Carrie yeah more
Carrie
miss Carrie yeah her dance coach Wow
wings are weird to think you have a
dance coach yeah cuz you're a gymnast
miss Carrie could teach a gymnast how to
dance and she's amazing huh oh my gosh
Piper's dancin I read about good dance
so mysterious miss Carey's on her way to
where's the Olympic Annie up for her
playdate why she's really litter one
little one is know how to do this
doggy to her and you guys we are those
people who are getting Christmas lights
and hung whose fault is that
a couple days after after Halloween it's
not even Thanksgiving you know how I
feel about Christmas songs before
Thanksgiving
well you know how to open the Bulldog
apparently daddy scheduled lights to be
hung at least in the back right now is
that what we're getting just do them in
the back
Burnett note for now which your mother
who complained about Christmas lights be
it we're gonna get him in the front just
a little closer to Christmas like next
week Annie oh it's a tional candy day it
is it just been to me beef for a day off
he's gonna wear Andrews old Jersey I got
an idea
Joey take a picture of us were national
candy day laying on the floor and I'm
going to cover you in the Halloween
candy okay okay you guys go follow all
of our instagrams we'll put them down
below and you can see the Halloween
candy pictures one before when he wants
it for that this is it obnoxious at all
there should be a live moment oh yeah
that would be cute
here from there so do the Garda came
down here oh that's not it yeah you
could do it are you gonna do it
Instagram my moment or me is it
musically but Boomer this Instagram have
but moments I thought I had boomerang
boom get it perfect you want to do one y
ou know here and here's Haley who's home
sick from school who's not really sick
anymore yesterday her fever came back
and then she went to sleep about 7:00
p.m. last night no lie
actually she was asleep we got back from
picking Annie up but then she woke up
for dinner and went back to sleep and
then didn't wake up until 9:00 this
morning so we then we just decided she
wasn't gonna go so she's definitely
feeling better hopefully this fever
doesn't come back so that's the scoop
and she's not happy about it because she
likes school when she woke up and
realized that she was that she was wise
at nine o'clock and I'm not at school we
made a decision last night that she
wasn't going to go bye mommy live no
they would see all along and what do I
do to my present holds like four clips
and do I present hold on this one same
thing I just press but I think it's a
little bit longer there was candy good
yeah
cuz it here my face oh now clean this
mess up this is two-faced in a row where
we've made a mess miscarries gonna be
here any minute
I'm gonna close you you or I'll send the
dogs after it they're waiting with bated
breath to go attack some candy oh that's
crazy
the difficult decisions of life okay
today what I think is funny is how we
got Christmas going on in the back and
Halloween's still out here in the front
well in the house where that's crazy
we do not make sense Haley look creepy
nothin's still creep what it up creepin
I want to go and record sales you can't
say something mean and then say no
offense and think that makes it alright
come on why with a candy I mean Haley
come join in the candy oh one of the
throw candy at you know what is going on
oh that's disgusting looking what are
you taking my Instagram break national
candy day any something's wrong with
your father gonna bring me the candy in
my phone no because I'll give it over
for Oh Andy here's one a couple of no I
know exactly
Oh oh that's disgusting
cuz your father's crazy what is that
he's got candy all over him did you heat
that up know how it looks gross it was
dripping on your name you created a
social media monster Annie know that
what that's true they are on social
media you guys SAP miscarry it don't let
the dogs jump on her how much you're
eating
did you get good we still that's what we
just we finally combine everything this
is what we have left
oh my gosh it's cute yeah this is mean
lobster we didn't think so glad your
computer's sure we okay so miss Carrie
and I have made an executive decision
Haley's gonna go with them on their
playdate because though she's skipping
school we're gonna she was actually mad
when she woke up max okay good we'll do
a little school well she was mad when
she woke up at 9:00 she goes why why am
I not at school we didn't tell her we
weren't gonna send her because she's
slept for like 12
she wanted to go to her spelling quiz so
she was so mad at us so we're gonna send
her why did you change completely oh my
god the outfit you had on was fine but
okay hey guys
so um funny story well we just went to
the mall and we went to where'd we go we
went to Claire's bath and Bodyworks we
were gonna go to lolli and pops um what
is called lush um but she started
feeling bad but yeah we got some um back
mana work stuff but anyways so we came
back in the car and she was like I'm
probably gonna text your mom's to see
where they're at and everything and she
looks for her phone and we have no idea
where it is I called it I texted it and
we're thinking that she left it in there
baby this game plan is game Lana wants
to go back in
why did you drive closer to thing
corrupt so yeah you like to that mention
some enteries slinky left it probably
about mentioned yeah
we found her phone who never got the
body
they test their - they said well is the
key skillet and I'll like this carry you
know your case I almost failed this
possible we would have laughed they
pulled out another case and be like nope
feeling was crying and then I would have
come over there would you really
I don't know what I would do probably
freak out first okay guys so we're at
litres pees blood
we went and shopped - I feel like we
went and popped by when does it go um
possibilities are they here actually I
don't know
oh no Tosh pirouettes that butter that
is um and now we're going to eat and
they're going into the latest kitchen
it's really quiet
Hannah now just talking to a camera or
actually offered so a little
understanding while you're walking
without you be a thief I drove all this
way awkward anyways I have my fear on
you never got a blister and everybody
staring at me right now because I'm
vlogging and Latos okay so it's really
quiet where's the music in this place so
we just lost this Carrie's house you saw
Tyler oh my gosh I can't get my back on
my dress okay just all Tyler um I'm
getting in the front so I don't feel
like going back there and now we're
going to the studio oh no now we're
picking up Tanner um now I gotta do like
mmm speaking about that happy about my
musically yeah I'm not happy with my
performance I'm gonna do better next
time however it was a great introduction
yeah it's good beginning yeah I'm pretty
good beginner so you're musically well
you don't have musically yet but you're
gonna get one right how I am yeah I made
that decision for you
so you'll set it up for me then yeah
you're getting a musically so you have a
studio you're gonna set up on my phone
yep you had an Instagram I do you have a
youtube I do there's a lot of things so
what's your YouTube hmm have you
subscribed it Smith Family Circus check
it out
she's ratings you'll see them now you'll
see me and them on there a chance to
grin Instagram is CMC dance Co or Smith
Family Circus 5 hence I go for a little
both of those do it and then at YouTube
subscribe to be you did that's what I'm
talking about
do that you guys remember a few weeks
ago I'm not talking to you guys cuz I
know you guys remember I'm talking to
you guys remember a few weeks ago my mom
was in town and her friend Miss Pat was
with her she drove her cuz my mom could
you drive because of her knee ankle
whatever don't know ankle ankle don't
make me feel bad for not knowing my mom
has had a ton of surgeries I just can't
remember if within the yeren ankle this
time oh sorry
most on her ankle um and she sent some
presents yeah a little is here for me
add your name Annie or Haley did I get
that all right
it said thank you thank you can't within
is clear and thank you for sharing your
room with your sister so I put have her
room was very nice it oh I know you like
horses yes from their way decorate oh by
the way I hope you like this oh I think
there's a horse in there shut up bunny
about the side of the horse we're gonna
buy any your house
and what sweet letters I slept very well
I am glad I got to meet you there's a
box hope she left two breathing holes Oh
Oh miss Hayden every time we say oh
sháá Aidan oh that's a precious bunny
honey what about my baby horn it's all
right all right now we got to give us
how straightened out because we have
Sydney coming over we're gonna hang out
look at the lights you guys ah see
they're not too Christmasy so it all
worked out yeah it's almost like someone
played it sarcasm is not nice I love it
you guys it twinkly perfection looks
good
Annie's being mean she invited mary-kate
over and they just turned out all the
lights like they didn't notice that it
got really dark in here
shut up alloys and like circuit no
internalized oh we can turn them alike
for the gram weight didn't you dip up
not better eyes are teeth to very
excited about what she sees in front of
her this doesn't happen very often we
don't order Chinese food very often yeah
I never ordered Chinese special treat
yes you may that's orange chicken and
then what is this crab stuffing Shan
Shan like I hate how things are pickled
you know I think they're having eyeball
discussions over here they're sitting in
the dark over here hmm
are you guys getting along because you
both have the same eyeball surgery
didn't it feel like you're getting
stabbed in the eye yeah hailey you're so
dramatic
you didn't like even react like you were
just the younger you are the spiders
here dude oh my goodness
we're sitting out by the fire what are
you doing I'm gonna do why are you up
there
hailey come on yeah right it's a party
one of them burned out whoops we're
gonna play a game
name why are you screaming alright guys
who knows how to play apples apples I
think everybody right I know that like
saying since we've been be bunking
rumors on life we are not going to
London in December
I already debunked that one I thought
was we're going we would love to go to
London and maybe we will but we don't
have any definitive plans oh we can do
the accent watch Annie go do the accent
cuz I can't like a British yeah just do
it
British accent hey that's so
disrespectful
oh my god I'm like a crappy girl and
British girls Winnie who invited you
she remembers she was like sitting here
like this part of our little family and
then she's like oh I can get up Oh table
the dog really shouldn't be on the table
I'm just saying maybe she'll come sit
next to your beds
yeah the dog sheds can you make her come
next year oh well just being with this
watch yeah she'll play poker with you
Winnie we're not playing poker this is
not yes what she looks like
however I hi Winnie wait down there hmm
that's Annie or authoritative wood she's
trying to save Mary Kate thanks you're a
good cousin somebody who actually cares
much much tag you should help me we'll
see you guys tomorrow what should be the
onion question of the day what's your
favorite board game we know um Luc Sarah
aim
oh the dogs will eat them before I
wasn't he sure did um favorite board
game apples apples you're bad good point
but we'll take it is you know that was a
good point but it can be told why light
what he says he says but it's really a
card game card flash board game game ok
game Lucas Lucas a clover poker we know
we talk well poker poker let's pull out
what your favorite game like to play
with your family
hallo Leute zepkow I like clothes don't
want a clue that's a good one Oh Annie
said life I'll tell you when you're old
AHA okay mary-kate apples apples H money
she's novel Devils we will see you guys
tomorrow bye adios
always remember to celebrate life Hey ah
the baked potato babe thanks for
watching Vitaliy
