hi for me
good morning good afternoon or good
night
well it's afternoon here for us Haley
made it through the day we didn't have
to go and get her she went to school
this morning if you didn't tune in
yesterday she was sick sick a second
yeah oh you know I had proof that you
were sick
she don't tell anybody but I had to pull
why today did hmm
so hmm what's going on tell me all about
it it is good good yeah yep
you are very entertaining yeah oh look
what I was doing ripping her bedroom now
that's entertainment
hey G your daily dose of gg for all you
puppy lovers Haley how do you feel that
you have one more practice before your
first meet of these is gonna have three
more practices yeah but Halloween
cancelled one down you being sick
cancelled yesterday you have one more I
know what are you gonna do what are you
doing I mean you didn't go to practice
for a week that's before of me that was
not good planning hey Liam hey you want
to see what daddy's doing yeah
we're updating did you update mine hmm
we are about to wear well I wanted you
to help me with pictures on it does it
look good well is that gonna be her
thing we're revamping vani and Hayley's
YouTube channels to update it and
you don't have to keep it in anymore
just let it out
laughing we're gonna talk about this for
months you guys know Annie gets out of
gym a few minutes early tonight because
they're installing that new pink floor
and there's no practice tomorrow for in
for Anna you don't have practice
tomorrow I do
nope the next day so they do wait no and
then we go to your meet then we go to
your meet we're all gonna cheer we're
gonna have signs and hey say hey Lee
LeBlanc go Haley go with that embarrass
you now mmm
wouldn't if you said only just say hey
lee wan-koo that would embarrass you Oh
salute I'll be like hey you're the best
okay don't fall what are you most
nervous about which event probably your
for Lauren beam you're gonna do great no
matter what
is going in the day and your old floors
coming out news four's going in task the
girls are going to help rolled over a
practice is over
you guys might see the old floor do you
wanted me to see it here the first
layers off the blue is gone we thought
they were getting it to roll over no no
they were getting it to do handstands
because just thought wow all right move
over because Danny is in that fright leo
oh my god let's see if I can name him
SID
Arden Annie that Katie and Haley Illya
and Mia we thought we were helping
they're just posing all right Annie but
Mimi three-day weekend you look tired
do you feel tired how was gym sket good
anything great
anything horrible I don't have a spoon
that's horrible what are you gonna do
eat your yogurt how are you gonna do
that without a spoon do you want to run
in and get one no okay
well I'd love to see how you're gonna do
this someone's been slaving away on a
hot stove
well we while I was carpooling not
really carpooling look it's a little
baby potato corn on the cob yes I'm in
that corn on the cob infer ever
delicious
I guess she printed a picture of a
cookie cake a cookie cake
I'm so good where is she let's see the
dog food okay yep she dried Oh try to
Piper Piper smell is putting for even
you it's not real it's cardboard Winnie
that is steak come man eat Oh nope sorry
Annie
but there is steak going on my hair
second day music plays oh well you can't
do musically look like that why cuz look
at my hair
I see it okay guy get musically hair
this is not musically hair this is your
master yes okay did you yell at me
mom there's steak over there okay you
guys know where I was asking where she
was well this is where she is while I
was gone she crawled up in my bed and
went to sleep
play some qualified music right here
these feet because I'm about to wake up
for dinner or she won't go to bed
tonight
is it gonna be easy
but she's got to take a corn waiting
poor and a baby potato and open TPP
potato
what that little bitty baby but they
don't little baby naps are over
that's what my mom used to do how you
knew I was asleep
so Annie and I are here just enjoying
this view
Annie's new layout do you like it my
lunch is it that's my favorite part
what the musically speaking of Music
Live has a higher they going today I
only made two or they are you on
musically overload well I've only made
two and it's not working
what's wrong with it there's not really
good songs oh I'm sorry
I don't think Haley's feeling well again
she went back to sleep
what what does that have to do with him
not feeling well because she don't get
marshmallows don't get this is her you
proud your rebel she ain't get any she
went back to sleep you guys don't think
she's feeling well she made it through
school and he's on the hunt for
marshmallows the goofy girl we've been
trying on outfits apparently and making
music Li's candy uh not all day long
what are your plans for tomorrow so
school and more school that's that's on
your agenda yep while you do school at
home an idea idea like an idea what's
your idea come on Marshall mold are you
gonna do a s'mores musically no good do
you thank you instead of using a dirt
I've got a good idea okay so you read
about grind up some graham crackers like
in the blender and you know the my mom
Beverly nodded me because I ate all the
dirt on the vacuum cleaner and I'm gonna
like pretend like this is dirt cuz it
really looks like I don't eat it I'm
gonna be like hey just don't and I'll be
like hmm you got to do that tonight you
got to do it before this one comes out
so that people think you ate dirt and
then they're gonna be like oh it was
graham crackers but I think graham
crackers are lighter than dirt maybe I
have like dirt how does this what you're
making oh goodness
he's like I will try some good yes look
all right
Wow I'll be bunny we speaking of chubby
bunny daddy and I've been thinking you
called you dubby bunny that we need to
do start doing some challenges again so
I drew mouthful um so I feel that we're
going to give shoutouts and all that so
people need to comment what they want to
see and then do you think that we should
give shoutouts not necessarily on
YouTube but maybe on Instagram or
musically and they can comment their
suggestion and then where they want
their shout out like musically and
whatever they're musically handle is or
Instagram and their Instagram name you
think you think okay let's do that give
us some suggestions on what you want a
video about and then tell us if if we
pick yours we'll give you a shout out so
make sure you include what platform you
want that shout out on and what um what
your name is on there okay what let's
just
candy what's your favorite candy anyone
now okay um if Haley were awake she'd
probably say what would Haley stay in
denial I can hear you talk
oh oh okay Haley would probably say her
nerd
I think her yeah don't you got I know
okay you guys come play now okay what is
your favorite one
okay so it's a Calvin a milky way or
your patty those are faves
ya know how I oh you've just bumped her
head or not you want to be sure and
tumble well I can handle good I can open
anything so are you going out I'm gonna
lock up and I'm going ahead and Andrews
in fourth place and I scoop all the
content out and that ladies and
gentlemen is how you eat a roid
peppermint patty I'm so so glad you
showed everybody all right so we may be
back when you eat dirt we were just
talking about the how I didn't hesitant
tomorrow and I'm like because of the
floor we're getting a new floor um
except anything I just got a text from
coach Mary yeah I did and she said
there's actually a 12-hour practice on
Saturday glad he's cured she techno myth
Kari is the one that actually texted me
that's what she said tell um tell the
girl uh they have a 12-hour practice
tomorrow
Oh me on Saturday and I wanted to do
something together go shopping what
texture
okay you tell others okay I know you do
she's texture Taylor's okay oh you like
them all the same no like I don't I
don't call her your cherry lime is
Carrie I'm call
coach Mary miss Beth you miss Mary yet
but I do call miss Kim miss Kim or
sometimes they miss Kinney I say miss
kini in it all right we're back I
remembered we just made some dirt let's
see it
this is graham crackers with some Oreos
mixed up more yeah I don't be glad it's
gonna taste delicious the ED letter I'm
kind of figure out somewhere to put it
and then you can make your musically so
go check out
Annie's musically cross ham stands 7:00
and watch it and tell us how amazing it
looks and you are oh don't put it in the
vacuum that's disgusting
we are going above and beyond for this
music and what I want to do the my fling
the counteroffer a little oil I'm just
going to put it down on a lot like on
the counter and then your so the vacuum
push video come on put it on the ground
it'll look better on the ground
no it's clean the bore is clean okay I
could do it on the ground
okay tune into this musically to see how
it ends
see you tomorrow always remember to
celebrate life ah
a baked potato baked potato babe thanks
for watching
Britt Ailey
