time for Latini
good morning everybody I'm so tired
oh oh wait photobombing
Lambie kami and she doesn't want to come
in
oh my Wendy all right anyways so I'm
doing some school right now I'm all set
up um Haley's at school yeah there's a
little baby
yeah that's our GT my decent even
telling you thank you i good I'm such a
good film er look at my Winnie and me
she loves me hello my friend buzzer ear
where D now is disgusting yeah you're
either getting my nails done before or
after horseback riding don't know yet
because they're getting waited on like
look at this that's how much it's grown
hey guys notice something on Haley's lap
that's just in case she gets sick in the
car I got a call from the nurse while I
was getting ready for the day and this
is what is going on she is not feeling
well and II hadn't eaten when I left
when I got the phone call so she called
and said she was hungry and daddy was
doing something and like fix you since
then heat up some pancakes and that
wasn't good enough so I'm the drive room
and Haley's resting
thank goodness cuz I was like I told
Annie I'm like if she's not feeling well
then I got to come straight home so
she's got fever and she's nauseate 'add
but since she's resting peacefully I
figured I could run through the
drive-thru real quick oh right and he's
done with a class Haley's snuggled up on
the bed what do you do you're done with
the day you finished the day already
yesterday's day you finished yesterday
you didn't finish all of yesterday oh I
had one day left but I finished so here
is your drive-thru food that I went out
of my way to go get your velcome with
your sick sister though you couldn't
find anything at the house I didn't want
anything okay that's what I thought
I'm sitting here explaining it as I'm
filming poor sick Haley and as when I'm
saying it out loud I'm like that sounds
bad that you and Daddy couldn't figure
something outside I mean at home and I'm
like daddy probably doesn't even know I
bet she doesn't want anything at the
house mm-hmm
I figured he was just busy and he
wouldn't come up that's what I said at
first I'm like no guys you do your math
while we're eating a buddy doll a
breakfast not papote librarian not a
chipotle burrito there's always time for
that later though and Haley I think is
feeling a little bit better she's had
some medicine huh and she doesn't feel
quite as nauseated now that we're out of
the car correct and you're gonna try to
go back to sleep hmm
I don't like when my kids are sick
let finish getting ready for the babies
literally the nurse called me like as
Mommy I'm while I was in the shower
you're not okay no more spec Rebecca I
got it do you wish you were not sick
yeah you're gonna miss Jim tonight
and you have a your first meet on Sunday
I think she's gonna make it to the meet
I think she can make it to Saturday as
practice what did she say what did he
wait what did you say any yeah we're not
missing that meet unless you stay six
then we may be missing me I just think
you'll be down and out today and
tomorrow you're gonna feel so good but I
don't know if you can go to school
tomorrow
cuz you've got fever today if the fever
goes away quickly you can probably go to
school the nurse said that if it's a
low-grade fever she's not too worried
about it just depends on if Haley can
make it for the day but she has fever
all day today I'm probably not sending
her but if this is just like it's a very
low-grade fever
it was 100.5 when we checked annie and
daddy are gonna go horseback riding and
get their nails all fixed up and um not
their nails just Annie's now
and Hailey and I are gonna stay home and
snuggle
you
you
you
we got my nails done I'll turn it around
see the turkeys for Thanksgiving so yeah
now I'm going to gemo right now where
we're Wendy's getting some food
yep it's gone gone Jim I don't know if
we've announced do you want to tell them
who be here on my name yeah Shawn and
you're coming on Monday I'll be like so
this could be for Christmas - look with
the reindeer right let me see no not
even close
yeah if you just like bit paint this and
that's not nice lights go ahead son no
really if you if you just have the brown
I was thinking for Christmas you do um
red and green alternating and then on
that finger you do like Santa Claus or
Christmas it will be easy
nice chairs never dots and jessamine um
so I'm done Jim
okay I'm taking these off now what
because do it yeah my hair has to be
down really yeah they look weird
yeah one of my favorite show the Wonder
Pets I like the duck what's her name
again
wait wing wing wait Amy it sounds like
something hanging but like with another
what are the other ones named by my own
head are you so cute my favorite one is
the kangaroo in the Joey no no Joey oh
yeah baby kangaroo nature his name was
Joey Joey the Joey
so glove ever he said the same word yeah
I always say that word you don't say
that word ever
who are you I'm in grace Blue Book I can
say that now can't say auntie retailer
oh I can but like I don't actually say
last people be like why does she say
that is why God go back to videos and
y'all find out go we'd we look at my
nails you already showed your new mommy
wanna do I wanna go ever baby baby you
should have been a lion for Halloween
should I'm gonna be a next year because
I'm a minute be grown up there was a dog
lion it was with a Cowardly Lion and the
Wizard of Oz you I wonder if he's
actually actually a coward but uh yeah
we're the lion hate bears should I ever
got a better really good lion we should
do that let's dress up with The Wizard
of Oz next but I want to be the lion
Piper can't be the lion heavy Toto or
top fiber composite of yeah Piper could
be the Scarecrow when he could be
yeah what if this little munchkin thingy
and that's the cold munchkins
she should be one of those um mommy you
would be he'd be Linda the good way yeah
that's it I was gonna say daddy should
be the wicked man oh that's it man Haley
should be Dorothy and I should be doing
I can't believe you're stealing a lion
from Piper
Express my friends to be this care toto
doesn't have a heart and a brain courage
okay you'd be a cuter scarecrow mommy I
want to be a line when I grow up I want
to be a lion next he'll only be a line
excellent
like I can do that now because I got
good nails what you couldn't do it no
yesterday Oh what are you crafting today
it's a verb I just made it up
alright my friend let me see the book of
life by Haley blank should I write
you're right again Annie had that moment
in the car today to where she's like I
can say it but wait what's your book of
life about it's a blank life's about Oh
No whose wife Hawke
oh man all right let's dinnertime
it's the time where we all just hang out
in the kitchen I'm cooking tonight I'm
in charge tonight get your taste buds
ready my friends all right
stay tuned for Haley to complete this
book of life hmm
no spell it so my middle name you spell
it
do you know I'm in ger do it without an
L could Noel what did you say you should
both awakened oh you and ger cuz danger
is my middle name
oh gosh spell it without an L Haley mom
my jokes better no oh the quest to be
more organized in here is in full swing
this drawer was full full of all this
stuff and look how neat it's getting
guys have enough cases now my meatball
to light a candle don't do it
can I try no am I gonna hurt myself guys
look I can show this now cuz our last
name Lana
okay look somebody gave this to us and I
really really really like
really Figueroa and you guys have seen
the star mm-hmm
it's probably out of lighter fluid nope
nope how do you do that let me chat with
travel Jack how do I do it you had to
get the seal
why snap that down yeah like it I can't
you're fine
it we should be playing without anyway
all right so all this has got to find a
home they're doing good they're working
on it by themselves I gave them a
project
look at that look she's given me new
we're gonna do something productive
tonight mm-hmm I've got a good question
of the day hmm I can snap it's not the
rush of the day old phones and iPods
what is the messiest room in your house
and Hayley the basement I'd say okay
you're gonna have the good one okay what
do you think the messiest room in our
houses hey you got there you love it oh
that's not really a room but I guess we
can count closets - I don't know I was
gonna say the dog room
oh that messy our old cages around old
suitcases everywhere an old chair and I
read it is closet to get like this
cheese Hatun and I saw clothes on the
ground everywhere I was like a flange
anymore in your closet yeah just got it
wait a minute but man that was an insult
I was sure I wasn't Ana you can't give
up to it cuz this is all your arts and
crafts can't stay here any longer this
has been here for weeks we got to find
spots for it so they're going to work on
this the rest of the night if we
remember we'll show you an aster till
you can get all this time
if we remember we'll show you after if
not comment down below the messiest room
in your house and we'll see you tomorrow
I hope we remember to show it the after
you have to finish no it's not even near
10 here is so it's the tables all
cleaned off and over there is the table
that I cleaned or something it's pretty
clean
put all this little stuff in there I'll
organize arts and crafts on there pretty
green you always remember to celebrate
life ah baked potato babe
thanks for watching
Vitaliy
