hi for me
so right now I'm upstairs and I buy the
couch and I am throwing this on my
thingy the whiteboard it's not that big
it's like this big it's a really kind of
this I'll make it
hey guys already we do okay 1 2 3
it is not that big the middle it's the
stitch hola
come on stuff that's not what if I just
leave it in the car
this isn't the lost one I know somebody
commented her a few of you commented oh
yay and II found it no this was Haley's
and Haley doesn't wear hers really it
was mine it was yours and Piper broke
that chain so we just put it in the
drawer until I got it fixed and I never
got it fixed what are we doing my nails
done okay so you're just gonna keep in
the car it hurts so bad they're too long
today I like janda and it hurts Oh
bummer so we just need to trim him are
you getting them off I gotta come off
for meat season exactly so why would I
get them off and put it back on
mr. Chris brought you chick-fil-a hmm
speaking not chick-fil-a mr. Chris's me
as dad and they own a couple
chick-fil-a's so he was the proctor
today and he hooked the girls up the
only thing just nailed it
what does that coat meal and Oh
praising bait now oatmeal chocolate chip
baby there's like nuts in there - okay
well besides anot you had me until you
said that nuts don't like that that's
practical actually I was practiced it
was it fantastical so the best practice
ever it was are you just saying that
because I asked was that the worst
practice ever mm-hmm
hey we're home how's homework yo going I
turn some light on so you can see it
this your web what kind of web is it oh
the hands of a gymnast oh oh oh so do
you do some research
how are you knowing that they had real
coal group that was us real coup real
cool really cool really cool something
celebrations Oh celebrations where did
you get your information I remembered oh
did you look it up somewhere mm-hmm I
just remember from what from what I'm 18
China in school you learned about
ancient China in school inventions they
had the most inventions
they had them what you would sell the
celebration twice and inventions twice
that's what you're supposed to do Oh
daddy knows a lot to Daddy sitting out
by the fire you don't have to do it this
all tonight you know oh yeah no it's not
due till next week you just needed to
start it Oh crazy girl what do we doing
my friend books as a faces Facebook you
guys I'm really nervous
t-minus 45 minutes until our video goes
up our last name reveal like I am always
will nervously super like anxious about
the whole thing
anxious sit down because you've got a
sucker in your mouth yeah nuh glum are
your feet all toasty your feet are down
they're goofy talking to Daddy yeah yeah
she is family's honor hey pups you guys
want to come sit by the fire they can I
know they're not allowed in here she is
not happy about it cuz they broke all
these screens and we got these fix but
not the ones over there and it looks so
messy uh you may not sleep out here
tonight but isn't it so nice peaceful
but now that you have
feel like a treehouse higher yeah it was
right there looks like we're in a
treehouse yeah I can see that green on
edge just don't look down
remember that time we went to a real
treehouse oh yeah it's cool yeah look
yeah and I was really like that I'm like
oh my gosh no one fall out of the tree
huh I didn't know one time she's sleepy
what are we doing for dinner Hayley what
are you cooking for us we're eating
candy for dinner usually we're not
making some or somebody that ought to do
it
what do you mean that we don't make
s'mores what Oh cuz she dropped it you
saw that footage hon she's the world's
worst s'more maker is like trying to you
know some dudes when you're watching TV
you try to tell the TV stuff outside
well then once again don't stick the
marshmallow in the fire okay stick it on
yeah like when you're on TV and you're
like and though the poor girls running
the wrong way from the bad guy don't run
up the stairs to our videos your life
don't do that don't do that Yeah right
now oh so right now we're having me tttt
and Annie inspired by the way and we're
fixing dinner well we my mom people and
done and my why should I talk about
I just talked about dinner
don't worry bird what what are we having
cheese sausages like hot dogs and chips
we're doing it like a barbecue but not
out on the barbecue so not like a
barbecue at all but like that kind of
food
yeah you have to you have to talk like
this we didn't take a day out for dinner
so we had to work Rosen stuff we were
scrounging for dinner tonight
there's a last-minute idea you got a new
homework folder oh you
that looks really cozy Gigi he's like
wait a minute I was wrong I mean
whatever you men Oh Gigi all right I
know what the question of the day is
gonna be it hasn't we haven't had it a
long time it's gonna be high low so
start thinking why don't you explain
high-low hello is when we're all under
you have hi is when you're happy we talk
about the happiest part of and then your
day hello is the saddest part and you
have to do better you have to find
something happy I'm I shouldn't make you
guys find figure out with a sad part
today these have to focus on you have to
find I are high or high but if you did
have a low part why even if you're low
boards you have to get up in the morning
how are know whatever your day was
perfect
oh very well I know okay fine we're
gonna keep it high a little we got to
move desk got a higher alone death
that's a high the high are you sitting
by your boyfriend
that's how rumors get started Haley it
does not have a boyfriend and if she did
like a boy I'd be like you are too young
to have a boyfriend you have to wait
until you're 23 to have a boyfriend and
then Haley gets really embarrassed
ocking about boyfriends okay so your
load you can you think of that yet hey
well I was going to give you a few
minutes we could wait till dinner okay
let's wait till dinner Amy
people know your last name it's official
and people know your last name
chop chop we got to know what you want
on your sausage dinner is ready
GG's not invited to dinner what do you
want on yours this is where you guys get
to see a sneak peek of what sneak peek
of what we have on our hot dog slash
sausages
you just can't I mean we definitely have
to do some cheese what invert a loose
refrigerator pizza always Pizza and
Daddy overloaded on Lunchables Haley
said mmm I like Lunchables one time and
he went overboard he takes that for me
take that to me let me buy every
lunchable in the store oh no not at all
I used to when I was little it's the
lunch meat that I don't like that's my
favorite part
all right so dinner it's got cheese on
it and mustard for Annie
Haley Haley do you want ketchup mustard
cheese ketchup and cheese ketchup and
cheese playing I don't even on hot I'm
the sausage it's under I put mine on top
all yeah all right
are we prepared for high-low Haley said
her high was a living move
desks don't know on your low she got her
teacher rearranged the classroom she but
if you had to think of one what was it
what was the worst part of your day my
high and low were at the same time today
today I went to the dentist and I had
some major dental work done Yanis the
people I knew what Mommy was getting
done and I didn't tell her I know I'm
gonna get my Chi would look too good
thank you again you didn't notice that
until I pointed it out so I had a yellow
tooth one was really yellow and she
chipped it when she was looking got
shipped when I was little and it like a
couple years ago it started turning
yellow and it's been bugging me so I got
it fixed so the low was when I realize
oh I I all I walked through the dentist
not knowing what they were gonna do I
knew they were gonna fix it or talk
about getting it fixed cuz he wouldn't
tell me can I knew if I they told me I
was gonna do the receipt research and
find out what it was and I would have
never gone I would have been I would
have just cancelled the appointment so I
walk in there like okay we're doing a
crown and I'm like oh I've heard of that
and I've heard her crown I don't know
what got it the procedure is okay so get
this he's like she's like the doctors
gonna give you a little shot and I'm
like oh I'm getting a numbing shot today
and the lady like thinks I'm crazy cuz
normally people yeah so I like I don't
really know I'm glad I don't know what's
going on so eventually I figured it out
as they're doing it they shaved my tooth
down and put a fake tooth basically over
it so as I have you
that is like fake they molded it I took
a mold did feel we're gonna probably
show everyone in it lugga me edit that
tooth yep he's a wire it is wider they
couldn't get the this is out this
is a temporary of road they're sending
off for the real one good it looks good
so that they're gonna match it better
tell me does it feel weird huh
I
was until I figure out what they were
doing no it didn't hurt I figured it out
and like don't touch your tongue to it
don't touch your tongue to X I knew I'd
freak out so I was keeping my tongue
away from it and then my lip touched it
and I'm like oh my dude like I mean I
don't know how much they shaved down but
I don't even know don't ship your tooth
okay
really but I but I I don't even want to
know I'm glad there are no pictures
because I would have probably cried if
there was a mirror
I just think oh my high and low hide
very dramatic day-to-day very
traumatizing but I'm glad it's it's
fixed
that was my love hide a knife in my lip
on that idea anything spectacular happen
what about gymnastics I had pad dude
packs did you do them well for your
first time then can't that be your high
me and what did you really stink at
today cuz that could be your loan mm-hmm
I know my love I jammed my finger nail
into my yes that's right we talked about
that already we got to get those trimmed
okay we got it you guys oh we didn't ask
daddy was a week no release our last
name so that was a high weight left at
all okay so that could have been my high
a millones low no Milo is I don't mom's
n that could have been your Lyle having
my tooth shaved Oh complete pound and
Milo is Milo most days I sit there going
oh I did so much today and I look at my
list of things I have left to accomplish
you just didn't get through it don't
feel like I got anything done yeah okay
well that was almost like a one-take day
we didn't that was cool we filmed a few
times but we're gonna call it a day yeah
yeah okay we're gonna relax the rest
tonight you guys are gonna shower huh
can you close your mouth while you eat
and that the rest of the day call it a
day huh you're funny
all right you guys comment your highs
and lows we want to read them mmm you
know what we haven't hung out in the
comments in a while maybe we'll maybe
we'll do that tonight or for this
high-low I don't know
Sogo comment and maybe we'll respond
back to we'll see you tomorrow get old
always remember to celebrate life hey
babe thanks for watching
Britt Ailey
