happy Saturday
Hayley is well on her
Oh day of making a mess I got you I got
you do you want to hold this oh it's
okay Hayley hold on okay we cleaned up
that little mess as I was saying it
Saturday morning
Hayley is fixing herself some pancakes
before she starts school it is Saturday
but she had some this week catching up
to do in social studies so there's a
little bit that needs to be done today
and we got to get an e out of the bed
she won't get up so I'm gonna have to
drag her out probably by her feet her
feet are in here somewhere there's a
foot oh hey Annie so it is almost 8:30
they're going on set today to have a
11:30 call time so what the plan is is
to get up do a little bit of school so
we don't have to do it all on set
Hayley Hayley struggling Hayley
struggling do you need help
there it goes no it wasn't going but I
get out alright so our morning's was
pretty smooth until we spilled pancakes
now we're having a little rough start so
we'll be back in a little bit
oh look who got out of bed
Wow Paley's Haley's got some school
going on it's me it's reading a book to
her yeah that's a big old pillow yeah I
know all right
so I just wanted to everybody to see
that everybody's up and add it this
morning and he's at it is kind of low I
think at least Haley has had yeah
Haley's well into school well it's on
her first check month but still she's
what are you doing with that pan I don't
know we gave them a choice this she
wants to eat first we gave him a choice
whether they wanted to get ready for the
day first or go straight into school
Haley chose school first but she did eat
what brown ground what's that mean make
your own pancakes
yeah she toured LA and it's apartment
she said she's a tourist all right we're
going back on set for the first time in
a couple weeks we could just see some
friends wait I didn't look at the call
sheet our friends even on set today okay
I didn't I don't know I don't think
Matt's mad and I would love them all but
oh cool
I know how you know all right we'll find
out who's gonna be on set with us today
stay tuned Ventus
then what is it fetish oh right what's
the line yeah you got a fetish for my
love another what song hello fetish
anyways yeah we're I'm going to chicken
girls set today finally awake and yeah
that's pretty much it
we're almost there we're arriving at on
to the sets that's pretty much all I can
tell you yeah
in wait in two days and season two
chicken girls will be out right mommy in
two days
what happened four days for a spot for
them right now it's two days till
chicken girls season two is out right
yeah and on the same day as as you my
song comes out beyblade already does a
great let's Valentine's Day right day
can sit around your house watching well
she'll be in Salt Lake City performing
you can do why there's gonna be a lot
going on there's gonna be so much going
on so you got a lot of things to do
everybody yep do that's it
we got Haley
right saying has been so long since
we've seen all our friends say like oh
hey Billy hey Tim sharp hair and makeup
wardrobe
are you trying on different things I
can't Rob said I can vlog I'm not even
walking you in that it's a sneak peak
calm down he takes pictures of you in
your wardrobe burn not really him if you
need help
we heard us do need help
no she says she's got her hair and
makeup done - y'all work Sookie you yep
it is cute
all right I'm going to hand you your
clothes Andy
I've never had any different asylum
curl looks good all right see you a
little bit this is the hula-hoop section
I don't think Hayley's Mike Jeff are you
needing to go get Mike we're gonna find
out for you what do it I know
so there's who I don't know how I'm
gonna obstacle through this there we go
hula-hoop section and then the hammock
section and the slide section Dillons
over there mess up are you gonna take
are you gonna get into it
you're gonna get in thinking about it
I've almost been like really Oh beans
hey beans
she's a Pekinese yes she is with the
Pomeranians little bean guess what we're
about to do but we're planning to do
mini poodle that are sisters that are
sisters and you're gonna name yours and
I'm gonna do mine Buttercup we just say
this in front of madre madre we have a
plan ready okay okay we want to know
broken hearts all over the blade that's
a cute idea though
Oh maybe when you're big and you can
have a puppy of your own to take care of
Hobbiton how about when's the last time
you gave water to your own dog I did I
did that boom are you wrapped as your
sister rubbed yes yes are you ready to
go home yet
Annie's been wrapped but she is not
coming aren't you ready to go I know
you're having girl time that guy's gonna
yell is again cuz I've been too loud
today
sorry yeah blog calm down
gotta be quiet when you listen to me
when you watch y'all are Manny Halley
spelled a little different right and an
IE yep all right Manny you've got five
more minutes before we go home okay love
you too bye look they're in there
neither were there thank you oh but now
y'all are needed on set no there's
something we need him on set we just
need him not you Oh y'all can't be here
ya got to clear it out
I'm supposed to be over here without a
crewman Oh cuz by the pool we don't want
you to drown out pretty early they only
had a couple seen we don't know what
we're gonna do what time is it about
you're going live it's about five
o'clock we got the whole rest of the
night we don't know what time we're
filming tomorrow but we do know we are
filming so we wait for the call sheet
and we figure out what time we're gonna
go to bed based on that pretty much I
think we're gonna clean that's what I
feel like Annie said she's gonna go live
and clean her room
Haley's like clean we're have to clean
that's Haley Haley used to do it and
Caleb and Andy would get so mad because
I'd be like it's time to clean up and
Haley would be like I'm tired I was
thirsty oh yeah I'm thirsty if it's
bedtime I'm thirsty it's if it's
cleaning I'm tired what's up everyone
Haley's speaking to be asleep so she
doesn't Haley's gonna make being tickled
wait nobody be tickled for real
so yeah question birthday time is high
wait we're wrapping up now what time is
it it's 9:00 a little wrap up later if
I'm gonna go live and do a Q&A I think
what what are you babbling about I just
told you what is it 9:00 in Texas yeah
actually it is 9:00 on deck mmm-hmm no
not it's 5:00 for wrong way any portion
of the name no we just got finished
saying we're not doing that yet the day
is not over the question of the day is
the end of the day not in your room I
didn't you're done ish if
why are you them done so much are you
sure mm-hmm oh you just got a little
short arms
okay guys watching ante live but you're
holding it and I'm Way back here okay
and we're watching Annie live live live
live or than live yeah it's family
oh sorry I thought you're trying to show
me something without showing them Hey
she's been live twice today twice and
Haley was singing Oh Haley are you
watching her life and he would write are
you in
we um said that if we get to 30k we'll
let Annie
if she gets a 30k well Annie sing the
first gene eyes of her new song
what is she I guess yes 17 but she has
18 she higher or lower Oh
16 no no one's staying on because she
was at 17.3 when it's hard to get a 30
but heading I need to unpack reminds me
of right there okay we want to hear new
knees any song at 30 K oh okay um
anyways that's what's going on here this
evening
relaxing oh I need to check the email to
see what time the call time is can I
check my email hey that's you okay we'll
be back I'll let you know
we need a messy tour okay let's start
off with my room the messies room in the
house
okay sorry I'm filming my whole face
okay so we have we'll do a detailed so
we have my backpack we have this purple
that shows up pink on camera but it is
purple pretty dark and oh the lights oh
there we go we have a I was about to say
it turns me on this is a longer basket I
have all pages stuff we have drawers
full of socks bathing suits and squash
ISA so these are earrings and they've
never had these before but there are
earrings ready they're fake earrings so
literally watch this is a back of that
thing watch really just like that but
you hear back you go the other one easy
peasy
okay this is it because it's not actual
earrings so it doesn't hurt and then we
have our bed probably the messiest part
of our room except yeah dad this is the
bathroom we're just gonna do a quick
tour this is a walk-in area and this is
um daddy um yeah this is food we'd go up
here you would see a wall of art then
you come up and you see dirty gloves and
knees and then kind of Messier oh yeah
and then her clothes left and then you
see me
part of the room and then yeah if this
thank you I don't know what if that
leaves a rash on her sensitive skin
I was not thinking know why do some mask
I don't know why it's bright yeah you
think Danny you put moisturizer on her
face - taking it off oh no I hope it
doesn't leave a red burned face is red
oh no what you gonna do my bathroom it's
red Annie
well it could be Priscilla's hidden it
might be bad but I don't like saying
that things are bad what that bad no I'm
glad you didn't keep it on because your
face is red Oh get a washcloth and see
if there's was another thing why did you
do that didn't get it off okay but it
wet it wet it wet it oh my god it's
still burning hot no I can't get you up
you need to soak a washcloth
he's like I'm gonna go get her a
different shirt so that she doesn't get
that one that's sketchy but I'm fine
look I've got a bag right here I'm close
all right I'll be back I gotta help her
what's up everyone
question of the day guy who's watching a
wrestling or boxing or whatever it's
called but question of the day time I
don't know yeah there was no question
the day should why should the question
baby yeah I'm not afraid to meet him
everyone's buzzing Haley everyone know I
only see two no I see three hi the ball
doesn't he game um no um what's your
favorite who if you could meet any like
senior celebrity who would it be
Carrie Underwood I'm gonna be oh well
I'm gonna be Taylor Swift
all right here you let your intern
Mendez actually so y'all don't mind that
but so I don't know why I said I'm
saying this but I'm you really need to
go upstairs but I normally either sleep
in something like this sweatpants in a
long shirt I sleep in a tight shirt and
shorts is that a problem like why do
people sleep in like different things
some people even sleep in like leggings
I don't think I can sleep in leggings
like it just don't worry with me I don't
think I can sleep in like I sure when I
only gotta sleep in a long-sleeve shirt
either like I can sleep in a short
sleeve little onesie I can sleep in a
onesie no problem so don't forget to
come to my looks cuz we wanna know who
doesn't day yes are you red tomato not
anymore
good bye everyone see you tomorrow to
celebrate
babe I
thanks for watching
Britt Ailee
