hi for me it is Halloween and yay and I
wear valving up costume to school but
caddy it's not 100% that wears was to
wear a Halloween costume I got nothing
from your school saying you're so strong
and so sorry but it's Monday I wouldn't
you are your Halloween costume like you
were your Halloween costume every Monday
no but it's Halloween yeah it's all the
way but I mean okay anymore I just I
didn't see anything and I read the
newsletter what's a new is Linda the
information that suggests is that it's
no big deal
we've prepared for you no weird what
and I'm Dracula's daughter doctor and I
was your jakela hmm
so I realized this year is the first
year that you picked a costume and stuck
with your rude it is no it's true
anything about it usually what you do is
like a couple months before Halloween
you'll pick a costume and why Mabel get
it and then by the time a link goes
around you don't want to be that anymore
is there so why'd you decide to stick
with this one yeah you still wanted to
do it mm-hmm and it was close to the
Halloween so I can't take it um yeah so
I do have a question but so we have we
decided we're getting it
a giant money been a big money we have
decided okay
do you like the ones with the floppy
ears or the ones with the stand up here
alright man I like though you want to
look at him yeah happy Halloween Piper
did I scare you
happy Halloween my friends you can't be
tired on Halloween now let's suppose
Mary take a nap I'm about to go get hey
hey I stole her blankie oh my gosh
Winnie Oh Winnie are you with me
I can't do it if I'm laughing Winnebago
Winnebago you know what I call you that
right Winnebago your big okay so I'm
gonna go get Hayley and then we're gonna
start getting ready for Halloween look I
have a beard I think that did that look
and how you do a braid or something you
like French braid it like this and then
you flip it over a dinner it's a Dutch
braid I want to try Eddie
so anyways at school right now supposed
to put people up on Google I'm not I'm
not leaving how do I do this wait how do
I get my three strands up your what put
your dog yeah it's terrible
this didn't work this is how wait okay
that's beautiful
they go they should be here son you
should get like a model for Hera just
Club for the seven yeah home from school
and it is Halloween
how much candy am I gonna let you eat
well how much why don't we not go
trick-or-treating and you guys just go
get this candy how much candy did coach
Mary say you could eat oh not a lot but
what is not a lot on her mind you don't
you don't know what she means so
seriously we could just stay here all
night nothing you guys really want to go
trick-or-treating out there in the wild
with all the scary costumes the clowns
you should have been a lion but I think
yours and Katie's costumes came out
really cute so we're waiting to know
what would have gotten it like no one at
my gym would have gotten if what oh the
lion well they don't want your videos is
that what you're saying to me I will
talk with them in the morning
Sid's coming over Luke's coming over
we're gonna get in our costumes and wait
for the Sun to go down and then course
poopy oh sorry that's not we're gonna do
it all over day oh do you a purpose so
if you guys didn't watch our video last
night yet from yesterday go watch it
you'll see what this means
okay no ethical watch the video from
yesterday bro and we're back all right
it is our we're gonna wait for the
festivities to begin there really aren't
festivities people are just coming over
and we're gonna trick-or-treating
together and when he really would
appreciate it if you would give her some
muffin and he would really appreciate it
if you would give her some muffins hey
if you got any nothing's mine like
muffins and lion said we just kicked her
shoe off and it hit her in her head a
big ol noggin
you said what about what about three
times the room account with Haley I hate
to tell you but I just saw your eye turn
on so I don't know what the doctors
gonna say so all that have been doctors
of eye doctors equipment is next they
can go again next week number you oh and
like vlogging injuries on the field my
hand was right there gone wrong :
these trick-or-treaters are gonna be
like what yeah only one that's not fun
hope I got enough I'm gonna put some
things up enough
come on let's go they said please I
gotta hit this a little bit more butter
mmm whoa whoa mix it all up
get a cauldron watch your fingers that's
very had something else then this is
Winnie the facts the other daughter is
out no yahweh's I'm gonna put it right
here maybe like oh it's by the way just
for me Winnie come on oh my god he's
like I knew it dreams do come true
hmm pick the trash um young ladies yeah
all right now trick-or-treating March
March March
Hayley you do yeah this one's for me
down no help clean up trash guess what
time it is yeah homie my halloween
costume time we're gonna get Haley's
teeth ready hey wanna be one that or
jinni the gymnast or joy Jilly the
gymnast she's like a half cheerleader
half gymnast she's confused she's really
good at gymnastics you guys I'm so good
Annie are you gonna get your costume on
Sid and on her way Annie I'm talking to
you are you gonna get ready
Haley's right here see
hmm are you excited about these teason
mm-hmm daddy know what he's doing Hayley
does daddy know what he's doing he looks
like wedding all right so the potty
teeth failed Oh
yesterday we went with an extra pair
that we have we got some backups I am an
egg just an egg she's not a deviled egg
yet just a fried egg let's see which
ones like better ones do you like hmm
what do you think hmm you're stuck you
know what son
hmm I think these are gonna be easier
for you perfection this could only mean
one thing
oh my god oh my god okay they're getting
a little rambunctious well if you didn't
look so ridiculous
oh I'm not in costume I knew you're
going with that
I need another pitchfork you've lost
your pitchfork
don't look now but the Joker's behind
you oh the jobs a joker without his hair
when he took his hair off hey mom we're
gonna get a group picture
Nellie though yeah I gotta get one we
got Harley Quinn over there no I didn't
know like Harley Quinn was already a
character thought she was a new
character to do did - never heard of
Harley Quinn until this movie came out
wait she was an actual character I oh my
god but in the arm in the comic right on
spacious you watch is Alec oh hi
thinking even in Suicide Squad on the
movie in the cartoon Haley is now
decided to go as a witch because secret
her caught her costume was a witch's
costume that I just put a black cape
with so she found the Hat and decided
she's gonna be a witch now oh yeah she's
the vampire turned into a witch it can
be busy data oh good I wasn't sure if I
use these last year
oh yeah wait the tag was on it they
probably used it with a tag don't judge
me
right everybody's dressed up and in
costume we're puppies even t-bones here
and he's dressed up t-bone don't be shy
come show your costume bye my lady dude
you there's t-bone
hey are you embarrassed or just
overwhelmed by all the dogs okay we need
to have a parade of costumes what is
like can you get this off okay where's
the parade of characters
me egg say don't you crack me up are you
gonna try to go out there hmm like in
the baby's helicopter Haley get in there
apparently we're taking a break here
yeah oh she's got fishnets like P&C
devil day because you're not shining a
light the right way yeah get warm milk
worm yeah this is felt creepy okay Oh
having fun we're out trick-or-treating
oh no there's no light oh oh now you
look like the devil we just started
how's your bag doing pretty pretty well
not not impressive yet not infested no
where's my little witch oh there she is
here she is showing that in your light
in your face my friend that's so cool
what happened that was high don't what
happened you guys knocked out again
don't scream yeah I stand in like way
look what freshman screamed oh man and
the light is bright okay what's going on
update number two you guys feeling like
we're not real oak don't put on my face
oh that's not that cold
yeah they are Oh mix get started down
and you doing back there Mary Kate how's
the candy coming where are we on our
candy meter Haley's apparently oh that
was a little cold Haley's eating some
candy to stay warm I mean duh
I love it more than halfway a little
more than halfway that's good let's keep
moving
let's keep warm and also let's keep cool
we're gonna go warm up watch all the
candy guys we're waiting for a piece of
the calm I ordered you guys pizza I
wonder if that's the pizza man it
doesn't look like it but that would be
amazing of it was great time I don't
know maybe let's get out of the way cuz
we got to make gravy for pizza I know
they can't read up there we're gonna
wear our hands are frozen yeah I'm not
wearing like a very very long no that's
the pizza man oh you may not come down
the street unless you have pizza oh yeah
is a pizza here oh you guys I'm sorry
I'm guessing your stanton time hands are
freezing
there's no pizza there's no pizza eight
I've got a spoiler alert if we run out
of candy at the front door you're giving
yours up Haley that's sweet sorry Wanda
you will stay in character
sit are you wanting to go back out yeah
yeah yeah anybody else going Oh losers I
told him if they run out of candy at the
front door they got to give out there's
figured you might okay you don't like
see 100 grand
throw in the box no I like hunter Grand
Hunger Games good oh oh oh hey any of
those hmm didn't we do a trading a few
Halloweens ago did we do a trading video
yeah well I remember in our old house
old old house so this is my candy that's
AOH candy and I swear kids candy I got
the most notice how anything
organize our I mean one piece of candy
today okay so I got literally 100 pieces
of candy random-dot well now that 99 cuz
I just ate one you're the devil
cuz you lost the egg so now you're just
a devil ha I got free full sky at 3p
class you know so yeah yeah and you guys
win I don't see any well this is full
size whose is this
Hey full size yeah we want mean like 1
or full size department so many games on
three full-size you guys stay down so
long guys I think they win decided to
get you today I'm just gonna pick unless
we've already done this I think we've
already done that one
oh so if you could have any accent which
one would it be
weirdest mine it would be a country
accent British huh so yeah don't forget
to come to below because we want to know
what question of the day is is gonna
have any accent well to be by guys see
you tomorrow
happy Halloween oh my gosh Halloween is
coming to an end
that's hope soon hmm my gosh we have to
win to one nother year
always remember to celebrate life hey
babe thanks for watching
fit Ailee
