today on bikini hey guess what guys my
last name time for me I'm going to be
showing you how well did you convince I
bet you and yes - you can dance after we
go how does it start
I love you know my ok now I do pepper
you didn't happen now rock by didi she's
wide awake it sounds like she's sleeping
because of how she breathes oh gee oh
gee gee
Sunday Funday all the dogs are gathered
round pretty late pretty lazy morning
lazy Sunday morning your leg are you
that what you're doing over there you
got the tripod out we're about to film a
video can horse cages yeah look like an
acacia wood on trauma and the beach
Piper are you ok ok let her put her down
times like me he's like I
daddy got some music come up here huh up
here hmm
okay there's no way you can hold she'll
just be like gasps wings it 2010 good
girl Oh Winnie Winnie most well-behaved
she's just too small to do anything
about it okay my friends to continue
this lazy lazy lazy Sunday where we have
not done much except film a video and I
don't know eat breakfast mm-hmm yeah
that's true bring it
we're we're we're gonna go to a movie
eat your popcorn you had help
they tried to hold on they tried to get
me to go to the movies yesterday and get
popcorn and not go to the movie Hey look
out that's a smart actually one no you
can do that you don't totally do that
can totally pay six dollars for movie
theater popper it's movie theater
popcorn oh it's not our though cut good
water yes
is that your favorite kind of water is
your favorite brand of water uh-huh
delicious realize anything can you say
that brand name love walks hmm mystery
mystery are you laughing this is awkward
this is awkward Annie okay go ahead you
can make it out okay
we're putting up our last name yeah and
it's weird I know mmm you know just in
case you ghost is the solid line leblanc
leblanc you guys didn't notice the
subtle hints back here
I couldn't stop I think you were late
what did you say you said something
about movie theater popcorn you're like
it's for bit more I'm like so is that
watermelon without a probably drink for
a brand new deal you have to drinking
this no no no this is how you drink
brandy
oh you're coverin label don't you cover
that label there you guys can't cover
the label though that's the key I'm
putting a hamburger now drink okay so in
in like commercials hmm we didn't
personalize these whores or did we know
there's it's closed down you thought so
there's no more of these this was a
grocery store in Louisiana but we think
they soldier never grocery store that's
not called the balls anymore
most of you knew our last name anyway
and I think it was just time know
something better last for tailee name
reveal what's our last name no I think
it's gonna be a picture of you our last
drinking that water and let's you can
black over the where it says it how do
you feel like we've we've hid hidden
this or kept it secret or kept it
confidential for hers oh we did here
hide it we just we just did you tell it
yeah I think it was just time there's
always I guess there's always a time for
something huh now I can say Annie grace
yeah cuz Annie's I mean Hailey's forever
calling her oh so you guys have to
comment down below which which videos we
accidentally let it slip in because
there has been a few videos I think
what's quite a phoenix and i read the
comments let's use this opportunity over
because her name is not Annabelle that's
what one of her coach is called nickname
is Julian uh-huh
and she goes by Annie because not only
because why kids Caleb pretty much cop
like named her Annie right we're right
here Nick Nate we nicknamed her Anna
grace and grace but he used to say Annie
but she doesn't like going by Giuliana
oh my god I like but yeah I asked you
one day doing can I call you Julie enemy
like down mmm okay what else are the
rumors I'm not pregnant
no yes was the big announcement we
thought a good way to announce it would
be on like he's famous birthdays to
change it on their system and for us to
do it yeah because get him back crazy ya
know cuz you'll spit her out but out
what other rumors are out there trying
to think what I've seen or just things I
mean I talk about Annie is more than
likely in a compete level 9 um we're
cleaning up form her she's got all the
skills she needs that was the first time
Annie why don't you react to your meat
was that your first time for your beat
your bar routine to put it all together
and your Bimmer team and her vault so
we've got a few more months to or a
couple more months I should say to clean
up from some form of a sudden he walks
out and he comes back in in a different
shirt okay without it that's the big
announcement I should be like an i gosh
thing changing your shirt like and see
is different like changing your shirt
like cutting chain earrings keep
building but you keep talking about hey
question is this the biggest
announcement we've ever made so
technically we could call it for Daly's
biggest announcement can you say it
correctly Giuliana very simple
it's not Leblanc it's not look blank
libery blahblah
Halloween's tomorrow oh gosh what hmm
gymnastics and then trick-or-treating I
need help yes she needs help
I've never seen you wear I heard it
looked pretty good so get up and get off
this couch so we can say it over and
over
yes sure no no we should all get a shirt
that says pretty on the front and then
leblanc on the back yeah you just said
leblanc do you feel free do you feel a
weight lifted off your shoulders I'm a
little nervous like it's a big thing
like I'm not nervous now because this
video is not out but when we go to post
this video on Tuesday oh yeah hi Tuesday
how you doing you're heading to the past
like I don't I'm excited let me go here
that was always just like any he hears
la la la la la la yeah I like the subtle
sea like they're saying oh when I sound
like I'm French nothing nothing against
the French but I feel funny being glib
la la la la like lessons on how to say
our last name hi bling
we're getting popcorn candy and yeah
ring popcorn daddy we are getting up or
not we are getting popcorn and we're
going to watch a movie what movie are we
watching or even watches over your -
clean it up
guess what guys Omar's name is global
and it's not LeBlanc it's level but it
sounds really French like that you know
it is rich it is no white it's like
we've avoided saying our last names
along we don't even know how to say it I
got in a cool movie theater the popcorn
one now be quiet into your life I'm not
really tell me I am gonna be like uh-oh
Annie the lion the white
an evil eye in the weight
Danny like the water anyway so now we
can talk about this how we gave all our
children tongue twister names with lots
juliana Leblon Julie and I love Haley
Haley Noel applause hey Caleb but Logan
get like else who is it upside down
seven wide
I didn't do that on purpose but that's a
weird seven it doesn't like slant or
anything it's just up and it does it
little cross you don't have to cross
that Crashers so you don't throw those
high-rises the cool movie theater hold
on I'm looking at a picture of a dog
more important
like BG so why is this Tacoma video
because the seats lay down flash' we
came to the movie theater be cries birds
and it was like what they felt one of
the time ringing ding ding ding ding
ding ding ding ding yeah look at that
alright you guys we are here at the
theater we've got a hot dog Haley's had
a cramp in her side all day so she's
gonna really enjoy this movie because
she can really relax better a hot dog
got a drink and she goes take a nap but
we're here it's kind of early we got
about 20 minutes the rest of our gang
you can see um
they're getting the rest of the day
they're getting burned yeah we got the
whole theory why I don't think we'll
have the whole theater and successful
trip to the movies we walk out and it's
raining it looks bright but it hello
now we're gonna go home you couldn't
understand that language we got more
stuff tonight we have a sleepover and
then we never made them remember you
guys you and daddy went on a secret
mission
yeah they went it it wasn't much of a
secret though what did you you they went
and bought the Sepphoris note were
s'mores and then we never did them
seriously any sign is that very
important are you gonna lose your
pumpkin pie or whatever it wasn't you're
like the pumpkin pie oh thank goodness
no active that would have been horrible
what are they musical lulling in their
music bullying but only if you kill your
feature merry Cades mad she's never been
featured Haley's been featured bring it
here I'll open it for you we're making
s'mores well some of us are making
s'mores and some of us are making music
least I'd like to make all right it's
not ready dude you haven't roasted the
marshmallow silly goose
it's nice now hey we don't have um
sticks so we're using these mommy mommy
I was gonna help you
whoa look at that bad boy
bump uh apparently it's just the
mother's doing marshmallows whoa help
yourselves ladies healthy mom did taste
any different no they made delicious did
have healthy morons
I don't really know they're healthy
they're just not name-brand I think do
you mean oh you know under the pointing
ends while I'm they thought this was a
point
Oh your daughter okay where's the camera
ah very good
no you got to pick it up it'll make a
mess why Danny you just burnt your stick
blow it can you do mine go first bite
what are you doing you are the worst
s'more eater alive ever on this whole
planet of s'more people laughing I've
read your grandpa oh my god hard it's
really not how are you doing over here
Oh imagine that there's a mindful of
one-year North Carolina what for down
rain we made smores
yeah but don't you remember because skip
kept saying
what do they say it's just bonk it's
just fun roll again it's just follow
that was at the house next door yeah I
do remember that
what are we have footage of that I bet
we do why filming back then yeah I'm a
merc want to go back and look at yes you
can sit there I want to go back and look
at my North Carolina how's it feel new
we got her in January 18 we get her on
your birthday
he bought himself a birthday present you
guys remember that okay I've got our
handy dandy question of the day that we
found that we got from that restaurant
when we were in Malaysia Singapore
Singapore if you could spend one day
with a celebrity who would it be
um Shaun Johnson and engine you've
already done that so think of somebody
haven't Carrie Underwood Carrie
Underwood okay trailer had gggg set up
um Jeff palm we got olivia holt the only
dog I can think it's hope he's holding
oh it's ha ha ha oh when he says good
night everybody
puppy trying to sleep around here so
guys tomorrow's Halloween I have a
little nervous Haley says she's supposed
to wear her costume but I don't remember
seeing that anywhere so take a change of
clothes or actually wear your uniform
and put your Halloween costume in your
bag and if people have their costumes on
put yours over
yeah when no we call Sonoma and I don't
anyone was there all of you take it off
you know oh yeah you could do that in
the car you're brilliant
cool all right you guys so if you could
spend one day with the celebrity who
would it be please comment down below
busy wouldn't know what snippet day is
what is your fit you good if you could
spend one day spend one day with a
celebrity who would it be
all right guys Wilkinson GDD we already
saw Gigi dance today Channel
yeah we did there's gonna be some of it
on there so this will be good to say
what I won't say anything she just she
just wants to go to sleep yeah yeah good
night DD's let's see she stays closed
snoring yes she will see you tomorrow
guys always remember to celebrate life
ah baked potato baby
thanks for watching
Vitaliy
