hi for me
hey guys good morning today is Friday
it's the last day of spirit week before
the Halloween party
it's decades helping to get her earring
and here when you hold this decade so
Annie went with seven I mean sixties so
we got lots of peace signs and tie-dye
and tell my lips are chapped I hate
winter you need to get some chops to
clone them alright
nailed it okay I'm going in backwards I
don't know why but it always seems to go
and easier for me yo yeah what's up
eating breakfast we were running so late
that we just popped a hot pocket a
breakfast hot pocket in the microwave
and brought it with us and talked about
Ian's I'm driving salami so hopefully
when we get to the gym if word we get
there a few minutes early which is what
we're hoping for when we have time to
take pictures or show you this whole
outfit but it I think I turned out
pretty cute have you seen what you look
like it yeah oh you have you look good
where I looked in that
that mirror because I was getting
earrings in the right way yes we've
switched the Morell she switched them
around hey that's my little secret you
guys you haven't worn earrings in a long
time and you're having a hard time
getting them in I don't know why I find
it easier to go into the back maybe it
starts to close up in the front I don't
know what's going on maybe it's just my
kids but I always go through the back
and it seems easier look guy I never had
a city hose down on our earlobe No
what am I gonna be able to his your
mastic about this band what about these
ribs I think yeah you can remind you
till not bars a good idea with these
are you taking it off yeah I don't know
I still have the Olympics I loved ones
aren't you gonna feel weird when you
take them off
yes so shouldn't you take them off to
get used to them not being on yeah feel
like it's gonna make you like why would
I take the ball for me you have to take
them I know - is for a day
but you're so used to competing in them
I mean doing gymnastics and then they
never do not compete in them yeah
that's my point this was braids from
yesterday and the day before it was for
bright braids and bright Leo's on
Wednesday but I kept the vending for
yesterday superheroes and then now I
took them out and I'm just gluing my
hair down so it's like sixty you guys
want to see the whole thing you guys
want to see it there okay the pants are
a little bit yes but there's one look
like jeans turn around I think it's
adorable
I'm get a little sneak peek at everybody
oh there she is I didn't see her you
guys look great okay have a good
practice
I think they come in all kinds of colors
sewing gloves J cuz it's Friday right
hey they have clubs that they sign up
and
what clever you signed up and signed up
first its music class I call it but it's
actually like a theater called the Peter
theatre and I got this book it's called
Peter pun Peter Pan and we're supposed
to do a musical on a stage that's really
nice
but you gotta bulk up use I am I wanna
be like on things I'll show you the
characters notes does everybody have a
part well you're all bats that's on
Monday that we picked them oh oh you get
absolute I really want to just elope are
you gonna audition Russell I wanted this
to be nicer you gotta practice
hi girls what is it doing
you're so super sassy what's going on
nothing much
welcome home on bakers level 17
daddy cotton that's then that doesn't
mean that means you're not 16
mmm Dickson so you and daddy are on 17
no anti fixin to eat another one
okay that's true yeah hey gal I just
gonna try out for this play for her
theater club mmm you guys are gonna
practice lines together guys what do you
want to do tonight
oh my gosh do you guys want to laugh but
Winnie I love you so much my baby yeah
my oh boy
oh that's for the trick-or-treaters
later
and they're not gonna come to ours oh
good more candy for us we'll spend the
next day's getting bellyache
okay what do we want to do tonight it's
Friday night let's see you're all night
and do nothing
you guys want to order a pizza and just
hang know watch a movie boring
okay okay sassy we are trying to chat
and who drooled on my couch let me feel
your paws because it's usually somebody
who's looking up mrs. Li this is how
when he gives me her paws I mean I could
probably beat women you crack me up your
paws are dry who did it I could have
just been somebody licking it well you
did not like the cow look that is
disgusting Oh Oh Chuck here when you can
get this in Yeah right fit whatever
thanks is a great ogle how do they fit
see a month or suck your blood I want
SSI huh the other ones might be better
we got several pair all right go try
everything on quick quick quick
kite I think this work let them move
your hair up so you can actually see the
cape his mommy no I'm gonna go is mommy
like I do every year I didn't ever get
anything I always forget yeah we're
gonna try those tomorrow yeah and we're
gonna have your hair up and your face
painted not tomorrow
oh yeah Halloween party at Jim guys
guess what happened
Hayley got featured on musically you
excited a li yeah so yeah we got feature
I was looking at the future stuff on
musically and I was like wait a minute
that's Hayley and she Duffy turn and
that's really exciting and which is
chillin on this Friday thing doing that
much the pizza is coming hopefully Gigi
really is that really what you doin dad
we'll only I can be worldly colors
alright so we figured out that we were
not gonna just sit around and play apps
on our phones all night and we didn't
want to go anywhere so we're gonna play
family this is it this is a warm-up
family board games what we're starting
with yes I made it on ha one of the
teams guys what are the team's little
blue so Hayley it's me and you friend
we're gonna win dang it one died Hayley
we tied um how did we win he didn't even
know you guys had smell-o-vision
right now you'd be like where did that
dog come from I don't even know where
she is
oh right
my friends we are on to family game
night game number DOS mmm
and of course it's the fun game of life
okay let's start we have a life we found
how to have a life tonight dad like mom
that was pretty funny okay ready can go
first
well of course don't we spend is he who
goes first
well the youngest goes first yes oh
maybe yeah I think you're right no you
don't think me that is - boom then you
decided more even was real colorful okay
the modular Cooper College that's my
girl one nobody gave us any money back
I'm broke how could I do life with no
money he doesn't is it not you I am oh
you're gonna million did you give him oh
okay but you gave her more rich
thank you ma'am Hey one two three four
five five six still haven't graduated
they got a permit opponent she's having
trouble with that right were denied
daddy doesn't like me yeah I'll write
opponent to pick oh ok guys
three two of us have jobs careers
daddy's about to get his career this is
our favorite part of the game house I
mean they must know me lawyer fashion
designer
oh come on Haley I mean okay here guys
you guys I believe that she'll are you
anything
look at the mess Piper's making out
there she's gotten every toy out
practically on our cars
I can't believe we forgot hey put it in
the other side and we'll pretend we're
in being Glenn turd what do you mean
Malaysia
oh stop and get married okay but guys my
husband isn't gonna sit on that you know
right there oh my god thinkin Lincoln
Haley was voted nicest person cuz an
award and she has to give all of us a
compliment you I think oh you're here
cuz nice
you make pretty children he's got that
right hanging you have a beautiful fish
thank you I like this compliment game
and I've got a great question of the day
what's the nicest compliment you've ever
received what's going on a bear hold
tight oh she have a sore or something on
there yeah bless you
you got a couple devices that's funny we
forgot to finish it's been like 20
minutes I'm like I don't think we say
goodbye Annie what you think compliments
what do you think you're do talk funny
yeah Annie you're sweet at me yeah is
that the nicest compliment you've ever
been given
mmm yes you mmm daddy mmm go ahead
you're a really good at life yeah I'm a
great board game somebody once told me
at a restaurant that you guys were
really well behaved like a stranger a
complete stranger after dinner he's
pretty nice so guys comment down below
what's the nicest compliment I got an
idea comment down below with a nice a
compliment you've ever received and then
tomorrow go give someone a compliment
hey so don't
I'm gonna log soon another question of
the day is this a nice compliment that
you have ever gotten my orbit you know
you will see you tomorrow we have a
Halloween party
gymnastics Halloween party all right bye
guys always remember to celebrate life
hey babe thanks for watching Vitaliy
