hey bratayley fans i guess you've heard
we were making history and we're
starting at the very beginning of our
nation that is we're off on a trip back
in time to the american revolution in
costume and undercover we're in hot
pursuit of characters like General
George Washington lady spies soldiers
presidents pirates horses and some
pretty sweet dance moves will travel the
original 13 colonies to see what we can
find and recreate some of history's most
famous moment so saddle up we went to
Georgia welcome to Georgia pretty cool
huh
so we're here to learn about a legendary
Georgia power woman named Nancy Hart
we met George Washington at the river
and he gave us a speech about Nancy Hart
we are here on the beautiful banks of
the skidaway River outside of Savannah
Georgia and we're here today with a very
important secret mission there was this
amazing woman named Nancy Hart and she
was a legend Nancy Hart was a spy during
the Revolutionary War Nancy was a fierce
Patriot her exploits against some of the
British loyalists here in Georgia work
epic she collected a lot of important
information rumor has it that she would
vote across these waters to spy on the
British soldiers on the other side of
the river
George Washington
to go across now we're we're stripping
our paddles slightly wider than our
shoulders we have a loose grip she used
to travel across these waters incognito
in rafts with logs tied together with
grapevines she would be in the cover of
darkness by herself on some logs that
she tied together to go spy on the
British on the other side so today we
are going to get in some kayaks and your
mission if you choose to accept it is to
travel across these waters you find a
secret message from Nancy Hart some very
important information over there and you
all need to find it starting to how to
play that decodes we don't have any logs
tied together with grapevine but what we
do have are some pretty sweet kayaks so
we're gonna do some paddling in honor of
Nancy Hart because she deserves to be
celebrated
we wanted to see if we could do it not
at night not by ourselves Nancy will be
so proud of us if you see a hippo don't
look it in the eye in the kayak and
right as I wear now I was not very
familiar with the paddles and I like to
splash the paddle in the water and it
got all over me sorry
alright paddling like Nancy Hart George
scented honesty transition getting the
infos gonna stop quick
the water was pleasing my fingertips
like throws my hands are numb but it was
so much fun on the rope kept I going in
circles I was like well you're literally
not doing any of the work
not good at spearing look good every Co
I'm doing up going backwards I'm not
turning this one clip mommy and stop
really my dad with all the work as he
was sitting in the back but he told me
like what to do so like laughs right and
sometimes I tried to like see something
every time he would say left right I
would go the opposite
look again
no where's anything wrong penny nope the
book actually we were looking for the
British secrets an IV in here it's so
spooky for response when George
Washington keep you don't take care
I found I was one foul rabbit - lets go
did you find the secret moment we've all
been waiting for
what is Blake
oh wait maybe it's invisible ink and
then we'd all saw it clearly telling us
it was time for lunch we have snacks in
the car and two day-old sandwiches under
the seat we can rock-paper-scissors see
us to take a bite just like Nancy Hart
mission accomplished
thanks to your bravery now we'll know
where the British are gonna strike next
to celebrate we will now eat day-old
sandwiches that wasn't all we learned in
Georgia next we have another dangerous
mission to take care of a jailbreak we
were off to learn about another Georgia
Patriot named mammy Kate mammy Kate was
a legend she was a hero and very very
brave so maybe Kate was a slave and
slaves lived a really hard life they had
a work and work at work and they lived
in the smallest house ever back you had
to fit ten to twelve people in her
master was a colonel in George
Washington's army and he was kind of a
big deal he was a he was a powerful guy
here in Georgia and he was captured by
the British in a battle and sent to
prison hello sheep but mammy Kate
bravely planned to rescue him on a horse
of course that's why we're here
no way haha alright I met like this hey
Romeo
my was his name was Phoebe and she was a
girl she had two different colored eyes
one was blue and one was brown one two
three
oh yeah this is no story of mammy chick
she would ride fifty files on her horse
every day to nearby prisons because her
master was held prisoner that is healing
a couple feet and this little pony
she talked her way into the prison she
bribed the guard she was like I'm gonna
bring you clean laundry and they let her
it one night she told the guys she was
just doing a load of laundry so she
takes Steven puts him in a laundry
basket covers him in like clean clothes
and sheets and carried him out of the
prison to his freedom
she wrote 50 miles and then carried a
dude in a basket over her head mommy da
so to honor this brave woman we thought
we would you know getting some laundry
baskets and see what happens right cuz
why not because America we tried to
reenact Mary Kate and me and Hayley got
into the laundry basket we have we have
odds and venya and eggs benny a team won
and we have mom italian h money on team
they're not really laundry baskets it
was kind of more like a stroller that
you could stand up in look so they
didn't have to carry us over their heads
that'd be really scary all right y'all
ready Oh three two one we decided see
how the meet would be no longer
investment so my dad carried George
Washington on his shoulder in the
laundry bag so we did it you're welcome
and then my dad tried to get into the
laundry basket oh it's gonna break right
great the laundry basket broke we were
pulling across the finish line
not just of this episode but our entire
march through the American Revolution
we hope you had as much fun watching as
we did making this and that you learned
a little something about how this whole
democracy of ours got started
you
thanks for watching retailing makes
history
you
I put a
