hi for me
hey good morning guys we're ready to
walk out the door rule is blank you stay
here daddy will watch over it and throw
it the trash meanwhile Annie is ready
for her long day H money's already at
the school it's bright Leo's and braids
and this isn't even really her bright
Leo's and braids outfit this is just for
dance which is where we're headed now
what's this idiot what's the thingy oh
you want to see yourself yeah dang it
horseback riding gymnastics Haley's got
gymnastics oh I've got to do her braids
we're doing braids and Auntie Karen
later hybrid so pretty we are out the
door right now
now he's gonna edit for you guys oh yeah
we're gonna press grunt Jana when we got
in the car and they trash boxes on our
way so let's navigate they're here
okay you guys so we really do have a
full day or squeezing it all in
preparing for that horse we're gonna
start preparing for a bunny soon but I
don't think there's as much to prepare
for just some research so Annie's gettin
ready to learn she's learning how to
take care of a horse learn how to ride a
little bit more oh you need a jacket a
little wool hey how is everybody hey
miss tyranny I miss you Carrie
you know what's going on oh my goodness
for Christmas shopping
Paige we haven't left you know I don't
blame you I mean that Haley would hit me
Haley's favorite page - this is what
we're we're I am down for our wish list
a doll bed yes please wait two American
girls at Toys R Us now I guess so
that's huge oh look at her shoes
oh yeah baby fall a baby the baby phone
yeah and there's a little pizza oh no
popcorn that's really sweet
I remember I'm getting this as a kid and
I would like put big circle yeah I want
Dez Yanis I was then I just like
submitted a pig oh look nice turn the
Peppa Pig right here yeah the thing that
you're playing with
hmm yeah yeah so we can feel you that
you look cute today what it's you what
is today
um bright Leo's and braids we haven't
done the braids yet obviously but and
you know shunt hover Leo on yet we're
gonna do horseback riding after that you
know we are just gonna squeeze it all in
okay so apparently yesterday at Dan with
Miss Carrie at the gym they were
partners is Carrie a nanny hi girl oh
they just did the warm-up without me
watching little acro going on their
partners apparently and then she goes
down and then she got oh that's awesome
hi good morning cotton morning everybody
morning alia and Katy it's cold here
that Friday huh and then we can just go
like do the trick fantastic
flare 3.0 be frequent time what's the
question to be like the pro yeah brought
I when I posted that picture it sparked
rumors that we were planning something
and I'm sorry you guys like eventually
I'm sure there will be a certain Flair
3.0 but it's not and apparently one of
my comments alluded to the fact oh oh
yeah Katie said something I think right
and still runs like when's it happening
like I'm sure there will be a time where
we perform like right there's no like
something that we're playlists stirred
Blair VidCon Mantle's
right so there's still a thing
because it's 40 60 mm oh please first
time welcome alia oh geez
cuz we should be stretching oh wow we're
going all out wait so let's just leave
it down just the doors here right
are you throwing rose petal she's
apparently getting married you got a
head I hear too good horseback riding
tell miss Gary things we ha ha
good job today come on good work really
do a good improvement thank you
from dancers a horseback rider got all
our new gear look huge in looks I can't
wait to see the helmet on it's gonna be
so exciting Monica it's not excited to
see how well you're riding the horse
excited to see how you looked on yes all
about the fashion are you excited
you're gonna turn into a gymnast at
midnight not really at like 3:30 same
thing it's a beautiful day you guys a
little chilly it's like high forties
bringing some treats for the horses yeah
I got a new halter hey buddy what did
your name which is your name hey Bugsy
where you come in and give me Oh Bugsy
would love one
oh man guys you forget how big horses
are until your like next to them they're
massive party Oh bugs lucky it's
beautiful
looking good some black it looks so good
that's cupcake hey cupcake he's blind
he's born blind on that I hug him like
he's from free are you kidding
say don't let me you can do anything
people if a horse can do all that don't
let that stop you
marce always on the left then you make
sure to listen so you hold his head up
and you hold it in here and you make
sure if you have the end their signal
tripping on this volume and if long as
you have his head up and he can be
pretty strong strong backs
just hold it happen ego right here to
that side around with the other major
will do what you want
oh I won't touch it I was going to touch
you but I don't want to be electrocuted
by you the boss I hear hey I agree hey
buddy
vacuum a dog you could vacuum your dog
good
like camera head
yeah
yeah look Annie is geared up did you do
this by yourself you saddle him and all
that other jazz that I don't know the
lingo - yes you did part of it okay
learn and learning oh my gosh YouTube
are so cool he's awesome espera not a
gymnast on your ride be a gymnast later
today but then you want to do long yes
very problem would feel the hamstring
Dalila you are precious Delilah Delilah
does need any help she doesn't need your
help
think we're she riding outside to die is
that what I heard Billy
that's exciting since he's ignoring me
you are beautiful too
trying to film the different things
pretend like I know what I'm looking at
 go
see I don't think he looks like he's
fine to me like I don't know what he's
supposed to be doing
he looks like he's doing ok they want
him to go faster than that who's
controlling him your mom well Annie is
like her seats really good right now
she's um as she works on her seat and
her seat gets stronger she'll be able to
like kick him on but right now it's
mostly my okay but like he's kind of
like you know you can't really control
me you're not on me yeah you think
you're controlling me but oh we're close
is no get you Annie's on around upon
testing here oh yes she held on
successful day you ready to be a gymnast
now dancer rider gymnast so it's braids
and right illios today so I'll have on a
break Leo and mommy's doing my hair it's
a braids crazy so we got dutch pigtails
going around the back and into a
fishtail it's not my best fishtail it
almost looks similar to a braid but
maybe I can fit how we have ever been so
yes thank you do you want me to pull it
so it's a little sticker sure
this'll little not a lot a lot bit here
I got Alan Pole
do you know how to hold now dad pull ha
ha mrs. Kim said you kind of pull from
up here and I haven't done it I haven't
pulled up period
I'm kidding him get in there this this
meat hair I don't like how I'm doing the
back you guys I need some advice I don't
know I don't know if I should have
parted it it looks fine once I get the
comb but I'm not sure I mean it's not
bad hey um yeah so we got to get moving
I feel like I say that all the time yeah
I have to get moving I is this blurry
look look watch oh you're gonna come
back here doesn't be like this is focus
guys we made stress balls and sand in
that one I want to laugh when it
explodes and you have to clean up sand
like you cleaned up hang on hang on this
isn't working
there's a little glare on it there it
goes huh like you had to clean up
glitter and then our other stress ball
has um slime in it the baby Annie that's
gonna explode and Piper is not sure
about all this I wish I had extensions
for music plays what just for music
please I should be the title for this I
wish I could have expansion sweetie are
you gonna be here today
mm-hmm no hmm so when are you gonna do
one for me to have to do you didn't do
my yesterday right because you're doing
them so late
no I did it I was too busy doing your
one from the previous day but you didn't
tell you know in the morning we do one
of these in your morning oh ship are
gonna be there I'm amazing at it like I
can like a watch okay so so far I'm
you're part of the days then horseback
riding and it's going to be my favorite
birthday so now I gotta wait till the
next Wednesday whole nother week mmm
once a week is not a horseback ride you
want it what I um isn't a lot of
horseback riding
what is another one's life what's a
lifetime
what is like is like the national event
of choice Becker you that Amin let you
go where's ready probably twice of me
yes not going home time you can go out
there and you know what if I did not
domestics
like if I had ended rest I just wanted
to get voice by credit I don't know
enough about horseback riding to know
how much you have to go to be proficient
but I mean you can go out there more
than that rush though yeah I could just
go out there and brush it out even right
I'll do that Saturdays well you think
eventually I think you'll be trained
enough to be able to ride the horse
without miss Moorea wheel in my turn
four bright Leo's and hmm I am in Popeye
so it's Popeye braids and bright Leo's
only if only pop I start with a B so
this is Hayley's brightly oh you don't
have any brighter pants than that you
know me to go look later here this isn't
very bright it's not is it to cover it
all up so it can be a surprise we're
gonna do something to this hair we're
gonna braid it to grades this is the gel
one you guys are not the jet well it is
gently like this is the UM fine slime
slime slime that we were telling you
about earlier
this was Annie's Leo Baeck well kind of
makes me happy to see you wearing her
stuff I'm gonna be sad when you grow out
of Annie's stuff and no one to sell it
to I wouldn't sell it to younger kids my
younger kids on you you are my youngest
mm-hmm so hey I would be we stop with
perfection Haley we stop with perfection
the rumors aren't true people we're not
having another baby we heard and saw
some rumors yeah you wish
sorry guy for those that were excited to
think that
wait what yeah rumors aren't true hmm
I like room where we are braided up she
looks a little like pipipipi
Longstocking her braid is having a mind
of its own right now um so we're ready
I've got the braid down you know it's
like Pippi I've got the braid down but
I've got placement not down we'll figure
it out I'm gonna perfect it by the time
meat season is over so we're at Party
City and we are going to find Superman
Oh what are we gonna do for decades
what thing I do you want to do and go
look I think so guys if you haven't been
paying attention this week it's spirit
week fifties I Gentiles know about every
decade the decade what if I just dress
it normal I'd be like this is decades
this is a decade this is a decade Here I
am in this decade but they they're
themed with days and tomorrow is
superhero I'll do them tens tens I got
guys where are we in now we're in the
tip the teens I only wanted I guess
we're in the 20s no nope we're in the
teens 2016 so and then the next day is
decades next yeah
Friday is decade which decades in ado
let's go look and you can see which one
makes you excited no smart nauseum love
that car I don't want to when I grow up
there I want to check yeah
I'm saving your money I can't baby my
money yes you are I got a whole freakin
oh wait I just spending it on Halloween
stuff definitely go this parking lot
confuses me go stay I'll be the director
the director II mean the Navigator no
the director go left
Jose right wheels all right huh was I
right when I was left okay anyway buddy
you're gonna go right no you're gonna go
left only cuz now you see me coming over
here yeah it's just look at this time
you're getting a less mommy I'm crazy
Gladwell's lanes right yeah good job
ollie you're great job looks got a light
 kind of charger for the phone or
are you nuts
oh you're so yeah I'm gonna get you know
cause you're gonna driving you can't one
drive anyone number two is you gave me
the idea I wasn't even coming after you
until you gave me that you did it and
you're gonna get painted hey don't you
dare
Carl I'm guiding hey you never know when
it's gonna come
I feel like I'm blocking that lane well
speakeasy bar people are kidding me so
I'm not blocking up I think I think I'd
be an amazing driver just you know I
think I could do it Oh me and miss Jill
decided that you guys are gonna be
excellent drivers when you grow up
because sometime when you're driving up
have it have quick instincts like makes
what say instead I believe that you as
gymnasts have quick instant yeah well
you're about to through your series you
have to say oh you better go this way
nobody bad that way I think that's gonna
make you exactly what you're doing
you're perfect idiot just the way you
are and then I'm like by that time I'm
up the beam I want you to tell everybody
how easy hand hands are my god Hannon
they're so easy I did like 20 today okay
so you look like you were doing them on
the floor they were beautiful so that's
what this up training is all about
mommy's you're turning left
I think you director anywho ZZZ I mean
like I know around all the matters I
would too close to the gym you get the
feeling in your belly right yeah
a butterfly lashes I can tell as spider
instincts it's mama
Manny we're going to the gym right now
so their boards in front of us no it's
that way
no it's not okay well there's an X on
over there so is like an excellent hello
oh you're so turn your helmet oh my god
to Toys R Us and get American Girl dolls
yeah so not a branding deal I'm excited
that I can go to I'm going to looking
out into that if American Girl dolls is
it Toys R Us right not just to them if
that makes my life so much easier said
because I love the weight animated
brothers order it online but sometimes
the fun of it is going to the store you
know and seeing it all it's time for the
question of the day in the questions
they I made it is what is of your most
favorite thing to play with look at Olli
anything I like clay is that a weird
thing I just liked it or or like a
squishy is then I can focus more that's
good one so don't forget it I'm goes
with mundo crush from day is what is
your favorite toward creamy through keep
my legs
no mommy did guys always remember to
celebrate life
a baked potato baked potato
thanks for watching
Britt Ailey
