for me it's Disney day at gymnastics who
are you gonna be um Mickey Mouse we've
got some Mickey stuff it's Mickey with a
bow which may be mini but because it's
the black and red theme we went with
black and red for Annie and pink for
Hayley so she'll dress up later tonight
for practice so all right will you just
get everything else on whatever you want
to do we're gonna be at gym like pretty
much right on time good fun so we have
six more minutes so we're departing
Manda's gonna be can I show it Amanda
Amanda is gonna be stitch for Disney day
oh my gosh
and daddys gonna wear boots on his hands
oh it's cute
watch her patro transform yeah I put on
the outside transform in ten Mickey oh
is it still hurting oh girl oh don't
curl it I know I'm full of really good
advice
whew guys look so cute I love Disney
yeah well hey that's adorable you guys
look great that's good yeah it's perfect
no all right my friends I think we did
it
why do I have to carry your phone and
you're quite capable I'm just kidding I
already knew what you meant
even horrible that's true look at me
it's just black and white strips it's
perfect I couldn't find your other
lunchbox
nailed it see I plan to that that whole
time
hi the lunchbox from yourself but you
can't find it you guys want to go in
where you wanted to sit in the car all
day I'll open the door for you yeah
oh she's like tough yeah she is old
Mickey with the TJ dressed up you
dressed oh yeah oh yeah look Oh what is
it I can't see her belly at all Belle
you guys look super cute I am married to
you I think she's Mickey just she's girl
Mickey I know yeah majesty Minnie well
cuz Minnie's pink my gosh you're yeah I
guess you can be Minnie Oh
Hailey's Hailey's Minnie - but it's
paint Mickey
here's his old school I love it your
accosting didn't have pockets
oh my gosh Mia jeez
okay leo her mommy that is so really she
made it for this oh that's so cute you
have it was maybe yeah you could just
stay right in my arms oh oh
they made puppy slime you don't have to
go on a scavenger
glue-glue scavenger hunt because no one
had glue like a parade of rate of Disney
that was cute thanks for playing a game
oh is it charades where are they going
honey once I get it
confused Mickey's
like a scoreboard maybe oh we got the
little girl she's got to get ready for
gym she's got a dress up like Nicky
Mouser Minnie Mouse and look at this
little fight he is you guys are gonna be
magic vampires hailey just spilled the
beans on what her Halloween costume was
gonna be I don't know if we hadn't
announced that vampire yes what what why
am i drawing a blank oh I know what Anna
is gonna be we announced that already
could you guys saw her costume the
deviled eggs yeah you were sleeping huh
we just walked in the door and you were
snoozing Hailey's got a canker sore in
her under her lip it hurt really badly
so I got some numbing medicine hey hey
hey how you talk yeah tell our GG teller
do not talk to your mother like that all
right are you ready to transform into
Minnie Mouse I made changing to not
having up Hankerson
okay you want medicine before say mother
no may I please have some medicine
please have some medicine so like ha ha
sure Hayley now your tongue is gonna be
numb yeah bah boom is it numb uh-huh
good numb feels funny
say my name is Hayley nah my name is I
like lollipop I like a lot of epochs
dude it on you I like it I said is it
did it work it feel better
mm-hmm okay that was step one step two
is to go get a Leo a pink Leo and I'm
gonna go get all your mini stuff ready
and and I lost her you guys I lost her
oh yeah it's a stress ball
okay well Minnie's gonna be late for
gymnastics I'm fixing you dinner and
getting your mini stuff out if you're
not ready you're gonna be late manually
what don't you dare put it on Piper no
it wouldn't hurt her she would be like
Piper just run if he comes there you you
run VIPRE oh let's see oh okay so we're
gonna do pigtails pigtail braids or
pigtails Tim Raines
I didn't mean braids I could do pigtail
braids I guess and then we're gonna pop
these little barrettes on top and she's
gonna be all mini doubt love this okay
let's go do your hair we've got a few
more minutes before we need to leave
what is that oh yeah you want to look
ready ready for a sneak peek
I'm gonna raise this up are you ready
bud okay let's see the whole outfit
Minnie Mouse is ready to go can you do a
handstand in it that's the important
things in life
nice all right
I'm borrowing Annie's Mickey by with you
oh man I don't want missing brother here
let me guess you watch a portly I don't
want anything hmm
Mickey is gonna drive us home today
Oh ever had to push the brake in
Mickey's confused there you go
how was Disney day good did dressing up
like Mickey make your gymnastics so much
better it did yes actually I made my
volt silicon really should wear a tutu
more often where did you feel ology you
didn't have well having the vibe the
Mickey vibe okay so you're gonna wear
that leo for the rest of your gymnastics
career I have been my literally sitting
on the couch since I gotten home from
domestics trying to go to sleep and I
actually did do's off so it's okay but
I'm going upstairs to pick out some
whacky techie Tuesday gym stuff because
this week is spirit week and as you can
see today's was Disney I had like Mickey
ears and stuff like that
let's see so it's gonna be wacky tacky
so I think I'm gonna pick out like
something bright and I'm gonna put my um
pants under my Leo and then one of my
socks inside out I don't know I don't
really know here is what I'm wearing
Shh G so there's a leg Walmart's going
on my hand
Leo these first put these on first than
those then this then all the accessories
and you guys ready to see my hair this
is my hair I'm gonna do got two
scrunchies up on a hat it's got clips go
ball and two I'm gonna do
for people who don't know what's going
on this probably looks a little bizarre
what's he doing um he is trying to
attempt to be me doing the handstand
challenge me to reenact reenact here
stuff on into their morality and music
refrain I'm filming this yeah you should
totally get it so Haley took holy Haley
took an Instagram picture of a handstand
right in this area so he's with this all
on because it was Disney day obviously
and so he's reenacting it right now so
check out all their social what do you
have your super Haley 7 on Instagram
your press handstand 7 on musically and
go go oh gosh please don't break the
door if you hear it creaking don't put
your foot on the glass they're not
impressed show us all your straight oh
yeah Joe I got to get up further back
cause he's stronger than you nice makeup
this angle mommy he can't stand there
forever
I got it that's working on a string
nailed it
and the question today is if you could
change your name what would you change
it to what what is it if you could
change your name
well if you got there you could change
your name what would you change it to
hmm Zoey Danny
Anabelle yeah hmm Hannah Hannah Hannah
Kaylee Kaylee hat hey like a deacon
it's the Haley's huh don't forget to
comment down below cuz we want to know
the question of the day is if you did
your name what would you take - so by
always remember to celebrate life ah
baked potato baby
thanks for watching Vitaly
