this is an ad for Lego dimensions hey
everybody welcome to a special episode
we are here today to compete for an
ultimate prize yes we're gonna play Lego
dimensions against Evan to HD flipping
Katie and working with limits are we
gonna win definitely because we have a
secret weapon I'm Arthur Parsons I'm the
secret weapon
I'm a head of design at TT games and
yeah we're gonna know all the secrets
about Lego dimensions so you guys ready
to learn some cool exciting stuff yeah I
can't wait to share the secrets there is
one thing that's most important in Tic
Tac booms that's the motor playing run
you have got to run lucky you've got
Jake the dog and you're gonna need to
run run run run run you see the the ball
here they're they're rolling around on
okay the ball is the biggest problem
that fuse runs out it's gonna explode
you Lou delight for you do not on his
life okay so you've got a run if you
have the bomb you've got to pass it on
to someone as quick as you can tag them
get that bomb on them all right
so plan a is run client a is run yeah
and if plan a doesn't work you've got
Plan B Plan B is run as well okay each
arena has got different hidden areas
you're gonna need to find in these areas
places to kind of hide and lie low if
they find you that's when you go back to
plan a that's when you run yeah okay run
planet right you played Lego dimensions
I know you guys have played like a
dimension but for year two it's a whole
new thing right the idea is it's gonna
bring you know families like you guys
together bring your friends together and
instead of playing the game just two of
you you can play with four of you now
this is how cool dimensions is aside
from the main game so that's what the
ballerinas are all about now if you lose
a heart and you find your revive it'll
bring you back and give you an extra
heart this is the keratin you're going
to actually be using
in the arena you pick that bottom ball
if you bring with yet and then let go on
there it'll transform into something
different so this is tight these are the
power to Jake the dog the paws the suit
is is probably one of the coolest gets
bigger but then it gets bigger it makes
you a bigger target
that was awesome thanks Arthur can't
wait to go out there and win here we go
all right so I'm gonna be wyldstyle
I'm gonna be Jake the dog yes I'm gonna
be him
works I'm going to be Voldemort and I
will be lumpy Space Princess okay we'll
go to tick tag boom and three two the
pillow world or the breakfast Kingdom
practice Kingdom oh poor Dobby won't say
oh my gosh guys a minute I have cast
ever dies whoa
oh the pancakes are Springs that's cool
okay and then the bomb now I don't want
to talk about at me about this oh go oh
hey that ball game huh I need to use the
spatula launcher spatula loafer oh I
think I'm fine whatever I'm honest
Oh Tommy me I never advise so much right
now
okay - I'm gonna be a wild style I'm
gonna be Jake the dog
building a Baltimore I am going to be
this guy from the ATM I don't actually
know his name and where we go ah stop me
hi oh I need you is hilarious for the
place it's a fact
what take anymore
so answer on the first round
Evan on the second round we are on round
three which is the final round and we
have no idea what is going to happen so
we should get started all right so I'm
gonna be wyldstyle
oh okay who's next uh I will be better'n
I'm Batman
okay um I will still be Jake the dog and
of course I medieval and IMF I believe
we're going to the Mission Impossible
boys place looks cool I know right why I
started jumping go there straight ahead
Amy does you get that blue white thing
get it I need to go okay I'm hack you
right there should I feel like when I'm
sure Oh mom you're gonna hit up a be on
the way oh yeah
yours it Dylan first photos we're all
tied for last go ham since winning right
now my fingers are you know I know I'm
happy about
yeah this problem for all the marbles
cuz you guys each won one yeah Jake oh
my god so I've got the results the
results are in do you wanna know who won
yeah I've got a big shop in cigarette
hello winner is it's over
thanks everyone I hope you guys enjoyed
it a special thanks to WV games for
putting this all together make sure you
check out hide in all the other
competitions you can check them out here
bye guys see you next time
