for me so these little girls stayed up
till 3 o'clock in the morning and now
now they have to go home do you guys get
any sleep at all
Annie are you tired now I'm not leaving
you alone
what about you are you tired we have
Arden Halley and manda in the cocoa and
daddy because he has to drive but
anyways and Amanda hey don't
ten and two no Mia left her dad came
back up Canada Gert picked her up
we here's the plan we just had breakfast
here we went dozen doughnuts
um the plan is we drop walter new girl
we're gonna go drop man to audit her
house then we're gonna drop Arden off me
and my dad dad are gonna go back to the
house near jail and then oh yeah like
not not that and then we're gonna go
back and Manda's gonna come with us to
go to Dover's so so we're gonna and over
I like I like to so I'm like Dover's is
like so we're losing Emmanuel is using
the horse stuff like where you can get
riches and like this and if you close a
hat we dropped it off man de for
dropping off Arden
yeah but we stopped the car for men art
instead of jumping don't be glum here's
the fun do stop you're gonna go home
you're gonna shower I'm ready for the
day today Oh lunch mommy wants to take
some pictures then I'm gonna go grab
Amanda and then we're gonna go to David
why there's only one we've got pictures
steeds to take pictures we have to
update picture you get well for starters
Hayley wants to change the intro and
outro to her channel because you need
the new picture for that and we just
need new pictures for you guys it's
picture day knee your bum oh right a
little bit and so we have fancified the
girls up today put on some cute outfits
it's time to update some pictures it's
been a long time since we've taken
pictures so these are our first outfits
do we like do we like Andy's got to put
some shoes on you have some low boots
like Hayley's got but they're brown so
we've got like my room outfit sprawled
out and accessories and everything out
the camera dented it um shooting with
the big camera today but this lens I'm
gonna switch lenses we're gonna see what
we do for what we can do to update some
of these pictures I think that'll be
cute okay alright let's see let's see
let's see
I think it's cute that brings out this
in it yeah yeah I think I like and then
we're gonna put this with a jean jacket
we think later we're gonna take some in
this jacket and then we're gonna put a
jean jacket we're just gonna do all
sorts of things so stay tuned hopefully
for some updated pictures we gotta go we
gotta go cuz then we're also going to
the boot store apparently to get not
well the the horse-riding
store it's called Dover's or something
I'm not sure but what the thing is is
Annie's been horseback riding a few
times and she plans on why am i filming
you and I'm talking about Annie because
you're
Albertine she's cute too but you're
behind me you're beautiful too
um because she needs some real boots
instead of like these fashion boots so
Amanda daddy's going back to get Amanda
even though he just dropped us off he
had to say goodbye to her grandmother
who's going back home
so he's going to get her right now while
we take some pictures then we're going
to get some real cowgirl stuff oh my
goodness
and he's got the camera and I've got the
little camera and it feels weird to hold
this little thing in my hand now hey
they were digging shouldn't even know
what button to push or up the Lighting's
right why does it one morning it won't
it'll it'll focus when you start taking
pictures no no you know I feel why
aren't they showing up
you got hit play oh good shot Annie oh
when he's ready
really wait we need ready for her
close-up
her extreme close-up Winnie
oh that's too close winning Abdullah
don't get on her all right we're gonna
do another outfit lucky close-up wait
what oh wait oh whoa look at my chin if
you're careful I'll let you take
pictures
maybe Haley I'll let you take pic oh
that would've been a cute area let's go
over there where Haley is magic says
yeah Haley wait let me help you with the
lighting okay guys check back in I'm
gonna teach Annie a little bit about
lighting a little that I know I'm gonna
help her with Annie come over here I got
really pretty light so try filming going
this way since the lights come into the
tree Joe got the change or light though
could you have a lot of light coming
into unit you're gonna need to go up and
Haley you want to come off the tree you
don't ever want to be right up against
it like that unless you're filming
right there you can get really close my
favorite pictures are the close-ups cute
the good light click click click when
you find good light you don't stop
clicking but as you move your light
changes so you got it you got to learn
how to flick through without looking so
look you can you can change that as
you're going mommy look good Oh keep
clicking Anna you got really good light
and you learning how to take pictures
and hey leave learning how to climb a
tree I go down a stop go down a little
let a little bit more light in what I'll
take some of the pretty pretty princess
that's good light and he just said she
felt awkward wearing this outfit and
isn't worth anything I think it's cute
look I can't cancel I got it now we're
going in we're gonna get Annie what she
needs and we brought a secret weapon
with us
come on man they really need practice it
look at the string that Mommy wouldn't I
don't want to kind of do a title on her
hair and he's got does it look we
extension from right now like here's why
that where the hell I did look good oh
there's just simple yeah not like I was
expecting like cowboy but up oh my gosh
and where I just wear how to choke so
any I need like a it's badly for us out
to us a push those socks or something
you want to measure your Fire Island I
think I need a six I figured you needed
a sec those are five yeah six definitely
actually how's that feel
I'm gonna get was it yeah probably too
and you guys need me to go get booth yes
please we need to try a six and this one
what are those they're called half-chub
she said it so that you don't get
pinched Iowa by the saddle
it hurts so I wear these real fancy
whose fancy yoga yeah
well pause video friend that's good I
think it's a good mommy that there's
that style and there's a style with like
this in the back so if you have words in
here eager you can always make it bigger
but then if you want a tighter and look
here tighten it because Annie's like I
have to look good while I'm doing ideal
action here I don't know probably like a
helmet and new boots I'll be coming here
to lucky gets a new halter yeah lucky so
lucky because idea have you seen his
this used to be what his look like oh
and it is so faded I feel like this is
gonna be too big though Oh am I not
because you can change the but the
pumpkin made out of horse shoes oh my
gosh let's move Chevy until I love Eagle
when I get my voice you're taking it
from me okay I'm gonna get a new I'll
just go get a new one
alright this you got a new one mmm-hmm
we're done anything unless stanzas
alright I think we got everything I know
he likes men so I got him names and he's
been riding lucky until she gets her
horse thank you a man yeah giddyup
what Sisson either
don't stand on us don't stand on my mom
would come in here and shop I would
always just come over here and sit
mm-hmm
cuz these two have saddles on them Oh
saddles are fun hmm
I don't know why but look at it look at
that it's pretty just you think I could
pick the most expensive one just by
looking at it not even looking probably
look at that one
Oh like around the corner oh and that's
comfortable
that's nice I would hope it's
comfortable I hope it's a beautiful
Annie you're not getting that so you're
not getting a settle at all I'll just go
bareback no not my color
yep Rikin chair got it all right
all my horse lingo
really likes to eat I don't know what
they're talking yeah he's like best
friends with all the workers now time
for redness day I can't wait she's going
riding apparently Wednesday I got all
our stuff
Haley's ready to go get her stuff for
her bunny you guys can't tell me you
nail it Annie did you get all the stuff
you need and then some a few things you
didn't need oh wait I forgot a horse
well we're a little ways away from the
actual horse but we're preparing to be
ready any thunder new car so dangerous
Oh any bitty thing that an accent you'd
be gone mmm you could even see it
because it's so tiny
oh it's Joe just roba grab some dinner
yeah and Mandor staying with us and tiny
puppies happy client's go home here we
go gets a lungs
um sour cream cream shaving cream that's
her cream - little sour cream would be
delicious and a shower cream I'll give
in easily day what I'm not having a good
music why I don't just happy some days
how do you know if you have a champion a
walk
Oh how do you know if it's a good day or
a bad day based on how many people like
it or how you feel about it when I feel
about it we'll try again many many -
better aren't you doing pretty good yeah
what shells playing what's the big idea
plan is she's gonna she's gonna do
musical ease and I'm gonna pick one of
the ones she does during the day and I'm
gonna do what I do and just like her
and Haley Haley's going to do an
Instagram and I'm gonna try to do one
looking just like she looked and then at
the end of the week they're gonna do a
reaction to the way I did there should
be exciting stay tuned we'll see if they
really actually do it
that stuff looks like the papers are
together our future should draw when you
were one good job
good enough oh yeah uh-huh so we're
making puffy slime now huh we made
regular slime one time yesterday yes one
day go Inez is coming really good out
and then mine is just uh hmm okay get
over there blue go go go go go dun dun
yeah mine is done okay that's good
what's our next step Amanda focus on
this oh it did focus on it okay anyways
so it is time to go to bed
no one debating I'm never gonna watch
her scary moving on but I'm too chicken
so I'm really a scary was like intense
movie I'm coming urban sharks they'll
probably guess tonight at Haley make
sure that drip on the blanket she's
playing with slime we made some it made
all right no she put foam in her so I
was like what and it's a different color
than yours well foam is that fun purple
foam no no she put the coral glitter in
it oh I get it
okay anyway so pushing days which one of
your friends would make the best
president opaw Amanda he's really good
at things dear parents count as your
friends yes if you're really close I
think Gigi you need for private and
screenshot it and do Instagram stuff of
it Gigi for president president vote for
me day Tokyo who Amanda Mia sorry
everybody asked that me and Mia
I'm pretty good people Mia and Amanda so
drunk at a comfortable ugly another
Kuzma day which one of your friends
would be the best president be tomorrow
hopefully don't cry during this movie
always remember to celebrate life ahh
baked potato babe
thanks for watching
the tailee
