hi for me
hey guys I'm at haley school picking her
up on friday and she's always hungry so
i decided to be smart today and bring
her a snack I hope she likes it it's
raining a little bit gonna be out soon
so hopefully she's ready for Friday
hey why you're always always tell me
something every day I pick you up you
know what it is
no I'm you say I'm I'm yeah goofy no
mm I'm what what are you usually
everyday to pick you up
what apparently she's not today no is
apparently she's not what am i I'm
hungry
yeah what did you get where'd you get
that ball Kyle oh boo
who knew this ball is colorful and I'd
like it to be colorful you saying like
I'm coming yeah yeah you said um I can
do it for every holiday
oh cool do you think Winnie I mean ah 20
Gigi could knock that one up with her
nose
what's great about today what it's
Friday again my goal for the weekend
yeah do I know is okay it's right under
fifty years we've had our very first
youtube channel yeah Anna uh-huh it's
Annie's eighth year territory mm-hmm
party and when I was your eighth your
time maybe then he'll he's already
hmm I try to knock that one out that's
gonna hurt your little face Gigi yeah
she could learn to do that I'll be cool
about her though that won't bounce like
your Ellen no it should drop what are
you gonna do do you want to go sit on
the porch with me in the rain it's
raining what'd she do Oh Haley's the dog
was like where did it go or Haley was oh
here the goes here goes the barking
did it hurt you crying little puppy with
a fire on my brain cooled it off out
here so we finally have some cooler
weather so we can justify turning this
on and hanging out here it looks like H
money's get this after-school snack even
though I brought our one ha did you
enjoy your first after-school snack you
born a 2.0 2.0 joiner
yes thing to eat and some yogurt cuz
they'll tear the screen up don't work
for well trained not smart join me on
this wonderful Friday afternoon ah we
got a feet up so today I was wearing
some really cute shoes that were like
dressy um they're flats and they were
really cute and then daddy and I went to
get some lunch and I got a blister so we
ran to the store and I got these that's
how you get a that's how you get new
shoes you guys you just get shoes that
give you blisters and then you whine
about it
and then you get some sometimes
grown-ups wine - no blisters hurt you
guys it hurt yeah and I'm not kidding
and when you're doing gymnastics I had a
band-aid in my purse and that didn't
have even help who's right there oh yeah
yeah
I hate when they're right here and right
here I hate when they're anywhere what's
your big plans this weekend I have bad
news I think it's supposed to rain
tomorrow we're supposed to go to the
hood football game I think it's supposed
to rain are we gonna go deal with the
rain and make the best of it or not go I
don't have an umbrella good just get an
umbrella make the best of it I can't
long mmm Haley's turned into a football
at it she's lovin watching some football
with her father figure he's my teammate
he's your teammate you should call it
yeah I know my thing son Haley's trying
to come up with a theme thing she wants
to re-record that it's me on her channel
cuz daddy's working on a few things on
her Channel right now yeah you could say
that so we were trying to think of like
a theme song because she wants to
re-record the beginning so we're like
what can Haley's little theme song be
it's a girl hey Haley how would you say
le Anya I liked uh I like I like the if
you got nothing to do
and your heart is feeling blue I've got
something for you it's me oh yeah but
you haven't done a DIY I have not done a
lot of DIYs any you've done um a
Halloween thing what's in my backpack
videos a jingle for her channel okay
good job Hayley football's about to come
on yeah you gonna come watch okay she is
like really loving football lately like
I don't know if you guys saw her
Christmas list but it says she wants a
football jersey we don't know what team
yet I think she says Dallas Cowboys
right now don't insult all the don't
offend although Dallas Cowboy fans and
she wants a football mmm and she wants a
new dog I knew hold on you have to get
rid of one Bulldog and make yourself
comfy Piper how about we turn the spooky
tree on and get some spooks going on in
here
you guys we were all spread out in the
house Haley's upstairs
Annie's down in the basement watching
the Shaytards we were stocking in our
videos today and
she's still stalking them they they got
us with their video title are we having
another baby or something so we had to
click spoiler alert they're not having
another baby in fact but go click on
their video anyway cuz it was a good
video it was a good bit no it was really
cute it was like that gender rebuilding
it's like when when youtubers talk about
other youtubers it's a YouTube
interception inception and don't let me
enter say I got football in the brain
YouTube ception anyway nope can't see
her anywhere
alright so who's playing on football
tonight what's the big game it's college
football Haley I know that boo my meat
hair is down we're going horseback
riding tomorrow and we're going to a
football game tomorrow exciting stuff
turned out very good actually
very nice snowflake I worked on some
school and I do a little bit more sad
wonder why Shannon of the day oh what's
the question today I'm gonna make is let
your favorite thing in your room that's
my favorite thing in my probably her
bears look something beside those
because she always has them well hi say
your coucher know your desk your makeup
desk no you're probably like my sports
box I'd like a jump rope a football
soccer ball baseball bat I like on my
hat I like my bean bag you just called
that it only haven't been that you have
a couch she has a couch in her room I
stuffed animals you're sitting on it all
the time and I cannot allow to move them
well I am but like I'd be there learn to
loft No
okay so don't forget to comment down
below cuz we now know that today is
what's your favorite thing in your room
bye bye guys see you tomorrow
ahh always remember to celebrate life
hey babe oh babe
thanks for watching
fit Ailee
