this is an ad for Nintendo ty4 look Amy
very Haley are just kind of laughing I
am really good it is actually not just
3d Isis on with do yes exile sorry I
just just say you know we got this new
game the other day it's called dial
savvy fashion-forward this one and right
now actually if we're designing an
outfit I'm not just stylist you guys are
still playing yeah I mean there are my
professions in this game and I am a
batik winner right now and I'm customers
with waiting actually my game waiting
right now how are they in your game
depends of it so you can't forget and
put it on oh my gosh she's part of the
game so now she can be your customer
uh-huh
that's really cool you said there's five
professions ones the boutique owner
uh-huh
what else can you do you can be a hair
stylist um a makeup artist
design your clothes and what was lost
last one the model a model uh-huh do I
see scratches guys what what do you
think you want to be if any of those
artists jinx okay well we can't sit here
my friends all day and play this game we
have laundry to put away later
Oh anyway it's not just like playing
game it's teaching us how to be done me
okay five more minutes and then you you
can design your own outfit continue or
whatever you guys are doing and then you
can show it to me yeah and then laundry
first thing I should do means I'm gonna
do these jeans next one I'm gonna go to
the shirt I'm gonna do black and yellow
with a shirt like plaid black and yellow
plaid and then I'm gonna put a jacket
over that
I'll do that jacket because it doesn't
cover the plaid sounds of shoes I really
like these they make it really tall but
I also like the black ones because I
feel like that's how it's gonna go with
my outfit yeah there's half oh wait
there's a change I'll pat one so this
implies there is my outfit
okay just buy my shirt mmm it's gonna
pimp
there they are there's overalls that's
cheap those shoes cuz those shoes are
good that's good jack oh there's a
little um jean jacket my outfit is
competing
I thought of the best challenge so I
want you guys this is gonna be fun to
pretend you're boutique owners Haley's
gonna come shop in your boutique you're
gonna go shopping Haley's boutique and
you guys are gonna try to find something
in your closet that matches what you
just designed okay Neal can you do it
this is gonna be fun
hello welcome to my boutique how can I
help you today I am looking for like a
jacket Oh a jacket like over top the
young one oh yeah was it over a white
and black structure like stripe or like
just black and white but no just stretch
just nerves okay in black overall oh I'm
sorry I some overalls okay see Oh what
about these oh he's perfect
what about this one this is perfect
how's that is that gonna get okay now
you need like a jacket uh-huh this it
has like over anybody can download a
there
okay all right now you said accessory
accessory you have like a new hat have
you cute glasses back oh um what about
this oh it's a beanie boo you can fit us
in here ready
oh yeah oh that looks amazing
I love the jacket
my turn
welcome to my boutique what are you
looking for well I was thinking like a
plaid shirt on some jeans like a jacket
and I do have a yellow shirt a plaid one
here this oh that is that is amazing
actually I think that will look very
good yeah it was a perfect can't see
them yes let's see
those look amazing I was also wondering
if you had like a jacket to go over
there oh this one yeah that's perfect
and like so just things like some
sunglasses and a hat oh those glasses
are perfect actually like these will go
very well with it snow oh that's perfect
I'm ready okay
question of the day what's your favorite
fashion accessory like B hats glasses
jewelry shoes purses pick one and what
can you not live out with you hat my
favorite probably person purses by don't
you tell me Lily do you want to know
another question of the day is what's
your favorite accessory always remember
to celebrate life ah potato baked potato
baby
thanks for watching
for tailee
