time for my mama's praying my hair
because you have a mock me today
so coach Mary just gonna come in and
judge us and I have no idea what I'm
gonna do because of my toe and because
not begin my toe hurts I mean the kind
hurts but like because I haven't done
stuff on my toe in a while I want done
like before and then yesterday put some
bolts but then I go really well but I
don't know what mama do but we're still
gonna have good hair right
hopefully I say that ha ha ha Danny's
favorite part
hey Joe she's so hard I'm not I'm being
very gentle now you are and two three so
here's my Oh Gigi oh hey you know papi
see my little baby puppy haha so cute ok
anyways if you bark if you bark
ok so I really like it
it's a dud free memory just don't you
like me here why not tight she doesn't
think it's gonna stay in but that's what
this mock meats about like I told Haley
not only see where you are but see where
I am on hair we'll figure out another
hairstyle if it doesn't stay are you
ready to go
we're getting Katie this morning ok ok
you look like I could
push you over back that would be
horrible ready how you feeling about
today I don't even know I'm doing ya
know how I feel we had that conversation
you feel like you're ready to go then
not much expected from you today just to
do your best and let's do as much as you
can
what are you nuts doing TV ah are you
trying to tell us all right my friends
we'll see you guys I got proctoring
today at gem school so I'm gonna be gone
most of the day time to go get Katie so
I volunteered to go and get her hey I
did all by myself buddy
we're always here here huh you didn't oh
he is cute how she did you just like
curl up into a ball
I don't know I watching TV I have no
idea what he's gonna do today I know I'm
like die did like in Hadoop or am I not
gonna do a blonde oh that's awful of me
am I gonna go for me ma'am I not gonna
go for bean am I gonna he'll like try
not sure yet which Mary's gonna let I
know I'm not um I'm gonna go that my
brains gonna let him know did your Madre
do your hair yeah it looks really good
to see this really huge shoes that I got
what you have to see these younger sheep
I told her like you got that ones that
she exactly what she had a nanny like I
want to I like the Quinns Kady garbage
didn't wanna like caught up are you
gonna wear them like actually in the
winter or they just came you feel like
like fashion and like like snow boots
because that'd be cool but really cool
if I'm at we are going to the meet I'm
buckling with money ends off working
very well so here we go
wait I got like a shoe I went to go get
lunch I missed your floor but I saw
everything else
Chipotle Oh mommy mommy well because I'm
proctoring so I wanted to make sure I
was back in time can't be late for that
what I bring
let me bring sneak into Anna's lunchbox
her favorite okay so how do / go pretty
good do you know why your scores Oh No
oh it was a ten uh uh because you had
them to the layout step-out and maida
all right
school time and I see something really
young you're looking her cuz it's
adrenaline Lin adrenaline crash okay I'm
Emily Headen two different actors out so
that one's yours oh my
Amanda what pressure on Instagram I did
too cuz we get all the scoop from
Instagram someone decided to come home
and fix themselves a snack ain't getting
the pajamas apparently cuz that's what
we do when we come home from school
apparently at school go to sleep right
you tired too bad you got homework
do it how school what'd you learn
nothing hmm well then you're not going
back
you go learn something today you're
worth going what days do you do Spanish
Thursday so you do it today what did you
learn in Spanish um oh yeah you learned
hola
Kozik como esta
it's only two remain and everybody else
Braddock let's go ahead
somebody came upstairs and went to sleep
I'm gonna have to I just want to say how
proud I am of you
sorry I didn't film your floor or even
see your floor but I don't think you're
going to throw that um layout step-out
me neither
really that like you didn't mix well
yeah actually I did I did I was like I
was like yo be crystal so like seriously
you guys I'm watching her warm up she
goes on the it was got a padded beam
that low B me run I loved that man Dan
took it all
so you did it on the low beam without
the patter you haven't found there with
that muffin um cake cupcake Finn um now
I guess everybody's hand it is so then
she warmed up all the rest of the stuff
up on the high beam and then she's time
to compete and I'm like okay she'd fight
he's gonna do back handspring loss but
that was a cold dismount I thought you
tuck is that make it easier especially
since we're gonna do landfill and she's
like you know she's like you know you
didn't can do tuck flow right that's
well as I saw the conversation she's
like you know you can do a tuck full
right I was like I can she just she's
like she's yeah you can do a tuck pull
I'm like okay I'm doing a tuck fold then
it was really exciting and your bar
routine you didn't warm up your double
back by removing bars the warm up wasn't
go anyway
but it went your way pretty good is that
the first time you've done it over shoot
and a routine like that
I mean without coach Luke without
somebody standing there got it like no
one was that well no miss coach Mary was
there but without like coach Luke I
actually like puts me on the ball he's
like Annie right here that was awesome
so lots of cleaning up to do but you got
through all your routines I'm sorry you
said floor was good though
you threw all your all your tumbling
passes mm-hm
like level 9 tumbling passes bonuses -
well not on like they're real real real
floor which floor we on the red one so
you were strip you weren't it wasn't
full word I mean like yeah it wasn't
corner-to-corner
still pretty good I wish I'd seen it I
didn't even know it got a new floor I
didn't know you're doing anything
because you really haven't practiced I
just chucked it tumbling or vault much
since Saturday Friday last Friday before
you hurt your toe I didn't do tumbling
on Friday last time I vaulted it was on
last Monday oh that's right cuz you
didn't do any vault in preparation for
the clinic and then you didn't do the
clinic you should be super brownian zone
how'd the hair go Miss Kim had a fix
about Ben I thought he's one of the body
things up she took two of my pocket
beef bobby pin beef because she only
needed three
you have nowhere to put the others I
need more than three bobby pins all
right well I'm glad it stayed it looks
cute we got lots of compliments on it no
one believed that I did it oh really
what about Miss Kim Kim said oh my gosh
your mom's getting so good at this oh my
god she taught me everything I know I
would do but that's where I was inspired
by her you want a chipmunk we can't find
him still
we're hoping he laughs we're home H
money's asleep you're not feeding the
chipmunk then he really won't leave I
know yeah keep him I bet what you don't
easy yeah my dad then I'll scratch you
and then I'll bite you you have those in
your lunch today
Oh new tour
um why don't you eat dinner and you bake
me didn't I smelled in her wonder of
daddy fix dinner while we were gone
oh I don't see it dinner time look what
okay really ever what are they I think
they're caramel chocolatey milk
coated it will candy-coated milk
caramels do you like them there's like
chewy huh I don't like them because I
feel like I feel like they get caught in
my teeth
hey dumb alright then we're gonna get
Haley I mean what's your name Annie
hooked up with some dinner yeah Haley
hooked up with some awaking and homework
Jeannie yeah I got Janos don't musically
spire and homework it's not even cold
enough really for a fire the funny thing
is it's not cold even close to cold
enough for fun no it's gorgeous dude
probably 70 high 70s out there don't put
it in the fire my friend you can tell
your teacher the fire rate you're home
yeah let's burn your homework and be
like sorry you don't my the fire ate my
homework so her friend her classmate
wrote her a word problem and she had to
figure it out
all right do you have other math
homework I had regular math okay
my battery's about to die I did all that
mock meat look at that isn't that fun
say just coming over I think just enjoy
our one stop no I don't do I'm giving up
my head still hurts you know nothing
wisemen nanny don't worry fine boom
bring um one with you know do you wanna
happen do you wanna stay close okay what
should be the question there has you
look hot
um would you rather live in a hotel or a
mansion like oh oh a mansion for now
hotel I say mansion cuz then you we have
it all to yourself these are our
notebooks this one's - with Hayley these
are our phone cases that we're gonna
make this one's mine this one Taylor's
um these are some stamps that we can
make dogs and stuff on us and she has
sparkles under here glitter glue glaze -
sparkles more star sparkles pastels
pastels um paint markers paint brushes
sharpies ribbon paintbrushes and more
paint it isn't colored pencils alright
yeah carpenter we're gonna talk look
guys we're gonna watch some football
today I'm getting my dribble hands
would you rather how own a mansion or on
a hotel bye guys bye guys tomorrow
always remember to celebrate life Hey ah
 baked potato babe thanks for
watching Vitaly
