hey bratayley fans i guess you've heard
we were making history and we're
starting at the very beginning of our
nation that is we're off on a trip back
in time to the american revolution in
costume and undercover we're in hot
pursuit of characters like General
George Washington lady spies soldiers
presidents pirates horses and some
pretty sweet dance moves will travel the
original 13 colonies to see what we can
find and recreate some of history's most
famous moment so saddle up good morning
everybody
we did it we went to bed super late and
got up super early the sun is shining in
Charleston and he wants to go back to
bed but we are all ready so let's go
make some more history Oh Nick history
of sleeping in a bed that's not exciting
that bed watching that TV that close how
about you go out that door
we're in the state of South Carolina
you don't be able to do it South
Carolina is a beautiful state and has a
lot of Revolutionary War history it's
got palm trees while Washington and his
troops were fighting up in the north the
Patriots in South Carolina way down here
also had their hands full more battles
were fought in South Carolina than any
other state
we're here on Sullivan's Island near
Charleston South Carolina just down the
road is a place called Fort Moultrie one
of the first battles here were spot at
Fort Moultrie one month before we
declared our independence the British
Navy came right over here to Fort
Moultrie and they launched a naval
attack against the fort here comes the
flip we made a sandcastle replica of
Fort Moultrie this famous fort was
supposed to protect the nearby city of
Charleston but it wasn't quite finished
when the British first attacked in June
1776 one two three awesome fort
bratayley awesome in honor of the Battle
of Fort Moultrie we have recreated a
perfectly to scale model of the fort now
let's check balls at it
we were reenacting that famous battle
when King George wanted to scare the
Patriots out of Charleston his Royal
Navy fired from their massive boats when
the British fired
they fired cannonballs a 2-1 fire we did
the same thing sort of
and here comes the big guns the Patriot
stood their ground though their army was
puny by comparison we threw the balls on
the floor just like the British back in
the day except our fort was not an exact
replica the real fort was not made of
sand it was made of Palmetto trees they
have really soft and bouncy wood so they
say that cannonballs couldn't crack it
instead they simply bounced off the
sturdy walls sort of like our beach
balls and just like this cannonballs
eyeballs didn't do a whole lot of damage
now for some five hurry one two three
four the colonists here managed to turn
back the mighty British Navy this was
amazing kind of like beating a Yeti by
pelting him with tennis balls well well
well right and a proud palmetto tree now
waves on the South Carolina's state flag
after the Battle of Fort Moultrie the
u.s. declared their independence a few
days later sadly just a few years after
that the British were back and they
managed to overwhelm the fort and occupy
Charleston which is where we went next
we went down to the dark scary budget
being a patriot here was very risky then
it could land you in the dungeon at the
old exchange building the dungeon was so
dark and spooky and it had like no
windows
Patriots were actually held prisoner
here
there were no windows and without any
windows there's no way for us to pass a
message to the outside world continue
fighting against the British food was
bad the water was worse there were rats
there were mice and other
disease-carrying insects it was just a
really disgusting and dirty place some
of the prisoners were young girls there
was a young lady by the name of
Catherine Saracen who was 11 years old
her and her older sister Sarah who was
about 14 were kept down here for nearly
two weeks there eventually let go
unfortunately her older sister Sarah
went mad yeah what do you think anything
of the dungeon I want to be holding back
down there guys
next we headed out to the country to
learn about one of the reasons South
Carolina was valuable for the British it
supplied them with a hard to get blue
dye from a plant called indigo indigo is
where we get the blue in blue jeans we
stopped to meet a friend of George
Washington's who pioneered growing
indigo in America
Eliza Pinkney my experiments with indigo
in the 1740s led to a new industry for
South Carolina a blue dye made from the
leaves of an indigo plant and brought
great wealth too many Carolina planters
Eliza started running her dad's
plantation when she was just 16 and
basically launched the Indigo industry
before she was twenty it said she
learned a lot about how to grow it and
make the dye from African slaves who
worked on her plantation and had brought
the knowledge from their homelands it
was referred to as so my friend Liza
Pinckney here perfected in the go dime
and now we are going to dye our own
shirts in honor of her amazing work
what's that going to be um it's going to
be a work of art odds got it I like to
push the limits I like to experiment
with new techniques and now I figured I
would use all the resources at my
disposal and keep rubber banding this up
and I think something special is going
to come out of it do you think the Dyson
just check it it took a little
experimentation to get to the final
product for you right so even though
this may be a failure maybe leading us
somewhere we don't even know about yet
to to South Carolina and to indigo I
call being next Oh tongs yeah that's
what look at it turned blue Wow blue
won't Annie this is salute
I made a blue crab Luke well my fingers
are numb can you feel this just called
the the ball technique
here we go oh my gosh whoa whoa whoa
daddy
that's so cool we're gonna have
something real special here it's gonna
be a while oh cool look at sighs a
spiral I figure it out I mean it did the
same design yeah age money
oh I tied this in knots - this is
aggressive Wow
George Washington decided to make a tiny
tiny shirt Haley sighs she opened it
it's not gonna be a slam dunk every time
and there's just like these blue circles
- tiny blue circles and the rest was
white now this is pretty cool um I'm
pretty sure we have a winner
it's pretty amazing it was weird
Eliza Pinkney was an innovator but we've
arrived at the plantation here in
Charleston our next stop was at Boone
plantation one of the many huge farms
that ended up making a lot of money
raising indigo from the seeds that Eliza
had given to them it is blue to the
calories those trees have been lining
the roads like this for a long time did
you believe that one person would have
owned all this all of this would have
been their house and their property yeah
but behind the beautiful house we saw
the small homes of the slaves whose
unpaid labor created this wealth even
the children had to work you are a child
slave in the plantation initially what
you did was work out here with the
people who lived with doing domestic
chores and things like that but there
came a time when your master would say
it's time for you to work for the
plantation well you did that regardless
of old you won't let that jobless so
these slaves houses when they were built
the kids that built the houses left
fingerprints on the bricks I would have
put your fingers in these three little
spots right there can you reach that
high yeah so somebody about your size
was making that brick before 1790 over
225 years ago Wow it's a little bit
hands are on it it's just your height
yeah as we looked around the cabins we
found handprints everywhere we looked it
looks like this is a solvent back when
these bricks were made about half of the
people in the south for slaves some
taken by force from faraway Africa and
some born on these plantations who lived
and died without knowing what it meant
to be free
this one looks like a dollar sign and
this one's about her head what one would
like a different size like one small
wing of my size one big one was like an
upside and play little boy oh we touch
just a bit of our country's hard history
we met a woman who shared with us the
stories and songs of slaves who once
lived here we were all from all the
different tribes so we ended up putting
our languages together now say for
instance you say this that they're them
then those so proper and Ghana we don't
say that when we talk we say this that
they're dumb then those and we had this
thing when we was going to work and we
come home on they had me walking all day
long from Cousy the key ah I see can't
see duck can't see can you say that -
can't see can't see the can't see mean
we got up in the dock to go to work when
we couldn't see and we didn't get to
come home until a dog when we still
couldn't see and you know a slave's
we try to get off the shot plantation
many times so sometimes we had to sing
songs you you know the song wade in the
water sometime we sign that song cuz we
sang it on as a message it was a secret
message only the slaves knew about it so
when we signed that song all day long
all morning afternoon wade in the water
wade in the water till an hour wade in
the water God took all the trouble gods
are gonna trouble gods are gonna trouble
the water
message there was gonna be escaped at
night and we want to get off that
plantation by water by bought or walking
shoot a river she like sang songs some
of them that we knew some of that we
didn't kumbaya my lord kumbaya
kumbaya kumbaya kumbaya kumbaya kumbaya
Gullah for a come by here huh welcome to
Boone Hall Plantation back in Charleston
we learned more about how these slaves
were bought and sold waters and greet
exact pleasure ah this was a space that
they sold slaves they sold slaves out in
outdoor markets and auction areas for
about 190 years the prices varied by age
it varied by skill level and it also
varied by your health and how old are
you five four seven about seven you
would be about $200 this was a sad place
to visit sometimes families got sold to
different masters and were separated
they were the ones that did all of the
work
our guide Estes is from Charleston he
knows his own ancestors were enslaved
here slaves were the ones that built
Fort Sullivan ladies we called Fort
Moultrie
oh yeah we're just over there they were
the ones that cultivated the rice and
the indigo in the car they were sort of
the bedrock for the backs of the entire
human system even while they were
fighting for their own freedom from
England a lot of the original founding
fathers owned slaves others Ben Franklin
John Adams Alexander Hamilton thought
slavery should be ended John Lauren's
was a Charleston patriot whose own dad
was a slave dealer John argued
passionately that the slaves should be
given freedom but he didn't win as we
rode around Charleston that evening our
feelings were mixed in 1781 the British
surrendered and the Patriots imprisoned
and the dungeons were free men but the
many nameless men women and children
whose hand shaped the brick that built
the city would have to wait another
hundred years for their freedom
I put a
