good morning everyone
the kids are at school and at a field
trip but I wanted to take this moment to
get everyone a life lesson about not
putting soda in the freezer that's where
it exploded the whole food would do
exploded out maybe we can do this on a
BKB about how water and liquids expand
when they freeze good morning everybody
we are going down to breakfast don't
have what are we having pancakes yep
Arden snow pancakes all the way from the
room I'm not sure how that's possible
what she did so we're going to the
pumpkin patch okay
good morning ladies hot chocolate and
chocolate pancake pardon what did you
have she had hot chocolate cream
chocolate chip pancakes
Mia no more pancakes and orange juice
Wow breakfast of champions I mean I
don't know a chocolate boy I watch it
like orange juice is right in there
pinch it guess who's my favorite yo me
Oh get mad good man
she army I knew it marvellous Mia Mia
gets mad when people say they like one
over the other she thinks that they're
gonna get their feelings hurt
meaning that yeah I messed up the pay
let Mia tries to cook try to me as
great pancake job yeah hands off my
pancakes these items could only mean one
thing
well I'm sure that could mean a lot of
things but they mean that it's mutt meat
day for hey hey she's upstairs I think
she's coming down though
wait we're in no Leah we're wearing
Vermont meat did you get your capris
agrees yes Capote's and I'm not human
because of dogs can get all over them
yeah they will get their fur all over
alright so I fixed you your after-school
meal and you're gonna sit right in this
chair oh why I'm eating um oh you eat
before I start pulling your hair let's
not put our shoes on the counter that's
gross okay so um what do you want with
it I fixed you like some noodles what
would you like
flyways no yeah that's what this and
this is for he had headbands yeah no
headbands we're gonna do a braid we're
pretty gonna do what miss Kim did for
the fashion show the GK fashion show and
gonna go on the side like that I'm gonna
try my York because you don't want it
from your handstand forward roll in your
backward roll it's gotta be out of the
way for the backward roll that hurdle is
skate arm so true but you still lay back
on your neck so we don't want anything
we don't want anything like here we're
gonna go this way
wait wait or we're gonna go this way
which way your hair parted your hair
parts here so you want the prettiness
over here way the fluff we're gonna do a
little fluffy so what you want okay Oh
what is going on oh let's see Gigi can
still do her trick you guys want to see
all right
well she's also trying to play with
fetch with the bone all right and then I
got a hurry because we really do have to
leave soon come on Gigi JJ come play
come play Bo
all right here we go oh okay wait wait
for guys all right here we go there she
go did you see this yesterday with it
yesterday all right this is what she
learned yesterday we're very very proud
of our dog who can Haley do it oh my
gosh you got okay all right thank you
hurry let's go aah
okay so we were trying these knees this
whole time in weekend oh yeah I even
posted any no Bible either let's see how
about I don't think I posted any I have
not posted any all right I came out
pretty good of how I wanted to kind of
oops yeah yeah so I'm just kind of
pulling it and then I'm gonna bobby pin
it where and spray it so this is what we
came up with I had seen the back yet can
you see it's braid all the way around
yeah I can and then we combined them
over here and we have to leave soon we
did like a little messy bun almost like
this but it has to do you like oh you
haven't looked in the mirror here and
can you take a picture for that yeah I
can all right well we had to leave in
like five minutes
are you ready for this mop meet no a
little worried about beams and
remembering the routine mm-hmm will be
okay hey Luce pea shelled it I don't
know that needs any bobby pins are you
ready
under breath Oh close your eyes I hope
this days we've never done this kind of
hairstyle oh um I guess that's good a
good reason to have a mock me is for
Patty I need my nails off something Oh
gonna pick them up right now okay you
take care of that so if this doesn't
stay we'll figure out another plan all
right we got to run through a beam real
quick she's not sure about the part
after the leap I know okay I'm gonna try
to film it but I don't know if I'll be
able to see anything Oh
all right he's attending a forest
handstand
so the question was you guys want to do
the maze now so this coach mary has to
leave soon so we can eat the corn of
kettle corn after we can save it
we're going into the twisted corn maze
okay we're at the pumpkin patch let me
see the ones you like Oh
ooh some good choices what are you
thinking
you got to eliminate two of them so
let's go down and let's eliminate two
that's your favorite one right all right
keep that one okay gotta eliminate one
more let me see
we got a runner
been a long day done getting ready to
get in the car
how'd it go I stayed and watched huh
nice bar routine yeah I couldn't see
vault no because it was going the other
way behind the wall hmm and nice being
routine you remembered the routine did
you get all the poses right because I'm
not sure but it didn't look like you
forgot anything
and floor you did your back handspring
you look like you're holding your wrist
were you holding your wrist after before
you competed yes it is already started
hurting oh okay good instead of hurting
when I was doing my round up oh well I'm
proud of you that looked good we get
scores next time right did you get to
see scores oh that's all fall and do you
remember what it was I think it was like
79 79 I've been like a 7.9 yes 79 and
then like what else did you say two and
eight something I know they gave you a
range right point fours they didn't give
you an exact score they gave you a range
about what you would be in and she's
starving so we're gonna go get her
something to eat so what are you gonna
paint on this pumpkin so I'm thinking on
one side it could be friend instead
Frankenstein yeah where I never intended
another no no that's not true it isn't
true okay well you do your side tonight
we can't do both sides tonight are you
you vanished
Oh what was your question
so that it won't rub off what does it
roll when you put it on that time pretty
good yeah
I can don't try not to bump the table
wake up how Haley yeah Howie how would
you survive the zombie apocalypse Oh
how would you survive the zombie
apocalypse
you wouldn't well he's done no I
remember I wouldn't die to develop a
fruit you wouldn't die why not I didn't
have daddy in an army so yes I'm a kid
but there's no what would you eat and
drink immature hey one Asti if you had
to choose any weapon during the zombie
apocalypse what would you choose alright
a weapon a knife Haley again
hey that's a lot of bullets you're
wasting there you heard that Amy's
friends how would you love your Papa
does not weapon would you bring always
remember to celebrate life ah thanks for
watching
Brit Ailee
