time for me hey guys so I am on my way
to my last appointment after my surgery
and this should be it they're going to
check my eyes one more time and then let
me know what the care procedures are but
everything is pretty much back to normal
there's still a little halo around
lights but looks pretty good good
morning everybody
so I have some braids in oh my gosh is
something loud okay so now the Sun isn't
much - so here's braids
here's how I took out free
I'm still not stopped done get it
top part out but look how creamy it is
what about antibody tail so then people
can see the growing stuff
they're pretty girl but now I gotta take
this out with my and if it's not working
so yeah here is no snap to make it the
other side ready so yeah turn it off all
right now the part really gonna like a
ponytail yourself then
I win
you guys they don't ever hardly growl at
each other but I bought them some
rawhides today gave each of them one GG
didn't want it
Piper finished hers and then moved on to
GG's and then you saw what happened when
don't give them candy so we were
apparently growling apparently Piper's
alpha dog you go out at Piper I don't
like you fighting with your sister like
that where you going don't go after hers
you're gonna get in trouble
Piper
away from it ooh Piper you're grounded
it's really not funny cuz they shouldn't
treat each other like that but it's kind
of bunny growl let her Crowder get in
her face and growl at her ah go hell in
public Oh guys truth less dare oh my god
for having um auditions or we just
watched a few odd days
do it no please don't let's leave it to
the kids boozled so send in your
auditions how do we send them on it and
hightail calm slash bratayley slash the
letter u / / tailee but you can go on
the other channels and subscribe and get
all the details there they're shameless
little plug don't forget to subscribe
and watch um some videos and if you
think you want to be on the channel you
might get to Skype with Piper
well we've Skype with them and we showed
them Piper so it's the truth
alright GG that won't let Piper get the
bone but Gigi doesn't want it
stand off hi Piper go get the bone okay
- Viper it's not like you're wound up
well it would have been funny if Piper
would have gone after hit oh that's not
nice gg gg hey guys I got great news at
the doctor today I have 2015 vision and
I shouldn't need to squint anymore I
probably still will it's a bad habit so
I'll have to break that habit but uh I
see perfectly fine so it worked so you
guys we have a pet chip Mike yeah but
Billy said he's not paying rent so he's
got to go we he found him yesterday mr.
Billy caught him in the net and took him
outside and got him out so he could be a
free chipmunk
and then the little guy ran back in the
garage so we left we've left the garage
doors open all day yesterday see we see
them and then I just saw I was taking
the trash out and he ran and trust be
the lookout as he if we see him run out
so we're moving the cars because it's
been kind of hard we're trying to save
this little chipmunk he's we think he's
behind that purple board right there
tell me if he's back there is he there
what where'd you go it only tells me
that we need to clean this garage no
that's what this teaches me well I'd
like to stay and watch the fun but I
have to go get Haley I don't think
she'll understand that I was late
because of a chipmunk where you see him
nope see I did this yesterday I left the
Raj open all day and I said oh you
probably had to run out he didn't I just
saw him we've seen him twice now see
when I was taking the trash out and then
when we found him behind that purple
button come over here yeah
get over here
he now is like the garages are gonna
have to see you oh okay it's a little
bit annoying but if you want to mute it
okay she stopped working and I'm yelling
she's been barking okay so she is loud
hot watch GG's new trick come here Piper
come here oh that's the kind of it what
all right go to Daddy
oh come on Gigi you can do it come here
bark if you wouldn't burn oh you a every
long good job G Dave did you stop
barking though that's so much fun isn't
it
Haley's taking a turn yeah oh my gosh if
we could just get her to not bark
however you want to do it so much fun oh
my brain
she want you to throw it to her you guys
want to see what Lindy is doing a little
bit of this excel still she got Gigi's
and I don't know how she got so dirty
did someone step on your head so Haley
got booed yesterday I don't know if
you're tuned into that and so she's got
a boo sure more people so this is what
she got for her people little fake
pumpkin one stick pencils eraser bat
eraser out of coloring book 20 pop what
up lemon yeah
glow rings here's where's the other ears
here there and there somewhere for some
black ears some an eek time oh look guys
I'm cooking what's a bad question to us
that is a horrible question to ask guys
I'm making some mashed potatoes and some
what's the chicken was it maybe it's
marinated in teriyaki sauce
hang in daddy's cooking so this is where
Haley stands on spelling for the week
it's hard to do a spelling test when you
don't know the word so this is what she
does on her pretest without ever seeing
the words and I don't want to jinx her
but every week she has gotten a 100 so
she starts the week out not special no
way I don't know softly I think she
starts the week off not knowing so this
is last week's knowing the word and bam
yes I'm digging in the trash to show you
and BAM she's gotten 100 every week
word is he soft see right yep soft see
this week so she's got words like mill
and tell where did never yeah
yes it is like dance-punk not tasks yes
I hard seats not thank you good hmm
you did get Haley's rocking the middle
part today cuz that's how her braid was
oh pipe I wonder what he's doing roll
the clip to Annie let's check in on her
helping out even filming she better be
you're all beer mmm so we have made one
musically so far it took us like 30
minutes like we're not even kidding we
gave up our first one that gumbo because
you try to eat it
no that's not gumball why would you eat
it good it's a gumball it's not a
gumball Daleks don't worry we're just
kind of hanging out doing some stuff
music please right now bones charging
because it's almost dead that's how long
it took us to do that one musically but
it's really good you guys should go
check it out
oh she was filming now what so popcorn
could only mean one thing
Lydia yeah what we decide on there was
four options oh I was gonna show tell
them what our options where I like the
bees have you ever seen it I don't think
you've ever seen it they rereleased but
I'm kind of excited are you acting it
out oh so it was this that's gonna be my
flurries it was the option for Beauty
the Beast
Ninja Turtles Ice Age or Kung Fu Panda 3
I guess Hayley said Alumnus popping from
popcorn watching a movie doing the
question of the day we got this out of a
somebody gave us question of the day box
a new Oh flip-flops
sneakers or boots boot sniffing give
high-spec ad hmm all about the boobs I
will say anything but sneakers
why do you know like I don't like
seekers how often do you see me in
sneakers I'm in flip-flops in the summer
and boots in the winter hardly ever in
sneakers only when I work out which is
you know every day the kinder sneakers
oh yeah cuz he keeps cutting his toe
klutz
klutzy klutzy oh my gosh how did it
chase him that chipmunk he did yeah he
didn't do it
hey popcorn I was trying to evict him
think he's not paying his rent
he's kicking him out oh hey speaking of
rent these three mutts are living
rent-free well you didn't kick them out
yeah
which job would you get rid of it Hayley
neither neither so get rid of one cuz
neither means out of two
all right you guys we're gonna throw
this video to Annie at her sleepover I'm
gonna send her this and hopefully she
gets it so that she can say good night
to you guys too if she doesn't good
night see you tomorrow toodles
so the question of the day is boots
sneakers or flip-flops really was
flip-flops sneakers or boots but doesn't
really matter I like I say sneakers or
boots flip-flop football there's a mole
I put it well I do but your problem so
don't get too comfortable Osuna know the
question the day is pop pop sneakers
your beer bath mouth always remember to
celebrate life ah
potato baked potato baked thanks for
watching
Vitaly
