hi for me I would say good morning
everybody but it's afternoon and
Hayley's home you can hang that up in
here
I made her clean out the car how was
your day
ray what what I do every day that's my
trick the trick oh yeah she does do that
but usually daddy's here to see it
speaking of daddy he's calling me so let
me take that phone call hmm
finally all right we're going to show
you Hailey's after-school snack it is
very hot we're having a little easy Mac
and we're having a little yogurt and
granola yeah yogurt in a cup with
granola sprinkled on the top what else
you want milk or apple juice or what no
nope
true Moo chocolate or regular milk the
choices the hard choices in life so on
days like these Hayley had to come home
and she has like 45 minutes before we
have to leave for Jim so it's a get your
belly full for a 3-hour practice and get
out the door we don't even do homework
on these nights because when we get home
from Jim it's bath time and bedtime so
we do homework on days we don't have Jim
here's the milk excellent Hayley so this
is our new favorite in this house it's
strawberry yogurt and we sprinkle the
granola on so good Annie will eat it now
Shanor Hill right Oh NOLA and you will
eat yogurt now you used to not eat your
lips when he is hanging out in the
pantry
is there something down there that I can
help you with ma'am
little Pat what is it I can't reach it
whatever it is because I don't even see
how to get my hand in there so I'm sorry
that I can't be any help to you all
right I'm gonna close this so thank you
this is where the dogs hang out what
people are eating in case the little one
dropped something
so we found out that there's a mock meat
this week and I had to explain to Hayley
what a mock meat is what's a mock meat
for those who don't may not know love me
as where you're literally in the same
gym yeah not in the meat yeah you're
doing the same thing that you would be
doing in a meat yep like hair meat hair
I don't know what leotard you're
supposed to wear yet your new
competition Leo's not in maybe last
year's so she's got to pretend it to
meet how are you feeling about that it's
sometime this week we think it's
Wednesday I'm nervous you've got all
your skills though right and you know
your whole flora team do you know your
whole beam routine mm-hmm
not not all of it yeah that's a good
idea and yeah that's her mount mmm let's
see where you get stuck wait hi
if you're not sure about something tell
me I'm not going to be able to help you
but we can look online later only do it
if you're absolutely certain and the
arms are right you sure about all that
okay leave pin sock so be careful okay
think this is where I saw you having
trouble right after this that's not a
full turn just a little half Durden good
that's like a pretty good turn well so
you know most of it yeah I know just my
own the other side what's that bad
so hopefully you do beam today so you
can make certain that you're you've got
all those hand motions right t-minus
check the watch 13 minutes
okay mommy I need to watch some TV okay
she's got to squeeze her TV time in yes
it is snowing in Katie's house that is
what is happening except I always hang
on this side see this light this light
produces heat and this light produces
snow and that light produces pumpkins if
anyone was on their way to my house
there's no snow light pumpkin so we're
making edge right now we're gonna put
these straps here and here cuz we're
smart
appeases and then we're gonna have this
cut it put in an egg shape cuz for
clever kids our cover that's right
that's why and then we're gonna take
yellow fabric cut it in a circle one of
my circles not perfect I'm not perfect
okay I have a what's it called a circle
Perfector yeah like that
and we're gonna spray some compass
praying spray then we're gonna spray
some spring stuffy on and head around
the eggs I can't talk and it's gonna
make it stiffer that even a word
stiffer I don't know well it says fabric
stiffener that's stiffener well stiffen
if you did get stiffener because who
doesn't want more stiffener eggs first
cut oh the first cut is oh wow this is
not working so what happened at gym
today
hey Jeremy got booed there I was like I
was like hmm come on okay this is gonna
be mine it was mine whoa right what'd
you get okay a bad toe how is the toe
you want that good huh to me
oh I like the magnet hey hey what's that
pencil this is a magnet oh cool fuzzy
drink max that'll be super fun to look
at
look at it oh honey this underwear what
is that Oh like a washcloth or something
oh yeah some kind of like washcloth not
a paper towel that is cool I like why
they give you a paper towel that won't
last very long don't spray that in here
oh is that a spider sighs okay nerd room
I'm gonna leave this on the table Oh
open it out all right what else
no she doesn't like any henna candy
yujeong so you can have all of them
maybe I could trade you something I've
got some Tomatoes
and I'm happy to trade you for your
peepee mMmmm okay broccoli no mmm mom
frost baby mom you like the cat my
guilty or trade it for money goodbye
weeks
Oh Anna Anna lollies and a cool look at
this Anna done just bill right this is
like a cool and look up I know I like
this I know you hang out on your friend
you feel it you guys this is what
happened while I was gone
what's the update you shown this part
okay let's go home
it is finished does this need to stay
here in dry or do we need to take our
places help yeah oh you're gonna notice
how she does not know how to be a
teacher hat is out if you want to do a
part two part two if if we have time I'm
up for that a sheet up then it's gonna
be on my head you need to finish it
because it'll be on my shoulders it's
really a cute idea did you tell
everybody what it is Annie huh she
didn't pick it up we're gonna be deviled
eggs it's gonna be really cute with it
gonna be a surprise I was wondering if
you guys are gonna make a surprise let's
go on then
you know yeah yeah yeah there's mom what
are you just so dead the egg yes mom
let's do that dance for little things er
yeah I'd be better little ho oh my
goodness you are very pretty of a
skeleton okay bye oh cool we have
another one we got to the Builder that
where is it gonna be like wow oh my gosh
that's so cool
ah Mike can I put my hand in it
no I like it it's taller than I pictured
so we got another one I no doubt here to
set it so cuz we wanted a long one no
you can't blow it out and so you're like
oh it's more square we wanted more
rectangular downside
yeah we just got to two squares make a
rectangle look at that beautiful
masterpiece I know it looks good up
there
where's your masterpiece they did crafts
the other day it's not a masterpiece and
here's coolican I'm gonna go make a
Christmas list
oh wait a second Hayley already made her
you guys are killing me my pencils not
no not for Christmas lists why Mosby our
Halloween hoes yeah we have Thanksgiving
colors which are similar then we can get
that Christmas birthday oh okay you my
friends um that leads me to merely the
question celebrating Thanksgiving Wow we
need you hey question of the day that
leads us to it I don't know what it is
yet but we're we're led to the question
of the day of what's going to be the
number one thing on your Christmases ah
wait a second I didn't want to scope out
follow me I'm not dinner going oh cool
I know on it's gonna be I'm cooking you
guys American Girl dolls piano kits
piano
hmm okay kids piano number one on
Haley's list I you had a name something
right now what would it be I hadn't a
new necklace I knew him
I'm totally kidding we can't find her
necklace right now
what is it looks a lot so that could be
something you're kidding for Christmas
wait I can get another winner it was in
a video I saw it she was wearing a ball
ready looked because of somebody like
posted a picture of it I'm like that's
the last I remember she was wearing that
beige sweatshirt when mum was here and
you had the necklace on in the picture
and where do we go well let we'll do
some investigating so we're gonna try to
just let you it which one the one that
ties in the front you'd what it was the
first time you'd worn it the mystery of
the night if it's my dirty clothes what
if I'd be you often it fell off all
right Zoey upstairs let's go okay cause
you found the shirt I think go ask mommy
if that's the shirt okay my friends we
did not find the necklace we're gonna
keep racking our brains to figure out
where it could possibly be so on to the
question of the day again what's your
number one thing on the Christmas list
and he said necklace Haley said who's
paid whose piano kits I can't ever
remember kids piano so you know don't
forget to calm it down below because we
want today
no one can understand you what if it's a
very tough erst time that someone's ever
watched this I mean I'm gonna teach in
this so it's don't forget to comment
down below cuz we want to know the
question is love number one item on
under Christmas left hmm see you
tomorrow again we will miss you until
then bye they're like two seconds for
you together for 24 hours yeah they can
watch our old ones that's true good
point but a new one I guess I could be
two seconds if they're watching right
before the new one comes out always
remember to celebrate life ah
database database
thanks for watching
Vitaliy
