good morning San Antonio an ER it woke
up in San Antonio
you're still in Texas she's a girl of
many words this morning
okay we're going in we're gonna find a
shower and then maybe she'll be more
talking about for that on our way to
hunt down a shower that's awesome we are
everyone smells good it smells like food
let's go find a shower this is where we
are today on this Thursday is it
Thursday oh no no no no no I am NOT I am
NOT writing on that Oh typical that's it
probably does it's probably like half a
person
yeah don't get on it oh my gosh well
we're up and functioning better we're
gonna go find the flower here and I
don't know where it is
they making you nervous that's probably
what I need for my headache it's
probably that actually I've been
drinking a lot of this this mornings I
have a headache so what are you doing a
little weird uh okay that's the last
video and you need to start school and
did you do yesterday that's fine now
you're gonna do like for school today I
had to die I said it should go to school
now she is showered but guess what there
was no sink in that bathroom so we
couldn't brush our teeth so that's where
we're going back to the bus to brush our
teeth walking the streets of San Antonio
trying to find
food with these crazy Oh can't wound him
he has a show tonight what happened he
said you can't wound he can't wound you
you have a show tonight that's right
dude we're having it we're doing do what
tonight oh yeah I would pay to see that
too
it's the make any laugh challenge while
she does her makeup okay see if you
could try not to smile okay this is a
nice setup trying to get ready today
no mirror no mirror in the bathroom no
sink in the bathroom either and you
literally have like five minutes left
and this is how she ignores mr. Jimmy -
huge she plays the game try not to punch
mr. Jimmy everyday behind the sounds of
Annie's boho guys that make up - she's
getting ready to come onstage
subir yes please leave that money is
hanging around
kidding all right you guys
the shows about to start in like 10
minutes
she's doing it output of a day hey Zack
in the house she's gonna kill the guys
you're gonna peek real quick right now
no cut for the camera out there it's not
I'll get your counter okay don't drop it
oh sure
good like cuz they couldn't tell it was
you holding it would have been a lot
louder if they'd known it was you okay
one two three four five six
Oh what happens if I tickle Hayden if he
is he ticklish is he ticklish he's not
are you you're not ticklish I know when
she's on my back okay yeah we're we're
backstage backstage okay this is cool
back here I like where it's like secret
society going on so last day without
mommy here I would grocery shopping
let's do all let's do ho ho I just got a
little stuff all right so we've been
cleaning this apartment for two days
I'll show you some progress
lots of stuff today lots of clothes the
sword yeah lots of stuff usually got
lots more they got all that all that and
this up here ready again all right so
let's get cleaning I know I know the
facts got one more song
and we're back here waiting and is about
to go on
just don't know yet
got a an official push-up competition
and here the crowd behind us Jacob is
performing right now and they're having
a push-up contest wait what kind of
push-ups are you guys doing out of shape
I don't know like six months ago and he
might have had you where oh where you
like pushed leg
oh you're shaking oh that is fingers
crossed
you did I wasn't counting
be quit
we'll stop when I get the camera
thank y'all so much thank you
oh and let's go so I don't want anything
I don't want to get hurt teddy bear that
just happened they're fighting over the
teddy bear right now yes yes Mike hold
it up kick what the cupcakes the club's
got to be on okay that is a precious
cupcake it was precious
okay so we got a ride to go get dinner
yeah don't you want me to hold like your
hair to hold everything now we're taking
this to a restaurant with us because why
not
we're going to a restaurant that's mean
to you let's go with this whizzers it's
on purpose though
I love this there's a bear and kids
getting bibs on and a big piece of
chocolate it's solid no it's not go down
a little further is gonna be Hollow so
dinner and they were funny well he was
funny he was also not very nice but
that's a job Oh
but San Antonio you've been awesome
Annie and I are getting ready to leave
for the hotel
wrong country but good try because we're
flying to LA tomorrow morning okay we
just arrived at our hotel and we're
about to do our room tour okay ready go
that's a sweet it's an embassy suite so
they're all like sweet like sweet like I
don't know I have
and now I like the sweet we're gonna
snuggle Annie we're gonna snuggle pay
attention to me we're gonna snuggle a
little bit of a mere selfie going on
there here might actually take one real
fast let's do that do you see this sad
face do you see it you will know why
because she wants to go to that bed and
not do what I need her to do we've got
to get these bags a little lighter cuz
they're really heavy because it's what
we had on the bus and these were under
the bus so we've got to put this stuff
back in these suitcases but she's tired
knowing she had a second sang three
songs today or something on a stage and
did a meet-and-greet geez I sat there
and did nothing I'm exhausted so I'm
gonna let her hang out there for a few
more minutes we're gonna figure out what
she's wearing on the plane we're gonna
be in LA at 9:30 in the morning and she
has a two o'clock appointment stay tuned
to find out what she's doing tomorrow
Annie do you know what you're doing
tomorrow do you know what you're doing
tomorrow we get in at 9:30 and then you
have a two o'clock appointment I got the
tune in tomorrow and watch out watch and
see what we're doing all right question
of the day time what do you think Annie
is doing tomorrow
one of these days I'm gonna roll my eyes
so hard I'll go blind that's you all
right so comment down below what you
think Annie is doing tomorrow and we
will see it in the bright and early
morning we have an 8:30 a.m. flight so
we're leaving here a little before 6:00
the airport is literally right outside
this hotel there's our view it's closed
all right so thanks for watching today
San Antonio and Texas you were amazing I
don't know how he's gonna do you got him
all but Luna - but she didn't do all the
stops like you she didn't have us for a
link I think their last stops like the
28th yeah they're like a little more
than halfway nice data last it was like
- I was like you slept really late I
know I had a headache I did too
anywho um Utah Salt Lake City Utah is
next if you don't have your tickets it's
your last chance to see Annie on Jacobs
tour rock your hairs got a few stops so
check those links down below if you want
to see Annie on any of these stops and
get your tickets because we want to see
your faces okay very aggressive good
night
and we will see you yeah that is not a
camera voice that was aggressive camera
voice it's a different any thinks I have
a different voice and I don't think I do
I mean I think it's slightly different
but it's not like dramatically drop
different not like I get off the camera
and be like hey go look she's saying yes
it's not that dramatic mija
you've done that I have done that before
I'll be like okay now let's really go to
bed cuz I'm tired okay
brush your teeth and no they're not
sound like that we need to get what you
don't feed the dog
oh you've never fed the dogs living room
pick up the pillow that happens a lot
like feed the dog because they feed the
fish
sometimes that's when we know we need to
go to bed alright guys see ya - tomorrow
Wow I thought we agreed today but you
know how like we have our professional
camera people not actually professionals
but there's ones taking the picture yeah
but every time someone would come up
she's like your shoes untied it every
time I would look to see if there she
was undone and then one time she told me
my sock is in time I looked down and it
took me a good five minutes to realize
that she had said I'll talk and then I
was like story time with Annie we have
to go down to get a snack we're really
doing that yes mommy
we're doing that man you're gonna fall
asleep before guarantee you all right
good night guys see ya tomorrow or not
going down and get a snack it's not
gonna happen
we're just gonna go to bed after we do
this okay bye-bye eyes to celebrate
thanks for watching Brit Haley
