let me see your masterpiece oh we almost
ready for me to to mix colors are you
excited about today yeah what are you
doing today who's been writing are you
gonna ride lucky that who you usually
ride okay so you only been out there
under than once and your parents must
not love you
so she's painting the other side we left
the first side dry last night
and she's paying the Oh said I'm gonna
take some flip the whole thing around
mm-hmm pull up and then paint from that
line and pull back to yourself then
you'll you'll do a little you'll learn
it a little bit it's kind of like
drawing she's not a baby
yeah help
I know come on let's go see Burt she
doesn't need to be hurt chosen to be
worse look at this cute little play all
right you ready yep it's done by the
water but wait before we go go in that
freezer right there
and I think it's in the top one unless
mommy moved at top right yep I bring it
with us yeah we knew about the crab trap
Piper opens the door better than you do
this sparkling I don't know the camera
can see how sparkling it is why don't
you use the rocks huh that's why yeah
but we got here at the same time because
you had to walk slow
Aaron is what
the rock star trophy yeah that's because
Caleb never wore shoes so his feet were
tough all right first things first let's
bait the chop very good all right hold
this and I'll push it down so my hands
already dirty push it down like that you
put this over like this house I doesn't
fall out all right so now it's latched
now you want to take this and so that
the crabs can't get to it
wanna watch this so they can't go like
that
uh-huh and right okay like that and then
you want to make sure the part we just
launched on the bottom stays down okay
that Cole how'd you make it looking so
after I've after I put the UM the stain
on it I came back with a old ratty towel
and I rubbed it and rub some of the
stain back on we're kind of obsessing
over juju on that beat videos why it's
done and dry but oh yeah I hear it dry
yeah or she touches it okay now if you
want to get really technical and you
need to paint the top well I said that
at first but then when I was looking at
it it kind of looks cool like that like
it adds a laziness element
stop it Piper you're in the way Piper
you're always bugging us Piper no we're
just kidding Piper that's cool they can
do all kind of
it's lunchtime we're having some love
Magne you're supposed to be dancing
Winnie want some food okay you guys want
look on your right not ZD I'm lasagna
coming up for game not leftovers are the
best thing in the world exactly at once
one time you guys well number three if
you would like to get up and fix your
own food or what was Anja mom beat you
all
seriously you guys are welcome there you
go all the food groups right there guys
right that's Hayley's like go twos
that's her staples and life cereal and
popcorn babies all Hayley okay Oh eats
she's gonna go it dude don't laugh like
ten minutes and then I'm gonna go help
us like data to speed up the floor and
then you guys are gonna go and see it
whoo well that's cool-looking well how
do you do that that's for everyone I'm
losing light
Jiji you woke us all up like 3:00 in the
morning doing that barking OH
oh my goodness
yappy dog are so cool they're gonna go
horseback riding I don't know what I'm
gonna do huh I'm not gonna go I don't
think we all need to go to the farm she
wants stuff like with that ball too
though jump and miss the cow keep her on
the house jumped and then accidentally
jumped off the couch well I think she's
awake
she's totally relaxed right now Winnie
are you kidding
and you guys I don't know if you guys
hear that let's be real world why for
one second apparently there's a
woodpecker outside our house snap time
around here they're about to leave to go
horseback riding but Winnie decided she
was gonna take a nap that feels so good
winning this year's I'm gonna go find
this Becker where is he he's he flew
away when you have another by which one
do I know what stairs like when you go
up these stairs mm-hmm
did you see him I don't hear him now
he's stopped he's scared of me scared to
put back our way through three she guess
not
winning nothing good picture Ronnie
can't what hurry many every step every
time a need stops padding or Z changes
positions come look at your dog dogs up
stop petting oh oh oh there she goes
no pattern why everybody likes hey we
are going to badness house for
cooperating so we're almost there just a
little up with a look at that video boys
horses
really no really the only way I know how
about how this is meant to tell that
tree says it is right here yeah that's
the house
sure yes it does it know he positive
here yep you sure you're positive yes
okay so here we go daddy to film it and
then you should make it into a montage
because get always time for snow Sofia
she meant hands I'm no biter
you getting your exercise Amanda
when you're down is what you wanted to
do in your day after that
how'd you do
my good to all your horses have special
little know hey guess Oh is that popcorn
imagine that is popcorn in my shoe so we
just sat down for a while so I'm like
stretching we sat down because we were
watching the movie we wanted to see the
storks it's really good um I thought
there's a scary character character in
it but it really wasn't a scary
character I want to spoil stuffs I'm not
going to I talked about it but I love
sitting on a baby okay thank you it
comes look at the moon come look at the
moon yeah it looks really cool tonight
apparently we're doing another toe
update it looks bruised here you got
long toes it looks much better okay can
we go bye now goodbye bye time to brush
your teeth and go to bed and Piper's
trying to get outside again mockery
braided our hair so what's goose you
today I don't know I'm gonna go get one
yes would you rather have a pool or hot
well we really have a hot tub well deep
what if you live on water
um I say hot tub I say pool because
after you're done jumping in the river
you can just go in yeah
can be hot not objective
you don't forget to calm down below cuz
we wanna know the question of the day is
would you rather have a pool or hot tub
ie see in the mom always remember to
celebrate life ah babe oh babe thanks
for watching
Brit Ailee
