time for me blurry mornin's
namaste what's that mean
namaste I don't know I only know when
it's on a shirt that says namaste in the
bed it means I know this namaste like
peace and yeah I thought we got it's
like a meditation word yeah that's what
we're going with what's the real
definition Annie tell us enlighten us
because we want to know she's not even
looking at us she's like playing on her
phone over here what is it
nan na ma STV there it is maybe I
respect overeating said when giving oh
it's a greeting is going to not eat my
mom didn't know you were speaking to
mommy
the hi nan who didn't hear it alright
grandparents are fun tell her goodbye
she's probably gonna cry ah I'm gonna
miss you that's what I can a week you're
gonna go coma
you come on down I mean all good things
are born in Oklahoma that's why you're
not god Annie mom was important Oklahoma
though boy California yeah lived there
for six long she's a surfer baby good
gnarly
I understood he knows and Melissa
trapped welcome to the hall and I'm
wearing a jacket
welcome to the fall hateful I love the
fall stop it
my nose is so stuffy huh how you feeling
today ready for this vault clinic no
your day off exactly not happy about
that huh ah my head hurts and my feet
hurt I'm sorry
it looks can you say something positive
that's going on I heard lots of negative
joy there but something positive
tomorrow Sunday hey Leonard yeah not
quite
oh my stand out of all plumbing too
so yeah so we're going to go pick her up
we're going to go
not enough time to go all the way home
exactly exactly cause you she gets done
at noon and you start at 1:00
you're a vault vault and bolts yeah
thanks Molly Hank
it's gonna be good this is not be in
clinic the bars see there you go
found some positive our traffic got like
the worst traffic of ever ever of ever
and we're gonna be late to get Haley so
I'm really not happy about that
yeah like really late
sorry having to drive a little bit
defensively look at this so you can't
really see it but it's all the way up
oh it just huh oh whoa whoa
yeah it's bad driving all the way up to
the gym I've gotten nowhere like I don't
know what Haley's gonna do you think
she's gonna get scared that we're late
like we're not gonna we're supposed to
be there three minutes ago this is the
worst traffic oh and all these people
are going to get it I'll let these
people in because they are innocent yes
they're not trying to cut they're just
now getting on little people don't come
please traffic I have such a stuffy nose
so he texted Miss Kim and coach married
a lot Haley no or late but we haven't
heard from them but I did text it like
five let's go so we're good we finally
got out of traffic and then we got back
in traffic I think it's the Renaissance
Festival though we already say that and
then we said it with you me and you I
don't know we said to them I'm pretty
sure it's people go into the Renaissance
Festival I'm not positive
we are back in like stop traffic and we
are like like two minutes two minutes
from the gym without khattak right with
traffic it could be like 10 or 25
minutes late hey mom your daddy did last
time cause he went he caught in front of
everybody he said he said I fell about
15 car lengths and like that's still a
lot what if this window wasn't open and
was open and I put the camera here it
fell so remember that time we were
talking about how we're gonna go to
lunch after we got Haley yeah that's not
gonna happen but then I started grad to
eat something at the gym like go fishing
nope yeah they have some heat up meal my
thing we are stopped stopped like hey
guys
we're not moving so I can vlog hey Annie
I thought we get to move it we get to
move of Carling two car lengths I want
to punch somebody I hate traffic
I'm down on the war line meaning yeah so
you're getting punished that's what that
means get outside and go punch tree I
probably could would you really
no I'm saying cuz traffic's not moving I
would have time to go punch that free
right there
but she's like please don't we're
creeping along I feel bad for turtles
and snail I've never been this late to
pick one of my kids up I feel like
behavior he have it really her patch is
it 12:30 we're usually so you're about
to be late no I'm late today it in the
vit noon that is late
I hate I'm disappointed in myself I'm a
predictiveness you know other person I
don't read the future I can on the
bright side were really early for mine
hey I like when you can find the bride
all those moments of this last hour that
I wanted to pull my hair out I just
needed a bright side that you can flip
the tree
I can see the Tim sign now I can see
where we need to turn in oh so beautiful
this is where daddy cut he went just say
that so how's my shoulder my shoulder
pops to my right one my left one am i
right one huh even come closer to me
little area like mommy you could pretty
much just at the gym I wouldn't even
think of that what if traffic's still
bad maybes gonna be going the other way
people are gonna be leaving their phones
but no you just here to stay the Lord I
like this jacket
oh wait funny story about that jacket
this was mommy's jacket and look at ever
money it was like I ordered it online
and I ordered an adult medium or what I
thought was gonna be an adult kitchen
and it got here and it was a child
medium yeah so lucky Annie gets my
beautiful jacket we have to suffer in
traffic you guys have the suffer with us
yeah true fans will still be watching
this video that's so close come back
preteen Texas right here oh my gosh we
need a what
so is the head to sunset at 10:15 a.m.
for the clinic should be where up new
practice Lea's yes can we wear shorts
idk wait where's mister where I practice
Leo's yes oh no a lot of extra shorts no
um because I have a grow and I already
left my house without my practice leo
what time is looking like 1 to 4 um miss
Kim said that we could very short has
anyone wait has anyone not left it me
who's me Ellie
oh how far do you live I left over an
hour ago at an hour ago same and I of
Rosie says and I was gonna get there a
half an hour early to get extra time to
work on Ceres who is this see if I know
yep they were late too I bet Oh Haley's
teammates one of his teammates was dried
off I could go where if I was right up
there
it's literally signalling this exciting
Go Go it's clear I'm going I can't see
at all only an hour ten minutes see 11
minutes for 39 minutes late Haley I hope
she's in a good mood
hi sorry it was so late thank you I
heard you got cupcakes same so she
doesn't care we were late yeah my jacket
would have looked good on me Thanks
she tried to eat a favorite now I'm not
surprised back in the car with this one
this little girl know you're wearing it
okay she didn't even notice we were not
here on time she was partying it up with
some friends party time
yes it's cold in the shade all right
we're gonna go feed your mother she ate
and had cupcakes at a birthday party
little party and I haven't eaten all day
oh yeah you got a happy birthday
well so you ready I'm afraid if we go
home we're gonna hit traffic again what
do we do should we just hang out around
here
or should we trying to go home teach me
your ways wise one okay let's go see how
bad traffic is out there yes yes okay
Oh where's that son cuz it is cold in
the shade who did it
oh they brought the stuffed animal out I
haven't been out here in weeks days
weeks and days and minutes moments and
seconds and you know in hours 45 he's
gonna go get it however no oh man
alright so daddy did some crafts this
morning it is cold let's get in this Sun
almost have a shade he painted a box oh
my goodness
I kind of just want to go inside where
did that come from it was cold it was
it's not anymore okay let's see what he
did this was like a unfinished like wait
Bob what are you gonna do with it just
put something up put a put fish in it
good good that looks good
congratulations you're crafty oh that
Sun feels so good
oh I'm not a fish yeah see where the
water's rippling right oh okay that was
out
I wonder who gonna do some doodoo on
that beat cover they undo it we can do
Jew anywhere should you do places yeah
god Roger to do bad a boat did you buy
the boat
it would be much more peaceful to love
it okay
here is he doing that yeah teach it to
my silly girls a date news he might have
got a smaller where is it
daddy is teasing the dog with that bear
yeah ready Piper go get them ready
they don't care you should put the music
in cause a fun adventure outside cut
some fresh air oh now we're gonna go
shake hand with Winnie cuz that's what
she does
see Winnie yeah oh hey G hey sit hey not
great hi yeah I started that trick okay
okay
ya know one thing isn't into you almost
got run over by too much what is that
Piper did you steal a bunny filled my
room oh it lost an eye mmm they're bad
so I have to close our doors all right
you guys thanks for the help I just went
and picked a nyet in the gym and I
forgot the camera and we have some news
I tell everybody tell everybody how your
vault clinic went um well I kind of
slipped on a carpet letter and kinda
went right into a spring
and kinda my toe is kind of purple and
red because of my Tonio
so um how much vault clinic did you get
in mmm I just kind of the gels so you
kind of did at the beginning of practice
so I walked Mary walked out after
practice and was like so I don't know if
you were watching but if you're
wondering why and he wasn't doing
anything it's cuz she jammed her toe
like great and I didn't think much of it
until Annie showed me her jam toe let's
go up here Cameron his Elena market I'll
do both okay yes we're gonna definitely
ice it so that's throbbing when it's not
up we don't know if it's broken it's
swollen I need the light oh yeah it is
go turn the lights on for me please and
thank you please and carrot you have to
say please and carrots hmm not happen
okay we have light can you guess what
towel and baby yeah let's get them all a
few seconds set aside which toe it was
the light is really bad you know I just
which toe do you think of it Haley which
tody isn't good don't touch just point I
think it's that one which one this one
don't go like blood yeah
it's that one if it looks full one I
think it's fatter than the others it's
hard to see in this light
put the knees hop it is red and swollen
and from this angle
okay let me say it get a lit up oh yeah
you don't have my fingerprint okay my
friends
here it is that's a yeah write that as a
skin that draw it how swollen it's
throbbing right now actually
boom-boom-boom-boom
oh dear
you guys have twinsies hairdos 20 here
twinsies
20 here it is hailey carry your sister
up the stairs Mary doesn't think it's
broken but there's no certainty if she
did so Monday's practice may be a wash
they're gonna paint she's gonna get old
clothes on socks cuz your feet seeds are
gonna get cold
are you watching the painters look at
that tail yeah like it hard
you look like an artist whoo I like it
do you have a plan yeah do you have a
plan yeah sounds about right
Andy's the planner I'm just like and
Haley Jenna I go with the flow
yeah I don't that's their personalities
in a nutshell I'd I have a plan three
musketeers look at you I see a bunch of
teeth hey Bert why are you guys being so
me
oh come on back it up back it up when
are you being a good one
could you take any more of that pain on
there I can't take mmm-hmm but I need it
to be well try this edge over here you
got to paint this edge over here oh no
they're not allowed in here Piper
there's the smartest dog in the whole
world
hey guys are you team Piper team winning
or team Gigi uh everyone's team Gigi
Dean do you plan to you guys as I maybe
you want to Ricky you feel me it's a
very enthralling Saturday night it's
Saturday night our lives are very very
exciting if you lay down how's your toe
look let's look get a toe update a
question of the day and we're gonna lay
down and watch TV and rot our brains out
the rest of the night it's gonna be so
good LSU's playing so the big game to
the game of the season no they're not
good this year already here they've been
good have they ever won the Super Bowl
no they just never won zero in the
history of never University what about
green bed she's yeah but Danny that
one's village is college they don't go
to the Super Bowl because they have won
national champions oh wait what it looks
better cuz daddies are father
I could hear you whispering
Oh Annie don't encourage him they were
gonna tickle me it's not very nice is it
not very nice at all so little America's
Funniest Home Videos a little dinner
what is the question of the day gonna be
have you ever done anything okay what do
you think
let's we're voting on the question of
the day Oh have you ever broken anything
like a body like a bone or like broken
like a vase cuz well yes yes yes yes we
you broken so many things I have second
you fellas broke the line kicking the
ball why'd you break recently so okay
I'm only can we Don please man that
makes her very upset I'm not trying to
make you mad
you just called her out I'm breaking
something yeah but you ain't prob about
it I did not break anything
uh-huh you want change I think we do
need to pay the crest of the day and
he's very sensitive about that and
everybody's very confused with what
we're talking about I don't know any
broken glass and she's upset about Oh
had a good customer day until you guys
interrupted me what sometimes vertically
mixes and retailers interpret Italy goes
running weird we've had to do something
in public or in front of a bunch of
people like you guys did earlier on
lively
I was so proud of you guys that you
rather smart or dance
I don't want it embarrassing stuff so
you would dance rather than sing you
sing does that take it is that the
warm-up before the ostomy she doesn't
get it what would you rather do it oh
look here we are
it's like lady in the Tramp which one's
a
once which one of you is lady hey which
one would you rather sing or dance an e
in front of people
yeah you did both tonight I would rather
dance I can't do either that's it we're
leaving in the hole part of that glass
breaking any broken glass and crying
about it
what time I think whatever would you
rather see you dance what is right to
pick any dance or any song which would
you really I gotta get my link oh sorry
I'm trying to get the good shot mommy or
daddy did funnier look don't hurt her
Annie and Haley would it be funnier for
two for mommy to dance or daddy hey
would it be feeling more amusing and
funny for daddy the dancer me too damn I
already answered daddy
yeah buddy boy do it dad go go do it
alright you guys we need to settle down
for the night and it's hard to do when
the cameras rolling sometimes house
they're cray-cray we had a lot of
questions I'm not sure I'm not sure
which question we are doing to just I'll
answer them all yeah all of them bye
guys see you tomorrow
always remember to celebrate life ah
potato baked potato baby thanks for
watching
Britt Ailey
