hi for me
hey guys so we're picking up Katie right
now before Jim then we're gonna go to
gym together bye see you later
hi Katie oh hey grandparents gives you
but so early and then you have a nice
long sleep I love it
they got you but early that was good not
funny like I finished my school run
did you want to go to fetch it nice like
Long's I'm not sure I have like eight
ten hours of sleep good solid we are
going to dinner at ghetto her last night
here okay and do we normally come to
this ball yeah form all I know is this
one
so anyways I'm feeling kinda different
Karen feels really weird feels tiny so I
mean yeah it is I like looking at our
old old camera like our white to the
white only the water we have older ones
than that we did we used to use a foot
I'll have to show it to you okay oh
there's no more bread dang it we will
get some more
Annie you need another water yes I'm not
saying anything we won't tell them what
happened
oh that looks delicious oh you need some
of that this is like cooking with Halley
over here oh that's she doesn't care so
but you don't do it we had a chef are
you baby
and you do this you twist this I think
there you go
grind that pepper up that is a
masterpiece the breads going to be
delicious
oh you're going to stir it in here oh
yes and you're going to get drinking
your emphases you're a mess
there's not a spoon you can use a fork
though right now a little bit closer to
you now this German taste test
mmm you dip your finger in it and your
mom and you're like yeah Dani it's
Friday she's got a vault clinic tomorrow
you two you've got a ball clinic so
we're celebrating is it celebrating or
morning mum mum and miss Pat leaving
tomorrow
no it's all boys of America oh and when
she leaves we blow a big party love you
we are getting like Oh me and Annie are
giving like this cute little AG stuff um
you said that the suits placed and annie
has a sour orange right now Oh JJ what
good sleepers the hell hmm
me okay did you just say I needed to be
more crafty er um I'm as crafty as
crafty can be lookout 64 and 94 96 Craig
I don't even know that many colors 96
crayon colors does it have them all
listed on it like on the back or
something that's how a sharpener though
oh what'd you think it was you well good
thing you never stuck your finger in
there
I don't think there's a sharpener on the
markers here's the here's the crafty
type stuff down here what did we come
here to get okay so doll stuff right
let's then what then why'd you guys
bring me here oh all right let's go this
way
that's this way you have to make sure
the penguin can see forward let me see
mr. penguin soon little
have to get being she just say
do you see any all right here's a Batman
one
okay so now they're picking out colors
to paint their stuff hmm
so apparently we're crafting now you
want to go something different like a
red what what don't show me what it is
again that we're picking colors for an
tacit dress yeah and it looks like they
did one two three four five okay yeah
nice I'm saying
so five it mushed okay what if we did
red orange yellow green blue
why cuz we got all that I'll get some
paint okay let's do some painful titles
and you come over here you're right we
should get this oh so it's my fault
that's real tape it's a real team it's
measuring de duct tape dessert time and
then Andy's going to bed to winning I
mean Piper's like dessert maybe it's a
good idea to line down for the night
yeah mom let's watch a movie mom wait
all moms got to start getting ready for
bed kind of well we don't have to get to
too early I can't she's fighting with it
so the dessert menu our homemade key
lime pie muffins why not Oh made its ops
it's a picture of moment ops not cute
we're gonna frame it
yes you guys miss my joke about it being
homemade not homemade my friends why do
you need a fork it's bite size here move
that move the picture she does not want
you to get cupcake on her precious
picture Haley wants him dessert Haley um
secret is it Haley already had one it
does have a before pre-dessert Creed
meal the lemon bars are so that's what
I'm having a homemade lemon bar okay you
guys it's a fake glasses Hall sunglasses
so sad news the glasses of Annie wore on
our last trip she left on the plane we
have written the airline but I don't
know that we'll ever see them again
so we started a collection though
everybody can vote which one they like
the best
okay I can't I built with this sure
everyone everything all right so the
first votes gonna be which ones do you
like that's just my look Goethe Bay
coffee thank you
Oh in the sunglass collection these are
some YouTube brittle shades some
playlist shades just looking at them I
like this pair Hey and and Glenn and I
know honey I'm gonna what sticking with
just that one this one and I like the
Aviators that's a classic I don't shower
mom well you'll dislike it okay some of
these she hasn't seen on only pair that
she's seen on this pair okay okay
number one but yeah it's got a call offs
scooting around number two it was a that
was my favorite pair with that I hadn't
seen on yet I like I like those let me
see
I mean cute it's a new style for Haley
picked noter cute too
I haven't seen any that I don't like I
think these are too big for her face
easy girl
okay let's see yeah they're cute they
just look too big easily when you grow
into them I think they're gonna be
adorable laughter a fake do you know
which one you like the best so far
yes dude these two are the same except
they're different colors I like these
two I think I did too
those are my favorite I'll show my kid
which I would thought that they were
mine least ever which one did you think
were your favorites I how does gonna
like this one the little chain ones good
I like these two okay so everybody's
gonna vote which one do you like I lost
count one two three four five because
like literally wouldn't they're very
similar
Sanga okay come on aviators these aren't
the aviators yet those I picked a dinner
today tag still on I like the first one
so far
yeah right now I like the first one yep
I like those so far number three number
three better cute look at a cat okay
I still like aviators I like those too
I'm gonna stick with aviators what do
you like for the show which I need two
pairs of sunglasses you're gonna carry
around two pairs of sunglasses
okay definitely I think maybe a ders and
YouTube YouTube an aviators okay how
many of these should I carry around all
of them really big for you never know
what you're gonna like look at it oh
well not little all right my friends
lemon my name is Pat leave tomorrow
everyone today we're headed up to new
you also got our family reunion you
don't have feel bad for their there
inanimate object let's see okay they all
got a bit
let's try one to bow to make sure the
one that is my gosh just in case that
you need quick accessory that's a big
pocket no cuz you good nose did you have
five sunglasses and five pairs of fake
glasses they fit and then I have slime
more slime haul it oh man that could
have been a video all by itself
what's the nanny's purse that's not Mary
and Piper she what I'm not sure I'm
gonna put this and it probably left my
room
these dad pick the colors how that's
cute will you just
and you arrange where you want things to
just kind of yellow painted but if you
there you got primary color so I feel
like if you mix colors you can get the
colors you want so hopefully it's gonna
be nice out on Sunday and you guys
couldn't get the table out and go on
pour champagne like you can design it
wherever you but I'm not gonna do that
right now so this is what I said here
you spoils and the informed out is that
they're spoiled I was like okay well
last been like we should get these to
him like wow your daddy spoiled you
today did you say thank you
good girl say goodbye see ya to morrow
you talk too much
oh no they don't this is more for alive
a live edition when Annie goes live on
Lively oh okay
take a buy any always remember to
celebrate like a baked potato babe
thanks for watching
the tailee
