hey bratayley fans i guess you've heard
we were making history and we're
starting at the very beginning of our
nation that is we're off on a trip back
in time to the american revolution in
costume and undercover we're in hot
pursuit of characters like General
George Washington lady spies soldiers
presidents pirates horses and some
pretty sweet dance moves will travel the
original 13 colonies to see what we can
find and recreate some of history's most
famous moment so saddle up here in
Lincoln for sure
North Carolina is a colony just below
Virginia and back in the colonial days
Edenton was a town where women were
leading the call to revolution
and we were excited to meet the most
powerful party girl in revolutionary
America
Penelope Barker to the house of Liberty
welcome now let me welcome hello hello
my don't you all perfect Thank You Zach
this is a portrait of me I think my hair
looks very much better than a Malayan
way better
well in my time I was very famous as
famous as you but I was famous in my day
and do you know why
because when I was a political activist
Penelope's claim to fame was for
throwing a protest against British king
George called the Edenton Tea Party
we've been to a tea party before
like the men of Boston remember them
Penelope wanted to protest the king
taxing all the tea he sent to the
colonies but this time instead of
throwing it off a ship
Penelope decided to brew up some
American tea using things like licorice
then drink it in broad daylight I didn't
think it was fair that the British were
taking their money so excited time to
plate that that's how you do it oh I
invited 50 of my favorite friends and we
all signed a proclamation say that we
would not drink English tea Anela P was
one of the wealthiest women in town so
she knew how to throw a party but she
partied with a purpose these let's show
that you know what but before we must
get the page we must put on makeup so we
will look our finest the stairs they
spared no expense to look their best
while doing it
mr. G party what we're going to start
off with is a little lipstick now you
see this it doesn't look like lipstick
at all does it but you take just a
little bit oh look at that what they use
for makeup is very weird blue thing they
on your face and how does it taste
tastes like beats that's why we can't
taste like these because that's what it
is
well now this is a fearfulness is it not
you won't believe what this is it's
large large beats and very sticky Hey so
now we're going to give you a little cup
now you've got a nice little color blush
here we go there you have some color now
okay
take my Thanksgiving dinner not too bad
please we are trust me my hat saw me
awhile later let's have tea to the tea
table
I'll say breath I'm struggling though
there are so many desserts
my favorite dessert was probably the
chocolate-covered strap there's so much
food wasn't just a tea party all these
ladies were praying at a suburban oh
okay okay you were so brave yeah all 51
women stand up to King George and
explain that we also have a role in
something so important
well said my idea we are brave and
courageous women and we have fought for
our independence fifty women were
gathered in this house to send a message
to the British no taxation without
representation only ghosts laughing oh
but I just remember we are not here just
to drink tea rose we shall show the king
who is who and what is what I do
sign any sign proud girl power at its
best
and Hayley you shall sign next just sign
your name right here and show the King
knew you all you were here really a
declaration England's King George
stating that we colonial ladies were no
longer willing to have our tea taxed by
the King Hades great to see you again
thank you so much for your courage it is
an inspiration to all the colonies well
done
Thank You Dorothy Thank You Washington
George look terrible need a makeover
no sure powder yes a make on the foot
you'll watch for the great juice and I
know the true girls to do it containing
in the room you look ladylike because
ladies are awesome and he didn't look
that awesome so we had to fix it now my
dears do your dirty work
do your best yeah they're all made of
corn syrup and B or did the N side he's
loving
yeah is this vegan anyone L with that
mmm LG thing when Haley decided to put
on blush I kind of went down so we just
decided to make him happy in all blush
so he kind of looks like a clown right
now all right they pretty much gonna do
this every day
it's it's more like lip krusty than I
expected is it like hardening it started
to crack a little bit while makeup back
in colonial times was pretty disgusting
the smells in the towns were even worse
we had to make some tussie Mussie
perfume before heading outside yes
everyone's names some horses smell bad
the people smell bad well you never took
bass in my times knew you never washed
your clothes heaven to Betsy no so you
know those roses and that rosemary was
very very important and so that's why
you have a testy messy Tessy honey yes
that's absolutely right here in the
Mitchell tussie Mussie finally we were
ready to walk to the memorial of the
Edenton Tea Party
little beasties
we were walking around town while these
nice people scored at us through the
town and do we actually sell this really
neat teapot and it was on this cannon
from the Revolutionary War
headed to protest against the tax on tea
is the teapot do you not know it is not
my keeper no we didn't have anything
acidic I don't think I could even lift
that one this teapot was made shortly
after the War Between the States and it
was a memorial to symbol of women's
independence and of our saying no to the
king
hmm then it was time to take a spin
around town aboard Edenton historical
trolley welcome to Eden tenacious
we got to speak on the microphone and it
was just like she hits me so I was like
okay hello
who was the town of even had named after
ice governess Falls easy very good
question I would love to be a tour guide
because at when people like actually
like listen to what I was like saying I
feel smart but sometimes you've got to
do more than just recite facts do we do
we
Oh
this was my first time being on a
trolley ride
my god
even ten is on the North Carolina coast
and during the revolution there were a
lot of naval battles out there between
the British and the Americans in fact
divers are still looking for sunken
revolutionary warships 10,000 feet under
the sea and George said we could do the
same thing we had to go on an underwater
mission of course 10,000 is a long way
down
so we improvised a bit
we got to go swimming with like flippers
and snorkels and goggles and it was
amazing because we got to find sunken
ships we got to find treasure with coins
and then after we were done I kinda lost
some coins at the bottom when they were
gonna move I dropped in and then my dad
and George Washington decided to go in
and look for stuff and they had these
big yellow tanks on their back
we were just doing a little bit of
practice but people actually are still
going underwater diving for old old old
sunken ships from the Revolutionary War
they're still finding them today thanks
for watching for Kayla make history
