okay guys annoucement little late to the
game I am on my way to get LASIK because
I don't know if you guys have been
watching my videos but I squint a lot
because I can't see so I'm gonna go get
LASIK and let's see how this goes I'm
pretty confident that it's going to be
awesome now but in a couple hours I'm
probably going to be at least somewhat
regretting it all right guys this were
the nerve set and I'm here now so right
through those doors over there I little
nerve-racking deep breaths
I figured give this a shot and you know
Lisa will keep me from squinting all the
time and he calls it the angry look
because I'm like this that's how I look
at everything like so this should be an
interesting journey to see how well it
corrects my vision we are going to
dancing now and more late thanks to mom
you know giving haha thanks to the
traffic um thank you traffic we're not
actually thinking I know but I already
knows
cuz it's cold outside and I hate the
cold we are here you guys four minutes
late not bad I thought we were going to
be 10 minutes late are you guys any
water late and no water
hey we just showed up at dance and they
set some donuts up for Haley Jeremy and
Tanner did measure your favorite kind
aren't they how'd they know that that's
what kind of donuts you like I am an
engine are welcome Haley Oh Erie is
obsessed with baby dolls and American
Girl dolls and I don't know that you
the girl dog is that true ton yeah we
have 11 in total CT r near Torrio's and
total of course is that I attend class
or the one who's on your hair I have
told ya good job did you do read Pokemon
ink y-you did take over like magenta I
think it was I got yeah dark pink I love
it it's what is it woman
I feel like this no it's just yeah she
washed her wash my hair last night right
at the because it feel chocolate yeah
yeah yeah feels chocolate um yeah so go
stretch yeah all the colors right the
whole rainbow pudding there's green
orange orange I would have really liked
um orange yeah yellow and all the colors
absolutely Blanche
really I like orange now Oh cuz she
haven't liked you tea
oh that's why like what she's a college
university of texas sorry all you UT
fans your poem yeah are we all stretched
yeah totally can't you see how ready
they are miss Carrie this is my hand
allow for extra time to do
now no God I didn't sign that waiver yet
all right all right we're here for to
clean up some floor routines let me sing
oh me go here I'm here guys in the room
crazy that little one in the middle she
rocked it
she hasn't proved that was a major
improvement he's probably all that flare
dancing three well old uh before it's
it's level four but yeah but you guys
didn't do that routine the routines
change but it still sits level for you I
remember doing something I think it was
similar
yeah it's similar turn and let's
skedaddle your socks are here these
orange ones yes yep the fuzz the fuzz
geese their fuzz skis you guys both wore
fuzzy socks so that's it guys I'm done
who's a there's a little weird so you
lay back and they have this like little
ring it looks like a ring in your eye
and you focus on it and then you feel a
little bit of pressure and then they
move the other eye and they do the same
thing and they move back to that eye and
this time oh I'm sorry I forgot the part
where after you feel a pressure you go
come everything goes completely dark you
can't see anything and then they go to
the other eye they do the same thing
same thing you keep your good daughter
you can't see anything now you go back
to the other eye and once again there's
a ring with a little blinking green
light and you have to focus on the light
and she pulls the flap of of your eye
that they had cut in that first part of
the procedure back and the laser does
what it needs to do in your eye so the
green light gets really weird and
unfocused and then she puts the flop
back down and then you come out so right
now everything's like a hazy white so
Katie's coming to pick me out just like
it's almost like fog imagine that you're
looking in fog everything seems just
really foggy so
well so that the recovery feels like a
net to hurt there was no pain to it at
all so we can go over the some of the
cool stuff over eight so these are
shields you put over your eye I have to
tape them over my eye
anytime I'm sleeping and have to put
drops in my eyes every hour um so that I
guess these will be long like days
having to put a drop in every hour so
there's that and I guess the recovery
from what I understand about a week Hey
how does it feel how does it feel
does it hurt you look cool sunglasses so
is your eye weird it doesn't look bad
let's see No did it hurt which one is it
it isn't that one is both of them is can
you like watery oh not you they're just
red why your sunglasses I said I wanted
to take in too much light right now
- big night only guys did they hurt I'm
not really it was a little pressure hmm
how do you like let them do surgery
without seeing it that's really fingers
blood and wine i sweet is it cool
do you like your wine are you awake
no I don't feel like I'm lying now Gary
they put this thing on your eye that
opens your eye and it holds it open
yeah and this thing I usually can't
blink yeah this thing gets really close
to your eye and then it starts to like
oh it's not like it looks like it's like
flashing do you have that and then and
then all of a sudden everything goes why
all right LASIK surgery completely no
wait when you go to sleep don't don't
hug you are yeah but you don't see
anything chances you were asleep though
my worthless after him yeah then they
give the actual part that like makes you
see better and that's you see a little
green light it's like see you don't see
pop not anymore not at that point is
that your buddy God his eyes are fixed
eyes I didn't even know we're bad cuz he
never wears glasses yeah but he squint
every time he sees a screen I know you
should wear glasses alright guys so I'm
not really so messed up in my eyes for a
little while a lot of healing stuff so
I'll check back in with you guys later
I'm doing some school right now I'm
about to go to gym in like an hour
have you even gotten breath did it again
I'm scribbling turning we let's say I'm
gonna do a a one in half but kind of
cool I'm gonna do a double see I felt
I'm doing
do a triple okay I'm look outside it
looks like it's fake but it's real you
guys Wow oh he just blew off oh man Oh
shot you
all right Annie is perfecting how she's
gonna do one of her turns and her meat
it's really graceful oh yes I dare you
twenty-one minutes now we have to have
left it before we leave for the gym and
then we're just hanging in the bedroom
but you know it's cool you guys forget
hot Cubana
he's Manning up can we beat up some
grapes too yeah you can't read shorty
he's awesome
where'd you say you really was oh my
gosh she's my buddy very often oh you
know grandma you should do that did you
I love you that Haley with a little
sassy this weekend with a Melissa
wait laughing about this oh you left oh
you know feels good
alright so now we're down to 20 minutes
before we have to leave to take these
two to Jim so Annie go get a Leo on and
we're gotta get all this cleaned up all
this school ma'am do you nice my shades
it's so bright in here
it's really not that bright it kind of
looks bright on the camera but it's not
yeah how bright it looks on camera oh it
looked really bright but nope they're
pixie that's how it looks to us now kind
of look thicker okay maybe he could
drive tomorrow now I have to do all the
carpooling tonight Haley's gonna put her
glasses on because we we mainly aunt
Melissa has notice a little turning in
hey you guys comment down if you see it
turn in cuz you guys watch her LA so we
figured she hasn't go back to the doctor
until next month
oh I like Haley with glasses so you know
right when she does I don't like her
whatever I only seriously I like you all
the time but we're gonna be a bad thing
seriously yes there's like um so she
said she goes back next month and we're
gonna tell the doctor that it is turning
in a little I don't know if I'll put her
back in oh hey puppies so maybe we'll
have her in her glasses every once in a
while what would your classmates think
of your glasses
they don't know you this year with
glasses plenty nila laughter I know it
some of your friends yeah yeah alright
it's time to get out of this house for
Jim what are you wearing help tell me
about this a scarf
finnaly Oh fashionable oh she is getting
a jacket okay that's good but it's not
really that cold but yes it is it is
time for the question of day the
question
on it entire I know is would rather our
to cast or watch TV kitty Tim okay okay
was that your answer no no no no no no I
think I know the answer for both of you
nope all right sing crash I'm gonna say
arts and crafts arts and crafts
I saw the guns baby well I'd say you
were gonna say - you know you guys like
TV but I think she'd rather do Haley
loves TV she put up sooner she wake up
in the morning do okay Carla vivillon um
I raised head not I raised lettuce watch
TV cuz it's time to bed time to bed
Hangzhou to bed
and Haley goes illega she turned the TV
on like hey I'm good to go up to her bed
it's time to go to bed
she goes I am i watch TV in like a whole
day like I am laughs like two days she's
like I didn't wash it in the morning
this is my only time it watches it every
morning before she does a school okay
but you're gonna go with arts and crafts
huh yeah hmm
and then next morning and we got our the
grass I need to paint my pottery yeah
I'm a watch I don't get it
I painted mine
go to bed I'm so tired
so don't be too common on another person
rather I think after TV time tomorrow
always remember to celebrate life ah
BAE BAE thanks for watching
Vitaly
