hi for me hey guys right now we're going
to I'm going to school and today is
dress up as a country that went to the
Olympics and I in Canada well this is
route for Canada
on Wednesday we don't have school and
then on Thursday we dress up as a
character from a book or a movie and I'm
dressing up as Little Red Riding Hood
boom hey yes so I'm going through my box
of stuff and I found this looks really
nice i'ma start we're ended every day I
think I had these on the table are you
gonna do this or you can get everything
out and then I'll rearrange yeah those
for sure go on the table
what you doing Hayley Oh what's us it's
filled with ghost goo that's what I said
in last night oh you did like a year ago
video last year I said it's filled with
ghosts do it and meaning to say it's
filled who is it hmm I'm eating today it
is filled with pumpkin because she's an
element here that could go under here
we'll rearrange everything after you get
it in place I'll put it in the right
places
hey you got bees upside down Oh yep Oh
then turn it around and then flip it use
that brain oh come here
there we go she's gonna do okay - of
yeah that should go in a bathroom we
should each put some soap in there or
should we put this in the kitchen but
then
yeah you oh I know where you got that
are you sure we only have one box of
Halloween stuff that was from mom - is
it broken
oh no don't put out fine it's breakable
we need to we need superglue to fix it
tell us from mom do that speaking of mom
what is she here mom's here oh how nice
I do
Winnie's gonna love it you guys it's
Minnie's birthday every birthday ready
you're sure did you put superglue on
that oh this one's my favorite one it's
that time of year again you guys oh
pretty sure we have more Halloween
decorations than that hey guys this is
Danielle's fresh time on the road
alright so stop here
and laughs blinker good thing on these
roads that you'll rarely see anybody
all right and then past this mailbox up
here you're gonna take a right this
might be rude yeah then the other
three-point turn I can draw I can try I
can do it all right
as tradition we're gonna scare Winnie
cuz that's what we do wait till she sees
it we're gonna break the stuff is gonna
get right
I think they know Gd
oh it's you
Piper's like I'm out of here all right
explain the situation here Katie a
birthday present so and it's your
birthday wasn't like in June in October
okay cuz there's no time like the
present
happy birthday to you oh my gosh happy
birthday dear Katie oh my gosh oh my god
thank you you want to put it back in the
back you're welcome
oh my gosh thank you so much
that's so cute dude ah piggy overload
happy birthday you're welcome doesn't it
weird knocked over that is adorable but
we did celebrate at Disneyland remember
that was fun we sang happy birthday yeah
now I just get your present now yes
exactly
we didn't miss it but now it's super fun
to happen all right my friends I just I
just took chalk in my hair oh and my mom
is about to do it so I'm gonna go put
chocolate here so before now snap write
it we put the crystal Mack Sennett just
like oh I think perfect okay I give you
a little tour turn oh oh it's so good
Amy you should be a hairdresser
thanks for me to do yours okay mommy
okay so witty
0:04 whinnies birthday I got gave her
some purple yeah purple ears
she was so lucky winning yep
sad yeah I'm do mommies now that ready
set go
well I'm not going back over there okay
we're zone Q we died are chalked er here
bye hey guys so it is time so I just
have to crush all day Haley was pushing
thing oh oh yeah okay I'll entertain you
guys somehow okay so I'm gonna do top oh
geez Oh beep so I was on top of the
stairs and I'm gonna try to make the
ball hit every
ah to work come back up to me ball
what's the question of day hey what was
the strongest thing you've ever eaten
the stranger strongest does like
stronger me see what are not all
certainly a thing that they like it's
like Nutella that they put on that badge
my vision I do you didn't even eat it as
I did I did
it's horrible guys I'm sorry for the
people that like live in Australia and
they fit they're not school not like the
worst is that range it oh the string I
say durian oh well that was disgusting
and weird it was weird um durian don't
forget to comfortable Oaks we want to
know if Christian days what is the
strangest thing you guys have ever eaten
I usually will see you guys tomorrow
stuff I don't always remember to
celebrate life ah baked potato baby
thanks for watching
Vitaliy
