time for me hey guys I am back today is
spirit no today is spirit week at my
school and I wearing pyjamas today to
school how cool is that I'm just gonna
tell you what I did um when Daddy and
Mommy and Annie we're gone hmm
and I was hanging out with a Melissa and
we watch some movies we watched like
Cinderella story a lot of people are
asking why you decided not together oh I
thought it was really far away for like
two days and I didn't want to go and
then are you glad you didn't get um
would you go next time mom if it was a
week I let go because la is like five
hours away monday mornin' got an e like
what like this you guys she was up for
about 10-15 minutes to throw her clothes
on and brush her teeth and
got in the car and has been like this
the whole Drive so she's caught like an
extra 45 minutes of sleep this morning
I'm just serving her so we're gonna see
how much of the day she can get through
and see if that those LA trips can be
done in a weekend like that that's the
first time we've gone on a weekend
leaving after gymnastics and coming home
pretty much right before good-morning
any we're at the gym I know you're gonna
growl at me and why is it blurry why
it's today it to be a bad day today's
about this yeah really
what kind of cameras blurry you will not
only blurry anymore but my head hurts
I'm tired and because I'm tired I got
picked up early from gym I did the
morning practice and well not instead
morning practice what's the word I'm
looking for
morning practice and only guys I'm too
tired
um in my head really really hurts so
we're going home and she is what we're
gonna do today I'm Nick at home I'm
gonna do school no I mean I'm I'm taking
that Mommy I'm so tired and that's
usually what I say that um I'm gonna
take a nap for about an hour we're
getting gas right now I'm taking nap for
an hour then I'm gonna do school until I
finish whatever I need to get done then
we might get my nails done but we might
not it depends on how I feel because not
my mom said that she's not gonna let me
sweeten with an hour or I'm not gonna
when I go to sleep tonight but I don't
know if that's gonna work because I'm
not gonna want to make out and so maybe
we're gonna manual done just do not be
at home and be tired all all day so then
I won't go to sleep at night I don't
know how long has it been since we've
seen Haley
Friday morning she came in and gave me a
hug and a kiss goodbye you probably saw
her Thursday night so I get to go and
pick her up from school and give her a
big fat hug well obviously nylon and let
her sleep for an hour waking me right
read the power now back to sleep after
you wake me up then wanna punch you and
that's gonna wake you up it's fine it's
good so I decided to drop our car off to
get the oil change and then I decided to
walk again like I did a few weeks ago
when I dropped the rental car off so
it's a long walk if they get my exercise
somehow well funny story guys when aunt
Melissa moved into her old house we put
a bunch of stuff in the truck to get it
out quickly so that it wasn't in her
house and look I found the ironing board
I couldn't find for the wedding the
other day I guess I don't need that
anymore
well the plan worked she is out and look
who's home from school come say hi Haley
Oh bring the ball over Oh break
everything when you do it the dolls
apples the fake apples I heard cuz
they're trying to look who was supposed
to be watching them weren't you supposed
to be helping once you game over
where did they eat him before you were
here mmm we're gonna give Annie about 15
more minutes of this peaceful sleep
before we get her up cuz she will not go
to bed tonight if we just let her sleep
all day how was school how was pajama
day hey hey she's she's stirring are we
my primate yeah Wade you ready softly
yeah we're gonna move on to soccer
that's a goal in that cereal my goal is
tiny
how about that's your goal mrs. Michael
it's weird to see you in pajamas when
you just got home from school all right
my friend Haley's got gym tonight um
what else
Oh blocked that seriously that help GD
slavering apparently it's still nap time
was that comfortable little puppy and I
love how Piper snuggles with pillows
that's typical but what were you doing
we busted you sleeping in the weirdest
position is it nap time you look so
tired baby why it's my GP you're pretty
cute when we lay you down
good day down Oh lay down
Oh lay down it'll baby want a pillow
there you go
you're so loud you guys see this pile
this is all from the truck and we
cleared out the old house and Haley's
found this and she's doing it completely
wrong not that I'm a violin teacher but
I do know that goes like that and you
want to come up play a little bit higher
this is where your fingers that's about
all the tips I can give you oh I think
it's think it's here
this is Annie's old violin do you
remember
good mornin sunshine when you do how to
do it
do you remember anything it's not coming
back
Winnie you are a prodigy my friend what
do you think about that Winnie tell us
how you really feel wake up my friend oh
come on
beautiful music and you keep on getting
it away oh she's out of here okay so
today
I've taken a nap it was an hour and a
half I've done school and now we're
going to get my nails done I'm gonna get
Bama shaped they're right they your oh
let's go there they're right there
and yeah so we're gonna go get this down
I'm gonna get some fall colors some
Maroons some oranges don't know yet can
I look at them and we're gonna get them
really short because I cannot deal with
long beautiful on me like they started
out really short but now that I like
really home exactly it's how we're gonna
get them shorter and they're gonna think
we're crazy they like what's the point
of these I got my roses got a sucker
that match my nails so now we're getting
Haley she better be done when it's like
what happened number to be done
ready wit already stay to the dogs when
you'll probably run from it
Piper will think it's the greatest thing
every every time to play school with
them would be one a date and then
remember Winnie I don't want that
language these books oh goody
did they hear it when you're not scared
of it
yeah he had a lot of Pokemon but was not
scared of it tons that wasn't his team
it was Brett Ripken that wasn't that
reading well he went many years well
still three years ago he has ten secrets
in what what that briefcase is filled
with millions of dollars yeah like your
congratulations you're rich we just
hadn't told you yet actually just
kidding
you're rich with poker chips cuz that's
poker chips no no don't open it'll go
everywhere okay yes
poker chips um poker is a game and you
bet on it and you can win money if
when Gigi wants you to read to her don't
you like no I don't know what you're
talking about let me scratch it out like
with your finger
no not scratch off cards no okay my
friends speaking of books I think I've
got a great question of the day what's
your favorite book
you've ever read frog and toad well
nothing it's so far counting by sevens
oh but feel like I'm really really gonna
like this book okay how you did you
finish I'm by sevens book oh you like it
like this
Legos one night in the great oh you did
like that one who couldn't put it down
alright my friends we're gonna keep
going through this stuff the girls have
to go to bed literally in ten minutes or
so so don't forget to comment down below
Oh cuz we want to know question of the
day is what your favorite book we will
see you guys tomorrow pretty rocks
imma to toe always remember to celebrate
life
but baked potato babe thanks for
watching
Vitaliy
