for me good morning everybody
so hey there be so mad if she knew we're
right by the elevator she always
complains about how far from the
elevator I was like we're always the
last room and today we're the first room
and she's not here I know it quick I
picked this one
you win he got mommy a muffin and then
she always said what should I get Hayley
yeah
it's a short trip
hint at all that has skin do they go in
and out
yep lady
I wish I had pocket which I thought
about your nickel I know that this
musically yeah alright it's time for you
to jump in and shower my friend please
kill yourself in the face of this watch
so what happens when you sleep till
10:15 okay so this is what happens if
you fall asleep it um you don't get to
not kill the plane sleep it's not good
sleep though you still got like three
hours no yep yep that's too movie Disney
movies they were sure uh-huh
how did you like how did you like
Pocahontas do you ever seen it before
yeah
hello usually don't blow dry Annie's
hair
we usually just yes hard to control we
usually just let it air dry but we don't
really have time for to air dry today
good things out of order usually she
does washing her hair before breakfast
and lets it go see wet we didn't wash up
till after breakfast we saw the silent
all right almost ready to get out of
here before now my hair blowdried and
and now my hairstyle let's put in front
hey I think that was at the maker party
why not take yeah our hands are full
let's go see our holding room are
holding room has borne chairs yeah I
think so
it's cute hi good this little green room
tour lovely thank you you're right next
door so pretty let me drop my stuff oh
my god
I feel like I want to make a phone call
oh right well Brenda was pretending he
was um I don't know his fancy lights he
was pretending it was the NFL Draft it's
like I'm gonna be waiting here for that
phone call yeah they're probably gonna
call well yeah it's like really nothing
else I can do oh so wardrobe just came
by and made Annie take all her pre-flood
but it's like what are all these and I'm
like oh I can take them off and they're
like okay perfect all right they're
going to change well Katie's going to
change have fun girls
oh I would love to get the Wi-Fi on your
phone right now because I'm in a
directory or tell you how to make that
so you know now you could okay I don't
always do that kind of musically and
yeah maybe so we have that dad got an
audience Katie in Madre my arm doesn't
twist anymore and I'm getting my hair
and makeup done want to get bill even in
time and Ellen Oh Billy yeah don't edit
this out Billy it's a fun language it
goes this time this doesn't make the
video
that's cheating third everyone wears
makeup I'm sorry yeah no look even those
light lights camera and acts and turn
around we see beautiful they go off to
set and Katie gets the slide in the
chair what they're going to film right
now already right now real thing that's
scary and right after this you're right
now it's coming there might be they
might still be filming you have to intro
like Annie did and say what you're doing
this can't be as scared nerve-racking is
going live right now for adventures in
babysitting the full people it was way
more people for Adventures of baby that
I amazing so Annie and Billy have filmed
their first part Katie still have to go
now we're just playing a little little
catch our circle
oh oh yeah I got put on a pot got put on
this video last minute I was vlogging in
there which is kind of exciting but it
was a last minute thing like legit like
I'm miked up and everything roll with
the flow that's what's going oh yeah
this goes well I'll go say roll with the
punches I mix them up yeah and then
Katie called me out on it yeah whoa whoa
so um video number uno we're doing like
a collab here today we've got Evan I
don't think I just saw Evan just walk by
and so video boo no that's going on our
channel is almost done
yes okay oh my I thought I was you can
be redeemed there's chance for
redemption that's fun are you guys it's
over we was living it even to me you
stink of it now all other channels are
out there pretty good yeah you had a
good coach Katy
no I've been I really needs me a piano
that means you're the all-around loser
weird the old oh there you go not all I
know it was like that oh wait let me
correct no please what why do you let
your husband dream like I know
so mr. Billy made up funny comments when
the makeup artist came in let's reenact
said what can you do with this she's
fixing up in his hair
oh can you see this she wasn't in why
Andy's not standing up for her yeah I
got me there I him mm-hmm
you guys having fun on set VidCon
zombies yeah there's nice craft services
over here pom pom - I'm gonna see
there's fruit and coffee
wow we can hear everything it's going on
right there
everything everything so be careful what
you say you're miked up um the cameras
are all on you
we just got totally quiet domain going
on just a little bit of a competition
going on trait you get the treat it's a
treat the one I'm a little downtime
right now playing spot it okay I've
never played this before so they've got
a little help from teammate I see yours
as you both of yours what hap okay I was
like I was like what do you mean by okay
baby bottle I had that one come on you
got this heat yeah hey guys in Santa
hey Anthony Gottman Oh where are we
throwing food yeah sorry I can throw
that away for you lemon so go check them
out little work at once calm probably
YouTube yeah so we are in between takes
we were waiting for lunch and playing
with our food because that's what we do
if you didn't dated that footage make it
to the vlog of love eating pancakes of
course it did
sometimes we don't know how to act with
food that's good
can you do a quiet back handspring cuz
they are filming Oh without stretching
what
pretty good made some new friends today
how about rage we're never gonna do a
challenge nice yeah
hi answer the myth Mia's dad's are
challenging you to the Joker without
looking at it
magic tricks going on I don't know what
else is going on over there started our
second she's really upset okay okay no
you have to put your elbow that's going
in and put your elbow I don't know right
all right thank you have good she's got
to put your your hand down to the table
and you have to pull it up everybody's
doing so no good I'm worried what did
you teach them so what happened is it I
push down you know so I'm pushing down
like this let me teach you guys a little
rule never listen to exactly where you
learned that yes you have our
professional crew oh my god you're all
right
I got
called a set by juiced your fruit cup
she means that Katie drank all the juice
out of the cup for you so that you could
eat it
thank God well that's what friends are
for what if she was so ready I mean I
said I should chew it
what am i no we saw you do it runs when
everybody's around and I'm like when the
camera wasn't rolling yeah you nailed it
perfectly yeah that's cute
oh they're waiting on Katie and Annie
they probably ran away okay they've all
been called a set and Katie and Annie
are you eating candy I go find them I
guess I should go fine all right we're
finding the missing talent
Annie come come out come out wherever
you are
everybody's waiting on you like
seriously everybody's waiting on them
Oh they've been spotted found um gel
they're on set now Oh Annie's fixing
Katie's hair we don't know who won yet
what'd she say we're back here behind
the scenes say that room back there's
were there there in that room we're out
here watching it all happen what it's
magical it is very magical
that's a wrap
to be aligned when she grows up
you're not Annie what is that we need
Jared a brilliant sim and he goes I
don't know there she turn it around you
said I can't find you like that Kim this
is gonna be fun come on mr. really I'm
going in for this one Oh nailed it
for everybody in and out a little chase
to California oh yeah this is the way to
finish a nice shoot American food we are
yeah okay cool when you kind of let them
work we're to think of a window where
we're going to the pool we should just
kind of like chill over here no does
that warm are you being sarcastic
sarcasm is your has your strength feels
really good
bummed I didn't bring a bathing suit
have fun
I was just informed that Annie is going
under so she's like I'll just wash my
hair tomorrow
Brennan's it and he's enforced a new
rule that I've never heard of if he
touches the bottom you can look while
he's underwater I've never heard of that
I got Mia I think they are playing the
fish-out-of-water version so that's fun
spin to win Brennan wins at all Tripp
hey Katie
piano coming through or keyboard Oh
appetizers it's been a long day we are
getting some snacks to munch on when we
go up to bed
I need a question of add a favorite
snack I like the way you think
white cheddar cheeto both but what is
your favorite snack
Oh bad snack like junk
snack oh is this a real deal
big money big money big money big money
75 points good job Brennan come on
oh what's that mean anything breakfast
deal can you take a pie and good night
good girl oh okay come be a lion in the
bed good night guys
always remember to celebrate life ah
baked potato baby
thanks for watching
Vitaliy
