good morning everybody happy happy
Wednesday
Annie remembers a blog this morning
before I did we literally actually
wrapped up last night came up to this
bed and this is still in the room and we
went to sleep literally we woke up we
got ready and now I think we're going to
breakfast so we're gonna have a nice
text as a breakfast everybody's
downstairs I hope they're not waiting on
us we said we needed about 15 minutes
and they said they did too and it's been
about 20 so we should probably make our
way downstairs probably it's been at
least 15 you're a crazy guy okay so much
I don't know I mean done superb
daughter's report on poor in our psyche
breakfast two tacos and or burritos but
I think we all got tacos right
over here we're gonna watch Hayden it's
beautiful that's real that is real real
gross to the good I got cheese oh you
don't like solution oh this is perfect
you got cheese yes yes you want this one
you can start you want my avocado okay I
knew you needed my sauce I'm gonna put
the sauce on angry cries it's the best
sauce to thank no this one's really
spicy I heard so I'm not gonna try that
okay here we go guys
that's Molly I don't like tamales
tamales you laughed when I said that so
I'm like oh geez it was like saying it
it's like a hot like Peppard like hot
tamale like like it's it you make it so
get corn and Bieber corn into um maybe I
think we're just beef you gave her a
good idea boom ring actually that will
be a good boomerang
cuz these two can't walk okay we're in a
Texas Walmart it's been a while it's
been a hot second I'm both probably a
little bit of both look at that baby you
got yourself in quite the position there
all right what are we getting here
anybody no we just want to explore let's
go find the magazine section at some
point differences it's like a trip to
Disney it really kind of is I might be
told to stop filming last time I was in
Walmart they asked me to quit filming
remember that yeah you're like oh I just
put it away though but then they'd hold
me please enjoy your bean bag why would
you even want to be here what would it
being yours even being yes only you
could lay on it no can't have something
our living room only you can laugh maybe
every time okay
Haley's got a singing lesson today bish
Yash likes what he's like
I could be naughty
Joe would you like to leave a little
early and go back and we can strike at
some snitch or would you chop find
something here don't do that improvising
haha I don't even know sir means
readable
oh it lights up look at this one
I mean again I know we're not the only
what people that come to Walmart just to
get pictures like we did a bug
Bucky's last night a hula hooper Hayden
looks like he's gonna fall asleep in his
little buggy
good night I think I see it already it's
there you see one Oh somebody put that
there
they're down here here let's put them on
display they love when we put them on
display when do they wins a new one come
out this month right
you gotta get yours now guys cuz they're
gonna be gone soon
I think they leave shelves this month I
think Dallas needs to see you in this on
stage I know it was cute the world need
to see that there's a pimp oh that's
cute yeah that's true that's actually
got a cute
we're in the camo section Haden might
need some camo pants for tonight I'm
country I'm country this place will
never be the same again it's just your
size Aidan too big oh he's got a bail
what it's cute oh man maybe they keep
him flat on purpose oh yeah now that
would be annoying too if you wanted to
buy a bike yeah this is what I want to
see you guys riding around and no that's
probably why they keep up there to keep
people like us from driving them around
you'll fix your hair it's okay I do want
it for the vlog dang it you're cute yeah
I knew that was gonna happen I'm good
like he's that you got sidetracked at
the games almost Danny and with the
little spikes on it so it like goes
everywhere very
later baby
this when's Bentley he was gonna shake
your hand okay he's got it go tonight
now I got a good night night okay gotta
find a spot sometimes it's not always
good
where's this one up I don't know but you
can only find it yes good night Bentley
you're so beautiful
all right
good
so dude you're doing it you are singing
do it again and don't look like you're
scared to death of it okay
nice and projected good
because you burn
okay we're here at the venue and we've
got a new bus and we don't know the code
so we're waiting
it met beautiful it's so pretty so we're
on the bus and people are sleeping back
there so we're not gonna do a bus tour
but it's pretty much the same as the
last one the room and yes it don't say
that now you're gonna make them feel bad
for me not doing a bus tour it's pretty
much it's the same concept box room
that's really nice it's not yeah it's
it's probably a little fancier
not much to say it's fine here's the
bathroom has anybody in here I'll show
you the gather
Oh
so that's it guys
we're not gonna disturb the sleepers he
didn't get this of course you are makeup
check hair looks really bad right now
cuz it's courtesy you but my mom's jaw I
think it looks good right my hair I was
gonna do it but again handy does really
good lease Dutch braids I don't know why
she's making me do it I do better tight
ones I'm gonna try loose yeah that's
pretty much all after this what are we
gonna do my dryer you'll have inner
circle and about everything I can't
really do your part when you're you look
down this is a hard part you look down
and the lighting in here is not great
why would that matter for hair I have to
see what I'm doing
so I'm in Hayden's jacket that he's
wearing on stage you're wondering why
doesn't fit me so yeah that's it show
starts in what 30 minutes 30 minutes
water switching around a little bit
because it's his hometown yeah
we changed that up a little bit didn't
we felt they all even switched places on
the state mom in the bus mom came to
this performance and ops he's behind me
who are giving a little best tour
that's mr. Jimmy's bunk I'm over here
I was I was here oh there's three of my
need but one day there's this I mean I'm
not only gonna be down there for one
night so I think I'll be okay I was
fairly comfortable there but I'm gonna
give it to Annie cuz Annie was I was
here over here cuz Jacob was on the
other bus but he's on this bus now so
we're just rearranging and it's gonna be
fun here is much more like a submarine
I'm probably gonna feel that tonight I
can't do it for one night as long as he
was on a submarine with us Hayden's been
on this bus for you're halfway right
you've been on this bus for like 16
stops over no bait 14 so 14 stop
like Hayden's family and I'm over here
just like blogging and my makeup I know
looks rough it was stage makeup and
applause it is not only great and
he's be like fix but who cares I'm in a
bad jack X what really is your phone
exactly
this is kicker with me and that's
exactly what I call on bad leg X pudding
yeah
my make it was really rough
readiness
yeah I don't know what to say yeah and
to say it we also have
and if I can do the camera we're having
so much fun they were so awesome tonight
she was over dinner's over and yeah
question of the day is she is there so
much pressure right now
before I hand into the camera watch for
your color my favorite color is blue so
yeah don't forget comfortable Oh cuz we
want to know the question of the day is
what is your favorite color see you
tomorrow
San Antonio San Antonio
bounce was amazing you're yelling pretty
sad everybody they're yelling ugh I just
saw her vlogging and I'm a big fan of
brittani's song I just wanted this is
your favorite color favorite color
purple
what thank you guys for watching
everyone remember to celebrate thanks
for watching
Vitaliy
