time for me hey guys right now it is a
tool in so mommy daddy and Auntie are
going to LA and I am saying here with
aunt Melissa
boom we went to that Apple store for
technology would you learn that we
learned about like so we did this thing
where we were drawling and it was really
cool to see of a job with do mama sing
she draws with on her iPad and that and
there was a lot there was like splatter
paint and then we X goes to this other
thing where he made a video and it kept
on linking it and it was out of pictures
and we move the block crudos goal now we
need stop-motion
I just picked this little girl up from
the gym because we got to go home and
finish packing for LA we leave in a few
hours but I wanted to show her something
what I had 1 million you really
congratulations you know I should get a
horse no you shouldn't her birthday
Chelsea's one of her teammates birthdays
with today - or well it's Sunday but her
mom surprised her everybody else knew
that they were getting treats I filmed a
little bit on my phone but sometimes I
forget to get footage off my phone so
maybe we can roll the clip well we're
gonna roll the clip now
before I steal your home well see
sometime I turn the camera off and then
like you guys say something or do
something funny so I was just like
making a mental note to not turn it off
right away
hey alright guys see you later
yes please
all right we're on our way out the hell
out of the house to the airport doggies
are going 9 night and he's being creepy
the usual you ready to go put it in your
bag oh you're all color-coordinated
candy-colored I need to picture for
Instagram okay airports are my favorite
until we get the security and then no a
little crack and shatter four bags that
our final destination at no charge
you're like - do you want to take
another flight any our flight is going
fast over but again battery what are you
doing everyone is coming
yummy important to get on the plane and
how do you board and sinking those that
Passport
he Briggs I'm gonna grow up so I go
that's a nanny's new thing when I say
something like question her like Annie
there's mommy no go not one of your line
though those classes made your eyes like
funny
it's cuz I'm seeing double okay so we're
about to board this flight double I know
I'm like double like your eyes it just
when daddy watches the footage back
he'll know what I mean we're about to
board this flight we're going to Atlanta
first we've got the essentials though
Dani and I are going to share this like
a candy monster
when I grow up
let's go put it in here
that he's being bossy bossing her around
place
okay
you wanted
don't call your daddy I mean you don't
get better
from a meow
can be your bird
watch it freak there you gotta film it
thoughtful service innovative products
at unparalleled reliability putting you
our customers on the floor comply
everything we watch that
- its history
learning about
in Lebanon
sunlight
but
yeah we're just going to googly-moogly
that because
he doesn't know he doesn't like the
thing keep editing over there what's
this called this project no wait wait a
word cloud that's what we're doing so
we've got to find a lot of keywords
about
we I say that I am helping a little bit
what are you guys talking about huh
tell me everything touch me who are you
texting Andrew
and Ruiz Sean John's and husband okay so
we just ate here in Atlanta hurry about
to get on our next flight we ate we
filled up right now cuz it's gonna be
super light when I get home going see
what whoops
does la feel like home Annie so let's go
home
I'm gonna call Haley I think when we get
down to our gate and tell her good night
all right let's do this you guys you get
to sleep on the plane
because you did school in the first
flight sleep on the second so anyone -
no magic trick let's go I taught her
hello
Wow Hazzard fellas ahahaha struggle
report
we're efficiency brain young
alright guys we just arrived at the
hotel Katie and family are here but
Annie's super tires I think we'll just
kind of go to our room
you want a room door real quick
everybody do this yeah do that and they
want to see a room door sleepyhead
all right you guys party in this room we
just keeps going on and on what are you
doing that's not your bed all right I'll
give the tour so around this corner is
the bathroom be thinking of a question
of the day my friends the bedroom
Annie's beds out here there it is it was
us acutest couch ever though little desk
let's go see the view parking lot view
nailed it
all right we got a table these are my
favorite kind of hotels you guys alright
well sink and a fridge is it stocked
what do you think I don't think it is
new all right
let's see what we got here for a
question of the day all right well I
guess Inez cope there she is can you
think of a question of the day how
daddy's got one we'll be back for you so
the guy said he was signing on the plane
was an actor okay you guys ever met an
actor before I don't if so who immersed
an actor or a celebrity because
somebody's you a celebrity you ever been
a solo yeah the guy next Fiona Blaine
huh I want sat next to somebody who
claimed to be sting well not sting the
singer sting the wrestler and he was
trying to explain it to me I didn't know
who was and I was like on a plane but I
have no idea
he didn't have his makeup on sting the
wrestler wore a lot of makeup so he's
showing me pictures and I was like 9 or
10 I'm like okay so that's my story any
of you ever met a celebrity wait yeah
you have I can name a few that she's met
Sabrina carpenter Rowan Blanchard Sophia
Carson am I missing anybody no girl
oh all right guys we have a long day of
secret filming tomorrow for upcoming
videos doing a lot of those lately
we'll see Katie I got a text her mom and
tell her break the news to her Danny's
already in bed so good night we'll see
you tomorrow
ma always remember to celebrate life
potato baked potato baby
thanks for watching
Vitaliy
