time for the first day of a field trip
in this year it's probably like my
second three on my second like field
trip man's mommy would you like to ask
me a question I would love to it's like
an interview yes first question is
Hayley where did you go on your first
field trip of the year to the Apple
Store for technology not apples like you
didn't go apple picking
no we went to the Apple Store for
technology okay
mommy you need to get this one there's
like this thing you know the thing that
you write with and roll my lab yeah the
silent huh you kiddo and when we went
there and you can open the bottom and it
charges your day yeah and you plug it
into the eye power mind out that Oh
Chester not cool oh I know right and
then so first we draw just drew Joker
food is I so there's like all of these
different things David your pencil and
some and you can only go straight so
you're just like
you could only go straight so you can't
really mess up on the line key the other
one that I like is it's like paint
splatters that's one that I saved two of
them I know one of them I saved or you
saved it so we can see what they were
yeah we can download the app thank all
right thing do I get another question
yes did you enjoy yourself but does that
mean you have fun yeah my third question
is what are you nibbling on back there
pretzels frets
hmm the second thing that we did in the
app store was a movie out of pictures
and it's on this little bracelet that
you charge into your um computer and it
goes up to YouTube and then
no not to YouTube it's like this little
thing that no one can see so like live
it
yeah and um you go on it and it sends
your video to it and then you can watch
it and play it so cool and it's on this
little bracelet are you excited about
this weekend yes cuz mommy and daddy and
Annie are going to LA and I'm going to
spend with em King hmm cheeto puffs
ah me or her she drops dead be gone so
we need to order like five Oh Jade abuzz
might be my favorite snack ever she
cried the other day when the store
didn't have like I think she was almost
in tears like they're so good they're
not very good for you
dia told me they were at Whole Foods
then we went to Whole Foods I know one
their foods cheetah but now they might
they have their version of them they'll
never know very you know cheeto
customers simply cheeto puffs I wonder
if this is a little better for you plus
s simply up here just cuz I mean
sometimes out on I'm really thirsty for
water okay and so we're going to get
something to eat you know
no um what are we gonna eat Lundy's nope
mom we always go to Japan play
hmm I have to drive this car and this
car does automatically goes into fall
way so I'm doing good um so what Annie
and I do we get in the car did my hacker
overshoot to a Simone net cool
so the Simone matte drapes over the bar
Bluebird yep
that's cool did some double back so I'm
not off the bar right right not all
humbling off I don't know I did them on
tumbling - oh so I didn't talk about
what she did at gymnastics cuz I'm not
there to watch yeah so a good bar day
yeah level 9 skills hmm
so that's like your level 9 routine
we're almost completely - we got level 9
for with bonus we got level 9 beam hand
lay right yeah that means a back
handspring like she seen her do before
in the beginning and then instead of
another backhand right she does a flip
without her hands people its backhand
whom that hands pretty much my hands in
the hinge no hands the second I can't
forgive aliens yeah that can spring that
can zoom
um that's scary well life is Gary don't
deal with it we're going to Japan I feel
it's been a while since I've been here
yesterday
no what was not you were going with too
long yesterday with the line mister yeah
so that's why we're here today
no we would have been here we would have
been here no no you don't like being
here when there's a line so we drive by
and we peek in the window and a third a
long line we drive on today well I say
if it's behind half that Coke machine I
don't come in and that's the truth
hey guys so Haley oh wow good go I go oh
okay so really wanted to jump on the
trampoline so I'm gonna go and film what
she's doing I caught some putty to do an
aerial
yo baby baby what is that what bag of
that what there's a spider where where
hi there I'm the dribbling net oh oh
that little thick
now we ought to be an indoor dog an
expression heard old hair so annie has
Makena sake and Julie Julie and oh yeah
we forget but she's so beautiful
okay and she'll the dog so the balusters
a girl that we don't know the killer
doll house before now oh gosh
up here is a toy I don't know why that's
it the same thing with the bathtub I'm
designing this I'm designing this this
is Anna Clark and it's great so there's
we can do this is probably gonna be the
younger girls I don't know why the
younger girls are getting pink and green
yeah they're at the age and this is
probably going to be fourth understand
he is like at this big place and this is
the couches burn I do
mmm and then this is the kitchen
so this is all dark house acta so we
have I'm gonna do a dollhouse tour like
okay so yeah we have these behave a
phone we have
oh my gosh a pumpkin candle thing that
Bella gave to me in my school um we have
Izzi and Anna and we have this little
way then the dog supposed to go in here
I don't know where the dog went and then
yeah and then we have some shoes done
here and then we have a nice dolls sage
and Julie and there's brownie and then
that's your beautiful side no mats for
bed and then down here we have also
installs McKenna and we don't know who
we're doing this yet and up already shut
that up here is Grace and Kate Michaela
and then we have the bathroom it's a
bathtub that's the toilet that's a sink
then down here we have the candle and we
have the newspaper and we have a flower
and then we have some salt and then we
have some shoes down here we have the
kitchen and this is a microwave you know
all of that stuff and that's the freezer
and what is it go I don't know but the
fridge
we are peckin for another trip when he
get in we Andy a second ago didn't even
know when he was on the bed he didn't
know I smelled her so I knew she was in
here I'm like Winnie or is that you and
Annie look she's right here oh this is
hi Winnie gonna go with us we're packing
for the trip
Hayley you gonna miss us what this Annie
I'm here so we're trying to do well we
bought a lot of jewelry in Malaysia and
I had nowhere to put it
we just stopped in I shoved it in here
half of our jewelry within an organised
little pouch and half of it was
mommy you got a pretty bracelet that's
so pretty
yeah women please no sad all the buddy
are there Winnie why you look those dad
tonight
and grumpy why are you grumpy and
whoa-oh-oh-oh she sees the bracelet
uh-oh all right now oh boy yeah boy oh
boy
I'm trying to get this big knot of
jewelry out tshane oh it's so true
oh yeah hmm the one who noticed -
tomorrow we're getting Katie all this
pig stuff because we haven't given it up
to her making her birth
oh my a lot of things and then love can
I get it push it out and the bottom okay
was valium that's a dude now it's like
okay it's bogus know if you guys are in
one place for one week where would you
go and why I would go to Mexico I look
over to England but Mexico I like now
Mexico the first reason that I love
Mexico is because they speak speak
there's a card
Spanish there I kind of speak Spanish
because in Spanish I know thing go feel
hmm just don't let goodbye don't forget
a girl moves around over here
is I am cold I'm pulled don't think love
for you but it's just like it's a jump
over to come down below to be one
another cousins day is and soon
no don't forgetting on the road is even
in the kitchen from the ears just what
did you give it anyway if you could stay
somewhere for one week where would it be
I always remember to celebrate life ah
baked potato baby
thanks for watching
Vitaliy
