hey bratayley fans i guess you've heard
we were making history and we're
starting at the very beginning of our
nation that is we're off on a trip back
in time to the american revolution in
costume and undercover we're in hot
pursuit of characters like General
George Washington lady spies soldiers
presidents pirates horses and some
pretty sweet dance moves will travel the
original 13 colonies to see what we can
find and recreate some of history's most
famous moment so saddle up
today we are going to visit Virginia
four of the first five president lived
in Virginia that's right these fertile
fields produced four of our founding
fathers can you name them George
Washington well nailed it Michigan
James Maggie James been Muro during the
American Revolution Virginia had more
people than any other colony so when you
think about it that way it's not that
weird that for the first five presidents
came here it was the big one it was
where everybody was that makes sense
right now we're at Monticello which is
the home of our third President Thomas
Jefferson before he was president he
basically helped start the revolution
when he wrote some of the most famous
words ever the Declaration of
Independence life liberty the pursuit of
happiness
we saw his house on this really high
hill this is his first daughter Patsy
she was four when the revolution started
and about Annie's age by the time it
ended like most celebrity kids today
Patsy lived in a house about ten times
bigger than anyone elses yeah he lived
back Daniel biggie
it was called Monticello which means
little mountain in Italian it had 30
rooms I would like be really scared to
live in this house because it's like
really fancy and don't want to break in
a thing there's no class watch your head
mm-hmm and it's really big on get lost
we wondered what Patsy did here while
her dad was away
we saw all of his book he had so many
six thousand seven hundred and seven
books to be exact
one of the biggest private book
collections in America zero screens all
the books are like crazy they're like a
billion in there they looked very very
old like I held one and it almost like
came apart
hold it we don't know how many books she
read but we do know Patsy was
home-schooled like Annie and Haley
in a letter her dad wrote her he lays
out her schedule two hours of practicing
music in the morning at least an hour of
drawing dance class music again also
French reading writing hmm this is
giving me some good ideas seven
languages English French Italian Spanish
Latin Old English and Greek oh gee it's
not a bogey not yet not Luis he's kind
of a superhuman huh kind of a superhuman
yeah that's it
it's not the scientific term you would
use but I'm gonna incorporate njoy
drawers or no one oh my gosh jeez I
didn't notice how big the thick that
area is historians still dig on
Monticello in search of old artifacts we
decided to help them out a bit to learn
more about Jefferson's plantation
yes we dug in search of what they left
behind ready right now we are looking
for artifact it almost sounds like a
star designer we learned that they had a
really fancy china plates and apparently
drank a lot of tea so so far we found a
lot of broken plates and tea cups and
bottles this is the bottom of a vodka
then we went to learn about what kind of
games Patsy would have played Monticello
includes 5000 acres that's over 4,500
football fields Jefferson's kids and
later his grandkids
played a lot of games on this lawn
we'll take a handkerchief and he'll
bring his grandchildren out to this lawn
and he will line them up in order a pipe
in a lot of ways Patsy was just like
kids now Jefferson had to remind her not
to wear her clothes if they were dirty
and to pay attention to her spelling
could be pretty cool some pretty large
these are big nickels why the nickel
nickel Fanta
it's Monticello are these metal or made
of rock they also like to go bowling for
that we drove over to the neighbor's
lawn who just happened to be another
founding father James Monroe he was
neighbors was Thomas Jefferson his house
was smaller but Monroe helped launch the
revolution and was also a president
we're here at the home of James Monroe
favor of Thomas Jefferson
we played yard bowling which was really
really really really really fun
bullying tenten's and pens we would try
to knock in many pens as we could to get
more points
that used to be one of the most popular
games in the early colonies Wow
legit after the Revolutionary War lawn
bowling wasn't as cool anymore because
it was one of those British courts one
of them one of those from the British so
even our friend George Washington here
though he loved lawn bowling had to
pretty much stop playing I loved it
but what you do instead I planted some
magnolia trees in formation in the games
honor we play this game called Hannibal
you would have this paddle in your hand
and you would like to step on and the
ball would you're flying and you would
hit it with your paddle and see how far
it goes
hey someone stuck with that and you hear
me hey no trip would be complete of
course without some dancing first we did
it the old-school way
and then we try to teach all the
Revolutionary War folk how we do it in
this century should we teach her dance
the John Hancock and that's what life
was like for Patsy a girl whose actual
father was a founding father and after
all that bowling and dancing and pooping
and reading her dad went on to become
president and she moved with him to the
White House but she always came back to
Monticello her little mouth
clippety
