time for my good morning
another morning another gym day I
realized that I didn't film at all
yesterday me personally they did it all
so I'm like I'm gonna break out the
camera and say hello to everybody I
missed you guys
oh you look like an old granny walking
these girlies into the gym alright so
here we are baba I put in stuff into
cubby but yeah I'm picking you up
throw we're bagging do you hear that
Billy I know you're working but do you
hear that
so would you oh I don't store it's a nap
time guys
I'd also like to point out the dirty
window vine them when they're scratching
to get in and it's been raining bunny TD
what that's all the noise about
you heard me JJ and you came running
this is what it's like in the house when
it's quiet and we're working at the
counter and the kids are out of the
house the dogs make up for the noise
guys guess what on Mac we is actually a
river test yes Oh even better
so I got them all right yeah we studied
and study for that and it paid off
Sarah Haley has new mess up look good no
mark
it just says excellent that's awesome
congrat we have to celebrate we do have
to celebrate how are we gonna break it
probably gonna have to blue move oh you
mean really celebrate I thought you
might mean like a hug or hang it on the
refrigerator
now you mean full-out party bowl out
below do you have a new list of spelling
words this week yes I do have school
yesterday so we have one last day to
study no Piper I was about to do of what
you crazy do not stir stuff in you come
over so we have laid some mats out
because Haley now has all the skills
well she's not gonna do all her skills
right now like no round up back hands
were in the house but she's got all her
skills
she knows the routine but she just kind
of learned the whole thing so we're
running through it all she hadn't have
gym today so this is her gym we're
seeing if we can you know clean it up
and make sure she knows it she's gonna
do everything except the roundoff back
handspring which she did yesterday at
practice give me five miss bump to
something woohoo
um hidden she got it back after being
gone for two weeks so that was very
exciting news
alright let's see what you got I don't
know it'd be smart about a Leo on yeah
okay alright now you look like a gymnast
alright here we go
back it up cuz this is we will do the
music just run through it real quick by
thing you need a backup for your jumps
don't you start with jumps daddy's
laundry's really cramping my videos
style real life guys real life how did
you stretch
daddy's proud of you no matter how you'd
look me too though I'm proud of you too
just don't do that into me proud if you
don't do that to me all right if you
need to compete you compete level three
this is the video for you oh it's so
cute a split jump first really are you
sure okay I believe you
look at his mom I got a new phone case
cuz I got a new phone I got um uh iPhone
7 plus you got my credit card wait it
doesn't have a headpin thing but they
did make it so you can plug like there's
an adapter for it he's in my box I
didn't lose it you guys don't even press
a button pretty much it's pretty cool
whoops like eat shakes or something when
you press the button yeah it's like
you're not allowed on this phone little
girl
step off you like my little mirror
hey we got we get sidetracked sometimes
should we get back on track a little bit
since I have to leave to go get Annie
soon and you and Daddy are gonna play
some video games right for his channel
all right the video game of mine
minecraft why did we say it like that
all right
salute no she she just waits for the
music for solar Haley ignore your father
he's not the judge I'm the judge okay
he's the judge we're not good at this
all right my friend hopefully we've got
everything ready stand like a gymnast
now your arms must be that height or
gymnast and with her arms snack
back handspring rebound Wow I'm so
impressed you stay with the music so
well yeah daddy's gonna put that dot
that very routine right there with the
music you just saw it probably playing
with some other music or maybe you
didn't see it at all we don't know what
the editing process is going to look
like but you can see it with the music
that was pretty good inhale all right
I'm impressed Hayley you've been working
hard it's not easy to miss two weeks of
gymnastics right when they're learning
the routines can you imagine if you did
that in the middle ear beam round up
back hands ring rebound it's like wait
and then you guys feel like break it
down
I would pay big money to see you do that
Hayley big money to see that
so that would pay you big money to see
you do that okay have you really did
that in her routine how to meet having
in him what kind of feeling would - she
paid me
hello so Iowa is assumed in yeah yeah
hello closed
no it wasn't zoomed in hmm um anyway so
we have Tim's in the car and at the gym
we're playing food food it's actually
called spooks but let's call it spooked
but peanut said no I'm gonna call it
boot something okay we're now from food
anyway the food so me and Ken's were the
first people to get food and I'm not
kind of sure about how it started like
did they pick out a hat and did it was
just really coaches with coaches or
anyways so we don't miss candy so we're
just gonna have a little run I got fart
pudding here but barp barp noise
punished I mean flirt but not far clarp
clarp we got what that one isn't that
wonderful far yeah it's just floor by I
can read yeah good job you passed first
grade I got three of these little things
I'm gonna put on my dad I got an iPhone
6 only my first I got chocolate it's
much better than iPhone 6 mm-hmm
I got the sucker I got bracelets I got
nails that glow in the dark and I want
to take all that out because it took so
long to put it in oh cheese now smell
like that if I have to take this out
he's just adorable
hey what's his name uh
prolly do not eat yeah why would you
want to eat
FLARP buddy because to do that is such a
fun word to say I plug my 5 ba ba ba ba
father
so what's it mean to be booed so like
you pick so someone picks you right now
so like Coach Meyer has a little paper
and it's like four level evening group
level evening group and level like level
like optional yeah and home school so
you pick a evening group person from
home school person a home school person
mine is sydney from hope for home school
so said said the coral girl yeah well
that that one and um
le which is in the evening and what
about yours
I picked Syd the like evening grouper
time and he said my little one was going
to the Nash no um she's training for
tops or without training for tops I
don't know I know it's something
important yeah they're like Audrey's
like so flexible hey I wish I could be
as flexible anyways keep him and I
picked TJ from the home school son home
boy you said Sid said oh I was talking
about Audrey hey princess
so if it you think significant wins all
right sitter 20 yeah now sing about
Audrey but to bring my cigars on the air
is cool the warm weather grim soon
Halloween will come to the jet with
ghosts and goblins spooks galore and
before you know it a new pink slip so
excited about that we're getting a new
pink floor well not like we have a pink
floor now but like we're getting a brand
new floor that's Pam octave excited yeah
okay the curl grows are after things to
do go mmm in fact the coral girls
brought this to you the treats that come
from with this short letter you are
yours to keep and even better to pass
along to to the optimal friends hurry
before the month of October ends home
schoolers and evening will both delight
you're sure to make their day turn right
that's we're not that no sorry one more
paragraph who hide the front desk you'll
find a teenage slit cross your name off
and no one will get missed remember to
pick not one but two girls teammates to
spread the do
it's funny what we think is funny all
right you ready girls you just gonna sit
here and play with the floor up all day
long good the car oh my goodness
where's the Halloween section right here
oh my god he came to fighting below they
did they did oh this is cute you could
get a bag like this to put all the stuff
in there's purple and red I mean you
might find a different one as we shop
but that'll be fun
this can I decide what you're getting
for each person
yeah that one's a little out of place no
wait you've got yeah there you go
hey a flashlight would be handy for
trick-or-treating sorry right in the eye
through this one blue mum yet for each
person
whoa the task force will light up
fighting bands oh it's gonna fight yeah
it was really cool up wait we're not
shopping for you so he's decided to do
pottery you give me your hands wet
cuz out as fast as it goes I don't wanna
study told me to go anything this one
for very cool using pressure to shape it
yeah hey you think you save it shape it
okay anyways um so me Haley are doing
pottery and I made this little thing it
looks really bad right now but it's
standing up it's gonna be laying down
but that so it looks like I need a trim
the edges kind of slant into anyways so
just deal with that a little bit - nice
that sound weird it it's just a little
plain I don't want some the cabin over
here so do that that's a horrible fight
you that's better
I'm gonna trim off some of the edges so
we're contracting and I'm not really
sure to make music limbs you know dog
and your personal items
hmm if you could take three items to a
desert desert or an island what would
you it be what one a boat Piper a bunny
you can only bring three items a bow
is an item a boat food they probably do
water because it's an island um
don't know that's a hard one a boat food
and a friend what are the dogs you're on
a stranded Island hailey you want my
dog's name is Rikki just be like no they
wouldn't be measure they'd be here
relaxin Annie
what are you stuffed animals and your
blankie you don't need those things yeah
but you need them food probably one of
my stuffed animals as I get scared
hmm makeup perfect okay so don't forget
to comment below do you want to know how
the question the day is if you could
take baby she's only three items to and
to a desert a deserted island what would
it be
good bye see you tomorrow always
remember to celebrate like a baked
potato baby
thanks for watching
Vitaliy
