today on bikini you're talking I'm not
telling you
oh you're okay yeah so we have on
wedding we're going to today and I did
not prepare at all so I was looking at
my clothes this morning as ago those
need to be ironed so I started looking
for the ironing board and iron and we
don't have one so we are here looking at
does your ironing board needs to be
pretty apparently this is purple yeah I
don't know what to do about that cuz I
don't know what's going to take the
superglue off that isn't going to take
the nails off see the super go off
though if you get the super go off how'd
you get to Google by putting chemicals
on your hands that are going to take
your nails off okay why can't we just
paint the nails different no but it
might take the actual nail off hey made
it you failed a logger you do that
flashing I do what battery
we just started I got really using this
the battery is already flashing fail
hello
so our parents I had a wedding I got
super glue all over my hands dirty
ah and I can't open this one handed ah
so we just took like so many tests
online cuz it's really fun
you're all like are you you need to then
I was just really fine so now we're
going to do some America's homework I
like it scrappy yeah yeah yeah we will
okay so yeah we're just kind of hanging
out needed some starboard with the
starboard sources just our forest
Stivers cuz you know as Daniel
I'm second all right no no I'm fourth yo
if you're not feminism oh my god what
laughs woof okay get this but you might
meet you Annie
okay so yeah it's kind of crazy all
right
so I'm still in Kate Haley and Danielle
are doing karaoke I'm downstairs she's
gonna make dinner
I'm thirsty wait I just don't want him
more
let's see where are your pops I got this
do I have this
no that's huh
no let's play it's no best play I got
this I got probably knock someone
doesn't open it does open your said to
pull hard
oh no not those yeah last one
what oh this is not a judge got a permit
money I stole it from Danielle's room
they're kind of like chillin hanging out
and you know what because I make me
sloppy joes what's that you've never had
a sloppy joe oh my oh my I forgot your
mother doesn't cook we are watching TV
right now like downstairs but we just
ate dinner and it was really really bad
Mary Kate's room is messy
wait that's why MIT and I got from
Danielle's room
I still remember them coming your
daughter to me you're joking
I'm not telling you oh yeah you work in
comedy music hey guys so it is time to
go to bed and we got on the pole like
stuff set up right there we're gonna
sleep there right next to Calais is kind
of odd but yep we do little is there
that the hair is there can you guys see
that you guys can't see that okay
anyways I got a good question of the day
all right go ahead okay so kind of two
mixed in one yeah
this nails would you rather there's
three would you rather have pink nails
like yep like jealous finger polish gel
or what any handsome Alex
there's acrylics gel or J break awake I
say acrylics because they make your
nails longer Mike I say gel or acrylic
because you've never had a color I never
had it bad looks good on you wake up oh
oh and the color would you a have I like
white or like light colors like this
light purple I'd say light pink light
blue since its fall I would say this in
acrylic cool so yeah don't forget
comfortable looks we want another
Persian the day
yeah what's your favorite nail color and
would you rather have regular jello or
acrylic so yeah bye see you tomorrow
students always remember to celebrate
life ah potato baked potato baked
thanks for watching
Vitaliy
