hi for me
hey guys so about to head to do nastic
steak Haley and I just wanted everybody
know yes we know it's the first and we
want to treat this like it's every other
day we want to remember Caleb on his
birthdays and things like this but this
isn't the day we really want to remember
so I just got done with Jim and I just
realized that you can't well kool-aid
your hair meat season
well I did just I just want to any
season but you can't and I never want to
quince done with meat season know what
you get tickets for today
and I got just one for doing three four
tip circles in a row what way is it
easier at gymnastics ride home on the
bar it's easier gymnastics because our
bars if it's more like skinnier our bar
is skinnier and no one at home powder
the ground yeah
well no it's easier with a big bar I
don't know why so I wanted home skew
yeah it's just I can't like because it
I don't know you're supposed to you
can't because arbors like your Vance
football you're supposed to have a big
bar because then you can grab onto it
and you can get your nails and
and sometimes helps to have a stronger
bar what's the most fish you've ever
seen someone
Oh Isabella she got like 15 15 a little
number I don't know he's wearing for
days but it's knack Annie on Sunday the
first day that Sunday's been sunny
because it's never sunny has to be sunny
it's Sunday some I Sundays on Sunday
yeah that'd be cool
oh I know sometimes we use our table
it's very odd usually it's for arts and
crafts today it's for both we ordered
some pizza because no one felt like
cooking typical what is she ever call a
cooking and that's it we're gonna sit at
our table we're the head to the table
that means we're in charge
really very proper heart that was very
proper today I choose to laugh a lot
look she's gonna act them out I choose
to hug a lot let her hug you
hey oh oh I choose to what else can we
do to long lick the dog fibers like Oh
someone's looking dogs and yeah just
like a dog um and Mary Kay had good ones
smile a lot oh yeah Annie's fiddle face
ran into poor whinnies little tiny head
what and so now she's got like a busted
leg
okay cactus story so we're almost like
leg outside right and the rows we me and
Caleb or playing and Caleb memories our
house and Gabe was like let's go next
door playing there you are okay it's my
hair there's like what's that no like I
don't know let's go check what's amazing
Leslie this is the tractor so we're both
just like looking at it just and yet and
he was like I want to touch it and I was
like I'm in tune like when you touch it
first and I was like no no you just what
you guys didn't touch it like this it
sounds like you just got you know you
crap are you bugging the is Bernie
crying yeah I don't like a hold us down
we pick them out so yeah on it there is
Easter one year and it a stir every year
yeah Caleb me and David we're out in the
front yard just eating the candy and
then like we had a little sewage thing
like what you learn bugs trash in the
sewage containers if you're going here
is our house yeah this thing was to
press charges
no yeah alibi or oh god that's all good
satchel locations over we moved we moved
I've got three dogs begging for pizza
yeah someone feeds them pizza hmm
Haley mary-kate ready Winnie she almost
did it again right round one she found
you guys it's torture is it torture well
Pfeifer I mean Winnie I know you can
catch better than that all right so
we're going to get our nails done right
guys what am I going to get with my
nails
all right nailed on time either what
color you want so keep that so that you
can show them what color
we soaking them what does it feel like
cold so cold it feels like regular water
jump on over here
me
me
me
name
how's that feeling
yeah
me
name
me
Oh beautiful
for the final results beautiful like it
I believe annie has a new favorite movie
No KK is alright anybody wish that we
had seen something else yeah it is time
division today and the question of the
day is what is your favorite soda soda
in my ear seven is it's like Orange
Crush Orange Crush perfect for my help
it crush put back into the is oh my what
is my MA
it's like cherry no Vendela coke so yeah
w no one owes me one over the course of
the day is what you're seven by tomorrow
I always remember to celebrate life ah
baked potato baked potato baby
thanks for watching
Vitaliy
