time for me alright so I have one side
of my hair brushed in from one side not
and we're heading to gym right now so
it's gonna be a good day it's almost
Friday yet my most fun until almost the
weekend yeah okay so now where's brushed
love frizzy I'm about to buy Robin a
poem too
and like I said I didn't Jim rain see
the reins on my sensors
so it thinks if there's something like
I'm having really really close it's a
red oh there it is again we hit
something
luckily I can manually turn it off what
happened in the snow - like there's a
big ice chunk on it and it's like ah
promise I'm not hitting anything we're
gonna go we're gonna boogie so what
happens if you're late today okay so
when on - on Fridays we either get 15
minutes of like free gym which is like
you get to go on the ropes and drop into
the pit which is really really fun
you guys are like jump on the trampoline
you get to run around everything but if
you're late you to run for 15 minutes
around the floor which is not fun at all
so we try good to be late so it's 15
minutes of fun or 15-minute run yeah
and you're not late very often I just
like to go on record
but I was late yesterday no you said you
made it
8:59 it's not that good no it's not
you're right we're usually there at 851
give her a little kitty oh my goodness
she likes me
I think she likes that or Emma or likes
to escape
what's the Kitty's name Emily is new
family member so cute look at that face
cute yes I like this but like marking
like I know it's good working Oh camera
shy
I keep I come here whenever I come home
chichi my dogs oh my gosh try this
table shock room he looks like a little
flower bird but should not leave in
chugs its we're gonna stop this huge
really that's not weird or anything
actually that does look better
isn't that a cool camera since somebody
can't keep up with the other one
yeah we can't find the other hammer hey
everybody you're beautiful well we've
always looked beautiful but I know the
hair could use some hot water mommy what
I want to be a line when I grow up
oh yeah you're gonna make me why I'm not
sure that's not how it works yeah you'd
be a lion for Halloween oh hey Luigi
just ask let's discuss what we're gonna
be for home yeah we are discuss yeah
what didn't we already discuss it on the
way to New York no but what me and
Hayley are gonna be does that plan
backfired mmm so now this is doin hey
yeah I mean babies how old are you
hmm all right so today we've decided
that we're gonna go get some active for
tomorrow to keep us busy because you
know it's gonna be a day where we just
want to keep busy so Hayley had the idea
of getting some like pottery of some
sort
oh that's right well she's the one that
told me so that was her idea and my
sister is calling me daddy just injected
congestion eject rejected you don't do
oh I remember
easy babe give me the situation can
someone please give me this right hand
that you need to write in chocolate if
you're decorating something ice cream
ice cream maker wait what is this what
do we want to do let me know be in the
kitchen any folding sewing machines like
soda shop maker what puzzles would be
good would you wanted a drink yeah hmm
and like n tell us how you really feel
oh look these we for sure knew that all
kinds of Rubik's cubes oh it's a
different one that's cool good birthday
present or Christmas present for daddy
on Amy you want everything all right
guys we've made them selections we are
gonna have a craft day I don't
I got a phone G why you wanted that
instead of you buddy our daughters cool
for the 6s and 6s exactly why do the
soda shop maker hey remember I told you
I'd buy you a gumball machine
that's huge
fernanda Paul it's all relative my
friend
I need help can you juggle with the Bell
no on the bounce
guys look ready guess what up oh my gosh
your child you don't need that your
daughter says you just need it
I nailed it
see if these these two can figure this
out here you got one more to scan Hey Oh
welcome
not putting anything in bags all right
wait we got to pay hit finish and pay
any now swipe your credit card Annie
wait we're paying for this wait a second
that's the raw end of the deal that's
all you were using your own money nice
you could hold it you buy it you better
be sure you can hold it Mary Kate's here
we've got lots of activities to do
tomorrow for tomorrow we're gonna keep
our little minds a busy case it's clear
I'd invest I said I like but I don't
have the phone cases so not getting this
became a Stella oh goody we're gonna
make spell way that's descendants yeah
Oh have you ever seen that movie more
gone wait that's Knoxville that's the
place magic what forget alarm oven
Oregon you say Oregon or organs I say
Oregon this Morgan Morgan Morgan Minecon
Morgan Jamie's or an organ like Oh our G
a.m. it's not organ no but maybe it's
organized in the book I was assuming it
was this oh yeah where is the word okay
you happy that worried how was it
spelled fix Oh Dora done okay so this is
a game we're playing Annie is trying to
post her daily Instagram and she doesn't
she's got the picture right you just
don't know what description it's just
okay all right
and so we don't know that what we want
to do so we're randomly going through
her music please and we're gonna pick
the first line we hear Jimmy three damn
it but I won't fall especially pretty
good yeah but people give like what and
then this will make so much sense when
they see today's video I hope I have an
egg but if I don't have an egg I don't
let em because I have 400 views up and
this week we had me oh well I did have
it did you just drop the eggs
to Mary Kay come right rub your head in
that log evil vlogging yeah
Primo's ever tell a bunch of horse that
was great for Simone that was fun
ten thousand what it's love and speaking
about horses cuz we're nerds I get oh my
gosh the movie I get a horse at 4
million subscribers on my youtube
channel or on our YouTube channel
Oh would you ever take I'm not so
everyone should go and subscribe that if
you aren't already so please I want a
horse really would you guys never do
YouTube again or never get a horse and
bunny Oh got a question for you I don't
know that should be because they can't
that people can't answer that you can
answer it what you gonna do in guys
comment one of you all please rather
like like not real horses but I'd rather
just keep doing you - oh sweet
okay so we're looking for a question of
the day oh I said what kind of cake do
you like that's a good one it's kind of
keep doing chocolate I like my helmet
red velvet black
no I like women I like I won't go with
lemon do not chocolate pretty much any
cake even though I would say mommy stole
the lemon cupcakes so Haley's birthday
and she wouldn't give to anybody hit it
actually you guys not you should mom
who's texting me okay Haley what's your
favorite kind of cake what's not know
we're not opening that tonight that's
for tomorrow I just want to open it okay
wink wink oh we almost fell off that
chair um favorite cake
yeah line with lime with a cream all
right Kate what's your favorite kind of
cake Oh chocolate taco yeah okay I want
to do a messy bun tutorial so bye you
guys tomorrow
see you tomorrow always remember to
celebrate like a baked potato babe
thanks for watching Vitaliy
