time for me so are you feeling any
better
yeah your hospital heard your cough hey
little bit how school been going good
what about Spanish who you like in
Spanish without your favorite Padre
me probably
what tell me one phrase you've learned
in Spanish
one French guy you don't have to say in
Spanish wasn't meaning it's it's I am
cold you'll think of fail you think how
was your day good
what'd you learn everything you learned
everything mm-hmm
what something new that you did today
anything well earlier you told me is
something about studying ancient oh yeah
ancient Greeks uh-huh tell me about that
picot blue what are you guys doing in
that class um well okay late
we're just he had this book at our
teacher reads to us about like agent
grief but it's really cool so God Susan
gods are with a boys of God and a girls
a goddesses hearts a God goddess goddess
this is goddess or God Slava goddess and
um you like come out up with something
and you do it and someone like protects
animals in our class someone is a one
that like doesn't life like it's pretty
much the goddess of life and mine is I
like make stuff like games or stuff like
paintings or something that they can go
in their house and then I could make
books so I'm a pretty much person that
like makes stuff and then give it to
people that don't have that stuff it's
like so you're the goddess of what it
got us um
giving the goddess of giving okay cool
let's what are you gonna do when you get
home I don't know cuz it's raining I
know supposed to rain for the next
couple days - how many days - - and
tomorrow maybe Saturday but not Sunday I
think it's supposed to be sunny on send
you know finally highly the mile a day
every day
- checks mail puts it there wait and
hangs her backpack up sometimes she
forgets that step there you go
afternoon routine and then long here she
set Samantha she said hey to the puppies
where's that little puppy and she gets a
snack I know all these things about her
oh yeah I lit a candle don't worry guys
I didn't leave a candle burning mister
Billy's here but I did do a lot of
cleaning today then she slays down and
watches TV until I make her do homework
oh look at those cuddled up here what
are you doing oh the doggy the pile of
dog poop step on her Piper hey Winnie
did you say hello to the other two
didn't think so all right so that's the
afternoon routine BAM you cannot eat the
fat
I was talking to Winnie you want your
own snack you want your own after she
heard that you want your own afternoon
snack mmm come on let's get you a treat
like Winnie needs a three oh yes drip
the water everywhere all right here we
go I'm surprised none of them are
sitting at because they know that's the
rule sit whoever sits first gets a treat
first Winnie the order of the sits Gigi
still hasn't sat yet Gigi you got a sit
sit good girl now see when he's already
forgotten if she even got one so she's
still looking for the retreat when you
already got it you already got it
what you doing know that what is this
what is that a stamp uh-huh Oh cuteness
you can make like leaves and oh and then
you can decorate it or something Oh
better glue oh my goodness you guys that
candle smells like like fall oh it's
fall y'all
that's my favorite season mine too look
this was your homework everyday arts and
crafts how be cool touch your touch on
your creative side perfect oh and even
try to get up here when he wants to do
arts and crafts - you think you're
trying to get up here aren't you you get
it didn't you you're up now do not get
all the way up so Haley's doing school
I'm trying to go to bed because I so
tired
um go to bed yes yeah yeah but I am
tired and Buddy just kind of like
relaxing all we have left is Friday and
then it's the weekend again the spelling
quiz she has a spelling test tomorrow
and you studied right you sure yeah yeah
we're doing it right now well this is
part of studying but you've already
written the words right we've already
done this once you've missed three
earlier today before I went to go pick
Annie up right can't look over then yeah
I better go quick so she wrote the one
she missed three times she missed
whistle whiskers and uncle and I didn't
nail you nailed it over here
but when was this the other day yeah
okay study them up don't even don't
worry just about the ones you missed cuz
you got to get the ones you've got right
you got to get them right again today
and tomorrow no pressure
I think Annie's about to fall off labour
yeah yeah where you read that was it
we use that brain what got it right I
know I forgot anything all right you
guys we're gonna give this test or quiz
these are what she's got to get and
we'll be back and we'll show I'll show
you what she did then you sure yeah well
I get my handy-dandy read hello
if I fail this I'm doing it again okay
are you sure you know what you want you
want to look over anything are you sure
you're done I think I'm done okay
oh hey there's the sleepyhead but I
won't let her go to bed you want to
grade it yeah okay okay she knows how to
spell him but you can look over it too
while she grades yeah we went web that's
what she did
we stood whistle whistle there's always
girl whiskers but you put K as capital
no well how doesn't count
Annie that's not no that's not a check
mark put wisk res oh he's creo que I got
to spell it correctly for her no I did
that spell it correctly right there so
she could so she can write it no I did
it mommy that's it no you put our e
assets ers whiskers is that what you
said in your brain you gotta be very
careful
yeah and do you mean yes okay I got of
this engine
you're gonna get a 100 tomorrow doing it
and getting it you're gonna write it
three times then I'll get it to you
again
hang on doing it yeah but you're gonna
ride them three times I got this mom hey
don't let her do it but I good thing we
were very good I wish this is my
jam buddy words do you have I don't even
know I'm tired I'm gonna go get some
muffins that way oh wait that's not what
you do when you're tired we're gonna do
round two cuz she is determined to make
a 100 tomorrow hey you wanna check then
are you feel confident no feel confident
check check you this yeah no just look
over them this that wild wheat whip
whistle whiskers whatever and I love a
goal you think you got all right guys
you got this you got a little drop on
the Hat tri-polar this is the last mile
even if she gets them all good right
five times the one she gets wrong and
then you can try again in the morning
so it's almost time hey Haley you
spelled it right yeah your brain needs a
break so Glenn why are you writing an A
for a whistle say your brain is fried
yeah there's times where you just go
take a break
you did good no what no it's gonna go
shower and brush your teeth
you're not H is yep
tt you got that now what is it what part
did you get wrong you put what II you
put le yes le okay now write up four
more times you lodges that Piper yeah
guys calling you
oh you're in trouble go see what the
principal one I'll have so so from Jim
yes what I said do you want to see my
first gaming video ever
yeah don't watch to the community what
Susan bubblegum favor hmm like what's
your favorite bubblegum flavor mine eye
mine is a five green one like they're
green Oh hallelujah feels like I wanna
like minty and love them that's a good
one do you want that one I like that one
and the same one but like I'm not it was
called
maybe yo sighs okay but no it would be
really busy here so please think how
much it'll be five cents these are five
cents so adorable like look I've spore
should I be ten cents ten and then watch
it go down honey maybe I can see other
way hello here huh I'm very hard oh you
got a bubble gum and then watch mine you
like it hmm yeah your head down I have
money in it no honey
boom no the Christian thing is like I
love the flavor
whoo bye guys always remember to
celebrate life
baked potato baked potato thanks for
watching for tailee
