hey bratayley fans i guess you've heard
we were making history and we're
starting at the very beginning of our
nation that is we're off on a trip back
in time to the american revolution in
costume and undercover we're in hot
pursuit of characters like General
George Washington lady spies soldiers
presidents pirates horses and some
pretty sweet dance moves will travel the
original 13 colonies to see what we can
find and recreate some of history's most
famous moment so saddle up so this week
we went to Philly Philadelphia so
there's a Marathon today so we just had
to leave our guard we ditched them we're
gonna walk the rest of the way it's
where the United States was basically
invented the town where they wrote the
Declaration of Independence and the
Constitution it was even our nation's
first capital here's the house for
Martha and George Washington lived
during the First Presidency they just
called the president but before we could
invent a new nation
we needed to invent a new flag watch
your step ladies and so we've come to
meet the legendary lady they say did
just that welcomes my upholstery shop
friends my name is betsy ross join me so
but your ass worked in a shop and she
may drapes and her I to make mattresses
right to sleep on and I hang wallpaper
too but I heard perhaps you might have
come here today because you knew me for
making something else Betsy Ross is the
one who made the first American flat I
hope you can all keep it a secret now if
the wrong person would find out when I
was making any flags which are rebel
flags I would be accused of a crime
called treason and I would be in a lot
of trouble can you keep my secret I knew
I could trust you George Washington came
over to Betsy Ross's house with a few of
George Washington's friends says make
the flag and just do it secretly or she
would be a keys for treason so Betsy was
pretty brave when she started snipping
the stars for the first flag they asked
for 13 red and white stripes and 13
six-pointed white stars on a blue Canton
do you notice anything different about
the design that I made there's only five
points in this chart white right only
five point Gary batoon just nailed that
oh very good now I did not suggest these
only to be a rebel and truth they're a
lot easier to make it flowed in half and
then take that folded corner from the
bottom and meet it to the middle she
showed us how to make the five-pointed
star with paper now this is the last
fold and then with just one snip from
our scissors
five whoa
mine didn't turn out very well back to
you Ross was the one and only person who
sewed our first flag Betsy Ross
after all the sewing we had worked up an
appetite at Betsy's house
I thought chocolate land was going to be
like a new lane and you got to be like a
gingerbread person and hop on the
chocolate brother weather
no let's do fun the colonists were crazy
about chocolate drinking chocolate for
breakfast and at coffee houses where
they gathered a chat about the politics
of the day
my name is Mary Craig thorne I'm a
chocolate maker and mustard maker
sometimes buy chocolate has a little
taste of mustard in it
she got cocoa beans and he crushed them
first over fine powder
but even more importantly chocolate was
used to give energy to the troops start
crushing using the heat I don't know
what it's called it wasn't a grinder
hold on I'm just gonna call it like a
Rollie thingamajiggy Matata but top pay
chocolate doesn't spoil easily so it was
a popular military ration during the
Revolutionary War
wives sent it to their husbands fighting
on the frontlines I get to put all these
cool ingredients in like cinnamon or
like vanilla or cayenne pepper cayenne
pepper I hate that one and it was
originally thought to be you that for
medicinal purposes um the thought was
that more bitter something was the
better for you it was worse the wood
exactly he's a chicken you do drink it
is very thick Wow yes salut
this is very mature in the chocolate
that you're probably used to generate
very bitter she's really making yourself
cry it's really really really really
bitter
Betsy wasn't the only Philadelphian who
liked colonial chocolate more than us
her neighbor Ben Franklin Benjamin
Franklin another famous Patriot actually
sold the stuff at his print shop down
the street just one of his many ventures
ed looked awesome and that those
Benjamin Franklin's glasses
he looked super legit so guys we're here
in Franklin Square does anybody know why
it's called Franklin's work yeah because
it's named after Benjamin Franklin he's
also known for a few quotes that he had
one penny saved is a penny earned the
other thing was he was an inventor he
invented a rocking chair and did he buy
you're welcome Haley in addition to
those inventions
he also bragged about conducting one of
the most famous experiments in American
history
to test whether lightning contained
electricity took tight and put key on it
Franklin knew that metal attracts
electricity let's find some electricity
for my mom and dad heard it first and it
actually worked pretty well
the kitty and I flew the k-know and it
didn't work at all really
so I'm just gonna stick with gymnastics
by the way we don't think Ben Franklin
was really dumb enough to fly a kite in
the lightning storm
that would be really dangerous but it's
a good story
while tempting lightning was certainly
scary in 1776 Ben Franklin began an even
more dangerous experiment when he'd
helped draft the Declaration of
Independence a lightning rod for war
with the British it all happened here at
Independence Hall where representatives
from each of the 13 colonies gathered to
debate whether to break from the King of
England in July 1776 they were ready
this is where the Declaration of
Independence was adopted this is where
George Washington was named
commander-in-chief of the Continental
Army congratulation this is where all
the founding fathers that we've learned
so much about came to meet Madison
Monroe Washington Jefferson a Johnny D
thing give it up for Johnny D I think
thank you all for killing someone oh
yeah
Franken hey Benny Benny Benny a23 oldest
and wisest one well maybe older oh okay
why is this to Thomas Jefferson wrote
the first draft of the Declaration but
his friend Ben Franklin made one famous
change we hold these truths to be
self-evident that all men are created
equal we celebrate the fourth of July
the same day that they signed the
Declaration of Independence in that
building close out ladies and gentlemen
we're gonna give a warm detailee mix
history welcome to Philadelphia with a
John Hancock under this beautiful clock
tower
John Hancock signed his name really big
on the Declaration of Independence
Hancock knew those signatures would make
them all wanted men traders with the
price on their heads but he wanted the
British to know he was ready to die for
his freedom a bell at the top of the
tower rang out signifying to all that
the United States of America was born a
ring-a-ding day I thought I was gonna
just be like this tiny little Bell to
have like a little second it it could be
heard for many miles and we went to go
see that very Bell the Liberty Bell it
was like this big humongous Bell that
had like that big of a crack in it all
the way up as you can see I thought it
was gonna be like that what was so
special about that Bell is what it had
written on the side proclaim Liberty
throughout all the land unto all the
inhabitants thereof the words inscribed
on the Bell didn't just inspire the
colonists they became a reminder for all
Americans of their inalienable rights
forevermore
this spell meant a lot of things to a
lot of different people abolitionists
used those words on their quest to free
slaves during the Civil War and women
shouted those words years later as they
fought to gain voting rights women
rich woman go back then they couldn't so
it's a book for women and we all jumped
with joy that when women can vote now so
do you guys want to take a bell selfie
see your Bell face the signing of the
Declaration marked the start of a brutal
eight-year war the worst year was when
the British captured Philadelphia itself
and George Washington's tired and
freezing troops set up winter camp just
a day's ride away at a place called
Valley Forge welcome to Valley Forge
National Historic Park
pretty cool huh it's pretty amazing he
picked this place because it was super
strategic because he could still keep an
eye on the British who were based in
Philadelphia at the time but they were
far enough away that he could keep an
eye on their movements and kind of get
away or make a move if he needed to but
he can still keep an eye on them
George's wife Martha joined the general
and his troops here
so did Washington's Cook hannett's Hill
a slave whom Washington helped to free
at the end of the war in fact around 400
other women joined them at Valley Forge
to do everything from cooking food to
washing clothes to nursing six soldiers
to help them survive the cold are you
cold right now yeah Wow imagine how cold
it would be in the winter of 1777 Oh
much like it just may be even colder and
probably colder some of the soldiers
were so poorly equipped that they didn't
even have shoes oh my gosh I don't think
they had patriotic fleece blankets
either
cold was so bad that thousands of
soldiers actually died that winter many
others talked about deserting some
called us the birthplace of the
Continental Army because this is where
the soldiers were really whipped into
shape and came together as a world-class
team to take on the British war my nose
up I was trying not to whine a lot
because I felt really bad for whining
that is normally like 50 degrees but it
was very very cold and windy daddy they
didn't have any shoes and they were
outside and like ten degree weather we
got to snuggle by the fire it was
totally worth it to see that beautiful
sunset like something that you will
never forget and it was really pretty
and it was like orange with like a
pinkish and the sky it was from the
brutal cold of Valley Forge the American
troops emerged as a stronger army one
that would march on to defeat the
largest military in the world after
marching to victory delegates eventually
came back to Philly an Independence Hall
in 1787 to draft a new constitution to
create an even stronger United States
government the Constitution is the
highest law of the land so I thought it
would be pretty cool if we also sign the
Constitution what do y'all think about
that
so it looks peers here we have a
constitution in this tube here this
George Washington just so happened to
have the Constitution so we got some
quills and ink any tips or quills into
the ink to sign our names on to the
Constitution
of going
not time there were some girl names on
the Constitution
hey I got something oh yeah or I think
so
a potato or something I do it
alright now this documents will give
but a
