time for my morning y'all hey my car
didn't feel like it was in part we just
like lurched forward but it was me
knitting
you're so strong you move with such
force that no that's not it what is it
exactly that I'm fat oh stop oh stop it
how do you feel in this morning oh wow
not good huh okay let's go
okay all right the gym time to get Annie
dropped uh she's stuck
breakfast don't judge us she likes
mcdonald burritos yeah yeah yeah
burritos from McDonald's no we're taking
that in that was the pot pies if you
watch yesterday's videos you know if you
didn't he has a watch it you know why we
had pot pies in this bag um I thought we
were leaving who you texting to the boy
we get a better reaction when teasing it
Haley about that when we thought about
Haley liking boys she's like she's like
oh yeah she gets all oh okay
so change plans oh not good
what was the change of plans that oh I
thought you really were gonna say
something no I'm never that interesting
Haley when you're gonna bring someone
you have to tell me so I can film it and
you know you can't keep doing it it's
not a prank anymore it's really funny
even though it's funny you're like wait
is it really chocolate no yeah somehow
chocolates for water Haley got a
chocolate prank how would you actually
I'm Billy pranked mary-kate with it
you can't spray people are you doing
what you filming what
that's how Piper opens the door but it's
locked so she can't what are you doing
with that camera but you wanted to film
with this camera oh we were gonna give
her a really old retro camera okay it's
not that retro but what doesn't let wait
so what do you have there whoa
but what what are you gonna film on but
I mean what are you gonna film about
like a vlog that's exciting I can't wait
to see it is it for my channel what what
you can't give her no it's my footage
who didn't sign a contract dibs
I called dibs on all that footage gg-go
biter post post meeting choreography
just had a meeting a gymnastics meeting
and these girls are dancing it out what
words this comeback combo oh yeah you
guys had dance today well this one is a
it's it I think it is a movi but it's
one that goes no it's not a movie
it is cool though because I can find it
can you can lay it on those flat ones
and it will charge right what you know
the plug-in yes it's kind of like an
android android charger for an iPhone
and I just did it for the trip because
my case was I'm super nice haven't
changed so that meeting went well
it was elite me meeting possibility of
some little girls going to some elite
meet later on this season if they get
some skills
I mean why people on the TV show didn't
like what TV show oh when you guys read
a script for Nickelodeon cuz I mean they
didn't like you to me no they probably
just didn't want to go through with that
show because we could you guys ruined it
but it wasn't it cool they're like okay
with it it's all about the experience it
was a cool experience
don't you stress your mother do you need
the paper do you haven't it read like we
should add up memories see okay but
think if you ever do that again
I won't it be easy no won't be easier to
memorize you're like yeah it will be so
much easier and you guys have fun we
could hear you guys on there yeah I
really think we are peaking but it'll be
easier if you ever take that opportunity
again I'll be easy
Hey
it I'm so much fun but totally taller
she's having some of Ariel's okay so did
me I get a kitten when she hears 100,000
back was your mind now knows you're not
close so go and check out her channel
such a monotone oh don't meeting
adjourned
alright I've been demoted from lunch
maker one truth like he even gave you
directions that direction love dat heat
for 45 seconds and have a great day that
is so sweet of daddy but a good lunch
all right daddy's in charge of your
lunches nailed it see you at the hug
spot where's the hug spot um gutter
house we're not going to her house
alright so I don't know if you guys
heard but we're going on a field trip
tomorrow roads ropes course we got to
wake up really early like I know you're
gonna probably leave your house at 6:00
we gotta go eat some dinner and go to
bed
there's a hug spot I've got another
meeting spot
it's like this is private you this isn't
weird at all I promise this isn't weird
didn't have a Allison the whole don't
work out for pizzas on the right side
wait no wait I don't like that you like
that so I'm going to turn like this
you're about to leave that I enjoy this
Wow this is technical well I give you it
I give you a nine point two on the
technical side and execution execution
Oh Olli well smile oh I'm gonna give
that 90 mm oh yes let's see this
execution Oh Oh the whispering OH
Alexa that was amazing hey troll more
practice baby there you go oh hell
ladies and gentlemen we have your
champion huggers let's see what's going
on around here
homework homework homework that's it
guys that's what all the excitement's do
a little licking of the dishwasher
getting busted for it you know normal
stuff this is like not I didn't do
nothing she she knows we're waiting for
her to do it somewhere I'm cleaning the
kitchen we're preparing to go to bed I
mean it's quite the usual around here
quite the normal everyday life
what you're gonna post today here all my
music my deleted content whatever
Winnie's turn nah I don't come over here
I told Haley that she needs to ride a
little neater on the next round of
spelling she's writing her spelling
three times each tonight and the first
time around was kind of sloppy now I
love that I told you that when I got
home look at her
don't mind the one little spelling error
she got the wrong night spelling but
look how cruel is it no no oh yeah that
one too and this one what this night and
the night but I love her um
handwriting isn't that cute I look
little hearts over the eyes the night
one night I was reading a book like what
book this and I didn't say oh hey guys
so right now any feeling wishing today
the Georgian Bay is have you guys have
you done this tell me if you had another
channel what would it mean that's a good
one oh so for those that don't have a
channel and they're just watching
YouTube you can say what would you name
your channel look for ah hey dog hey dog
hey dog yeah hey I get it
hey dog is Haley hey dog I'm a dog
because I'm a dog person
Hey what's my next month what mean will
have been on YouTube eight years 18
years I think is you
our YouTube bursary oh okay so you can't
think of one right you know I've got an
idea
what why don't they suggest one not that
we're gonna but I'm gonna make one up
okay my idea apparently wasn't good
enough for an okay fine go ahead just
what would they name your channel they
could name it but ask me something with
the dogs in mine you have yours are
picky can you do it again no boy so
don't forget to come down below cuz we
run another question today is maybe
YouTube another you had another new
YouTube channel what would you name it
by your doodle always remember to
celebrate life ah baked potato baby
thanks for watching
Vitaliy
