time for me good morning kids it'll see
you good afternoon good evening tonight
I have never heard of that in my entire
life I've had a very long life I'm old
Shh
okay see we're here at the school this
afternoon picking up eight money money
well you see how she feels cuz she was
not feeling great last night I'm hoping
she feels better she has Jim tonight
which could be rough I can see her you
guys she's sitting there patiently
waiting for us to get her no that's just
like waiting waiting
she is parently waiting there's yeah
there's a little she got to get called
oh she's rolling her eyes that were in
the little car I could see it all
barrels she's like why did they bring
that huh I can't spread out so what am I
supposed to talk about at school you're
a vlogger are you a vlogger how was
school good what did you do
how are you feeling feeling you're gonna
say good and you changed your mind and
was it a rough day you still have a sore
throat yeah you have a fever you I doubt
it if you had a fever you wouldn't feel
really bad so you made it through the
day it's like six a six that back light
maybe you said hey wait wait you on the
wrong way so what do you have planned
for the day
big plans yeah you try to take over the
world and mm I keep trying to - she has
to shower you have gym today it's Monday
I just that's why I was hoping you felt
okay they can't got to make it through
practice because she missed practice
while we were in New York so we have to
get our round up back handspring back
right I still have it but miss crystal
your coach is spotting you just for
safety reasons so we're gonna make sure
that we get that back right is that our
goal this week maybe Nate but I got mine
back this morning you got yours back
this morning that's so good
are you gonna get yours back so that
daddy's up better than you at gymnastics
she could just growl about it that's
fine down
I dropped the rental car off today and
then I decided I would walk because
Katie wasn't ready to pick me up and I
have been walking no long time now I
said I think I walked about 2 and 1/2
miles so I'm getting closer and closer
to where she is she may not have to come
pick me up
I'm in the reflection
they think we're getting a more floor
like mad
to work on his back hamstrings that's
exciting
hey you look in this bag and you miss
Jill got your surprise here after
kinesics surprises miss Jill apparently
picks up the good pop right now we are
at the mall with Katie because we just
got done with Jim uh-huh and there's
nothing better than going to the mall
again nothing better okay and what
different accurate your friends better
hey guys oh wait have a volume pop
Samantha are you never going to the
candy store hey he was good hating
suppose did she get somebody really my
foot you go I'm never going into a candy
store with her again look what I walked
out with hi Paula Jose okay Palmer -
would tie it up so I wouldn't eat it and
they did I know a decided office a guy
under a table she escaped it Oh
chocolate-covered chips we need any are
going at a huge heart get well all of us
are going to target then I'm gonna go
over to Katie sauce okay I thought I
lost the favor of some dinner and asked
wait
yeah hi girls
now we're on target now we're on target
well I'm kind of on target I'm getting
whispered to I know I'm on target
wait go toward that name at all
oh this should be interesting
where you going with you
you're inside
Oh what I thought you a crop they are
fancy in a crow
I don't either
I will let them know hey target you here
that you can't do crafting you can use a
cup and a shot
hey we want to tell you something
we have a surprise for you too surprise
for you to know now we're going
somewhere well she knows where she's
going and you know where you were going
where you're going we're going in a
couple weeks
oh my family together you were like
they're going to grab that youtubers and
the cool youtubers and you all like I
didn't know I didn't know until today
when we figured out that we're both
going
like you do every other day you knew it
not this weekend but next the thing with
daddy that you're filming they're doing
it too
I'm coming okay guys I'm here just a few
come on Izzy oh if you want to know I'm
right here and I'm going to Katie's home
you can't see her but she's right there
anyways and it's so dark and it's only a
tooth fall I know it's crazy surging a
dog at like 9:00
and my mama went to go get Haley so we
don't have a lot of time which is sad
how can eat your chocolate with a
chicken behind you and fire and
watermelon pee no one's good
alright some more dramatic goodbyes I
came to get Annie yeah yep what oh yes I
get the good one yeah baby we have so
much more fun than I know my gosh Annie
let me just tell you about what we do
you think dude traffic screwed ah-so job
Katie would fix it for me uh yeah oh
yeah Katie I can make a pretty sick
chicken Ramon
Oh give me chicken parmesan across the
other night that sounds delicious you
have chicken and parmesan I do the
shopping
Annie we can make macaroni and cheese
BAM well we can make pumpkin bread we
can make me the man in this way we can
make truffles good hey Annie we're just
gonna call you pops or you got - jacket
that we doing oh that's a good idea wait
what does all my van together that's a
good idea every time Georgia yeah with
our horses in our face I'm Joey
what is it a bunny and ban the bunnies
and attend and the pigs me I got a car
really Wow
 this time really whatsoever and I
have a cop cough drop in my mouth
because I'm and I'm coughing and stuffy
no longer starting to get sick because
oh like the temperature changing concept
almost winter actually yeah simple truth
changing so the question of the day is
vegetables or fruit I would rather
fruits like fruits like grapes
strawberries cuz I laugh and I you
probably like fruits more because the
only one I know my vegetables I can eat
are like he knows but she can up so oh
the batter's always dead okay finish
this up so don't forget to come at all
I'll do that today specials approved a
hit we'll see you guys tomorrow bye
toodles
always remember to celebrate life ah
I baked potato baked potato baby
thanks for watching
Vitaliy
