this is so great so here's what we're
gonna do we're going to watch two
unreleased episodes of Britannia mix
history first we're going to go to
Virginia and then Pennsylvania and
that'll be about 30 minutes and then
we're gonna come out here and do a Q&A
about the show we are leave these guys
haven't even seen these final episodes
so do you are the first people to see it
so this is going to be really special
thank you thank you thank you thank you
this is my casual kind of like weekend
towards Washington full full attire I
think do you guys get baked potatoes so
many baked potatoes so you guys should
keep eating them let's let's roll over
all the episodes and we'll be back out
join thank you so much for being here
hey caveman
I guess you've heard starting very
beginning of our nation that is girl
names on the Constitution
all right guys party on here let's do
this thing
H money we got a before we do anything
else we got to give it up for YouTube
for hosting this party for we we called
them up and we're like hey guys we want
to throw a party and we want to have a
baked potato bar as they said fine but
only if there's dessert bar to head was
out there have a question did we look
cold in that last episode yeah something
like we had or sometimes we had to cut
because we were just like I can't feel
my fingers yeah and I don't know if you
guys know polyester but it's kind of
like the worst material ever and that's
what my costume was made out of and when
we started filming it was in the summer
so I was like dying of heat it was so
brutal and then when it got cold I was
like the coldest one so I was always
always struggling hey and I put heat
warmers in our gloves so whose costume
what more legit mine are jobs I'm just
saying
Branagh costume as a joke for me and we
were at Sturbridge Village which was
this like really intense Revolutionary
War reenactment where people go at camp
for like three days ear on me and like
make a little fire isn't that are
serious yeah and there later Marquart
historians and then I roll in in that
Halloween costume I got a lot of nasty
looks from the people that were like
really legit
we were like John I'm not sure you can
stay here they measure on your wall so
then Palio's like you're gonna wear that
tomorrow - right and I was like is that
a challenge and you know that's how
George Washington was born you know why
did you go through um I have three
George Washington costumes he we lost
one when I jumped in the river and there
was always an emergency one so yeah we
had three we had an East Coast war on a
West Coast one and then the the one that
got put in the back because it was all
wet from the river have you guys been
watching the show you've been watching
all the episodes which which ones have
been your favorite Jersey
it is kind of funny because we decided
to upload them in the order that we film
them because we didn't really totally
know what we were doing when we started
or how I was going to work so like the
show sort of evolves each time like the
costumes kind of changed like it gets it
like a little bit better and different
as it goes on
so that's that's kind of funny it's the
in check a while to you the Katie door
ones yeah you didn't wear until episode
eight or so hey so that if I can say
anything I want last time we all got
microphones except Katie and we promise
you have on this diamond doesn't work oh
we got a backup speech yeah so who here
thinks Katie was like behind you in a
place that you recognized your voice
you're so funny she gets voice
recognized we've been in elevators
before someone will get on they won't be
paying attention they'll turn on the
crystal button they shall say something
and they're like I'm not talking anymore
with when we were editing the show
initially um the a woman named Jean who
worked with us on it who is amazing she
couldn't be here today but she she
thought Annie and Haley should be the
voice overs and I was like you know
there's something about momma daily like
that voice is like it's soothing it's
the voice of the channel it's got to be
her and we argued about it and I won
so you guys like New Jersey you said
what you like about that one definitely
we did something like this at VidCon and
the one said a word so I'm so glad you
guys are like laughing and talking -
it's cool because everyone's why I like
pictures why are you or me you can do it
from other sides
New Jersey New Jersey because it's very
fun oh my god if you guys are really the
Yankee Doodle song
do you ever fully learn it so I thought
to go on record to say we knew the egg
noodle song all right Oh
every time he made up a different thing
to say when we got to the worst cookie
in Hilda the lines are good words yeah
yeah
someone might learn it though I remember
actually in New Jersey when I got it
wrong again that that nice woman from
the Vanier house gave me a look like
really help you messed up in a pool at
my house
but yeah I stood up in other words do
you guys like the theme song I'm really
into it my friend
Damon Kyle me back like a long time ago
actually it was when President Obama
first got inaugurated I asked a bunch of
my friends that are musicians to record
fun versions of patriotic songs because
I just thought it'd be cool and that was
one of the ones that came out of it so
all these years later
Yankee Doodle is soaring again so but
you guys are rocking out to it the it's
a good one one day those guys will put
out a whole album there also I want to
do a question today okay what's the most
embarrassing thing that's ever happened
to you
so last Halloween she dressed up as a
Rubik's Cube right and she was a miss
box the whole time she was like look I
could write it and she went and she
tripped over her dog it goes right on
her face
I'm sure so hard on the costume when
they made it themselves and then just
completely went flat when she felt all
my first musical is allowed to leave
them you're not believing we don't hear
things that you want to see it's
embarrassing oh hey tiny
have you guys get an answer what's your
most embarrassing moment this is one
time I had to wear this polyester
costume what it public applauds for
months you know I I think I got
desensitized to that pretty quick the
looks and stuff we were confident we
started around especially in New York
don't care as you can you can do it
every
ask questions yeah what was your
favorite colony guys
whoo that's a good question he said she
likes okay good everyone if you can live
in one colony like the Cybermen if you
live in a colony right now what would it
be for you okay so if we don't live in
the colony which one would be so by if
we had to live in the colony then which
for me is I'm question I really liked
going to New Hampshire and I have a
secret to tell you guys there actually
is in a New Hampshire episode we hold so
much stuff in Massachusetts and we we
were going to film more stuff than your
Hampshire when we were there but we had
promised Haley that we would go get ice
cream
for dinner and it had been a really long
weekend and we decided to stop filming
and go get ice cream and we told
ourselves we go back and we just never
did so there's two massachusetts don't
tell anyone
and almost after every episode we would
go after every episode that we felt we
would go out to get ice cream Haley
likes ice cream question I think it
would not the question oh if you could
live in any covert well um I'd say
Georgia hmm
oh my god you're ruined
yeah whatever that probably for dinner
Leia
okay so next question what is your
favorite skill to do a gymnastics
once I love you guys okay
favorite still I like dance
one of the halves on floor oh okay I
like press man stands and racket for you
so we we have a little more than five
minutes left so I have enough time for
you guys to all you photos and stuff
after so just keep that in mind we're
gonna wrap it by your question round
what was your least favorite carnival oh
I didn't have one I'm like anything
funny probably at the time it'd be um
when the cold winter weather it is or
today really cold but now oh okay what
was your favorite activity they didn't I
loved when we were like making this book
thing this little book color thing Oh
like a watercolor yeah color bum cover
my favorite part is when you hit the
little thing and it hits ball what are
like three things that you want to do in
your life like your three goals
oh we looked it up they won't let her go
until she's 60
what about you Haley besides ice cream
for every meal Toby oh yeah that was
mine
we'll come back tonight what if you
think of art sing on a stage well go
ahead no oh that's why wasn't it
what's your favorite song oh oh and yes
by the way she before I put it up I
wouldn't do that what inspired you to
come up with the name for tailee Haley
was was was the key word and we were the
name of that had we known that it was
just a joke whoops
would you rather have your hair
straighter Carly oh oh come on curly
cool kinda straight even though I wear
up Italy a lot just because when it's
curled done as long and I don't like the
hair very short
oh yeah what is your least favorite move
in gymnastics anything that you wanna be
favorite scale okay um it just depends
on the day
okay there's a little secret I am scared
of when on I guess now on the beam for
scared just like part of you straddle
the B right yeah
Jarrett's pills double it round off dis
nah alright would rather do series or um
a leap on the beam okay last question
and very
okay I'm gonna hand this off to my
sister cause she's like so obsessed you
guys oh what's your favorite ice cream
flavor is mint chocolate chip my
favorite I like the chocolate sprinkles
whoa do you guys remember the ice cream
park in the New York episode when Haley
asked the head of political strategy for
Hillary Clinton to get free ice cream to
everyone
she said she'd take it straight to the
top we'll see her dude do you guys have
anything else you want to say before we
we head on back and take some photos
Haley
do you wanna join our site a poem or
sing us a song Haley
ah
thank you guys so so much for coming and
hang out of this we're gonna be here for
a while in the back so everyone will get
a chance to come say hi to these guys
and grab a photos we need to sing happy
birthday oh your birthday Carly right
here hello are you gonna be four you
want to pick up any of us on Saturday
ready one two three
number two celebrate life ah
baked potato
babe ah thanks for watching Vitaly
