hola cuz your hair you tell your mommy
what's happening oh it's so good to see
you
oh yeah what's going on
ah yeah let's color cold in here
is it 100g better than Santa my shirt
nice tie
hey listen murder burger America Eagle
Eagle yes taking that is wrong gun and
plane and see in here I brought this too
but not the whole top Oh represent
that's fair
oh my goodness so why do you America
doesn't have he goes he has a bald
eagles I'm sorry
can you see Annie I had all this stuff
in a bag in my closet and I felt like
we're doing love it look at this weird
thing you guys are very sweet
where's the friend
what's that thing look at this weird
thing Eagle hotel room alright my friend
time to eat where's breakfast
a little trouble with breakfast this
morning they did not like right
cooperate with us room service
yeah they just didn't wanna yeah I don't
think they wanted to cook for us so I
think it is on its side yay
breakfast finally got here hmm someone's
excited yes you want me yeah no I'm
sorry
the Belgians what war Americans not
Belgians oh my
I've got enough room in this one room
she had some eggs benny see how that
berber daily makes history she likes a
deokman you should be ashamed of you
thanks Benny right George good to taste
Belton wrong likes a steak Bennett of
course she does that's why we told her
to order it no cuz Dave's not meant for
breakfast
what submit for damn then why is it on
the breakfast menu because they're crazy
it's literally on the breakfast menu of
every hotel we get you well it's not a
breakfast meals
Vegas is a dinner portion everybody in
the comment section go tell Sydney how
wrong she is so we're hanging out in the
hall I mean because that's what you do
in New York and the others are pretty
much hanging around for one or two it's
only 24 floors we take the steps we
should probably take the steps at this
point you might all get dizzy and barf
up our breakfast that's okay
the good thing is on the way down
gravity all these hops usually do the
one where you do this okay repeat after
me beautiful
I am agape I'm gonna go and get these
dot smile and go for Josh Lyman but I do
the art now smart oil go to go get your
smile bar do a mover ain't got big don't
smile yes
order what I do oh wait for us we want
to come too
oh yeah this is the elevator that opens
on the other side when we get down like
a big surprise okay we're not filming
all the way down no one wants to ride
all the way down to the ground oh yeah
Nate everybody live bitch I know why
people would we're gonna get along even
moving it oh there we go
I feel like live they would want to
watch this I don't think they want to
watch us for our vlog oh yeah daddy's
embarrassing you yeah it is it's a
little chilly out face cold there's
neither behind
don't run into anything here we are yeah
no she wants me to film my protege who
knows I mean look at this is like cool
you guys this is beautiful
are you having a very important meeting
no grown-ups at your meeting no
grown-ups at your meeting can't live
with them can't live without them every
time you move on something someone here
looks it up for you and then send back
they actually like a monkey they
actually research it and you may return
here this is really cool I have an
office building this is what its gonna
look like
one day guys oh no what I need an office
building for oh my goodness welcome to
your green room everybody Wow
do you feel at home in here George this
is the coolest blaze in the world
religious mile huh
can you please solve world's problems a
whole world this is a beautiful ok we
need pictures and I mean he's pretty
legit yes get comfortable Hayley you got
a lot of important business meetings
today first visit order of business
order of business to answer the
telephone yeah I'm kidding oh then you
can't be present you look good there ok
Annie for president sure sorry what did
you do I did
everything wrong oh wait a second
you're packing heat I call the police
hello piggy look good in that mask oh
I've thought the eyes were here so it
looked like I was peeking picking my
nose are you calling him what would you
do with that phone ring answer I'd be
like president who we don't hear very
official what I would like to talk about
is my presidency okay oh that's the word
what will you do for the people um I
will give my scream I scream and make
what will you do for the world and make
sure that no one was oh I thought she
was gonna go for the wig she was she
went for the jacket you don't like this
jacket
no how you do feel the materials look
it's like it's like crazy very fitting
crazy and weird
now you she just bringing you random
items all right so we are waiting for
this party to get started they're
letting people in and then we're gonna
eat baked potatoes and watch two
episodes party down hands hands on the
desk we're taking things off the wall
we're gonna get kicked out there's a
rule that if it's your own portrait
you're allowed to touch it duh everyone
knows that okay everybody's grabbing a
prop we're gonna do weird music leave
again where's your pop hey hey I've got
it oh there it is
our last weird one he did feature
recently you're back in the day back in
the day is a Oh Mike not today no so
your way through everybody grab a prop
are we did what song we're doing all the
music special resilient the jaw you need
to take a chair take the president no
John g0z
I'll meet up or sign in this picture
real quick
Tommy like we're gonna be on here we
pick my spot
all right ready yeah go meet some
people's hug some people sign some stuff
you
say hello to Madeleine and Abby
the examples I'm marking someone you're
blind
but to where all right everybody's on
their phones that can only mean one
thing that the fun fan meetup is over
Billy's posting silly things don't
forget your eagle head yes
I guess I'll comfy coming back for this
have you seen your dog and this cool so
don't know how they did it they said
they they took baby makes history um she
know they took screenshots turning them
out and then put some paste over that's
neat
now we're gonna go get a bite to eat
yeah man yeah we met everybody we
watched pertain Lee makes history
episodes that weren't even out yet yeah
not our place that's the wrong office
this is the Oval Office oh we got John
Dee and uncle Mikey John you're trying
all you King buddyfight on the corners
of New York City
some nice person gave us putty and it's
the coolest putty and the world he gave
me this night she loves you that is love
ah the sounds of the city take it all in
so where we going right now Madre we are
going to the Empire State Building okay
I don't know dinner and then what spleep
seeing all the cool things that you
booked on it we came home with a lot of
stuff thank you everybody for coming
here and you're camping in the Statue of
Liberty to me we are yeah reserved the
top there we go there okay that's right
no you were a pilot yeah I'm
multi-skilled
okay we got our private plane out there
why did you even bring that cuz I'm a
ninja
why didn't do it did I explain all of it
you have time I do you music oh my good
stars and strong do you see that Paula
she's one man is this the perfect awk to
my mind we're probably the very first
time we talk about your underwear
yeah Stars and Stripes this whole
patriotic thing isn't just it's in the
blood it's in though on that note
everybody get out of the hotel room
we got paparazzi heroes like Lighting's
really good and he just realized picture
of what we're doing
we're on 86 and we're going up to my
dojo
Haley I made a decision you're in charge
all right so I'm going to need you to
take control take bullying thank you dr.
Bailey can you handle them don't push
any buttons that kind of in charge
really bless it
she's busted you but guess where this
elevator just spit us out
the gift shop talk your daddy said
working at six days sick yeah Billy that
was nice you let us see letting them get
six things each Johnson that's so nice
six three watch the body of the baby
what hey yo you live right daddy
okay what's your favorite steak okay my
favorite state is Texas
oh yeah Texas um Harris
well ye although I haven't been there
I'm going there in a few years and then
we really exciting yeah all right so
don't forget to comment down below cuz
we were never quite in the day's what's
your favorite State we will see you guys
tomorrow
number two celebrate life ah
database database thanks for watching
Vitaliy
