time for Kayleigh hey guys right now I'm
heading to school and it's the last day
that I'm gonna be here for the weekend
week weekend um because we're going to
New York
I'll open doors but bratayley makes
history okay there's two things I love
with this it's perfect so what are you
um am i doing a quiz and quizzes are fun
for me quizzing you they're quizzing me
on words yeah is it vocabulary yeah if
you know what the words mean or you
don't know how to spell the word you
just have to know how to spell the words
give me one word on your on your quiz
no no's word like i know like not as in
the noise good knowledge of and grandma
grandpa grandma and grandpa are you
ready to go to a your weekend getaway at
the spa yeah we booked you at this
luxurious kennel I'm guys ready to go oh
I think that's it yeah you talked to
Winnie she thinks you're saying jump on
me Winnie alright gotta get your leashes
on take your clothes off they think
these are their clothes their collars oh
my gosh when he panics
okay so girls are gym in school and
Billy and I are taking the dogs to their
weekend getaway cuz we are going to in
get off me Winnie NYC we're going to
bratayley makes history screaming party
with a hundred of our best friends not
all of our best friends because not all
of our best friends can make it come on
this car from the dog would never jump
before she won't even walk on to the
boat I know but she'll jump in the car
you'll guys she loves go in the car
she's so happy
Winnie Winnie
when did you get to go she's not he'll
look at me she's afraid I'm gonna get
her out when II do get to go in the car
she's like alright let's go look at
their other heads you guys we got cute
pups ratchet oh my gosh is that Sydney
surprise Sydney's going with us I don't
think we announce that but there she is
we're going to get Annie and soon she'll
be sitting over there sitting right here
yeah and I like hailey stop smack
position right there it's gonna be fine
work we're heading to New York City
we're gonna meet up with John G and Miss
Paula said these mom's coming what else
what else we're gonna have a party
tomorrow but Taylor makes history party
Natasha's coming cool talk about
Halloween costumes discussion we got
Annie from Jen I knew want to be peanut
butter jelly right we should be sloppy
what are you gonna be gonna be 104 when
we did the Winnie the Pooh he's in a pod
Oh oh my gosh I know what you guys can
all go as like Claire no and he was
rolling right Sidney was like at least
giving me like you know
she was humoring me um I don't know
lots of discuss we should dress up our
fingers and enjoy this um we could be
something or peanut butter and jelly
um ham and cheese it could be one a
Piper and Gigi I hope me not be waiting
no one's ruining poor win never like
give my place I am giving you some great
costume layer and William Piper honest
and Rodriguez was a three-person costume
school trust more persons the
marshmallow one person's a chocolate
everywhere since around that's cute not
see four people because they're asked me
to Grand Park that's true yeah he goes
what about the steak I said the snake
she goes yeah stick everyone up up a
fire and then that is like I'm like like
whoa Haley well what were you this
Halloween I was a stage so we are going
to get there about 9:30 tonight we need
to pee well maybe later we're hitting
some traffic
a little bit I think break light and
then we've been on the road for about an
hour we've been singing we've been
musical league okay why should we be for
Halloween
Oh tad mouse in here they can be you
guys give me a horse together then you
got me the foreigner ha ha ha hey do you
want to be the horses booty oh oh yeah
I'll brushing it home Hayley what do you
want to be for hey Liam you're gonna be
all for Christmas what if I will let's
dress up for Christmas and go knocking
on people's doors no it's not funny
I'm funny oh that was not funny Annie
not funny bunny I don't know if that
made it to a video like it was
embarrassing moment I'll be like I don't
you made they built or handmade an
amazing rubik's cube a B that's not nice
and said tripped in it crushed it you
don't remember last year for Halloween
my dog I was so excited I could run in
my room remember Hayley the room you
don't remember no but I would save all
the class title I don't think there's
anything shoes and she was only big
speech
no I was like a bozos new people play
roadtrip stop number one stop number one
and our only stop
yeah can you cuz we're almost and like
it our totally just kidding yeah why
don't they 950 because we're stopped
it's gonna get higher and higher
yeah longer we're here well then go
quick you just could take your time
Annie you're laying in like my god
all right have fun guys we'll see you in
the city okay we're coming in I'm just
teasing
quit quit stealing other people's lyrics
and make up your own mark knowing it got
a mute the audio guys for this handshake
that they've been working on 30 more
miles to go yeah
okay and we have one that destroyed is
short like it like say hey okay friend
same thing
I got a great idea
yeah Billy put this on your channel so
you saw the muted version if you want to
go see what they were doing you got to
go check it out that was cute
that's what they've been doing guys on
this road trip and Haley's asleep back
there
here we are mini elevator Hailey's
asleep and I mean actually not sleep now
but she was asleep so she's a little
cranky you're gonna get in the room and
party you guys ready for the traditional
hotel to work Oh anyone laughs our guys
it's New York tiny okay come on in
welcome to the tiniest room you've ever
seen in your whole entire life Oh got
everything you need a bed a TV and a
bathroom what more could you need oh my
gosh I could not live in you should I'm
going to say super duper big WOW Z's but
the view the view is pretty good yeah if
this trip good night hailey this tour is
not gonna take your long bed bed desk oh
yeah H&M lots of suitcases that are in
the way and a bathroom the backgrounds
not horribly sized for such a small room
okay that's the extent of that all right
we got two rooms right next door to each
other they love the same they're both
boasts exactly the same oh goodie basket
sigh wait I was doing like that you know
no I don't think I'll just go say trust
fall it's not gonna be any worse than a
bat club on the pool
just trust trust in the bed okay let's
remember those people understand
daddy's a party the room so small they
can barely fit the two beds Annie
yeah this is probably the smallest New
York hotel we have ever stayed in not
knocking it no not really big we've
stayed in one that's yeah we stayed in
one that was pretty big and then a few
really small ones but they are really
kind of cool
it's bug kicking her out I'm ever by
myself yeah
no no bring your bag in here yes I'm so
small have enough oh baby I don't I feel
like this many it is very cozy it's
quaint
I fresh baked you some cookies while you
guys were in the hallway
oh not it contains walnuts
what is that no it's a dollar do you
want a cookie hey or you want to sleep
I'm gonna read you - okay - see I fresh
baked them all you guys are outside oh
my bad are they raisin talked up chip
raisin walnut remove you know Haley's
tired when she's not getting cookies
thank you so we're just hanging out here
until SIDS mom gets here
um in about 45 minutes
oh just hanging out in the hotel room
okay finally settling down to the night
they entered for the night the energy
level has gone from cray-cray to sleep
sleep John G didn't come over we'll see
him tomorrow I got a good question today
what's your favorite snapchat filter oh
the puppy dog dog dog I like the bunny
hmm and he and I did lots of bunny that
was my favorite I wasn't evil bunny
wait now Annie was the evil bunny
because she look so cute with a filter
oh you're her mom's almost here yay say
hooray okay guys we got a big day
tomorrow
okay so comment down below favorite
snapchat filter bye see you tomorrow
remember to celebrate life babe
thanks for watching Vitaly
