good morning grace Anna I'm tired but
I'm leavin girl late like when we go to
lunch I'm just gonna go in luncheon call
I'll Drive ya miss little Fanny can't go
to sleep at night she hasn't been
sleeping so she went to bed really late
last night we just got to the gym and we
decided because we're so well I'm not
tired I finally slept this is good I
wouldn't say great but I'd say good and
Annie still don't have a good night fall
asleep that late yeah probably the same
time you did know probably about one
like you did but I don't need as much
sleep as you and I slept once I was
asleep I slept pretty good I did so we
decided that Annie is just gonna miss
afternoon practice today we're under
school at home and I'm just gonna take a
nap but the rule is she has to lay in
her bed an attempt to really go to sleep
no no you can really get out of the car
though and go to gym alright so we've
created a neat pile of boxes into a
messy pile of trash and we're just
playing we're not getting much done
that's Hailey's but um we gotta put the
legs on it because it would not be much
of a desk like that
no it's like Japanese style right catch
yeah you are and then you'll play a
plate yell at the kids when they break
something
Oh typical um
so bad news the hutch isn't here yet
there's a hutch for that I know it'll be
kind of easy and then we'll be refreshed
yeah go ahead
this is legs legs legs box did you get
there's not hardware isn't here hey I
don't know I don't work I know I did so
um the girls are not here right now
yeah scarus winning yeah Annie's at gym
I'm gonna go pick her up early like she
told you guys this morning
Hailey's at school yeah we all see you
rolling your eyes she's tired she can't
sleep at night
sounds easy isn't doesn't it so we're
gonna put these legs on the desk the
legs from the legs box right where our
arms go they didn't in his an arms box
look at him buddy
she's gonna love it sitting the buddy
Jer just wait till she doesn't like
mommy I know and her rooms pulled full
of bunnies a month she better go a year
or two I'm not buying new furniture for
like ten
hey guys so I came home early and I
already told you guys this but I just
did a bunch of ski and then I'm gonna
come now I'm gonna go up in my bed and
you know try to go to sleep she's gonna
ask this I found and yes see that good
job good longer sad took a blogger
that's I say I could add to telefilm if
it is such a good blogger omar jay
yeah a tired yeah but I don't want to
walk upstairs oh that was the deal in
your bed we know shut God
I don't want to go anymore
I'm not our daily homework ritual Haley
spelling studying for spelling I've got
my red pin because I know I'm gonna get
to mark your paper all up so I just gave
her a QC yeah a test oh you've got
Nutella all over your face but that's
okay yeah so cuz she's got a spelling
test tomorrow be nothing she's got a
spelling test tomorrow so we're seeing
if she's ready any word that she gets
wrong she's got to write two more times
so man here we go
song s Ong truck is almost right Haley
you just put the you first need to put
the offer well your teachers not gonna
know that okay she's gonna write that
one two more times my pen is not working
very well nee NIT no-knock night
penknife grandma grandpa good the only
suggestion I have is make sure your ends
that line does it look like an eight
those are better so it's okay those are
better than they were yesterday
yesterday they look like HS so you need
to write truck two more times and say it
out loud
so you don't make that silly mistake
tomorrow ah you don't want that to be
the reason yet good job
alright so Annie's laying in her Shh
oh yeah Pied Pipers trying to get a bit
I think that he's on a phone call out
there and he's laying down at a mess
gushy splish um Piper Oh miss klegg
Piper she's now trying the other door
she's gonna she's determined to find an
unlocked
I'm probably gonna go to the movies with
my sister and I'm gonna goin to Mary
Kate we're Mary Kay with Mirren key if
Mary Kate's available you can if not you
get daddy and he's not he's not as fun
Mary hated he doesn't like it he's not a
silly as Mary King yes right now we are
in the table and Annie's getting a
little snack and she's an egg and she
just thought of this really good
question all today that's really um Nick
and Annie I cannot say it that Mike
okay go so I spoke up the minute um so
the question of the day is if you and
your choice between apple or banana
which one would you choose
okay he's gonna answer a banana cuz I
was made with Road I see bananas because
we have chocolate syrup with foot I ate
it all but we had chocolate syrup and I
usually for a fun fat banana food that's
hurtful
fun fact banana food I called it that
and you getting some bananas you chop
them up you put either Nutella or
chocolate syrup yes and then your banana
you need some two pieces of bread or you
can have one and fold it over when you
have the news over and it loves is like
love sneeze on a bagel you really can't
like it's your decision if you want to
bagel yeah you don't have to you don't
have to heat them up and I love it
already yeah you like you put the
stuffing is just eating she's gonna have
a sugar rush when she goes to bed and
she took a nap so she's never gonna go
to sleep if you like chocolate mm-hmm
like I do knit but Annie likes a little
chocolate on her things
not me tell
mom chill I used to hate you time she
used to hate you tell she would be like
why are you eating her that I'm like
girl girl why you ate an apple you can
either just invite it or you could do
the classic phone maybe the phone
I love the fold so they can see the fold
because I already saw that hmm okay and
how you do this you can do it
the top to the OT ring I'm folding it's
easier to oh yeah you're so this is what
it looks like and we're gonna film Andy
taking a bite this is yours
it's awfully tape just film yourself
doing it okay time tastes like some
worse so don't get to come in the middle
because we were the questions they get
the choice between eating an apple a
banana which one would it be
I choose Niarchos Nutella locator your
answer by five number to celebrate life
baked potato babe
thanks for watching the daily bonus
video came home from my movie to find
this someone's up from her nap she's
doing some more school it's the way to
end a night oh and they want to does
your teacher say how much a paragraph is
make a paragraph three to five sentences
I would imagine hey happy fall y'all did
we say that yet it's fall today's the
first day winter I know
hey why yes follows my favorite spring
your favorite is all like pretty color
yeah and he's probably gonna be up all
night so I don't know if this nap was
worth it but it was worth a shot to try
to get back on schedule hey Winnie you
want to come in oh you do okay
so happy follow y'all and we'll see you
tomorrow
we're going to New York City tomorrow
you forgot after gym we're headed for
bratayley huh right after practice we're
headed for New York City what's the
whole day you're going to practice all
day and then Saturday we're doing a
bratayley makes history
fan fan event we're tailee makes history
screening so yeah we're gonna be like
eating baked potatoes and watching a
hundred let's big titty bar huh oh I
didn't think of that witty doner nibble
bites John JSON of that you know like
Winnie and so then um yeah we're doing a
Q&A watching unreleased Forte Lee makes
histories
good yeah I don't know she's almost done
with week what for that's exciting
okay enough of this bable bable bable
ness we've got to go
