I've never heard irritate you leo but
actually this leo is on Pluto right now
so you should check that out link is in
the description it is on pre-order right
now and it will be shipped by Christmas
so that's gonna be a really good
Christmas present time for me it's time
for school
well actually I've been dance cool for
like how long now oh wait never mind
they're asleep
um so they were up here giving me
spelling tests and runs my spelling test
I got 100 100 they're free there's that
bad there's my mum and dad my desk and
yeah while did school they're gonna
sleep what fancy pantsy did it all by
yourself
Annie just came down I woke up from my
nap and she was getting ready for gym
like a responsible little girl
oh you're primping in front of the
mirror no actually I tried to do it in
front of the mirror and they did art
because I was looking in the mirror and
I was like you know what I'm just not
gonna read the mirror if I did in
Singapore so I went over here and I
wasn't her whipped it up so I can't do
it anything like so done does it I feel
it's like you just yeah how much school
did you get done on this beautiful
Wednesday morning I got all of language
and two things in a week three of
language is complete and wait no week
for know all of all of week three is
done we're a week behind
I have supposed to be on week three this
week this is what it be three yeah
you're to be done with week three
yeah maybe very good you were able to
complete a week of school in two weeks
while we were gone I don't think that
was too bad I feel like I'm still
jet-lagged like I've done school school
school school school school
goodie Jim you yeah I feel like no
matter what I do I can't sleep at night
and then I'm tired in the morning like
I've tried not sleeping taking naps to
get over this jetlag and I can't go to
bed at night and so then I'm like forget
it I'm gonna take a nap so I took a nap
yesterday couldn't sleep last night I
woke up again in the middle of the night
I was like I'm not getting another bed
just gonna stay here and go to sleep
actually help we're about to go into the
gym and and and area so what her goals
today to the gymnastics gymnastics for
your goals and your lipsticks today
we're stuck I last of us and then what
about your vault perfect as been doable
yeah are you ready for love wait yeah
for sure
hey ready for Lebanon
is that I know I'm headed to the Apple
store because Katie was restoring the
computer and now it says that it doesn't
work anymore
so let's see if they can fix it when
you're late to pick your child up she
gets stolen
I shop for me for once I only bought
like Haley like one shirt and like an
and I know I value a man yet I bought
some clothes for me but then I'm late
because every time I go to that store I
won't name any names I always have
trouble checking out same until I was
late I'm standing there and I'm like I
said all right I'm little bit of time
and I get to the checkout and I'm like
I'm gonna make me late you guys have a
good practice
oh yes Katie you can drink - okay thanks
Annie
I mean I asked her so many times she
must get irritated so I just go right
ahead irritated I asking go that's - she
doing the laundry Bella school as I kind
of thing I give Katie water but she
loses it
Annie's responsible so then he gets a
drink Annie's water that's all I ask
um bring my bird Haley wanna come
tomorrow because instead
he wants to see your daily water just
really cute school days like four weeks
they learn a playdate I mean a school
days they're fair game they're begging
your school day and they realize it is
so cool and another like latex
hey wait wait maybe I'll give you my
nature Valley that's a lot
I think I have five dollars in my bag
but if you're already gonna say yes then
I'm leaving my wife I don't know what
I'm gonna say this five dollar sounds
intriguing
does that mean you have to eat dinner by
yourself it does mean I should have any
Chipotle yeah you know it wasn't we were
gonna go to firehouse okay I'll go watch
Haley at practice that's okay we're
really fine please what eyebrows broken
my heart if you say no but if say yes
say yes but I don't like heartbroken
yeah oh hello do you have her school no
bring her school
oh it's 8:30 oh is it yeah hey Ryan
wait actually 37 8 37
oh it's not time to go at 8:00 or Gavin
oh so I'm late again Annie for another
day when I really Ryan in my himself
it's time to get ready for bed he might
be able to hold a home alone but not
under my watch
hmm why you bought so my damn yard a
don't tease my dog you guys we were home
from a long day and I just realized I
need to find those question of the day
cards that we got while we were in
Malaysia
Annie spied some cowboy boots the other
guys yeah oh my god okay ready ready
wait not a cat
your there's nothing agile about you
kill this guy she's just scared it she's
scared of everything
I was loud Oh
pick a card any card 20 which one mini
pick card excited pick a card
take a card all right she licked the
bottle okay
would you rather lose your sense of
taste and smell or lose all of your hair
Oh taste and smell or lose your hair oh
yes we could wear a wig and no I think
it means lose your hair forever
I could wear away I would not I don't
know I don't know I know if I couldn't
see your smell no taste or smell I like
food too much so I'd rather lose my hair
we've all rocked the bald look well
she'd rather lose her hair actually she
doesn't even taste anything that's true
he does be such a pig this is the
difference between the dogs those two
erv they're playing and this one's right
here begging Opie and like how about we
do one more no one a day what a day I
got the tune in tomorrow to get the next
one
all right my friend it's been a long day
so did my handle missing we already
talked about that
on camera or is that just without the
camera I can't remember sometimes when
we're filming or not memory loss memory
loss okay you're getting old excuse you
you hear me yes my ledges you move I
so guys you know what to do if your
first time watch her subscriber they
can't understand you you have to speak a
little bit clearer get to comment down
below cuz we want another car somebody
is would you rather lose all your hair
forever or your taste and smell forever
my number to celebrate life
 baked potato
thanks for watching
Vitaly
