good morning we're we are headed to the
airport on this bright and sunny Monday
morning cold
whoopsie-daisy help her cut it it fell
yogurt well it was empty empty ish was
all the way behind all right Houston la
here we come
can I get a please seat warmers on we're
literally headed to the airport right
now we are packed we are locked and
loaded and in a couple hours we'll be in
Houston in a couple more hours after
that they'll be in LA and then we'll
meet up in LA in a couple days all a
couple things yep and then yay Annie you
ready to be back on tour are you buckle
Annie buckle Haley yeah all right but
the journey begin okay so update time
we're at the airport clearly
and two different confirmation numbers
because they're going the California and
we're going to Texas today we already
dropped our bags off now their daddy and
Haley are dropping their bags off so
we're just waiting then we get to go
through security
yay security look how cute they are can
you see them
Haley than the purple sweatshirt up
there or does aunt Melissa and mary-kate
and Danielle Bieber in my way oh well
you see I'm up there done here they come
that was fast I feel like that was
faster than ours all right to security
you got it like a pro you guys I'm gonna
miss that face that one right there you
see that face Oh daddy just realized
something
or it did and you left them whoops
what does reprint somebody can go try to
pretend to be Haley Leblanc
going to Houston Texas oh yeah they
can't pretend to be Haley LeBlanc but
probably not without an adult hurry
let's go through the gate before they do
I don't think they can I don't know how
that works you don't have to have an ID
but an adult would and an adult will has
to have an ID so it'd have to be a kid
trying to get through the adult that I
was already going with the same name
probably yeah I've seen stranger things
happen than that you thought I seen
stranger things period all right it's
time it's time to part ways
yeah it's just three days and you can
hang out with your friends and stuff
Haley we all right yep found that all
right story time we're sitting here at
our gate and Danny texted me and he says
oh my gosh I think I lost left the
camera and I thought I really I was like
at home or I know lighting the bad so
here's what my here's all I know my mom
is texting with my dad and I'm on my
phone is looking at Instagram she looks
over to me and she's like I'm into any
and I'm like boy and the Chili's
well apparently daddy had left the
camera at Auntie Anne's his Haley was
getting intense and I guess somehow he
left on the table or left on the counter
somehow and he's already on the plane
when he realized already on the plane
we're like she's my mom was like we have
like about five more minutes till we
board now it was 15 minutes when she
left
but she's like oh and did was it on the
counter admit I asked like yes I said
did someone leave the camera and the
lady was like oh yeah I thought was a
guy like it was but he's already on the
plane now
sorry I did not expect to get at that
but so this is their camera so I just
wanted to say when there's no footage of
Haley and Daddy you guys know why
because we have their camera for the
next several days you can bring them oh
we're gonna see them yeah but he said it
to us but this is where she goes like a
big girl into the world where a dude to
her like we used to do that all the time
she's got a camera with her she doesn't
her so it's fair all right well like you
can blink Amy if he doesn't oh yeah okay
so you can bring daddy a really macam
but we've got it cameras back yeah we're
gonna be bored in and like people are
already lined up there beyond in Houston
a couple oh we're gonna see aunt Melissa
probably tomorrow tonight maybe tonight
and mary-kate they're coming to the
concert I'm gonna turn the beat up with
this camera I gotta get it mommy mommy
I'm programmed
I wish mommy now she has to camera three
Susanna's got
and we have zero shirt filming honestly
blame hailey
always remember that she's got a filmer
vlog when i pull the camera / - how do
you guys like part 1 and did you watch
it oh and thanks Haley hit a million
think I'm gonna make everybody on her
behalf
you think everybody got hurt man thanks
thank my guys are getting Haley to a
million awesome she was so excited when
I told her oh okay it's really cool you
get a million black know it takes a
while we can submit right now I'm
similar I got a nice fatty of identity
that is amazing alright here we go
Houston we will see you soon
here's your phone we're just a little
unorganized right now so I'm gonna hold
up that's what she was trying to get out
her camera houston we have arrived and
so of some of our bag
one down three to go and we know the two
more are coming we haven't seen our last
one yet no three of our four bags have
gotten here and my last little tote bag
is not here yet and they came out pretty
close to each other and now it's just
like crickets yeah but people are
disappearing quickly come on little bag
we're looking for the black tote bag
just stick this purple one come on
they come out right there and then we
have to wait for them to come around but
oh no I'm getting nervous I hate this
part
come on
alright I'll keep you updated you guys
don't judge my back that's my back and
my bags here I'm a little excited and a
little bit like what's the word for not
willing to share my bag with people
when he touched it I was like oh that's
my bad yay I feel so much better
sanity like that because this bag is
easier to push it has a wider base
biggest this bag fits on here nicely
this stuff there's another 3/4 you're
all right we're gonna get a car and get
to the hotel
it's cool it's cool fun
very fast either
you ready our packs have been dropped
off
Annie's waiting go cool oh wait that's
the drain yeah what's this
I mean it's probably the shower of it
wait is it a double shop Oh does the
toilet huh I didn't even realize you
could see okay although not to be picky
I hate when the shower comes straight
down because if you don't want to wash
our hair yeah I guess you could use that
little hose I don't have to wash my hair
I washed it this morning the coffee
maker that's the coffee this is the
coolest day ever
yeah if you only knew how to work it
okay so then there's a desk and a TV and
some cabinets that's kind of nice and
the beds and then room service of 24
hours or that wasn't that way about us
oh and if you get claustrophobic you can
open the doors yeah that made it like
completely open Wow look like a tablet I
don't know that oh all right and now we
are going to meet Hayden's mommy who
happens to be here too for the show just
happens to be but they live in Texas so
she drove and they're we're both here or
all here I should say so we're gonna go
get some dinner it's weird go back it
forward like that all right
same oh yeah update update update
neither of us thought we were tired on
the plane and I literally slept for the
first two hours and then I woke up and
Annie fell asleep really the last hour
hour and 15 it was crazy
she asked add the 15 the neck she said
yeah I don't want to sleep that much
longer
yeah alright she's texting me so it
sounds like we're gonna walk and get
something to eat fuck there's look at
our viewer god I forgot that well that's
important because that is something we
always film Houston I love you even
though it's cloudy I haven't been here
in a couple years so we're gonna walk
somewhere and eat
how long do we have
what's your guess
third
yep
for these
it's not gonna be dead
you've been cranky most of your life
I'm so tired
when you were really drinking um no big
deal we're just in a Maserati let's um
let's ride it's a type of car is it
probably I don't know I just know that
it's a really cool car but I'm sure it's
really expensive and I probably don't
want to know why we're in a parking
garage but we've met up with um miss
tisha she's driving Kim shoes out of her
car yeah now we're going to eat we just
probably 20 I have I have a 10 ok no no
worries
I never know so we're gonna go grab some
for one question for people that don't
fly how do you know we're landing ears
are popping
are we gonna get huh can you feel your
ears dirt has arrived
we want one of each
just get it candies anything a picture
and not paying attention to the serpent
you chocolate nice person so it is rich
because of the texture it's a little
easier
and we have some homemade marshmallows
later in
finish with some dark chocolate ganash
toasted marshmallow on top some toffee
better ease your hand put the crumbles
inside as well
dark chocolate cake so we have a bossy
chocolate sponge cake four layers
chocolate white chocolate shard Wow yes
it is yeah no one's competing gymnastics
right now you can turn the bus on oh
that is a bright Wow you guys this is
what we settled on a regular cheesecake
and of course we're gonna take pictures
of all of it
they said it came with a little piece of
white chocolate thank you it looks
delicious
I think we just need like a 360 of this
bad boy look at this we don't usually
get dessert but we were smart this time
we all shared a stake that we had to
send back because with a little too rare
beautiful and we shared some mac and
cheese and now we're going to share a
dessert want to keep twisting
we're so artsy
all right we're gonna enjoy this because
we made it excited what do you want to
do now wanna see if any of your friends
around
I will text them all and see if there
any of them are they've had a button
I know first my turn thank you she was
very excited for you doing this laugher
party but they're not slumbering we said
we'd discuss it it's mary-kate and
Danielle their chatterboxes before this
so we're having some girl time my that's
weird when you do that alright we've
snapped I'm snap and we're word the
girls are so proud of us you can tell
like how we snap and stuff I have
streaks we have straight you guys I have
three oh I got my watch just told me I
got a snapchat me Annie are you opened
it really that bad yeah she's now I
never get snatched let me see what she
said they're dying right here right now
yeah my god
okay so we're just all hanging out on
the bed and it's been so long since
we've seen him how long has it been
since July what that's go ahead do the
math five months six months guys oh it's
February now no guys seven months closer
than five months sorry we don't know the
months as well as you do all grades
thank you says the month me know what I
mean is I know the months like forward
and backwards I'm saying but to get from
July to February I can't go backwards
Eliza seventh month so it's five months
to January you're confusing me August so
it's Tuesday April all things okay six
months whatever I was Clark February
January but I didn't start at the
beginning like you so hard see can you
count back from 10 wrestling problems
torn your coach doesn't watch this she
really doesn't she's just kidding all
right no you're just kidding I'm just
kidding
nope stay off of Netflix wait don't do
that because then Netflix will be sad
yeah we love you Netflix special
vampires like so proud of you Annie
whatever that argument okay all right
that was very graceful it is time for
bed because we just realized why we were
so tired cousins and aunts just aunt
just left but I'm like why are we so
tired oh that's because it's an hour
later where we live so it's like
midnight hour time okay show tomorrow so
we're gonna get some sleep and I need a
question of the day I can't think of one
okay on a school night cuz it is a
school night for most everybody tonight
that's a good question
I usually go to bed doll 11 I'd say yeah
alright so we'll see you tomorrow guys
comment down below what time you go to
bed
say good night Annie no how did I know
she was gonna say All Right see you
tomorrow to celebrate
potato baked potato baby
thanks for watching
Vitaliy
