time for me hey guys over now I just got
done with school and it was really fun
because I decorated my locker and it is
really cute
I wish I could take pictures but we
can't have phones there apparently uh
you shouldn't have phone soon mmm saying
um you love it yeah I love it it because
no the good thing it didn't sick
it was magnets yeah that's smart it was
really smart and it looks good with the
UH the chandelier and the chandeliers
look so cute but the only thing that I'm
worried about if it won't it doesn't
light up but we need batteries and we
don't know if we have the right battery
I'm gonna ask you if daddy put batteries
in it no you did not homework time I'm
sorry to interrupt your resting
tv-watching city yeah but we've got to
get we've got to get you started okay so
this your teacher asks you to edit edit
yeah did you write this my favorite
subject is math math can be fun because
sometimes you get to play games did you
write that or did somebody else write
this and you have to edit it I wrote it
yes you wrote it
do you have to do you know what she
means by edit you need to type this or
can you just write it on a piece of
paper the correct way do you think you
have to do all of it oh it's a stop here
okay but it doesn't say if we had the
type it or not so I think we're gonna
hand write it and if she needs you to
type it you can bring it home and type
it okay second oh oh what is that that's
a phone case for when I get my iPhone 7
thank you daddy's is coming before mine
cuz I got the plus oh yeah
it's just a regular case without the
phone I ordered two because that's I
don't know which one I'm gonna want it's
hard to order things online no because
you don't have a seven plus no it's
bigger a plus is bigger hey tango
oh yeah Uno's a√±os yes that means uh I
am eight yeah it translate exactly to I
have eight years right think I'm not
very good at Spanish but that's what I'm
reading I have eight year onions some of
this is from yesterday cuz she had gym
yesterday and it's hard to come
we shouldn't have much time before and
after mg so we're doing homework from
yesterday and today 0 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9
10 11
she's gonna get Billy here's a pencil do
your homework so you can get smart and
go to college you going to college okay
I'm doing that career what's your career
what do you want to be when you grow up
right after yeah like what are you gonna
go to college for DJ oh it would be a
teacher
hey kid huh gotta be really smart could
be really smart to be teacher cuz that
you have to teach people oh yeah like
what after you get home from teaching
you have to do a lot of stuff like you
have to reassess cuz you got to grade
all their students teaching like hyper
up since they don't know ever I don't
think could pick your teacher Google's
everything she was just googly moogly a
lot all right homework Tyler oh my
goodness you're sidetracked hey let me
feel it
okay do homework I'm gonna throw it but
you're not gonna win
ah squishy on the ground yeah okay if
you catch it you have to do your
homework
Annie has a huge announcement she'd like
to share what and make go ahead an e
yeah we are you knew that for daily
gymnastics of meat can we say good today
who's it with
yeah Sean Johnson yep
I need the deets Annie what are the
deeds mm some January honey daddy I need
daddy it was unprepared for this I was
so unprepared when I turned the camera
on but it's really exciting January it's
during daddy's birthday I think it's
that weekend okay I'm gonna turn the
camera off I'm gonna get all the details
on this very exciting announcement
Daniel yes it's like the third weekend
in January let me see if I can do this
it's in Disneyland you're gonna get a
discount um for the hotel and discount
park tickets am I getting all this and
you need to tell your coach that you
want to be in this meet it's four levels
two through ten okay we're gonna confirm
all this and I'm going to be competing
first I'm helping out with the whole
that's what Annie wants to do
again you don't want to compete scared
if I want to control and then the other
cool thing is even if you're not a
gymnast or if your coach doesn't sign
you up for this meet you can still come
watch so there'll be more information on
tickets and sales and I'm sure you can
buy a ticket at the door and maybe you
can presale yeah there'll be a link but
I'm gonna turn the camera wait so wait
maybe we got it all
when is it okay we're gonna look it up
what pressure they're gonna cheer
they're gonna go Haley you're gonna
compete right fine so um we're
sponsoring this meet I'm along with
another company but all with the other
company all that informations gonna be
down below
well you're not competing by yourself
our gyms going so some way I think some
of your levels going it's gonna be
really fun we've never put on a meet so
we want to be successful and there might
be some other surprise guests but right
now Shawn I can't say the other ones cuz
they're not confirmed but Shawn and
Andrew are confirmed okay bye she just
wants to know it's not gonna turn the
camera off so I can tell her the special
guests will announce more of them as
they come up but there isn't there is a
website look guys here's the website
we'll put the link still down below so
it's easy to click but um you'd think
I'd know all this it's when is it July
21st through the 22nd ginger stop being
all smart over there I can't read um yay
Tom Johnson will be a special guest
other one will be named so anyway
January 21st to 22nd 2017 so that's
really exciting you guys
big deal makes me a little nervous
Haleigh think she's gonna vlog but she's
supposed to be doing homework she wants
to use this red camera Winnie needs this
toy like desperately you didn't know
guys Oh dog a dud so we're doing a
little bit of a homework hailey started
homework and she had a little bit of
makeup work still to do so we're doing
that a nanny has a project to do no but
you're gonna see what you need for the
project right gone yarn what kind of
project is this Hayley no matter how
many times you try you still need a
memory card no good save
all right I think it's kind of cool that
Hayley's editing a paper right now she's
got oh we already showed you this
nevermind but that's the one she's
working on right now
she did her Spanish already oh what a
day what a day
nevermind don't got this oh yeah say it
yo yo yummy llama no no no no may Alma
yo Manny go you're me Alma in it cuz it
my name is yeah I thought you could drop
the yo cuz yeah yo finish education
tingle Oh ciao until a long time since
I've done Spanish look this spotter
single day
I know Oh Jordan yes won't say don't say
it don't say it don't say okay I can't
be smart here
oh good luck KP when dude walk I things
he said leap no wait done yet miss bunny
cool oh ha thank see wait we sit we know
did I thought it's really weird for
people here is try to speak their
language no no no no no no no no it's
1:30 for once I got your question is it
a question and you're up for I mrs.
Anderson on it and you I thought if you
recently signed into a phone you can
ignore the co2 cognition I did you can
ignore what we did that thanks for the
memo all right guys so they're gonna do
some more homework with eating dinner
we've done all that normal school stuff
I'm daydreaming right now what do you
have to do you what if they don't care
do you what if they do I mean
oh I know it is in what art history
laughs you didn't know that you guys I
got a really cute picture of the dogs
playing they have to go pro Liberty Lee
on Instagram see it I'm still adorable
like that one that's one is your first
or nano we go I like that one okay you
have to go and look at bratayley on
Instagram to see that Robbie outline of
an animal
of Amy's eyes make a drawing Lars add
the simple outline of a nose from a
different animal continue adding
features from different animals until
you have an outline drawing of an
animal's face can i play with you guys
oh you scared me
don't buy my hand that's gonna pop you
in the face wedding alright guys we'll
be back with a question of the day I
know you guys look forward to that right
every day gonna quit question of the day
I didn't think so yeah I have to say no
why because that's the only word you
know in Spanish yeah quit while your
head Annie
yummy love do you know that it means you
know my name is I'll get it education I
think the girls came up to bed oh
there's one girl what's she doing
relaxing bakery story we need a question
of the day so you can go to bed it's the
end of the day what's your favorite app
in the App not just like a game okay
good night I love you bling time yeah
you swap rate one now you've done you've
done it get it when you won't like and I
just yeah I can do okay you kiss me mmm
tell your mother I have slobbery kisses
slobber means more love more love or
more love let me go tuck hey lien
on to the next child it's a little bit
of a mess up here
oh she moved the keyboard into her room
I forgot apparently she won't start
piano he snuggled up okay good night oh
yeah we had to do what's your favorite
app not not a game what can be a game
but watch your favorite app anything any
app that you have on your phone or your
iPad mmm your favorite app to open up
wishbone wishbone lesbian sores
okay all right I love you come into my
home every day is what's your favorite
game in your app mmm what's your
favorite app but I am yo mmm good night
wife's library kisses I just need to
know yo did you just try to make me feel
better
yeah thanks Avery oh good I love you mom
and when you're on your way out can you
tell them flights apfel William like
medium high that means almost high but a
little low okay dim the lights dim did
did watch the lights dim ready remember
to celebrate life ah
 babe oh babe thanks for watching
Vitaliy
