stop it they didn't miss each other at
all it was so much fun was it what you
expected it was going to be or is it
different or you didn't really have
expectations yeah okay
all right I will just say I watched the
video where you lay down on the airplane
oh my god um hi um so Mary asked us what
our favorite part was and I think that's
what I said I'm like I think it was
there besides our hair plane ride I mean
I mean I did go on and on and on about
Singapore and Malaysia we did have fun
but the planes were cool attack us did
you hold it no monkeys did try to attack
us ha tomorrow morning do you did you
touch them they were not nice some of
them were mice and then some the monkeys
wanted to eat our heads off some of them
had a sticky fit on stick because page
and well I was a little nervous - I'm
not your life but Paige and Annie were
like we're not going any further you
right away yes we were running my first
were like oh my gosh look at the monkeys
I'm really getting really dude we're
really close like oh you're so cute and
then we got a little further up and they
got a little bit more need I have a
feeling they're gonna be hooked like
this for a few days now so give me okay
actually I wasn't filming that so we had
to redo it guys really sweet
this is real this is real
back to the realness Haley's got a
surprise in her room
got a hidden camera and a let's see if
she reacts oh I know that so if you guys
didn't notice I'm not new bedding and
this is so cool and there's new boy no
that's not new oh them yes yes lubglubs
are you right okay so it's it's hot and
you press it when you make up an alarm
clock yeah so we're redesigning Haley's
bedroom with helping with a designer
that's breakable so be careful and this
is the bedding that Ailee picked out the
pencil holder bunny
it is very breakable so if it falls it
breaks it's glass so yeah that's a big
ol surprise now I got to get ready for
gym of course I knew what um how was
your first day back after missing two
weeks school good very good good stop
what are you screaming get ready for gym
that's the downpour I'm Kenny because
you're tired I am so tired whinny don't
you get on that bed she's gonna get on
the bed yeah if you had a new couch not
a lot on the furniture when it's new you
guys seriously look at her Haley's
eating a snacks of course now don't
share it with her or tease her so of
course when he's got her spot right next
to Haley because she doesn't want to
miss out
in case this engage hailey drops out or
decides to share when you crack me up
and here means grabbed out of her hand
and run hmm that's how when he shares
Winnie I love you you're all that
crinkling how she sits you guys how she
sit a lot of the time Winnie
alright we got to take her to gym so
quit being cute cuz I gotta go I don't
have time for your cuteness winning I
don't have time for your cuteness I got
things to do I can't just sit here and
film you and Pat you and love you
hey hey do the other one hey didi
we have cute dogs do it what do you have
in your bag alright your wallet and
that's all that your little purse the
gift bag all right well let's skedaddle
or we're gonna be late for gym hi guys
so right now we just went to buy blow
and we have these cool decorations for
my locker and I'm gonna show you them
and you can get these as well as me yeah
I got some at Pablo just again but Ida
says and first thing this is so adorable
like so it comes with this dry erase
board that's like a mochi or something
and then the second one it is as well
emoji and it is a picture frame and the
third one it's a mirror mute mirror and
second thing I've been wanting this and
I got it from someone I think her name
is Kendall and he she had one and she
told me where they were from and I was
just like oh I'll get one of those and
it is pink and it's a chandelier and
it's so few and it's a magnet medic
hmm and third thing I think yes okay
this is literally adorable so it's just
this little cute magnet um there's a
code what does it call a calculator and
you can just like do math in your locker
I don't know why it's just cute and um
the last thing but not least not not not
least is this dunce done pop-up blocker
paper sorry
not all paper locker paper it is so
adorable all this stuff huh seventeen
dollars and I use my own money
I'm in the car from Jim and it was a
good practice for my first day back uh
it was a kind of basics today like
getting back into it I think tomorrow
and do more skills hopefully and um
at school today I had a report edited
like write down a report we have a lot
of like typing and all the things like
what are they called
someone should work some are like really
really long day yeah FSA and I say we've
a lot of them like some like I broke one
about a hairbrush
they were like they're like this it was
for negative space to stuff you're gonna
wearable no my hair looks fine doing
that does look fine don't have you
availab didn't learn lately Oleg amide I
have a camera right here I know about
New York City
surprise I think we don't do that
yesterday though for particularly
anxious oh yeah I remember now I'm
excited never been there in a while
and I mean baked potatoes no offense any
New Yorkers I'm kind of glad because
they're in a while it's not our favorite
blade okay fair girl who loves horses
and loves Texas New York is in my
favorite like look at this Georgia and
Texas and everything like I know but New
York just now not your cup of tea I like
to either on that note not you're
spitting and I like food and stuff I'm
strong eat a banana I keep having
charley horses why charley horses no but
you should like it you should like
charley horse you know but don't was on
my phone Shh tradition video phones can
put a little hands for the evening
school more school
didn't your did you know why don't you
brought your brains out with TV okay a
minute is school eat and then well I'm
gonna do I'm gonna eat that Emma to
school until you leave and I'm watched
I'm not leavin daddy's gonna get her
tonight until a gym until daddy leave
I'm planning on going to sleep because I
feel jet-lagged I can't go to sleep
because then I'll wake up at 4:00 I feel
like I could sleep right now but I know
the second that I lay down in bed I
won't be able to go to sleep my dad was
so comfortable I gotten blankets and I
was like it feels good to be back in my
bed it felt so good
um and it was a thunderstorm it was and
it didn't even come into the bed I did
because I was too tired well actually it
wasn't like 12 o'clock where it when I
woke up I was like what was that I
looked out my window and then I saw
lightning I was like I don't even care
I'm going back to sleep and I went back
to sleep and it was fine and then I woke
up and I was raining and then when he
was hiding hi mommy
she was funny what to get us far away
from the Thunder as she could
how do I need to shoot a video we did
not do so good on acro Anna while we
were gone
sorry guys we'll get back into the swing
I made my videos he did and they didn't
go up
hi Daddy
I love you nah I'm gonna start leaving
him messages buddy's gonna leave him in
oh yeah everybody's me message for today
have fun editing dead sleep while you're
editing oh hello guys my makeup I'm
about to take it off he's getting ready
for bed right now we're so tired
um and I will go pick my makeup um yeah
so uh television today that's at this
time for okay you know the vision of the
day is
would you rather game night or movie
night family movie night family game
night your family movie night my
favorite family movie night maybe - a
family movie night cuz we always have a
popcorn me anyway yeah but family movie
night they like don't really pay Gingin
if it dry move in you want to look just
fun I say family game night cuz we all
laugh and winter clean and I'm not
usually the winner so I'm not clean
ah yeah don't forget to comment below if
anyone had the cushions a is we'd rather
movie night Oh family man me movie night
or family game night bye-bye
we will see you tomorrow
always remember to celebrate life ah
thanks for watching Vitaliy
