today on Batali hello my name is Hayley
time for their pages leaving but the
girls are sleeping five lakh its did
fifty in the morning almost lunchtime
you went to bed by not took one you who
didn't mean to wake you all please wanna
say Barney we come here turn around on
me
you guys better step you guys better
stay by your gonna be sad you didn't say
my Haley's out over there he hugged you
though GG you Piper slamming us and
number two thugs it's been bad GG smart
all night and she was like very Muffy
got your breathing are you ready to get
know I'm clueless stop it I wasn't ready
to redo it
no that's all saying all of this what
all this is for yes bye
I step back now there's gonna be a lot
of questions
those gonna be all that rumors going
around again dad
take my name Timothy when we adopt you
like Annie wants to do not only you can
even do that all right well you're
leaving with the better bag than you
came with file away so after dropping
Paige off it is taking me forever to get
home I'm sitting here in traffic for
like the last 35 minutes so I mean I'm
not having the worst day there is a guy
up here that was obviously in Iraq so
not all about me but it is trafficking
this isn't open the door
Oh ridden whinny winning off that hug -
they're going to the mall you guys gonna
be cool kids kids do asshole yeah I can
see you look like your dress for the
winter that have cool flavor in the
puppy go ahead these are from what
Singapore that were we got these I'm
handed you the camera it's on your dork
mary-kate right thank you why my camera
or talking on your phone like I can't
find my bass those really like oh my
gosh
where's my phone in their hand I was
like Jesus good I didn't have her phone
in between the ladies she was walking so
yeah you took her back in the green room
to find her phone she looks like she
like picks it up it was she had it in
between her legs it was weird
ah nice little swallow I can hear it Oh
Danielle's your turn alright these girls
are getting dropped up the mall and the
big girls are in charge
Haley be good woman's a pop Danny be
good
right now America just got some
Starbucks
and we're trying to go to H&M but we're
not sure where it is wait okay okay guys
I love people today so just so you know
if you see me you can just walk up to me
to take picture and everything so just
don't be shy
in any way so wait are we going this way
this is without
okay you do that
good job Danielle and Taco Bell we
didn't yell looking for shoes and she
has something everyone but her size
doesn't fit me I'm like walking right
over there oh say yes so we're friends
my phone case is so cool it looks bigger
we are walking out of the store now and
we had so much fun and the planio is I
had no idea but my are either going on
either going all to my house moral to
o'hare details and if we go to my house
then we're gonna jump in the water if
not then we're just gonna watch some
Netflix your father just texted me are
you guys still at them all
so we're finding the plan we came over
here and the garages aren't working so
we have no way to get in so we're seeing
if any of these doors are unlocked so
far no luck
why do our parents have to be so good
locking doors one more door and then
none of them are open or gonna have to
wait Caleb's room doors open that's mom
there's spider eyes enough okay now we
go back and I'm not sure what we're
gonna do so you literally have tried
every single door and the dogs are out
and they got so scared when we came in
the backyard they're like rah rah rah
no no just just this paper oh hell old
guard dogs hey guys so right now I am
going up to get them snacks but they
don't know
now I'm getting them snacks and because
we're we were out there and they said
they were hungry and I I need to go to
that and after I'm getting them snacks
what outside I took it with me it was I
was looking for that reblogging yeah
blobby hey what are you guys doing
outside we are surprised I'm surprising
them with some snacks Wow I'm going to
back away but it's time for question the
day we're all settling down me and Haley
are doing some Lego stuff doing a lot of
Legos tonight and Jon presen today hey
lady of course today um okay this is a
good one we're just out of it would you
rather no conditioner or a new shampoo
wait didn't we ought to do that now okay
living say I'd rather no yeah no shampoo
shampoo - because I need conditioner
like I need conditioner God is soft but
a chimp who makes it clean yeah
hope gotta get up oh no oh no okey and
all sheets what
and my gosh what is happening with this
okay anyways so nobody comes number goes
beyond the question of they is would you
rather shampoo and conditioner is like
but that guy at night not ready sit up
bye dude like semi Yahweh just do the
bite ready by this look right now do
I'll get you out my name is Haley hello
my name is Haley now do I'll do you
hello hello my name is Annie always
remember to celebrate life ah baked
potato baby
thanks for watching
Vitaliy
