hey bratayley fans i guess you've heard
we were making history and we're
starting at the very beginning of our
nation that is we're off on a trip back
in time to the american revolution in
costume and undercover we're in hot
pursuit of characters like General
George Washington lady spies soldiers
presidents pirates horses and some
pretty sweet dance moves will travel the
original 13 colonies to see what we can
find and recreate some of history's most
famous moment so saddle up we're
spinning the day in Connecticut
Connecticut is really really funky wait
that's
okay Connecticut visitin confusing first
stop riding around a tree on stick
ponies like crazy people let's back up
and explain we came here to honor heroic
Revolutionary War time teenager
her name was Sybil Ludington we saw this
big beautiful tree that we could common
so we started climbing in and then
George Washington came over and started
teaching us about Sybil every day we're
here today in Connecticut to talk about
a 16 year old girl named Sybil Ludington
yep Sybil Ludington was just 16 years
old and she heard the British were about
to attack the Connecticut town of
Danbury Sybil's dad was a patriot
colonel and in 1777 she rode her horse
star forty miles through the night to
warn the colonists and also to gather up
her dad's troops she was um just like
Paul Revere except he had actually rode
twice as far as Paul Revere justly no
little lettings
didn't have a horse named Bob she was 16
and it was like raining and and
everybody's like Oh and so Sybil
Ludington rivers are just like we
thought to celebrate
Sybil that we would do our own horse
race we rode horses just like Sybil
- onions - the star Plex mama mama star
star Eggs Benedict
but star on the side who are we riding
for our New York's Sybil it's so close
we're gonna have to check the tape
it was a tie for the first time in civil
history we have a two-way tie between
star Junior and to the star Plex well I
mean I would have been happy with just
winning but I mean Hayley could have her
spotlight to you guys so civil did an
amazing job of course she gathered 400
men but they arrived too late to save
Dan Barry and the British kept going
a week later they were beating up on the
colonial army in this town Ridgefield
also in Connecticut the Battle of
Ridgefield is where 500 American
soldiers lot 2030 as usual they were
outnumbered we went to Ridgefield to
learn about another brave woman who did
her part to help the troops ester Keeler
oh we have visitors at the tavern Harry
in Washington excellent to see you it's
so nice to have you here always a sucker
Esther ran this place Keeler's tavern
with her husband Timothy they were big
patriots
did you arrive by stagecoach our
stagecoach at home again by the way when
the revolution happened Esther and
Timothy were probably just in their
early 20s college age when they bought
the end the sign outside was a picture
of King George until they painted it
over with a picture of a horseman you
know what it is what would you have in
it in what do you have it a hotel good
beds what else can you get fed in a
hotel can you have something to drink in
a hotel
well October sack and have what a hot
tub Oh hot tub well no that's not
possible here oh no jobs available in
fact bathing was not done very often was
it suppose a little spiky oh very simpie
so when you would like check into your
hotel would be this lamp where the
candle to go
if there was one Kindle you could eat
there there are two candles you can eat
and drink there if there were three
candles you could eat drink and sleep
there if there are four candles you
could eat drink sleep there and park
your so Esther and Timothy would greet
all their guests here as I am reading
you today Esther was in charge of
cooking and this is where she did her
cooking she had some bread in this like
what was it called beehive ovens like
this square in a hole and while Esther
ran this cozy in making bread upstairs
she was covering for Timothy who was
secretly making bullets for George
Washington's troops in the basement by
the way it's a toss-up whose job was
more dangerous and how do you think you
could get in and out to that what do you
have to walk next to to get in there
fire the fire do you think it's a safe
thing to do no no you know what if it
was baking day they'd put a wet blanket
around themselves or their wear wool
because cotton things like yours would
burn very easily either they would want
to have that I heard that polyester is
fun oh yes you could put be wonderful
for the fire yes I'm sure that would be
great there were no toaster or
microwaves so they had no choice but to
do this get that underneath the bread
give it a quick shot we tried to get the
bread out with this big shovel we do dog
things
a good part about this is we got the
bread oh no she's putting it or playing
the violin but then it slightly dropped
oh I picked it up at the show when I get
my flipping it over didn't work very
well
and the set the other time he was Haley
because Haley was trying to get it off
the thing and I kind of like fell
through armed guys remember when we made
bread Johnny oh right down do you think
a bread shovel is not as easy as it
seems
after dropping the bread a bunch which
was really stressful let's put this back
before anybody gets hurt we wondered
what the Colonials who pass through here
would do to relax name is like checkers
with like dried out corn on the cob
pieces which they play with smack in
today's first video here guys know we're
having for dinner and then and there's
this other room is like this game called
skittles trying to knock down all these
little pins that wasn't very interesting
we pulled back on this like wind a
string onto the top and pull it out of
this lever and it was spin and you see
how many bowling pins you could get down
and really fun all right
who's very hungry
hmm we skipped from skittles to tea a
favorite drink of colonial ladies the
ladies might be served tea here so they
would be served their tea they would
take the tea and they would pour it into
the saucer they had the tea cup without
any handle not cool
yeah good way to do it and you would
pour the tea into the plate set the tea
aside and then drink it from the plate
which was really weird that was very
interesting and they would drink your
tea
yes two sisters civility
but it would have been tough to balance
that dainty tea saucer during the battle
here see the British found out about
that bullet Factory downstairs so they
started shooting cannonballs at the end
you saw where the Cannonball was
actually shot into the house April 27th
1777 you are touching history so that
wood was actually from that time that
was cool it was stuck so we learned a
lot about cannonballs they can travel up
to 2,000 yards and making it way up to
33 story
smells like history we found out that
one of the American journalists was a
guy from Connecticut who looked a lot
like Billy Benedict Arnold
to see just how heavy those cannonballs
could be we tried to hurl them across
the lawn towards the house and then you
a challenge to a cannonball toss it was
Haley and my dad on the British side
yeah and then it was George Washington
on a cruel battle pose
me and Haley had like smaller cannons
cannon balls that were played like six
times he was kinda thin my first look it
up so the little ones they were naval
cannon balls like the one that hit the
house where the big ones whirl and
gamble with gigantic ones that they shot
at the truce
I went first and then I went all the way
down online and you had to like toss the
chicken ball this evening with the
farthest Jin who never told you you
smell like eggs benedict George
Washington um my dad went farther than
George Washington
come on eggs Betty let's see what you
got me go
roll down the hill so really George
Washington
Oh too bad that didn't happen for real
in Ridgefield where the British won Eggs
Benedict Arnold was promoted anyway to
Major General but a few years later
guess what
Benedict Arnold changed sides and he let
flipped love duty to the British George
Washington was not very happy about that
that he went flip-flop t we headed next
to a place where that big trader Eggs
Benedict really turned on his old
friends or Griswold oh look at his eggs
benedict thinking he's so tough but
grins la la la Billie
I mean Benedict Arnold knew the layout
of Fort Griswold which was handy for the
British because once you go inside the
tunnel here I was really darkened and
then we went with all through these
rocks and we climbed the rocks up to the
American flag
we climbed up a big wall of an old one
the shoes are not made for this but
thanks to Benedict Arnold here again the
British one but there's a tower here
honoring the Americans who fought you
very very hard don't like this big Tower
to represent like where was all of the
soldier
I counted 100 okay
800 you could like see the fort and the
flag and all of the things around doing
these little windows up there the view
is pretty now but back during the
Revolution the British used the river to
sail their mighty ships up the coast and
burn the city over their New London
great whose idea was this
it's not really really bad like wet dog
and like tower stencil no I almost
reminded us I was like Rapunzel's tower
and it was actually really neat tower
with my best buds
how many more times you guys want to go
up and down eight more h88 morning
we're all in pretty deep in Connecticut
right now we really are we really know
how to do this about we probably the
first people ever to tailgate a museum
we were starting to get hungry
it's time for some fishing so fishing is
a huge part of how they would have eaten
so what we're going to do now is we're
going to go fishing see if we can get
some fish maybe some eel something that
they would have be deal yeah yeah
there's a lot of eel in the water around
here fishing and there were these 320
little fishies and they're flopping
around
and then you're coming back in the water
okay
Neil yum yum Oh can I eat him
eel was a colonial delicacy and it
wasn't pretty
oh we got to heal too we took the eel
out of its little cagey thing look at
him look at a room whose old arm notions
you've got this we're gonna yield
benediction for breakfast tomorrow my
dad tried to I pick it up and I was so
slippery that every time you had it it
would eat a good visitor that yeah maybe
I can't grab him he's slippery I did not
like that you at all I thought it was
going to bite and I just don't like
underwater things
no way
so I was excited to work longer you want
to let him go ahead
Annie hey go get it he'll get he'll
release that's right and we were about
to learn that eels weren't the only
thing slithering around under the water
here during the American Revolution and
then we went to the Connecticut River
Museum where we went in and there's all
this cool stuff or doodles
since the British Navy was really a
problem Patriots invented something to
try to stop them it was called the
turtle this will work fly almost looks a
little bigger you're not cool but it was
used for it it would go under water and
then let the will go into the British
ships let the bomb go and then have to
go as fast as it could away from the
bomb and it was like explode the ships
we decided to try it so this will yeah
I'm gonna have a little quiz okay watch
Birds flutter so this is the thing where
you unscrew the bone right that's the
ball okay same time every day the idea
was you pedal and crank it to move it
underwater right there make sure it
doesn't go ahead oh are you going down
now you guys can come out make sure you
shake up oh yah oh yah oh yah oh we
could see why the idea never really took
off you had to do like
like once with one person in there the
very first mission for the little
summary was the British of British ships
called the Eagle but sadly Eagle one the
turtle never actually sunk one shift but
hey nice try Patriots our newest
invention called the turtle another
Dan's new so here's how I mean he she
had good
so this is this handle well there's the
spinny thing up here to unscrews the
screw then go through that one hand here
like that and then you have another
thing that makes it goes up and down
with your life a see like this and then
the other one you have your other foot
on the other bar like this then almost
jumping foot to get the water into your
like that is for the turtle hashtag do
the turtle show us your best turtle
hashtag near the turtle Oh
how's the head up to microphone oh
excuse me excuse me
you where they dog texting and turtling
is against the law ah so sorry
general what happened again
so our day in Connecticut started with
horses and ended with Turtles they
should have gotten that Sybil Ludington
down here to drive that turtle she would
have shown Benedict Billy what it's like
to be an eel and slither away can't wait
for next week
