good morning guys it's another day here
in Singapore
Andy wearing her fake glasses again so
she can see her school work what are you
working on wow you're computer smart it
was where you are you're doing a project
on Chinatown in San Fran so the weather
is supposed to be a little better today
I think we're gonna try to do I think
it's called some Tosa beach and then
tomorrow I think we head out or not I
think we do we go to Malaysia we're
about to go get some breakfast we woke
up early today not super early like 6:30
and now it's 7:40
I think Hayley's still asleep but Paige
is awake right yeah Haley asleep Oh
each money come say hi hi guys Paige is
on a diet today until she doesn't and
she goes back for plate two three four
and five I don't mind I think well we
might have the date tomorrow before we
leave just depends on when our flight is
but I have no idea when our flight is
yeah ketchup
very American don't try to catch up okay
any excited about the ketchup all right
so this is our fourth meal fourth buffet
this our fourth something like can you
marry some why is that muffin green I
want to try some is it delicious
there goes the diet tasty green muffins
before we play we're getting some school
done well and he's already been working
on school but now it's Haley's turn and
Annie's gonna finish up what she was
working on right and then we're gonna
head out to that Beach Island Resort of
sentosa hopefully the weather holds it's
good today beautiful day out there in
the Singapore is this the official
meeting official we're counting it that
daily I would meet you before we get
married
guys that's Curtis they hated Curtis hey
world it's just a phone you can't really
yeah I didn't focus too much time in the
future like you can wear it again at the
beach just fine
all right my friends we just got to
Sentosa beat we're ready to beat the
beat what do you guys wanna do first
I know
Beach Bert oh there we go guys we're
getting the plan
scoping out what we're gonna do Haley
how to read a map got the different
types of people in our group we've got
the ones who get us where we need to go
we got the one who's just wait
and you've got me to film please there
you'll never see
I don't think you're a corner
every good day starts with the Sun under
the
we're at the beach man it's beautiful oh
do you love it and look I think that's
the bridge I don't know if that's the
bridge but there is a bridge that takes
us to the southern most points in Asia
and the point closest to the equator
is that pool we want to get really close
to the equator could mean it's not much
closer than we are right now I mean
we're pretty close you're exploring
you gonna do
ghetto right justice and gymnastics on
sentosa island
well it did say celebrate life for five
seconds but then Oh
little wait amen
beach life coconut ice-cream is a good
bust out over there
it looks good what is it but for some of
the pies looks good I don't like coconut
oh I don't like coconut water or coconut
put your flag say coconut oh alright you
guys we just finished them one hi Haley
closest point to the equator from I
guess an Asia and the southernmost tip
which is kind of redundant because if
it's the southernmost tip I mean yeah
it's closest to the equator right I
don't know we're walking across that
bridge islands on her I wanted to film
whoa oh my god oh yeah you do need a
picture all right we got pictures galore
press handstand videos and now we are on
this little itty bitty island
southernmost tip a giant lightning
warning and there's a lightning warning
going on southernmost tip of the of Asia
we're as close to the equator in Asia as
we can be right now this coal out here
you guys Oh photo shoot going on but
looks like a legit photo shoot there for
a second oh my gosh
let's do it
I walked in that's so cool yes and it
started to rain so we're gonna get this
quickly and then head out
all right right now fresh hands down
good job I mean it is your beam just bet
the amount so I have faith okay so we
are going to pull right now it's very
hot so it's gonna feel really really
good in the pool and paid it Sophia
actually going in here we go I'm sitting
here at the pool
listening to Paige be cray-cray wait yo
make sure everybody in escape sorry the
voices
I'm kidding I'm kidding that's not
really being crazy after this we're
shopping a little bit of shop shop
shopping and eating probably eating some
more it's all we've been doing is eating
there's Paige she's being crazy over
there oh oh they're gonna be 20
that's bonneted h money in her natural
habitat what is she doing to drowning
your what a turtle
okay open Rob I don't need your tongue
like that we're going to the mall guys
but we had to have some pop rocks oh
that was a paper shopping
okay keep this on just for a second so
while we're out we can only wait what's
he doing
it's an open wall why would you open it
there's just pipes oh my gosh okay so
back to this so while everybody listen
up while we're out
we have to use a British accent Oh
that'll be fun okay are you ready for
this please die no parking in this it's
British British British an English
English but it's salty yeah
still dying you know housing right now
oh my gosh
Katie that's wonderful John but know
that you had doubled more knowledgeable
and wise
completely crashed so it's like we
didn't wrap up the video so I'm just
taking a quick second
always remember to celebrate
thanks for watching
Vitaliy
