today dancer go and you go just go
good morning everybody we are on our way
to a hip-hop dance class what do they
call it in the dance rope yeah that's
where we're going
mastered dance cause I don't know if I'm
making up dance lingo right now or not
but we're up they wanted to go to this
desperately even though they are super
tired he is gonna hip hop it out of
style if you guys didn't know there's up
dance what I call it competition also
connected to our gymnastics meet I'll
find Mackenzie let's go ahead so there's
like this hip-hop class today I think
it's been here the dance experience hi
good how are you
let's see if miscarries in here we've
never been to a dance love you guys you
where's miss Kim
all right let's go to her
where do you see mr. Carey she's like
behind the door oh let's go over there
like behind what doors like outside it
scary we can't find you did they like
we're gonna step back and just watch
okay so remember where and how the
perfect is just a ball okay
no there's not you know hundreds of
thousands of you watching so let's just
go cuz I won't film this she said
there's not hundreds of thousands of
people watching so maybe I should not
just want to let everybody know that
there's a dance experience going on to
the per day we meet so
all right you guys got a day up today
sounds good
KK we're texting Mackenzie because she
was with us and then went to change this
morning
her mom's bringing her down all right
I'll join in I feel thing
he is gonna be your biggest
and he started this water grade she
doesn't know what college she went and
got water
how's it going you guys look so good
really really as you're gonna do they
are so good
how are you doing thirsty you guys are
like a little over halfway through like
the combo I don't know if my deal I'm
sorry dancers I'm working on this dance
lingo
oh yeah I'm gonna hold Paul here we can
just put them down thanks to BIA
I was good that was so good
January April they say on the floor
they're telling the truth none of them
are January through April they got lucky
September December December and
September
would you be in via winds every day May
23rd so you'd be in April silly silly
Katie I don't know my months in the
order that they are supposed to be I'm
like being you'd be in them alright so
this is how they break it down a little
bit stay tuned this class is not just
for dancers and gymnasts it's for
beginners or people who want to try
dancing what is it oh you don't want to
go what is this
what month hey leave that down Haley
anyways am i saying it's not it's for
anybody who wants me part you don't have
to be a competing gymnast in this meet
or a competing dancer go and you go just
go and he go sit go sit Annie go soon
I'm so proud of you SID
I'm proud of you too and even if they're
not going over there still proud of you
for being here
see see it's not a cup see it's it's not
a competing dancer in this I mean a
competing gymnast in this meet or a
competing dancer but you can still take
this workshop so next time we do one of
these you guys can all come out
she did it but she didn't want me to
film her so I did we know I did not fell
asleep look she's mad I didn't film it I
said she did it I was telling everybody
you did it but you wouldn't let me I
promise you pinky swear I didn't film it
see that was so good I don't blame you
it's hard to dance and not be a dancer
or something like that integrated in
they were both on the dance floor good
job good job
Annie are you talking yeah mix you did
today
Annie's the only one that's like I'm
good not gonna do it but you'll sing on
a stage but you won't talk right
okay Annie you do you
they could all be
in Virginia
some kind of hair challenge don't ask me
all right we left the gymnastics
competition we're going up to the dance
competition because we want to see miss
Tierney perform her little send in the
clowns routine which I can't I can't use
footage of her actual competition
because we're not actually allowed to
film dance competitions because
everything's copyrighted like the
choreography and all that so I'm
learning as we go but we'll we'll say hi
to her and
- and we're done
what a crazy last two days this is
what's going on a lot of this we packed
up and now I'm doing some last-minute
packing and they're waiting for me to
finish that and they're friends all left
it looks good - seasonal and now we're
gonna go home for the night because we
got more trips to go on
Haley's going to LA I'm gonna stop by
the hospital and be like oh I'm just
kidding I'm not gonna do that
but yeah we're going to Houston and
she's going to LA with daddy oh and that
is what's going on we're about to leave
this hotel room but the problem is is
it's cold and rainy out there and we
haven't been out of this hotel out of
this hotel in two days since Friday
night and it's Sunday night about this
time is when we got here so it's been 48
hours the car is gonna pick us up
because we valeted so that's helpful
we'll just jump in the car and drive
home and we'll see you there kidding
it's not see you at home it's see you in
this empty building or empty room that a
gymnastics meet was just about two hours
ago or an hour ago breakdown is
happening is in the full swing oh why
don't you take your coat off and stay a
while you live here you can stay a while
well at least until tomorrow deal deal
look at all the other fakey fake cousins
you just have to threaten a tickler and
Jill you weren't asleep why does this
ladder keep moving but it's really
creeping me out yes we are gonna do a
whole lot of this the rest of the night
it's about it's almost 9 o'clock so I
think we're just gonna wrap the video up
now we've had two long days and we're
not gonna do much else we're not
actually not gonna do anything else
tomorrow we can play
so anyways question of the day I can't
think of one planes trains or
automobiles
how would you rather travel automobiles
a car you'd rather go in a car an e
plane train or automobile I couldn't
hear you plane I am gonna go with
cookies I'm gonna go with a plane all
right let's turn lights out but you guys
aren't going to sleep do you still hot
you are brushing your teeth no matter
how tired you are okay so sometimes an e
forgets how old she is so oh oh she
remembered probably in the little this
thing all right my friends comment down
below which way you like to travel plane
train or automobile and we will see you
in the morning you've got a travel vlog
coming up tomorrow we're gonna be in
Houston Haley's gonna be in Los Angeles
good night guys we'll see you tomorrow
sweet sister oh no she's not sometimes
but she is she you you call to her when
the camera is not on you're like Haley
will you bring me my blankie and my
phone how often does that happen in
Haley and how many times you do it know
95% oh you do it every time all right
guys we'll see you tomorrow this
argument I did it I said are you instead
of a long story inside some people know
what we're talking about
well we'll explain it to you guys keep
watching see you tomorrow
celebrate life baby
thanks for watching
Britt Ailey
