time for me touchdown Singapore what do
you think about Singapore so far hey
what do you guys think about Singapore
so far
what do you think about Singapore I love
it I could just look
which put your go away animation
attention that woman the Phase II came
to mama say gee I don't you leave what'd
she say - she said something shout being
T ha and she should be able to speak to
that so issues we've heard over the last
24 hours
Gaddafi okay guys we've got bags no one
lost a bag we thought we lost daddies we
did not got through customs met up with
Sophia
he was taken yes we're gonna we've got
to find our driver he was supposed to be
here but we can wait patiently
everybody's waiting so patiently for
Wi-Fi to be like I excited hey there's a
Burger King down there
there you want to get in the hotel
because there's Wi-Fi there so we are
here in Singapore that's amazing baby
it is a cool actually give me rinsing
barley soon
you guys ready for this okay mommy what
is yelling I see us at my routine hmm
there's mirrors everywhere and we we're
not we're not mirror ready hopefully
hopefully we're not far here we go you
go is y'all mean our room oh my goodness
I'm so excited I know it's super it
mines heavy too oh it's a hallway okay
they can come in room tour tradition
yes yeah is it real Oh
all right you guys might go see that
other room let's check the bathroom out
and the view and head to the other one
because there's only two twin beds in
here so I'm curious to see what the
other one looks like okay where are the
lights the test five this has three more
so that's five all right now the lights
are on
these lights try this one because the
other room its bathroom okay so the bat
the lights aren't working over the other
room so we need to call them ooh I likey
oh I like the shower yeah we're gonna
eat and shower that's all we can think
about and figure out our light situation
this is it you I love it I'm not sure I
know watch that step right there gasps a
little not like a big step but let's see
the closet give us a closet tour watch
oh watch out hey Gus smush oh there's
your robe page and go down to breakfast
now all right our first Singaporean meal
we got a lot of the same stuff on here I
don't know what this thing he did he
helped me with mine do so everybody's
got some student menu yeah he told me
not to try that one he said it was like
sweet or something that like Nutella Oh
No
so an A+ for the drinks I've got some I
got my own what is that what do you
think in a sausage section no you've got
to get them sausage the saucer section
not a skin it's true head it to the pool
right
you guys just cool it's too cool I love
it
we're going to walk right into it
you
you
tell me what are you walking on
you're walking or one
don't hurt yourself
okay we're about to do just fall into
the water but dad's gonna hit the brakes
nice Haley right now we are going to
explore
and what else we doing mommy the
exploring exploring and how we keep
living things and then we're gonna come
back and then we're gonna really gonna
do makeup play we didn't make it play as
we're sleeping then we're gonna work out
hopefully if we're gonna be awake I'm
sleeping we're finally out exploring and
we found a really cool bin
she got with mouth for open what is this
an alligator or a crocodile we're down
at the gardens by the bay and we're
gonna go in the cloud forest right there
just gotta figure out how we gotta get
in ooh and you can probably reach it
jumping now you can jump that's cool if
there's someone's gonna do that look at
the price you can go under there hell
you scared me
are you pop pop hey it goes through
that's nearly oh this is kind of scary
I'm not gonna lie
Joel again goose stop no you guys you
want to see what's down there why it's a
little scary because um yeah there's a
girl really far up and he's starting to
feel one o'clock in the morning
we're pretending it's not convince
yourself that if anything after we leave
here I'll go get something easy it's
more energy yeah we should go eat
something I'm with you Annie I'm draggin
but I agree that if we eat something
we'll have a little energy oh my gosh
you guys you guys feel like you're out
in the clouds with us on this cloud door
that is scary I'm not gonna lie there's
Haley still walking around here and it's
beautiful I'm checking myself and he's
checking herself in the video so we were
way up there just a little while ago and
what'd you do
like walk to balling around that little
curve up there
now we're just exhausted fine some of us
govern something new what's up this is
the first time ever we've been on a
thirteen yes apparently in Singapore we
have superstition about 13th floor um so
some of us are gonna go to the hotel
room and lay down and Hayley and mommy
and I think some other people's these
silly gooses what are gonna go shopping
extinguishers cold kill fire kill fire
kill fire a little fire when you're
gonna kill a fire we know what's gonna
happen here we're gonna lay down and
fall asleep and then just like in
Australia we're gonna fall asleep and be
up in the middle of the night but
there's no stopping them
who's gonna sleep in the bed over there
y'all are just get over there all three
of you when there's three bells try to
get as close as you can to each other
I'll be sweet so this could be it we may
fall asleep who knows you can stay right
here I'll just maybe we'll hold but
they're gonna go shopping so you're like
saying wait they can stay awake I don't
care if I wake up in the middle of night
I just need some sleep right now but
here's a roll if you wake up and you can
always everybody else's that's right
you'll be screaming at you just like
that and they've got school to do we've
never even told if they wake up in the
middle the night they can do school
like I think I want to sleep in like
door
shopping in the sleeve everyone is
asleep
sorry I don't want to make anybody
really dark anyways I was gonna happen
and now I'm gonna be awake luckily
everybody else is still asleep
I'll put it awake
sound asleep in here
we're gonna do um Coke or Pepsi and I
would take out so
I'm feeling that everybody's gonna be
awake and the next couple hours and just
like in Australia
I think I'm disturbing him so I need to
go comment down below Pepsi
tomorrow
always remember to celebrate light ah
baked potato thanks for watching
Vitaliy
