hey bratayley fans i guess you've heard
we were making history and we're
starting at the very beginning of our
nation that is we're off on a trip back
in time to the american revolution in
costume and undercover we're in hot
pursuit of characters like General
George Washington lady spies soldiers
presidents pirates horses and some
pretty sweet dance moves will travel the
original 13 colonies to see what we can
find and recreate some of history's most
famous moment so saddle up we are in the
state of Mary
Madeline is completely look around the
water Marilyn
peace is something to be cherished in
Maryland we head out into the high seats
and team up with a band of pirates kind
of like the Patriots how to do in 1776
without the help of the Pirates the
colonial Navy might have been blown away
we went to this pirate ship and it was
called
adventures on the Chesapeake Bay should
we call him Tater Tot hey don't touch
Todd name's Todd can I squeeze Todd what
are spirit angling wonder stuff and we
could get like face pink stuff from put
on our arm we also got a mustache here
so guess who the colonist used to fight
the British at sea
horses good yes thanks merchants
merchants um we're looking for a P word
pirates calling all pirates
ding-ding-ding the d√∫nedain hiding the
ding ding ding ding ding ding David
angry ding dong I said it was quiet
good job Kayla thanks does we had our
own Navy and really brave commanders
like George's old buddy John Paul Jones
so who john paul jones was as he went up
and down like the whole coastline of all
the 13 colonies shooting it all the
British ships he could but our Navy only
had eight ships so they really needed
help from the Pirates the Continental
Congress even encouraged them with this
Proclamation Oh
each money only two - can you take it
down a notch money
you may by force of arms attack and take
off ships and other vessels belonging to
subjects you got it guys
strictly speaking they were known as
privateers for ever cheering Oh private
areas big fancy world so we're about to
get on a pirate
live the life room private er yeah
sailor on the Seas look for some
treasure and then you know go through
the chick-fil-a dry clear and get 12 of
everything then go back to your house
thoughts yeah I have no thought I need
any objections BAM
yeah are they speaking your language
yes yes my breaking through she's so
excited she came home alright so what's
up
sensor to the skirt
school
so
ah there were these two guys named Smee
my muscle for your fire - yeah - me said
that we need to find this treasure
I'm sorry we're trying to find the x-man
and be like how to like sit down
laughing matter basic we're going to
this place called a mermaids reef or
something it gets NAR NAR and mermaids
reach children okay uh listen Caleb you
don't look any mermaids in the eyes okay
cuz you'll fall in love and then you
guys must take your broke bar gets
thrown up tired okay yeah you'll have no
crew time you just have to make dinner
every night if we came up everything in
America and then moved to the picture
she's from because like definitely love
works to hold it clean
- why you wearing the murmured glasses
welding is not a verb a boy
they don't have feet Kristen okay what
is it it looks like a bottle it was this
bottle
it was like a small bottle the glass
bottle and a note inside of it this is
nothing Facebook got aa day face I
repeat as something you need and it
rhymes with cheese we got key you don't
need keys to open detector cat so - just
aren't locked up telling me no one has
the keys
rusty you have the keys bro right what
the treasure chest
I didn't think there's food for a lot do
you know who I repeat is take it to them
Oh
Hey I repeat is the stinkiest is the
smelliest the Maine is pirate in all 70
seas you know what he does with his
armpit hair dude he grows it down to his
toes and then he brings it into a net
and he tries to catch birds with it
because you legs it's disgusting - do
you want to just go back the DA can just
give up ugly we have water drainage you
can just blast him in the face it's like
just some cheese that I like Tom when
you gotta say I I finally found captain
parish - you shot him out of the water
and splash so we won and then we got the
key
it was gonna add the treasure we found
another light
we found an X this time in the water
when we got two mermaids relief there is
only one way to make sure that this is a
real and then rusty came over and licked
it it's an accidental ice which was
really gross because it probably had a
lot of chemicals on it missing oxygen
Exodus
oh
watch your heads slim bone martinis
opened a lot for the cream cheese and
Kayla we open it and there was like all
these like oh they need and then animals
know so cool you got like this whole bag
of 2000
302,000 blue and yellow
you
Appetit
