time for me Oh yawn
am I on are you ready for your phone
reveal the hair cuz I didn't show it
last night
Oh hair but you're blurry ah yeah you're
totally blurry hang on give it a minute
okay
what does he Andy say how-do top well
she blows on that but doesn't our no no
did I get split just I don't know is it
done
I don't know yeah yeah you're not
playing anymore nan what are you doing
I'm looking for lip gloss because my
lips are probably really makeup II put
makeup on and you know okay guys we're
in traffic number one okay hi welcome to
my channel it's the KD show now I'm just
kidding but everybody's not no one's
here so you gotta see me we got the dogs
in the back you see em
one two and three we're taking them to
the doggie spa in hotel the luxurious
place that they stay when we're gone
because we're getting ready to go to
playlist and then Singapore Malaysia so
the pups have to go to stay and they're
very excited they're gonna get cuddle
time and play dates and so accept them
set them up with lots of activities but
that's what we're doing we got to take
them to the hotel and I'm sad cuz I'm
gonna miss them who would not miss that
face Winnie Winnie Winnie she's not
gonna yeah we're gonna miss your face
there's her face we're gonna miss that
face
oh here's PI prepaid we're gonna miss
your face too okay up so tonight we're
going we squeeze in one more flare
practice so we're gonna do that after
gym then we'll be at playlist oh my
goodness it's gonna be a crazy next
couple two weeks he's sleeping on the
food they're so funny good morning open
out yourself look how beautiful Piper is
hi Bri hi be be beautiful Piper Piper
Piper Cub a Normie
many high RF so right now it is my
birthday probably not for you guys
because coming on on a different time
and I'm eight Emily I've been waiting
for this guys how do you feel I feel now
that grown up no because it's only a day
that you can date you know how's that
hairstyle can I don't loving it yeah
you're such a big girl now
my eight-year-old oh by the way anytime
to get long longer we're cutting it he's
gonna Katie tank yeah Paige you're gonna
have to live with us
mm-hm are you just cut into ourselves
who I don't get cut hair
why paper can what why
okay Schools Act never go paper in the
trash always go it in the recycle
because no because it's harder to get it
from trees because trees give you oxygen
and you would have to cut down another
tree and so throw it in the recycle so
whoever makes the paper and make it
again yeah out of the paper I had a
nervous announcement recycling is cool
recycling always recycle I'm excited to
see Paige again oh not again cut today
yeah
waiting on you know we're loading up to
go to playlist you said it owpain this
is awesome well that's us too but for
people in that and this this is not
counting that's not going page yeah I
can come up
oh that is hilarious Oh silly boy
alright we're going to get some gay some
of the gang and we're gonna get on the
road to play let's see see ya yeah I
gotta pick up some girls from gym and go
to a player rehearsal when we get there
actually we're gonna go to sorry I'm
confused we're going to miss Carey's
play rehearsal miss Carrie studio and
then on the road to DC yes that's what's
going on here
ride trip oh nice hat
get yours today ray Baker shop for
tailee Leos and hats and water bottles
and more and more Haley modeled the Hat
you guys go look on maker shop she's
modeling the Hat nanny multi-model DeLeo
Haley's trying to hide that she got her
hair cut all like how she can surprise
everybody
so she's borrowed pages hat Sam you are
playlist ready okay it let's go
you like mirror sorry get distracted
with it everywhere
antara Delft employers like oh my
goodness what you do is so pretty
that's your boy look ready
cat is cute page oh that looks like a
ponytail I'm thinking you should
probably wear this on rehearsal day Oh
flatteries I mean my good night they're
more surprises oh my gosh we have like
our own fun in every day your own time
so this is what you're gonna wear for
rehearsals
oh my you're so official yeah you need
the hanger oh thank you Miss Carrie you
welcome thank you this so when you
practice you still look like a team
you look like player your flared up and
then you have these t-shirts also when
are we gonna wear those I don't know but
here's a situation are you ready to love
it I have a situation put almonds in
hand I'm a little embarrassed to say
okay so I made all these myself which is
goes it's not that impressive actually
six but and this t-shirt I just kind of
like you know like did it on my own just
I bought like red and black t-shirt but
the features are clarified knock me out
I heard that I saw people commenting
that we need to sell merch I heard I
heard flare flare merch flare where any
page one oh so this is Kate huh this is
the funny part are you ready
Chinese man yes really it's just this
well but but you guys have to be
forgiving are you ready oh geez it's
gonna be great whatever it is though
yes hey watching keep watching okay
we're still watching yes so when you're
upside down so one of us has to have
comes I don't know hailey have an action
one unless you want to be a flare mom
because I use all the transfer because
I'm not great at this ability chance
we'll do this we'll figure it out it's
okay let's get all of them oh that's
very sweet
I mean it's kind of unique for this kind
of Union like when you're upside down he
takes picture so it's like upside down
right I love it oh you're singing uh-huh
yeah there's an interview and then a
song what song are you gonna sing the
one where I go don't look at don't look
in here so I missed all of rehearsal
how'd it go I ran to the store to get
them snack feeling like they're kind of
nailing it did they nail it
I'm excited here I know I'm sorry that
was just a sneak peek guys excited you
guys excited very exciting things
happening here I got the family size
every bit flour family we just keep
adding words layer before for everything
we're Claire bear Blair page your end up
so we can roll out yeah
Hey hey guys ready for road trip into DC
all right Mary Kent you're on look at
that whole group yeah you can go with
whoever you want you're in you're in hey
now no you cannot look at her go
they can be nervous all right Mary get
the second page you gotta tune it next
is Kari
well we're here we've made it to DC yeah
sorry if you guys tell us in the lobby
and we kind of just walked by but I
we're tired and um somebody asked for a
picture and they're like you guys look
tired and we didn't want tired looking
pictures yeah I got something you need
to take a high five way to come through
the family I took one for the team
because s girls were like no pictures hi
you want to see something cool you can
see the Washington Monument from here
did you see it nothing not really I'm
not tricking you you don't see oh I
wasn't lying
there's that big huge tall skinny one
yeah what like a mirror I can see myself
in the Washington Monument
little room service because we are too
tired to go somewhere but least these
three are well done do you want to sing
happy birthday with everybody when
they're all up here
and up your sleeve we can do it tomorrow
we can up move on to sing happy birthday
because I didn't sing it at okay ready I
have a beautiful singing voice oh how
they didn't have anything I look at
everybody down there
no pages like yes it's got a bad she is
the bad I commented on your handstand
pick
you were really working hands and pick
because the last did you see a puzzle on
the next question of better work and
then it better what don't we want to get
the best was no good yeah and wouldn't
de la so my saw you you said you guys
just wait this team stands gonna get
good and you were saying blue I asked
you to make me handstand better remember
yeah and you did it I've been watching
the progress isn't you maybe work on
just wonderful I try and see plenty of
four and five-year-olds can do a
handstand like got to say their life
I mean out I mean I'm not better we want
to sing to you Haley and light your
candle we decided that we can't let
Haley go to bed without singing happy
birthday so just not everybody's up here
but she's tired we're gonna do it now
cuz we can do what we want yeah
they can all just watch the video along
with the video yeah
there's your candle we gotta wait for
Annie though leave most of your water
yes thank you okay but we gotta wait for
Annie before you I know it was all they
had
it was more than a cupcake immediately
which we already know Joel yeah which
one do you choose each one s along fine
good I'm glad you put your candle in the
one you want
hold it up high I haven't posted on
Instagram where you hold it up and get a
picture don't you drop um venue happy
birthday
to you ha-cha-cha happy birthday to you
happy birthday dear hailey happy
birthday to you oh no spit on a ball I
want why he doesn't want anyone else
even Oh get that long hair out of your
face
got it skewed oh oh wait watch your hand
oh yeah you're dripping free fruit yeah
all right yeah go ahead you guys can all
have one you're not cool if you're not
invited this party right here then
that's mine right yeah that one's mine
but lemon do you want it no you don't
have anything on your face Kaylee don't
worry nothing so clean I would like to
meet um you will dare you they don't
know don't waste the cupcakes it's fruit
time we got manna in the house I didn't
know her name till today
Kayla's birthday is still going strong
we're still celebrating how does it feel
to be Oh
Oh lights on the wall good good yeah I
own it I love it so what did you like
your cupcake ah going strong going
strong still wait to be up a blue lounge
thing yeah really
they're looking out the window
does that mango good mm-hmm all right
now question of the day Annie you want
to do the fruit one or the cupcake one
um I'll go with fruit it look fruit okay
do it um strawberry what's your favorite
kind of fruit strawberry women goes yeah
same strawberry marry somebody chubby in
blue day mmm
what's yours in Mayberry film yourself
how many strawberries probably man leave
Aries runs an almond just go ahead I
want every day okay so I thought Haley
do it since she's too birthday and it
ain't about day don't you think I'm Jim
too good to be in the question day is
why is your favorite food did my guys
boy y'all tomorrow
I see y'all tomorrow yo see y'all
tomorrow
always remember to celebrate life ah
baked potato baked potato baby thanks
for watching Vitaliy
