hi my name is today stop good morning
everybody
happy Saturday let me get this date
right February 3rd it's 824 in the
morning I'm not looking forward to
getting these two up because it feels
like we just went to sleep let's take a
look before we attempt that and hey what
a beautiful morning it is always afraid
that I'm gonna get locked out of here
every time I found out this door Oh be
stinky here it is
Washington DC in the morning for quiet
this hotels huge cuz Justin like the
other side of the hotel there's a
gymnastics meet going on that we're
gonna get down to we're gonna be an
awards so I'm going to get them up I
just got them some breakfast I'm
procrastinating can you tella waking
them up because I don't want to do it
that they had jelly beans last night but
I got the meat to banana yogurt parfait
one strawberry ones a blueberry and I'm
sure they're gonna fight over both I
couldn't decide to get which one to get
the same croissants apple juice I'm
talking about yeah but they're gonna
want they're both gonna want the same
one but I didn't know which one that
would be so I got different ones and the
spoons okay girls it's time to wake up I
know you guys didn't get much sleep last
night but yeah I know Haley it's your
turn to we got to get ready for the day
good morning sweet little vase can you
open your eyes no all right I'm gonna
continue this I'll see you in a little
bit nope they don't want to get out of
bed but Haley just announced oh man she
put him back she just announced in a
yawn full spoken murmur that she got her
arms out so that's a step closer to your
head with that when I tried to wake you
up you put your head back in when I
started talking one-arm Oh who's gonna
win the race to the table no I'm on your
mark nope they didn't fall for it they
used to fall for that they would be
pushing each other over to go to that
table
yes she went hailey oh man
snug as a bug in a rug
bull does does girl and blanket rhyme
no girls two-year old selves and three
year old selves would have loved that
or did love that like when I used to say
hey hailey go get me the comb and the
brush I would say in a bowl full of mush
trot off and bring me the comb in the
brush and then I would comb Hailey's
hair brush Haley's hair every morning
and that time we did it scuse me
downstairs and got you your breakfast I
was not happy with the room service this
morning well I'm glad they're this
bubbly in the morning yeah we didn't get
much sleep I could not fall asleep last
night got someone on our roof it's just
it is will switch why Annie she wants to
look at herself no weird
and then to these eyes kept sliding
apart any girl what's up solutely can't
fall asleep at least have someone is
that is so much even with hailey
underneath we'll get another bed up here
tonight I think I think McKenzie and
Sydney are gonna rock come hang out
tonight so we'll need some more space
all right I'm gonna tickle them out of
bed please hailey she's at least Annie's
been out of the bed I'm what you think
andis been doing all morning what's up
girl
one two three okay so yeah that happened
Latinos haven't had what a long time no
it was not from that all of a sudden
were just walking down to the meet and
her nose just starts bleeding worst
bloody nose she's ever had
could not get a stop we're in the back
we were in the bathroom for like
literally 10 minutes and we avoided
getting blood on her shirt the whole
time and then all of a sudden what we
could not get it to stop and apparently
no don't put that one in love it over
your nose we thought we had it stopped
it did not stop we came in here thought
it we had it stopped and it's not so
everybody's like staring at us vlogging
and nasty bloody noses it's great
I have to go get you a wet one in a
second again
all right well the adventure of that's
over hopefully doesn't come back
you remember this music this is level 5
level 5 music wait is it 5 Mackenzie am
i right you didn't have the music you
went because you were right right so
confusing so confusing all right
it has begun okay it's the meet and
greet get pumped we're just gonna like
play it by ear this like chill and relax
and then we're gonna kind of ask
everybody what they want to do it's like
they're in charge it's like a
choose-your-own-adventure it's a good
yeah I feel so good a new sweatshirt on
- it's like yeah people are just
starting to get here all right you guys
Q&A of course
bracelets oh darn it we have to open
that's okay you could just put them any
ability you could just put them here and
people can grab them you a went well and
now we're mingling with everybody who
like these better than the ones we did
last chair because there were so many
people there and they had to happen so
fast like you didn't get much time so we
are doing it to a smaller numbers now so
that we can have more one-on-one time
and it seems to be working well and I
just get a Q&A and you get a hang out we
bring bracelets bring Shawn when it's
the gymnastics meet and it seems me
Haley's got her own thing going on over
here Jacksonville Florida follow me at
ELISA free cousin okay what's your name
okay what is your name Kiera
all right let's you tonight my name is
Gemma what's your name you're staying
with Damien I feel it's in him wait you
knew Taylor yeah okay let's take a
picture me nanny are on a break and
we're up in the hotel you can drop the
college apartment cuz it's so big I just
love this because I can like so Annie is
outside don't know what she's doing
probably looking out my phone and I'm
inside about to call
well what did that have to do that is
awesome
this bun is comfortable you're sleeping
here than that
I want to sleep here I want to see how
it feels yeah you are
not being mean but you're just like oh
my gosh it's hot so we're gonna go Annie
you got this you can do it oh I've heard
about this you bought this go go go go
go got this come on do the little bunny
that was weird
you know double knot and nice figure
done yeah let's go downstairs
Hali wanted to take a break from the
meet and now she's pretending to sleep
but what she's really doing is watching
YouTube videos that's fine everybody
needs a break I'm gonna go down and see
what he's doing you got this kid you got
this you got this
she's got it in they'll say into the
session this includes today's
competition gymnast please give the
floor and report to the amorous area for
the awards presentation yeah yeah yeah
Kenzie there is another session going on
behind shoot buck that was little did
she know there's another session going
on yeah they're the ninth and tenth
behind you hi guys Annie stop all right
we're going to watch some nines and tens
you'd film that
that's so cool I feel like they're gonna
be war behold
I want to say c1 but I'll probably mess
the order up so I won't touch it
but you don't like it I noticed Annie oh
you're holding it for her yeah so I'm
like tired but not tired like I'm
exhausted tired yeah cuz I'm running on
six hours of sleep so question today is
what is your favorite part about having
a sleepover the best part about having a
sleepover so important whatever you call
it hanging out with friends and just
kind of like catching up on stuff it
come on yeah improving where we improv
people like we pick who we want to be
like I would be said and she's her and
mobile add me pick everybody and we all
improv any everybody it's really fun
yeah yes each other I should have been a
clothes rack I mean a coat rack to
celebrate
baked potato baby
thanks for watching
Britt Ailey
