time for me right now me and Ernest and
I'm getting we're just gonna get you man
garage so see paint okay okay I see big
gloating yes I do
where is page she already leave look
it's even me the last few days let me
hide I love her mark heavy hyper get
down I think I got her face hey I was
smart
Oh presents for me it's my bow I was
kidding I was making fun of daily Oh
Hayley and that's from your Nami
yeah no wait you saw your birthday okay
you can do it today it is from mum
it came oh I know what
this oh yeah oh my gosh look let me got
in this is honest in my what is that's
cool looks like a big girl
Oh what is that makeup brushes stop it
whoa is that a Beauty Blender or is it a
blush one yeah I know instances Hey
yep no she always sends her for mom it's
tradition
what are you guys doing crazies yeah is
that it that's said you for a cute bag
oh my goodness orange orange box that's
no no Paige knows this hey there's like
a box the box
careful goes breakable it's a growing up
girl with the number a so she's got one
from newborn when she was born she got
one and mom sends her one every year
know they're in a box upstairs we just
haven't gotten him out yeah let me see
so yeah she can stand on that huh oh my
goodness oh you owe me $25 that's crazy
that's how much you got no you don't I'm
just kidding she wanted to go to 5 below
earlier so that's awesome that it's got
some more money to add to it what is
this that's mine
I love that okay let me make sure
there's nothing in there and Chevron
that is really cute okay did you open
the other one this is adorable wait is
another car yeah the car that one's from
mum in are we having a staring contest
where you beat were you beat before we
got you using chicken now shall Barnaby
you're not scary page early birthday
since will kind of be busy tomorrow you
ah you're right you're you're modest
much about because you got to read the
card first
yes yeah you're fun you're we put her in
the trash get in there oh just hurry up
mmm you're talented
oh yeah oh you're clever yes Wow with
that for birthday gift card and there he
is he's very I'm never know it's back
handspring tuck that's not it's a back
handspring hug know what we're doing
well actually it is because it okay
you're gonna do a back tuck what hands
some of us are a cartwheel
okay to do it all I'm good oh my gosh I
know you can do that dude and I didn't
see it I don't think you could do that
the last time I was here you've gotten
so much better
oh my gosh yeah oh so wait you just kind
of flip without using your hands
that is so cool okay how do I do this
joint in my shoes honest no but actually
is alright ready
oh gosh you like your feet or wha no
what's happening you're going on have
you ever okay would you like oh my gosh
where am I going
would you let me get you Childers but my
way you're going look you want foot up
higher okay okay there's that stop stop
I can't stop it okay would you like the
setting neck and shoulders for Nexus or
um
oh yeah what's it doing it's doing your
foot in prison this is a torture chair I
can see what my beloved bugs look at
your your tiny in it yeah yeah okay is
it like a massage I don't think so this
is not good
don't need this at home don't try this
at home don't try it on yeah that's just
me do not try this at home people it's
very it's very dangerous
please ticklish house good did you
believe that we didn't tell her anything
she didn't ask for you to tell you she
was late
why are you so old stop throwing up and
there will be no engagement oh she's not
engaged yeah okay well come on let's go
meet him buy him out oh she says that's
everybody who's gonna all right we're
going to Haley's birthday dinner she
picked high hop
uh-oh just papered in that me lucky for
that chicken steak thingy oh my goodness
hey girl life's always better when pages
around
nope alcohol free and you can have it
let me see your crayon I'm gonna create
a face okay we're gonna let me it won't
work on no it won't work I do the red
eye
I can't a color on your face for the oil
it won't work
okay it's working a little bit let's not
do that
oh my gosh it is all over you whatever
any business well that's embarrassing
it really is on you
we're just joking but looks like I had a
no it's my birthday
she's already said that five times it's
not your birthday today you can say it
tomorrow you're a horrible sister I'm
scared you are fired
Danny hasn't had time to go to the store
what are you gonna do I think you're
crazy is moving oh I'm nauseous
wait what are we doing mommy we are
having a girl's hair night everybody's
getting their hair done from page or
stylist mm-hmm namely I flew four hours
in a plane just to commute but she
actually did that I probably would hmm
are you doing here here how much did we
decide you're cutting more big long
scary inches like this nope no shorter
it's gotta be agreed that it can hang
below her shoulders okay here's to this
match I'm so nervous
it's gonna be I know it's gonna be good
I'm just gonna mess up getting in the
shower and by the time I get done with
my shower she's probably gonna be so
yeah she's gonna do mine and then while
it's processing we're gonna we not me
I'm not I'm not touching Haley's hair I
would butcher it so it's like a girls
salon day with the comfort of our house
and then you stir it it's kind of like
cooking Haley yeah she's like I like
bacon yeah hmm and you have to measure
it so it is coming body it right leg
look so doesn't get on my fingers cause
it'll still stains it's gonna stain my
hair so it would probably wolf and mommy
well my hair is gonna stay awhile okay
it's Haley's turn oh yeah please don't
fall we're getting a pillow hello you
guys say goodbye to four inches perfect
by four and did you sure hers parts on
the side should be right there huh
you're sure yep that's the part first
real hair cut she's had trims but I
think four inches is definitely gonna be
the most she's ever had off say goodbye
to the light ends not nervous guys not
at all I'm gonna be like one of those
moms and like here's like right here in
your face like don't mess my kid's hair
up no I'm just kidding I'm just gonna
miss the link oh my goodness the first
cut is like my ear Oh like when your
child is first haircut yeah it's done no
going back now
oh my god I might do I'm gonna do a
little bit of times you can look at yeah
if you want to go can always go shorter
how do you feel she got as soon as she's
done I'll pick a piece up I just don't
want to get my fingers chopped oh my
gosh okay
just stay still you're gonna feel like a
new person you're sad now you're not
you're having your no she keeps moving
to look you're gonna have uneven hair if
you keep doing that oh my gosh that is
the short as it's been since she was
little I think this is enough for mommy
yeah I'm gonna I don't know Haley are
you sure you want to see I think it's
gonna be a good length that's the medium
like nothing right now is it do I need a
medium length I don't know
mine's getting pretty long but maybe
it'd be a nice change
oh you want to be the only one with the
medium length page I can do it pity she
can do whatever he wants to my hair hmm
daddy you don't want to look he didn't
want to cut it all yeah well yours was
the longest we've grown out of hair you
like it you like it she hasn't seen it
yet she had a little glimpse but I'm
about to like write it up more sure
I love face she's like I wonder what's
gonna look like when we like straighten
it and put a big um big blonde curls
please mark straight okay ready
are you ready ready it's yours I can
feel it are you ready
going to the mirror I think she loves it
um she loves to go shooting it's just
screaming and he's in the shower getting
hurt Anna your haircut it's time for
your haircut have you seen her hair yet
oh you already saw it oh yeah what do
you think that's good like your turn
finally Anna you're just doing a trim
right and layers nothing off the link
except haircut number two in the works
it's official what's official finally
right Jason dreams do come true oh my
goodness I'm next
I got next hmm yeah my hair cut look my
hair something's got to be done with
this got all that product in it Haney
and Inez literally getting a trim a
little bit off yeah I'm kidding
hailey got it chopped off yep I'll do
yours next page okay yeah I am so good
at hair I believe me I am thinking about
it was really you've been thinking about
going short but I'm gonna cry
but you can always put stuff in it right
yeah but I did it she could do
extensions I wanna get my son get
married and watch your fingers
oh when winds that Paige is that an
announcement not an official
announcement check the hand for a ring
no no
so some questions there question day is
if you could have your hair any length
what lengths would it be mine would be
longer than this but has to be healthy
mine would be short and healthy because
it is I want it to be short but then I
want it to be long so I guess I'll say
long for now since it's already long but
longer and then I would want to cut it
off make it short dude about Josh okay
so don't forget hump down below cuz we
want to know the question of the day is
it weird to be length what lengthen it
be me tomorrow
always remember to celebrate life ah
baked potato baby
thanks for watching
Vitaliy
