time for promotional and other
considerations provided by best fiends
look at the dogs it's funny
Oh what are you guys doing that was
hilarious
why do you need the iPad best bean oh
that's funny like the puzzle Dan
adventure one that we've been playing I
know that game yes and did you know that
I have a surprise for you guys I
wouldn't used to looking for the iPad do
you think you can find it sitting there
the Texan find it photographer you try
okay so best beans there's a surprise we
are going to be part of that game wait
and how we get assigned about like how I
like scible well best beans is doing a
treasure hunt a hidden treasure hunt and
15 hidden symbols are going to be in
that game and people are going to find
our bracelet Oh like hey listen yep
that's in the game
it's in the it's part of the game so if
we could find that iPad yeah yeah um
people ever looked in drawers around
here put it back where it goes we would
never look there all right we got to
give him a clue
so this hidden treasure hunt is going to
be going on for the next three weeks so
that's pretty cool you're gonna have
three weeks to find all this wait a
minute but what if we find all fifteen
hit'em symbols well then you can unlock
a free rare gift
um yeah daddy give them the clue Brina
okay it's even a li good here it what's
the clue look at it general riddle could
add some more bling 2rz
oh yes who else assembles in the game
dead this is exciting
I knew this and said master flippin
Katie's symbols and technical symbols
that was a hard turn in the game without
with ours so go three wings you guys
there's fifty but three of them are ours
flippin Katie's in Sebastopol and if you
guys need more clues you here on the
couch and you guys watching at home if
you need more clues there's gonna be a
link down below that shows there's a
video with Kate Walsh and she's going to
be giving some more clues you can go
watch that right now to get more clues
all right so it's got to be about
something fun good 77070
the limeira betta yeah easy
I found the break let's do this do you
think they have a clue you got it
they better have it so do you think that
if they went and watched their videos
they could get the clue for theirs yes
so you got to get 55 of those and kill
seven slugs and get two diamonds okay
help help me please
dad my dad take that loud mouth dog
Annie the champion it's scanning
documents so for this school what she's
doing she asked actually send in papers
so I taught her how to use the scanner
so she did the work she did this work it
was vocabulary and we just scanned in
get my work that's my hand good good
let's go back upstairs and I'll show you
how to send it to your teacher okay so
today Annie is while Haley's at school
Annie's off this morning so she's
working on school off when I say off I
mean gymnastics wise so she's working on
school and she's at her desk but we just
came by my first folder labeled school
and we while she's been doing school
I've been packing cuz you guys we're
about to County playlist and pledge I'm
super bored
yes we have playlist this weekend so
it's Claire dance to meet up and I've
started packing for both because we ever
wanted to what happened this is a nice
is what I'm bringing yes
they're finding tennis shoes yes we got
to go hunt down her tennis shoes that
like these are tennis shoes they ripped
in the toe oh they not like the hole for
to find a new pair of favorite tennis
shoes well I'm trying to find my
favorite tennis shoes I think they're
down in my suitcase from the tree house
so yeah we're going to Singapore and
Malaysia after right after playlist
and oh we get to take any school with
her my school
hope I have a scanner at the hotel cuz
you here's a nanny setup she's been
sitting here doing vocabulary and now
you need your computer
dude I teach you how to send that no
it's on your bed alright so I just
wanted to check in and say hi and let
you guys know what we're doing hacking
in school Haley's at school the full day
today full week full two weeks jeez how
are you so when I don't feel like
putting stuff in my backpack I put on
the floor plus ak1 and I can't sit up
before word because my feet my link it
doesn't read me the chip so I have
whenever I'm riding on right here the
computer they're here and then a
calendar here stinking to need opening
we're going in domestic
today we are going early err because
I'm gonna do mission a lot I can
because we're going to say import
Malaysia
but I think it's
and right now I am scratching my song
stuff
hopefully daddy's got everything
they said next time describe that I'm
relieved you the head
and
bow down bow
and he said go get me that stuff so I
can record so I can rub it on your feet
I said okay I did school
I'm gonna do a video probably after Jim
think that wasn't good but this is just
really you think that was good what do
you consider bad footage niggling look
who I captured uh Haley monster she's
pretending to slave monsters sleep like
that alright as you can see she's in a
leo
that could only mean one thing she's
going to the grocery store um no for
real we picked her up from school and
now we have to go to gym wait I can do
this all to Ojo little dos tres cuatro
Cinco seis siete Ocho Nueve Diez alright
let's go we gotta get our hair pulled up
how I know CIA man Joe how cuz I've been
saying it so many times that I'm Spanish
in Spanish class yeah because that we
were going it because um how old are you
and I said Oh Joe pendulums torture oh
we almost Hotel like today's that
tomorrow but the next day Oh Joe is it's
eight Capelli don't anything yeah you
feel old
do you feel like an old woman yet he's
gonna be Nueve next year watch out world
am no no and then the big one zero no it
won't happen it won't let it happen
fourteen
and missing are gonna be like old right
now the camera is on one of these snazzy
balls that's why it's rolling like this
oui oui okay um so I just got done with
you and Haley's action right now and my
hands are
it went very well we did some bolts I
landed on the mats with on a real table
and when I was a real table there's like
this thing called a trainer and it's
like it's on a different kind of floor
so if you don't want to pound as much
can go on that and then it just it's way
easier oh well actually right now I
don't like it easier because I can knock
at my steps on that because I'm wait
like I'm at the very end of the thing
and I'm waiting to close so means that
I'm running faster so that's good we're
huh
um what are you guys doing stretching
hard no I mean I guess over time it
could man yeah you want to be stretched
show you can grow big she looks taller
when he's next
what'd you guys do while we were at the
gym so that was it so wonderful I bet
that was wonderful that's not very often
you gonna do that did you do any more
school no all right why what - she saw
you
we're a crazy circus around here
one dude was too but it's like a button
when he when he really wants to be next
she doesn't want to get down no thanks
oh my gosh oh no never
flicking can you lift her oh my god
depiction I think she was my picture the
other day for Instagram she's always a
victor people gonna be like you love
Winnie more hello
Canton day hey what do you say half the
day hmm
so the question of the day is what's
your biggest insecurity about me what is
the thing that like you're most like
like you don't want people to either
know about you or you like you feel like
it embarrasses you or like something
about yourself that you don't
necessarily like give me example you go
first
um biggest insecurity when I was little
I didn't like my nose not my nose
I don't like my eyebrow and it goes oh I
know I know I know you dad look uh
lasses okay you were insecure by your
wearing glasses and I used to want to
take them off oh okay so um I don't we
did you call me Tampa no good to be with
you
what's your insecure I can see my
eyebrows
what's your insecurity bye-bye tomorrow
I look beautiful well look at me how
does he look at me
missing me I look so weird hello my name
is Annie
look at me I look like I have a big
forehead always remember to celebrate
like baked potato baby
thanks for watching Vitaly
