hey bratayley fans i guess you've heard
we're making history and we're starting
at the very beginning of our nation that
is we're off on a trip back in time to
the American Revolution in costume and
undercover we're in hot pursuit of
characters like General George
Washington lady spies soldiers
presidents pirates horses and some
pretty sweet dance moves will travel the
original 13 colonies to see what we can
find and recreate some of history's most
famous moment so saddle up hey
sleepyhead we got a game
I woke up today really early because I'd
like a 9:30 baseball game and I almost
hit a car and I threw the baseball a bad
but card in jannat we're all good then
let me show it up toward Washington to
showed up and de started to be pictured
this is George the man who led American
troops to victory became the first u.s.
president now taking the mound and my
family on a field trip whisker bug nasty
like straighten the ground
I mean sorted as basketball you know I
mean they're so good so this week we
went to Delaware and it was awesome we
did a bunch of cool stuff Delaware
Delaware fellow what we're we're dela
whoo so Delaware's a pretty small state
at the time of the revolution fewer
people lived there
then you can pack into Oriole Stadium
for a baseball game
what think about that but the people
that lived in Delaware you can't cook me
buddy Phil at the stadium 35,000 people
or at least we're gonna go to their
house do it will stay rolling it's okay
okay we're in Delaware race you to it
we were heading to the plantation home
of Delaware's biggest Patriots we're
about to go visit the home of my buddy
John Dickinson and his wife Mary Norris
Oh John and Mary were a husband-and-wife
team you think the British hated George
Washington they really really really
really hated John Dickinson in his wife
Mary why he was almost like America's
first blogger in a way he was like super
opinionated and he really helped get
people riled up and get him get him
pumped up to start America Mary was also
really influential she had a huge
library and wrote lots of letters
exchanging ideas with fellow Patriots
like Benjamin Franklin we're true
ooh Johnny D here we come
where we go Annie led Ronny we're gonna
go see if Johnny D's home Johnny so this
would be mr. Dickenson mr. John
Dickinson Johnny was not very talkative
so we decided to look around the house
Johnny D spent a lot of time on the run
from the British and so Mary had to run
the farm here that was like one big DIY
project you guys want to smoke some meat
they didn't have refrigerators so they
had to smoke the meat to keep it from
spoiling we went to the smokehouse it
was like made your eyes water if you
went in there
good there all right and it's like a
like all the smoke wouldn't he open the
door and I came out and it was all like
you got a meats idea yeah out of meat
saying Johnny D's me he got all the meat
from the pig that shoulders they had the
rear end they had all that and I mean
the shoulder was huge like like was it
like that bit was like
that day and they put it in this thing
called a smokehouse we've had a fire
burning just like a string and just a
bunch of meat on them on that it would
take an old rag or an old brush okay you
would take it you would dip it in
something real sticky like molasses
really sticky almost like black gooey
stuff that you like rubbed on the thing
we've got some different types of salts
just take a little pinch of this stuff
and start sprinkling it on there gonna
kind of absorb into the meat and give it
some flavor what is this that's brand
and that is basically it's kind of kind
of compared to something modern that's
like what's in your cereals today wine
was like something that now we put in
look cereal look the charms are like
raisin bran more like crazy brain would
they use lucky charms if they had it for
that fruity flavor and no it was not
Lucky Charms George Washington yeah
pretty meat then we the only went to go
tour the house oh yeah I need Cooper V
Coker Mary would have had to make sure
every room had a little potpourri in it
to keep the colonial ants and mice away
that kind of smells good peppermint ants
don't like dried orange peels my
Stanwyck
hmm I put a rose rosemary and settle and
cinnamon I always forget cinnamon
what is it smelling good hmm
and back before online shopping they
made all their own clothes here so this
is our work room this is where we do all
kinds of other parts weaving and
spinning there's like this big things
like so together a really easy loop that
have AG leftover fabric and we would
just like to catch the shuttle
pull the thing through when you step on
these two petals and I would like switch
it we would pull the thing folding this
like tight net really cool so up to the
string through to the wine Plex the next
thing you know you have a vomit
the lib day then there was this other
part which how they got the fabric is
they shaved goat and they put the goat
for sheep
thank you get the Sheep of haircut put
it on here you go like just to get all
the nuts out of their hair kind of like
a brush it is like humming you're here
you took any made it all straight they
kinda did like this they it you did this
to get it untangled it's a saw should I
do not to you with your hair
Wow let's make some let's make some your
hair cut and then brush it out I could
make something really cool I'm sure of
course all the light they had came from
homemade candles and then we did some
candle dipping which is um we start with
this thing called a wig like a big
string and you fold it like this and you
would dip it into the bees back and also
what Oh what is it called Thai tomato
wax
hallo hallo Tala and shredder beeswax
and tallow and you dip it in that and
tallow is um the fat of inner of the
animal cow and probably go No
oh my god nothing I stood with a goat
apparently so the animal fat candles
might take up to 40 dips
slow and steady with handle the thing
would be something done on a farm on a
plantation over a week after the animals
had been slaughtered to prepare for the
winter make sure they had light in the
winter because candles were the primary
light source artificial light source in
the 1700s no double dip
mom after you were done and it looked
almost like a candle you would cut off
the two edges and you would put fire on
it and then there you go to cancel but
it doesn't last very long because of the
about this tall teller that's really
hard to remember then we made some
biscuits out of um salt wheat flour kama
card the size of a hen's egg so what
area just barb the size of a hint how
big the hens and probably around yay
high
what is it cold the lard guys a salt
wheat flour lard so you can use the salt
Haley then we're gonna need a teaspoon
of salt
alright we did okay then the salt the
wet stuff needs to meet up with all the
dry stuff
but more than that folks a bit more
there you go
don't be afraid to get a little dirty
you got to like literally beat that dog
you don't beat it up we just beat up the
dough over and over again I don't really
know why Roberto but then after that we
wrote him the ball fit holding them put
them in the fire heat it up for like
5-10 minutes and we 2-0 we hit it up for
20 minutes
guess what we did do that okay we made
biscuits yeah
so you wanna know the ingredients flour
yeah young right Lord
so all I would say is and mm-hmm and
then we took him out neighbor had a bird
well we burned a few there you go what
do you think you know I think all in all
we did a pretty good job except of the
fact that we burnt them but they look
pretty tasty if I do say so myself
Johnny would go on to become a big
contributor to the American Constitution
but that was later first the colonists
had to win their freedom
Delaware's big battle took place at our
next stop then we went to crutches
bridge me buddy gonna correct me all
right Gucci's bridge with that ridge
bottle
we nailed it thank goodness budget
rather go see where the bridge used to
be koutris bridge itself isn't there
anymore and lucky for us neither was the
river its claim to fame it's the first
battle where the new American flag was
flown this was the first battle where
the colonial troops flew the Stars and
Stripes as you can see we got the old
school flag we got the 13 stars in a
circle
it also has 13 red and white alternating
stripes any idea H money you knew that
why are there 13 stripes so so they were
really into that 13 flange we got 13
stars we got 13 stripes give it up the
flag crew cheese bridge flag in the
hizzy
September 3rd 1777 the battle was fought
the Patriots being well outnumbered by
the British soldiers they lost that
battle and nobody likes losing so we
decided it was time for a battle of
coaches bridge do-over Azura colonists
on my back
let's try and rewrite history here shall
we we're gonna see if the colonies can
win the second great battle of coochies
bridge because we're going to play
capture the flag right here right now I
present you the Union Jack
the teams were me Annie my dad 1 2 3 vs.
Haley George Washington and my mom
hatred George was of course
he was like paid in like the grass the
tall grass George made it past them and
was running to the flag give it back and
I swear he was he literally knew I had
to be somewhere because he was looking
back every second it looked like he was
trying to find me and then right when he
was about to grab but I snuck out and I
tagged up
changed history the Americans won
you
