this Jana goes to Tabitha picton she's
exact suggestion and we do house tours
so that's a happy what we're going to do
or is it or is it so right now we're at
3.3 million and we're gonna try if we
can to do a shout a video every hundred
thousand so next one would be say point
four and then get five blue blue all the
way to formulate and we're gonna get to
four million
I could've worse and tickets a bunny I'm
really excited but meanwhile I am at
almost at not going and musically and
almost out one man on my channel she go
ahead you can explain that
I'm million yen on Instagram so let's
get into it
so let's get the house tour started
you guys see the kitchen a lot kitchen a
soulful a stop in the kitchen this is
our new bag so I can go back hmm
hey bruh gently water bottle whoa they
start I have something that on the Baker
shop that's cool sorry neither look
wasn't showing you guys a sure myself
that's cool as you can see we got some
water bottles we're cooking got all this
stuff you know then there's a kitchen
table and we have all this coloring
stuff yeah I'll show you guys the big
eye-dea lavertus oh you guys we're
packing and we're over trip two trips in
the house of message all of our charging
stuff over there well bench
and then you know flowers you got this
picture up here but down here I believe
them David Caleb Mary Kay Ryan and
Danielle but you closer look with that
fireplace off the game of life um and we
have whatever that is whatever that is
picture I'll kill the Merrick cake ah
Peggy babe Bulldog thingy oh we have
this pertain liebe AG how about you miss
yet oh well there it is and we have that
does this actually have any money in it
Hades actual is money in it and then
over here we have that so we're going to
tell you guys a secret now that you
might not know what I don't know if
we've ever said this in the video before
what so early in the year I have a snake
come after me huh
and I killed said snake and that snake
ended up being this and sad snake is a
fake no because you know what that's
what happens when you come at me then
got that but I sailboat we got that
whatever this is we got that plant that
needs to be watered yeah we got my
backpack we got that tripod cuz we shot
video not today
and then we got Hayley little things she
has to put away um living room as you
can tell the pills are all messed up
because these dog looks against all of
them
those are super blankets blankets our
just ripped and this is where we can
your TV stuff like our boxes all of that
cable dog toys hey doggie white oh boy
you also see throughout the house we
keep stuff that fans give us stop it
this is something that the fan gave us
ah look at that's me guys we gotta I
gotta focus that me eyes a chubby
this is the thing that everybody flips
constantly so fun cause why is this
being so okay wait just look let's just
get up my sis not focus come on come on
now okay
and then so oh and then we have laundry
room it's so messy in here long ago
that's not on so close you're getting
down to go on the trip all that so
that's all the dirty clothes and clean
clothes don't know yet and then okay so
then little lockdown finance reform all
storage and stuff and then we walk
there's the basin I'll go to that later
um we had that where we keep our shoes
in yes bathroom bathroom
duh Hey look that's me hello everyone oh
wait this looks upside down and out okay
okay and this is the office which
usually stays the messiest of any room
in the house just like office normal our
offices you want normally no more that
we keep notes on we're all over get all
the box Plex let's name it I'm about to
get that one she's about so going keep
scribe to that channel yeah and if
you're not subscribing to this channel I
would do it can I have a puff get hoarse
anyways oh subject to let's go for
jaywehrs box down there we I think it
looks from youtuber dupa dupa get bit
high then we well my mom and dad got new
luggage because we're going on tripping
the robot thingy it's a burger remember
those oh yeah there was some die shoes
oh this this is my lair looks I can it's
my dad
there's a picture of flair there's all
of them when they were this was done I
don't know
leaving Disney one day don't look at me
and then this is dude this is Carol shot
can't stop I'll finish but not on top
this is for the trip oh yeah that's for
the trip but in there this Caleb's chest
and here's the thing that most Paulie
got him in Luke and Sydney and there's
the bed bed oh wait I got showed them
are you ready for this the pillows are
gonna get all messed up and there's a
doggy bed I fell asleep in that bed the
bathroom here you shower bathtub all the
stuff toilet tip bath not ami towels
whatever this is I'm too short for this
guys look oh that's all I can see of me
I can see my eyes I know why you guys
can see and then have this awesome new
bird okay and then go out of that room
bathroom again movie go to the right up
the stairs we have sixteen stairs going
up you guys didn't know I count every
time okay
so first we're gonna start with my tall
room Kaitlyn grace is easy and dizzy and
McKenna this is the living room
I made this TV yeah this is the kitchen
that's all mine
not all of it not there's like three
minutes on that aren't mine but look how
many American girls we have 1 2 3 4 5 ok
6 7 8 9 10 11 11 um I've missed one you
come in here straight here I have all
this a horse and then inside this closet
I have more horses because I love horses
and I had this cowboy boot I had
have you had me at hey may the horse be
with you
and this little elephant that was my
dad's I got this horse this horse he's
oh I can put those in that's good idea
can you do that um uh yo yo a fan thingy
and then this is my bed this all of
these clothes on this is for the
Singapore trip this is a little singer
Singapore trip yep that's it this is
something to decorate my room with but
we haven't done it yet all of the stuff
horse thing
choreography some spoons more spoons
because I clipped spoons some are in my
closet this painting that I did is
horseshoe and ass branch and what
happened there and this portrait of me
that it did Mel's like - not really um I
got that makeup thingy majiggy whatever
that is um I have this which has some
mustard end moment because I have way
too many on my couch that thing that I
found videos with that lamp I move this
chair but this is for when I do school
here this is my desk I had my planner to
choose my makeup stuff more makeup stuff
a candle mirror more makeup stuff more
lipstick and then um horses for dummies
and then sixth grade because I'm going
into sixth grade stuff I got makeup I
have this big giant horse eye this big
horse picture and over here I forgot it
over here I have the little designing
phase with some of my pictures and then
I have those I have the horse stuff like
this thing called look like the thing
that I painted faith up all of these
pictures
yupper doodles I have some pictures of
my cat links he passed away
lene Haley we can go into my closet
which is over here and your GG I have my
dirty clothes over here my short sleeves
right here my long sleeves up there I
have over here all my clothes
I have that I have all of that
decorations that I could decorate my
room with that I'm like no room I have
like hat and jacket and bag and then I
have then all my trophies
more trophies I have this thing that I
got in Japan oh noes - um all of this
stuff a competition leo from last year I
have these which my grandma gives me
every time I turn another age so it got
up to 11 I've got all these books I have
another horse book it's just kind of
knickknacks in here
I got a mirror isn't it beautiful
we go into my bathroom which we have
just done let me just pop that in that
bubble bah
but have a purple toilet don't know
got it and I have this thing I can have
like little bathroom I have that towel
the mirror my mirror um this is a loft
area stuff that was in the dorm
footnotes I mean no Moulton used to be
like a storage room and you use my room
this is some clothes for long your stuff
and here's my school thing about know
what it's up there
oh here's my closet here's my bathroom
it opens up I are you opened it so it
looks like a bookshelf but then it comes
in to this bathroom okay so now that
we're here we come down the stairs more
stairs for sirs Oh dog star you're
alright so this is the baby version this
is where daddy is all the time and you
said to this tear any watches TV and
you're the sauce your blankets Anna this
is my last year and so spoiler alert I'm
thinking uh I made a channel a while
back someone you know
dad Kaylie I'm thinking about starting a
gaming channel I'm terribly gaming
section you're pretty sure there's are a
lot of our messes up here's our cool
timer we never play on mm-hmm
and one to go what you want eat and the
collectors ok this bedroom I was crazy
watch the same he liked it mmm pretty
much a sexy love did someone put some
pictures of him in here how he left it
no a lot of that stuff with stuff we got
out um but this is most that's how he
often that a car john copik
and this is where all of our board games
are they don't look dog we have to get
rid of those those are their old cages
and they weren't opening properly
anymore so the dogs like so this is
Piper's hmm that's Gigi's and that's
morning and before you guys say yes I've
heard it's a nice big cushy bed and they
not because when you choose your bed
every time we put a nice cushy bed and
when you stage and get shooter and
sometimes
Minnie goes in Piper's cage and we're
not watching her cheaters Piper's better
thank you guys hope you've enjoyed this
video don't forget to like and comment
down below what you think we should do
for our next shout-out video don't
forget to subscribe
definitely because we need to get to 4
million
we need to mmm it's a must mmm it's a
must and yeah
I always remember to celebrate life
every long ah babe a thanks for watching
Vitaliy
