this is an ad for Nintendo tie for me
what are you guys doing what playing the
new Disney Art Academy video game on the
new Nintendo 3ds XL system sometimes
daddy reminds me of Simba because he
always thinks he's King hmm I think
mommy or kinda reminds me of Elsa do I
remind you that hmm probably wait I have
a good idea how about use Yahoo I remind
you up in agile
who you remind yeah okay why don't you
tell them about the game well you can
learn how to draw your favorite Disney
and Pixar characters such as Mickey
Mouse Lightning McQueen from cars and
Elsa no that's not why I'm drawing a Lee
there are 80 characters it's going to be
hard to get the game guide you through
40 different step-by-step lessons
inspired by illustrators at Disney Pixar
it's really fun you can take basic
shapes and create more complicated ones
and you can enhance visual depth by
using color shading and bring the
characters to life by adding character
expressions the fresh form gives you the
ability to use special Disney like
magical effects to add the perfect
finishing touch to your masterpiece with
the effects such as glitter sparkle
bubbles stars clouds and more done then
do how about you guess which character
the other one drew using on doors well I
think you enjoy their jasmine or Ariel
but you probably chose Ariel okay on the
count of three turn your 3ds XL around
one two three
ah I knew it you think I'd be wrong look
my mom's eyelashes don't forget to share
the pictures by using the image share
tool to upload and share to Facebook
Twitter and miiverse you can also view
other works of art from all over the
world okay now we draw you guys who you
and dad let's see here
Wow I'm singing the lines really well
looks like it's time for the hand
there's the hand found it and this is
hand really small oh okay
Wow the tail is the hard spurt to do
well that went pretty well okay now time
to do the mouth in the chest okay looks
like I end here I'm gonna dolls feet now
so I'm blending in her dress this is
kind of a pretty color
now I'm gonna color in his ears
now I'm gonna color her sleeves and the
rest of the dress the lines supposed to
be fair gemonese this one now oh no I
meted roles I scary and about there go
up mine use acute of the line everything
you time to switch think so wait a
second
his either black is noses pink okay now
I'm gonna make her eyes let me just
smooth this out a little bit almost the
full lion let me go straight here oh
here we go
her eyeshadow was really pretty you look
cute now it's time to make her red
lipstick this airbrushing tool is cool
look how far you can zoom in I didn't
know lions have black on their ears and
one last little bit and done here we go
out looks pretty good on this tool is so
cool
all right there oh look it can make it
pop out time to put on a glow her skin
is like really flawless I wish I could
just draw on my skin starting to look
just like Daddy now I'm gonna get real
advanced and do some shading this
definitely looks like mommy just got to
add some freckles voila my masterpiece
it's done for the question of the day
which is what character trait do you
share with a Disney character hmm I
would say Tigger because he's nothing I
think I married up because she's brave
and she has curly
is that have you at people curl they're
good these days
hi Turtles
always remember to celebrate life ah
babe thanks for watching Vitaly
