today I'm Batali Hayley and there you
have the dollhouse the other brothers
under 9 that good gonna take a while
yeah so right now I just finished my
second day of second grade BAM okay so
and since this is very happy news for me
but sad news from my mom and dad I'm
almost 8 I am turning eight
we are looking forward to do my
dollhouse because it's off my back bang
start working on putting it together
tonight I think
hopefully we'll be able to finish it
what's he doing up there doing the DA
excited birthday present birthday
present I love when dogs lay like that
like Piper it makes me laugh why hide
its silliness mm kkkkkk is here
how many case 1 k MK m kk you lots of
k's who knows you got winning hair all
over you oh he loved the Winnie
I'll learn and not wear black around
Winnie
what kind of after-school snack did you
just shove in your mouth it's all right
your face now let me guess
chocolate-covered strawberry huller fall
back
you have something in your hand oh oh
like what not know it's brown no what is
it
oh I'm not touching it
there it is
it's like dirt I think they were running
around in the backyard earlier dirt or
food smell it Haley see if it's for
chocolate it could be chocolate so there
Haley's got homework tonight you guys
it's finish finish finish she's got to
line these up adios buenas noches fine I
know what ghost heart is me you do is it
mean oh we're gonna give a all the
answer look at her listening what does
it mean oh no good afternoon monus's
mama's daddy's you know a song hey we
got to start this year off right
homework nachos boy knows nachos is the
only way
she winos nachos why Nadia how long is
it gonna take you to put that doll house
together
Oh Harbor birthday is everyone maybe
when she's my monteux's honors tnz you
think which is nice you can have it yeah
Haley and there you have a dollhouse the
other mothers under nine that good gonna
take a while
thanks daddy you're all lying actually
but for real she's like when is it
actual yes and a half of boxes oh he's
got all the boxes out bad though he's
got the one box open there's a lot of
boxes ya gonna be busy
oh you too every time I turn the camera
okay there she goes on you step back
edge mommy just makes me laugh Oh Gigi
bones and Winnie
yep thing trying to go help him put the
doll house together Piper because you're
gonna live in it right now we are going
wait I'm gonna do it daddy does when
he's telling a conflict when he's
telling a story he plays with this hand
he doesn't play with the sequins he's
like not usually that hands at all yeah
like he's like and we're going it too
late like what I don't know if I've ever
known as youth oh yeah
and then if you see me to the side I'll
be like trying to the same thing he does
a lot of hand wish million like this
like windmill on the counter and you're
talking like have his hands like like
this and I'll be like here you should
you should actually watch I'm sure I've
seen it and just guess I'm so used to it
hmm how was practice it was good it was
good
what ya got a freckle freckle I practice
yep it's right there
no I'm kidding I've had that freckle but
when I did get that purple I thought it
was a scab how was school was the first
it was good it wasn't a decent micro wow
I was doing really good
oh that's exciting I have some answers
in history that I have to go back and
look at and then some of my vocabulary
that Tommy went too fast like you didn't
really jump are you eat grass Adi
Higgins
um mom and dad are funky but Hayley's up
here yeah she is in your old house that
came for Herbert Oh
can I help ya so do you like it
she's moving in hey guys right now it is
question of the Deuter good day um and
the push of the day is
would you rather hair up or hair down I
like our board out I'm very tired
growing up up so like an opponent own
something Annie I say literally I would
say hair ah
I don't know what it will have her up
most of the times actually but I think I
like my hair yeah
well get down quickly up to you neither
it depends on the day if I'm having a
good hair day him down but if I'm not
I'll just put in a pony for a bun so
don't forget to come because even it is
would you rather pair up her hair down
may tomorrow always remember to
celebrate
thanks for watching
vitaliy you guys I'm in bed for the
night and anyone to know go with Piper
bonus footage or even a mover no when
he's on your side of the bed she's down
there you guys she fell asleep on the
dog bed what is that we cover up dog
depart Oh leave her alone what are you
gonna do with her
yeah Oh Oh
Piper's move-in
I cannot believe she laid on the dirty
dog bed tired Billy what are you gonna
do with her little girl
put her in the bed for now in this bed
I can't believe she's fell asleep there
oh alright guys
oh she wants fiber but fiber in the bed
- oh just blank he'll do
