it's official guys she's a second grader
today it's happening little breakfast
before we get the day started
and then we're gonna get dressed and
we're gonna drop you off at school and
you up at gym this is old news for you
your old nose I think daddy's coming up
the stairs we're all away slowly coming
up the stairs maybe not I can't wait to
see Haley in her uniform and her
backpack there he is
we're not warning people you guys I'm
not I'm just pretending to be this
Shepherd just kidding
I'm not a morning person though but I've
been awake for about 15 minutes longer
than they have we're gonna get our day
started
are you excited Haley yeah this is about
how much they talk in the mornings
okay Haley's ready it looks so school
girlish you look are you ready okay
let's snap a few pictures get your
backpack on you guys look at her and
he's sporting the sporty look number one
Annie was in this much and Annie never
wore a uniform but you just mean like
dressed up but I was just like that all
right
what was that nigga laughs yes we gotta
do some pictures Haley get your backpack
on oh my gosh it looks so big stop it
second grade let me just sit here and
take this moment in for a second okay
we're out of time for taking moments in
first day of second grade remember when
you had a second
second first day of first grade last
year this is your first day of second
grade it is okay let's go let's go let's
go to your classroom oh good and he's
got hair done nice bun another epic bun
I know
bum bum in a bun we're on our way to
pick the big girls up Danielle and
mary-kate from their second week of high
school well the beginning of their
second week I and Hailey after we get
the big girls we're gonna go get Haley
from her first day are you guys excited
to find out how much fun she had are you
excited I'm so excited I bet you she had
so much fun okay
um I got it not do this at the same time
can I pull out we're a little running a
little late cuz we want to go get a
drink from chick-fil-a cuz they have the
best styrofoam cups so I gotta go cuz I
can't drive in film at the same time yep
guys this is what's happening we got
here really early no I was right that's
how we're running late we weren't we got
where we needed to be way quicker than I
thought we got these two yes sir
and now we're waiting on the Haley bug
age money
the second grader
fight fight fight fight those love love
I don't want to see your face so how do
you think her first day went do you
think she liked it or you think she
hated it
yeah I think she'd be one of those girls
actually really actually enjoy school
she does like school
does she like socializing nope okay
she likes math oh she's really good with
numbers and she likes her friends
that's why Haley go to school and for
recess which is for the friends but oh
you go you stop getting recess and after
fifth haven't had it for a while oh so
great it's like they're like cool kids I
hung out with the slightly cooler sounds
like the really cool kids cuz there is
the me Oh what was your favorite grade
so far so good
starting with kindergarten that might be
my question of the day if I remember if
not it's a good question for question of
the midday yes three seven oh no it's
actually hey hey because I cuz you
maintain that and I just bow I did
basketball I did travel you're a busy
little bee very busy I didn't just go
home and sleep and not do my home yeah
I'd say third or ten third grade or
Oh Mon Serb I dominated the school in
third grade adorable with the illusion
no no we did people they were following
us Taylor fade that chill value that
they did great because I just like met
some really cool people are you not cool
in fifth grade no talking either
no I see kids I can't see I have these
new glasses so they just they do sell
vintage s ado then not completely like I
can't see far things
oh I said it's great the little girls
about to come out you guys the little
big girl this season right now I know I
hope she had fun I know when we dropped
her off she had met or Sita got to meet
up with some of her friends that she
hadn't seen all summer they were very
excited okay we're about to move they
seem too little their little itty bitty
do they do it by grave oh yeah Holly how
was school good would you do nothing
much is it fun yeah Oh what is this oh
that's a parte ly shirt oh hey I got a
ver tailee shirt I know it is like
hailey how was it
you didn't hear that whole conversation
Ari I was trying to squeeze it's my big
car out of the tiny parking lot with it
so much harder than first grade
yeah oh you got that she got it in the
bed they didn't get that Oh math made ya
give you a run for your money last yr
you have your PE shoes on um answer yes
what perfume on Haley because my these
are really comfortable
and my arms other shoes are in my bag
okay on the move again in from the birth
day of school and out to ligand a second
week of June second week on that
schedule alright we gotta go Oh Wendy
just open the door hey smarty pants back
it up back it
oh now you got them all I will love you
and miss you all while I'm gone okay bye
all right you gonna make it through this
day hailey it's gonna be a long one
because she didn't go to bed at a good
hour because we're used to summer and
got up super early and he's on a
business call like legit with daddy
daddy's obviously got a branding deal I
don't have you guys sup know sometimes
we do these oh hello mr. ambulance these
deals like when we just did the snapchat
for the jungle book like we get to
decide if we want to take them and so
she's being offered something in LA in a
few weeks and she's on the phone call
with daddy he's getting it giving her
all the details and can take that my
white screen actually I'm on a phone
call no texting while driving and she's
had to decide if she wants to miss
gymnastics for it
I conjure a bit right after a big
grandpa I don't know I think you're for
the side like now
okay pressure much so wait so we're just
going to away from Friday Saturday said
like going and would it be like I
wouldn't make it to domestics at all
grown-ups session right how about wait
what if we just put did like a private
like right before that like I stay after
on Thursday
okay what when are we is this
interfering with Singapore and Malaysia
like how would she get practice in
between Singapore Malaysia and LA
okay we have a trip to Singapore
Malaysia say it again
me no not yet yes so there you go he's
going to look at it don't cuz that's a
good idea I could just stay out after
practice one day and get some of that
practice there you go you guys got an
insight into a little business decision
I don't think she said the word love he
said our word strongly this plane
strongly just like art not like the art
of doing art I see what I did there
art history and he's taking an art
history class and it was her first day
and she loved it mm-hmm
packing up her school tomorrow instead
of it what you get fresher than you got
fresher website frustrated with science
why science was being mean to you energy
resources whatever that is I hope you've
learned did you have a quiz if you had a
quiz yet oh just yeah like a graded quiz
why did you fail baby did you fail
problem
oh come on back Hayley had practice
today how did that go after falling
asleep in the car I was about to film
her you guys she fell asleep on the way
to gym but I was trying to open the door
carefully but her head fell and she woke
up as such good art and Hayley when
she's woken up abruptly sometimes a
little bit grouchy mister gotcha
otherwise known as red tail EMU Malaysia
she was a horribly grouchy but she
didn't want to go to gym after falling
asleep in the car but she fought through
she went to gym she did some bread hip
circles I don't know if that front hip
circle footage is making it today
yesterday's video was that yesterday
yeah but it's gonna make it to a video
but yeah she got her friend circle
yesterday what no I gotta like when you
don't feel like going oh well I thought
sorry officially yesterday must be like
going up sticking with the job and why
are you putting that on over good I
don't want to change it so you're just
putting more clothes on uh so it was a
long day first day of school for you
long Daved NASA's for you nice rolling
of the eyes are crossing of the eyes
that was impressive you know if you make
that face so look for so long it's gonna
stick that way okay so we made it we did
a question of the day earlier and
luckily I remembered what it was what is
what is your favorite grade you've been
in so far oh not safe from you like no
you can't count you count sec you can't
yeah sure but you can't say ii cuz you
don't know the only had day of sargon my
friends and um preach a you know what
you gotta pick one okay because of you I
remember rip v because you when you
remember like
huh what was that good meat fruit again
yes yes I did
it makes a nice throat itch Mia and her
parents sent us as thank you fruit yeah
for the trip which I don't know why I
mean we were so happy to have her it was
so nice of her what she's like it's not
comfortable now so that's it guys we
gotta get ready for bed
yes you need to post on Instagram oh you
did you need a picture friends yes I do
be the picture for Instagram yeah get a
long day we could do it all over again
tomorrow you don't have gym tomorrow so
guys we'll see you tomorrow
audios or voix I don't know any other
languages Tom at some languages for good
bye
I said adios and arbois and bi or voix
Express that's French for hello you can
say it in the morning you'll probably
forget guys we'll see you tomorrow
haven't got oh yeah come on up but I
need to know - what know what another
way to say that well they're gonna
comment some way it's gotten did you
tell you that you know always remember
to celebrate life ah
 baked potato babe thanks for
watching
Vitaly
