time for me it's Sunday fun day starting
with school and he's doing some more
school today she's doing math Syd's here
she's hanging out with us for the day
we're going to dance gymnastics private
what should I write for watching the
dogs line up your nose like what you
think the definition of that have Roman
numerals Roman numbers numbers Jews in
Rome def what do I say definition in
Roman numerals yeah exactly what you
lucid you chairs came upon now it's been
coming apart huh oh look how Gertie it
is - let's just get you another one
we're gonna bout to eat some lunch put
that down yep and that's about it
sunday Hayley's start school tomorrow I
don't think I can take it don't think I
could take it so yeah we're at the going
to flaner practice it's like one of our
last practices hopefully we're ready
what is that Miss Carrie Blair 2016 it's
an attitude it is I love it I don't see
any but I might just have them for all
of the parents oh I love you and it says
flare mom or flare down whoo look at a
site are you jealous that we've got
shirt with it well we want oh you have
caused all around it that's my is it's a
little coral I like it ah thank you Miss
Carrie there's lots more surprises
that's just number one that's just the
first ride it looks so good
they are let me feel
turn around any she bedazzled the old
one and added the new one it looks good
turn around love it
she's amazing yeah first run-through
yeah hope you guys remember it this
could be one of the last full of
practices katie's for an ease forward
and Hayley's right here in the middle
you right you're eating this help you
guys is farther Annie you're going
rather them up over changing little
things here and never make it a little
bit sweeter more like you really is and
then a what I'm hoping is Haley's going
to be here in the center so yeah moved
to the center hey miss Carrie bedazzled
bottom good I brought you my Haley's
been hustled if you guys can't see any
me did you give me the block was back
when she's out sparkly watch Claire
where we are we've got like give this
shirt after all gonna get up jacket you
guys saw those earlier no I'll be scared
come on mister okay there you don't put
me in that kind of sentence but neither
got a pressure
we still love you guys but that was not
good
ah we're going to the hard floor she's
yeah shoes you guys that was so much
that last run-through was so much better
it's coming together you were three
different hairstyles out for each of you
and then you can decide that day what we
do here we go first time in the other
room okay did your head we're not
dancers we don't know these things oh oh
you got Victoria almost the same size
but that's okay if you're ready
you've already warmed him up in the
other room you've got it nice yes Haley
don't move Andy's tumbling we have her
stop traffic okay
you've got it
yeah seit no issues I have audience
lockers that guy chased it going
you see he didn't read the ticket in at
my kitchen porter hunt for bears they
wondered because it's this time see he's
in the post he's he's about to go which
what you don't he's acting like he
didn't do it received in his position
but hey we know he went like that and a
ruin alright just now they both fell in
the full runs are a second ago so that
we're redoing is anybody else think
they're whiny today why near the normal
oh okay they decided to put their tops
on for this last final run-through to
you maybe this might be our last time
through we're thinking about maybe one
more later on and then stage rehearsal
this is getting close guys they're
watching it first time that they've seen
it I guess huh we're going to dance
and again I'll get an animal that Danny
you know her um Katie and me Thank You
Thomas Jill brought some snackies I'm
sure it's super healthy cuz its BP onion
your protein miss Jill's got that
bringing our protein oh it's perfect is
it good
take a little tiny bit good great
there's chicken salad you guys are
chicken salad this is perfect I jump in
a good gymnast lunch is ready
what kind of Oh mango I'm diggin the
jacket Susie jackets I know you left
early but did you see Miss Kerry's shirt
that we're getting it's really cool it's
cooler than that now it's it's cool
it's black it's got flare on the back
and it's got like outline and coral oh
and I think it's gonna say like flare
mom or something yeah we're gonna look
so cute you guys we're official dance
number two with with like costumes and
uniforms
first arms going favorite I think so who
would buy flair merchandise thumbs up
comment down below
alright and they all land on a different
number housekeeping Oh number like all
different numbers
like 40 Q&E just got six dollars we've
like stood a vibrant I mean two dollars
if I roll a six can I have two dollars I
said sure I should yeah yeah all
different numbers nothing can be the
same HIV in Iraq they do they have to be
in a row - oh there's only two twos sick
you want me to dollars oh yeah
all right baby let's go back yeah we got
to get out of here get your stuff and
let's go
that privates come to an end we're going
home and getting ready for Haley's first
day of school
hmm yes good luck ah duh I can't go I
can't see mommy a kid
okay see
do you guys notice that we're missing
two kids we stopped and got some you
never did we just realize how late it
was and how we needed to eat yeah and
Sid had to go home and get some clothes
because she's um
her parents are out of town so she's
kind of staying with me and here
well no delay I hadn't changed yet with
us in a neighbor yeah and okay thanks
talking well thanks I'll do the joking
and so they went Haley and Haley I'm Sid
learning to go grab her some clothes and
we came to get a gas because we were
almost out of gas so just me and Annie
and Annie's being like weird I know you
guys are surprised to hear that
I dig Melia all right rot sip of coffee
garden I'm too lazy I just had a private
yeah I'm Claire practice what a day oh
my god oh my god I didn't do anything
that you guys near anything you guys
have it I am white oh now we're almost
home finally escape and Annie's side
Annie's crazy voices she's practicing
her musically know what so she left her
phone away
oh so this is what happened no no no the
funniest thing is her face there's a
show named the voices let
that everybody's big client can you talk
to Haley did hey it's nothing at the
camera every time I don't go y'all the
burches way it's time to go to bed and
Paley's upstairs and she's probably
gonna come down in a few minutes
to wrap up with me if she does then yeah
so question today what is your most used
app on your phone mine would be
musically Instagram or snapchat depends
on the day
mostly musically so don't forget to
comment down below cuz you wanna know
that question of the day is what is the
most used app on your phone bye I will
see you tomorrow always remember to
celebrate life take baby
thanks for watching the daily bonus
footage guys so I am really bored right
now and I'm just looking on Instagram
right now and I'm looking at some edit
of Caleb right now
and they're really good just like to put
that out there um there by Caleb WBU I
think yep so I go check them out they're
really nice and
