time for me right now Kim first day back
and I'm pretty tired because um got like
really late last night and I like food
we're gonna see Mary Kate today hmm and
aunt Elyssa
you know skip
everyone join us as in oh hey Lanie when
he heard me talk how witty your claws um
Annie is doing some school on Saturday
super eager to start right now we're
working on some vocabulary how are you
gonna have enough room to write the
definition okay what it's a really long
definition oh okay um so you're the plan
today is this hey Lisette Jim already
she had to be dragged out of bed this
morning Annie and I got to sleep in
daddy took her I'm gonna pick her up
we're gonna go film a video with Mary
Kate for Mary Kate um is it true Plus
dare I kept truth plus dare she's uh she
fills in a lot for truth bus dare and
she also makes her own videos based on
the truth bus tears I don't know she
also fills in for oh my gosh you guys
haven't checked those channels out you
should the videos are super funny I
think we're going live on lively later
today for bratayley makes history our
fourth episode came out yesterday so you
guys I've got to be sure to watch that
because I think so it's New York and I
watch part of it before we took off last
night and I lost Internet and it might
be my favorite so far
I didn't watch it all but I thought it
was really good so that one's fun and
that's it we're just going to hang out
and take it easy today cuz tomorrow
we've got a big day we've already made
more
plans you've got player practice and it
could be our last one before like
rehearsal on stage because playlist is
not this weekend but next and then we're
also having a private with you Mia it's
not really a private when it's because a
private means like usually one person
but anyway Mia you and Katy and maybe a
little bit of hey hey again because you
guys all miss three days of gem so Mary
thought it would be a good idea and I
agree that we get you guys in there okay
some days not that busy but anyways
we're going to continue doing a little
vocabulary before we go get hailey
and we're glad to have our little
puppies back two of them are over there
sleeping can you see them watch that I'm
too lazy to get up you guys where they
are and he just made me do him musically
and I don't I said it was horrible and
then she was laughing because yeah yeah
it was good I'll post that one good bye
zip it cuz you were laughing at me so I
know it wasn't good if your left yeah
exactly when you watch it yeah
so we will you pick a family and
butternut late so I will pick up the
camera after we're done this musically
but I have to do now so she let me post
it so I do I do like a lop at me I'm not
um user it's so funny you mean it's so
good not funny there's nothing funny
about it cuz I nailed it
oh absolutely was actually pretty good
we have to run in and get Haley well you
have to run and get Haley you're gonna
stay in the car yeah
adios amigos adios oh now it's time
we're gonna party I got a lot how's she
going we can party so I'm gonna teach
you guys how to make it basically uh-uh
so you have your camera and you have
your face um you pick a song and then
you film your face with your phone and
you move the camera I knew I liked you
be a sneak I have 100 1114 but - all my
privates 17 privates so that'd be 1100
minus 3
1097 the ticket the better I was just
walking around actually no we're doing
something Dunbar's and it would like
this really cool thing for
Freudian circles like a drill I get
you're okay and it it was different than
what you taught me mommy okay
and it's like okay so you put your hands
on the block a block and you go with you
um go and then you touch the bar and you
go over like oh she said you're like on
top of the bar so I went again and I was
on the bar Bella
oh hey and she told me to go again and
then she uh she goes hey lis you made it
I'm like what you didn't know you made I
didn't know my me oh and then she goes
try get out huh um I want to see it and
did I do it and I get on the bar and
then she says go again to see cuz miss
crystal wants to see it
okay again and I went up and I made it
yay that's awesome now there's a lot of
going against but good job I made it
three times yeah not with this tickets
for yeah here we are at em cave house
yeah Jim Kay's house not aunt with us
it's it's it I pay the rent m'kay so as
are these ingredients oh my god milk I
don't think we said what we're doing but
there's ingredients involved
we're helping Mary Kate for
guest-starring I guess you could say hmm
Haley next Saturday's video cuz the
slippery slide went up this morning oh
we're gonna go look at that oh I haven't
seen it in hmm oh my goodness so the
others I guess
people might be able to guess what we're
doing here not stir we're not gonna tell
you're got to wait and find out our
secret yeah yeah you think isn't mush
what sauerkraut Cobb on I even reminded
you
okay what do miss day hope if mary-kate
wasn't eating a pop-tart I don't think
it's gonna go I this is already like
cutting off my circulation Oh
comment down below if you guys have
figured out what she is doing it looks
like a dress this could be a dress idea
that's a good idea
whoo we might have been thinking of a
theme Vinny laughing around with a high
make your own clothes and go out in
public wearing it Joey let's do it a
future dare
well videos done Oh Hayley wasn't
supposed to get messy you guys had to
check out his troop up there this was a
dare
so mary-kate channel Andrews Plus dare
to see what went on
as always we do these videos to
entertain you guys and they work really
hard on them so make sure you check them
out we've got oh my gosh
truth plus dare Mary Kate's channel
officially m'kay
okay I need her out bro oh yeah don't
wash her face yet but clean up there's a
rainbow we're going and mama know
there's a rainbow
I love ah
so um Amitha and mommy went to get food
and we're here watching TV we are on
this one and so we are going to jump
yeah and it's gonna be fun
hmm all right we're doing a little you
know sunset sunset swimming go hey go
hey do it
ooh I want a fish that's good it's warm
already
we're like I'm swimmer too high for me
for me it's too high - does everyone
they're coming they're coming I'll just
push you in then why is the ladder down
supposed to be at
there's probably barnacles all over it
about fish what is this roughly true
are they being loud you can go to the
ladder I want to use your muscles splash
the spider muscles
with a lot of rustling oh there's no
barnacles oh oh yes of your though
mary-kate's hurts you guys mary-kate
just impossible
Billy is your phone in your pocket
Billy where's your phone where's your
phone no it doesn't fit really have a
lot of the red ones waterproof do you
really have it you please I didn't even
think about that there's also no it's
love you can touch I don't have to touch
it warm temperature did you guys see
that oh I think I missed it now let's go
hey well you do it again I think I
missed we didn't get anything I missed
like for real I think I'm insane 100
guys let's go
yeah oh who does it does vault good
thank you for standing on it care any
worse huh really slow okay we
spur-of-the-moment hide it to go to a
movie
we're seeing Pete's dragon surprise it's
really late it's like a late night okay
and daddy bought us tickets to a really
cool theater tell us about it
it has assigned seats so you already
have received the seats lay back yeah
did have a footrest Andy's showering
right now so probably like water this
like all of a sudden we they were girls
were swimming and in the hot tub and we
were like what can we do on Saturday
night
okay Hayley's first drink of our
kombucha from our very own mother
seriously do you like it it's not bad I
know I like it
do you try it yet Mary Kay tried it yet
she took it out of my hand we're waiting
for Annie to get out of the shower this
is like kombucha I don't know
yeah some you can just have that drill
me not bad I supposed to be really good
for you that is good you can buy it too
so hold on now let me show you wait
knowledge it's too late you've already
drank so much here now that you really
like it let's see whoa you're spilling
it why are you doing that dude wait oh
wait wait did you make that yes
homemade kombucha wait what is kombucha
what did this thing organism is an
organism
what's it I know how is it right so what
it does is it takes block tea and sugar
and it breaks it down and it causes this
have you tried the kombucha yep did you
like it that's so cool did you hear
it's a wife of not one that's connected
to here it is alive if you here's a lot
of amber Chi awesome we're going to are
you excited at Illinois you told her
okay well let's go spur-of-the-moment
ten o'clock
night movie theater the Keaton yeah get
some shoes on that would be smart you
guys I don't this is awesome
you have one of these
we got my with me drinks we've got
recliners I got it I could do it
good night everybody
so did you guys enjoy don't say I never
want to see him again was he that you
guys an emotional roller coaster that we
just saw do we even say what we saw yeah
happy and sad happy and sad at one point
I didn't know if I was supposed to be
crying happy Jesus did you cry yeah
daddy daddy said he's never seen a movie
with other games with me with you
personally do you think that yeah that
theater was awesome what do you think of
the theater though the movie made us cry
all right I know the dragon was so cute
I know it was a lot like PI for you guys
guys we cried we left we got angry for
like I got someone to punch that gun
which Jeff it's very end like the most
emotional course the whole movie
all you hear Haley's nerd like Grady was
raining nerds like this please let it
stop did you only like one nerd because
I swear the whole box spell we are home
and our entire I don't know Christian
day so just go with what's your color um
so yeah my favorite colors are blue
yellow and purple so yeah um don't you
come to look at your own as it is let's
favor colored I see tomorrow always
remember to celebrate life
ah potato baked potato babe okay
thanks for watching Vitaly
