where she opened up I was pretty smart
my idea and you get the corner
how was Narnia saw a lion you see a
witch no no this is me hey I love your
morning here it's fabulous don't be
creepy Annie I don't like creepy Annie
so it's the morning of our last day here
contain us some of us are going
ziplining some of us are not have a bug
bite and he has a bug bite like you're
not big enough and we're gonna go on a
plane home tonight late tonight are you
gonna miss the place like at 7:00 p.m.
so what are we gonna do that you're
planning we're gonna find something to
do here in a text we call it they call
it a tag here and I take a shower okay
let's not climb on that get down
everyone get down get down
oh okay this isn't funny now
Haley Billy come over here and rescue a
child please rescue her
what's concrete down there I got your
child okay so we are going to live it up
suppose dividing going to pining is
great even know I'm going to pining last
day here a branding issue
there's solvation big girls and mr.
Billy and the rest of the gang
they all went ziplining Haley doesn't
weigh enough so we're gonna stay at the
house we're gonna swim in this pool one
of us is who brought the Nutella out
here and he didn't I'm gonna beat her
when next time I see her probably all
kinds of bugs in it right we're gonna
hang out here before we get on the plane
we got a few more things left to do
today oh my gosh gone they really liked
this Nutella okay so we're hanging here
there's a finding we are going to go try
to walk over the zipline course goes
through the treehouse where we stayed
and we're going to try to meet them over
there and try to see them ziplining
that'll be fun
other than that we're gonna just hang
out and wait I think they've got like
two hours of ziplining so it's just me
and Hayley for the next two hours the
fun people you guys want to see this
little mermaid swim now I would if
you've seen it the video when I could
swim now you can do the video where I
can't all right let's see it yeah she's
very happy this is a great thing for her
to learn to swim look at that fish she's
like a fish you made it all the way
under the water she's been trying to do
that yeah she's been making it to about
right where she is standing and then
coming up that's awesome we're back in
the treehouse
Hayley feel a little dip in the water
we're here to collect everything that we
brought to the treehouse yep and they
should be ziplining through here soon
mm-hmm to be bug juice legs using so
we're gonna be listening to see if we
hear them come through we're gonna miss
this bridge and miss the sound of this
little creek below us yep that's where
they're gonna be coming through soon we
found the zip liners there they are you
guys see them over there all that color
and hardhats hang on the partners going
first is probably one of the guides
probably be smart so they're gonna come
into this gate right here
and we'll watch it happen you're coming
right here yeah Annie and Billy racin
daddy and Aniyah racing
I think she got you a good hop up there
fun was it fun did we think you won I
win all clear that Katie and me it looks
like cool
that was pretty close I won they both
compensate they both won
hmm Gator Joe man
it's the first to this platform I'm
gonna have some yards all the way around
and come Sunday you guys go in there
with Hayley
okay you guys we just got to watch the
zip liners they did so good and now we
get to carry the rest of the things back
to the other house
Mia's bear Annie's bag with Katie's pig
in it what are you going to carry you're
gonna do your suitcase
thank you I get everything I'm sad to be
leaving but I am excited to get home
yeah totally the time has come to say
goodbye I wasn't even that loud dang it
yeah trying to prank you guys it was a
fail but we really are getting ready to
say goodbye really that's sad I know ray
are you being all sad and depressing the
only different race you've ever again in
my whole hair maybe we will that's so do
people ever be back you just have to
come back to Texas again and invite them
right we're having maybe an annual Lacey
place Peyman and Krista they were so fun
and now we're gonna go find something to
do in Texas yes and we get on an
airplane is my favorite part that was
sarcasm okay you guys are you excited
back there look what we're about the
drive path I don't know if we filmed
about my love for Taco Cabana
but and I haven't had it since we
visited here a couple Christmases ago
this is we're gonna go we just happened
to find one she's super excited about it
it's guys it's a guilty pleasure it's
like Taco Bell I mean not Taco Bell um
Chipotle although Chipotle was way
better but I haven't had it
I just wanted taco a beef taco and I'm
about to get one okay no promises I've
only been on one this place is gross you
guess it I've only been to one doctor
bana to a brunch place
I've eaten it many times but it was the
same one where we used to live so and I
just love there just a regular taco a
beef taco all I want but I want three of
them they have hard gel but I get soft
shell oh my goodness you guys I've eaten
two of my three beef tacos what do you
think what do you guys think you have um
finished one well I was very I was
anticipating this for three days now
well probably longer when I found out we
were coming to Texas I'm like I'm gonna
find a Cabana what do you think I
was actually digging in the
you like at the car before they came
here
then BAM we found one guys we're killing
time in targets we have like you know
two hours before our flight before we
have to get to the airport I really you
don't need heels
no oh oh she's like I want to go to the
dollar store cuz that's where I can
afford all day you would tripled it I
think I'm pretty stylish don't you oh I
mean with the thugs for sure my toes
have to be like that and it really hurts
the ball of my feet so when I'm an adult
there's no promises I'm wearing heels
okay shoes
oh those are cute to your kids I felt
she nicked and use their time together
can't take you anywhere greater than max
my shoes me I did it I think this is the
time where we need to get our own shoes
on and vacate the shoe aisle right my
tensions anyway thank oh I think so my
shoes
you find him alright now we're gonna go
to the Dollar Dollar Tree you dip into a
dollar store let's go
we're still trying to kill some time
we've got maybe a hour and a half left
to kill oh what's that thing of like it
but the other melon really sucked out I
know corals like the noon had the pink
buck-buck hey guys we're making a move
in our cameras
meeow meeow is the boss so apparently
we're gonna make music please
according to me up for Mia Isabella barn
VAR n Haley just doing some online
shopping and we're just going to wait
we're going to take about a text from
that beautiful Texas back there next to
the USA flag
proud to be an American and addicted
we're going souvenir shopping and they
wanted to be like me and me and really
very inspirational
Wow good job shakin me I can hold her
and Haley didn't have user arm that's
crazy is tall alright we just passed up
a souvenir shop number one mate there's
probably gonna be more hey this powwow
continues cuz guess why Chile I know
it's not say gee I like how so many
people have different emotions about the
site being delayed I was like okay well
the pond did it and he's like really
yeah so we got I introduced the girls -
Schlotzsky's because that was another
Texas good feels good huh
we've got some Cinnabon wait we're we're
good cuz we've got food we can be
delayed a little bit I just don't wanna
be delayed oh that's all that make and
make it the world I don't know they
haven't told us yet they're already
getting in like 11:15 p.m. look at me
even later she has a practice in the
morning oh no and nibs Amaro is not
gonna be a good day we're on the brain
like 10 minutes gonna be worse yeah it
wasn't we're all getting settled in last
minute texting to parents every IMing
last minute Instagram okay good tell
them we should be on time and that's it
guys we're leaving Texas okay
we're home and those three goofballs are
walking on a broken part of these called
almost caught of an escalator a moving
sidewalk that's what we call them and
then we three smart ones are over here
it's 11:30 at night
we're tired Mia's dad's here to pick her
up
yeah well we got practice coming up huh
we'll see them soon it won't be long we
won't be without me along bye guys
bye Mia thanks for coming I thought we
both said we walked in it I know I know
The Adventure is over now we're just at
home whoo when's our next adventure
Katie no we just dropped
Katie off with her family huh now we've
got these two tired girls in a car and
we're headed home after that adventure
of a lifetime
and let me try to think of a question of
the day so we can just go home and go to
bed do you have a question of the day um
anybody anybody Annie's not going much
for love yeah so we have a slept the
whole time
and half of us didn't so the question
they could be gee do you sleep when you
travel that's a good question do you
sleep like on a long car ride you sleep
on a long plane ride do you sleep or do
you usually say uh yeah Haley decided to
fall asleep about 20 with 20 minutes
left of the flight and was out an Annie
slept pretty much the whole flight
including now including now so Katie and
Annie slept pretty much the whole trip
Mia and Haley stayed up the whole time
except they both fell asleep right
before daddy slept I stayed up and read
my book so yeah that's pretty much it
and I usually sleep the whole time but
Haley's sometimes I sleep every time
yeah yep except when you're driving on
long trips no
like now all right guys we're gonna go
ahead and say goodbye and see you
tomorrow and all that stuff be another
question de train monkey do you mean you
Joe
do you sleep in you travel baby easy
tomorrow always remember to celebrate
life hey babe thanks for watching Vitaly
