today
what's up y'all we always this good
morning this is a good morning good
morning everyone today wait we didn't
get a car
yeah did make it that fixed it's being
Vic man so and we're going to pick up
Hayden because his dad and all of his
brothers are sick need something that
they you know all eight he has to go to
sad but now I can bring him so we're
gonna bring him so yeah
got a new shoes on you so probably show
for the mountain hands
daddy's out and there's only had one
shoe from one shoe and once you from the
other shoe so he got to get under now we
have to show my shoes everybody talking
about so those are the shoes we were
talking about he's very proud of them
Carson's gonna be so jealous all right
we are filming at a hotel today so we're
coming I don't know where we're going
we're gonna make our way way thinking
that we're gonna be fans seeing if we
can hang out and yeah that's it all
right we're trying to get room for all
the kids because the kids have concocted
a plan to all come back to our place so
we have to make room you're not gonna
come with us
what's up no they didn't show the door
and you right here come here
I can open the door it's really crazy
okay I thought I get over the door there
goes what do you want Hayden
hey don't we Maori or he's a princess he
needs to he oh he's not getting the
front seat
he's coming we made room for everybody
so that everybody has a seat belt making
room a nice wet shirt you can still buy
these right they're still available
limited time Hey look who got in the
front Gameboys you said a hundred is you
want to set up here wherever you want
wherever you're comfortable other girls
in the back i just--can her all right I
don't care wherever you're comfortable
party at Annie's and Haley's wears a
song you see hey Annie
buckle up buttercup come on put the
seatbelt on and play the phone
okay here's the thing I'm not even gonna
narrate you guys just take this for what
it's worth I'm not gonna say a word
until I might think someone's hurt and
then I might intervene right like a
beginning of a race yeah and swimming -
I like there's more people coming so
stay tuned for craziness hey Dan what
you're doing with your love the one and
only love right Mads has the softest
smoothest Blake's oh my god I don't
think it's because she shaves every day
yes yes I know she does but that's not
why her legs are so yes it has Ultra
ultra old Ultra stop there just like
psych and it makes me more jealous
so literally they're going to shave each
other and are you like literally getting
in the bath are you just pulling your
pants like seriously you think your legs
are gonna be alright good luck and the
boys are just out here hanging my legs
it was except for Haley who can't shave
her legs oh yeah okay guys so now we're
doing the lower part her legs really
rose off you might feel that but like
you know what I mean get a pretty motion
all needs to be um wasn't even a low
vision I know
oh but I'm so proud of myself so wait
it's not just it's just what's the way
you do it it's your method I'll be like
okay so I shave my legs if you guys
might like to do this hop don't just
want it done you like go like twice over
each look party early and then put Andy
I did like four times today today is
what is your favorite brand of shoes
mine is Vance Vance definitely like I
said I said this on my snot jack if you
it's like for Norma was like you know
you're like I'm gonna have a whole
closet full of heels no I'm gonna have a
whole closet full of van yeah and paid
and we're here to be off-white and what
else does it like seriously anything
that's materialistic but I usually don't
get them to like dance Adi goes on Adina
has not I does know
all right she's pretty ahh d-does nobody
you call it ah DDoS yeah I do that it's
been almost it's your eyes are so pretty
look at them oh thank you I don't know
but okay Bailey what's yours all right
okay I don't even know what's your bib
oh don't forget come over whenever
there's beds question of the day is uh
what's very shoe brand bye bye see you
tomorrow
number two celebrate
thanks for watching
Britt Haley
