today I'm bailing one two three morning
I'm so birthday too pretty
don't worry don't worry do pretty do
pretty tired it's 10:56 and we haven't
found what we talked taught the dogs
tricks
um young we're going to the gymnastics
meet today Papa
Wendy and then we have a winning Papa
don't like you're all just sitting there
looking at the Sun don't mind my hair
it's really messy but daddy's going to
be taking the dogs like any minute
because we are leaving for the meet
today so I'm gonna go play outside with
them one less time not really play I
mean it's too cold for me
so I'm in shorts right now but I'm gonna
be like on the balcony hold on freezing
okay what are you know on the ground
guys I'm in shorts I'm so weird you came
home okay see y'all later
I have no idea what's going on with my
hair we've been waiting
why are you so excited so we're a little
obsessed with tarts so they sent us some
goodies gonna break into it
I know oh yeah you want to stay away
from that
Annie's making herself a smoothie with
manly protein protein Paige does not
need fat-burning alright so much wait
wait wait what's up skincare all right
well we're obviously super excited
mimicking humanizing minimizing and
periods of pores minimizing appearance
that's awesome all right well it's so
funny cuz I'm in the middle of packing
so now I'm gonna have to figure out what
we want to bring everything is trying to
fight I bet there's something in here
that Haley can have because she's a
little bummed I mean yeah she should
start getting into skincare
well she's I'm sure there's something in
here we're gonna find something I love
that actually
yeah wait wait I'm going to find
something
what are you find an appropriate for
Haley like a lip cloth or something
there's this blush glossy lip paint
that's kind of cool I know there's
something highlighter highlighter she
could do highlighter do a little bit of
highlighter on our little chickies
let's get through this all right I
really found you something sorry I was
like oh I found something lip scrub
knobby you already have my lips for that
you stole from me nothing
and Esther Leland she says he strictly
love right there you guys there's plenty
of stuff in here okay you guys rewind
the video for how long ago how long ago
was it three days ago when Annie put
coconut oil in her hair
and he decided to put it looks good on
the end still wet okay so this is wet
then that's why okay so maybe when that
dies that won't look greasy but it
looked like her hair was wet and it was
completely dry it was hilarious it's
gonna look so good when it's washed she
washed it like three times no no it's a
good treatment for your hair but I don't
know if she put too much in or if her
hair just didn't need it a couple days
ago so if you're wondering why Annie's
hair has been a little bit like that
lately it's because we tried to rock
wash it out I know that
mmm that's cool it is a lip scrub it is
lumpy that's cool I like that kind
actually you know how to get it on your
fingers I bet you're not supposed to
consume it but it's true yeah but you're
not supposed to you know you know what I
mean yeah take a big ol bite oh you miss
Winnie that much Annie that you're
collecting her fur one second rule
number one in our house don't wear black
and sit on the couch or get near Winnie
all right we are all packed up no we're
not we're going to Washington DC we're
going on a road trip we are headed to
the Gaylord for the Brit Ailee great
destinations gymnastics meet and we're
gonna be there this weekend and then
we're gonna drive back here Sunday night
and we are packed for that - guys this
is everybody's stuff for this weekend
all four of us fun computer stuff yep
and I am so on top of things follow me
packed for Texas because Annie and I are
headed to Texas
Annie stuffs upstairs so that is that we
are ready for we are ready for another
long adventure of touring Annie's hair
looks really good and like it's clean
and it's just got a little wave yeah
yeah yeah yours looks great too they
always say that um the sea look it's
it's not greasy anymore it worked
sir hairspray on this sometimes crunchy
there I went to touch it I was like oh
and then it was a little crunchy but you
look great it did help the ends I think
that was good the coconut oil I just
must have seeped up to the roots all
right so
gaylord here we come it's gonna be like
a thousand gymnasts the Disneyland meet
had like high eight hundred so this is a
little bigger but the Disney one you got
to register early because it can't hold
any more than it held this year so if
you were thinking about coming I don't
think I can sign up yet so we'll let you
know
but are we done now let rolling
ourselves can we leave the house now
already you mean only I mean yeah you
backed yourself into a club this is why
I was a gymnast for ten years really
he's reasons okay let's see it I want to
see this there's no heat hair style look
good I know you didn't even do it
intentionally but it looks really good
her balance was about she's saying she
thinks she's skilled because she can
stand on one foot I mean I'm not saying
that's not skill but all right before we
leave we're all gonna take out a little
bit of that trash so we don't leave it
there oh my god I've got two shoes why
do I have so many shoes it's cold here
poor Nicole yeah rock your hands got a
booth at the meet oh yeah
we're all the cheerleaders know about
rock your hair but the gymnasts hey
gymnast we got stuff for you too okay so
I've got some hoops
and I've never been able to wear big
hoops like this because of gymnastics so
that's exciting but in other news in
other news I can't get my lollipop open
like I just won't go and yeah it looks
like it's open that's a problem if not
you see the little wrapper it's got this
little lake vacuum seal it's like
extreme like and it's like fake what's
wrong back there
so we are on our way to the meet and
we've been on the carpet like left an
hour and a half I think an hour and a
half track and like we're in LA yeah
DC's got some different - maybe if I
tasted like no don't worry it's not
nasty it had another yeah wait it had
like three covers it had like a little
boat drawstring thing those so hard to
get off then it had another thing okay
kind of like ripped off and it ripped
into pieces and that had one more thing
that I just like the logo on it now it
has this thing like who's gonna want to
eat this sucker
well I'm going to it's not gonna work
such a day I put red lipstick on and
then I was like no you know it was a
tart red lipstick could we never buy red
lipstick it looked good though it's not
pearly for like an event but like not
for a gymnastics meet
I'm already confused with my football
jerseys so maybe you're confused like
I'm already gonna confuse people with
mine
why is that good music well the problem
was she spilled her oh goody all over
here's what happened I spilled my
smoothie and I was like you're mad mad
because I liked that shirt it came out
and then my mom just why did he pack
that her yes and they my mom my mom she
kind of like threw a shirt at me and I
was like it was just it was mine it
wasn't wrong it's my shirt yeah it was
in the wrong basket
she had that happen to have it right
there and yeah that's the story behind
this shirt you can see its wheels that's
my puppy dog oh my gosh that's your
camera no it's not scary
oh hello that's
two million smile of the ferris wheel 95
north ferris wheel out the harbor I
don't you guys have never been here
did you come without you guys came then
date with Miss Carrie and miss Paula
this Lucas
I thought you ever said mr. Chan for
some reason coming look we're going to
be in a Houston on anywhere e6 and then
look a this is a battle right third
today is the second so two days after
this video comes out let's see no two
days from now
oh no sorry well better where you
sitting a night interest Oh
so your performance here today in my way
let's see yes February 6 is 6 is Houston
7 your ticket didn't have Dallas if I
could miss my hometown my you into San
Antonio yep 8 is San Antonio you're done
for a little while are we going to hate
it out no we're not we don't have time
so I'm not Reese's puppies
and then it's so late we were coming in
at 14 ding that's what we're gonna see
Miss goody here you go
she broke my sucker and said it might
have broke she's just gonna get that
board oh yeah go ahead
I didn't even open it you linked it to I
didn't see the slaughter stage it got a
piece out for her though I know I should
just eat it I'm good I don't want it
anymore now I'm mad I can't go to
Hayden's house to see his puppies and I
don't get myself and there's traffic dad
my puppies already lived there's a big
room and we haven't seen it and I'm
really excited and I'm so scared I'm
like it's gonna be like this finding you
like so mad we'd be lost to tell you
Annie we're lost
anything's we should go this way
if you guys are gonna absolutely put one
two three Wow here's a computer the
gaylord knows how to do it oh well fix
it but this is one of our rooms the
other one is Sean and Andrew so we may
have to swap but this is the other ones
just as beautiful so fear not this is a
great are they here yet or Sean and
Andrew here okay but then it's still
awesome so don't make a mess in here
what you might get some hotel tours
double you know but the other one looks
the same so this is can be our hotel
tour so yes yeah perfect thank you you
want to come down I will yeah I'll just
leave it in here for now Paul a-all
right so the other room has two rooms
like attached there I believe so we went
that is cool this looks like a like a
rented house we could live here I mean
no doubt it's very pretty like so yeah
we'll have another room cuz this isn't
enough beds for all of us so this is
definitely you stop I forgot about this
oh wait wait wait wait wait wait wait
wait wait wait mommy look at this are
you going wait wait let's calm down
let's come to mommy and shook him okay
Annie no way she is very excited this is
amazing please tell me we're not locked
out okay this is awesome this is so
awesome
all right so I think we're just next
door are you happened what you might now
lie I am
everybody's on break I guess oh no
there's some people
oh it's McKenzie I can't run as fast as
I'm sorry
look at mckinsey oh my god so getting it
on the hug how are you how are you
you're we're good we're good who I've
done one thing what carry box yes work
work work work work is it gonna fit what
oh look at this stuff coming in right
now as we speak
let's zoom in on that action what are
you doing I'm trying to zoom in on all
the old stuff coming in are you guys
hiding Hey
sorry let me get steady here ooh so much
going on
pretty soon there's gonna be competitors
in here well tomorrow but that's soon
that is soon I said pretty soon there's
gonna be competitors in here this place
is gonna look so different
oh geez
Gopal I almost did fall I'm not gonna
lie
meanwhile Paul is actually working I
know that is true that is the truth
she is she's a good in charge person
where are you taking them to the truck
wasn't that a better angle everybody and
he's like what how am I gonna film
Kinsey's the only smart one yeah good
idea Kenzi
oh geez like I'm not note be careful
though for real retracting okay don't
RAM them into the wall Annie
it's just in the corner over there yep
that's good baby oh what's going on over
there
the future of rental beep you're not
you're not driving one of those what you
do jumping down hurt no don't buy that
if it hurts it's like here smell this
it's nasty so some of Luke's baseball
team is here helping set up they were
nice enough to all the different wing
boys and girls I mean that y'all girls
were being pretty crazy but that was
funny that is very bad
I got it
she thought she dropped it but I was in
charge of it and I dropped it but a leap
op sockets get yours now
yeah that's why you don't wear those
when you do gymnastics
yeah and they like yeah yeah but she's
gonna get our hands stuck in one and
it's not gonna feel good yeah I think
when you wore them all the time all
those times I wear those big hoops
what's up
so hello its me Kenzie aunt hailey Hey
the hotel room
she's eating jelly beans and pretty much
we're just going playing a games talking
yeah that's it
okay Walter a little like look at this
little bedroom aid okay so we had the
two couches combined 'add not favorite
they want couches but were they combined
in new that and then we have this bed
blanket
it's time for the question of the day
and the question of the day is what's
your favorite planet besides Earth mine
is probably Saturn or Pluto mine Saturn
Saturn yeah mommy I did for me Manning
it daddy
Mars nice so yeah don't forget to come
in Ilocos we want to know the question
of the day is what's your favorite
planet besides biiis
number to celebrate life
Beibei bye thanks for watching
Brit Ailee
