hey bratayley fans i guess you've heard
we were making history and we're
starting at the very beginning of our
nation that is we're off on a trip back
in time to the american revolution in
costume and undercover we're in hot
pursuit of characters like General
George Washington lady spies soldiers
presidents pirates horses and some
pretty sweet dance moves will travel the
original 13 colonies to see what we can
find and recreate some of history's most
famous moment so saddle up New York oh
yes so it's time for another road trip
another adventure this time we're going
to differ colony we are going to New
York
we're about to go like through the
waterways around the Statue of Liberty
in the sailboat I've never been on a
sailboat before either kind of
buh-buh-buh
I hate in Super Bowl today we're sailing
through history to learn about the
largest battle of the Revolutionary War
the Battle of Brooklyn it took place
here in New York Harbor between Brooklyn
and Manhattan a few quick facts the
Statue of Liberty is made out of fringe
friends it is not
Statue of Liberty staged for freedom
supposedly is very treasure on that
island oh so a lot went down in this
Harbor
there were prison ships there were
battles there were pirates
there were jet skis okay all of that is
probably not true ah no french fries no
buried treasure and no jet skis back in
what we're doing her fair
what party tonight
can I get on that what are they doing I
need some help serious going on yes all
right get around this side just love it
yeah go got it one time you so you're on
the ship and we got to hold these now
what is it called hoist validus Club we
got to hoist the sails up and it was
really neat okay okay
yes sir
here are some real facts back at the
start of the revolution this Harbor was
filled with British warships they
brought over 20,000 British soldiers
ready to squash General George
Washington and the Americans fighting
for freedom from the King George sailed
his own troops across the river to
defend Bricklin from the British right
now I am driving a boat because my
spirit driving it you're living in in
New York right in 1776
you're living here well um since I'm
such a good driver I don't even make the
water I just think you know I objective
what's your objective what it was to win
the war both let's get back to the
Revolutionary War now we're here at
Georgia watching comes in here please
for what confession over what city what
state he was from Washington we're
walking from my windows Haley says
Washington DC hey George what state are
you from Virginia
unfortunately the British crushed the
Americans in the Battle of Brooklyn
Heights General George was a wanted man
so we had to escape before they captured
him to give him cover his troops lit
fires on shore to make it look like he
wasn't going anywhere and he skedaddled
across the river so we're gonna 1 2 3
and then say the dog right
ah yeah you do know went to town riding
on a pony stuck a feather in his hat it
called it macaroni Yankee little thing
get off Yankee Doodle Dandy magnificent
building hand me the words after George
escaped he hunkered down just north of
here he wanted to know what the Brits
were going to do next so he needed a
network of undercover agents but now we
are going to visit perspiring
actual spy mission from the revolution
who's ready to be a spy because we are
here everything stops for gymnastics
don't worry this isn't just for this
this is in our household to stop the man
stands in front of everything stop doing
the hand standing for everything right
that's good we were actually here to
learn about a brave little group of
spies who risk everything to get the
American troops the info they needed
welcome sister talk it through Volta
Storyful society you guys want to do a
little visible ink yeah can you figure
it out yeah the world let's go that's
why yes sure I tried to go in the front
door I know I know they're like you fell
lesson one of being a spy if you look
down here this is a goal in the right
size oh I'll tell you lies this is a
life-size model of Jorge back then we
were shocked to see how much George had
changed since those days hmm got a good
look for him oh yeah
Haley like that come on now I'm tired
now after he lost New York George wasn't
a real bind so a woman named Anna Smith
strong who lived here joined with two
friends to gather intelligence about
British movements so the American sent
spies to figure out where the British
were and they wrote notes down they
communicated using ink that was
invisible right now we're going to try
our hand at writing with invisible ink
you dip it in some kind of
stuffer doodles and you write on it and
then you hold it over a candle and the
heat from the candle flames would make
the world sort of pop out and they tried
to keep their true identities hidden
George Washington is like one zero seven
or something seven one look that was the
code for George Washington sorry
hmm there's another way where they sent
messages they would hang laundry over
the clothesline to tell people across
the water where to me or where to be and
stuff like that after we learned how to
write messages we went out and to
investigate how they did the old secret
messages with laundry and a clothesline
trick you'll see what the fans doing
what are we done we are setting up one
of the earliest forms of espionage the
user in the Revolutionary War allegedly
annasmith strong was one of the unsung
heroes of the Co perspiring use this to
signal and the British would never know
because they didn't know the code Oh
Anna's accomplices were named Abraham
Whittle and Caleb Brewster Abraham had
to send messages with important
intelligence across this bay here okay
you
Irena Smith strong okay at your service
your spies okay
you know that Abraham would all need
information but you have to find out
where the Brewster is Caleb would row
across the bay from where the American
troops were hunkered down and pick up
messages from Abraham containing vital
info about what the British were doing
what do you do you go to the back side
of your property you stand right about
here and you look across the Long Island
Sound Oh see that land all the way on
the other side
that's Connecticut it's not occupied
Long Island the British are everywhere
it could be right behind right now hey
they're not so you would stand here and
say only look for Caleb roosters whale
boat to throw off the British they
change their meeting place every time
they had to make sure the coast was
clear what she would do
Caleb Brewster was here the British
weren't around she would hang a black
petticoat on the line so the actual
things they use for petty goods and
handkerchiefs you wants to hang the
black petticoat here you go
both petticoats were read during the
time so it would be very unusual we have
a black petticoat out you always wore a
red one because on each hanger
handkerchief we're trying to tell um
Abraham Woodhull or Caleb ruses by
hanging up Pinker anchors are they
called hey gay handkerchiefs to signal
to Abraham Woodhull which code uh killed
Bruce's secret spy method is the guys
congratulations because if you look in
colonial times you a part of the United
States first Secret Service whoa with
the help of those brave spies George and
his army fought their way back to
Manhattan it took them seven years it
only took us 30 minutes to drive go dad
back in the city General George took us
to his favorite spot called Fraunces
Tavern
do you know what Francis tavern unless
you remember who that was
his personal shop and what happened to
it
to me
that captured the momentum cook for them
too after the Revolutionary War George
Washington and his generals had their
celebrational
dinner at Francis happen wouldn't you
guys be hungry you just want a war to
come on in welcome to the Frances tavern
Museum this building right here what
you're looking at was the actual tavern
during the American Revolution it is the
oldest building in Manhattan
okay okay so the most important thing we
have to remember about Sam Francis today
is that he was a patriot what's a
patriot you guys know that's right
people fighting against the British so
Sam Francis was a patriot he was good
buddies with George Washington yeah
that's right so we got George Washington
here we have Sam Francis this was
considered the fashion in the 1770s you
were super cool if you had a wig like
that Caleb you're how old are you 13 so
you'd be like almost the age you'd be
getting your first wig especially if you
were upper crust in society will
probably take you shopping when we get
home okay look at you your wig all your
friends are gonna be so jealous trust me
Oh
by Caleb they held on to a few memories
of George here looking at a piece of
George Washington's head it looks like
he used conditioner that piece of your
hair I pull the choke out for that oh
you actually gave it to them willingly
yeah what a big donation to this nice
place really George Washington's hair
was red like that do you have a finger
we do we do not have a finger after we
won the war I called all my boys and we
were like Cheers
just invented America before he
disbanded the army George gathered his
most loyal officers and did a big
goodbye okay everybody welcome to the
long room you are right now standing in
the room the George Washington stood in
and said his farewell speech to 40 of
his officers on December 4th 1783 let's
just take a minute Mike breathe that in
ha ha ha you're breathing you're
breathing it in this is the oldest
restaurant in all of New York and people
are still a few years later George was
sworn in as the first US president just
a few blocks away at Federal Hall
he was an easy choice there was really
nobody running against him but he
refused to be called King and he stepped
aside after eight years unheard of back
then and since the whole point of the
war was to get rid of the king of course
today the people get to vote for who
will be our leader
so back across the river we decided to
check in on how the democracy was going
all these years later oh yeah that was
really cool we managed to get an invite
to Hillary Clinton's headquarters she is
running for president this year
if she wins she'll be the first woman to
sit in George Washington's chair thank
you all so much
so our tour guide is Michelle Kwan
they won't think figure skater nobody
ladies and gentleman Michelle
I'm actually very very nervous it was
very frightening nice to meet you
so what level are you in in gymnastics
ah you know what I don't think anybody's
done cartwheels you're welcome to do
like a cartwheel dumb hallway like
cartwheels
now this is only happening at Hillary
Clinton headquarters
drum roll everyone I think it's a
perfect ten yeah we were
where's why'd you do cartwheels in dirt
headquarters yeah go Harry
in America we make the candidates
explain why we should choose them before
we hope they go around the country
meeting folks and have teams back home
or send out messages all sorts of ways
that's what these people are doing
so we've got signs as you can see the
different departments we have here's the
tech team over there do you recognize
the Nerds team do you see the sign it's
the policy department over there
everyone's focused - so this is Jess hey
I'm jealous
Paquette oh hi nice to meet you Danny
national organizing director hi digital
director yeah hi does it cool stuff I do
yeah do you think it's an advantage or
disadvantage that Hillary Clinton is a
woman I think it's a total advantage um
she is a really amazing leader and has
been working in politics for a really
long time plus she is a transformative
figure and gets people really excited I
think pretty good what do you think oh
yeah
Oh what'll I think mmm wait let me check
yeah the tables are Jeff can't go away
now available Savannah
anyway yeah why
because it's about something rich very
change okay that's right all right give
any tips for their Instagram account oh
yeah yeah those are the albertov tips so
do more person stands in here Roger yes
can you show me a present
oh let's go I think you'll be the first
person to do a press handstand in all
retention headquarters Wow
boom yeah one of the things we've been
doing that video around is just a lot of
our focus is on on women that have been
forgotten by history they did all these
great things but nobody bothered to
write it down what do you think those
people back in that time would have
thought a bit I think they'd be proud
took a lot of courage to do what they
did and I think if they could see the
progress that this country is made I
think they would be very proud we were
allowed to ask her big advisor some
questions don't bursting the Hillary
first thing I think what she's gonna do
is welcome people into the White House
and that their voices could be heard as
she's president United States so I can
imagine her opening the doors and
welcoming all Americans all kids and big
kids to the White House and what she
requests what would you like what would
you like on day one on day one hour one
like ice cream window I love it we will
take that to the very top and see that
we have ice cream on day one as she
welcomes everyone in ice cream out on
the corner I love it
I'm in I'm in my neighborhood school and
Friday burgers this is like a whole menu
laughing talking to Taco Tuesdays I love
it I think the American people will
agree
so if Hillary becomes president
hopefully she will take some topic
Tuesday Taco Tuesday we obviously talk
her national political director how to
do the John Hancock okay so what you're
going to do it's really easy you're
going to act like you're holding a paper
one hand there's a Declaration of
Independence write your will and your
right hand or whatever you're writing in
this and make sure that you're signing
me thanks oh my god any time Hillary
yeah this is joining with their legs too
because that is a necessary skill set to
win the ponies from our first president
to the candidates who want to be our
next president Americans have done a
pretty good job keeping the whole thing
going as we walked along Brooklyn
Heights and looked out over the harbor
we thought about all the risks of
general his men and those brave spies
took to found this nation they didn't
even know how it would turn out and we
talked about what they would think if
they could see what America is like
today I see we wouldn't probably have
these campaign events they didn't fight
in them
we would have still been controlled by
Keynesian icky so I think that it's a
you
it's now
thirteen colonies become
I think fighting you harder agents are
one
because I mean I think they would want
this oh my gosh that is beautiful oh how
pretty
oh gee
