time for me well hello everybody we're
sleeping on toilet paper this morning
we're running some errands again and
Haley wanted to take a nap so why not
what better place to take a nap and on
the toilet paper
she's it's alright get over there before
you get us kicked out of the stable you
need to get why it really listen I
really came here with aunt Melissa we
didn't really have he got like almost
over pretty much she she had grocery
shopping to do yeah we didn't do nothin
cuz we're getting ready I got get ready
George
yeah yeah we bought a few easy cheesy
remembers a nice remember she's talking
about when we put on braid it all spread
in their face a long time ago like Tim
yeah this is why you don't go to the
store and you don't need anything you
would walk away would think you can me
you don't need you
inez anyone knows for usefulness to
bunny hmm yeah should be Haley's yeah he
was he was bunnies mmm
Haley's doing a little spam Oh shopping
are you doing the same I forgot you like
spam me here's the question goes I'm a
Kaylie buy all the stuff that she wants
since we don't need it but it's a food I
can't comment caught mindful will we
need a helmet
do you wanna comment because I mean it's
food but it's food she doesn't need I
think she should have to use already oh
that's good okay well I don't like spam
first of all but didn't that'll be good
all right we got to get you before I go
tell Melissa she got you got to get me
out of here I show something good then I
get Melissa are you almost done
yes Jeannie what kind of shopping is
that Daniel you don't need it been
shopping
uh-huh I'm gonna get her out of the
store
it was Danielle's first day of school
hmm concern upon a plan survive the
first day of school I think first sticks
now where are we gonna go yesterday we
wouldn't got ice cream with with
Danielle want her ITA's no plea doesn't
worry does McDonald's she wants
mcdonough me lunch
we're taking her to McDonnell hey that
her friends her day today what so I had
I had he's been looking good today oh
look at that
look she's actually cracked a book
mm-hmm sort of hanging out doing some
squirrel Danielle do you have homework
in yeah Danielle that's not true kids
she will do it Danielle's too busy
enjoying her victory meal and snack she
of course you heard passed up ice cream
and went for nuggets and I like that I
like that I didn't because she didn't
eat lunch oh you don't like it you
wanted to read us again I could have on
the bathroom in the cafeteria so like I
was gonna eat in there oh well
tomorrow's another day to find the
bathroom and eat lunch in there it's not
that at school yeah exactly
and you guys will be happy to hear that
Annie's courses are ready so she's at
the gym right now doing day one no
review today friends it's real
full-blown school year oh my to music
Luke last time I checked last time I
counted my fingers by the way mama we
got to go buy a graphing calculator Lee
I have one
I might have one I bought one for Caleb
sweet niblets you can have Caleb look it
was like oh my gosh I think it's a Ben
calculator here's okay I think I have it
let me go look we found it
I don't know if that's gonna be advanced
enough cuz his was for last year not for
ninth grade I remember those days the
Texas Instrument calculators remember
I'm pretty sure so they have to have
certain buttons like as I'm saying it
may not do everything you need
I think have something to your teeth
mary-kate I'm not sure oh my go team
yeah you see it mom where the flowers
anyway that's like a worm you'll take
one mom aren't the flowers pretty those
are raised roses from the bench
dedication okay
what kind of voices okay no we are going
on right now yeah
yes we are then we're sleeping yes yes
we are
well actually before we sleep where I
got our tea
well we have Mia in the files explain
that later what do we are I'll explain
all that having a good so we're going
home and then my courses are ready so
we're gonna discuss that and just say
what classes I'm doing what day we're
from doing all the classes every day
don't know yeah that's what we're gonna
decide then we're gonna go sleep and
katie is gonna come over yeah however
before you sleep but well like yeah
sweet it's good you coming over tonight
yes yay and then we're getting a plane
yeah and then we're going to exam to
sleep in a treehouse we're gonna sleep
in the trees guys literally wait a
minute Allah creates a tree house and
it's so it is like hotel like but I
can't work you're staying in it is there
an elevator oh no I don't think there's
an elevator there's are a ladder fitness
center line thing not gonna admission in
the prison psych I don't looks on a
grandpa gym but there's a kitchen I
think there's a little kitchen in it
like it's gonna be like a house like oh
my god I'm setting up a schedule oh yes
it get comfortable
we're I'm doing this whole weekend maybe
next week yeah she's so she's organizing
and this could change but we don't know
how fast she's gonna be able to do it
but she's old saying what should they do
on Monday not next I would do this week
yeah and tried that see what happens
next week so we've decided that on
Mondays Wednesdays and
Friday's she's gonna do language math
and art and on Tuesdays and Thursdays
she's gonna do science and social so now
Tuesdays I just got to figure out she
can get her weekly assignments done that
way
so I need to go to see so how many do I
need to do today is 4 + 4 4 on Tuesday
and 4 on Thursday for assignments those
8 total for the week
oh my goodness Mary Kate would be so
jealous if she saw this yeah don't would
give kisses so much yours very
overwhelming when you're very needy
Winnie she's very needy if you don't I
don't like that she nibble nibble X okay
that makes me a little bit happier that
your kids are like Winnie oh my gosh
Minnie Oh Vinnie and Winnie I don't ever
know too fast
Oh Vinnie jumps a lot like her too like
they have no manners where are your
manners what do you want to do she wants
to start she has been waiting to get
access what kid wants a new school do
you like school oh jeez and then waiting
to have acne last three weeks and I know
then you'll be like I don't want to do
any more okay so now science shows you
one point four and I can have how many
minutes for each 40 I would do about 45
and see if that's enough and I don't
know you might have to do stuff at night
and on weekends we'll have to see sixth
grade you may not be able to get it done
in those gym gym school hours where's
history would be so happy to do a bun in
your hair well it doesn't ask for that
often I got her
and the code on the bun nothing
show them that bun
Haley honey ones in the bun here I'll
flip this up and you can look at it
winning your little girl is crazy but
you are crap jumped on my toe
hmm that is funny tonight I love you
more it's a double it's pretty possible
I loved you first I love you the mouth
you know my little heart was like take
heart
it's a sheik star stop okay I'm not
gonna sign what is your like you know I
like it card reads like your heart is
like a legit heart that's what I always
thought it looked like it then one day I
was like in home I got brought oh yeah
heart looked like I'm like that's inside
of me I thought it was beautiful and
then I got really scared
it's like organs I'm at inside of me and
I'm like like and they always that tell
you that your insides are beautiful I
don't know about that I think our
outsides are pretty beautiful the inside
Kiner outsides BP darkness you're
beautiful inside and out look I don't
know on here
hi hi are you excited you're the third
person welcome don't mind me the noise
is behind me go sniff that out movie
girls be doing oh we just missed a few
musical ease and oh yeah okay it's
really actually pretty good yeah well my
phone yeah it's very creative it's a
little violent oh but it was really good
yeah or is the actions are violent
they're very proud of the oh no you've
been attacked who's responsible for this
mess are they having a cheese war
any on my couch it's gonna be a fun
couple days isn't it it's on your neck
you've got some on your neck Annie put
the cheese away right now
what did you guys beat her kitties like
you don't like it you're planning hey
guys so now it's time to push him today
and it was official decide a manicure or
a pedicure Oh what are the different
know which ones which
hey I want the feet cuz my mommy what
the manicure it wants a pedicure two
different things good one
what's a manicure and what's a pedicure
I think penetration yeah what you're a
pedicure or a manicure pedicure pedicure
because then they met they like social
your little bit tickle my feet pedicure
take you I don't know but I like I like
my toes being done I don't really like
my nails baby which one is it I like
pedicure probably more is pedicure ski
yeah well I don't know because I like my
toes Bing done not really my nails
because my toes always turn out better I
know
and then my nails and ask him not to
take leave so don't tickle me please
thank you thank you that would be great
so yeah I probably say was it it was a
people Medicare Medicare so don't get to
come to me looks me run out which of it
is make your pedicure die matter see
tomorrow
always remember to celebrate life
 baked potato baby thanks for
watching
Vitaliy
