time for me
well this was something fun to wake up
to guys so I'm not quite sure what's
going on I was in the bathroom brushing
my teeth right in there and I heard
something and then I walked out and saw
this and Annie's bathrooms right above
there and I'm like Annie what's going on
up there her toilet was overflowing so I
ran upstairs turn the water off to her
toilet and thought that that was going
to be it and apparently it's not I don't
know why it's not stopping
Billy's not here to help me and I don't
know what to do
what the heck this is not okay you guys
Andy's first day of Jim's home school
today and I've got water pouring down
from my what yesterday hey pink doesn't
fix the toilet card come over here
through someone else's love facility in
the head Bubba's
come up yeah I guess it's another place
and when today I push the door and I
rode out of here I better go get dressed
I got dressed I got dibs on
and maybe like any discipline in your
bathroom and I love it yes because my
kid this is what immersion it's turned
off it's open defecation so why is it
still so do you think this is just like
the water that's still left in like the
pipes and stuff is it gonna stop
who do I call a plumber I call a plumber
it's like raining in the house what a
day
oh my gosh what are we gonna do we're
gonna be late
what water like toilet water this is the
craziest thing I've ever woken up to is
it stopping do you think it's slowing
down
I can happen yes sir can I get down
really quick all right well we're gonna
go get some more towels to try to clean
up this floor so we don't run the floor
I think the ceiling is probably going to
be ruined but time will tell
water and ceilings don't mix and light
let's let that dry out before we turn on
the light I can't believe you slept
through it
I've been here Hey yeah just like yeah
you can hear any wait where was she she
was in my pal but you couldn't hear
anything in her room
like I was like oh did it stop and I
came out as I go
it was so loud I'm like a shower is that
noise but we got it it was just a slow
drip when we left
so the buckets not even close to being
going right I know
I don't remember my set I was able to
get Annie's water to her toilet turned
off so that's off right now and what you
think Haley when you woke up did you
know something was wrong
yeah cuz you said because I heard
something you said well today is going
to be something remember what I said
but I think we all remain pretty calm
now we got what we needed done we got
towels we got the water turned off we
got buckets cleaned it up as best we
could and we're not even running late
and took pictures we day one this is
what I'm wearing the way you do this
long shirt with the some of these
jeggings they're not really taking what
is called
I think they're dragons no they're not
James I'm struck Japan statue pan okay
so every time I put these on I want to
roll but the not my rolling ones
and then I just like don't even go
anywhere much
are you excited no I don't know if
you're ready to start but if it is
there's a review on there if it is go
for it down low to do follow
instructions and anything you don't know
how to do I'll help you when you get
home we'll figure it out together okay
but I don't think it's going to be
because you're still waiting on your
study guides to come in through sure and
I don't know like stated on this case so
remember last night when we're doing
your orientation we found the review
section could do some review 5th grade
review hopefully I know however how to
get there that isn't it like the the
perplexity area he'll figure it out I
believe in you I don't know day one I
can't believe the summer's over ski
really still have a week left away day
one of school we have a lots of more
days
yeah like 170
not including Wiggins not at that
there's no first day of school yawning
well when you think about all the rest
of school you have allowed yawning I
secure your the carrier oh my gosh of
such a whole night Danny get my backpack
on Oh hold on I have to get my own stuff
right Annie
let me help here you get this I don't
want to take the last step
do I have to
I didn't do it she did it again
you should have seen her last night a
machine there's no crowd a line is
started for the breakfast bar steal the
pencils we're going to write down three
things about themselves
Arden you're not eating 38 scuse me
young lady what are you doing in this
line a feeding are you an honorary
homeschooler this morning sneak it in
there
Oh Samira we have zero Fanny you like
that's a yogurt bond very good
guys there's granola back there if you
want some on your yogurt oh I don't know
how long the Cinnabons are gonna make it
guys I don't know don't know if you're
gonna make it into the line what are
your choices
yeah everything you pass up on our
freshly-baked thing is that no one is
eating when I ran out of time
and no one's even opening but there's
plenty of food here not eating or
getting half the size I need absolutely
you don't have to eat it in a yes I know
about eating it goes not open oh all the
decisions on juice anyway with mango
Oh being a little different manga with
everything on that bar this is what she
chooses so we decided we were going to
get everybody and go to the mall we're
all in the aisle cream in the car
everybody that was here everybody who
was fed you guys ready to go them all
what are you gonna buy me name she's
doing that oh you're the one with the
money
yeah the Money holder you hear that
parents if you're watching this video
parents 40 bucks moola he needs the
money
hain are you driving guys we had a girls
day lunch with just me Haley Annapolis
but because the other girls are in
school
well Danielle's not but she didn't want
a copy because I guess we're not cool so
we are packing up our leftover heat plan
is to go get run some errands okay job
Haley run some errands go pick up Mary
Kate from school and then go get some
celebratory ice cream and then Haley's
got Jim tonight her first day back off
of the summer schedule try not to put
the pizza on each other because that's
world's worst when your pizza sticks to
each other
what'd she use and stuff are you gonna
be able to fit that third one she's
going glasses on automatically before
your picture is taken are you ready here
we go
we're seeing everything you're doing
guys just look goofy how do you guys
feel about your brothers picking the
dumb and dumber thing oh we're not done
we're smart we know they're dumber we
are picking Mary camp and and it is so
exciting because it is her first day of
high school we've got a good day or bad
day or just an okay day a good day
about how I hope she's not eating lunch
by herself I would break my sweetheart
and mas we all mary-kate I know I hate
high school I'm kidding it's actually
not that bad you didn't get lost oh yeah
she did get lost
I'd wait to the wrong ones we learn I
got lost like twice because how the
classrooms are set up it's very hard to
find some of them that I like hidden
away um there's like corridors and then
your classroom Mary Kay color about that
yeah I don't know what you're I don't
know what that meeting that reminds me
of some pho yeah what are we doing for
your victory we are getting you redone
yes ice creams lying you know yeah the
best first day of school ever we are in
3's parking lot you know and um I have
chocolate chocolate sprinkles very
snazzy
mmm it was like would you say how we got
here are we gonna come here after your
first day at school again and have a
victory ice cream we're gonna come
tomorrow after Danielle's for fiscal yes
and then some time for Annie's like on
Wednesday and we just go it we won't be
here coz we're going to a tree house
right here right so what's your game
buddy all right how you win the field
ah are we ready for a fashion show it's
just one Leo guys with Haley with the
Leo she won I said oh yeah hi come on
down
Oh when he is wearing her summer coat
and spots and Gigi's wearing stripes and
Piper has paired her outfit with a
slipper was a great fashion show Thank
You puppies Oh
ooh Haley I like it Oh
turn around yes oh yes it's getting good
she does
she loves m'kay school band actually
very well I did my first assignment I
did um
some brain quest things I read like five
pages in a book and I was going to do
this review oh and we took a nap I was
going to do this
yeah I was gonna take take this review
but the internet thing system wasn't
there and I like took ten minutes doing
the internet trying again and then
finally I actually took the wrong button
and I like x2 me out and I couldn't get
back on hill I don't know how to and I
forgot my pastor because I couldn't find
the email oh no so I was like you know
what forget about the video I'll do it
review I'll do when I get home so that's
we're gonna do and um so I was too
excited to do it's like just like I was
really excited to do school and I was
like okay I got to get this signer done
it's really fun and I kind of forgot to
heat up my meal I did forget didn't want
to because it takes too long you know
it's only 45 seconds my gosh so you
didn't eat that yeah
did you get enough to eat
did I get enough to eat yes I did not
hear you have to even I ate one string
cheese half a gogo squeeze some yoke
covered raisins um a granola bar
um gummies yeah Tron we waiting for the
protein
MMR's well that boot that's the thing
got fruit it got the back calcium
breakfast because pick that you have
energy yeah eat tomorrow how about that
that's gonna be yours okay to lie about
it part of your assignment if it was a
school assignment I would do it it's
just like getting gas and going to the
bathroom it's a waste of time
seriously those two things in life I
wish we didn't have to do too many
better things to do than get gas how do
you celebrate life when you're sitting
at a gas station right know where the
celebrate life so you liked the school
yes I did
okay I read it was a little bit
frustrating for me because like I
couldn't get on it right then also I had
to write my assignment twice for some
reason cuz I didn't tell you because I
didn't say gonna get better up that well
I'm kinda confused it might have saved
because I was expecting like a grade
like that for some reason yeah and I
said like your grade and it didn't have
anything so I was like and then I went
back on it to see if it's saved and it
didn't so I might've just like done it
twice for no good reason
well your advisor actually has two
and out greater and then I noticed that
when when Amanda Amanda was helping me
and I put it back and I'm like it's
ptosis now created my head I was like oh
and I was like oh wait look up and it
said set assignment submitted oh okay
then
hey guys time for question day which is
because Haley's straight in her room
right now it should be someone with the
room how many times do you think you
clean your room in mud mm-hmm you're
cleaning your room right now
rule one huh you CLE you bought you you
need to clean your room more than one
cuz like Haley's the kind of person like
that she'll have it all clean and
organized
until and then she'll mess it up and
mess it up until she like can't walk in
the room anymore
and then she'll spend like five days
organizing it and cleaning it then I'll
keep on happy so I keep my room clean
sometimes but like when it gets dirty I
clean it I probably I straighten my room
a lot so I'd say like at least six seven
times okay and I'm over here to come
them local
they harmonize you think you clean your
room in a month bye see you tomorrow
always remember to celebrate life every
single day baby
thanks for watching
Vitaliy
