time for me hey guys well we have a
funny story to share with you guys this
morning
so we well I have a private today and we
have got about it and the mom came in
and in the room and she's let's get
Maddy Nash wasn't like that she's like
don't panic but we only have ten minutes
to get ready and go to a private so
network we had didn't even have time to
you know eat breakfast so we're gonna go
through a drive-through but we did it we
were out of that house and ten minutes I
can't believe it maybe eleven but but I
did not tell him to brush my hair
and brush your teeth I hope right yeah
it was ten minutes to get dressed and
brush your teeth I was like not too
worried about the hair we'll figure the
hair out later we got back this oh god
burrito let you go now where did you buy
ten minutes we're never gonna make it
yeah that were never late coach marries
you like what is wrong with you guys
come on they're coming behind me sorry
guys
late people lay people in front of you
will be going fast
I promise of will slow down in front of
you okay we're good we made it well
we're technically one minute late we
just pulled in the parking lot it's
raining we dropped Danny found a parking
spot I do not like being late you guys
it bothers me I'm usually really on time
you read it I know I don't have to go in
there and practice so it's okay oh and
it's raining that is and it is raining
we're gonna get soaked the idea is to
not slip
yes
Oh what are you wearing oh my god I
didn't even look socks over the pants
today I love you no here boom it is
joining in the hollow body when you put
grips laughing hurry up Annie yeah
can you do it that's whole time okay
yeah sometimes after oh there's oh yeah
there's crazy things at the end just
wait for it she's got one more grip to
put on your belly no oh yeah look at 10
of these good Corrections go on you got
to do that I don't like to do one in
squeezers if you need that way you can
keep it oh yeah okay see all those
wrinkles on your leotard I love it yeah
Jennifer I'm an addict enemies one like
I said they're one like they're a little
easier than two
good girl that's good yeah that's very
good yeah good job how come he's gonna
be nice and hey
girl
pretty round Hey bells really good
private I'm shot talking really fast
because um I can't do this
Caleb could he would his like talk
really fast and know what to say even if
it was like random be like and I like
dogs but if your battery's almost dead
battery's almost dead so really with a
good private um I did well a lot I did a
lot how about instead of saying what I
did I can start over to listen yeah
affront giant with straight legs was a
huge thing yeah I got well I did a lot
of stuff now Haley was this close to a
front half circle like she pretty much
made a few but very touched her coach
Mary touched her on to that she probably
didn't need us but on and an honor own
with no one standing there she almost
made for it was crazy it was a great
private yep and we got stands this is
gonna be a crazy video it's gonna be I'm
gonna put probably some of this footage
from the meet I mean from the private um
in a video on girls channels because it
would be a super long video to be just
on this cuz we're getting ready to go to
dance so those videos are gonna go on
I'll put a little bit in here that we're
talking like that front and giant I'll
put a few little clips in no cuz the
friends are like that's a big part of it
just go as you're bein gulls alright
fine if you want to be there front enjoy
your scaly one I don't know where I'm
gonna put it right
Oh
I can't even see anything except for
trees and red light you shoulda brought
their jacket
now we're heading to dance and it's
boring but well first we're going to
Best Buy which Ernesto I didn't show
that I don't want to get out in this
rain you guys so hopefully it's kind of
lightening up a little
so just like we made it through the rain
and now the decision is what color
headphones is Andy gonna pick she's
being why is it I've just tied in
between rose gold and gold these get
rose gold or gold why is it such a hard
decision mommy wins every Danny case she
says her is pulled away cause I'm gonna
savor with gold that's the color I'm
into right now but I do love some gold I
really like this color too but they
don't have it
and we got to move on to dance so you
better pick quickly going with that the
gold is beautiful you're right into
someone later Gary I didn't realize she
wore them out she's they're not supposed
to have worn them out yet get me the
villain these are the ones we've chose
rose gold all right we have matching
headphones now because I think those are
the ones I have - and these are Hayley's
aren't they adorable so she had to be
like she he's gonna be like no these are
not the ones for school she had to pick
out some schooling's but I don't think
these are appropriate for school but we
are getting ready to go on a trip okay
till in Leblon and she needed new
headphones Inez broke hailey lost hers
so not even good hmm your bunny yeah
okay um it's decorated in bunnies oh
you're real Bunny's gonna be wondering
all right it's gonna be a onward and
forward to dance you guys this day is
just getting started I almost feel like
I know he's it a full day hello everyone
okay um we just left and I just got
informed that I got wireless headphones
they're really weird we just got in the
car and and he's like what do you mean
Wireless and like there's not a cord so
how do they hook up I'm like through
bluetooth and she's having a little
understanding what if I turned on my
computer and like I had to watch this
little clip to understand something and
it just blares because I don't have my
headphones plugged in
ah oh because well because it will be on
Bluetooth
but what if bluetooth fails me you're
nervous that it's going to like be
really loud in the quiet room yeah okay
that's an understandable fear yeah let
me see him face looks so cute
did you guys have an awesome trip but we
missed you guys too welcome home
in this bag but probably not great for
the motor oh that's so sweet
did you guys have fun yes little jealous
of all the pictures I'm like that's
beautiful so pretty it was so we had
great weather and then you come back to
the oh he had pretty good weather too
until just now tied around and then you
have to put it in your suitcase
oh they pull out like that and then you
can see I mean we couldn't pass that
bunny had bounded off there so slipping
funny since she lost her other pair so
you ready to dance you guys yeah I got a
ride oh my gosh journey kids Oh shoes
here not here here I think in her hope
she's doing she said she's got yeah all
right we can't I think minor in Billy's
car and he's at his car to the airport
so no jazz shoes today I feel bad sorry
Miss Carrie but we did bring the pants
ha ha I'm not surprised Arden we are not
dancers you guys so we're not used to
this we wouldn't lose our grips right I
mean that would be horrible like
probably like jazz leaving our - shoes
are probably like compared to crack
grips just where the resume so we're
falling apart here where you wear shoes
on the stage yeah they were those I
think ours are in mr. Billy's car the
hopping around in a circle is really the
cheering is because Miss Carrie just
brought the costumes in oh yeah you
didn't know why we were cheering oh I
think it's a fashion show oh I just
think I have a title a flair fashion
show we can just all we can all just
name it the same thing oh absolutely
all right come here Blair Gordon all
right we'll see you guys soon only
everybody watch this could be a flare
fashion show one at a time in wait now
go back in we didn't see anything now
you guys can't peek now these
embellished were rhinestones are sparkly
all right this is a true fashion show
tell everybody one at a time
and six board it off with the blue
trough top it has a little neck flare
which we like turn around look ski with
the shorts
nice job Sydney great job for option 1
option 1 Sydney thank you and coming on
out next we have purple this is Oh
purple hey I like okay I like the option
good cute soft with the leap out alright
that's cute Katie Katie oh I like the
long Wow I like the top underneath aha
like next option Haley whoa fancy yes Oh
pants all she's got okay
he wears Arden Aniyah oh that green is
great so Jordan I like how they all have
it in top like pretty much enjoyed Mia
oh when your neck enjoy in the holes and
next up we have Sid with another option
option to go get to me in a section that
is a beautiful color oh and you owe me
a--
huge that's a fishnet you were saying I
like the new you're good your toilet you
wore it right option on Annie oh that's
fun too what kind of model are you being
that's a really good runway had a kid
right there yeah hey who's out neck ah
more pink oh that's a different one
yep that's a different one miss Carrie
okay
la love that color neon coral and I went
worry Katie did goober there you go and
no I like the long sleep I like the long
sleep but I like that that's different
right that's the same one that's the
same hot maybe I saw you
you're so cute though okay here comes a
better performance though I don't know
that look my daughter you got another
choice ah like a hey that color is great
with her I think I liked Arden's first
one hi saying that everybody or is it
anybody Haley Haley Oh me I have a
second one
oh ah that's very different than
everybody else's I like it Pacific model
okay Haley has a third Haley yellow I
got a yellow that's fun
uh-huh I like yellow okay I try it out
test it out with the chin Stan good you
have any other yellow accessories in
there that you might want to try out
okay that's cute too it's not a
different one yeah I like that one too
yeah but you see I don't like at home
we're thinking about maybe changing the
bottoms out that's the one they like
yeah I'm curious to see what it
be too revealing QA it does McCullough
bathing suit II I agree
I liked 1 & 2 better than 3 ok I like
two men I think I like to but I really
the long sleeves look go back to 1 3 4
you okay wait definitely introduction in
his little bathing suit II but it's cute
it is a cute bathing studies it with the
plain black meat and that does look a
little better was playing black all
right what do we got Hale dog I love the
skirt so if you decided on pink or
yellow Haley has a big decision it's
either the pink or yellow we don't know
what color she's gonna be Oh see we're
looking at your pan I wanted to have the
same thing on - come on Arden do you
like this one better than the other one
I like this one I'm trying to that a
different one Katie that was number two
I really like that one super cool handle
oh look at you guys I believe we owned
us all - from you yeah she just I'll
just have to accept her like I like the
style - well now remember if everybody
likes that style and if everybody would
rather be the same style but a different
color I can make that happen - but you
know what top I really like Haley I like
the last one that you had on I liked
that too but I like the one that is a
businesslike tank that looks like it has
a little bra knit and Danny how's that
one too we module Mike I know it's kind
of like just one but it has like a
little weight
guys these colors are great you better
pop us I think Haley can do you know
whatever I think a la candelaria worth
it I like it hey I like it don't start
dressing my white dress and I'm a great
person you're very bright and you could
do blows today I love the beautiful
color Haley I feel that right I think
she feels good as much rosie was feeling
every yellow yes yeah we couldn't design
a paler is gonna be pink or yellow but I
think we figured it out pink and yellow
CFC if you make sure you can press and
the costume so here's my oh that was
pretty Haley I know some accident Haley
go let me not go go back because you're
dangerous without something there's
something in there we're really oh yeah
okay George something out that I'm gonna
tell you oh my goodness you surprises
just keep coming like your moves
no just because you guys are super cute
in your little costumes and just because
we had a great week in Orlando and
walking around things like that I think
we need to make you guys official with
like team flare draft ha
but this suspense it's going to be
exciting because you're not gonna get
into next week but the personalized
entrons go yeah your costumes as we're
independent and on the back it's all
follicle in excess can't Nate wait on
him what do you think
you're happy about that yeah yeah she
keeps it like yours kids laughing all
right well your smells good
all right let's rock this out whole
outfit because it did be irrelevant if
you're pretty that's true yeah okay so
back to my last question if we go solid
black on the bottom these are going to
be blinged up oh they are but I'm going
to bling them in their colors so like
it'll be coral stones it'll be pink
stones it'll be blue stones so the
question is do we still want
personalized on the pants but in their
colors or do we just bling the pants in
their colors don't need a personality to
personalize I don't care whatever they
want you like do you want your pant your
bottoms personalized microwaves have a
nice old you're growing up said that be
eight how do our color are you have
green no one has right everyone do a
selfie any with everybody in it ah hey
square it'll be like larger gonna be no
man hey you know I guess had you pretend
you're doing a selfie again
Hey hey guys ready let's get to work now
now that you've got the most epic bun
that I've ever seen
do you know how you did that because I'm
a little jealous of that all right so
guys that I'm going to take it to where
we do that again the whole section that
was nice about your arms and let's see
if we can narrow it down on where we
need to be timewise okay okay
wait for the second one
remember one more we don't hold up to
this
Holloway for her
when I got worried now you guys have to
be a way more in front out your kids and
Hailey and harden I definitely don't
like you exactly in perfect wine with
that you need no need to be a little
infront xq party Lee's like oh my god
let's go forward right with us be oh
yeah come back to stand up stand up the
base is stand up and do that a young
girl here in fondue with right foot of
the that's right and you hold back
Hailey and Katie you know same thing for
me reach reach point hold that other
hand on your head
other head your head down good and you
gross better standards you go Nene hand
hand okay good and then we hold go we
kick up straight good and then we go
tongue sex or single side William Hart
and then we okay wait is it single tiger
comes back I think that was a single
bass like Jerry push off good put it all
the way over slow-mo yeah what was that
and you sit and you cross front
everybody waiting on everybody
fair ahead Frank and back stand it up
help you friend up good and give him a
bump good job and then you tell me you
walk around to each other you walk in
and around each other you give each
other high fives and like that cuz
you're slowly creeping to you're
beginning formation go walk there keep
it slow slow slow and it just goes it
like it kind of like do you mean like
this kind of thing like like this come
on okay and this is just go really any
quickly we go okay don't get to see the
ending what is our if this house um uh
my mom's gonna come and meet us here um
yeah we decided to come to her house all
right
yeah we're gonna sit here what are we
gonna do
no no whatever you want to do literally
with my choices anything that's in the
house yeah hmm let's watch a movie watch
movie movie okay you guys pick a movie
okay
we are home you guys and anniebanany
i thought it was over you're still doing
it Annie Annie is doing um her
orientation Haley's doing magic tricks
Annie start school tomorrow except we're
just doing the an orientation tonight so
we don't know if her courses are gonna
be available but her first day of school
tomorrow home school starts back up how
do you feel and we didn't do this
earlier today because we had dance and a
private so we're doing it right now
and she's ready to go to bed but I think
you're done right almost done
oh yes you are so what's a good question
of the day I'll have you started school
if you have did you like it are you
having fun Annie or about five minutes
ago before Annie like all of a sudden
got tired she was super excited she was
like I just want to start school because
I was telling her it may not be ready so
here's the P oh that epic bun you guys I
loved her bun earlier all right so
that's the question of the day have you
started school if not when are you
starting if you have started are you
enjoying school are you started new are
you looking forward to it you're gonna
have a good second grade year I can't
believe you guys are in second and six
my little babies alright guys we'll see
you tomorrow tomorrow is gonna be
exciting we're having a breakfast home
school breakfast first day back yeah
it's gonna be a big day back to it okay
we'll see you tomorrow guys wait I
thought that was under but it was Piper
Brown you're tough Piper get umpire
nine-nine Piper I didn't post on the
puppies I will help you I gotta help
Annie and then I got a post on the
doggies Instagram follow bratayley on
instagram to keep up with the doggies
alright guys I gotta go
we'll see you tomorrow always remember
to celebrate life
potato baked potato babe thanks for
watching Vitaliy
