alright guys I'm back at the airport so
a lot of you know all the tragedy that's
gone on in Louisiana with the flooding
and the aftermath of the flooding so I
have some family down there and they
haven't been really affected too much by
the the flooding and damage but some of
their friends have and their community
has so I'm gonna go down there and I
can't I don't know how much I can do but
I can definitely help right now me Meg
hate her my bathing suits because she's
willing in truth postera and she's
filming the the dare this week which
would give you hand in the tarpon mold
which is by over in our bathing suits
I'm eating chocolate and Maggie's
messing her hair we're about to go out
there and I go yeah Miller chocolate and
so good
just a regular chocolate know that
people like the UK they when they try it
or chocolate they said it was disgusting
you don't like our chocolate apparently
it tastes a lot different than theirs
and hurt my arms baked look of it Jake
is so high there's my chart there like
you what does this book my chart were
like wow this is really good
hmm it's so good ok guys so I just got
here I landed so
this place looks like I hear there's
been a lot of damage
we're so we're sending out for this
truth + dare but wind this is wit what
week it's for this is next week and when
will this be on live Saturday or UK's
Channel and Sam Mary Kate
oh this is where Mary Kate check takes
over yeah Mary not take over that was
not what I meant to say Mary Kate does
the dare to look at her she's gonna do
the Dare too so she's not filling in for
this one this isn't a villain she's this
is just self-appointed
yeah she's a self appointed honorary
eighth member of truth + dare so guys
that we've got the hose out at the tarp
out Mary Kate's trying to do her intro
and we're interrupting all right
it'll be cute I'm gonna get stuff on my
stomach like wassalamu look I stole this
card Oh rub at me at elf star go put a
t-shirt on scar scar t-shirt t-shirt
look you guys you know up you can
probably borrow a t-shirt look our fire
pit at Caleb and Billy built themselves
oh I'm so glad that they my sister and
her family live here so that I can still
come and visit every once in a while
what is it Granby - fire pit okay we
better we better be quiet so they can
film their video you guys I think Mary
Kate's also filling in on oh my gosh
right you're a fill-in - what day are
you filling in for for oh my gosh Jade
so you guys go check that in Jade needed
a day off so Mary Kate was nice enough
to fill in for him I got you
yes what is that right there on that
county kale
oh my gosh I almost fell for it I was
going I wanted to film what was on that
acres tail
oh my gosh I really didn't think I was
gonna Bowl to keep you safe
caleb minute one time when we were when
it was snowing and he we are we were
flooding no he didn't really hit it like
full force guys this is just a sneak
peak if you want to see everybody's
truce + dare this week when they're
doing something crazy this week tune in
to truce + dare and tune in to Mary Kate
on her channel and also oh my gosh hey
what's next week what can they look
forward to on next week for oh my gosh
oh it's a hidden we can't tell me you
hey alright guys this is the crazy part
this is what make Kate Mary Kate decide
it would be crazy a chocolate syrup
slipping XY's slip and slide so we're
going here guys it's a gym that flooded
and we are going to see they have a
GoFundMe page so we're going to give you
guys that in the description and
hopefully you know can help at least one
more gym get back on its feet guys this
is all destroyed gym equipment like the
mats are gone
it's so devastating and here's all their
trophies you have all the spring the
spring floors over there that we're all
pretty much anything what they're
telling me is the the water came all the
way up these walls so anything that was
on the floor you can see the well the
beams even took damage anything on the
floor is just completely done
we would love for this gym to be able to
open as quickly as possible so if you
guys want to go in the description there
you have a GoFundMe they're trying to
you know raise money to get their gym
program going back open so anything you
guys can give would be greatly
appreciated by us and them so if you
look over here you'll see where the
water line was so it came all the way
they have this giant dish that's made to
hold all this water but they got so much
that this is not just where the water
came to this is where the water settled
so it's settled there it probably was
about four feet high so it probably came
up to about right probably about a foot
above those so just to show you
reference wise how high that water would
have been at Sarah s air i underscore
pro bri UD underscore 2021
giving herself a shout-out for alive I'm
filming you filming me oh that's fun
we're gonna wait till everybody gets on
to kind of get started
so that one yeah I'm gonna get on to
yours
gran B's here yeah we're watching
comments so we can yeah like if people
have questions we live for obsess
celebrating episode three if you haven't
seen episode three of our daily mix
history yet
you should totally need to go watch it
I'll let go a lot that I don't know if
I'm gonna say was my favorite but it
might be what it was a lot and Melissa
likes that one okay we're not gonna get
started yet I was waiting for everybody
to get your favorite color is probably
purple yellow blue okay Mandarin all
these pandas coming through here like a
gift they're gifting us pandas I love
handling we do giraffes uh two minutes
delay actually he's talking about style
very case that's real yes it's very real
what's very real I don't know someone
asked if this was real potato makes
history is a real thing look all the way
down is just destroyed 105 of the 137
thousand
I mean from the pictures I mean these
buildings here it was up to the tops of
the doors off to see if we can find some
those pictures but I mean just
absolutely devastation
you
you
you
you
you
we die barricades here and she is just
drying right now it's just blonde but it
looks good see if it helps at me hey you
do that and they would go get food and
pick up Haley so where's kind of here
we're at where Kate and Danielle's for a
few how about power good
and for that I went to a sleepover with
Alexa
well we did all types of things we end
at all fluttery option good movie night
okay why does the hey little dark right
now is this my natural curly hot that's
my natural hair this is what happens
when I actually brush it after a shower
yeah I actually didn't brush it I just
um
why did it got out and let it dry but so
they didn't want to go get their nails
done mary-kate and Danielle went to go
get their nails done I get my nails done
are we were not gonna get acrylics so
I'm just gonna get like I know we don't
have got them done no no no what to just
go hang out the house
no and watch a movie or something
popcorn and other options I can't think
of anything look for sound ouch option
we go to a movie
no okay looks an option help me baby
night Susie hmm
you guys ever had these problems of
trying to pick out something to do
little too late to go to the mall yeah
and the malls gonna be crazy because
everybody goes to back to school next
week so this is like the last minute she
could get our back-to-school stuff ready
you could you could get your stuff in
your backpack or for Monday
I say getting ready getting backpacks
ready mm-hmm
and then movie night or board game
something at home let's not go to the
movies okay that's that's what the plan
is so not really movie whoa
Annie walked in the door and all of a
sudden was a pro yo-yo er oh all right
not a pro but all of like I was weird
she was practicing and practicing when
we first got that and really couldn't do
any she could do it everyone smile but
it wasn't like super smooth but all of a
sudden what did you do are you flicking
your wrist differently that's cool I've
never been a good yo-yo whoa
you were about to throw that away too
weren't you I had made a pile of all the
things that need to be put away and the
rule is if you don't want it and you
leave it there I'm throwing it away and
so she walks in and looks at her pile
she's like I think I'm a solo yo-yo away
and then BAM oh good step one two our
evening at home what a mess doesn't
organize mess at least look at the
we are getting ready for school
very Sunday this is my trash pile
what does Haley start school not Monday
but the following Monday not this Monday
the 29th well your start that for the
home school scheduled on Monday but I
don't know if your school stuffs gonna
be ready so you're gonna just like be
reading books and maybe do some reviews
you guys hear that you guys hear that in
a month or two should you be like uh-oh
monitors school I know you guys can
relate oh my gosh you brat dogs come
here show your faces who ran into me
who was it I have a feeling with you the
bull in the china cabinet herself Winnie
look at her look at her look at her
just look at her you guys she's a mess
hey guys so we're gonna watch a movie
and we don't know watching yet Mary Kay
it's gonna come over and we're gonna
watch money where we doing popcorn
everybody's a nice real be like a real a
real movie a tripod
oh yeah give me the tripod set up for
what you just filmed the bonus video a
bonus video coming out on as soon as we
get at it as soon as we get it edited
might be up already
you never know it but it will probably
be out by then Jason so what is it what
was it it is neck school one is in my
backpack and what is it Hayley fact I'd
go and check out both of ours we did
separate so one on her channel one on my
channel um and well we didn't do it
together I didn't mind my channel she
deserves your version but mine is a crow
Anna and Haley is a Lemmy Anya so go and
check that out
so MK is on her way right now Whitney
Whitney Whitney Whitney are you trying
to get in there guys I was just like
noticing that I had paper towels I
thought we were out but we're not okay
bigger popcorn have no fear we have
popcorn a bigger popcorn not the single
servings we don't know what movie were
gonna watch any suggestions Hayley
Winnie what do you want to watch and
there she is
alright we're waiting for you oh she got
her nails done I love whoa have you ever
had gel do you like them yeah alright
look at mine think I needed my nail done
today - yeah I got black like my soul
color goes everything
it really does I'm enjoying my black
ones I like black and white
you got here just in time we're making
popcorn and picking a movie so wait
we're often Pete's dragon the original
and this is what's happening
Oh
Haley's doing some gymnastics
not bad Haley
you're supposed to be laying down having
moving right you're tired Aniyah it's
competition day and the question of the
day is what's your favorite movie mine
is probably either Pete's dragon or
mucles feather oh loving it so these two
are probably about to fall asleep so I
figured we'd do this before they did oh
it's not dwelt in watch your favorite
movie Piper wants to play fetch
mary-kate oh gosh
well okay what I really like is um the
Nicene movies yeah I heard those were
good I haven't seen any of them you
haven't seen him Haley it's so what yeah
it's a magic movie and there's a couple
of them right
hold Annie off the couch all right so
we're in the middle of Pete's dragon
it's almost over but I figured that she
needs to do that but I figured we need
to do it for yourself like 9090 Annie
Haley's wired mary-kate this is her
prime time is the one mary-kate
functions best Haley - she's my night
owl Danny's like I'm a regular person
and I'm gonna go to bed all right guys
we'll see you tomorrow what's your
favorite movie tell us down below ya
know always remember to celebrate life
database database thanks for watching
Vitaliy
