time for me hey guys
Green Bay
five am almost fine man I'm going to get
back on the plane so hopefully I stay
awake long enough to get on that plane
and then get some sleep on the plane
hey guys guess what today is today is
the last day of summer practice so I am
right now on my way to pick up the girls
from their last day of summer practice
that means on Monday
like everybody in that in this area is
going back to school not everybody cuz
Haley starts a week after but the
majority of people are going back to
school
Annie starts the home school scheduled
for gymnastics and Haley gets the week
off of day practice and she'll be going
to practice at night again in the
evenings and I just can't believe that
the summer is gone already just seems
like it flew by and I think I like the
fall schedule better I don't know why
maybe I'm used to it could we do it the
majority of the year but it is kind of
crazy to think that that the summer is
over I think the only thing we've got
planned for today is this evening we're
going to have bench dedications and what
that means is the fields where Caleb
used to play baseball they put up this
bench and
dedicated to him and we've actually
already seen the bench on his birthday
we went and saw it and that's one of the
places that we stopped on his birthday
and so today though they're having the
actual dedication slash ceremony I don't
know really what it is so I think that's
gonna be nice it's gonna be hard I guess
it's gonna be good to see everybody cuz
we haven't seen them in so long
all of our baseball family so it'll be
nice to see them but I think it's also
gonna be you know sad and I don't really
know how I feel about it but we'll get
through it and it'll be good to see
everybody so that's what we're planning
on this evening and then maybe dinner
dance at a done summer schedule is over
you guys are starting the school routine
next week even though someone won't be
in school yet and I don't know if you'll
get started on school yet I don't know I
emailed a lady to make sure she got
everything I haven't heard back from her
yet so I think we've submitted
everything you need we're just waiting
on her to tell us what courses you're
gonna be taking and if you're dumb or if
you're smart
stop oh you know I'm kidding Annie
you're super smart nuts that's made you
feel down don't be discouraged that's
what it was supposed to make you feel
like okay so let me just tell you that
Haley sure knows how to finish off
summer practices you know how I Gallio
that's how you do it ladies and
gentlemen ticket drawing she won the
grand prize so this is what we picked
out you like it
yeah yeah it's pretty good and what else
would you you win a starburst and what
else
beach ball a beach ball can go to the
beach since it's summer's over
good timing you guys didn't do any
events today would you do the addition
like conditioning and my my fun you Boyd
the fun games that really like they
played fun games that um like a rock
together teamwork cooler and like I sing
a song y'all teamwork I'm Julian what
adrenaline no no that's a wrap it's when
you do like a lot of fluid - OH
oh gosh oh my gosh I know what you're
talking about and your endurance and
then endurance okay well then I'm glad
that we figured that out cuz that was
gonna bug me so I'm in auditioning for
skittles first you know condition for
skittles elk oh yeah they would have
orange I already ate ate the Reds orange
red green purple and yellow and red
yellow I beat em persistence uh orange
would be cat jump essence news 20 mmm I
saw you guys doing those I didn't know
you were doing them for school I see
that text 20 crazzy back time 20 hath
leg but anyway leg left to you and red
why you should pick which one you want
now just pick out of the thing but you
get the skittles for them did you do
anything fun besides teen I know she
doesn't like oranges you gotta take it
drawing was fun and then you actually
like did your events okay for after we
oh cool
the gang's all back oh well most of the
gang guys ready to go eat I don't see
Haley's not here ah okay sorry Charlie's
do you hold up all right buckle up for
safety it felt like okay I'm just
kidding Daniel always buckles up but
she's just such a teenager mm-hmm
don't be teenagers guys hey guys come on
Paquette so I won't not again but okay
so I am sleeping over with Alexa and
he's a girl that had a playdate with me
and now we're sleeping over at her house
so it's really complicated and I had my
sleeping bag
I hate him emotions stink
well a little sniffly but that's okay
I'm not going with the weak I love Mary
Kay and her comic relief we need a
little bit so I could read ahead to
dinner but I wanted to show you guys the
bench this is it it's really pretty
gonna sit here and look over the field
that they played on with his team and
there it is Rose is in a picture just
tongues out that's why that picture was
picked in our olive garden just me and
him gay and here over about the eighth
and I'm probably gonna go sleep over at
their house hopefully get my blankie
mm-hmm please watch stuff hat so we see
this hat guy this
and you guys will be getting it soon so
see you after we eat or well be eating
or something like that we've seen two
people twice you guys lots of birthday's
here tonight at the Olive Garden what do
they say happy happy birthday from Olive
Garden how's that soup chicken and no
ki-suh
and a ginger ale this is just the
beginning of food so it's advocating
today the toilets in the clock and
they're like dyeing hair I'm so tired
I'm like falling asleep so yeah question
that I wish the person today be Mary
Kate what's okay I like sour patch
watermelon what's really depends on what
mood I'm in so let's go with if it's
gummy candy Sandra patch two watermelons
or gummy worms sickness recovery one
side out okay and then chocolate Milky
Way or like I forget what it's called
like those thin pieces of chocolate that
have caramel inside of them at airports
good peanut M&Ms I love them but God
glare on my glasses that's hot don't
forget to come from looks you know the
curse the day is what's favorite type of
candy bye see you tomorrow and go to bed
always remember to celebrate life ah
database database thanks for watching
Vitaliy
