okay guys I made it to the airport I
don't know if any of you knew but I'm
going to Green Bay to see Andrew play a
game against Green Bay he's with the
Raiders inside my all right Andrew gear
on which is weird because I'm a huge
Packers fan
going to get on a plane now hello people
I'm trying to prop this up but it's
really not working so Fred Oh Roger
except I'm having a very good hair day I
mean who doesn't appreciate a good hair
day this is the great messy bun sakes
when she actually put a headband and
normally when she's going to gymnastics
he you sever hair right now uh-uh I even
but like two more minutes and like yeah
I'm gonna do her hair at the gym but
today she took the time out feels good
huh feel good we live to practices or
summer practice whoa
do you like summer schedule better or
school year's schedule better probably
school yeah
Haylee only has one more practice she
hadn't start school next week
neither do I probably not I don't think
your school stuff will be ready you
still have the math placement test today
how was that last night
today it draining yeah I'm in the
airport now waiting so got a flight then
I got to get to the game
hopefully I've left myself enough time
since this is all going down same day
and then back on a plane oh really
tomorrow morning to back to the girls
all right fun quick adventure today I'm
going to the cardiologist because it's
time to get my heart checked I don't
know if I'm actually getting my heart
checked today in this office because
it's a new doctor that I'm seeing but my
sister's coming with me and just need to
get a little heart scan to make sure
everything looks right
got the girls done obviously so now it's
my turn
felt a little bit stressful I'm not
gonna lie I had an EKG done and the
doctors have normal and it freaked me
out for a second so then I had an echo
done like the girls did and it was the
doctor hasn't looked at it we'll make
sure I get this right but the tech
looked at it and she says it looks
normal as far as she can see so we're
just waiting for the doctor to confirm
that but a little stressful there for a
second
so you know we're just trying to make
sure everybody's hurt or healthy my
sister to kind of get hers done
I had to do a stress test next or I and
this is all just because it runs in the
family
not because he speculates anything but I
got to run on a treadmill and make sure
they want to like make my heart in your
blood and my blood pressure go off to
see how my heart reacts I'm like 30
minutes late for boarding already so I
have another plane to catch with a
layover so we'll see if I actually make
it to the game this should be
interesting
we're in the car because I was too lazy
to go in so yeah and I'm playing
Minecraft but it's night now for kill so
you can't see it but it's night and
Danielle is singing with me and she told
me to make a mansion yeah it's working
very well but it's working oh you
stepped on my dog hey did you guys know
that the seats lay down to make getting
in that back seat easier yeah well sorry
the gang's all here you guys
okay ready
yep what are my choices and I guess it
is where we're eating today guys because
she never has to go with us so um so I
think sonic or the food court and are
your options
okay why did you give her an option
again when I really wanted to just go to
the food court because I'm starving I
rose in the mall no one wants to go
there memory it's that time when you go
to Sonic and you order half the menu I
legit just ordered six meals but it
seemed like so much more hope it got
right I'm gonna be really disappointed
it's not what would you do and cry if we
the orders I don't think they're gonna
mess up your grill she's saying we had a
great system going everybody knew what
they wanted and could I couldn't
remember all six meals and then I would
order and they would like whisper it to
me it would have been easier to run down
I'm just saying oh well why didn't
someone suggest that I did he said no
everybody is gonna tell me what they
want
my heart's okay with an email from this
that's all you don't you're not gonna
cheer louder
or I'm adding some fake cheering to this
to make myself feel good now do you like
clapping hey you guys don't know like I
had an abnormal you take be a little
while ago auntie's know she leaked out
yeah but then they did the echo and the
technician said it looked good but we
were waiting on confirmation from the
doctor and I just got an email that oh
that's good to know
I'm next yes a Melissa's gotta go get
her heart checked we're gonna go
together either do a stress test you
know what that means I have to actually
exercise though I shouldn't laugh you're
doing it do what you have to do I tell
you don't look right we want to see
because it runs in our family so much
and you only have to do it once or like
just once they wouldn't you have to run
for like what she's saying five minutes
or something just to get my blood
pressure 15 I'm saying well I bet you
that my heart and my blood pressure are
gonna get up really quick it's so
they're just measuring to see what my
heart does when it's stressed for lack
of a better word you guys thought I was
kidding when I said we ordered the whole
menu
there's my burger everybody's already
got their drinks
couple burgers have been handed out
Picon right yeah yeah oh the huge order
you guys wait for it for growth tea
sandwiches for Danny mary-kate was
hungry we're so hungry
alright this was our sonic adventure huh
mother my french fries yeah see she ate
one Geoffrey Brett oh no you ordered you
don't eat one Queen grilled cheese a la
carte so hello everyone we are in dirty
kids and I'm getting some heels they're
going to get my side now I'm Nordstrom I
got the shoes there oh they're black and
white I will show you my dad you won't
hold this shirt so I'm showing my shoes
and we ride with me and we are shopping
I think we are well I found a few things
I'm looking for outfits for a playlist
oh yeah yeah it's coming up very soon
most importantly Sarah's birthday
when they ask you your email was and I
was like Manny and him Haley went with
the big girls they're like you like what
he know I'm paid by themselves she's
like do you know your mom's email I was
like and she's like okay so yeah they
are
curving or spilling anything they will
we're a little bit stalkerish the girls
were walking around them all by
themselves
come on go find them
that lady told us fommy
look there they are look how big they
are
does Annie see me Oh Danielle sees me
see we're not being creepy we know them
like
yeah it
Hayley Starbuck where is her Starbuck
Oh mary-kate realism $0.75
oh no Mary Kate oh I'll pay you back
did you guys have fun do you talk to
cute boys do you have a boyfriend you
can't talk to cute boys you're thirsty
well your Starbucks is right there
I do need to edit so let's go you guys
get you a drink on the way out since you
didn't like mary-kate drink that she
bought you now you can pay her back for
okay $3.75 okay three hundred
seventy-five dollars three thousand
three thousand seven hundred and fifty
seven hundred and fifty dollars
three million seven hundred fifty
thousand dollars right m'kay oh that
what she owes you 375 three point seven
five million all right guys this is it
I'm here I got my tickets got my pass
it's time to go root for some Andrew
whoa
round two of shopping Annie looks like
she's not ready for round two
Hayley has changed outfits we really had
no intention of going out for round two
but we found out Mary Kate's classes new
glasses are in so round two cuz we got
to swing by target two because aunt
Melissa's purse broke broke the zipper
is broken so that's what round two
that's when round two was born oh my
gosh get new shoes if you can't keep
them tied ah mary-kate learn to tie
shoes I'm trying to film a video here
okay okay I can't tie your shoe if I'm
sure always trying to fill the video
I got videos too fiddly fight you guys
you don't need to worry about my googles
you were just fine no users plenty of
time for pebbles what that's disgusting
aunt Melissa didn't find a purse but
Annie found some glasses glasses it's so
go we can go to the toy section and you
can look at what the window shop there's
the food here and windows hot weather
food here Lena's yeah no no that means
browsing this is Ben not buying come on
Haley Wow
window-shopping giving me birthday idea
she's asleep
oh that ice cream truck yeah
is it really enigma that is cute is that
what that is yeah this is cute though -
what RV no a bumper just kidding
birthday ideas camels has a surprise for
you
did you see what was yeah bye Mk I'm
dropping MK off Emilie's is taking us
home
deuce that we dances oh good day good hi
okay you want to see what your surprises
you got to mail you've got mail you've
got man
River Alcon
ah you scared me right but is it like
Geoffrey Geoffrey but it's a birthday
card
I'm Geoffrey Geoffrey was always okay
I'm trying to rent one
alright 5ik make eight touch your foot
oh my goodness
awesome is having a friend light your
birthday candles
correcta birthday wishing you a new
balloons candles and a cake to help you
hope your birthday is just as special as
you your pal Jeffrey would raise the
chakram toys-r-us
it's from toys are rats it's probably
like a gift card or something let me see
this is a gift card for her birthday
Oh cuz she's on their mailing list
and that's some Packers fans what are
your names to meet you guys cheer for
the pack today awesome she and Robert
horrendous he just he just snapped it
off we got by
are you doing good
utterly it was awesome yeah I'm gonna
bring everybody in hello I stole all the
footage by the way I got it all all
around
I don't even that you took the camera
okay so there was like a split second
flat I was gonna make attack oh we saw
these stories run and I was running and
then I realized like seven times faster
no chance
wrong again wrong angle so that I had to
do it the only thing I could do it which
is wrong go pack go go go read I can't
see it
okay guys I don't know what the rules
are so I'm not sure I'm allowed to do
this myself
and I'm going it's really short time all
right okay it's dark in here so there's
a bed good thing there tell said beds
it's perfect all right it's got a couch
nice TV what all right let's see what we
got here Oh Holly there here's my car
too perfect I can watch it alright guys
it was a good game and it was fun
getting to see Andrew play I hope you
guys enjoyed it bathroom with a shower
and I am now going to get about 4 hours
of sleep and then I'm going to get on a
plane and go back home so we can live
stream for tailee makes history episode
3 and you guys can enjoy it for your
viewing pleasure good night see you
tomorrow
always remember to celebrate life
 baked potato baby thanks for
watching Vitaliy
