hey bratayley fans i guess you've heard
we were making history and we're
starting at the very beginning of our
nation that is we're off on a trip back
in time to the american revolution in
costume and undercover we're in hot
pursuit of characters like General
George Washington lady spies soldiers
presidents pirates horses and some
pretty sweet dance moves will travel the
original 13 colonies to see what we can
find and recreate some of history's most
famous moment so saddle up welcome to
the next colony on our New York New
Jersey Jersey
I wonder what we're gonna learn about
New Jersey
it is early Saturday morning and we are
in Moorestown New Jersey at the sky red
sea because you know who it's been a lot
of time in this colony oh hello my name
is George Washington you may remember me
from the one dollar bill I used to hang
out at this house so we thought we'd
check it out Kaylee does this look like
him no he looks like a weirdo a double
weirdo ya know cuz you know you look
like a triple weirdo oh and you look
like a four thousand who knows if you go
to Wikipedia and search weirdo your face
comes up George actually did a lot in
New Jersey there's this famous painting
of him leading the troops Crossing the
Delaware River to fight the British here
but we didn't come to Morristown to
learn about George we were here to learn
about some revolutionary women come on
in our guide Pat started out by telling
us about the Schuyler sisters so the
glamorous Schuyler sisters she says they
were kind of like the Kardashians of the
revolution
three girls of marriage Abel age they
were considered the most exciting
beautiful and rich they even had a mom
you didn't want to mess with Catherine
when she heard the British were coming
she torched her own wheat fields so the
Redcoats wouldn't have anything to eat
all our girls had strong personalities
the youngest one was pay here's Peggy
Peggy had dark black hair and slashing
dark eyes the most glamorous of all was
Angelica she was the eldest every person
she ever met fell in love with her the
third sister Betsy came to this house to
live with her aunt in the cold winter of
she was once reported having climbed one
of the Catskill Mountains leaping from
stone to stone like a deer Betsy was
here because her aunt was scheming to
fix her up with a dashing young officer
in General Washington's army here's the
guy that she fell in love with it's
Alexander Hamilton Hamilton was living
up the road in Washington's winter
headquarters in the winter of 1780 when
Elizabeth was here it was the worst
winter in recorded history they didn't
have any indoor plumbing if they had all
the pipes would have burst in town but
because there were no pipes they didn't
have to worry about it there you go
she really must have liked him she
toughed it out all winter here probably
passing the time sitting around knitting
socks for the troops with the other fine
ladies of Morristown New Jersey socks
for the troops are a very important
factor we decided to try it
you have two sticks right - knitting
needles what we want to do is move from
the outside towards the fabric through
the first loop knitting is very hard
because it's like this loop and in this
loop and then that looping and you're
like I messed up yay
move your needle that's in your right
hand to the front of the needle just
like that it took forever just to do
like two little lines of it and you have
to make them touch the entire way you
can't let them
uncut where they would like the whole
thing fall apart you lost the stitch
here's what we learned knitting is hard
oh you had really made a mess darling
hey if the Revolutionary Army were
depending on us there probably would
never have been a United States it's
funny Pat toll is a funny story about
how the Morristown ladies started making
such for the troops in the first place
George Washington spent two full winters
of the American Revolution and when he
first arrived here he sent for his wife
what happened next was kind of like an
episode of The Real Housewives of
colonial New Jersey when she came here
the ladies of Morristown were so excited
that the great woman would be here they
put on their best dresses their finest
silks they had ribbons and their hair
and feathers and they went to greet mrs.
Washington they were greeted by a woman
dressed like a servant they didn't know
she was Martha Washington they said very
grandly tell mrs. Washington that were
here mrs. Washington said to them you
would be much better spend your time if
you were knitting socks for the troops
instead of putting on airs and having
been scolded the ladies of Morristown
went home the next day they came in
there homespuns and they sat and knitted
socks for the troops now Army's walk on
their feet and I'm sure your dad can act
lise attest to the fact that socks are
one of the things that you go through
the fastest you're on your feet a lot
and the other thing about it is your
your shirts and your socks touch your
body and when you're and when you're
fighting you don't have time to wash
everything all the time
what about polyester jumpsuits they
didn't have those no they didn't have
those no polyester jumpsuits what about
underwear that kind of important they
didn't have an underwear quite the same
way that we have underwear what they had
was a big bulky shirt that would be
folded up underneath your crotch that's
one reason why shirts are so important
the person who was teaching us how to
knit showed us how high her socks were I
am wearing something that would have
been imported from Europe I am wearing
whoopsy silk stockings hi really sex
that would take a really long time to
knit where are your socks I mean they're
invisible
I made a blanket for winning I made a
square
I made a wallet I made wool
I made a hamster blanket yes perfect
hashtag potato makes this J so back to
Betsy Schuyler all that winter she
knitted and flirted with that Alexander
Hamilton and by the end success she
stayed here during the winter 1780 and
became engaged to Alexander Hamilton
Alexander and Betsy became one of the
revolutions power couples after the war
he founded the First National Bank a
secretary of the Treasury that's him on
the $10 bill
and that's him too subject to Hamilton
one of the most popular shows on
Broadway right now but this reality show
all ends like an episode of house of
cards Alexander was shot and killed in a
duel right here in New Jersey with Aaron
Burr who get this was the American vice
president for those of us climbing to
the top of the food chain there can be
no mercy top that Kevin Spacey what a
story we said goodbye to Pat with a
rousing rendition of Yankee Doodle no
feather in his head and called it
macaroni yeah we didn't really know all
the words so we just sang the same ones
over and over again
and we were about to find out that while
the women of Morristown were knitting
other real housewives of revolutionary
New Jersey we're doing their bit this is
our second stuff and well right now
we're at the vein of your house I really
don't know what went on here but I
intend to find out meet molly Pitcher oh
my god soon we got some spare hats over
here for you young ladies to maybe where
you're gonna wear them now I introduced
myself as Mary Ludwig Hays McCauley but
did I tell you what most folks around
these parts call me think I might take
it molly Pitcher
right this is called a Liberty Cap
c'mere let's put this on your hip all
right
every good soldier particularly in the
winter camps had one of these don't get
your hair out of your face it said that
Molly got her name because she brought
water to thirsty soldiers now my husband
was an at artillery man your artillery
is she would have been one of a
surprising number of colonial women
actually follow their husbands to the
front lines of the war and then one day
it was Monmouth June 28th 1778 the
Americans and the British meta we would
my husband was firing off his cannon my
job was running up and down the hill get
water and give it to soldiers and making
sure that the cannon had water but
wasn't that one time I come back and
there was my husband really he fainted
dead away it was a hundred degrees in
the shade we probably lost 80 people
before the battle even started to the
heat Molly stepped up to take his place
at the cannon I said I stand ready to
take my husband's position that's what I
spent the whole day doing load enough
ammunition 12 pound Campbell's all day
I mean at one point I actually got a
cannon at some artillery from the other
side went right through my legs and
carried off the bottom half of my skirts
legend has it that General Washington
himself made her an honorary sergeant
after she saved the day eight steps to
the left one two three four five six
seven eight
molly reminded us that even during
wartime people had to have some fun so
he taught us this dance we have to like
run around in a circle father and I went
down to camp along with captain good and
there we saw the men and boys as
thickness Hasty Pudding she was the
first person we met who could teach us
all the words of Yankee Doodle music and
the step and with the girls be handy
there we saw a slumping gum larger it
kind of reminded me of the thing where
you cross arms and then you skip what is
that canto Yankee Doodle Dandy quick
music and the step and with the girls me
hands and yeah I do
Americans delight in children to whistle
sing or play it's just the thing for
fighting Yankee Doodle keep it up Yankee
Doodle Dandy mind the music and the step
Pat with thud girls be handy
yeah buddy
