time for me I look like it wait do I
look like the plague Larry so right now
we have Daniel
I mean
and we have Mary Kate look at her dress
she's in advance doesn't know what
and then return gap we are going to
mommy you're going to meet yeah we're
going to mommy and
I do today Somali you did what we do it
we're going to eat someone yay I had a
craving for K so we're going to hunt
some of that down and how was practice
pretty good so I hear
in Seoul it
like swaggy fragment
I have a video of ever the last time you
did it I just realized that I've got to
make sure that gets in the video I've
opened my video I think your video yes
my sting we're gonna be fight never foot
at dark we yeah we are I can end up in
mine okay comment down below who should
get the video before mommy I can put on
your zoo but like Halley's first back
handspring ever with not a mat on the
floor round up that gives me a half say
okay she's gone
who she feels better right hand first
got here she settles she like that
around I'll bring her back
okay we could need to work on her legs
but she did it she did it by herself we
saw you do you guys don't judge us
because this is the case so that we
picked
this queso is the best yes guys or it
chilies and you asked for eating okay so
from Chili's but it's my favorite
okay so secrets of our daily that's my
favorite queso right my lunch meal hey
guys hey we're filling here we just call
your name even funny if I did it on
purpose but ended here now I'm not that
fun hey guys so we're with Mary Kate
right now and we're going to her house
to get a li then we're gonna go home and
film a video and then we're gonna relax
and then I'm gonna do some makeup and
I'm not actually I'm too lazy to do that
um and how was practice
good I'm tired
you sound tired you look tired
Oh
I'm always to do that like insult each
other yeah and then the other person
that got insulted would be Oh
even though they got sold if they were
funny insults I didn't even make any
sense
when i insult mary-kate it'll be cute I
think pressure oh don't open Haley do it
doesn't even make sense they're just
like okay we're gonna trash talk and
we're like okay your face is too big oh
and then a Lee hood something like well
your toe is too tiny your nose is too
red red this is to read your skin is too
flawless and the real you did your hair
is too pretty stuff like that yeah we're
after gymnastic snacking I almost said
after school what's in the bratayley
refrigerator guys I wanted everybody a
gymnastics think of your knee Leah
that was yesterday no no what did
anybody know that that was over daily oh
yeah
could you tell them my oh here see this
what is it your way ah first Kenny miss
Kimmy I never heard you call her that I
closed that refrigerator drama bean
uh-huh and and yes she she she's like I
liked it leo and then we went to vote
and mr. Beales like alligator leo
oh it's a potato he once as she noticed
and she's like oh it's a detailee one
and Miss Kim was like what like now I
like it even more
that's cool what could I eat something
like something sweet with this honey
that is the sweet part an apple makes my
favorite
but that's what it's for and if you
can't cancel any presents
I don't think so so this is what happens
after gym sometimes Annie comes and
raids the fridge in the pantry before
dinner
you can try Ritz cracker you're hungry
too your shirt on backwards
well sticky but we're okay all right
so anything special happen at gymnastics
she's back she's got it on properly now
I did half a lot over here that's good
level nine bars all right my friends I'm
sleepy today me too
let's all take naps let's call it a
family nap day hey guys
guys this is not an announcement like
officially but guess what Sophia just
told me back on is going to Amsterdam in
April you can finally go to London in
Paris what I like how she's giving us
permission I'm not saying we're going to
VidCon in Amsterdam but I'm just saying
that's what she just texted me wait so
but Sophia if you guys don't know who
Sophia is she's the one that helps us
with maker he's going to start rolling
on us out of the country that was not an
official announcement I just wanted to
gauge your reaction oh my goodness
gracious
hmm you guys are driving her insane
sattell right outside Oh 10 adults
coming okay when he's just trotting
along okay so we're going outside
jump a trampoline I think I've smacked
because I'm biggie and hyper got a stick
come on Gigi let's go ever knew she ever
knew there we go okay oh wow should rush
shoes oh wee oh wee this really hurts
you I don't like a bag hey I don't like
it like that
it's not going to like it no way
thank you okay so what I can do that we
all see you the water so I do not like
those bugs
you like the big ones that I like that a
and have wheeze and like they all travel
together one group and like these little
leaves up the trees what she's fine
those things won't do anything it is
medium tide right now wind up in the
boat in a while I'm gonna feel the water
tell me if it's warm or cold
it's warm cool okay nice tamale
Oh
I always have to move like I can't just
sit in one place ooh mad fighting there
we go it's the last week of summer
practice in my damn self Ernie active
warning here when will this camera sure
I gotta eat
she brought a snack yes in case we were
out every walk but that didn't go well
so right now we're just walking home hmm
Winnie hey Piper you know how to open a
door girl
Tommy G Piper you don't open a door he
does hmm so the trampoline can I got
backfired there one of those like
humongous bugs on their set either it
flies daddy wouldn't hold him I'll go
get him daddy oh no my bugs guys quit
raiding the pantry I'm editing the video
and I made them go outside so I could
have some peace and quiet and then they
came back in this is the back-to-school
shopping with the teenagers and then
Winnie not Winnie the other dog locusts
they're really loud like you know like
hailey
you guys want to know a little secret
and he's dating a little school test
right now the school years about start
and we decided as a family to switch her
curriculum not because we didn't like
her old one it just wasn't working for
us anymore it was a great program so we
decided to try something else and so she
is taking a placement test right now
everything's online we don't have to
grade it so that's one reason it was we
don't think the old ones up fed so she's
got about an hour's worth of testing for
one subject uh we've determined that
Annie they're really smart or really
dumb it's a placement test you guys and
it's um it told us as a beginning but it
was going to try to stump her basically
like don't worry doesn't note know them
all and we feel like it's been trying to
stump for a Nikki so I'm like you're
either really smart and you're getting
them and they say they haven't stumped
you yet or you're really dumb you don't
know any of them and they're like okay
everyone that come up to the camp okay
one more maybe she'll get one maybe
she'll finally get one which this is a
little kids I don't know what this means
this is like college
what's it say which sentence below heat
contains us that subordinate clause
let's go see you know it did say make
your best guess you don't know I don't
know yes yet it was
I should be I shouldn't be in here right
now I'm probably distracting her how am
I supposed to know you're the computer
you can't that's cheating
no I'm having did that man just make me
give them the answers mm-hmm like focus
it's time to push in the day we're all
rounding down right now I thought my
question today so if you had to eat one
meal like breakfast lunch or dinner for
your whole entire life every single day
three times a day but like it was those
kinds of food like you get up you eat
lunch at lunchtime you eat lunch at that
time you eat lunch or like dinner for
breakfast you know what I mean so I
would say dinner yeah
dinner dinner dinner dinner dinner
dinner dinner dinner dinner so rolled
Gupte Haley she's in the bathroom now
I'm gonna clip right away but when she's
done she's gone do the Chris today so I
will see you guys tomorrow
ah she does my phone we're all good
people landed on carpet but um no I mean
yeah the thumbnail should be my face
Alex so yeah I will see you tomorrow hi
guys all right now I might be quiet I
know that my hair is not very nice today
oh it's gonna eat doctor doctor doctor
okay so I know oh and you walk in and
you see attentively okay so my room is
very messy
always and climbing the day ease okay so
this is hard to explain if you could all
like all like the rest of your life
would you have breakfast lunch or dinner
or would you have lunch for breakfast
breakfast for dinner and I don't know
what like a lunch
never or would you rather have breakfast
never and lunch or dinner I don't know
how to explain it guys so really would
you rather have breakfast for how the
whole like for your whole rest of your
life or lunch with all hours of your
life or dinner for the whole West or
Burwash so I um I would pick breakfast
because breakfast is the most important
meal of the day because it's the first
thing when you wake up so well well you
gotta get dressed
yeah okay so don't forget to comment
down below has anyone know the creddies
would you rather have breakfast bring up
the rest of your life
lunch for the rest of your life or
dinner for the rest of your life bye see
you tomorrow it'll always remember to
celebrate life
baked potato baked potato
thanks for watching
Vitaliy
