Thursday morning blues couldn't get it
like the Monday morning blues well that
didn't work
I'm over here fixing lunch and I saw how
cute you guys all were snuggled up and
he's doing school
Haley's trying to walk and Reggie's
being cagey typical Thursday what
typical Thursday morning here like
Thursday mornings don't always look like
this in our life but this is what you
can find us doing on a Thursday morning
here this is pretty typical huh Annie
have a dog okay Gigi nobody asks you
raise your hand if you asked Gigi a
question yes what I thought Gigi saw
that okay so I say Thursday morning it
is morning but it's almost lunchtime
we've had a pretty lazy morning Haley
will not get up hope she's feeling okay
she couldn't fall asleep last night so
she's a little tired you feeling okay
you just couldn't sleep last night
you're not getting sick are you okay
nice chat my little baby girl I can't
get close to Haley because then Winnie
will get on top of her oh geez Winnie
Winnie don't even try Winnie you are not
a cat you cannot do that and now you're
stepping in here get down Winnie come on
is she on you get on your hair when you
get down yeah so don't do that
Winnie wait Annie you just that you just
did that she she heard that you okay Hey
she knows she just hurt her you okay Hey
hey hey when you what is your winning no
pressure okay
I'm gonna help your ears again and turn
it off we'll be back in the box oh my
gosh oh my gosh she got in there I
promise you hi buddy hey man let's see
her react you my sir yelling your name
kit go and he's been doing school
morning Haley's kind of gotten out of
school because her school gave me access
to just for saying I want to access
no listen I volunteered like if we get
they came out with a new version to help
make hers a little bit easier like it's
hard to tell where she is and I had to
go back and say have you done this have
you doesn't because it doesn't give
checkmarks and that was my biggest
complaint about hers curriculum
apparently they came out with his new
one and they sent an email said if you
want to participate in this and you have
to do surveys and all that then we'll
give you access to it but I'm busy
trying to get all the work that she's
done caught up in the new system so that
they know she's done it so I'm having to
like resubmit some assignments but bonus
for Haley she can't do school right now
until I get all this switched over but
it's going to be so much easier already
it seems so that's what's going on
torturing the dogs on our little bit of
a break and getting Haley's assignments
resubmitted so they know we did them on
the new system and it's taking me
forever so Haley's kind of getting like
the green on her all right that's your
update I don't think I explained that
well but basically Haley is getting a
break from school while I fix your house
the TV's always on no matter if
anybody's watching it or not did you
give her photo Kratz oh oh she's feisty
she's in a good mood when she gets out
of school yeah it's just like I don't
have to you schooled it today well she
is doing a little bit but she's
definitely losing time what you were yes
I want you were in a better mood when I
was like you're not gonna be able to do
much school today and like the smile
came across her face I think this is
gonna make our life easier so I'm glad
they came out with it oh no
that's gonna be the one who's like wait
there's a painter out there Oh
painting the debt so they need to go out
front it was that Browns whatever yeah
they never did it when they did the deck
so we're getting that done out they go
they look at you like are you coming I'm
not going out that a hey girls girls you
guys are coming back in and getting
shoes on your feet it's really cold out
thank you a so Haley's got her new what
did I go as I calling this new system I
guess word system I finally figured out
I got everything transferred except a
few things where the test didn't
transfer so I've got a contact with
school because she needs to get credit
for those tests that she's already done
but it's like it won't let me go past
that yeah how about you ask mommy why
don't you please get me a drink so she's
busy working on this new system and
we're gonna see if we like it and we're
gonna fill out a survey and that's what
we get we get access to this new system
by just participating in the survey
that's kind of cool and so far so good
that's gonna give us tip 1 so now she's
got to read another page so I'm kind of
walking her through the new system so
she can kind of get used to it but I'm
kind of happy with it at first but
they've got a fix like all the work we
don't want to lose all the work she's
already done she shouldn't have to
retake the test that she's already taken
and some for some reason they're not
transferring over so I've still got to
figure that out and it reads it to her
so she's excited I think the other one
did that too so you can read along with
it and that's so cool
ok Sarah's your update and I'm gonna go
upstairs and finish Haley's room and
maybe I'll bring the camera and show you
where I left off oh well Haley's working
on school yes Annie was on a break so
they're both back to school I wanted to
show you guys all this stuff look all
our school uniforms that we're gonna
donate back to the school because they
can still use all these she's not go
into the private school anymore all the
clothes that don't fit her that we're
gonna donate and
this is what her cloth so all that's
gonna go in here I can go drop those off
to donate and I'll figure out how to
well how to do that probably drop it off
the school it's all clean
I gotta fold it and this is this stuff
that's left that does fit her this is
her closet or the closets not completely
done but it's definitely better all the
hangers little baby hangers don't fit
her clothes anymore and I started on
this all this I'm gonna clean whoo
all right Kurt dresses and event clothes
are kind of there and her shoes most of
these shoes do not fit her I already
threw um the ones that I know don't fit
her in the donate pile but I need her to
try these on because some of these may
but she might she's in like a slice
three and some of these are a 1 she's
like in between a 2 and a 3 and these a
couple these are ones I don't think
these are gonna fit her these may so cuz
shoes run differently so I wanted to
like try them on and then she might be
down to like five pairs of shoes so
anyways and some like these were Annie's
that Haley hasn't worn ever
hand-me-downs I think these were Andy's
too
she never wore them like three times
maybe she wore those maybe like three
times
okay well that's update I haven't done
her bathroom yet most of her room is
done like I cleaned I don't know if we
showed you a before yesterday but this
is what I've been working on that desk
was a mess you got another check mark
yeah done done with your dad but he's
learning how that new says you've been
literally doing school for 10 minutes
I'm showing everybody you're in room
nice right yeah I've just got to get all
this stuff out of your room now and
donated goodnight
oh that's cute I you think you're going
to sleep and I just take a little nice
15-minute nap you've done literally 15
minutes of school so you think every 15
minutes you get a 15 minute break yes
I'd be delightful you're so proper today
dramatic oh my gosh you were a mess your
pants were all turned and not really
matching it was because they filmed a
dog bathing video today they gave Piper
a bath who knows if that video will ever
make its way on oh it reminds me when we
talk about YouTube Haley you are like my
thousand subscribers away from a million
what yeah you are so close
everybody goes subscribe and knock her
right above a million so we could submit
for her YouTube plaque given Haley's
YouTube a shout-out
oh yeah look this is completely empty we
got to figure out something to go in
here Haley thinks her favorite clothes
should go in here all of our school
uniforms used to be in there look more
hangers that don't fit so that's nice
like I'm working so hard no don't hang
on that okay back to school 50 minutes
is up to seconds I'm going to sleep in
celebration of being done with a long
day of school
the floor is lava sorry for the
messiness we had a whole night to
ourselves oh it was fun party hey that's
what y'all are doing while I was
cleaning what mmm - she was on them man
I can push you guys though when da GD
has not realized a thing GD hates the
camera you know what GG you know what
all right so we're just having an
awesome night
hey I caused a dogfight anyways all
better the dog fight has broken up what
someone's gonna get hurt I'm holding
Gigi Winnie are you sorry
Gigi are you sorry I should put you guys
in the same shirt and make I don't like
that no it did not stop happen too fast
alright it's just one of those nights
where like we haven't had dinner and we
haven't done much except school so I
think we're gonna figure out dinner and
on that note we'll see in a little bit
hola so I'm gonna wash my face but I'm
also gonna be wrapping up question of
the day mommy what's the question today
there you hear a bump at night wait you
hear a bump in the night what do you do
okay here's what I do if I'm just you
know relaxing in my bed well it really
depends if I'm alone if I'm alone the
studio loan scenario if I'm alone and I
hear something downstairs or in my room
anything I'm very scared at night so I
would probably let's see
I'm just explained it up I'm sitting at
my bed or about to go to sleep and I
can't follow sleep to nothing so like my
something has to be on music videos
YouTube TV like anything so I would
probably like look up I put my
flashlight on and I'd be so scared and I
just sit there for like two minutes and
any kind of like creak or anything I
just start running
but there's one bump I probably just sit
there for a little bit and if I heard
anything else I would just run out of
the room I sprint out there and probably
trip down the stairs and hurt myself
after that I would run to my parents
room and I would run and jump on the bed
and get under the covers and then I'd
look all the doors I go back out I'd
look all the doors and turn on all the
lights let me get in trouble the next
morning for the lights being on but yeah
and then I find out the next night that
is miss hailey
so yeah what would you do I'd be so
scared I would panic like I don't know
just cousin like I would go and I would
start thinking of different scenarios
like what if someone just came into my
room right now you know so the one
that's why I'm gonna have the TV or
anything on because I start thinking of
stuff yeah so that's pretty much it I'm
getting ready for bed hey mommy
so my mom went to Sephora and got me
some cleanser because I ran out of my
old one but it looks the same stuff it's
just down a different bottle yeah it
looks exactly the same weird so yeah
don't forget to comment down below does
bu want to know the question of the day
is if you heard about that night what
would you do and yeah bye guys
see you tomorrow bonus footage her face
is clean I know too literally just
turned the camera but I wanted to show
that we're rehearsing cuz um she's got a
new song that's gonna be out soon
rehearsing tonight
no but daddy was hooking it up cuz he's
not gonna have time tomorrow but new
songs are coming and it might be coming
out on one of the tours we don't know
yet but we're rehearsing just in case
song coming soon see you later
remember to celebrate
thanks for watching Vitaly
