it is time to get these nails off I've
had them for a very long time and some
of them are just coming off like they're
like breaking and they really hurt and
they're getting too long so we're gonna
clip them really fast and then we're
gonna try to get them out and then we're
going to use acetone see if this works
I usually have mine on for so long like
that because I usually don't go this
long so I usually have them on where
they can eat like yours is kind of
falling off well I eventually just peel
mine all off and I never have to like
soak them or go to the salon and get
them taken off so this is going to be an
adventure first it says to clip the
excess clip remaining I thought you were
gonna clip the night you're making me
nervous
am I gonna cook them I don't know I
don't want to you do it okay the camera
are you sure you want them off yes I'm
positive
so we kept them on for two weeks cuz
that's about how long they stay on we
didn't really like them we like him at
first
but they're like super long bye we're
just done what if it you're not gonna do
it as short and excited hey I need a
suite but yeah I don't want you to cut
my nail okay so I'll just go like you're
tired of that besides I do the flat end
I think okay guys I don't know that's
flat oh the other one looks flat oh my
kid max okay okay ready hurt yet now
well I'll show you go a little bit
shorter Wow names are gonna be
everywhere we're gonna be cleaning up a
nail be careful please your nails are
gonna be very thin that's the problem
with our Alex the kind of hurt that they
kind of don't it's weird
I don't know is this really necessary
you guys tell David okay good
I could read right here
I don't know this is really doing
anything I'm just getting the tips off
that good yeah
there's your loose one the other hand
this one all right I hope this works you
guys I've got most of us doing anything
but I kind of look good sporting them up
a little yeah we should do that next
time next time we're gonna get our
regular gels all right we got Haley
helping for fast a little more all right
good Hey
all right Annie oh wait you shove into
the timer on okay I put a timer on well
like a nail in here it smell like nail
good yeah sit there for 15 minutes it's
easier yeah put the TV on oh this is
weird when you feel your nails in here
they feel dry really I forget like like
fingernail polish remover right he'll
dry
that's so weird what are you gonna do it
for 15 minutes Oh
Haley's cleaning it dripped a little bit
minor necks like a second trim mine or
multitasking now or about seven minutes
into the soap and Annie's eating a
popsicle it working are you getting any
you done how's your day so far what'd
you do this morning
all right got ready I ran to the store
to get this and you guys did what tell
them it's a build up video what can they
look forward to what do they have to
look forward to
gymnastics did you have a special guests
yeah yeah are you gonna tell them what
you did or the secret and when will this
be up to come off oh it's like eating it
away
when is this scheduled to go up
Oh gross
thanks cool would you a week
very interesting down there when is this
scheduled to go up this coming Wednesday
what is today Saturday yes
oh you're switching them yeah I bought
those scheduled to go up in a few weeks
according to your calendar but you can
switch it video
oh my total video things almost day
another video gives all the other ones
day and in this video comes out whoa
that's a while I always turn the camera
off too soon she said fine I'll tell you
what is it how many I can't a minute and
Hailey participated I'm sorry I missed
that I can't wait to see it can you
upload it this Wednesday instead what's
this Wednesday well as last Wednesday um
old music please make up make up and
then the next Wednesday a new me I mean
I'm kind of pleased mmm
and then this one you just did exciting
stuff going on around Annie's channel
what is he then yeah
take a look that's really gross
are they coming off or is that just the
nail-polish coming up whoa Haley's
working hard today you guys
she got a new carpet rug for her
playroom for her birthday this year
she's getting this playroom all put
together so she's helping bring it in
hopefully we cleared out enough space in
here all right
so I've got um carpet sticky thingy so
it doesn't slide and we're gonna see if
we got a good sized carpet enough for
you unroll it you need to put it in the
middle of the floor what I mean so we
can just open it up oh okay let's
straighten it all out first was hard
work
nothing well I asked you if you wanted
me to do it and you said no okay we got
to flatten this out before we unroll it
so move that off a little there we go
that's perfect yeah okay wait
see let's get it so we'll get it all
rolled out and see if it's the right
size and then we'll fix everything I
might have needed to get a bigger carpet
was called carpet grippers do you think
the colors are good huh
and now you can just sit a little bit
more comfortably ah perfect this
organize get it organized where do you
want because you're getting a big house
for your birthday right dollhouse
possibly which wall and he's saying this
wall oh yeah so when you walk in the
door you can see it so you need to clear
this wall because it's almost your
birthday and if you get it
wait what what is it today's the 12th I
don't have my phone up here right how
many days is it 31 January February
March April May June July August 31 that
easier for you
oh is that three weeks from today Oh
three weeks Haley good
I'm have another three weeks before
you're eight cuz that makes me feel a
little better
oh yes I like it we did it
now I have some little cubbies to put
together Tommy's yeah I bought those um
like toy box type things and they go in
here they're gonna go in here for now I
think they could go in your room
eventually but we'll put them in here
alright ready
okay let's do one ready work Annie's
outfit of the day super cute I'm filming
Danielle not filming herself they're
gonna borrow a camera cuz they're gonna
make videos well hey I don't know what
kind of videos but they might be like
flash in the face yeah I did not record
yeah there's no memory card no but it
could take pictures that's great what
are we going about to do ladies she
walks away
oh yeah upstairs we're watching the
Olympics what's going on
what kind of Olympics are you watching
court volleyball that's exciting
everybody get in the car okay you stay
here
you can't stay by yourself hey um yeah
this is the story of my life we've been
making them go back I should have made
them go back right there go back and
turn out lights behind themselves and
closed doors what are you doing back
there
Manny bananie are you lonely back there
you're in the way back in the way we're
back
doing some music with money you didn't
post any of those all I've heard is
music Lee's going on back there you can
post any of them what you're doing here
hey let's post some private ones post
that one with the like air condition
blowing in a hair like Mary Kate good
miles cool-looking boy we what are we
doing I was going on her she's going to
get something and so say it I will
instance you know your body parts my god
Wow hailey
she's almost eight years old right she's
like six do i 12
oh now people are gonna think she's 12
where you gonna wipe that
I think I've got a great on me a great
title for that when cousins fight wet
willies
put in her ear do you know what a wet
willy is
oh my foot that's a liquid
to make her my ears
we just got out of the movie Danielle
wants to be a troll
yeah
0:03 yeah are you gonna do a li looks
like you took it that's there on the
screen here will you get one of Haley go
Haley look at your face that's how you
put your Facebook her face is a little
bigger maybe stuck you're not gonna be a
jewel alright come on you don't want to
be a troll did you like the movie
I ate a lot you're not hungry now you
ruined your dinner
hmm I am you're hungry hey so was it
good yeah Haley giggled the whole time
big character bunny huh Andy was your
favorite another horse oh wait
there wasn't a horse is oh hey guys yeah
Annie is doing something he's in her
house it and we're in a nice room okay
so a question that I was probably
something best holding rooms
would you rather when you go to dinner
because you like just got home from you
sit at a table like with chairs or a
booth a booth I don't know cuz I kind of
like chairs it's like my chair I don't
know oh okay I probably picked booth
because it's a kill exhibition yeah yeah
so could you come down oh honey one
another question of the day it is so
Janice is a booth or table and chair boy
I will see you tomorrow bye we're
getting pajamas and you're ready for bed
it was like so many times I always
remember to celebrate life ah
potato baked potato baby
thanks for watching the daily bonus
footage mom sister pajamas oh my
goodness
Oh Winnie you're getting yelled at I
like it dressed up like in honor of
David why did you take that off all
right guys
Hayley just wanted to show you this
remember in David tonight not just
tonight but every day he tucked his
shirt in a lot most times he wore a
bowtie lot loved superheroes and the
socks too oh jeez what is going on this
what you guys do when we're gone we just
saw the secret life of pets and we found
out what pets really do when we're gone
