time for me hey guys today's Friday and
that's very very exciting for Friday the
weekend and we were chopping and I
really hit close and I want to try on
nothing yesterday yes we've good
afternoon today we just got that up in
my hand burned day Perry anyway um yeah
and retain lee makes history is coming
out today it will already be up by the
time you see this video and it's episode
well if it is episode 2 single order you
guys should go check that out it's it's
part 2 you guys it's Friday so it could
only mean one thing I'm juggling the
fact that's and we get that if we're see
in this face it can only mean one thing
what's it mean Jon that I'm at work oh
yeah what else what else it could mean
that it's the we almost the weekend it
could mean that it's hashtag field trip
Friday yes it could mean that a knees
spinning in our orange packet there yeah
episode 2 is about to drop so hard right
now
I think that's what it means yeah it's
it's pretty quiet around here today yeah
dreaming banana yeah I think we need the
dreaming banana for sure you guys
remember the dreaming banana what are
you doing back there E&E yeah there it
is
all the Meuse Oh H money finally make it
in a pan here she is
hi I'm sorry to jam you up I know you
were very busy we appreciate your time
and you know Danielle - Danielle
probably met ya poor connection oh
that's got to be on his hand it can't be
evolved early why J well we're about to
go live so I'm sure he'll call us back
in a little bit
world is pop back up on her screen she's
gonna do her thing
no pressure Annie what's not musically
we come in at you it's like time to get
started because you got a type your step
in are you directing this thing today
well anything my episode 2 I don't know
John's got with the title coming action
music Lee and then like 12 American flag
emojis it may be a light bulb emoji and
maybe if this Papa mo te and maybe a
cheeseburger that's what I would write
got all that do it in your voice but do
it do not you and do it where's that
pers act like I don't know something
like episode 2 is about to drop some
American flag some fist bump some Diet
Mountain Dew drinking about to drop ok
there's a good sound swag I think we all
need to enjoy the moment when Annie goes
live at the first moments it's really
cute so we'll be back when that happens
so canister Oh what time is it
yeah you can totally start you got about
five minutes before we officially start
yes I gotta turn this thing around I
think it's working
just working are you on oh I should
watch you take a laceration but say yeah
what do you did you post on unease yeah
and she posted on Instagram - you're on
Annie
yeah we're on right now is it like too
late yeah it's totally balloon vol.5
baby
so really I'm saying this and now you're
here
you know when I do the work you need
your fake microphone microphone while
we're waiting for everybody that she's
live we're gonna give everybody a
few minutes here in real life you go on
the musically app it should give you a
notification we're celebrating part two
of Massachusetts
well really makes us Jason it's coming
out today and hi Sammy
anyways so yeah halo Oh she's tripping
over the dog up she's back Haley which
was like girl look at all I Gandhi okay
perfect
that means a lot Piper baby why hide
away okay it's here you know since we
had such a major oversee the hostages oh
you brought out two fake microphone me
oh now I'm in a mecca zone beacon Ellis
now you just wait for a little while and
then ask someone what you know you can't
ask questions yet
thank you start asking some questions
later we can right now so we are going
to do good thing we planned though I
don't know we might be uploading a new
video that's oh yeah awesome gonna be
doing that what else will be doing thing
where we upload another video
something really really awesome who's
gonna watch tell them to have em to do a
American flag if they're gonna watch
yeah okay comment but the the American
flag if you're gonna watch come on see
you got a long there will take some time
to get that American flag up you it up
in here pack like we got the first flag
blah blah Sabrina Oh
be cool oh sorry babe into the ice is
done 8 9 10 11 12 13 14 15 you could go
anywhere in the world where would it be
Annie they can't hear you you're not
talking to your microphone well I have a
question a lot of heart okay - Gigi you
got five million heart you know I don't
understand any of this oh hey Gigi Oh
what Piper like what wait what sing big
tears on ya my baked potato fake oh so
you're gonna have to do this every time
oh okay let's do this for the rest they
can see no pressure no pressure
none at all doesn't count
hey sound like it she's not happy very
much I know
we are totally just guessing with the
countdown a woman then
9 hey it's 3 o'clock go watch it all
right we'll try to do this next week
right we gonna try to go live next week
maybe we are the friends over sign it
off Annie say goodbye you have to go now
go watch it and yeah hmm
all right my Friday night lazy friends
it's party time
what meet me in my room for the biggest
party of the weekend come on Annie don't
be such a party pooper
all right now you know what it is I'm
walking back what all right you guys
it's gonna be embarrassingly funny of a
party so first of all I'm in the middle
of doing laundry but secondly I've been
cleaning out and realized that we have a
suitcase from when we've been traveling
that I've just been throwing shoes in
when we didn't need them and they need
to put away are you ready for this are
you sure they're all my shoes so yeah
it's like shopping its everybody shoes I
don't probably except for daddies so
we're gonna play a little game of get
your shoes out of my suitcase and put
them away
party party wait a second Hayley you
were so excited 20 seconds ago come back
come back
it's Friday night party time
you want to do outfit of the day come on
show them your outfit model it model and
knowing it she picked this outfit out
all by herself when we were shopping and
at the mall yesterday you know show it
sure wet
show win take a picture of it and post
it on instagram and hashtag OOTD oh oh
wait output i bombed that out no I
didn't outfit of the day I didn't I
nailed it want to do that instead tell
him to go follow you on Instagram what's
your Instagram super Haley okay they go
follow you do you promise to show a
picture of your outfit come on come on
daddy made mashed potatoes alright she's
gonna do it guys go follow her and
you'll see who's right am i right or is
Haley right she's gonna do it she's
gonna show her outfit of the day right
no she's gonna post it right now but by
the time they see this video it's
already gonna be up okay follow her what
what what happened
is that why why why why why would you
ask us to film that no I'm good if you
want to take a camera over there yeah
yeah right into the hotel Oh gross they
don't want to see you do
is it on yeah
oh yeah what are you doing I was walking
out there and I caught mitoans on the
walls are they who i shouldn't walk out
my bare butt darts your ball fighter i
got your vault by the yeah I stole her
blinky I'm starting a rule no blankie
downstairs what's going on over here
things that a funny word okay so in your
own words I want to hear this
what is kombucha it's a living organism
that you drink and it's healthy and it
smells like vinegar and it has a baby
yes there's a mother we think we're
making this up we're not no this is the
mother organism and in this batch before
it's done for many there will be a small
baby in there and then so can't make
this take that baby and put it into
another jar and you just keep continuing
we can give our baby to miss Jill no my
baby no that's what you're supposed to
do and then she can she can grow we're
not shares we're gonna make another job
yeah pretty soon he's rooms would be
full of these no that's disgusting and
creepy and not right is he disgusting
and creepy that way that is really rude
she needs a bath look how dirty her face
Danny I felt that they stole the brain
okay okay daddy
it's football in here guess what we're
doing tonight watching that man play
number 48 no no not Billy he's not a
professional football player but Andrew
is and he's playing tonight in a
preseason game and this little girl fell
asleep I don't know who told her that
she did go to sleep oh my gosh her doll
and her had the same exact color hair
that's cool
why are you in here and you guys aren't
that's not fair
Winnie yeah Mary Kate's best friend is
in here hey guys I thought of a good
question of the day so what's your
favorite social media app on your phone
hmm hand it over
it's not gonna rip it Annie let me have
you can have it when you go to bed just
give it to Daddy
no I will rip it if you love it more
you'll let it go mine is Instagram I
know what danielle's is snapchat missing
Instagram keys me Billy Oh daddy's at
Instagram tell me Oh
yeah this isn't over
I'm asleep and Haley's asleep and I'm
watching TV and by artist the question
of the day which is uh what's your like
what some issues apprehending your
social media app is something like that
go back on the video if you don't the
map back but yeah we'll see you tomorrow
guys it was already asleep she's been
asleep I'm going to sleep right now I
was literally almost asleep about it so
bye
always remember to celebrate life ah
baked potato baked
thanks for watching
Vitaliy
