how you have to use your own legs like a
sucker yeah but I'm going out trust me
you'd much rather the one broken down
the top it's easy to go down but gravity
helps on the way down
that's moving in this visit
like Malibu
okay so staying on the bottle stop you
gonna go in here dude are you ready
gonna do some shopping
Oh
all right so we're on I got my glasses
okay so now we're on to an e shopping
time so she found a skirt she likes she
got to get a shirt with it white shirt
to match to pull the white out in it
there's some white shirts over here no
no no we're what about something like
this to wear with it do you want to go
somewhere else and if we find a shirt to
go with that then come back for it I'll
do that
okay Andy found some makeup stuff I
don't know if we're going to get it but
it's like a separator for makeup that
chair too in that desk - we might need a
smaller desk for your room be a bigger
desk room
I'm thinking about telling you now
that's what I'm thinking about saving
that for later or something hi Elia so
when you're looking for more makeup
stuff nope we do not do unicorns around
here oh it's a colorful zebra peak
zebras are pretty important I think team
zebras and unicorns are at the same
level hi we did this with Haley went
down let's see if hey and he's too tall
to play in here
hey oh oh you're good you just say you
have to you have to play like that the
whole time
no standing up the whole Coetzee can't
do that do you want to sign up for this
model I don't know you want to sign up
for this model search you want to be a
model they're casting to cast in the
mall yeah sure to get you a lot of
people signing up this
what's wrong the hunt for a shirt and
still top of the overalls my god okay
you'll go in this shirt skirt Jess is
never gonna get okay as long as it's
because they just pointed you upstairs
so it has to be kid appropriate though
because this is the kids section so
we'll have to look okay cuz that's not
the kid section up there I don't think
she said baby doll
all right as long as it's an appropriate
sure you guys are adorable what's your
name I'm very sure you guys want to be
on the video okay you guys are adorable
you can get a picture of you on yeah now
you can get the picture I met some
friends and the mall you guys on our
shopping spree that not really is free
but you know we bought like two things
nice to meet you girls group hug family
hug yeah bye oh my gosh they're my
favorite they win instead of filming she
said um I want to be our biggest fan
they might have been there right there I
said Danny your biggest fan probably has
their room decorated that Buzard Park
episode you guys I don't think I got the
camera on fast enough but it was really
cute because usually Gigi chases the big
dogs well just now Gigi was running and
they were both chasing her
there goes gate and Gigi get him it's a
relaxing evening there's some well I
don't know how relaxed those three
hooligans are but you're you look pretty
relaxed over here yeah we got dinner a
cookin I don't know what Annie's doing
up there but it's something hey how you
doing twenty making stuff she's doing
crafts or something with it what is that
stuff secret stuff usually it's you up
there doing secret stuff she stole your
secrets why did you steal my biggest
uh-oh wait Winnie when she just wants to
lay next to you para bye Oh on you not
next to you necessarily oh how about a
kiss winning her face
I want you to chase her Piper as a war
whinny are you gonna take that Oh
take this whinny seriously when he get
off of our Oh
oh my goodness I haven't posted on the
puppies
instagrams today oh don't you get sassy
I haven't posted come on we've all been
taking turns posting we haven't missed a
day yet if you want to see the puppies
instagrams its bratayley just regular
bratayley don't buy her oh you got
enjoyable you've got in trouble oh gosh
I'm scared to look
is it bad Winnie they've been up here
doing crafts
is it bad Winnie are you trying to block
me from singing by being cute huh the
upstairs is bad what oh yeah we were
leaders boxes one box of all your metals
that still haven't been unpacked stuff I
don't know what we're gonna do it oh
it's not bad up here oh really
is this thing right here and I made
little slots for this stuff cool and I
made a little jewelry thing oh thank you
I was very crafty and then I made it if
you can see in there little slots for
lipstick Wow and this is just kind of
like you've been busy Russians are still
in my room so instead of buying
something because she was online
shopping earlier to try to find a
container to organize this
instead of ordering something and
spending some money it looks like she is
just taken what she had at home and made
it that's pretty amazing
I just don't want to put my brushes hmm
I bet you'll think of something
can't they go in here yeah oh all right
well that was a fun craft now what what
do we do with the rest of our day the
sun's gone down on another day see the
circus there's a circus listen to my
room without damaging anything oh that
would be horrible probably open my door
I would be delighted what are you doing
are you chewing on cardboard yes you are
yes you are chewing on cardboard that's
nice okay MA
did I let them in there all right
this leads me to a great question of the
day no has nothing to do with your room
and your rooms not that bad yes look
over here oh yeah what is all this
Stefan look amazing and all right so the
question of the day is what's the
coolest thing you've ever made yeah is
it gonna fit in there are you gonna
close it looks good just so I like first
night like it I like it a lot I'm in my
bed he is very missing here so right now
the question today is what is the
coolest thing you've made now I'm going
to show the coolest thing you made I
made up okay so I have to
I got a okay I'm gonna show you one okay
line it over here okay so I made this
sink and I think I got it was from
someone who was I was just round up when
I looking at and it's like shuttle so
has a seat goes to see some toothbrush I
don't know it's right on the floor and
this is my second favorite it's an iPad
right back so yeah so yeah don't forget
to come down below this we wanna know
the vitamin D is what is the cool thing
you have made it made made it
bye see you tomorrow hey guys well on
the stairs we're just relaxing and a
nice posting a picture and we're tired
we're in missing pajama say look at that
mm-hmm and we're really tired so mm-hmm
house between exists
when you accidentally explain with your
sister I know but I'm thinking it's
funny I haven't gotten to enjoy it
thoroughly
come on my favorite pajamas you're
wearing right now nineties hey what's
your day just wearing my flip-flops they
don't show muscles you are 19 - 19 oh hi
hey Aries miss out on August that's not
a Christmas present you're wearing
Christmas pajamas
wha those are mutts my reason memories
memories of what yeah I'm ready
Christmas Christmas if you guys didn't
know Andy's doing the Instagram
challenge on Instagram with you post aw
I did post up the doggies okay um so the
Instagram challenge is what no sumo ho
okay wait Han island is when you post
every day for a year
well some days some people do like 30
days yeah she's doing the year or the
365 and how's it going she gets behind
you do this yes no she gets a dollar a
day oh if she completes it but just put
half in her savings all right what was
it no soda challenge so we got I paid
myself a hundred bucks yeah so let's go
over some social media accounts we'd
like to have these updates every once in
a while our official ones so if you're
following a fake one you know what's all
your stuff okay so what is your
Instagram it's good - super Haley yes
what's your musically - you're a seven
yep and yeah what's our snapchat
oh yeah this Brazilian sent wow you're
good
what's Annie's Instagram pretensions yep
he's played four scenes in seven yep
what's the official Instagram the one
that I'd well I run them all I monitor
them live a day a fish-like the Paley is
the main one
guys there's a cute little story behind
me they just saw them
you got two of them I think it was a fan
when we were in California last time
right yeah um they gave us one of these
with a 7 on it it's a ornament where's
the 7 well hold on there's a story
there's their baseball Mickey's and they
had drawn a 7 on there but while we were
walking which one have you dropped a
girl I thought it was you
Haley drop one of you one of them drama
not so sad it broke so we were gonna
glue it and put it back together humans
the nose was missing so we just daddy
ordered some new ones vacation we need
to write a 7 on it
we need a shrink alright guys so we came
back for a little while after the
question of the day cuz the pajamas was
funny but we're gonna say we were
signing out that's right bye guys see
you tomorrow
always remember to celebrate life
my baked potato baby thanks for watching
Vitaliy
