time for me okay guys it's like 12:30 in
the morning and all I want to do is go
to bed Danielle is not found baggage
claim yet we know she's landed we know
she's off the piano she's off the plane
and we know she's supposed to be coming
out straight in front of us hope you
don't see and like the passengers the
flow of passengers have slowed down so
that was either oper plane or she got
lost right we're not sure which one yet
stay tuned there she is
a whole week without her mother actually
the mother's been without her whole week
I think that hi Danielle did you have
fun okay let's get me home money a
little spending money and $24 oh yeah
you totally get to keep that toe what's
going on today why is today such a
special day Haley we're having played a
who's your play date Alexa hi Alexa can
you be a good child as well in buckle up
all right what are we doing what's the
plan what do you guys want to do today
well I want to eat cuz I'm all about
food we're probably definitely gonna you
guys want to go play at chick-fil-a yeah
and then go home and play American girls
yeah your honeymoon and your times are
gonna be a good day with my that was my
list
oh good well you've already done it look
only lunchtime so well Annie is at gym
these two are gonna play all day good
yeah until finding
oh are you guys gonna have a dramatic
goodbye like Annie hey don't leave me
I'll see you tomorrow but he's such a
long time this thing I've been doing I'm
not having you guys I got a solid five
hours of fun a good smell oh I mean I
just did say didn't get he just say he
made them scrap from scratch they just
came out of the frying pan frying pan
thank you
all right name your chick-fil-a sauce
Haley's a ranch girl Alexa does honey
mustard and barbecue
honey girl she's a honey girl and I'm a
ranch person hey Lila I mean Andy likes
chick-fil-a sauce
do you like chick-fil-a sauce I could
have just ended that what do you like
chick-fil-a period because I love Jack
below somebody's waving at us
you know them know do they know you
Oh works like a charm
that's you tight Elissa yeah it needs to
be tight
yeah so you don't die you don't drown
Alexa have you ever been on a jet ski
before do you want to go on it I can get
it down yeah we can get it down let me
go look at it it is he jumping in are
you walking in good you gonna go down
there and kind of hop in or you want to
or you want to go down a ladder or what
alright well jumping into the water you
jumping onto the raft I'm jumping into
the water water go go jump in ready 1 2
3 now you want to get in probably nice
and warm
let's hit YouTube lots of blood huh so
what you do and what you kick something
you could have been a barnacle to hurt
or is it just bleeding he'll jump back
in ok good job by again I'm gonna have
to get you a band-aid but go ahead and
swim I'm gonna go get the jetski ready
you jump in this time alright good we go
one like 70 80 miles an hour
disgust
was in the
Oh
good
I know trial awesome hey
yeah just a dogs barking yeah got it
nicely done noise did you guys have fun
yeah did you go fast yeah oh and you
know it as tradition Piper's got to go
too
oh she's serpent oh geez got it you guys
it's stuck right here all right okay you
guys are free you want to go back over
here there's a ladder or I can pull you
back in if you like yes boys when you
get out and see the guys now you're
gonna be disappointed miss Kim making
you fancy for dinner we're going to
dinner
do something a Veracruz is Taylor and
this Jill because she is and Katie Krug
we're all going to dinner no an ice
cream most importantly yes if you're
good I love us after eating it is you
didn't jump into dessert after I was
kidding I mean with you is I can't you
like I can't
no it's pretty good it Becky
please what's your cut you know guys I
do conversation hey what's your penance
for saying okay
the girls you're riding miss Kim
you want your water bottle this place
okay guys are gonna have so much fun
I'll see you tomorrow I'm just kidding I
was like putting going the other side
Hayley all right we'll be there
chocolate chip cookie dough any kind of
 is on I saw it I saw her getting a
little ice cream you're gonna break the
storm are you gonna get hit what are you
gonna get Taylor I woke up today
oh go for it
Danny Bailey did you order all right go
for Adam what do you want no I'm not
partying shy what would you what kind
chokolate okay I'm one scoop we get a
scoop of chocolate
Lana coma I take on a cake got a thing
yeah it is a thing turn it coffee bath
bar and I have like like Salvage is
something you're gonna ask him or bite
into the thing something I those are you
have cheese now yeah our adventure we
what did we do um first it will wait to
measure barbecue wait didn't we do that
yes we did
where'd you go oh I got the turkey
slider thingies and maca cheese turkey
slider mega juice what you get I got the
regular turkey sandwich it was big here
i'm mac and cheese french fry hey I'm
Matt thank you
miss Kenny oh I had pork and pulled pork
and green beans which I don't know that
they were from can I'm in furniture they
were from again but maybe they weren't I
don't know she said they were fresh and
when I was mac and cheese as per your
recommendations and it was Iook mac and
cheese is really good there was okay and
then we went to what was that please
cool quick Quinlan's kittens one of the
cake kill me no we're goin for ice cream
and I got two scoops of chocolate chip
cookie dough and a waffle cone
oh whoa I like probably about a scoop of
it and this ready dripping everywhere so
I dumped it into the trash ate my color
okay go ahead Katie I had two scoops of
cappuccino chip old lady flavor I like
coffee where I don't like coffee or
coffee ice cream or coffee flavoring um
uh double scoop on waffle cone and then
I fed the walk bone to the Ducks I got
um one scoop of
chocolate-chip cookie dough in a
Kate come okay
I'm Haley
go ahead miss Kimmy um Oh what did I am
I had a cup love the toasted coconut
cone on top I said I can't eat the cup
the ice cream and I want to even go buy
ice cream Cup and then take the cone and
break it and then I can skip it in hey
that's why I'm gonna get that messenger
follow me
yeah hey guys time for question day we
probably already did this one but we
probably have some new subscribers so
mmm what's your favorite ice cream
flavor because we were eating ice cream
today
mine would be chocolate chip cookie
dough or meant for the chip go ahead
Haley
mine would be type C oh yeah
chocolate with okay cone of course okay
so we're gonna get up in bed after we
watch one show um and yeah so don't
forget to come down below because we
want to know the curtain days what's
your favorite ice cream flavor bye we
will see you guys tomorrow
I always remember to celebrate life ah
baked potato baked
thanks for watching
Vitaliy
