hey bratayley fans i guess you've heard
we're making history and we're starting
at the very beginning of our nation that
is we're off on a trip back in time to
the American Revolution in costume and
undercover we're in hot pursuit of
characters like General George
Washington lady spies soldiers
presidents pirates horses and some
pretty sweet dance moves will travel the
original 13 colonies to see what we can
find and recreate some of history's most
famous moment so saddle up on the second
day of our road trip to Massachusetts we
went to see what it was like to actually
fight in the Revolutionary Army Old
Sturbridge Village an hour from Boston
is home to the largest Revolutionary War
reenactment in New England how we doing
guys
I'd like to introduce the Bartoli's take
a look through the event today these
guys and sir birds were literally like
trying to act like they were actually
living in a revolution at the time was
back then all the women wore long
dresses and long sleeve shirts no shorts
and they didn't just dress differently
they ate differently Gerry's company
fallen
I think they're hungry purple got Lee
Benjamin there were these frontline
soldiers that we had and they were just
showing us how they had to eat raw
sometimes raw meat looked really
disgusting the equipment were issuing
out right now would be for each men
having his back
that's specified by General Washington
hey Robert do you want it do you want
eat some of that meat you hungry
private lush David and then call him up
my name's and you'd be like this is your
Brad here is your meat for the week and
stuff like that but you know was kind of
insane that they would just do all this
just for a reenactment and then they
were actually like sleeping and like
there was like this blanket lay down on
the grass and there's like this tent
over them they were like literally
sleeping no Mike I wish I could do that
all day just lay there and show people
how they slept they must have been
really tired right next to where they
were sleeping there was a colonial band
playing military music very loudly this
was how the soldiers sent messages over
long distances wake up time
they're all these reenactors like and
they never playing an instrument going
with the drumsticks go boom boom boom
they're playing with the the Fife - the
flue and stuff like that and we were
like good dancer all around and then
dude
Yankee Doodle was America's first pop
song
the British first played this tune to
make fun of the colonists calling them
doodles
which meant fools back then it was
linking not like standing on air here no
wow they're all like bum bum I
definitely do like the modern music
today but I mean you know they still
they sold some good jams back then you
know you could get into those boys too
young to fight learn to play the drums
they signal to the troops how fast to
Mart and even when to fire their weapons
you can have these okay so the first
thing I start with is how you hold the
sticks
Selenia right and then Caleb actually
played the wolf he got taught the drums
and he like held it really weirdly from
left
yeah like a fist bump Caleb and then
after that we went to we went to this
cannon firing we learned that the cannon
was the most powerful weapon anyone had
during the Revolutionary War and they
had this one guy who was like telling
them all when to fire it just boom like
it was loud here to cover your ears
ready he's not ready
the can I use his skin every time I did
I like screams my dad's all mic I close
my ears one with my dad's arm and ones
with my other as I squeezed my dads are
like this every time I went because it
was really loud scares me every time now
Haley
the guy who was like manning a telling
when to shoot I think he came over
everything we do is totally authentic
including a uniform that's pretty cool
no it's pretty warm ha ha ha I'm sorry
nice yeah I'll try jumping on this is a
little coat oh my gosh kind of heavy
going look like I can march end about
Avocet that's for your lunch for the
next three days three days get three
days worth of rations usually boiled
meat piece of cheese canteen you always
have to have case I'm thirsty and then
whatever position you have you have a
gun is have a sack they should be
carrying the powder like I did from the
back of the gun for the front and you
need to have then you could use this
blue stuff all right which fires the gun
alright guys so I'm ready to go fire my
cannon now before the next battle what I
need you to do is run up to the top of
it like literally run just run so I get
warmed up what you see I would do it
she's like the hassle like 30 pounds
when this is a coat and a bunch of water
on you and then Hayley tries in is this
way oh you got to turn around and model
that what-the-shit eats hell yeah all
day hold the spear no they couldn't no
change
it's so heavy ball down this is bad this
is the only coat that you would have
okay have a sec have a sack Pass box and
your hat companies and they aim cool
good turn around let me see your whole
thing chef
like something you want to take it off
now everyone was given George Washington
some very nasty books because they're
all like so serious about their costumes
and they're like really expensive and
they like probably did them themselves
and then he's just walking around in
this polyester George Washington outfit
like George Washington does no pictures
please
the only thing worse than a cheap
uniform is a dirty uniform so the next
stop on our tour the wash bucket so who
would like to try it a little bit of our
laundry here come on come watch the
laundry this is you have to you're gonna
have to wash my laundry like this later
soldiers had to wash their clothing by
hand which often went days without a
good scrubbing sometimes women would set
up laundry services near military camps
to help the cleaning cause so we why
should we wash it be washing some
clothes which one do you want to do any
the scrubbing all right how we doing
with the walk and it was like really
cool there's like the soap that we had
like um
scrub on the same okay so now you want
to get down there and start scooping
pull it up put it back in again rinse
around some more swish and then after
there's like this really cold it but
like first there's hot water you scoop
it up and they put in the cold water and
we kind of like put some soap on the
like bumpy it's like tight say
swish it around to sit with it
squeeze it and then they would like
squeeze all those things out and then
they would go like this first you put in
the washer then set the dryer now some
ladies wanted to do more for the cause
than just swing laundry and mend
uniforms but they were not allowed to
actually fight in the army so a few
determined women snuck in very well
thank you and your lady very well thank
you my name is Deborah Sampson and one
suggested by the man and she went to war
it's a pleasure to meet you as I said my
name is Deborah but you might hear some
folks refer to me as a corporal shirt
lip or Robert so don't be a don't be
confused Deborah Sampson cut her hair
posed as a 20 year old man and actually
fought in the Revolutionary Army you see
I am a corporal in the Continental Army
and you might be confused as to how that
could be women generally were not
allowed to fight in the military women
generally wouldn't weren't allowed to do
a much back in the colonial era do you
think you were allowed to go to school
milady
now back in the colonial era my lady no
no schooling field Deborah was working
sewing buttons back onto soldiers
uniforms when she got an idea and I
would listen to the stories that they
told while I was mending their clothing
their adventures were incredible what
was i doing sitting in a tavern mending
a pair of trousers
these men were fighting a war in our
backyard so I found an old soldiers
uniform and I mended it when I put it on
I looked in the looking-glass and I knew
there was no way I could ever portray a
boy do you know why I never cut my hair
my hair I was 20 years old my hair was
all the way down to my my legs so I took
a pair of shears and I chopped my hair
off and this is all I have left
yeah this is how you wore your hair
during the colonial era you grew it out
gentleman tied it in a braid like this
or a ponytail I don't know why your hair
is so shorts it must be some new
Maryland fashion trend yeah
suits you with my new haircut I put my
uniform on and then I signed my name is
Robert Shurtliff and I went off to fight
in upstate New York she got like shot in
her legs or something and she like
pulled it out herself it's disgusting I
washed off the blood don't worry
she showed it and they like the daily
heavy and it's like just like this tiny
little ball shape the nose black we just
held it in your hand was kind of heavy
feel that how would you like to have one
of those in your leg next we were off to
watch a real battle in Deborah's day
soldiers had to walk for days only
officers had horses because it was very
expensive to feed them do you want to be
the horse yeah Annie got oh my dad's
back and then after that we went to go
watch the battle we're gonna go stop
this war gonna stop that war you ready
for the battle
you need like a mustard or something gun
no how are you gonna shoot people
- gonna call a chopper battle you dodge
well they're not very accurate they so
it's uh you can just jump out of the way
up general what's the plan not you I
thought you had the plan can that be IP
battle access the British soldiers wore
red coats they were called red coats and
again we're gonna shoot in here and over
there
here we go but the guys wearing blue we
call them Patriots lots of guys fighting
in with the Patriots came down with
horses and then the British start
started coming out from down a little
horses came up and people were riding
them to go into the war however really
they were called Calvary Calvary you
know they kind of like went at it for
like five minutes and then tell really
Calvary
Alvar Calvary
people that are um like in the front
lines with just walking or court
infantry stop oh so yeah that's really
cool that means you just don't call them
the horse guys you know people that walk
together actually both know how you have
to get shotgun mm-hmm
it's kind of just they're just acting
and then Calver Lee moved back then just
out of nowhere like a whole bunch of
Patriot units just emerged from the
woods like because the Patriots
definitely do like they hide a lot they
are in the bushes or behind trees and
all that but the British troops are
definitely marching together and
everything and then they would like
shoot blah blah blah
and it was like conduct like go into the
thing and come back and then go that
back way
like reload and come back in the room
and we eat can I like forceful
and then I feel really bad too because
then they're in like the hot Sun they
just have to lay there for the rest of
the time at the end of the battle people
were definitely falling down a bunch and
it was it was it was definitely hectic
at the Colorado sadly though the British
won and they've won pretty badly too
a buddy
