your mom need you to stay here my dance
has been canceled all your fun - yeah
mom because not everybody could go so
your mom's coming to get you so she said
hold tight wait not everyone could go to
the practice in the hole in terry pants
I'm not canceled like just today just
practice hard you gave me a heart attack
Oh No
just today Sarah meets me but your mom's
coming to get here okay okay
inhaling almost at her Ariel yeah
you
I've heard anybody are filming it I will
try to film it women here I didn't know
you're in there filming it like where's
Annie
I did shoot you didn't do it I couldn't
see you and your sister are like no and
he's not sharing your sister oh hey so
um dance got canceled sadly yeah I'm
hungry
oh yeah yeah okay it's gonna turn this
around before we go to office supply
store okay how do we go to Safeway do
you want to Safeway or Wendy's Grande's
because you do need lunch whoever
thought they have to feed your children
three times a day I mean seriously who
makes these rules I'm not gonna make
that you guys okay I'm not gonna make
that
oh my god here drive a tank who bought
this tank
ow I'm so sore mrs. Kim says that it's a
pulled muscle
oh it could be a pulled muscle cuz I'm
only all right here and when I did have
Flag left today I didn't hurt my stomach
it hurt right here it hurts
glad you reminded me that you needed to
eat not the J no I didn't say there was
no drink in the deal food and food only
okay thank you
hey let's play a little game of what's
on your burger very simple okay Fred yes
patty yes
mustard yes she's mine is I'm not eating
right now but it would be bread patty
very important part yes cheese for sure
mustard onions and pickles just gonna
leave it there no one cares what mine
would be that's fine well she spilled
mustard on herself which is very
entertaining what would yours be mine
would be the bread yes the patty yes
mustard onions well no I need a cheese
no I can't do it without cheese cheese
oh yeah we are at the office supply so
it's the office superstore but what's
going on why you don't have a napkin
no sorry I probably do mm um to buy some
school supplies
I'm not school supplies office supplies
no boy school supply we need a calendar
and office supply stores okay they're
very similar to Best Buy to me they're
amazing
like I get like you know that feeling
you get when you go into like your
favorite place and then you buy
something and like I can't wait to do
this
yes oh I want to buy everything in there
I feel many area to buy so exciting in
here
Oh No oh my gosh that's cool I need one
of everything we don't have a need a
stiletto I'm sorry
cuz it's gonna be light it is
you picked your colors for your filming
area flowers oh you've got a good plan
huh I'm in heaven in here oh look at the
butterfly notebook this one's pretty too
it's also pretty I will take one of each
please sir thank you thank you a
notebook system
what's a notebook
we could press the easy
I like this notebook this is what you
need me no miss aha organized I see it
actually this is nice
this is like an ease but that's what you
need my friend okay are just not high is
there something important to you need to
tell me nope I just wanted to see your
pretty face on this camera or is it that
I'm going to the dome
hmmm okay
just cuz we had a conversation about
that doesn't mean it's happening Haley
want you to cut her hair - my shoulders
and I don't know about it and I said
maybe cuz Paige is coming to playlist
with the surprise and maybe she can do
your hair cut it but I don't know I
haven't decided
you have to I will decide but I don't
know if it's gonna be what you want I do
want it I know you do
I don't know if I'm ready Lumi how was
gymnastics let's change the subject
good we are at Aunt Melissa to let gran
be outside cuz we're gonna watch the
Olympics no we're gonna watch the
Olympics tonight another little party
party but I needed to come and let
Granby out so here we go mmm
yes sassy pants yes sassy pants okay
okay
this is gonna be question what oh hey
Granby hey honey
Oh Granby Wow
I don't know what you wanna hear talk
yeah he'll talk okay gravity sick what
do you want I don't know what you want
Grammy would tell me yeah that's it I
saw you you are so smart you can say it
dawg
okay back to this one important question
why
does the chicken cross the road to get
to the other side no to get away from
the Daniel why didn't why didn't he
mmm-hmm because his life was so good on
the other side the side he was on no cuz
he's a big chicken to do it Hey
what that's funny
- chicken and it is a big chicken did
you make that up yeah okay
why did the elephant wear a diaper to
the birthday party you can't see this
stinky baby I made this up when I was
little that's not the one you made up
yeah I didn't know you didn't make up
the party pooper yes I did yes that was
my joke but she made up was why did the
elephant swim across the ocean so I made
up the party pooper one why did the
Alaia the elephant swim across the ocean
I have no idea cuz he couldn't fly
across you don't know Dumbo Dumbo could
fly oh I really want to be a party
pooper did not make that I feel like I
did
you're gonna break something some things
going to get broken she's having so much
fun hanji jg come on now
jeez I would laughs have you got one
don't hurt my dogs don't strangle them
oh you almost got two jg are you are you
kidding me GG I know
oh shoot spell hybrid be nice there's
the monkey and the coach of the monkey
thought her real coach her aunt coach
but we kind of know how to coach a front
hip circle show him show him a spotted
front hip circle hey Lee
we're trying to get the front hip circle
she's done them a few times but she has
to muscle them up so we're trying to
teach them nice told you I'll bring it
over oh no we don't want the other mat
but anyway she can do a muscled up front
hip circles sometimes so we're trying to
work on
that one was a really good one how much
of a spot was it yeah okay I'm fine
right that was a really good one no you
need that much of a cast because the
next you do a cast and then you do a
cast shoot through and you need that
momentum so that was actually really
good
yes you got any threes no oh yeah yeah
she is hardcore come on
she used to spank Andy's baby dolls for
bent legs and a handstand good don't
tell her where your baby dolls are oh I
know
oh all right let's see a good one and
then you can rest those wrists front
support starts to hurt your wrist after
a while you're a rag doll you won't
really want to put this in with it
Melissa what are you saying you didn't
want to be in the video that's true
she's good yeah okay
yeah it's hard to be on a show with four
million subscribers almost four million
that was a good one there that one would
have been it yeah just like that you
coming to watch this number when Annie
got hers I know it was adorable
the first one I did there really faded
don't heal oh oh she's all right hey
this is it I can feel it if you keep
those hips there and they don't drop the
strong as you are you're gonna pop right
up
that's what you're thinking about keep
those hips up right that was pretty good
though
hey guys so it's time solution day we're
all ready for bed and Haley made up so
what is really is what so my favorite
stuffed animal is this wine okay moving
on my room say what my favorite section
let's go
but hey t-shirt my liver is very messy
very messy I was up up I was cleaning my
room whole day still kind of messy
though like that stage where you like
start cleaning walnut' even messier than
you started with okay I have to but yeah
pick one don't know you got thickest
okay which ones are they it is between
this one between this one and the bunny
that you gave me I don't know
so give me the good news Oh getting oh
no no someone gave me I gave you this
one for Christmas and mommy gave you
this one so probably I'm like a they go
together so I don't know I don't forget
to calm down below just view another
part of the day is what's your favorite
stuffed animal by will see you tomorrow
bye
always remember to celebrate life ah
babe thanks for watching Vitaliy
