no better way to start the morning than
to jump on some bubble wrap
I didn't I woke up at 8:00 and then went
back to bed till 9:00 I thought about
getting up well I do any shoes would
work better
maybe we can I try your shoes why mine
cuz it has what right now with Haley
comes down the waiting I'll forget no
waiting credit Freddie
oh she already brushed her teeth I don't
know what she's doing
I don't know if Phoebe you guys have
been watching the last few days but it's
been a trend that we get in the car and
Haley's still doing something Annie and
Haley Haley just came first so so now
we're just not gonna get in the car
right we've learned all awesome air
conditioned house tomorrow me tell you
here we're going to get know yeah we're
picking it up
Oh Annie our Dino is sick today
yeah but guess who's home
so she'll be there yeah so she'll be
there today yeah I know I haven't heard
that she isn't gonna be here Oh gonna be
a good day we gonna see player Hey are
we calling this player are we calling
this flare 2.0 I mean still fire to
point out because it's our second we
better
I don't know what we're going to top the
first dance because it's been hard to
get everybody together for practice this
time around yeah you've got a pair of
flip-flops down here if you don't have a
uh-huh well they're down here it takes a
long time to find shoes when you're
playing on your phone and when they're
down here you're upstairs right all
right what you doing up there mommy
there's a dragon look you can see me in
the background where'd you get that
Oh rubber ducky okay now um we're
heading to dance in about a fandom on
yeah be quiet
bakelite thank God not really happen
norm yeah okay so um we're heading to
dance and we toured ahead where it is
and and and um it's like really long but
we're gonna we're gonna um finish the
Corey action right now kilter makes my
teeth look really white I really like it
okay I'm here he was cool but you might
have dropped one cuz I thought I gave
you five can't be my mistake it has to
be yours right right guess only you
we just went to the pet store I got a
lot of donkey stuff about um say you got
a dog and I'm like where is it bring it
in here could be like bullying and this
Peter took you and I got some news
waters and then we got snoop to fish Oh
toothpaste
that's cute we forgot to eat lunch we
just realized that we ate breakfasts
kind of late breakfast where were you
now you know one o'clock and now they're
hungry so this is where we're eating
it's a dance store snack machine the
damn store the dance studio snack
machine me and video thank you thank you
what do I want I'm always good to do
this you can do it what makes you
nervous to put money in a sack machine
no to person numbers game like this ever
down the guidewire it's like a little
like to bid enough you know you shoot
that goes over it's like oh yeah mine
got stuck down there one time and so it
was when we were at Niagara Falls and so
Billy would like shaking the machine and
I was like the lookout because we didn't
want to get a rest of them Canada Thank
You girls miss Carey's here she's been
hiding there's miss Carrie hey friends
how are you
oh they were getting a little snica t
snack everyone's here
this is Sarah this is everybody come on
I got a couple people you might know
they're really surprised friends oh I
like surprises
come on okay let's go oh she is her even
though she snuck in here hi anybody
oh my gosh everybody's here everybody's
here he was one week together again in a
bun good I'm feeling myself oh sorry hi
did you see it'll see you guys have fun
anytime have fun yay much work did you
get tall again Katie
it's the shoes it's the shoes oh my gosh
Katie Mert art and art is sick she's not
feeling well
I know let's start it with you sista
actually technically start with Mia Mia
got us all sick Oh pyramid like lady how
can you ap that's okay can I just go
home
yeah oh we can make that get the dads to
go over here but yeah come on Haley you
got it alright daily hold for a picture
one two three Oh Haley and Arden ball I
think like oh no that you really they
dab they don't feel anymore
can you breathe oh okay that's what she
decided okay it's like one two three
oh it's not really on that time and I'm
sorry don't worry what aren't you hey
folks
just let me get back there like nice
buddy cool oh well they can all do their
own thing so that's what me and decided
you to go on a nice routine you guys
make that I'll get a little bit more for
them
yes Tatum like Beauty dan hey
I never happy for you do want to you the
famous now that's to ran or you can yeah
where you put your like if one to Hawaii
I don't mean what is what's your dream
oh I've been it one two three up here
this is really complicated
oh okay great now I may leave it come on
come on you got it
not smart you doesn't embarrass you and
Tucker had John my friends so be
thinking about what you wanted in your
individual parts because that's gonna be
coming up waterfall my Leap is finally
gonna get it anymore you know what guys
everybody react every time missed it you
gotta do it again I might have got it I
said no what you were doing back there
fill that one
bye guys bye guys we'll see you Tuesday
well we'll see Monday at practice but
I'm not just a four-player ah guess
we'll see you guys tomorrow probably
make it work really hey there ty my god
they're flipping this bottle on there
I'm Katie made it amazing oh yeah she's
like still you gather like how do you
what are they saying
if it's a nice fancy hater say it's fake
hey idiot what are you getting
a Big Mac Ongina beside a magazine the
grown-up
laughter you ain't you shocked if you
eat lots of mac and cheese and more mac
and cheese and more I can choose your
smoke no I hate to see you looking I'm
gonna do it I would back that's all good
I like this one so these are beans I
think they're better for heylia to have
in her room
so she's not playing a fire fire bad
fire smell good smells good Wow oh
that's good actually yeah then I'll
smell that one ooh that does smell good
it's strong smell look this is what
enemies get me cuz she's lit isn't too
scared of thunder you know he's paying
right now we wouldn't have to pay
separately let's read it I can't
thunder the first word sound and a front
fender is wrong but I just look these
injuries so hungry it's such a matter
that it's horses running in heaven fire
yeah are you ready we're having a watch
party
we've got chips we've got dipped I
didn't know about this year's Olympics
well I don't who's gonna take home the
gold you hey Matt hey Simone probably
are you ready yeah hey who invited you
oh wait we want him he's got something
connected to his phone so so something
if you're added yet the information off
the internet on to the TV I thought I
was on the TV
what diamond what they told me that the
gymnastics came on turn it on they're
gonna go back and forth she knows you're
all under control we got cookies we got
chips
verge of gymnastic yeah whatever I did
say cookies what kind of party would
this be without cookies Wow where'd you
come from who from God say yo mom here
we go
Olympics now we're watchin Simone
gymnastics is on you guys
Simone is amazing I joke and say she's
not human
she's like amazing she's like my new BFF
you just don't know it yet Simone Simone
I love you look at her I know it's a
little creepy here it come here it come
no shita thought she's gonna mean she's
19 she's 19
yeah so she wasn't old enough blue
cheese night team probably no my best
how old my best friend does Sam
mannequin and a pushing date how long
could you go now watching TV I haven't
watched talk in a while you were
downstairs watching no I have five yeah
okay um top of like too much I'd say a
week okay
I yeah oh my don't forget to come down
below cuz we want to know the question
of the day is how long could you go
without watching TV my ah
bye we will see you tomorrow when he
says that too and Yugi says that too
okay bye two times ooh boom always
remember to celebrate life
potato baked potato baby thanks for
watching Vitaliy
