time for me hey guys good for days
I can't here to pull up dear in the news
club but we're at the gym still it's 739
we went to bed at 2:45 as a warning and
I am so tired I'll take a lap but we're
doing gym cleanup time to rebuild we
built forts to read a clean line up
right now
did you guys have fun
are you tired so I heard you guys saw 3
o'clock in the morning and now it's 9
o'clock in the morning so that means you
didn't even get six hours but time to
wake up
seven six
holy cow how was your first team
sleepover it's sleeping in the gym Rach
I know I'm getting where'd you sleep ask
that and the great floor on the grey
floor
you built a fort would you do it again
tonight you would oh my gosh
and Annie my friend where did you sleep
on the trampolines in the pit that
sounds fun and how are you feeling I
needed update your tummy hurts now are
you hungry
did you eat breakfast oh you need second
rec first did me his parents make that
happen
yeah breakfast yeah I do know that so we
can eat brick second breakfast only at
home I'm glad you guys had fun you guys
need a nap Haley looks like she's still
going pretty strong I'm sorry I was
listening to the radio
Haley looks like she's going pretty
strong I'm happy okay sorry I'm really
really tired what film
like they're explaining Louis all those
people all those people have all those
people um getting the bed into a truck
all those people all those people all
those people people all those people are
getting the bed of the truck there's
people names I don't like your name and
I look so cute sitting here are you guys
tired
you wouldn't be a sweet all this I know
don't be fooled you guys they're not
sweet when the camera goes off they're
like hey aiming it and I'm just kidding
they're not they don't do that they're
actually pretty sweet 24/7 but she just
said you were pretty sweet 25 7 do you
guys want to be a sweetest like this
sweet you want to be a sweet as a sweet
tart hmm maybe wanna eat a few more
sweet tarts you can come in in a second
I'm getting a new bed today and Annie
and I have big plans Haley didn't get to
test the bed out yesterday we have big
plans to sit in the bed all day I could
test it out yesterday yeah we did you
have to sit in bed we get to lay the bed
Annie
basically took a nap in the bed pretty
much oh my god actually bought it
yesterday
you can lay on it I'm so excited
so this bed go in bye-bye it's not here
yet they're delivering it soon because
we went shopping while you were at gym
yesterday there it is guys no bed I hope
it comes that scary I'll be not sleeping
very comfortable if they don't come
through where will I sleep if they don't
deliver the bed last night we had the
mattress down no aunt Melissa's getting
the mattress there's a pack of pillows
of the bag of pillows we're right you oh
wow
that's pillows all work for you ballet
on it that's funny
what's weird gamble is leaving bye it
looks like you're laying on the floor
for bed
seen in your life
worn out stand up until 3:00 in the
morning and getting up in seven you know
kind of takes a lot out of them because
we're going to be doing a lot of this
today just a nap all day long
hey guys I just woke up from like a
five-hour nap and it felt really good
so really today everybody dressed for
the day yeah so really I got 9 hours of
sleep yeah long ago yeah okay so I fell
asleep
at 3 3 to 4 4 to 5 5 to 6 6 to 7 4 hours
plus 5 equal 9 now you got
wholeheartedly I know and you look like
you feel so much better
ok um and Hayley ran outside
what are you planning on doing rest of
the day I'm gonna go practice a film I'm
gonna go practice well after it we have
4 videos to film yeah look I got the big
Kim so after we're done filming those
videos I'm gonna practice makeup oh you
sad to sleep over you can probably kind
of see it like right there my necklace
when you're flipping it kept hitting me
in the face right there and it hurts
right now we are filming some videos
that we have upcoming and Annie's
playing director except you can't carry
your own chair in paper or blankies
there you go so it's Haley's turn you're
gonna repeat her did you kidnap
voiceover so we're busy doing some
voiceovers you guys well I'd like you to
sit up so your voice kind of projects a
little bit it's gonna be exciting videos
coming up so stay tuned ready daddy's
gotta get out of the shot so he doesn't
make noise ready so after I say it you
say it right like okay say exactly how
she says it
exam play exam play yeah okay
Oh Oh
Oh what the heck old what the even heck
zombie don't feel good it's all up there
it's going to lower burner oh yeah I
come down you know did you count harder
so far if it was Audrey yeah she is too
cold that great oh my gosh look at this
thing
look at this day I love when they lay
like that is my favorite
transaction I hit Haley's trying out my
new bed it got delivered and it's a
pretty darn cool lumbar that's for it
massages the your lower back
it's sinking you hear it feel that guys
being massaged you want to raise it huh
recent you can raise it and massage
uh-huh hit up head I should hold it down
which then you get a headboard for it so
it's the walls a little fans here back
there is that cool and your legs we can
lit raise your legs your legs are coming
up now it's gonna be uncomfortable it's
like a hospital bed jeez Haley do you
have that on like ultra massage the pen
did you go had you I am NOT a lady never
a wildin but was my first night to sleep
in it what's wrong Piper is it making
funny noises I don't know I don't know
if I'm gonna like it
it's no for comfort wise but there's a
crack in the middle of the bed because
each bed can lower arrays so how are we
all gonna fit in here there's a crack in
the middle wait so that's gonna be weird
we're gonna test it out two beds on top
and one King base so I don't know how
comfortable it's gonna be for you to
come in bed with us he'll figure it out
we've had such a great lazy day today we
filmed our videos that we needed to do
the girls took a five-hour nap Haley's
been hanging out here this is what we've
been doing it's been a good day
um excuse me this is why Annie shouldn't
be allowed to eat on the couch you're
not supposed to be eating on the couch
be your children Haley's calling hi here
are mm-hmm mommy she says oh did you
just realize that there was food on the
couch mine I better go see what she
wants what those are massage modes you
can try it which ones in idea I don't
know
are you enjoying my bed I'm gonna kick
you out here in a few minutes
yeah I'm gonna clean the kitchen and
this bed is my name written all over it
see it one Ellen Michael nothing mom me
and oh yeah
written right there and oh and that's H
a yle living there hello guys we're
watching old potato videos what are you
doing
I can't I cried you okay it's rigid cuz
we were watching like really old ones
really oh and now to see Haley like with
her long hair right would you do that I
hate you okay question I ate before you
do it pause it
okay um congratulations you've won a
hundred pounds of anything except cash
or jewels what is your choice you get a
hundred pounds of anything it just can't
be cash hi Jules or Jules gotcha
pink Janie's weigh a hundred pounds
Justine she I don't know yeah that's fun
you can get anything a hundred pounds
but it can't be cash or jewels hmm
sounds a hundred pounds of phones I'd be
a lot of fun then you can like going
down to the miniature cash that way
you're going with this yeah trying to be
smart with it get something you can
trade for cash
dogs a hundred pounds of dog dogs
that's one whinny a lot of DG's though
like IPAs
am I supposed to the food oh yeah I
think I'm gonna go with your idea and
get something that I could sell for a
lot of money so I would get a hundred
pounds of gold no I would get a hundred
pounds of really rare sports cards hmm I
would get gold gold there we go yeah how
much is 100 pounds of gold worth oh
that's a one thousand three hundred and
thirty nine dollars but there's a sports
card worth two million one hundred and
eighty three thousand eight hundred
thirty-nine and that's just one sports
card I want a ton of those I want a
hundred pounds of those put they weigh
nothing right he wins wait what is this
go go to that press that press the two
million won okay what it is a 1968 tops
Nolan Ryan rookie card you know the guy
you don't know Nolan Ryan is no they
sign any paper don't forget to comment
down below cuz we talked talked and I'm
gonna do don't forget to comment down
below because we want to know the
question of the day is if you could have
a hundred pounds of anything but it
can't be cash or gold jewels jewels what
would it be I see you tomorrow
to always remember to celebrate life hey
BAE BAE thanks for watching
Vitaly
