time for me
oh hey again we find ourselves in the
car waiting on the girls who do we have
Hayley the winner we are headed to gym
both girls have gym guys annie woke up
feeling so much better you got to get a
get on your side dude um so much better
um they both have practice this morning
we weren't sure if Annie was gonna go to
gymnastics but she wants to go try to go
to gymnastics again but we're waiting on
her gymnastics again but she's not here
I know goodness we're gonna be late
buckle up get all that done so we were
ready to roll when she walks out so um
was I gonna say she feels so much better
but we've been here before earlier in
this week where she felt better oh how
are you feeling my friends good
everybody went to bed super up who do we
have here oh we got everybody get in
okay we can rock and roll how you
feeling oh oh wait a second five minutes
ago I was feeling pretty good now it's
air yeah all right well we got um daddy
and I had the magnificent plan well
daddy did of taking them both because
Annie wants to try to go and if she
can't make it we'll just still be in the
area and we'll come back and get her
so that's the plan and Britt daily makes
history comes out today so you guys if
you're watching this it'll still be up
you guys can go watch it it's up it's
ready we're going live today how do you
feel about that
Oh Andy be nervous of eyelash oh yeah
and team sleepover tonight
yeah oh that's what we get the reactions
out about okay going live can be a
little nerve-wracking but a sleepover is
just pure fun yeah well everyone in the
world can be watching you
well that was a no-go she tried she
couldn't even get through the running so
we're just gonna take it easy today so
that she can try to go to sleep over
we're gonna probably allow her to go to
that sleepover cuz she's not contagious
and she'll have been on me crazy so
she's been on medicine she's um just if
she wants to go are you still thinking
that you want to go if you feel like
this you probably don't want to go you
do want to go you don't right now okay
well you have all day to decide it could
be up and down again but we the best
thing you can do is just take it easy
today and this weekend to that Monday
morning they go you're ready to go
although Monday is gonna be a hard
practice not because it's Monday but
because you've been pretty much sick all
week so if you're feeling better Monday
could be rough even if you're 100%
poor Annie we're gonna get her home to
bed you guys so that we got to go live
and he may be sleeping while we're alive
she's questions because Danny started
feeling better - Dalton's gonna be a PG
medicine not well enough to go to
gymnastics yeah clearly I have to go to
the store no cuz then you would go and
then you would be like yeah you're not
going back to Napa the running and
jumping that's what shame I'll shut made
you feel so but tiny how funny look look
looks like you're walking
let's go bright Coverley get their legs
you can have fun even when I don't feel
well and II can't decide whether she'll
good or bad okay I just heard you gotta
go now we heard sprawled out on the
toilet paper and paper towels and
Kleenex
so I just don't think she knows if she
girls governor she goes up and down and
up and down your fanny
you can tickler now look I find she
looked very relaxed leaving a little
baby all like oh that looks really
comfortable it's mine this is very mommy
and daddy we need a new mattress you all
in your room yeah too bad oh man I'll
get my pillow mattress shopping fun
especially when you're not feeling great
honey
okay did you sleep with sunglasses on I
wear my sunglasses at night Hey and he's
like up and Adam finally we came home
from the mattress store what asked me
when she laid down for a little bio as
we've learned she'll go downhill yup and
now we're all gathered around cuz we're
about to go live on lively and in 46
minutes brute Haley makes his street
premiers yeah you haven't seen it yet
yeah I guess you're gonna watch it three
Annie and I watched it no cuz she fell
asleep when Annie and I watched it a
Melissa's watched it like three or four
times twice okay twice I didn't watch it
I liked it it's so good so if you're
watching right now it's up on our
channel favorite part is the and we're
back so we're kind of excited we're
gonna FaceTime janji a little sneak peek
what was your favorite part
maybe it won't be a spoiler alert um my
favorite part or the spies at the end I
forgot
I've seen the news I gonna tell him oh
yeah but maybe I haven't watched it when
they're watching this Wow
you should have are you ready to host
this thing I'm ready to hear in she
still feel like she's got water in her
ears I think daddy's gonna be our host
he's gonna interview us
it's very excited
you took your microphone high makes
history where we can have a Sharpie
that's the microphone store no we let go
live soon you can't leave okay
nailed it hey-oh your review did why
can't I hear you no thank you just
needed yourself he's trying to figure
this out yeah we could play charades
like this oh you have to speak into the
microphone connecting what happened I
don't know luckily I have like eight
Apple products that have faced high
minutes so I was just moving down the
line that's funny
chance is that what is that a mask
oh that's cool are you excited about
pretending makes history Gabrielle I
literally went to bed at like 6:00 a.m.
last night nice I just gluten
and I kept procrastinating on doing like
the video description I realized because
like I didn't want it to be like over
hey Kay Oh totally that's why we have
John here you guys let's try it from
your party no no okay they're no fun
boring
we're going live guys hope it works
that's not all hey oh yeah yeah oh why
are we on I don't know
eleven people are watching but we're on
yeah we were given people we're giving
people a chance to get on here watch
honors our guest caller is calling and
oh hey we're live rely yeah awesome
buenas tardes just giving everybody a
few minutes to come in what is your name
you just you are not good hmm you guys
tailing no it's me let it go
what are you most excited for for
pretending like history everything
everything oh my goodness you're doing
she's watching right if you guys have
any questions you can ask them I'll try
to keep up okay what is what is your
favorite animal okay we're gonna do that
oh I don't have to be a horse funny
Oh what what are you most excited about
from trailermate Oh somebody comment
what you're most excited about so why
are we here live um because
history its nearing 15 minutes
yeah so excited like it's been so long
coming now you know you doesn't we met
John McCain you know on this journey
answer me universe meetaversary hmm
 can't believe it interview John
okay
how you deal it over there I'm feeling
so good I I wish I was there with you
guys but this is this is so exciting I
can't believe it we've seriously been
working on this and thinking about it
every day
for over a year now and it's just so
cool that it's finally coming out
hopefully John's put in a few hours on
this show just a few minutes so how much
sleep would you say you got last night I
I was so excited like many of you all
and I was just dealing with last-minute
things and I couldn't sleep and I stayed
up till like 5:00 in the morning if I
got like two hours sleep and then I woke
up and it was like checking my phone
okay so I am not seeing the episode all
right watching it right now
it will be funny for both of us yeah for
all of you yeah oh it's live okay guys
later
oh good yeah oh hi guys buy into this
that was cool you guys 165,000 yours oh
really yeah how many in total 165 down
oh okay people were getting on and off
and eleven point four million likes
that's so cool maybe we'll do it next
week Oh 2,000 views John two one oh and
not even a minute but it that's got five
thousand six hundred five thousand use
yes
alright that's maybe have to be a weekly
party live party what are you doing
yesterday was you sleeping with Annie
today its Piper sleeping with Annie
really asleep get off her like that GG
whoa GG GG your mess guys she's really
she's
some sleep before she decides I should
go to the sleepover Oh Piper easy I feel
so bad she wants to do gymnastics and
she wants to go to the sleepover and the
sickness is just not cooperating
seriously how are you how is she not
waking up
hi Annie was your nap
everything you ever dreamed it would
have been hmm
hi so guys if Annie would wake up a
little bit we're about to surprise the
oh I might get oh my gosh crew and maybe
some truth and maybe some triplets
terrors I don't know we don't know
on skype they're calling to talk to talk
to aunt Melissa because surprise aunt
Melissa has been helping us with the
channel she's been doing a fine job but
there that's it well so far her de
cabelo amazing I mean the jury's still
out
anyhoo Z's amazing um they were gonna
have like a little group chat I don't
know how to scroll to see everybody
they're laughing at me oh yeah they did
know this I don't know I can only see
two people oh you get over here soon Hey
what why can't we see me I want to see
me you're wrong there I am Hey hi Annie
where's are you hey
I think you can click on them how do we
quickly yes we can finally icon the
sound risin area you can select them and
you select more than one person wait how
do I don't you do take just your ways
yeah I don't know anything about size
have to scroll through see all of us
three of you you well Billy's gonna try
to figure it out we've never done this
more we can but some of you are
something you can click yeah see anyone
how many are here look at all your game
face there is more fun so wow there's so
many of them okay some of us are using
phones that's why some of us are smaller
what do you want to decide who you are
and what channel you're on okay
hi I'm Katherine and I'm the to saison
oh my gosh TV anything else I lose next
on the list guy drivin Andres
I'm Andre your Monday on oh my gosh TV
hi I'm Natasha your manase on truth
Buster yes we're gonna add like clapping
absolutely I'd I'm Graham and I'm your
thirsty on soup last air hi okay I'm
Saturday and oh my gosh TV hi I'm Eliza
and I'm Wednesday on truth was there I'm
Lee and I'm the Thursday on oh my gosh
TV set everybody everyone yeah and this
is Melissa and she's been helping us
nice to talk to you talking to y'all
guys fine
bye see you next time
that was fun we got to do that more
often y'all so better sit down guys yeah
y'all go yay I'm a Southern drawl guys
we're excited we're getting back in the
organization of oh my gosh it ruthless
dare this is a good time for me to say
go subscribe to those channels right
Annie Annie Annie I know you're zoned
out you don't feel good but you better
tell everybody to subscribe cuz they
listen to you more than they listen to
me ready go
mm-hmm say she agreed with me you guys
she doesn't feel like she choose are you
going to go to sleep over all right so
we're gonna put the links down below be
sure to subscribe because these people
are hilarious and awesome and their
videos are good and the themes are
getting good and we are we are motivated
to make some quality consistent quality
content for you know quality consistent
content for you guys so be sure to check
it out
I got two cute girls who are ready for a
sleepover Annie if you can't make it I'm
a phone call away or daddy's a phone
call away
you ready are you excited
this is Hailey's first team sleepover
and they've got a camera you guys
if they oh yes you need medicine dink
you um if Haley doesn't get footage it's
all go blame Annie okay it's gonna
they're gonna do it guys they're gonna
get us a little sleepover video medicine
and we're out of here
sleepover oh I kissed her a lot have fun
girls oh hey guys so right now you're at
the gym with special guests this is Cana
and
a union and right now we're going into
again what are we doing we're doing
anything wrong cuz we want to do we want
yeah hey guys um right now we are done
with our fort I'll show you the firm a
little bit but not right now
yeah um and so what's just a good minute
I see much of the question of the day
I'm gonna have over for you tea
have you ever had a sleepover with your
team okay yeah this is my second like
with this with my team like I know
just this I got one with you guys but
like thank a whole bunch of other teams
for oh yeah anyways now I can show you
guys for it here's our views this is
where I'm sitting that's where me and
Dino are sleeping that's where GJ
sleeping that's where totally asleep
reading max really had a sleep eight and
that's where I seriously think somewhere
overlay but yeah so don't forget to calm
down relax we will never push the day is
have you ever had a super fortitude bye
see you tomorrow
always remember to celebrate life ah
baked potato baked potato baby thanks
for watching
Britt Ailey
