hi for me
well good morning guys you get to see me
first thing in the morning well it's not
really morning it's 10:45 I'm on my way
to get Annie from gym coach Mary called
and said she wasn't feeling well she
felt better this morning and so I didn't
take her to the doctor we were going to
take her to the doctor but her ear felt
better and now it's not feeling good so
now we have an appointment with her
regular doctor today at 2:40 so I'm
going to get her early she couldn't make
it through all of practice Billy's not
feeling great hailey is still asleep
that I looked okay this morning I was
gonna take them both the doctor but her
eye looked better so you're getting an
update they're all not feeling well in
my house
hailey went back to sleep after I
checked your eye it's a mess this
morning
naturally the update I'm going to take a
knee and hopefully she doesn't have an
ear infection and maybe it really was
strapped even though the rapid strep
didn't that came back negative
I'm gonna jump off of here I just wanted
to update you guys I don't like filming
and driving not safe so I've got another
red light for a second I just wanted to
check in with you guys
and tell you that you know it's me this
morning cuz everybody's sick right now I
got the girl you guys I got her how you
feeling Oh your head hurts head and a
little bit of sore throat or no sore
throat still a little we've kind of gone
up and down since Friday and it's thirst
been almost a week a little bit uh sore
throat a headache now and tell me about
your ear
what's it feel like you can't hear and
it it hurts so maybe an errand it feels
like it goes it unclogs when you go
upside down and you stand up in it hmm
okay made you an appointment gonna go
see you doctor at 2:40 and until then
you can go home and relax and we're
gonna get rid of all the sickness
daddy's not feeling well
Hailey's weird thing with her eye last
night that looked a little better but
I'm curious what's going like when she
wakes up from her nap oh my goodness
she's still sleeping she's asleep right
now but she woke up on my back to sleep
when I checked her eye she kind of woke
up for a little while oh my goodness we
are a mess today you guys a mess
my dogs when are they going
she talked about my favorite boys these
guys are not dogs you know what you guys
are probably gonna do they're gonna like
screenshot I had that mad look on my
face when I said a mess and they're
gonna screenshot it never post I just
did it said that they would have anyway
because they're cute like that oh that
is so sweet
are you keeping her company I'm gonna
have to wake this little precious thing
up cuz it's time to take her to the
doctor I don't like doing that to
sometimes when you're sick sleeping's
the best thing you can do but I want the
doctor no sir I'm sorry Gigi I want the
doctor to look at her ears make sure
none have an objection
and hopefully give her some medicine to
feel better so I'm gonna drag her out
and analyst and I are going to take this
little thing to the doctor and here we
go again doing that's not good for your
shoes we're here at the doctor we're
getting her checked out she's miserable
again guys she gets sick and it lingers
don't get sick very often but when she
does do you want to lay down no do you
want to go home and go down maybe which
he said okay we will soon as the doctor
checked you out
look our eyes are the volume is here
okay here's the update guys one ears
infected point to your infected ear and
one year is on its way to be infected
pointing to your other ear and we are
gonna go fill a prescription she has a
sinus infection again and an ear
infection and she's miserable and but at
least this time we get to leave the
doctor's office and go get medicine so
hopefully by this time tomorrow you
could screw a sore head
oh you want a new head I will order you
one that's how much I love you Annie
yeah okay so you get to leave the doctor
we got a diagnosis instead of oh you
know just a cold just a colds the worst
so at least now she gets some medicine
all right I'm gonna go through the
drive-thru I didn't know you could go
through the drive-thru my lovely sister
informed me that there goes a
drive-through they like I said I don't
feel prescriptions that up and I always
just go in talking to me can't reach it
I'm gonna readjust excuse me real quick
oh sorry I was gonna get closer but did
you see that the guy came as I was
moving the car I thought the little
train was gonna come out I'm like I'm
not gonna be able to reach that but then
he can't even help me it's gonna take a
few minutes to process so we're gonna go
park for five minutes and he said come
back around I don't really think it
takes five minutes to process the
insurance understand is something wrong
I don't okay but why why could we just
sit there until someone came I don't I
don't know all right we're gonna stay
here hope they know they have a sick kid
in the back who doesn't want to sit here
for five minutes
hurry Nana - hungry back there we're
waiting for five minutes while they
process the insurance I was just
wondering why we couldn't just park
ourselves over there in the
drive-through no one was behind us I
could have just had there
what you dealing what do you want to eat
PETA PETA we can probably make that
happen
yeah Melissa and cannoli Oh in a cannoli
okay spinach roll you want to spinach
roll to its cottage cheese you ready to
see it are you ready to see it did you
already see it can you see it they're
horses not unicorns look at this see if
it's big enough it's a rolling backpack
Tory plays your old one I know you'd be
more excited if you didn't feel like
horse poo poo haha no okay
hey Hayley you haven't seen you today
Hayley's not feeling great either no
one's feeling great and I haven't even
gotten to the dishes yet I was gonna
edit and then do the dishes nope nope
nope look her name's on that I think
that fun oh look you can put your
pencils and your pens and your erasers
and your paper sysfore put your lunch in
here
Hayley does on its way I ordered it from
two different companies and hers was um
running a little behind
and I ordered them I didn't even ask
them I just shopped myself I hope this
is gonna fit all your stuff could you
have a lot of stuff can you believe that
we're already preparing to go back to
school
I feel like Annie just finished the
fifth grade so and he's about to get her
eyedrops
she looks healed the doctors thought
that hers was turning into what Haley
had okay
the dogs were very concerned dogs are
very good sir okay so I'm going to teach
you how to do this the best way to do is
to tilt your chin up move your arms all
the way outside on your side good don't
squint and you're not gonna rub or Pat
or anything no you're gonna close right
on it I'm gonna I'm gonna drip and then
I will open your eye okay don't don't
don't crinkle your nose relax
hey don't move and you'd not you can't
rub or Pat it yet
nice oh you did it so much better than
your sister right i'ma do the other eye
no drop good job okay okay now let it
just sit there you're a mess you've got
dinner on your cheek there you go it's
still on your cheek wait about 30
seconds and you can pat him what you can
rub your eyes now thank you yeah
sit right here there you go all done
she's had our medicine for the day
you're just like hailey just open okay
you're good to go now you can just relax
um my ears hurt my throat hurts my faces
this is what would you want to be a
movie who would you want to star in a
movie about your life life
marenick cosgrove good would you want to
be there was a movie about your life who
would play you which actress
I said Marianna Cosgrove who would play
about the girlfriend on the blog redhead
curly girl play clay in French s yeah
Francesca they could just dye your hair
and she looked totally like an older
version of you so don't forget to come
down below cuz we know what the cause it
is who would you want to be to start in
your movie about your life by the OSS
and why is she looks like me cuz she's a
weirdo and I will be there so bye bye
always remember to celebrate life
baked potato baked potato baby thanks
for watching
Vitaliy
