presenting bratayley makes history right
visiting button makes history hey guys
welcome to our new series pretending to
make history as a lot of you may know
we've been working on this since last
summer a mega family road trip traveling
back to the time of the American
Revolution the idea here was to have a
great time learning about our nation and
it being an election year and all it was
also a good time to learn about this
crazy beautiful democracy voters a lot
of you know when we started this series
Caleb was with us and you'll see a lot
of him throughout this series when they
lost we only partly done with the series
so me and Haley decided to ask mommy and
daddy if we could keep on filming it and
that's why we want to dedicate this
series that you're about to watch to a
one-and-only baked potato presenting hey
we made history to the best brother
anyone's ever asked for this is for you
Caleb hey bratayley fans I guess you've
heard we're making history and we're
starting at the very beginning of our
nation that is called it macaroni let me
kept on riding on his own
we're off on a trip back in time to the
American Revolution in costume and
undercover we're in hot pursuit of
characters like General George
Washington lady spies soldiers
presidents pirates horses and some
pretty sweet dance moves will travel the
original 13 colonies to see what we can
find and recreate some of history's most
famous moment so saddle up there it is
learn about these dates putting any on
plan to go to Boston Massachusetts on an
epic field trip and like it you said
where you're going to be doing a lot of
stuff you didn't say that yeah I would
say that yeah we're gonna be doing a lot
of stuff our epic field trip a field
trip and AK epicness and so yeah I have
to go get on plane an hour
the next morning it was time to meet our
own very special Revolutionary War guide
we came out of a article one day and we
saw this person that we wanted to say
that we didn't know but we did General
George Washington reporting for duty
my favorite food uh cherries hi guys
hello we are going to go to that she
says oh and that's how the strangest
road trip ever got started George
Washington can drive a car so just had
hair sticking out like that and everyone
was like literally staring at him for a
little he's pretty much like an insane
crazy history teacher that just walks
around with you yes he's a very strange
we headed out to the Boston Harbor we
thought we would start by reenacting the
event that kicked off the whole American
Revolution Boston Tea Party it wasn't a
real party nope it was more of a war
party
and there was this long bridge of y'all
like were shouting Kazaa and running all
the way down to the boat right are you
here to throw off this joke tyranny are
you here to be arrested for treason the
whole thing went down the night some
American patriots snapped into a British
ship and through boxes of tea overboard
into the harbor here so raise your right
hands oh I do decree I do decree it was
not me it was not me what's not he it
was not he was not she was not she
destroyed the tea all three
destroy all the fights of East India
Company T owe me a hundred eight love to
go wait why were we throwing T alpha
boat C back before the Revolutionary War
the state like Massachusetts were called
colonies soon Georgia New York North
Carolina South Carolina friend Maryland
Delaware New Jersey these colonies were
ruled by the British and King George oh
yeah
the British King was named George -
colonists were really angry that the
King wanted them to pay taxes on things
they got from England like this T they
were pretty much telling the King No
Deal
thinking that didn't have to be
controlled by the keener and even though
he owned them and stuff like that like
the Patriots were being completely
unorthodox like thousands of faxes of
tea in the water
we got to push the law that night they
destroyed like a million dollars worth
of tea in today's money and they had to
do it at night so they can like not be
seen as easily makeup bajas aha
yeah we do that a bunch that day cause
of Liberty the after words are like this
Mizzou Museum they had an original tea
box from the actual tea party
justic speaks for the news of our
actions three be in control when it did
this reaction was harsh as well as
what's that
- she said her majesty that behind if
there's these two portraits of these two
men but and they looked really like real
and then they started talking to each
other it was really really cool
Americans are our children planted by
our can I may only be a wall children
majesty your shapes well said Mr Al
that's Sam Adams Patriot yes your tone
as all your sentiments are becoming a
very subject his King placemark of
treason your destruction of the tea I
shocked me good Sam Adams liked shocking
the king he was part of a gang of
Patriots from Boston who also included
his cousin John Adams John's wife
Abigail John Hancock and Paul Revere
first we got to take a selfie with
Abigail uh-oh what are these things she
told us that after the Tea Party King
George really cracked down on the
Patriots our town was now completely
occupied by English soldiers Redcoats
townspeople who were Patriots had to
leave town and high the Patriots started
getting ready for battle
which brings us to the next hero we
learned about Paul Revere Paul Revere is
most famous for riding out to the
country shouting the British are coming
the British are coming
accept but he actually yield the
regulars from
anyhow we headed out of town to ride
just like Paul Revere did we electro
ride horses where Paul Revere actually
rode his horse but one else have ever
been allowed to ride a horse and we were
the first ones to ever be able to do it
because absolutely awesome we wind up
only once - right
coming get your call revered Cezanne
your color here you gotta go born
everybody all through the night
messengers like Paul Revere spread the
word as far north as New Hampshire and
as far south as Connecticut the next
morning the British arrived at the
sleepy towns of Lexington and Concord
and found seven hundred armed men ready
to fight Minutemen were soldiers that
only took a minute to get ready and then
could you get ready
depends on what I'm wearing
we visited the minutemen national park
as dawn broke here someone we didn't
know exactly who fired it's called the
shot heard round the world the shot
heard round the world was the very first
shot to start the revolution really
really turned about a world great
because that would be a really loud shot
we thought it was so cool but when we
got home we decided to reenact the
battle and our own backyard reenactments
naturally George took command of the
American side
rock with that you sir looks like a
patriot
I was our red coat I was on fedko side
blue side which I was on gives us sort
of three people he had two dogs also
fighting in the war we had Winnie on the
patriotic side and then Piper on the
British side the British redcoats were
the most powerful army in the world and
they outnumber the Patriots as you can
see here
but you guys are resilient
you guys are crap back in line gentlemen
a lot is at stake how bad do you want
this say that you want to live like a
free man let's go get it let's get it yo
get that freedom whoa
you know what freedom tastes like no not
yet but we will but I can imagine it
probably tastes like Chips Ahoy yes the
chewy cried yes microwaved for eight to
ten seconds yes but not longer because
otherwise it'll get weird across the
other so that being said
let's go go pages for life on three what
job I just love British soldiers kind of
you know they would always walk in
perfect line you know throughout the
whole war but the patriotic side kind of
did something difference in February
like really military trained and I
wasn't able to we're gonna run out there
and make them tired and then so we make
them unarmed and so they would really
you know they would be scattered all
over the whole area hiding and bushes
behind trees and well you know really I
think that came down to why Patriots one
type it was a spy and she taught us
their plans everyone
I just say we wasn't the best person to
be in the war because she literally just
sat over by the enemy team and then
Piper was just running over to us over
and over again and she was just being a
spy dogs we're kind of hiding behind a
tree they're all just standing there
waiting for somebody to shoot their plan
was to make us look like waste dollar
your bullets antal bullets well what
happened is three of us charged over
here and they ran back and then they
completely scattered and then we
completely scattered and then everything
if any of us were ever in actual war we
would probably lose if they were on the
other side we were on this side the war
would literally just be like a bunch of
people just running around in circles
USA USA USA so we won he doesn't look
like a Georgia boy tremendous had called
it macaroni the meeting on his own I was
your eye and till I jumped in and then
we were so wet so why don't we all get
jumped in the water and it was very very
freezing and it was so high tide that we
could just like muscle ourselves up at
the dock and then George Washington
jumped into god bless america
and then he almost lost his wig
oh he's saying Yankee Doodle attention
Yankee Doodle went to town riding on a
pony stuck a feather in his cap and
called it macaroni want you to pick it
up
he's your daddy dominus and remember get
everything down who do I give you
a buddy
