all right guys so Gigi doesn't know but
she's on the way to get it are you
kidding
she's like she's going for a car ride
little puppy or no puppy surgery it's a
big girl so far I guess she's trying to
look out but she's too little
alright guys a little baby
to go get surgery
she's not answering her the paparazzi so
good morning guys and panelists I got
the girls off to their flight but Mary
Kate had an extra flight to get where
she needed they were going to two
different places in Texas and one flight
at the same time she answered and now so
Danielle is with her friend safe and
sound and Mary Kate is supposed to be
catching boarding right now we're
checking were we're checking the status
she's supposed to be boarding her second
flight right now the second flight is
boarding according to their hope she is
we don't know if Mary Kate is we've been
trying to text her and call her I'm sure
she's on the plane I'm sure she's on the
plane do you think she's on the plane do
you think she made it you don't think
she's eating ice cream I feel as Haley
should be eating ice I'm gonna try one
more time yeah that's a great idea I'm
sure she's going to answer the second
maybe she's just getting on the plane
and her phone is in her bag maybe she's
just trouble
poor Mary Kate this is their first time
flying by themselves would you be able
to do it I hear it ringing yeah she's
not answering
Mary Kate answer oh my gosh oh wait she
did not hit me well it's not like she's
in a strange place you know she could
what I'm gonna Texas to the horse
psychology answer this one is my answer
you're gone
this is hilarious so we'll keep you
updated Haley is getting ready to go to
to dance classes to miscarry dance
classes she's got gym dance and then
flare dance I'm hello call me please yes
please call us and then Haley can you
tell everybody where you're going after
that after damn Oh we bogel yeah you in
Haley where are you and Annie going to
yes house yeah and if you don't know Mia
it is me and uh oh how did you know her
stuff she's a guy that I hate I think
Mia I don't know I don't know I don't
know when Mia's birthday is I'll ask for
maybe I maybe I
member that okay anyways we're off
subject they're going for a sleepover
it's Arden Mia Annie and Hailey and a
Melissa aunt wasn't coming no aunt
Melissa may be driving to Houston rescue
baby just fine you know getting on a
plane this is a great so that's the plan
guys okay see what she does put her on
speaker hello you're on speaker what I
said open oh okay did you get on the
plane
what did you get on the plane yeah yeah
she got on the plane you guys she's a
big girl really thought that you were
like eating ice cream or something Billy
thought you were either eating ice cream
or had fallen asleep and we're going to
miss your plane
wow so I wonder what most other to
rather than my phone so I put my phone
and my ball spray then she had her phone
in her back okay all right so you're on
the plane Wow
with your bags yeah did you trip no
actually she trip last time she flew
that's the inside joke where are you
sorry guys will check in later
hey dancing queen how was it yeah how's
that SunnyD good you work hard or hardly
work
well which one is it
you know what did you work hard means
okay do you know what hardly works mean
did you hardly do anything
okay marry gay that's it okay so here's
the plan Stan we're gonna go get you
some lunch and before we go to dance
with Flair we're gonna go to get some
ice cream and just in case you're
wondering the most important part of all
of this is that mary-kate ladies safely
oh yeah I don't know if we updated she
got on the plane we knew that and she
has safely landed in Texas we just said
it Danielle landed safely but that was
kind of we did we said Danielle's safe
with her friends oh yeah okay we did it
guys Danielle is safe with her friends
and mary-kate is safe with her friend
everything is good they made it they're
big girls now spread their wings and fly
yeah they did it have you guys ever
flown they didn't actually fly with the
wings inside with airplanes wings yes
thank goodness Hayley do you think you
could fly by yourself
with fewer 14 yeah and that's gonna be a
good question of the day could you fly
by would you fly by yourself or have you
ever that's a good question I bet we'll
forget I won't forget and will be asking
something completely different we won't
get it when I read the comments people
will be like you the grants or all the
questions of the day throughout the day
okay so let's get to dancing you guys or
ice cream eating okay guys the little
bitty baby is done with her surgery and
she's sleeping hardcore over here
so I'm going to go put her downstairs
where the other dogs can't get to her
and get to your stitches smells good
I don't ever come in here and say this
place stinks but it did you do but it
smells it smells good today I'm going
for it I'm just Chuck at Mia nice hey
nice Mia don't land on my you're not
he's not worried about you Mia just
about the kids Baloo you beautiful oh
yeah through are you just using as an
excuse to come down oh yeah he probably
will are you gonna use that Billy hmm
here come on this wheel push through
push through you got it you got it
I have gotten about five million
messages yeah I'm offering everything
but their lives for the name of your
song oh really
they want to know what's its name is
what is the name I've gotten offers I
think hold away those sunshine
I'm not even close I heard somebody say
it was called bubblegum because I think
you might have said it's cherry
bubblegum not called Moe but that's not
bubblegum she's one month from today my
friends one month you guys today's the
second Haley's birthday's in a month
oh she did the Caleb September September
2nd we're gonna have a playlist birthday
party wait really
yeah there you go Annie yeah I guess
they're just a little ahead oh yeah ok
ready
so ready miss Carrie so ready we use it
oh you're funny
has anybody decided where my leaps gonna
go in okay we're almost in Santa Paula
10 scams
Jen Jen Dan go I'm your battery is load
you can miss Paul is getting a little
Smith Family Circus footage going on all
right let's take it off let me go flare
we're gonna take it from the top but no
one knows what the top is yeah
whoa it is so good
let's go to where me I love it you're so
good over there look at Tierney's
alright hey Arden did you just not talk
you did can you show me straddle dark oh
how can you do with your arms and sexy
helium's if you go and then are you
comfortable to do seem to talk out of
that like absolutely no you can take a
semi laughs so good million times I love
it
we're joined you back Walker bring them
back up
Katie K we had Katie's on vacation so
she's not here
already need it one who's strategy up on
number one and Andy gets back top number
one factor number two in you're going to
like this back up number one
back tuck number two okay really fans in
it out who you guys are not going to
back top okay because you're gonna be
sleepy all right let's rock n roll
stripe Emily the holding the whole the
whole minute even me as dad knew that
when the music starts hey I have a great
idea why don't you move down here really
quick Syd let's bring it down with
another great idea this is it oh look at
that Wow
how did you do that hey you guys ready
now take two we're asking you to go this
time three four five six you look look
slow slow okay so what we're gonna have
to do we like need to be ready so after
work after the shovel keep it rise I
think did we discuss you guys not doing
the circle and you guys go nails so we
don't up down up down and grab her yeah
there you go
oh yeah okay how we doing okay
so there's going to be a bit of a pause
after each talk because Dan is going
front and then Andy's going sighs got me
yeah you're not news in there right now
I may be not helping
all right that's right I do oh it's much
better yeah that was exactly right you
guys are going to take skip and skip it
stop it stop it
so skip and skip it skip it don't open
and you're going to come from one two
three jump open hold on okay we're back
here right yeah just soon as hailey flip
two three jump open one two three jump
over
okay so arms are kind of just like
swinging alright so going back so
Haley's kind of coming on an EKG or kind
of like in their own space not really
going for an organ tip Partington five
six seven and you go skip it skip it
skip it jump out it has to be a double
time skip link one to pick up okay okay
yeah thank you
five six seven we go one two three good
yes or no
yeah yep you're going to go hand turn
yeah hey leanness hand turn good top
anyway yep okay
okay you're gonna go like this open it's
very like avoiding oh yeah you're gonna
step open and you're gonna go
there's a syncopation egos can turn song
holes like snow
ready
you would reenact it how would we say
what I don't want to go to pop again
that's Tierney's favorite video we'd
build a little water so they're jumping
in the puddle and what's your eyes not
your knees like this is not good reenact
on the line better oh good now if I can
slide better yeah now I do it Oh gives
you the shivers oh I don't get the whole
thing okay Haley oh look every guys
ready let me know can you show me that's
five six okay well then just do pop-up
move back about that five six seven
though - I need it to be like energetic
and for real yeah I got this honey five
six seven and back thank you
we repeat fit to be in there five six
seven and back be happy together guys
yeah in sixth position that's right five
six seven feet together it's really as
you were that one especially and we got
ten watch got ya scoop hot soup du dah
dah dah dah dah how do you feel about
that
wait do we do that in the beginning
Sydney like I approve
I approve wait so we document that
mother the beginning what doing this 1 2
3 boom but I'm just putting it ahead of
this so you're not so close together
okay whoo whatever you did we're going
to the scoop before God so I can spread
you out because I don't like you all
side-by-side because this right here in
the middle of like an uneven thing my
OCD is a problem make sense
mm-hmm okay because Haley's gonna end up
to be right okay and I'm in six for the
scoop go scoop one then you go one two
go one two three
why do I keep moving back remember we
live this don't remember this don't
forget just for Jack you should go one
go cute one two three yeah I love it
Haley doing why would anything ever to
do but I love what you did I forgot what
I was doing
oh my god do it is it after all seven
and one two one two go one two three
okay that wasn't bad enough shot it or
not
do you have a good time or what I used
to have all my opponents very good you
do you won still uh uh I feel a
challenge I am I feel estranged come on
already
I can't get all the way down anymore I'm
sorry miss Carrie stop it again and
watch Missy caring
daddy rolls away oh okay I am not
flexible anymore no I that's that's the
problem
oh I love people I think we have a title
Mia ah a pile of people that might be
today's a pile of title and this could
be the thumbnail right any so underwater
city did I hurt ya right or smell this
it stinks yeah Annie does that as we get
our didn't hit was so productive Annie
I mean hey Lia aunt Melissa was in here
she would be telling you what moves the
surf or wrestling oh she's giving to my
hair and I like how you're sitting on my
ponytail so I can't like oh never a dull
moment I think you've got her I think
she Pat you got to flip her over there
to pin her I'm still not feeling great
you're still gonna sleep over are you
coming home with me I'm sure going in
here yes alright so um
you guys good here are your ready are
you good reviewing are you adding you
done I mean I mean every professionals
they are professionals Larry oh my god
is it one point two or two in the car I
mean I don't know if resist Flair - I
think Flair to point out Flair to point
out the Facebook Flair do the face of
faces of Flair mMmmm
where's your face of player Haley I
can't do it okay um we just spent like
how long it were here five hours was
like five hours and two hours um at the
pool and Arden we were sitting on this
swing and she was on a tire swing
routine you got some three times by a
wasp zone I'll share the basketball
thing with you to wait to see that video
what we do on the pole mmm usable I
didn't know you had your camera we
should have videotape what is toothpaste
Dale I don't know that's so maybe sucks
out the venom he's good this is a nurse
and she knows yeah and Jonah pool right
oh you're in a handstand so far that's
the ball I leave it was in my cousin's
house yeah it's really cool okay it's so
alive
that back there is so guys I'm vlogging
honey
cuz I don't know it's not your camera I
said I could go Annie I'd like to say no
I actually just started like I know some
that's Haley anything you would want to
send me ice cream ice cream eating icy
cool okay guys bye
okay get everybody for dad not dressed
um um oh yeah we're just sitting around
you do that not hungry you should don't
you do or - yeah that sounds like it
yeah we're gonna we're gonna go eat with
for Eliza blurry hello I'm right the
miniatures it's not
oh there you bought it it helps here
I'll go make it blurry blurry little
blurry blurry blurry I'll be blurry
gonna be blurry
okay really what I want you to be poor
we don't cut it clear blurry blurry
I haven't earned enough to make a big
boy so much make like in a bed
it isn't that down should do that yeah a
little Instagram what someone make an
edit for me I like cheese opener like do
something go get like a million I would
I do that I get a lot of edits just
imagine me doing that I know I'm gonna
do that guys I'm probably gonna be
already done it a lot by the time videos
us get its own regular basis it's time
for the question today good name which
is have you ever been stung by a bee or
wasp because art adapts by a walk
through tactic anyways I was like by a
bee once and it was like it wasn't it's
in the Mary Kate's house right now it's
it was dead but pal
it was probably dead for like hundreds
oh it wasn't I didn't know it was there
but like it's tiny because or was it
getting something like food or something
hunt like that and I was running into
the house for some reason I was like oh
I'm probably I'm thirstier and you go
down to the surface I said it's done me
right on the side of my foot because I
stepped on it and I was like I was a big
weenie and I ran up to my mom and then I
was like me and like they're like oh and
I was about the time where I like really
didn't want to go to gymnastics I won't
do that face I was a funny prick kidding
so wasn't it merit in a Mary Kate's
house your old house yes that is so cool
so I'm like you're there you're like hey
so what I remember when I stood right
there yeah and then you're just like you
can just do it like this I bet you're
like unless you own my own house
danyoung and that was York rarity I was
sitting on the tire swing
Oh a mime told me and they stopped me
okay my story is you're in the old house
I was like five so you know oh and the
lungs is going kind of shine I was going
on the flies and something like flattens
you in a Fang Zi long and then it's
right here
yes like it was so bad because it
doesn't go oh I thought yeah I realize
the be parent of you and I I wouldn't
yeah I still don't get why the Biba do
that it's gonna die you why would you to
do well I wouldn't see me that knows I
was gonna die
but they were up to something
Oh
I can tell by the looks on their faces
jadvyga children look at you in another
goodness but I could it have investor
might be buys you tomorrow always
remember to celebrate life ah base take
baby thanks for watching
Vitaliy
