hi for me
good morning my friend oh good morning
gray and via Mary Kate's still drawing I
just got here
I said we're going home soon and they
all went oh oh we're gonna go home right
now and you're gonna shower how do you
feel this morning
I hope you're not gonna get Mary Kate
sick I warned you
yeah I warned you and you're like oh
then I can skip wrestling I remember
that conversation okay write that down
how are you feeling yes you are you just
don't want to go home you don't feel
good either
oh why cuz you have to go home does it
feel good cuz she has to go home grams
even your head so look at how dry honey
what so good Oh selfie oh yeah yeah not
a selfie lover
Oh what's the thought Mary Kate wasn't
very good at drawing an arm reached out
with selfie and arm okay okay
so if you're not feeling well we're
gonna be doing a lot of this today
yeah why can't we stay here cuz you need
to shower and brush your teeth yeah with
what toothbrushes yeah thank you you
really you probably should keep a
toothbrush over here and Mary Kate
should keep a toothbrush at our house
yeah that would be so super smart
grandma cam
good guys we gotta get our needle maker
to work yeah we're gonna try to eat it
soon it tastes like it is chocolate I
made chocolate news I wanted to try it
I'm a mommy and daddy some needles this
morning I read this recipe for chocolate
noodles I wanted to try there were some
questions on Instagram one was how are
you going to do gymnastics with those
clear now meaning any answers on that
you don't like the stick yourself
Hey I was looking at a popsicle here's
my throat hurts and mommy said that make
it feel better but it hasn't yet I could
make it no matter what it might fly I'm
okay with it it's a popsicle eating a
popsicle couldn't like the throat
lozenges hi everybody my arms tired
oh it's not working I have only taken
like two bites Trapster anyway um so I
just wanted to say that um well we're
gonna the Heather strap in the way yes I
have two straps on this um play it by
ear about gymnastics tomorrow I'm not
sure you're gonna feel up for it what
are you thinking haven't had I think I
can you can hear it in your throat and
Haley was the same way this past week
like you can hear like you protecting
your throat or something when you're
talking weird can tell you that sore
throat if you get me sick my friends
showing what you to do your nail she
sparkled it up I'm gonna do it to this
nail that one yep oh the popsicle gang
makes me want a popsicle going game
popsicles I like chocolate popsicles I
got fruity popsicle laughs these have no
sugar in it really uh-huh
no you're you're quiet you should get
these this really does hurt your arm
okay you just want to check in Annie's
feeling a little better eyes look like a
lot better your eyes are looking a lot
better those drops are helping what hey
Annie
hey Annie okay sure you guys remember
what it looks like now look at it well
it's like back
has been back to normal it was pretty
gunky it was like a really does yeah
we're just hanging out of the house and
we might see m'kay again I got somebody
again somebody forgot her blankie DL DL
Danielle I did L just having a lazy
Sunday trying to get this girl back to
100%
well we'll decide in the morning right
now no she's gonna go I'm at like 67
what's very specific what well well well
I see someone wasn't sick enough to do
some music Li's today
huh sick season
huh Inez turn she started feeling really
bad so we're bringing her to the doctor
no no fever that's how we test for fever
and lips but she doesn't feel good and
Mary Kate's here for moral support
so we're gonna get her checked out I'm
thinking it's crap all right we just
swap the throat and it's not any fun you
guys they're testing our first trap
which was what we were pretty sure they
were going to do so now we're just gonna
wait you want to lay down
I know it doesn't feel good I'm sorry
mary-kate here for moral support
she did miss this well the nurse was
quick she's like okay we're gonna test
sick traumatic parts over now we just
wait bad news guys it wasn't I mean I
know it's good news what bad news I was
hoping it was strep so we could treat it
it is not strep and she is absolutely
miserable sad and miserable like so
meaning what's so bad about her like she
couldn't noway antibiotic it's not gonna
help I was hoping it was strapped so
that we can start the medicine we're
gonna go home and try to take care of
her buckle up I'm blind mary-kate we've
been trying to make an e laugh and it's
not working I was bummed to hear that it
wasn't strap I don't know about
everybody else like because I knew that
strep Nabucco start the medicine and
when he's like oh yeah there's really
sounds bad yeah he's like you can gargle
saltwater and we're like give her
something I know you cannot get sick hey
guys hey look look listen it's Haley and
mommy here with you for question of the
day
Annie's getting some rest right cuz as
you guys know she's not feeling well
so Haley and I are gonna handle this Oh
some string cheese mm-hmm okay you read
that real time okay
would you better have to always speak
your mind I'm never speaking what does
that mean okay so when you speak your
mind it's like you know standing up for
something that you think or saying
what's on your mind like would you you
know when you speak your mind you're
telling people how you feel ah and
sometimes you might not always want to
speak your mind and sometimes it's good
to speak your mind like so people know
how you feel like yeah and you say what
you believe in
you get to tell people your opinions so
would you rather have to always speak
your mind
yeah or never to speak your mind again I
would always me too because there's a
nice way to speak your mind right Julie
I didn't you don't have to be me she got
her angry and it would be horrible to
never be able to speak your mind again
right it's good to speak your mind every
once a while if you you say it nicely
and if you eat string cheese before you
go to bed so you're pretty sure Andy's
not going to gym in the morning bummer
but this little girl has gym tomorrow so
she'll be going solo probably gotta wake
up early to get her to gym so that's
about all we got for the day it's been a
crazy day started off you know normal
and then Annie went downhill really fast
she wasn't feeling well all day but all
of a sudden she started feeling really
yucky and then nothing no medicine that
they can give her least you got medicine
for those eyes of yours so hopefully
she's feeling better in the morning
she's resting right now I told her we
gave her some more pain medicine and a
popsicle and told her to go to sleep so
I could away Haley don't forget to go
wait don't forget to comment down below
cuz when you were little
question of the day is would you ever
never speak your mind again or always
always on your mind we'll see you guys
tomorrow
tiny toodles toodles toodles bye always
remember to celebrate life
bake bake bake a-bake thanks for
watching
Vitaliy
