time for my good morning everybody
Oh got a good morning hi yeah kick
hailey can't shake this cold or whatever
it is she's got and we are just hanging
out in the house playing ball with the
dogs this little ones like in the tennis
ball except Nani just went outside and
now that's all they want to go do Gigi
don't you want to play with the ball hey
Gigi what's your skill
you're gonna hit Piper that doesn't
sound very nice
is it the lid on tight let me check it
you got three tries or I won't be
impressed look at Winnie yeah one of
your side and you're tough Oh
and your toothpick lovely Lisa's got
good hygiene ladies and gentlemen what
do you lose that's cheating
Haley that's fading you know hold me
back hold me back I know oh my gosh you
are a man oh that feels good crashing
hey guys so um we didn't know we had
dance and I'm on this packing a lunch
because she's not 30 but apparently we
have dance and we're gonna go get
something to eat and you have like
literally 10 minutes
I've Katie with me who has the same
problem as we as I do and we literally
won't do that yeah so we got hurry you
want to eat are you hungry yeah II you
got to eat so we're just running to the
grocery store and we're gonna find
something you guys sweating um
nothing oh yeah we did French right in
between the bars I only made one Hyundai
room that you said had it I took that
Ruffy I did it was just kind of like
blocking this stuff so I wasn't much
more I did my one-and-a-half on rats
more whoo awesome I did win all of them
come on out we're doing
whip tech and and I meet him sorry but
you what I did whip tech on floor G so
Haley just filmed an oh my gosh TV video
because Lee couldn't do it this week so
you guys should go check that out I
don't know my gosh TV and there's team
up dogs up here JJ
alright go speaking off go clean your
ring this stuff over here look how messy
all right guys
also there's a hint to what the theme is
for oh my gosh TV and it's it's going to
be in the next ten seconds 10 9 8 7 6 5
4 3 2 1 so guess the theme for oh my
gosh TV this week how will the spring
hey help with opening night Fork
we literally have three minutes to get
them back to the journey open your fire
so this will be settled on oh sorry miss
George tripping chicken rotisserie
chicken yep fruit dried fruit we got
fresh fruit and dried 400 fruit down
move down
that's gonna dry out oh my goodness
we're falling apart here oh we can't get
I cannot keep track of the somatic
schedule
think I've got it all down and then BAM
by the way you have dance today no need
to come to the gym
no I could have stayed at home and
finished what I was doing cleaning that
would been fun I would have been fun
no no no I get to come up here and do it
late
as adults let's play date with your
mother all the time this is a play date
for us it's a play date we're gonna have
a play date while you guys are um this
is the play guy thing
yep look guys we can't we don't time to
go home we we've gone home or yesterday
grown up playdates their prey better
than kids later I shouldn't say I met
you - gasps that Miss Katie and I have
more fun than you and Annie Katie hi
pink shadow by Bryce we do we do music
please uh-huh and um zap chat right we
do that why do you like real life one
exactly hey smile uh-huh living fleeting
tomorrow yeah we're gonna go I don't
know to go back to the houses perhaps
you have Scott we might do that not now
get out and get early I won't I'll take
good care of my son who doesn't let me
here but oh my gosh you guys guys have
fun see you after practice for real good
my hands all right we got rid of them my
god that is all our evil pies all coming
together
oh good see what these little dance
we're doing in here
um well no it's either home do they have
a name oh no no that were there grabbing
your legs nice Amanda needles we got our
tippy toe all you dancers it out there I
know there's my name's needle me sounds
like it could be it
here's your foot here's your foot now
grab it note
she told me to watch she gave me the
this thing No
Hey
hey does anybody else wish that that was
cookie dough me I do think that I wanted
this to be cookie which can I just say
you just keep that pointed over there
but animal looks like clearly doesn't
want to be on camera today when he eat
it Gigi and you brought her dog food
over in the cookie dough container
everyone was very uh-oh so disappointed
oh my goodness who's your mother some
coloring Oh unfortunately some coloring
going on again yeah let's just say many
days of coloring what we do around here
huh
this is taking me a 15 minutes hey did
you know a little fighting behind me
going on we're just hanging up the house
I think it's gonna storm you look over
here you see wind see what okay you see
the trees blowing which means there's
wind what making me hungry over there
I would eat some raw cookie dough right
now if there was some here you go bison
we should but it's gonna storm so that
means we'd have to go over there I know
that means we have to go then you have
to get mad mad mad at our car theater
what none is that worried yet and that
is that we don't Harriet raw cookie
dough Omega long short we're not getting
cookie dough that scared me
Thunder oh there's the girls running I
guess they are out that would have been
Annie we're closed that scared me
I did not a storm is here you guys it's
coming
was creepy Haley hey it'd be like a
horror movie one of us in here's names
in universe let me see you do it Haley
that's creepy
yeah
thunders rolling oh you had to know that
was gonna be a good one oh look at you
hey Annie you're like smiling she's
pregnant
oh she is so afraid which is a little
roll this picture of I'm gonna be mad
but Thunder it's gonna come on your saw
lighting and getting this game over
right now
didn't miss a thing this light yeah it
was a baby one you see how it is
lightning it just whatever it that's
pretty far away - what I don't
understand is why everyone jumps with a
hunter alive even scary part Nigel
Thunder is the sound yeah Thunder
doesn't do I know but is snow I mean a
tournament where the lightning is what's
scary but right that's what he just said
I know I'm really saying what he said it
sounds better listen to that storm you
guys
guys when I go out and see
Oh
a little bit scary out here I'm not
gonna lie look at the water
no no swimming it's a little scary out
there I'm not gonna lie you can't go out
there
crazy dog crazy is it working
yes hey guys so all ready for bed and
time for question day which is what is
your favorite thing about the beach Oh
swimming feeling how much you have seen
this yeah so I'm gonna go change into
pajamas oh you got the water what same
shark horse you guys Oh what you gonna
say where she craps um um never get a
comment below because we want to know
regarding tonight mmm
what was your favorite thing about the
beach by tomorrow
always remember to celebrate life
database database thanks for watching
Vitaliy
