time for me hello guys what Sunday
morning and my hair's not brushed that's
normal
yep it's very normal so anyways good
morning and uh we're headed and take
your mastic Haley's tired she's she's
she's she's with us - she has practice
this morning Haley's a little sleepy and
she's not feeling all that great oh
we're going ago that was can I can talk
to busy um but we want to make sure that
you know it's just too sick then I'll
just take her home with me
but sometimes tired Haley does it feel
well so we're not charged it's not it
she's just tired and cuz it's 8:30 in
the morning or she's getting sick so I'm
gonna say at the gym for a few minutes
and make sure she's okay alright guys so
the verdict is out Haley did not feel
well enough to go to practice and I
think she feels a little funny about not
going to practice you hold that for a
second my card I moved so tell everybody
what's wrong I have a little bit of the
fever maybe I don't want a thermometer
and I just checked your head again and
you might have a fever now this morning
when I checked it you didn't feel like
you had a fever and I couldn't find the
thermometer feels like a shitty if you
like you have a headache and
and she woke up with like a really
tightly but we gave her a little bit of
cough medicine so that seems to be
working all right
so because I didn't have a thermometer
or Tylenol and we just stopped at the
store and we got some pain relief fever
reducer and we got a thermometer because
she possibly has a V ver and I couldn't
find the thermometer actually I found a
thermometer but the battery was dead in
it so we just bought a new one my kids
hardly ever get sick so I don't usually
have thermometers just with working
batteries okay let's see we need to peel
that off so we're gonna see if she
really does have a fever I hope you know
you guys you don't have a fever my
friend you were no 98.6 that's good
that's good you know the fever so but
we're gonna give you some medicine for
your headache we're gonna do this one
more time just to make sure 98.6 BAM you
guys makes me feel better I don't like
fevers but if you have a headache and a
cough when you call it makes your head
hurt really badly and it really it is it
is hard guys that do gymnastics when
you're not feeling well and put that
together for me I'm glad to see you
smiling I'm starting to think I'm hot
Lester I'm starting to think that you
could have made it there gymnastics life
are you go back I do late what is the
problem sometimes when you first wake up
you don't feel well but then the day
goes by and you start to feel better
that's why I was trying to talk you into
going you don't listen to me Haley we
got dressed and we went up there you
just needed like 30 minutes born you
would have been fine guys it's hard to
decide if your kid should stay home from
school or if your kid should stay home
from gymnastics or their sport she was
miserable when she woke up this morning
she looked miserable good and I was like
maybe she's just tired I think you're
fine
I still have that car yeah but I gave
you minutes I'm gonna call like so she
woke up with it yesterday
woke up yesterday morning not feeling
great so he gave her some cough medicine
and I had a little bit of Tylenol left
so I gave her the rest of that and then
she felt fine all day all day and then
last night she started to not feel well
again the night thing in the morning
bang cuz then he woke up behind while
her throat was a little hurt you know
sometimes when you wake up if you've
been breathing through your mouth you're
right your throat can feel Caleb did you
would like in the back in the car yeah
he's asleep of the madman
okay what could make your throat dry and
feel a little scratchy so I was like
okay get rid of Yuma's wake up now she's
in this great mood
remember
why have your leg
where you going oh I totally need some
ice cream please can I have one of each
lady give me one of e why are they
laughing that is creepy
Oh
ten no hey Devon thick my board me too
people think we're crazy guys mmm
actually I do like that one what scent
was that sweet sunshine sweet summers
sunsets
oh I like it still doing a little
shopping guys we're doing some sniffing
and the bath and body where this one
smell it
Haley and I like Campbell that's like
lemony yummy and clean like makes me
want to eat make a cake and clean a
lemon cake that's what that does it
makes me want to eat meat make baked
cakes and clean this one the limoncello
are you gonna bake a cake I'm not gonna
bake a cake cake we're clean I thought
factors was over it 5:30 and it is not
over if I perish a guardian yeah yeah
but I'm not the only one that was late
look who else was late hot scalding and
crazy that this is what I'm wearing come
on he's a an air-conditioned there's
miss Jill she's the other one that
didn't go what time practice was over
dude muffins and she just asked what the
girls were doing I just called her and
she's like what are the girls doing I'm
like eating my head and map it slap it
right now they're not eating muffins
they're playing with muffin
you shoulda seen the look they gave me
when I said that like and we have the
clock Oh Gabby got a clock expand out my
spot let's go to round number three
number three then you put it down here
ready yeah oh that's so me you okay
I'm official clock I'm always number
three at the top boys number three coupe
okay so let's throw we're going here to
do this coach Mary we run with Coach
mayor and elbows cherries and me and my
mom and all of them are going to dinner
and we're going to coach Mary Hill our
parents want us anymore now I gotta lock
the doors this is what customer has to
do okay mine is to my pinkies getting
tired I don't hold me much fun wait this
is kind of awkward can I like walk oh
it's a week I've never
okay okay so now we're ready boys and I
will look in the door okay
we're stopping and all the other dude
stuff we're gonna do the front door come
on which I'd like have a little did they
dip like campus bacon or like probably
was my right that I use left right
bloody hell exhale right left right left
bring right this is hard blink break
language boy please what flow pump Oh
heart we are at a dinner it's delicious
now is oh my gosh Ryan
haha
that looks good you guys and look what
he brought me would you look at that
Katie's like dude I don't hear her okay
this is the hot budget talk in the back
this honey it's brownie brownie let me
know when you're done ladies they had a
seven-hour practice today they did you
thought it was a seven and a half all
right only a seminar practice the ladies
remember what are you doing yeah
look at there no lights are on you
setting this is gonna be your doll room
so your giant dollhouse yeah the whole
thing it could be what do you want for
dinner tonight
out now um hmm is that up clothing rack
or a gymnastics bar hmm
oh so you're just practicing did you
tell everybody why you didn't go to
gymnastics today already
oh yeah he did okay cuz she's a skipper
a lot sinners down dramatic we have to
have a dramatic heart you put
deportation s is that a word
deportation and yeah
okay I'd like see you later Annie no bye
goodbye see you later good for it and
I'm not ready for this look here you're
too short anyway can you see over Oh Oh
go this person wants in whoo sorry dude
he's like waiting patiently sorry is he
mad at us is he like oh my gosh what are
they doing
oh wait she feels very good he's been
kind of laying around much the day and
now she's asleep it's not even that late
hey guys member that time that we said
Haley wasn't sick hmm we were wrong
she's got a little bit of a fever and if
her what was she doing I don't know
she's writing on you with those tattoo
pencils like barely a fever guys like
barely so a fever if if it doesn't go up
and you feel better you have dance
regular dance and flare dance Oh flare
did I just I just feel a secret maybe um
but if you wake up with fever we are not
gonna be able to go so can you work on
that Haley can you get rid of your fever
please
we're still coloring you guys tell you
this is what good it's great
well that's the coloring section over
there for two days
what coloring that for just Oh fight
fight fight
oh this is two days worth of work she's
very serious about it I'm so serious
about it
if I only kill someone that's a ton of
dogs get in did I have the dogs am i she
points her toes hey ha oh hello Winnie
got me that's me I'm best friend best
friends don't have to resemble each
other just go lick you from back here
okay down oh you guys broke up right hmm
trying to think of a question of the day
as we sit here yesterday it was pencils
or markers
I mean crayons or markers what you going
on oh I like markers for all wrong
that's what Danny said right Annie
something like that I said colored
pencils so how about we go with an easy
one guys Coke or Pepsi
you can't pick something else it's got
to be one or the other
coke why'd you say any coke Haley Hamill
is published
what are they instead based on us the
question should of the day should be dr.
pepper or water it's true guys the first
split when we got to eat okay fine when
we go out to eat it's on the water
section or the dr. pepper so raise your
hand dr. peppers that work and
Danielle's doctor by profession honey
and raise your hand for waters and skips
water he's on yeah
all right we win dr. peppers role said
before
are you really wearing we are winning
we're winners all right guys you know
the drill comment that below and get up
Andy's head it really fast um comment
down below if you want off your team
water or team dr. pepper
oh good he's throwing her slime on those
hands all right guys we'll see you
tomorrow
always remember to celebrate like baked
potato baby
thanks for watching
Vitaliy
