keine mumble be it's my birthday so I'm
a bumblebee with meringue pie for me
look what I got
guess what today is it's a very special
day he's birthday so glad to spend it
with Michelle we've been here I've been
to Francesca uh-huh
I don't have any idea what about okay
jewelry now I'm guessing me look Wow
look at the colour not fun
thank you mister you're welcome coz you
had a necklace kind of like that in you
last day I lost it and then you want a
new one needed a long one because it
really dresses up a plain shirt it does
and I left it at a hotel I really really
really like that so this one is a little
bit different it's like kind of earthy
in his tub but it will go with
everything bag and you already know what
this is like Megan yeah is Katie's
birthday oh yeah yeah well there's that
gold jacket again oh yes we have to go
Jack
yes and sequel dad alright guys we are
gonna finish getting ready
drag ourselves out of the bed it's like
six o'clock in the morning is it really
yeah six o'clock in the morning I'm
gonna go see the girls so we had to
finish getting ready and dressed and all
that boring stuff and then we get to see
the baby girl so I know you guys are
very excited about that so stay tuned
cuz you will see them pretty much maybe
next time I turn this camera yeah
oh hey guys we are here we thought about
going and peeking in that window
but we're not sure if that's weird or
not
Toth go see if they're even awake I
would have I would have done that we
would have rocked those trampolines
that's where I guess they were doing
like triple backs and the belt okay it's
pretty quiet here what camp Woodward
there's some water bottles whoa last
night it was like a hit that is really
cute I think I hear people I can't wait
to see them I'm gonna bust the door down
here's the other one they were away
class dear
yeah
John maker maybe I'll make her
good morning Annie Annie Minnie it's
time to Oh hit your mama Dre she like
yes she got a look-see growled at me
there's some lady we were trying to be
really quiet we're trying not to be
those awkward people like a minute and
13 seconds ago about we came in through
the other GI we came in the other door
who are those creepy parents sneaky if
my child would wake up that would be
great
surprise surprise
Annie is pretty much all packed up and
awake kind of we have fun no you can
close your eyes for every more minutes
how is sleeping on this dog it was
comfortable I can sleep on at home oh
yeah that's because you did was it can
you teach me excuse me
ha I no harm hey you will give me a hug
did you miss me
a little bit I met you were you awake I
just banged it are you packing up are
you having your friends help you back up
now little buddy oh thank goodness for
buddy you do know that you have to
actually get up and come home with me
today right you have to get I'm done
with Haley like all her stuffs outside
her bed sheets and all that Oh your turn
Oh too bad you will come home with me
and you will like it are it's true you
can sleep in the car
oh she's gonna get out of bed let's go
so close did you get any sleep this week
yeah yeah
Oh your Lambo girl that's so traumatic
how was your first camp experience yeah
did you have more fun less fun or about
what you thought but my more fun with it
lonely were you able to sleep
listen creak creak creak of this strange
would you come back Baxter
yeah would you come back next week
yeah you look exhausted yeah so I saw
some back-handspring footage it was
pretty impressive you're not very
talkative I thought you'd have lots to
say hey they do need ice cream every day
yeah no no I was checking your account
and it looked like you later ice cream
every day are you ready to go home
cool all ready to go home right there
Mia how was your trip for your camp yeah
I heard you were a little sick in the
beginning you feeling better yeah good
good
happy birthday dear is hemant and when I
was three birthdays at one quick one
Kate and Kate in Antalya Wow
jinx Oh Kenan yay is a good birthday
present to pick up the girls yeah Oh
birthday doesn't ever
well we drove in yesterday so it was
good
the girls were trying to spend more time
with each other because obviously
obviously six days at camp you have to
come to this one meet so Brian's got a
swim meet they're going to cuz like
remember last year Katie was swimming
and that's when me and after Woodward we
went straight to a swim meet well this
year Ryan's the only one swimming in it
but they're still going oh he said yeah
he's not home so they're going to hurry
home to watch Ryan that's why we got
here so early but I'm trying to explain
to Annie that she may want to go home
because there's a surprise person at her
house oh I want to go back you don't
want to know do you know do you have an
idea what if so you just want to be a
surprise that person comes awesome maybe
because that person is very sweet I
think we should all be able guys are so
funny like six days wasn't enough okay
you can I think they nice things do you
want to know you guys ain't so bad I
don't want to know I think you know
Helen here's Hailey's change from camp
Annie
and he's changed from camp notice a
difference again there's Katie's change
and now we owe an e money for the ice
cream that Haley just bought you're
looking at one right here that's going
to drip everywhere
so that's funny Oh got a lot of sideways
how did you survive without me
we're miss Jill or Katie like are these
bags in the leg against the goon is back
I'm like Tomas car is full of people and
bad guys the podcast I don't know who
ditch somewhere I have a surprise guest
but I don't know oh I don't know I don't
be Briggs I haven't seen her in a long
time don't tell me don't tell me please
play don't know don't you listen too
long to me but I don't tell me anything
I know I'm not saying anything miss Kay
I'm going to like him right yeah - huh
is it Mary Paige you like Danny Mary Kay
make a like me better than Katie and
Haley hey lead up here you know there's
a surprise special guest at our house
this is your prize special guy Chris
Tingley over today piercing and it
caring what guys my freckle and I have a
frightful right there.i one piercing hey
it looks like I have two in
yet my guarantee every time I ain't no
that's a freckle miscellaneous because a
couple and that one is Melanie then she
doesn't I don't know it
ha Katie that's Judith I know it she
doesn't go like this ready so you guys
can sing something
ow I'll mouth it and see if it will I
get to melt I don't want to sing
anything too bad then say something what
are you gonna say I what am I gonna say
so we're gonna say
that I see
that I think you okay no don't wait now
you see okay okay today say I have a
cuddly bear
ready I have a cuddly bear I'd like a
different you did okay wait say
something else I have a big fluffy dog
 oh okay ready I have a big fluffy
doggie
look you're doing a new um I'm a baked
potato
okay I am a baby I was it ah I'm a baked
potato
Harry I am a baked potato
wait Emily oh yeah okay so someone's
gonna say something Haley you say
something Emily is gonna melt but you
have to get out of the frame
what you have to tell me what it is
okay
all right
I'm thinking why'd you do it
medic pinky that's good
so we're home and they're gonna go see I
stress you yeah that's what they have
already they already know who it is hmm
initial guesses yeah well good thing you
guys can't scream walk to me hey friend
or side door when I'm not there is on my
wrist follow the camera like magnets the
door oh did you know I was here
no I was getting yeah like wait a second
no have you birthday to us I've birthday
Noxon are you birthday too
so sup as I compares a little and then
with the layout side by side comparison
hmm what do you like to display bedroom
a display what does that mean this point
hmm right now I'm like a mess away glad
to display yeah so we're gonna shut up
all done but now I'm like English we'll
see what it looks like when we actually
show it it had to beat doesn't look
better got the newer version of this
camera in today so we're trying it out I
want to try to be able to be it
going to be in students okay you'd be
able to see well it makes my eyelashes
look longer really or they just stuck
together from the back oh right yeah
they're just stick together from the
back never mind okay
anytime you're cookin if you're making
something safer you want to add a little
bit of sugar to make it something silly
drawings and a little bit of salt
because that balances everybody how much
sugar the sugar flour what are you guys
doing lady cake okay mix has that much
sugar in it is mommy's birthday present
you just don't fold it you don't get to
shoot her mommy's birthday present she
gets to sleep all day do you guys want
to see a baseball game tomorrow do you
want to go see a baseball game tomorrow
do you want to get me some of those
chips and do and put in my mouth mmm
are you a chef now
did you really like shirt at camp one
the last day okay so how many people
recognized you at Camp three so guess
how many people took pictures with us on
our mini vacation kiss gasps literally
one one person took a picture of us and
three people watched our vlogs no
did you watch our vlogs while we were
gone
do you know where we went we're close to
Canada who who told us who told on us
who told you that we went no one tell
mommy tell you know how did you know Wow
see there was a picture you guys on
Instagram that said you guys are at camp
huh you people on Instagram told them oh
so we're pointing fingers around here
now huh we're pointing fingers around
here all you need is borax glue and
water and you two can have some fun
together cuz he's a scientist
oh geez who's Latin America oh okay
play with the slime I said it there's no
problem people I don't know if this is
slide what it's rubbery but yeah when I
think a slime I think of like on
Nickelodeon in the olden days real uh-oh
let's show this slime G wait you can't
do that on television right Missy this
one's people online people and you can't
do that on television for the way and
they say I don't know oh yeah they said
I don't know you got some water in the
water would come down that was before
your time wasn't it no there's a show on
Nickelodeon where well yeah they might
have been reruns and it was like trivia
questions and
double there no no that is double dare
you against one also and then that you
went down the slaw guys help us out what
is she talking about just comment down
below
did she not it's not for the room you
know I'm gonna look this up yeah double
dare was on Nickelodeon my flowers are
dying miss chill got those for us on
Caleb's boy stay
wolf day sorry birthday as I do they
birthday day and now they're dying oh
you got some fancy for um dinner tonight
slime you guys we have perfected the
slime we've learned we've learned that
the less borax you use right the better
so that's in between and this is not
like barely any more connection it's
more like glue wonderful he was dying
that the lab people leaving you to be
doing rock powder um made like what's it
like he's got their own bouncy ball we
nice catch and this is at least amount
of work powders more like actual slides
just this is movement Haley don't panic
don't panic
yeah I can divide it in half
catch mary-kate good thing there's no
catching us why she writing play
baseball
you're mean to that baby puppy
like I'm getting shot hey guys we're at
mommy's and Nani dinner
hey are you just eating chocolate baby
oh yes your dessert delivered because we
have more chocolate I mean I'm working
off a lot we kill a lot of chocolate do
they forgot I think the I think they
should have and we just devoured it as
soon as they were on it someone took all
the marshmallows but I don't name any
names someone's gonna hear aliens in
with a cave into the cave in decay which
okay so the question is what what's your
favorite backpack let's see this one
first
Hey oh hey lead ready to go back to
school will you look at that what else
you got in that backpack lunchbox oh
it's upside down oh oh look at the B on
the back and that cute
my cute guys what we're trying to say is
surprise I know some of you sneaky
people saw this sitting on the counter
in today's video you sneaky I forgot it
was on there and I was trying eight if
you spy it
comment down below for Kaylee yeah hey I
forgot it was sitting there we were
waiting for the kids to model them and
Hayley's doing a wonderful job modeling
the new backpacks I can't believe it's
time to start even thinking about back
to school so I think the question of the
day is which what's your favorite back
describe your favorite backpack you guys
should be describing this one because
this has got to be your favorite
probably next logo okay with a little
light more purplish no what's wrong with
this one
ah ah I have horrible I like it eyes
like purple but it's purple all over
this oh oh this is purple this is purple
fun then I like this I knew it yeah I
really like the pencil case and I really
like that so these are gonna be for sale
I think as of now when this video goes
up so if you need a backpack and you
like bratayley then you're on it kind of
makes sense that you get the bratayley
backpack right but really describe your
favorite backpack that's gonna be the
question of the day that one's your
favorite I like the old ones too but I
think I like this one a little better
it's like huh yeah I like the colors so
we had a good day mommy and nanny's
birthday celebrated girls home from camp
we missed them so mmm so so it's kind of
Mistah maybe about this much
and thank you maybe about Annie's
getting a hand scratch over there hi
Annie
oh it's a massage Andy do you like the
backpacks yeah did you see him you want
Haley to model them well if she can't
just got slime all over our hands all
right let's see you tomorrow bye they
need a little dog footage
always remember to celebrate life ah
baitha day babe
thanks for watching Vitaly
