time for me okay hey guys so we're going
to the airport again yeah we haven't
been enough
we need more airport time we have a
special guest coming her name is not
yeah the girls are going to be excited
because they don't know well I think
Annie may have seen a text message
before you left
so we're gonna go pick nany up Nani's
this guy's father the mother figure um
and then Katie is leaving to get Annie
and Hailey tonight
yes this afternoon I'm gonna go we're
going so I'll take Cameron so that's
what we're doing right now we're gonna
are they going to be on the camera today
I miss Jill and I'm gonna decided we're
going together we're gonna decide what
time we get there because we don't want
to disturb they've got something this
evening and we don't know if we'll make
it in time so Miss Jill was getting all
her stuff together and we're gonna meet
up and we're gonna drive up there we're
gonna get the girl or maybe see the
girls I don't know kind of make sure we
get there in time we will for sure see
them tomorrow
are you excited see your mommy do you
say no is it dad I don't
where are you it's further down we know
this Airport like the back of our hand I
don't know the back of my hand that well
though I'm just saying I don't know why
they say that expression you ever heard
that expression guys that could be a
good question of the day what's your
favorite expression what expression do
you use the most
I have to think about that one or what
what expression do you have no idea what
it means oh I see her she's waving at us
like hey I'm here get ready for your
debut you haven't been seen you in
forever
you know I'm filming is gonna be weird
you're always weird
honey we are live every day 3 2 1 go hey
guys we're live from the car on the way
to Woodward doing we're going to pick
the girl's up but we have decide that
we're gonna probably arrive too late
see them today so I'm sorry for all you
people we have to deal with me one more
day we'll see them in the morning but
Jill and I are in the car hello and good
afternoon and we're going to go get them
or go stay in a hotel tonight so we can
be there at pickup time so that we're
not late
we're seeking good food we are we're
going to be hungry because I feel a
little bit of hunger setting in but I
don't know are we gonna get where we're
going and then I just what do you feel
oh I kind of feel like where we're
staying is a little bit oh well you know
I think there's things around where
we're staying I don't know what do you
want to eat I go I'll eat anything
I feel the same way what is what is this
area known for well
the Amish they're known for good pies I
could eat an Amish pie we could do that
wonder if we can find it we should find
an Amish restaurant let me wake up Amish
restaurant guys want to come along to an
Amish let's do that cuz I thought you
there's cool stuff there that you can't
find it normal that I got hyper from an
Amish yeah yeah
well I in honor of Piper we should we're
gonna eat how much food tonight yeah
alright let's go on that out
I think Hammond pot pie might be Amish
have you ever had a Hammond pot pie
Don't Tell Katie oh yeah don't tell Kate
don't tell Katie Hammond pot pie is one
of the best things ever I've also
decided I don't know if I've said this
yet I don't think Hayley's gonna want to
come home alright she's had ice cream
every day we've been checking her
account we prepaid for like a little
account and so she's got credit we've
been checking what she's been buying has
been ice cream every day I think she
bought an ice cream for her friends on
horseback ridings Ricky
yeah they got overboard but I really do
think it's funny and she has like 15 new
friends yeah she's in the cab and she's
at random with the younger gymnast and
she has all these new friends that is
she's just lovely she's having fun I
don't think she's gonna want to come
home and they're like you're here right
reaction tomorrow but I think it's gonna
go something like that like oh oh hi mom
you're here to get me is it saturday
already already saturday exactly
check your things we made it this is it
are we considering this Amish very good
last time we left I mean I think this is
fairly Amish you got an Amish territory
yes we are super excited
dick Terrance we're gonna eat here the
country covered we just had our waitress
come by and announce that there's mac
and cheese so I was a little bit excited
it's her specialty
macaroni chill duh that's what I'm
eating yeah very exciting um that's
about it guys like we're very excited
there's a cute little shop over there
that we're gonna go shopping we're
living it up here
and almost country up in Amish country I
mean I don't know that anybody else
would appreciate this as much as you do
yeah thank you
it's a mac and cheese she had me at mac
and cheese I'm hoping for chicken and
waffles I'm looking yes we heard chicken
and waffles I hope we're not making you
guys too hungry I know right and then
we're gonna go get some of this
yes sir huge huge bakery out there you
guys are not gonna believe it
our hotel our bellies are full oh I'm so
full after dil apna still got a coffee
to go I did not drink coffee so decal
just Oh imma go say I'll just won't be
caffeinated no no no she's not got dated
either thank God and we had to come down
like we want more to where the lobby is
and she pushed one alike wait a second
we're on one to have no work
down but this is hotels on a hill
oh so they come on upstairs I think
people actually have a window
oh good good look like that's kind of
dungeon Lake yeah we just walking
aimlessly um maybe we were walking the
wrong way to begin with because we can't
read fine thank you guys we miss Paroo
like twice it's too busy filming we were
so concerned about getting you the
updated information all the time and
keeping you informed that we missed our
room Hey look at there's a Keurig in
here yes you didn't need comfortable and
PSU guys they were like people behind us
sometimes all you can eat damn you mine
is getting a nervous all right first of
all I don't like filming myself to begin
with and secondly especially when people
are like watching me walk down a hole
this is my blogging's hard people
walking down a hall carrying a camera we
don't give our kids no crap we don't
give ourselves they don't care
yeah I'm like this is really awkward
that's people behind me and I hold it a
camera so like we totally just passed
the room we do this this is all for you
guys I hope you've been enjoying these
parents parentals don't worry don't
worry the torture is almost over it's
all most of the girls in the back be
back tomorrow and you can see their cute
little faces is their view so it's not
totally dungeon no that's a good deal I
think that's the pool right there
it's a slob this is not the same hotel
it is the same hotel no there was an
indoor pool unless I have two kids you
leaves you'll hear okay why don't we go
to your door fool because I think it was
um late well remember it was really hot
yeah I think Hayley will do the indoor
one or maybe always you guys remember we
apparently we stayed here last year I do
remember an indoor pool and I can take
it to it because never we were doing our
workout last year remember we didn't
work out we film ability' miss Dillon I
have lots of bike ventures we worked out
for a hot second and then we tried to
Vanessa and everybody knows
that went up I know dude I don't know we
never in the know boot she is out of her
boot she's been found a while I'm not
gonna ride horses you know how I am a
horses they're good for me so I'm not
sure what's gonna be fixed oh my
goodness you guys chess yeah they want
my chestnuts my baby yes well we could
swim and I actually think that's gonna
be our next thing you ready just some
button room to swim
all right right spot I'm gonna put one
of those little caps that has a little
like you know this little like a better
oh is that a fan from okay remember the
olden day older days I shouldn't say
that out loud when they used to have
synchronized swimming
yeah what was the famous lady these yes
and they would wear those caps and they
had like like little flowers we need
those we need that if we did swimming we
would wear those would be styling I mean
oh yes we'd have to wear those now we
really have to wear those could be just
said easier than our little hotel tour
all right cute little beds I still don't
know if this I'm not convinced this with
the same hotel but this is similar you
can prove that swimming pool but you
have to prove why we would opt to go
indoors versus out than outdoors I do
believe this is a motel I'm just I don't
you good baby it was late here's the
bathroom sounds cute guys what is this a
outdoor pool no directions to an end or
plan we're going up I'm telling I think
we were up and we weaved in and out
that's why this down here doesn't go
you're not already standing in an
Internet indoor pool okay second floor
and then we weaved I do remember Jimmy
do me why is there an outdoor pool and
we weren't anything to go to it hallee
time like I Bailey because she's not
oh she's not watching don't watch it
lobby Haley there it is ladies and
gentlemen miss Jill is right this is
definitely where we stayed this is it
Haley's way I'm here it was a lot was a
table it was a table in that corner yes
that's where my days tini remember yeah
let's check it out oh oh no it's go
screaming oh my gosh it's still steamy
oh yeah I love walking in here and the
camera had teamed up yes guys memories
ah that's a song about that hey friends
okay miss Jill are you ready to do a
question today Tony okay guys what's up
listen
well I'm gonna give you you know the
question is cuz you thought of it oh I
also good she didn't want to did not
take credit I owe anything so indoor
outdoor pool it's gonna be our question
of the day to day out purple Oh totally
I'll go for me too me too
yeah except for when I was a kid I think
I was an indoor pool kinda kid because
Lily always thought about hotels and you
could always swim no matter well that's
true that is that is pleasant to know
like it's always like there yeah burner
if you need a pool you can go indoor but
I but not all hotels have them right I
would choose outdoor wouldn't given the
chance
I eat jelly but I will take this poop
this hotel has to I know what choices
choices are good so that's it guys we're
gonna see the girls tomorrow we can't
wait to see Haley's reaction that's
gonna be fun so stay tuned it's gonna be
a big day we've missed them yes I think
they've learned a lot I think they have
to I think I've got a lot out of this we
think I met other people that was Mike's
goal for Katie's to meet other really I
like that goal I think they met a ton of
people yeah I hope they've hung out with
those people and yes apparently Katie
said it when they're in practice groups
that some of the team members are with
some of the some of arsenic in you oh I
like that idea
of tasks we'll ask them yeah remind us
to ask them out tomorrow bye see you
tomorrow bye toodles
always remember to celebrate life
baked potato baked potato
thanks for watching
Vitaliy
