what are we doing today Annie Annie
sorry sorry um what are you playing
really cool game hold on my finish you
know there's like little coloring yeah
that we do doing doing um you know this
little coloring box that we do yeah
like you know how like they're at
coloring pages yeah well this one's 3d
so look look oh and what you can see
look you can see me making it you ready
see you watch it's like a maybe oh
that's cool right 3d why is that cool
it's just really doing it but I thought
you guys always play those games but you
guys what it's different because 2d 3d
oh the other one you guys played wasn't
reading more DS no I'm just saying I
thought they always played that game but
the one you've always been blown no this
is different
yeah it is possible this is 3d and the
other ones we're not all right other one
was I Oh
Knox my bad sorry yeah sure you can turn
a little object oh you played it too you
played it I told you it's like the new
late to the game
no you're late to the game you know I'm
late to the game well I'm really late to
the game cuz I thought you're already
playing I'll show you look let's do
let's go wait here so that's the one
that I'm doing oh it's then I mean yeah
you can save your stuff so you do it'll
moji I think so you turn to you and then
with two fingers you move it around and
then zoom in oh and I'm gonna go to one
which is already so the hood would thank
you okay so you can draw you can drive
okay boom you just kind of drag it move
with two fingers oh this is really
relaxing get addicted to I'm not even
mom I can put on my phone yeah all right
I'll get in a sec oh it's nice right
yeah okay I'm gonna try it so you can
like so you were I mean hold okay and
then when you're done with a number it
gives a little chicken yeah just little
checkmark down here when you're done
with the number it's cool so like you
know and you have completed it it's so
well you can move it around two fingers
too and then you can what and they add
new ones all the time yeah like every
day like how many are there right now
too many to count
and then they add new ones and they can
be hard or easy what's this one is this
a they go be an easy one and then they
have like more complex ones too if you
send a picture of yourself yeah it will
like bibble send your picture back and
you can do it I'll be like color it ya
know they might okay they might pick a
big picture pick a picture of you
I mean hats yeah and then they say you
submit it and they may pick 10 color
your skull how cool is that like calling
yourself in 3d so I get a checkmark
that's so cute I think I'm kind of like
don't 100 - okay and I'm really slow is
it easy or hardly it's kind of so I feel
like some of them would be um easy as a
little hard because I've never done a
hard one yet because I'm kind of really
scary scared I know y'all are having fun
but I gotta get my day started cuz I'm
doing laundry and I'm pretty much gonna
do laundry all day there look you've to
go they're probably not gonna get up
today now you have to go under the
hearts under but I'm going to have to
pull them away from it so you're not
even listening to me
oh that's typical when they find it if
you get your phone hit when they find a
game they love I get ignored
it's called voxel 3d color it's on the
door yes it's free free download what
all right let's get ready I can live
this good morning um pretty much all we
did to gate today was school so kind of
took the morning off so yeah cleaning a
little bit right now calling up to see
what Haley's doing it I don't think
she's finished Glee so I'm gonna be
organizing my closet I feel like I say
that every day but I need to so see what
I can do with that Haley is done school
and yeah that's it
I've got some clothes I'm gonna put away
now I'm gonna go why I'm like literally
our house is like an organized mess you
know you ever have that it's like messy
but like you know exactly where
everything is but it's in a mess you
know what I mean no okay well here you
go you get to see me clean up my vanity
and what it's called I don't do any of
that except for mascara a little
concealer yeah okay so see if I can
clean this up
Lichter
is not work probably out of whatever it
takes I really don't know what it takes
and I was trying to like know I was
doing that wait let me try again
guys I recommend this candle it's
amazing
I need to upload my 50 facts about me
because that's one of my 50 facts and
then you have the one you just your vlog
I got it what what is she doing here
what hey so I'm gonna put the mirror
back a little bit this sign here my
lighter their sign question of the day
from last night that they're my fans
last thing from Christmas that I made
guys I'm on the floor I'm gonna know why
that well okay
my mom got gave me a belt that's hers
and yeah so look at my workout area
that's a mess but yeah wait right there
there's like three pounds I've got like
a book my clothes another basket of
clothes a towel oh it's a mess so I need
to take my hair I was thinking about
straightening my hair like this because
like you so I hate you because you make
this huge mess before I get play I know
so we're just good luck we're gonna
clean and yeah
my messy room that I got the new shoes I
got to choose they're pretty cool
they're pretty cool okay oh no guys guys
you're not ready or not so kind of mid a
little bit little tiny bit okay okay
well okay um watching youtubers while
having a messy thing and I kind of got
distracted by your watching youtube help
for me okay we're gonna do a quick
little cleaning changed my shirts and my
pants
yes I did yeah let's get into this
cleaning thing it's a normal closet
everything's gonna be fine
see these old shoes then you see my
toilets my bathroom you can't really see
is there a blind
I need to get to my trash here so it
opened you know okay
gets me no one gets me I'll come back
come back
I think I'm done with what I got from
stores stores but oh no dang it one more
thing
this well wait I gotta show this this is
one of my favorite shirt it's blue and
red just plain shirts right here
clean shirt I've been liking striped
shirts just oh in the yellow one
well that's all my clothes that I bought
here still have two guys I still have to
do this I think I'm gonna go I think I'm
gonna I'll paint you later because this
is gonna take a long time and I still
have to do can't get motivated actually
I did a lot of laundry today but that's
all I've done she wants me to go outside
and that freezing cold weather right
there and take an Instagram picture of
her now I sound mean but it's cold
fine I'll do it that hurry up cuz the
Sun is going down
I gotta get motivated to get up in
between loads is when I get up and then
I come and sit down here
like oh do guys I did more than just
laundry all day I cleaned out my closet
now I feel better about myself just feel
like this is day three of being home I
mean I got we got home early on had her
day yeah early on Saturday we had all
day yesterday all day today and the
sun's going down
we've literally done nothing for three
days I hope that was good break for you
messed you up on what what game what are
you playing
what are you playing
what are you playing what are you
playing
okay guys this is how to annoy your 13
year old take notes parents okay okay
truce truce that was some good exercise
sorry it's so dark in here
all right you guys um we've got a
sleeping dog picture for y'all but it's
too late now
it's not too late no it's not yes okay
you failed on your plan of the day
because you were supposed to do a haul
on the stuff you bought yesterday or we
bought yesterday and then you were
supposed to get dressed and we're gonna
go have a little photo shoot but the Sun
went down and it got cold did you do a
haul no you didn't and you know what I
don't feel bad for having another lazy
day I did for a second but I'm not gonna
feel bad cuz I've done a lot here but
now it's dinner time and now I'm feeling
even lazier cuz I don't want to get up
and fix dinner cuz I want to eat mac and
cheese no I'm not because I gained so
much weight in the past however long and
I said when we get back from like a
Jacob tour and all the rock your hair
tours that we're gonna start eating
healthier but I decided just to do it
now so it goes in spurts Oh
we go back and forth like not that we
eat it's like extremely unhealthy it's
just that we eat out a lot because it's
just how we do it no one wants to cook
dinner after like nine and a half hours
on being set on set so anyways that was
some good rambling right there things
are getting crazy things are getting
crazy we got a little game of
follow-the-leader going on because what
else you do and you haven't been
anywhere in three days and they don't
they they don't want to go anywhere so
this is how they're like getting all
their energy out you give up
Piper's like this is a game of
follow-the-leader that even I could play
just sit on the couch like vapor crying
shaking oh she's crying knee to the edge
of the jeez I'm fine tomorrow I'm gonna
straighten my hair and I'm gonna do Hall
does that mean you know that you didn't
do today
maybe they didn't miss it
maybe they saw the notification you
shouldn't do it during school though not
during your school and you can do school
whenever but you know what I mean
people are gonna be like he is so
disappointed in you you should be mad at
her face is like attack me so the dogs
aren't allowed on the couch we cuddled
with them the first day and now we got
to teach them not allowed on the couch
anymore so these two have been on the
couch a lot so and Danny wanted them on
the couch but daddy made them get off
and now we're like let's get his little
dog in total
we'll always love food same girl why
didn't we go somewhere today so we could
like get rid of some of this energy the
bunny's out somewhere - I'm not sure
where she is
a little paws are like just put me down
is its perks on is it remove to the
music or mood to the rhythm cuz ya'll
are saying different things I promise
things are gonna get back to normal soon
we won't be so crazy well I'm not
remind you of no no I mean you know I
know
thank you for concern GG thank you for
your time okay I'm saving everybody's
ears
we'll see you later what's up everyone
I'm gonna go have a bite like the
littlest tiniest bite so put your with
time that's a big bite I literally took
like light here I'll eat it and I'll
give you de les okay would you rather
take a hot shower or a hot hot shower or
soaking about or soak in a bubble bath
to be honest it really depends on my day
normally cuz I'm normally in a rush in
the morning I would take a hot shower
but I haven't taken a bubble bath in a
while but it's always nice to just like
being a book buff so I would take would
rather take a long hot shower or a warm
or a soak in a bubble bath
bye guys see you tomorrow remember to
celebrate life
babe I thanks for watching
Britt Ailey
