hi for me that's right it is not even
4:00 in the morning it is time to head
out of this hotel room and go to camp
plane ride car ride camp good morning
bless you gonna be one of those days
okay I got to drag these girls out of
this room 3:30 came really early this
morning even for me and we went to bed
fairly early 10:30 last night okay Haley
there we go
stretch it out oh here we got a flower
on there overdrive luckily they gave it
to she gave it to me but I pass it on to
hey hey all right guys here we go we
have checked in we've got to go are we
missing a boarding pass no there's four
there isn't there like there's four
there anyways we are gonna get on this
plane we are gonna get home and we are
gonna get this adventure don't none of
that none of that none of that you make
me sleepy when you do that we're gonna
continue this adventure we call life
here we are back at home for 20 seconds
well probably 20 minutes miss Jill and
Katie are already here there's that car
I see them right there we're gonna do a
little swap adiru
hey swap a tearoom and then get in their
car and head to Woodward yeah yeah we
all slept the whole time on the flight
she's grabbing Katie's grub and she's
eating grubbing it's my thing yay all
right we did fires great it was great it
was hot though huh it was probably the
hottest well just as hot as last time we
went in July oh yeah yeah just as hot
yeah Oh girls how excited are you yeah
are you you don't look very excited you
don't look your excitement does not
matters I'm gonna need you to fix it
Haley's excitement's matching we are all
switched over there it is and he's like
stuck in the car look at this I know
that Haley is going to be in good hands
with you I was a little worried about
the hands that Annie would Annie pan I
don't think Annie's gonna pay much
attention to her sister I mean she's not
paying attention us right now this is
everything we've got Katie stuff is
somewhere piled in there but we've kind
of overtaking it Duff one on our journey
videos are soaking Oh Annie's little
videos on Instagram they're reminiscing
you guys go look at Annie
Oh an easel Oh are you sweating
Instagram I'm gonna sing first stop yeah
you're sweating okay so we're going in
the little soda cave I need last year oh
my gosh guys
oh my gosh really everything go I'm in
Iran under that just my glass to you you
don't had a jacket on and there's me the
harmonizing I knew you're gonna do that
so I've been recording for about 20
seconds
the glass shatters right or that were
the harmonizing warthogs so if you guys
just wanna check that out on Ivan what
are our our Nicole our local no modern
it's you know top song like our it's our
yeah our single guys wanna go check that
out
for the harmonizing were dogs and don't
go on desert that's the number two
oh so we've got uh-oh
alright ladies and gentlemen I know you
were disappointed that those are not
truly available yet but hold tight maybe
one day I think you're really gonna be
scouted out for sure oh wow
two minutes they were getting nerve
nervous nerves sided so nine point four
miles we are four minutes out and now
three minutes
nono stuff for ya I don't know still
forehand we're just kind of relaxing my
back is really sweaty Oh hmm
thanks for that detail yeah go hello a
day before cam oh yeah look at the red
cabin once-in-a-lifetime scene here we
go guys just gotta go yeah so we're here
inside
registrations the first is where coach
married a suburban oh okay right in the
center Hayley and Avery will can take
good care of you Chris Avery's out on
top
awesome we're gonna go get your stuff in
a second and then we'll set your bed up
okay okay it's office last year oh is it
happen definitely Hey
I'll be in here Haley oh she's in front
of me all right let's check it out hi hi
adorable we round it nice you can look
at you can look at Katie's cute face
yeah all right there it is to approve
her list which Mary always writes a lift
yeah we are in the cabin have you got
very loud your way I have a ladder I'm
in the middle I'm in the middle of the
night yeah
so yeah that's what Margaret
I hope you're just warming up
you
oh she's gonna do a front hip circle
shoot my phone up from there pick a card
come on cigars and this is German I
ain't know what I mean right she muscles
that up for her chin
you
you
saw that front hip circle you had to use
those muscles huh
your ultram tested yeah did you test
level 9 are you gonna be training with
those nines okay Oh fun
you
okay so Annie got a checkmark for her
toe shoot took her a few tries but she
got it snagged on the floor all right
Hailey's done apparently so I'm gonna go
watch you yeah
hers was quick moving on to training or
trip not training testing guys
you
alleges you more I'll test text me and
FaceTime me and get some footage on your
phone and miss Kim's calling you alright
guys there she goes so the plan is is
they're gonna film hopefully a little
bit on their phones but there will be no
way to get me footage you get to see
Billy and I well I clean up the house
it's like so good I love you too have
fun
get me a little caught in every night
okay I will I will answer every night
daddy on the phone - yeah hope we'll
call ya caught red tell Katie you know I
need the cabin person to remind
everybody go outside and call it so
they're gonna be a camp I gotta go find
Haley to say goodbye to her she's off
swimming hi Andy Tobin and you guys are
gonna see me and Billy clean up the
house stay tuned it's gonna be really
exciting I promise you guys all right
I'll watch him for a second how many do
I have four all right so Haley's found
her place to be
I think Haley's gonna have a lot of fun
this week you guys I'm alright guys it's
time to say goodbye to Haley me a big
give me a big wet hug okay not really a
big one there's a little one hey where's
your towel you did bring one okay have
fun do you know all the rules to camp
you sure
are you gonna have fun good not the
number one rule yeah are you gonna be
careful you gonna stay with your buddy
yeah are you gonna practice some great
gymnastics okay I love you
yes good and be safe okay see you later
alligator
there goes except old us me
connecting
come on
well guys it may not work
this has to work I don't want to just
texture the whole time
it's very sad
alright guys we're gonna go back and
save them unavailable
alright we'll keep trying later got you
soon I'm gonna Sparta George I know no
kids that take the gym oh you actually
go girls
Oh girls hi Pepe hi oh I missed you come
on bye
come on hey I'm gonna need you guys to
help me spark joy I got to hold you in
my hand and find out if you spark joy
we're reading about a book don't look at
us like we're crazy that's just me the
art the magic of tidying up is what we
were reading and you have to put all
your items in your hand and hold them
and say does this object spark joy so
I'm starting with you Winnie and when
ain't you do spark joy because you make
me laugh every day so that's an easy yes
yeah we read a book all the way home it
was hilarious I was reading to Jill cuz
the podcast wouldn't work ooh more
bratayley leotards we got some different
sizes now you guys checking them all out
picking sure the sizes are good these
are Haylie sizes we got
she's child small she a child small we
got wonderful all right okay I'll talk
to you just text me when you get done
okay
okay love you too bye
okay so um Katie's in bed the girls
sound like they're getting their pajamas
on and they're going to bed so
everybody's asleep of me and it's time
for the question of the day
the girls won't be doing it and Jenny
won't be doing it but I will so the
question of the day is have you ever
been to camp and if you have been to
camp what camp was it like what was it
for um I don't remember ever going to
camp when I was little at all
so I mean I remember a campaign but not
going to any kind of like long camp like
that so obviously I mean Hayley Obinna
Woodward and so yeah don't forget to
comment down below cuz we want to know
the question the day is have you ever
been to camp by always remember to
celebrate life ah babe
thanks for watching Vitaly
