time for me hey friends who's ready for
another adventure
I'm in no it's not a road trip or get
not another plane guys so here's the
scoop we're going on a plane to Florida
whoo
so we're packed for that we're also
packed for Woodward everything we packed
last night is now loaded up in the car
hey we're back for Woodward because it's
only one day that we're staying there
tonight
yes that one fun burn and we right let
me get home we're straight going to wood
but we're driving to Woodward are you
going home getting off the plane going
to Woodward okay so the reason we're
going to Florida first though is who
wants to make that announcement we're
gone Florida for the make-a-wish mmm as
a foundation yep we are gonna meet up
with somebody whose wish was to meet uh
we're gonna meet her and her family and
we're gonna spend some time with them
together and then we're gonna fly home
Haley and I are traveling light today no
bags
that's it guys that's all the bags we
have that makes two nights and two days
glad that will fall me have two nights
and Internet one day and movie you guys
would be wearing dirty clothes which
were toast
I took probably the lightest we've ever
done it yeah here we go back home our
home away from home is the airport I
know who we know well that's typical
daily orde-lees ever have to carry
anything we're usually pushing four bags
together
do you guys feel like you live at the
airport feel that yep great idea that's
a really good idea we're gonna see how
we won't tell you anything okay no we'll
see if you can make it alright so she is
putting our confirmation number we're
helping her remember the confirmation
number but she's doing it by herself see
if they know how to do this by
themselves
oh that's a nice um state championship
number
does she remember it we gave it to her
on the shuttle okay you're gonna find
out if it's right all by themselves you
guys are going to get us to our gate
this is step one when you didn't print
your boarding pass at home like we
didn't are you sure that's out all
everything's right because you don't
want to put us on the wrong plane we're
leaving from where we're going to write
to Orlando okay
we all need boarding passes even me oh
yeah don't forget Haley's she need to go
to the next page what she's seen this a
couple times alright that's done what is
next what's the next step where do we go
we go eat but words we really hate we go
to the gate but how do we get to the
gate yeah we go to security hang on a
leeway for us alright lead the way
oh hey one all right guys you're going
to show us which one to go in though
which security line following a knee
following Haley does it scary you guys
remember behind
do they know where we're going are they
going to get us lost alright they found
the right line but here's a pointer for
you you have to make sure that normally
when you get dropped off on a shuttle
and you like Southwest it's going to be
in this concourse but sometimes there's
other con courses okay we are
successfully through security and now
the girls are going to figure out where
to go
I think they figured it out pretty
quickly
that was an easy one but still I'm
impressed that they know where to go
very good girl
the very next you need to go see if the
flight is on time so you got to go find
the computer screen
on time minutes we're at the right gate
does it say Orlando up there so say
Orlando up there
what does it leave you check when you
get here that's what she's just doing
her we did it on time and the gate this
is to Orlando so we're did good every
five I'm impressed
no that was an easy one today but you
did good
well have tits doing we have a layup oh
yeah layover will be fun when you got to
get the next flight we don't have a
layover today you sleepy already wake up
push me push me
alright we ready yeah what if I break my
hand
or I'll film you
don't break my hand
okay feel like it's going to break it
the luggage company's going to see this
video I'm doing
yeah we're not fixing your handle this
handle already broke but it has a
guarantee so they fixed it but that time
we were not putting human beings on it
so it legit broke
what are you doing
looking at all your pictures oh yeah
that was a cool eh
Annie's going through all her pictures
are you deleting are you just looking
leading
are you talking them
the piping
what makes you decide to delete one
you have to one victory
and 300
jihad
for forgiveness
the fun game you guys
entertain like I am
what involve
ticket to a dancing weekend so we sure
like community
shipping to share the camera and I but
everything else it starts being ugly
so they have a plan and they turn it
into
and also what
salata TVs come on baby
are boring
like hair
pay me that horse is not gonna be
okay there's for shopping and I think
it's too soon what hailey
what thing
it turns out well right now none
so basically you hear that the plan is
to not do much of anything get to the
hotel
you're stretching out the Viterbo and
then we're gonna how long they're maybe
a super fun day but it's going to be a
long day because Disney's thee days are
always long bass
do you guys ever he is overlooked of the
cloud do what you can see in the
Sheffield you to developer that looks
like a bunny almost
well looks like a turtle I guess more
like a turtle yeah
the one in front of it does look like a
turtle actually oh my god should I save
that for the question that but the pool
is a support base like a husky white one
looks like a cloud looks like a
marshmallow
okay well looks like a poem real
original guys one looks like it
it's like a crab with a short claw on
the other side yeah I know well that one
looks like a tree oh wait now looks like
a half star really Acosta
huh
I don't know until you tell me what you
want a video out no I did you make water
stuntin I can put a link in the ocean
they can do it on Instagram just tag the
noises you make all stretching hashtag
that Naja yeah we might be stuck with
that hashtag stretching noises let's
chattering over another half large
stretches goody I don't think I'm good
that's what she just made that sound
like Laffy Taffy all right guys and
crush you during the hotel to impression
maybe not hey tree the tree message
the tree this is a mystery
this is a tank fired justify and of a
weakling johnny-boy weeping a winter
coat I get to an opinion and if we be
well of this know every me I'm not not
creepy we do not know every willow it's
a wicked cool
she didn't say great idea she was a
graceful and no that wasn't right I know
it wasn't you're right
can you am never graceful oh thank you
he wished it is not the happiest place
on the earth when you're pushing okay
very princess-like you guys it's very
princess-like cuz I mean it is the Grand
Floridian ah in Disney where Cinderella
Cinderella we fighting over the bed is
too bad no thunder well then why are
there yeah and a beautiful view of the
street right here guys we love hotels
with baths not no like cuz Hayley's hair
is not easy to do in the shower so it's
better that she takes a bath nailed it
alright that's the tour hope you enjoyed
this edition of bratayley hotel tours
yeah that's a day bed alright
yeah you guys can share it yeah or one
night you get bit in the next night
that's for you right remember when I
said food I was serious so we dragged
the kids out of the hotel they wanted to
stay in the hotel and eat daddy and I
made the final decision we're like no
you will get out of that hotel room and
you will have fun
I'm gonna pour pour shoot as like a
coffee shift force you to have fun I
think they're just tired
so immediately gonna go back and get
ready for bed do all that jazz and sleep
comfort I heard what do you do when you
bring your tired throw a party
hey little party anywhere break it down
a li rickets in a book what freaking
that was my best
beatboxing I know I failed but that's
okay because you love me anyway excuse
me little lady
alright we've ordered some mussels
Hailey's favorite I don't know if she'll
share with any of the rest of us but
it's gonna be a good night I know those
old pork Oh what is it what does Ariel
call it a duck what seems to be so
concentrated on the kids menu doesn't
she call it like a duffel a duffel
singer or something that Ariel spork her
fork or a thingamajig I thought she
called it something I mean I'm making
stuff up what'd she call her fork
thought she combed her hair with
guys silly me
she calls it a dinglehopper at least I
wasn't way off doppelganger and you are
correct with the doppelganger a
doppelganger means
so yeah dinglehopper uh okay I thought I
like completely made something up right
there hey I don't want to see the back
here Hin I want to see your foot no I
meant your foot I wanted to see your
reaction and I got a good one
I got it you're like what it won't get
one for the show oh there's your shell
mention it to you you can use your hands
because enemy no suffering - ha ha oh
good you're gonna get some hot tail
towel so you can use your little finger
service in the house yes we do our
waiters name is Sergio and he is
fantastic guys we're at um I don't have
to say it guys that's where we are in
our cozies ok that's where we're eating
then here are the yummy yummy muffles
well I don't think they're that yummy
I don't like mussels but they do
but
I tried a muscle when we were with Paige
back in Santa Monica about a year ago or
so
there it is Haley use your fork
use your dinglehopper gosh so much
better with a dinglehopper
alright we've got some cool Mickey
straws four to be exact
who doesn't love for straws drinking
outta first relax this is my ID oh
that's what I did
it looked purple and like watch 35 out
too bad watch the blue one probably
watch the blood no no what
Oh watch the blue one I'm hers yeah yeah
okay so we are walking back to our hotel
room our building there slowly you'll
nail it yeah she's very excited that her
key is um so the question of the day is
the same one we said earlier about when
we were driving and we said the cloud
what's the coolest thing you've ever
seen in the clouds like the shape what
do you think mine was a little tiny
house you saw helps
yeah what about you huh would you see it
favorite or your coolest shape hmm in
the clouds a bicycle bicycle I don't
know I saw that turtle today that was
pretty cool I'm gonna go with that
I saw a cherry at one time a cherry like
with a stem Oh a cherry as a horse
without buggy behind it alright then
guys it's about what time mutant ate
something rolling get in that day cuz
these girls are going to bed have a long
day planned we'll see you tomorrow we
are super excited tomorrow to make a
little girl's wish come true that's
we're kind of honored and it's gonna be
an amazing opportunity yes can't wait to
meet her and her family and we'll see
you tomorrow
hey guys hey baby always remember to
celebrate life
database database thanks for watching
Vitaliy
