time for me
hey guys good morning I just found out
that Haley was still asleep after I've
had a four-hour practice so this is the
first time we film and it's well 46
like who sleeps that way she's never at
least now never now came to get here I
came a little early
um and
we did beam and we did Bors
Ben
just did some around awesome to put
hands wearing so like we get this note
and bars we did overshoot stove at
yesterday we design of them but where we
went
is first going to I hop and like on the
door the thing was a seven like how cool
was that
and then we're where to be a winter's
bench after that and we play well I ran
around the bend
benches no benches there are all these
are monitored on O faces not yeah they
put up little bench I'm a memorial bench
and the reason we went to IHOP is
because that's where we went for a
birthday last year
it was good guy
um hey what if we do then we went to
dinner then we went to dinner at Texas
Roadhouse favorite his favorite restroom
this that's like usually always a
birthday dinner ik or the melting pot
house we're open but I only three rolled
last time
man everybody camo from yet take and I
went on lively
with anyone so on
well how many people were on now if you
like seventeen twenty thousand and I was
like there for like two sorry we didn't
know if it we just realized it just like
I would like to say can't even carry a
tie between any film ways of you know I
wish like it would say you know so you
can rewatch it yeah you probably have to
save somewhere
so was a good day okay
and of course today is like the most
beautiful day there was summer and
yesterday it was like storming thanks
Caleb
and today we got to get some stuff may I
start packing for Woodward do in
Woodward its mustache monday twins twin
to z
Woodward Wednesday teen Thursday and
superhero Friday and team Thursday is
like I've wear as much coral as I can
the whole
you know um and
one more thing to say oh and mommy's
gonna be like staying in the hood in the
hotel so she can come and film us Oh
for part of the time I don't know
Wednesday she's not gonna be like
following us around I don't knock her
parent he'll have to figure out
something I don't know what we're
getting maybe you could give me one
camera yeah it's a clue I was thinking
about no promises I was coming about
really and a camp I know I don't know
how we're gonna do it guys we're gonna
figure it out and there might not be
videos or there might know there's gonna
be a video but it might just be like
really boring because they're in it oh
sorry Bella we're gonna figure it out I
don't I don't know well might be like a
three-minute video or like review
another 30 30 better now 30 second video
and I'm not like pretty much of nothing
or just nothing so I'm trying to figure
that out so stay tuned
look at this giant dog Antigone I want
to go with strawberry what are you
packing for Woodward and which one of
you little girls is going to Woodward
well mommy's going well watch you little
girl
Oh Carl little tiny girl in the couch
are you going to Edward so Haley did you
decide whether you wanted to stay with
Annie or and her friends or did you want
to say what your friends and owner or
she said hmm are you guys gonna miss me
Annie are you sure that's gonna work for
a pillow
yes look guys this is the pie last dirty
clothes don't pay attention to that but
this is the pile we've started so far we
got a lot more to do a lot more to do so
do it how did I get here oh yeah here's
another pile over there
Haley oh my goodness can you please
finish packing can you please take a nap
okay but yeah I wonder if this'll scare
Gigi her nope she's not scared is Winnie
outside Lydia when he's knocking on the
door very much
Winnie its yeah well she was scratching
she gets that from you okay guys we are
makin some bags to put our clothes in so
not our clothes the girl's clothes so
we're writing the days of the week but
they're gonna be damp and then we're
gonna put everything they'll need for
that day from the Leo to their outfit
we'll roll it up and we'll put it in
there and that way that it keeps their
cubbies very neat when they're at camp
so they can find things so that is what
we're doing we're actually really
getting busy packing now all right okay
got our piles got our baggies so start
with sunday sunday is the first day what
day are you on over there Thursday
no it's Sundays your first day how do I
just get off no did you write asunder
yeah I did softball oh yeah but there
will be a Saturday but you need a Sunday
too
all right go get a Sunday
what oh no we are falling apart
Winnie why don't you help us like I know
sleeping bags camp so fun guys how every
no to me that she decorates Sunday haha
alright guys this is how it works on
Sunday she's already gonna be wearing
clothes yes so she's just gonna put a
Leo in here your son daily other see we
got Sunday Monday Tuesday Wednesday
Thursday Friday Saturday huh and every
day we have a whole outfit and a Leo and
it goes in the bag when game no mustache
Monday mmm all right that's how we're
doing it you guys then we're gonna get
all organized then we're gonna put it in
bags and they're gonna have two
different piles of all of Annie stuff
and all of Haley's stuff I've got
flip-flops and tennis shoes and boots
for horseback riding bathing suits I
washed it hey we might not need to take
four bathing suits but all right so
moving on to Monday can you find your
Monday bag Monday Monday we are done
packing well except for our snacks a
stilted or snack so I'll go through mine
so this is just like shoes and extra
stuff my sleeping bag just in case like
for extra comfort and some stuff okay I
know
blanket this is like where all my
clothes are that's what like my shower
stuff hair stuff and face stuff and this
is my pillow hello and then all my
blanket I'm like blinky bear and lamb
okay Hayley has all of her sleeping
stuff um her closer in there
her toiletries my dad the toiletries in
Iowa has fentanyl and her excess in
there but it's the excess extra in there
um so all we've to do is pack that's X
and then we're on we're all packed now
with ate dinner I have this really
really sharp push pop uh-huh it's my
tongue sometimes but the one day I
thought I'm so you know like dog and cat
too like pets well like what pet would
you like a wild animal that's not like
your pet like a giraffe I'd say a tiger
and I get it when it's a little tiny
okay so i'm melina coupe de lis that's
right oh good question today and the
question of the e is um if you could
have a wild fit with it
what would it be mine be as deeper you
know your can easy so yeah I'm gonna
come to know because we will know the
cuesta de if you could have fit that was
a wild one of what would it be
I mean always remember to celebrate life
bake bake bake bake thanks for watching
Vitaliy
