hi guys so this is prerecorded we filmed
this yesterday well two days ago for you
the day before Caleb's birthday tomorrow
is Caleb's birthday and we've decided
that we're not going to film on Caleb's
birthday what we're going to do is
instead celebrate it as a family and we
want to encourage you guys to celebrate
it with your family to spend some time
with you know your mom and dad and
brothers and sisters and so one of the
things we thought would be cool for
today is if you guys went into the
comments section and just commented one
of your favorite Caleb moments for his
birthday so that's pretty much it right
yeah okay see you guys tomorrow to
celebrate life see you guys tomorrow bye
always remember to celebrate life
amazing
baked potato baked potato
thanks for watching
Vitaliy
