time for me good morning guys we waitin
on Annie to get out the door this
morning we were headed to the pool look
at what she's looking for right now as
you're gonna try to get some underwater
footage at the pool and the girls are
gonna do a little workout what are you
looking for I've got it
you handed it to me what you're doing I
don't have a key
I don't have a key guys we are a mess
this morning we're trying to get the
pool fun relaxation and a workout yeah I
hope nothing thank you that would be
great
squeezed into the morning before we go
have to go get hair done by Miss Kim
again coach Kim we call our miss Kim we
are to be called Mary how's Mary a coach
Mary okay anyways I'm getting psychic
they have another round of fashion today
we're going down to the lobby right my
right leg dead what are we done we're
kind of important I Drive and Katie and
maybe some other friend I know for sure
if it's Katie miss Jill but um Artie
we're gonna have some lunch before it's
time to get you guys ready for the
fashion show
yeah I'm always talking ready oh I
like that hurt tequila classify you
didn't bring your jacket no I did not
you are going to be cold tonight I'm
going to be close tonight I'm gonna go
get her dead
yay we were able to meet up with all of
our friends I feel like we haven't seen
anybody since we've been here
there it is we saw a picture of it
that's pretty fine where are you putting
them Annie where are you putting them
that was his favorite no really welcome
and this one I know using some jewelry a
transaction but this one's all the way
down the side so it's not going to itch
she knows you very well
are you looking then I saw my guy and
he's Dutch braids getting better and
better and better like I think he's
actually got it miss Kim has showed us
the way should be the ways but not what
I say what I say and inches feet eat it
don't spray directly on your head guys
we're getting ready for day two with
final day of the fashion on Saturday
we're doing hair Annie
zoom your hair perfect oh it's like a
silhouette oh no I can't get it on if
you want this one that is so good
Annabelle that's perfect yeah and you're
gonna do my hair I may not be able to do
yours this is good this is really good
and we're gonna we're gonna hair tie in
it I could pull it out you can get it
wait did it now we got a Herbie
all right final look Oh alligator we
gotta go gotta go we gotta go we're
gonna be late we have to be there in 30
minutes okay now I get a look Annie went
with the same hairstyle and Haley wanted
her left down but she still got a braid
yes go rock the stage again we ran into
some friends and they are being so nice
and just running along with us since
we're running late nice to meet you guys
that was that was very polite of them
because they could see that we're kind
of running late we're up in the makeup
stuff before the fashion show
and Haley's getting her makeup
Haley's round
you got the makeup done
it's fashion show time and we got Katy
up here with us and the men's Olympic
team for coming out and Katy's a
slightly excited
you
you
strong
all right final night night to eat here
we go
laughter that guy now we just wait we
wait to find out he was going to the
Olympics for the you
they all did so good
Oh
giggles truck
Oh
- I
alright guys just like that
the Olympic Trials are over and June and
daddy made the women's team um yeah so
it's been announced it was kind of loud
in there so let's see we can go by
memory and say who they were Oh Simone
biles Aly Raisman Gabby Douglas Madison
Cowan and Lauren Hernandez and the we
are very happy to announce one of our
favorites by Regan Smith is a
replacement so I was excited about that
so I think I'd I think it's a regular
place what's the same as alternate you
guys correct me in the comments down
below if I'm wrong that if it's called
like an alternate if someone gets hurt
then she would go in their place okay
we're gonna follow you guys - you guys
have got the shirts to advertise you get
a good shot of that get out of my pay
night what we gonna do now Haley's wear
Chanel's great outfits and I want you to
tell them how much you love the
brutalities know by heart it was nice to
meet you
am I gonna make a cry oh I didn't tomato
cry sorry
well we are playing shampoo food but we
don't have spoon so Andrew found some
shampoo oh you guys ready to play a
friendly game of champagne ready we will
explain it we're hanging out in Sean and
Andrews room or ordering room service
hold on okay just okay okay we're gonna
talk I'll be the dealer okay just for
you just to show ya it's just a trial so
yeah like an Olympic child I know making
it super super easy super easy give me
one more any warmer okay okay watch wait
so you take four cards now you should
only have two spoons shampoo bottles out
some are like handling musical chairs
almost okay so
here's a choice yeah I want to get four
of a kind so I have a set in my hand I'm
gonna if I want this card I'm gonna look
I don't want it step off I don't want it
so I put it down kind of get on four and
so this one goes to the pile right are
you guys calling trying to get four are
you trying for the same number two I
like it you because I'm doing so I'm
gonna have someone you don't like Oh
watch what happens when somebody gets
four so I got to wait for it hey no man
whoa you're like three cards that time
here so she got four and what happened
cuz as soon as she gets four and some
and she grabs one in the other ones on
the other one
anybody can grab at that point once you
see somebody else grab okay but music
there's not enough for everybody so the
one who doesn't get it in the like but
you know what is fun is you can kind of
sneak it when no one's paying attention
like you can be flying on it so since I
had four and they're all just going to
be like this anybody's employ in its
faded like well no somebody noticed when
it's good yeah yeah like you like here
we're still playing thinking oh and then
really there's just one set now that we
should've grabbed at the whole time you
have to watch your cards and the bottles
so we have six people there's gonna be
five bottles yeah you have to make sure
there's five up there
snag 1ss you can now we're playing
Spanish we're gonna grab your you want
to drop in thanks Pig okay ready
here we go this how arcs to their
trading hmm that guide don't lie they
pass it over they don't Moody's that's
me I'm not playing oh right I was
fabulous
oh you snag one mm-hmm oh oh oh I'm not
going to luckiest this yeah that's
pretty much it you find out here oh come
on
Oh Jeff yeah we chose we chose one sure
I think we saw the Aces I don't know
Jess and the Kings all cumber what what
would I am you guys you like that game
shampoo I will roll you roll you all
right guys I will play another round but
I think it's time for question of the
day who's got one can you do it anything
you've got a question today what's your
favorite yeah okay I like it got like
you're right okay you want a favor
finger hey your pinky
I like the thumb yeah okay yeah thumbs
are kind of important that's it guys see
you tomorrow to doles always remember to
celebrate life
Beibei thanks for watching Vitaliy
