today this is probably the latest we
have ever had Christmas look at this
beautiful day that we get last raining
and it's supposed to rain all day and
he's trying to sneak under garments okay
so we are about to film a video for
Annie's channel and this is your hint to
what it's themed I'm not gonna tell you
what it seems are you serious also we
got groceries delivered today and she
got muffins so here's some more you guys
comment down below what you think so
this video is themed it's going on
Annie's channel and I did maybe a week
or so I'm not sure so Andy's eaten we
got her up Haley will not get out of the
bed our sleep schedule Annie tell him
your sleep schedule yesterday afternoon
you know um I woke up at 10:00 I was
awake till 7:30 wait all night till 7:30
this morning oh I will half was
listening when you told me that when you
woke up you're up literally all night
Wow
and then you went to sleep at 7:30 and
we just woke him up at 10:30 well
Haley's still not up yet so after we
filmed this video they're gonna be so
excited to hear but we didn't get any
straightening done yesterday I said I
was gonna make them straighten up a
little bit that obviously doesn't happen
we're gonna get the Christmas tree down
that's the plan we'll see if that
actually happens get the Christmas stuff
put away that's like that would be what
I'd like to accomplish today if we can
get like unpacked that would be a bonus
and if we could start organizing that
would be a double bonus but I'd at least
don't think we're gonna get to the
organizational part you think so we got
to get busy this video we're doing is
not gonna take long
well getting ready the getting ready for
the video is going to because I'm just
haven't looked in the mirror yet but I'm
just Kara
right and then I kind of didn't care
last night sounds like it's fine you
didn't wash your face yeah soon as your
belly is full of caffeine yep unhealthy
things oh wait
coffee is as bad as coke is this as a
fact okay so I'm gonna go try to drag
Haley out of the bed I gotta start
getting ready and our I think it's gonna
be a pretty pretty basic day Piper Piper
when he's like wait what what are we
missing when he's officially gonna be on
a diet what she's on a diet but then the
people that watch her they just you know
over love her I do the same I like to
feed my dogs when the vet first told me
like a year ago that they needed to go
on a diet I did not want to listen you
didn't I know but it's all good okay I'm
gonna we're gonna quit the rambling
we'll see you in a little bit probably
after we get this video so I'll see you
then what it's happening it's happening
oh we have a little line well if it's
breakable like that's not Rea Keable but
I've got papers down there you skipped
me you guys it's January 20 something 28
yes January 28 this is the latest oh
yeah I love when they argue about
cleaning anyways this is probably
this is probably the latest we have ever
had Christmas up this is kind of
breakable shouldn't we wrap that one
alright guys I need two hands but I'm
very excited to announce that the
Christmas tree is coming down so still
raining we have not done much except
film that video but that's pretty
productive I've straightened up a little
bit yeah they're ready for the day
you're right you're right I shouldn't
say just cuz this is huge
I straightened up I'm still gonna go a
little bit more gotta get those boxes
gotta get the suit guy just it's just
it's gonna happen guys we're gonna keep
moving today
boos bad it's gotta be unplugged perfect
and now we moved on to grooming the dog
she likes to think of it as petting she
actually probably doesn't care what you
call it
she's just loving it and Annie's gonna
have to change her pants we're thinking
about we're thinking about going to the
mall yeah we've forgotten what it's like
to have Winnie around you cannot wear
black when Winnie's around feeling very
accomplished we've got that down we
needed for the ladder away what no
longer Chris was here but that light it
keeps going off and on look those two
lights are out
ugh can't keep up with everything oh
goodness Piper I was like what are you
doing I've got things to do Annie sat
down to stop by somebody do excuse me
she's like no thank you sit thank you
Piper hardly shed not saying I like
Piper the best because that was our
question of the day yesterday but not us
we didn't get to vote we said what we
love about each dog but we asked him I
was just curious to see what but the
people who watch like anyways that's the
other thing I love about Piper she does
not shed at all so gross though that
we're doing his hair
IG do you turn this was a couple brushes
of Winnie this was a couple of brushes
of Piper
now Annie did more than a couple she did
a couple of strokes but this is a couple
look at the difference we're here this
is Winnie
this is Piper Gigi's will probably be
about like Piper's Fiji
Beverly even not anything so crazy we
got ourselves out of the house get the
crap the hell's going on these are the
only clothes they have not fit you
that's not true you have all the stuff
that we brought home and some of the
stuff in your closet does fit you none
of my foods
I did hear daddy say that you did grow
out of a lot of your clothes and Annie
has grown so we are gonna pick up a few
things and he's like major wait where's
your money
you didn't bring your bag that's when
you look at your father and say daddy
can I borrow money that means that's
what borrowing money is actually I feel
like I will buy some of it because when
you shouldn't have to buy your own whole
wardrobe like I should have to provide
utilities when you're about to get run
over though okay so that's kind of our
rule like when it's like above and
beyond and clothes they have to do it
themselves but you know when they're
growing out of stuff like they shouldn't
have to buy all of their own sidewalk
well none of your jackets but you don't
want to carry them that is exactly why
not where's our cold oh look at you two
like you're on a dinner date
daddy-daughter dinner date with us
starring Hayley and mommy's featuring we
should say feature you guys can be the
stars okay we shopped until we drop we
did really good really well I'm sorry
I'm messing with things over here and no
one's even really listening to my vlog
but that's okay
because this is real life my friends we
are at dinner we're getting some Mexican
food yep we're getting some Mexican wow
I know hold on guys we'll be right back
I the settings on my camera are funky
okay
now we're on auto that makes me feel
better even if you couldn't make it see
a difference I could do you feel like
you're on auto Annie do you feel like
you're on auto same so we are gonna
order some of this delicious food I'm
gonna go with the fajitas chicken
fajitas and some queso what do you think
you're gonna get all right Annie what
you going for oh my bad I didn't know
you wanted food to eat
brush out
okay I'm tired I think we hit all of our
favorite stores let's list some of our
stores we have
there's not a ready melville Mira now we
did top shop in Nordstrom and just
didn't find anything we did journey yeah
we did we didn't get something grabbed
everything I do I didn't get something
from everywhere
Haley got everything up forever 21
that's all she shopped up right oh and I
learned what mom jeans were and she got
two pair of mom jeans I think try
pheromone means they looked actually
really cute on their both planning on
doing a little haul tomorrow
filming over their channels so we'll see
if that works out because Annie also has
to edit her blog that's her place you
got a hole oh you should put it in your
agenda you haven't filled your gin down
to one all right well we're gonna get to
ordering and
continue our night let's get some cool
camera effects going on here
though Haley washed her hair today but I
think she forgot to rinse out the
shampoo completely and then put
conditioner on it so it's like doesn't
get quite crunchy home for the night
what'd you do weirdo
all right thanks we got our memory cards
mixed up today so that's exciting the
memory card that's in the camera right
now
what you doing I mean obviously you're
editing so it's your vlog vlog you've
logged kins no it's not yes
is it really it's usually about what
time we wrap up at night sometimes you
know closer to 10:00 but geez how'd that
happen
- relaxing days in a row tomorrow is
looks good looks pretty good pretty
relaxing look at her look at her look
she's trying to get up here okay so was
I gonna say Oh nope that wasn't it
tomorrow I know what I was gonna say
tomorrow we got school look wait wait
wait look the girls are planning on
doing a haul video that's everything we
go and then they have to do school - oh
we do aunt hailey turn to brush the baby
let her do it she had at first stop
whining and go my goodness okay okay
what is that from some like okay I'm
getting you love me okay I kind of need
that memory
yeah okay well we'll be back later
oh she's got the ball this is so much
good footage really all right okay
question of the day is what's your
biggest dream you've had this dream yes
she is my biggest dream is why no
actually my biggest dream is to go on
tour my biggest dream is to when I'm
older to have a beach house oh and also
um live in the country come on drink
with my husband I don't know how many
kids but kids when the dog IRS's and
three dogs that's my dream in that time
and I also want to live in Europe that
Europe so don't forget to comment below
no question today is what's your biggest
dream bye guys see you tomorrow hey to
celebrate life
my baked potato baby
thanks for watching
Britt Ailee
