attention everyone this is your
principal talk today's back to school
items and financial support are provided
by Walmart and now empty your backpacks
and sharpen your pencils it's time for
the back-to-school duel meet team Batali
everyone loves to watch these wild
bloggers celebrate life meet team hey
Katie the do-it-yourself experts but
first we have to see who from Team
bratayley will survive the two phases of
our elimination wrap will it be Billy
and Haley or Katie and Annie
phase one scavenger hunt each parent
child team has to find these back to
school items inside their classroom the
first team to get all three items zipped
up in their backpacks will win the
advantage for Phase two on your mark get
set go
Oh themes look intense but their items
could be anywhere on the table yeah
Katie and Annie aren't far behind
put those goodies on the desk Billy and
Haley are on the boy first with the
colorful post-its opines have two more
items to go Elmer's glue and Crayola
markers how are they finding this stuff
one more item each who will find it
first Katie and Annie find the pencil
case oh you're here Billy and Haley find
the composition notebook oh now it's all
about who will get their items if tup in
their backpack first it's Katie and
Annie
they are our scavenger hunt winners well
they were faster that time so they're
gonna get a head start but that's it we
got the next part now for Phase two
over dress each adult has to dress their
kids in the school clothes and surprise
items that they find in these Walmart
bags they must do it in order of days of
the week the first team who's wearing
every item in all buy bags will be the
winner because Katie and Annie won the
scavenger hunt they get to put on
Mondays clothes before the race starts
on your mark get set go both Katie and
Millie are experienced competitors they
get their kids dressed for school every
day all these great items can be found
at Walmart calm Sadie and Annie are
already on their Wednesday's wardrobe
while Billy and Hailey are still stuck
on Monday the layers are getting pretty
complicated
Billy's hands are kind of big for that
belt Annie and Katie only have two bags
to go Billy better hurry up last items
for Katie and Andy red rain boots cool
shades in a sweet straw hat Katie and
Annie win again
so for the final round of our
back-to-school duel it will be Katie and
Annie representing Team bratayley but
who will they be facing from Team hey
Kaylee will it be Casey engage or Kaylee
and Braley watch team hey Kaylee's
elimination round and sea will be going
head-to-head with Annie and Katie at
Walmart's back-to-school you'll faint
Walmart for sponsoring the challenges
you saw today head to Walmart for all
the outfits and supplies you saw today
