time for
tutelary stretch it's not where Easter
silly hop Laurie anymore okay
well I'm gonna do my hair oh oh yeah so
anyways real fast um we're going to gym
right now and um um I'm going in 13
that's early to have kind of all private
then did your friend joins and I won't
want to do sometimes
anyways um
yeah
it's like a Monday any time not Monday
but it's like a Monday she's being a
what what's a nudge she doesn't want to
talk to anybody before
Oh Annie didn't want to get up she
didn't know that weekend it was fabulous
leaping in so Katie's here with us to
this morning for a little bit of a
private oh it's my cat
ah she got a cow know that like a beach
cut yeah Oh walking on the rocks I was
like this but we have a kissy picture
Annie's first kiss was Caleb right on
the lips was a cute we're not about baby
pictures trips I'm good
this one you had several days for
handsome you yes no complaining about
hurt hands now they're like my hands are
just saw
yeah that's two in a row right now now
UK is about to well not really about
this about to go issues again okay Jenny
Hardman come on your bun looks amazing I
mean yeah I'm amazing to me is it weird
being at your gym when you're not gonna
do gymnastics I'm pretty sure is gonna
be watching yeah make its nervous what
advice you I could have gone with their
babies impending well she cut out your
advices do whatever Haley would do I
could but I I really good it's creating
finished school sadly so I'm doing some
tests right now I'm on my last day I
just there's so many dead and here's um
so Haley's with Medicaid I to come home
because I do this but after this about a
doof you catch ups and then I'm done so
yeah so you know it's a cool
okay eighty-eight island abide why are
you talking like an old lady
yeah uh-huh
is she doing good on the bars except for
her what okay so apparently of the bars
here only are different than the bars at
my old gym in Texas because I never used
to get like rips or calluses but your
girl in Kate over here got a little tiny
ripping at hearts wait I don't even know
if you can see it I know I'm a wuss but
this hurts I'm not used to this okay
she's gonna pee I know but I did find it
pretty good to cover it up I have one
more question why are you covering those
up I didn't want anyone to be like no
that's wrong one more and you're done
right the product of eight and seven I'm
just kidding
when I finished oh good night cancel
Eddie I'm so ready
oh I think I'm just as relieved as you
now I have to grade it
the last couple days and see if you're
really truly and she's done done with
school fifth grade complete out yay now
you're but you're not done for the night
cuz you guys I packed everybody
suitcases but you guys have got a pack
get back up yeah the dogs turn it up
again
could we film that when the dogs chewed
that table up well round two
um so yeah we've got it we're leaving
for the Olympic Trials tomorrow these
two nuts are going to be in the GK
fashion show so we're going out a little
early to rehearse for that so they have
to pack their carry-ons I bet you your
carry ons
our half pack from the last trip we made
Haley yours might be gonna be light as a
feather I don't even need this bag what
are you gonna bring my purse we're gonna
be traveling light
alright guys I'll check back in probably
like a question of the day but as any
parties on out but what about a blanket
for the plane I'll carry it in my oh
wait no I can't do with my purse better
bring my stuffed animals oh ho that's
close money well part I mean I work
first I don't have that one no it's too
big
someone is excited hey I am we're doing
the question today and the question of
the day is what is your favorite winter
memory Annie yes what is your favorite
and winter memory
winter memory mm-hmm in Texas mmm when
we were throwing snowballs even though
the snowball was really really tiny
because Texas doesn't snow I'm not like
an inch smells like an inch so we like
how kind of snowballs me feels throwing
mm-hmm and nine months Oh medium we're
here no we're at the old house and we we
were all standing on we're holding hands
and we just fell on snow I love that
winter so fun I like buried in my head
in this is ooh oh don't forget to
comment down below cuz we know because
it was cleaned up what is what is your
favorite winter memory hmm I always
remember to celebrate life
baked potato baked potato baby
thanks for watching
Vitaliy
