time for my lazy lazy lazy lazy Sunday
take a look at this sweetness I don't
know why everybody so tired around here
the girls are asleep over at their
cousins house and the dogs are taking a
nap
look at this seriously that's a sweetest
thing I've seen all day when he's like
hey quiet down we're trying to nap okay
you just wanted to check in with you
guys
we're being lazy - yeah then we didn't
film it last night but cuz nobody the
girls weren't here but when he was
flipping out of the class someone sits
and fireworks off and it's not even the
fourth of July and this little dog was
very scared super scared trying to get
in our laps
so bitch yes guys I don't know if
there's gonna be fireworks this fourth
of July cuz it's the post storm tomorrow
night that's gonna be super sad hey guys
that's right now it's one two three four
oh geez I have like rush and go get the
camera it's one two three four so we
woke up and if we woke up at like 11:00
and I'm meeting right now I'm tired from
going to get the camera hmm
you guys should really try frosted
flakes and Captain Crunch together no no
I went to 35
I got the kids back you guys
Oh Mac ha you're ours again you guys
have fun you get Mary Kate's room done
yeah and he's gonna go home and do some
school guys
she's very diverse six more days we
didn't do any yesterday though they
didn't I don't think you did any school
yesterday it was the day before oh all
right let the fun begin
Brenda ha ha so daddy's playing a camera
mmm and I'm going to school and I'm
finishing up like their day and Hayley's
sing a snack Hayley what's on the plate
right then what's right then right right
there is it good mmm good always Danny
does it mean you only have three days
left of school after the cab sets so
three and then a boy makes oh I'm I'm on
67 68 69 70 so four months after the
after you do once I'm seven I'm done
with one I'm almost done respond 66 and
finishing it up
she and I have 167 168 169 anything
higher to the new camera highway are we
filming on this yeah whoa I'll hold it
am i filming myself let you close mm-hmm
is that better
you are in for Taylor what does that
mean really good quality oh well I'm
filming over here but I'm still on yes
it's an action cam so it does a lot
let's see Fri here you go
it does a lot of degrees whoa I'm still
here that's filming that table okay let
me look watch
so it's filming me right watch that
stuff something over there I'm filming
me and then it's still filming me it's
still filming me it's still filming me
still filming me
still for me whoa it's filming us do you
Mathis on the jet ski so you can see
what you're doing and then this is what
hey hey well it's me tell me you guys
see that
whoa but oh I'm there too all right guys
wait
that's really cool like a stuff
there's your dinner
look here's not really didn't tell me he
has my handle sirens
cool let's get on the jetty
you
sadly the jetski camera thing even work
well we're gonna get every little piece
of dead but he's like so like tall
c-block jaws you
yeah oh my gosh I'm not the camera
hogging in there thank you and that's it
no yeah hi he's gonna come in and show
us all right so oh yes put more food in
your mouth that's what they do
oh yeah a little bit come on maybe
where'd you get that boss what what is
that on your napkin
it's a when I was inside the how will
recall that a deviled eggs
yeah double legs that's what Anna does
her cupcakes but the icing
mmm really likes the cake I scraped off
the icing that's what she literally just
send a little bit yeah I always scrape
off the icing this just problem I think
the best part
Oh God so is the camera okay yes it
didn't get the camera guys we're doing
4th of July today because tomorrow is
supposed to rain and when he did not
like the fireworks did you hear about
that no got scared last night there were
fireworks yeah somebody was setting them
off Oh am I here so anyways in our house
when we came over here really we're
cooking out tonight because tomorrow
it's supposed to be yucky so I don't
know if they're gonna be fireworks for
us oh that's cute I shall I should make
it look and you didn't look what are you
looking at that boy don't keel back when
they were cute hey that's not a
blockhead that he used to have I wasn't
so blockage when he was a baby he had
like a square block up ahead and I
didn't know what people were talking
about when they called him a blockhead
and then I looked back at pictures
that's what they were talking about um
so happy fourth of July
only Haley was down here celebrating
with it it's we're celebrating now
because our cookout is right now because
it's gonna rain tomorrow tomorrow it's
like wow I know it poured when we're at
the parade welcome to the 4th of July
Haley somebody give me a Yankee Doodle
we have a very special announcement to
announce tomorrow and the hint is Yankee
Doodle that's your hint so you better
watch tomorrow Wow tomorrow's videos
gonna have a big announcement right wow
that is retaining enough when he has
once again scared of the fireworks but
this time she has chosen to hide in a
suitcase that we are packing for our
trip when it will happen
you scared he's good to Bioworks you go
hide in the suitcase those fireworks
will never find you in the Duchaine 20
happy fourth of July everybody they're
doing fireworks now and we were at the
store and we got home and the fireworks
we're going let's go down but we can't I
see better a posse freeze downstairs
happy fourth of July
drop the bag Haley like literally we
were at the store shopping we got home
and were like watch your step girls
brand new guys come with us come watch
the fireworks with us oh yeah oh my gosh
they're over oh my gosh oh my I'm really
in just know there's still some going on
but not right there we had a great gosh
darn - ruined happy fourth of July
everybody happy 3rd of July let's go hey
I think they heard me was no talking
come can you just do it again one more
just going back home when he won't go
Winnie is out here with us
Winnie as I heard you were scared again
tonight Oh Winnie guys that stinks
we ran and so one firework and then
they're done I saw some behind the trees
there's some more out there but I see
flashlights go that's where they were
setting them off over there I think
they're done one two but it wasn't where
they are they're gonna start when we get
in
not funny you guys do they stop
yeah you guys god bless you and America
hi Bree yes I'm not sure about all that
daddy wait
strong fight oh oh oh my gosh I was
funny bro my life done well I think I
lost my son you're so super skinny when
he's nowhere to be found
all right
I'm glad we got to see it finale hi
there baby stop me we start
oh I was exciting you guys yes yes I can
go in when he's like yes let me in so I
did my room with Nick well Mary Kate and
I did my room today it's like still
messy because I feel you're organizing
it let me turn off the light
no present always done to that one two
three wow you've got to see what the
lights off how do you hang that pens
that heart
yeah with pins with straight guns yeah I
don't know if that started I don't we're
gonna figure corn thing oh honey no but
it looks good watch with the lights off
looks good and all your hang on your
face uh-huh I like it
are you moving this yeah I kept falling
so I just put all the pictures of there
and after to get filled up cool buddy
house ever oh I've got me baby Annie I
got mommy I don't even remember that
picture
I got hailey
it got me on the tube with a very cute
hell I heard that one I got links new
picture Caleb I got that got that got
that got dad I got my first fish on
there and yeah so well I'm turning the
camera on like oh wait first look how
tiny the light bulbs are oh they are
littles anyways so what's the question
today the movie um what your favorite
season we're having a good summer's over
although she's got three more days Alex
summer I like fall
so much integrity with my brand so don't
get to come to looks my oh the Holiday
Inn what's fair season
bye we'll see you tomorrow by the fourth
of July you're not much morrow do always
remember to celebrate like aa potato
baked potato baby
thanks for watching
Vitaliy
