I'm going to reply with Katie mary-kate
coming
and watch you might like stretch Hayley
my um come on Natalie
I mean oh she's not goin campin oh my
bad yeah we after we're going to
yeah I'm in newsreels oh so so much a
whole area you think we should we showed
young for that we're gonna drive your
mom mad everyone has to remind me to
wash my hands
mommy you love bubble days all over my
nails I'm trying to get it off of me hey
Andy don't forget to wash your hands at
the gym at the dresser hands
okay so and you gotta remind you and it
was a big bubble he just went all over
his big all of her face and look out
looking down all right here no I was
like it was like here where I know my
nose was really big your mind is like a
double bunker DoCoMo it's a double boom
what are you doing it now a little
brillant inward bubble oh yeah look we
can't do it
like how do you do that
I'm too picky now
all right go to the press
we're here at the private nanny's Mukund
Herbert Ailey leo
working on some double toe shoots I
believe
hi we're trying to be quiet
mother yes to make the kombucha right
and any mother I need to it like it my
friends talking about kombucha I'm
learning all about Kucha and enzymes and
the farting mother farting on and the
camera isn't really good at opening them
but I don't have the patience to sit
here and go like this a thousand times
like once you open it for the first time
enzymes in there
and but it's a good bacteria you guys
yeah we believe it we believe it farting
monsters many fans are burning
all right we got belts on
carries 50 up quit talk about kombucha
and I say it right cook go kombucha see
it k om d you see AJ kombucha we smell
that it's not like vinegar you guys but
it supposed to be really good for you we
learn all of our healthy stuff from
coach Mary she teaches us now they're
going to do some patent trolls short for
a Pak Salto I believe it's a really
smooth yeah Pak Salto okay that's where
they're going to do some drills for it's
a high bar to low bar release move oh
and I don't believe they need it to
level 10 or maybe elite option and Elite
optional I believe you
there we go yeah they did it again she's
going on this one
oh yeah
that was a bad for the first one thank
goodness it pads there yeah they're
getting good teamwork massage strength
some way niggas make money if we could
make money while other we'd be very
efficient if you can find it that time
to nap yes that was it good and to do
your score yeah and your school if it we
would be good
that was better she's got a better swing
Hanny's turn oh yeah nailed it
we're gonna do some more privates next
week for traveling to the Olympic Trials
yeah this girl these new grips
she has blueprint daddy that garden like
hanging on by the bread guy baby new
grips he let me break them and see how
much why you made it in here how'd you
get in here now she can have them
they're gonna go tell Mary about her she
has no we have a new pair you did we
have a backup pair but she's got to work
them in yeah guys if you ever wanted to
know what the bottom of the pit looks
like so it's bit cleaning so they've got
all the pit walks out they can lean the
bottom a bit cuz I could get pretty
nasty down
turn it up
the circus continues you guys oh my
goodness
okay do you really
don't fall that's good advice
Wow call that a day right practice
complete I have the hands burning Phil
thanks coach Mary that was great
they did need it they've been traveling
so much sorry doll really good um yes so
how's it going
Oh long gone don't fit me a bit Japanese
candy somebody sent us some Japanese
candy oh and we're fighting there's some
fighting going on sis J's I'm not good
these ones sorry if we're offending all
you people who love these Japanese
candies more Americans they didn't like
those but they liked these chocolate
things they're like the things we have
you like the seven goes in coffee and
you like like hey mary-kate they say
these taste really good and they pretty
much just melt in your mouth
oh do that do they melt in your mouth
mm-hmm so they didn't they didn't like
the instru but they liked these that's
really good
okay Haley did you do your makeup let me
do your makeup I whipped it oh yeah it
was not very good
hmm why don't you wearing at the mouth
yeah she was wearing her hoop skirt over
here she's playing dress-up Annie did
two days of school how many left how
many days left you have now I didn't
have five left you didn't have I have a
eight you had eight and I have six
you're doing it you're getting there so
close
green tea Oreos is this still from the
box of Japanese candy pot it is that
like spring pain it's really soft it is
oh that's good why wouldn't I want us
feeling ready no feel like it maybe
they're not good
but they don't like it hallee likes it
I'm waiting for it Billy's comment scale
one to disgusting go on with disgusting
seven Haley likes it he didn't like it
one family there's three more okay this
person said I personally do not like
these however my Japanese friends all
really love them I wonder if you like
them we're gonna find out using a David
who hates you know your mouth hates you
I gave it what are they called Coco one
two three wait then that and the sour oh
that is the weirdest thing ever
yeah nope oh it's like hard I suppose
like ramen noodles LaFrieda ones hmm
mommy are you - great you can have it my
order - great she was I'm not sure she'd
be alert to the good flavor they're like
um did you lick it
no oh my gosh what I guess thank you I
choked on a Gobstopper when I was little
Oh like the car had to be pulled over
and the Heimlich had to be given
serially per story guys oh hey guys so
we're cleaning okay Mary hits room not
like we're moving into it and it looked
so much worse than this so I'll show you
like a time Optima done and attack it is
taking us so long and look how good Mary
Kate is at drawing
she's really sloppy but it's really good
and I'm doing a floor like not doing all
of what I'm doing like this area of the
floor right now and almost done
so yeah it's kind of it's fun because
this is just the hard part next we're
decorating and Matt's good so we're good
to image on what should be twisted pair
up our hair down hair up definitely hair
up and listen
hair up definitely wait okay what is
Christmas hair up or hair down here down
where I was don't forget to come down
below cuz you know crushing the day hair
upper her eyes you tomorrow
