guys it is I don't even know what time's
dick four o'clock on the morning and
we're headed home and I want to be
excited but I'm too tired to be excited
and we're all packed up
we're all coming into this very bold
black and white elevator this this hotel
is pretty cool I have to admit and in
about three hours we're gonna be home
and playing with our doggies they are
home right now miss Paula was watching
them this last couple of days so I'm
gonna get the camera out of these Swit
sleepy girls faces and we're gonna head
to the airport
good morning that's good to stay started
we're moving kind of quietly and slowly
this morning we got our bags dropped off
and we're going through my favorite part
and I really don't have much to say cuz
I'm so exhausted
Annie that oh stop there's a chick-fil-a
do you know how long it's been since
I've had since I've had chick-fil-a
every time I've alog it reminds Annie
she didn't she didn't stop in front of
you on purpose we're just a little
grouchy this morning ground oh this is
the struggle is real
you guys okay alright well I am excited
I'm looking forward to getting home
seeing my puppies laying in my bed even
though it's gonna be look it's dark out
still even though it's gonna be like
we've got a quick flight I just want to
go lay in my bed I'm not gonna be much
good today
what
that's like an hour 20 or something
talking about her dogs makes us get a
little pep in our step
she went from hmm there's a bird in here
I want to be her friend Bert Oh her best
friend mo two birds they're best friends
and he's sorry
where's she going are you going where's
she going Wow one with nature
boo
but music oh gosh I can't even think
right now
star wars Indianapolis you've been cool
I'm glad of stop by here but I am ready
to go home it's a little bit rainy out
we are boarding the plane Hayley you're
checking it out look pretty good
the plane is definitely wet
you go touch the plane
it is what
she's so excited oh I've seen this whole
time as Hayley's back of Hayley's face
where's the front of Hayley's face okay
good night
I'll see you when we okay crash my
friend
today decisions decisions decisions
decisions alright guys I am gonna see
you in a little bit
we are
we are
came in pretty bad no when I go back out
no they
you thought we were anything
is come home I'd like to be the first
person on behalf of you home okay guys
when you're home and all your luggage
gets here you feel pretty good about
life we just got our bags and we're
going to get in a yeah it's good to be
at back at our home airport because
there was that much closer to our dog oh
yeah when we pick Nani up one time we
made it look like she was climbing that
we've angle the camera I don't want to
sit here and do that I want to go and
pet my dogs I already have a date on the
couch with Winnie even though their dogs
are normally allowed on the couch
they're getting on the couch today yep
I'm going to take a nap continue my nap
on the Piper
babies are you ready for them cuddles
we're gonna we're gonna cuddle all day
all we're gonna do
I think we missed them guys we're hope
the Christmas tree is still up
great good all the Christmas decorations
are still out wow that's exciting
what hi is there a ladder on the couch
Winnie's already ready for me yes he is
hey we never miss your face your whole
face I know you guys miss these faces
just wanted to give you guys an update
of what was going on yes we need you to
everybody miss your face - okay no
Christmas tree lit up on its own
automatically so we've got that shining
brightly don't know when I'm gonna get
that taken down and we've got a napping
little girl over here
i napped on that couch for about two
hours is now dark outside the dogs think
they're allowed on the couch and out
it's great Hayley's upstairs I don't
know what she's doing you don't want to
go outside okay it's cool you can't tell
me you didn't miss this thing and the
daddy-o is on the bed napping
it was a day full of naps and well
needed well much needed and I feel
well-deserved we needed a day just to do
absolutely this a bunch of that the
house is a little bit of a mess but
that's okay because we will take this
week before we go to Houston to get it
done to get it organized we're taking
the day off
I think we're taking most of tomorrow
off - yes we are
I could just sit here and pet her all
day long
all day long you guys didn't go very far
come on back in all right how was your
evening update it is about I don't know
it's dark so six maybe let's see what
time it is let's just see 548 yeah I
could get patches a little round belly
look at it what's this belly belly
all right guys we'll do some some more
exciting stuff when everybody wakes up
I'm gonna make them straight up just a
little bit not a lot bit it's a little
bit you know a little bit oh goody I
guess hey hey little frisbee bunny can
some quality time we missed all the
little animals
Piper's like excuse me
we are best friends and he's now
discovered a the corner of the couch so
she's now moved over there and is asleep
have you taken a nap today no you're the
only one hey come over here and show
that hair yeah you definitely took a nap
oh she loves us rascally thing oh my god
yeah okay the close-ups
get some action of this bunny some
slow-mo action let's see what we can get
I miss bunny sorry Annie
elmo's I almost didn't vote you guys not
like me but it didn't really hurt it oh
my gosh I feel good just nibbled can the
dogs come in she spit out a lot her eyes
rolled back in her head oh wait wait
wait she's opening the door I know what
your way out there what don't even know
Hey Oh together again oh my gosh yes
hold up nice shot Winnie I need to bolt
Leigh yes yes I'm trying to convince him
to go with me
I was not snapping for you to come I
wanted that bunny to come at me see she
just bit me and it definitely bother me
because I'm used to like puppy nibbles
it's so good to be home we got home
today that is crazy all right
I got groceries coming tomorrow so we're
eating out tonight I'm gonna go I'm
gonna go get you guys to polt Leigh cuz
I know
I know it's on everybody's mind she's
dreaming of it I can tell what I'm gonna
do I'm gonna break my is that what
you're doing you're gonna put little
braids in that I'm just staring at you
while the camera focuses okay that is
better all right so I was trying to wait
until Annie woke up to finish this video
off but she's been asleep for several
hours hopefully she's gonna not wake up
in the middle of the night and be wide
awake but I don't think she waking up
anytime soon she needed this rest so
Haley and I are gonna do the question of
the day but actually Haley can't answer
it I don't think because it's like it
would hurt their dog's feelings but
which one of our dogs is your favorite
but we don't you want to answer it okay
oh don't hurt their feelings
but I am just kind of curious that's why
I'm asking it to see what you guys say
come on camera papa hood Piper's like I
know someone's gonna vote for me hold
tight while it focuses back on that
beautiful face I love all my dogs all
the same
I love Piper well the most well-behaved
oh that's hard I was gonna say Gigi but
she yaps a lot
she's the probably the loudest but she's
probably the easiest because she's so
little
Piper gets on the counter and you have
to make sure there's the hub counters
clear and Winnie is like when he's got
probably the funniest personality when
he's when he cracks me up like seriously
every day you just she's so funny
I think Piper's the prettiest like I can
say that they're dogs all right but I
love them each individually for
different reasons but I want you guys to
comment down
and I just I'm just curious to see which
drug you guys think is you know your
favorite the cutest all around just what
you which dog you guys think okay guys
so we needed this was a much-needed day
of pretty much nothing tomorrow there's
nothing on the plan nothing on the plan
nothing on the agenda probably more of
this and then eventually maybe we'll
supposed to rain too so it'll be a good
day to sit around again and then maybe
we'll start getting busy maybe I'll
start getting organized before them I
feel like the apartment and the house
both need to be like majorly organized
redone no just rated now we just need to
get all this junk out alright
so stay tuned thanks for watching today
comment down below which of our pups is
your favorite and we're gonna see a
refreshed
Annie hopefully tomorrow alright guys
bye see you tomorrow
Oh boys just crashed number two
celebrate life
based on baby
thanks for watching
for tailee
