bye girls
yeah hug
have a good practice I love you more
Katie no I do
don't worry I'll get you the wild man
you guys that's a way to quiet you down
stick some Rita's in your hands and you
guys don't say a word cloud behind me
the chocolate baby how you been to your
mom I hope I have another sighs oh just
god I don't think I really have that
small of feet
maybe you just have big feet all right
big let's go home Tess is over your
mother coming to get you
your own item discuss carpool I should
go home with yet mushroom or it's not
going home I'm going to my sister's new
house my old house yes so my old house
is her friend's old house right mm-hmm I
went crazy and then you'll be going I'm
sure you'll see it again with it with
their stuff yes obviously you're
technically it is my house I'm letting
them stay there because I'm super nice
let's not look for Annie to disagree
mm-hmm it is my house we're gonna rent
it from me
Annie yours games I know she's just
disagreeing on the part that your
favorite right yeah I know that's what
she's like
I can see you what happened oh my god
how can you come closer
oh very gate well oh you're free major
thank you
we got all eight people in our eight
passenger seat um car that was fantastic
that we had enough we're going to lunch
because no one wants to cook anything
fun unloading more furniture all morning
Oh Mary Kate Oriole isn't me I can't go
to jail again again she has never been
to jail for the record I look good daddy
I'm too good like at school I cried when
I went to the parents of his office so
well I do go to the principal's office
Mary Kate like third grade and it was
good
Oh cries but I thought I was in trouble
that's adorable
hey guys so what do you know mary-kate
house I'm hacking well very luck
yeah I'm doing stuff we have an
announcement to make
there are only boxes left all the
furniture is in the house off the truck
Wow now go get more boxes Oh truck
that's the bad part I'm a shoes you we
switched back to wear nice shoes now
we're switching again yes because I'm
not gonna trick him all those the clock
worked we did that emiliÂ´s and I put
that clock together and it's working
it's really pretty let's go look I do
that okay
no more flock what's this for to heat up
food called a microwave no this thing
here yeah yeah close the doors and then
it's a hidden microwave good try
I think I broke it pull out pull forward
forward towards you
they're not better now all right we
forgot sidetracked again boxes more lies
hmm oh we were talking about the truth
and dare for what next week George nope
it's be something to do with ice cream
ice cream that'd be great if you can
download all the boxes in the new where
yours and sex that's right here baby
look at it
Oh your that's cool you're a different
it's like I gotta let it focus here cuz
it's like the whole thing oh no Billy
saving mine or mine in an is the same oh
look at that I think it's kind of sad
that we all have fingerprints oh hey we
were having a moment there yeah I have a
moment where you get the box all right
your moment is now the boxes assembly
line you guys and you go right here
you'll carry it to Annie
ready
I'm a filmer of the assembly line it's
just faster
is this actually faster oh yeah I guess
it is box now
I didn't yell remember this is working
out a little help yeah we did it you
guys good job
they still haven't made your size yet
they gave me three
we're gonna give them to some of your
gymnast friends like Lee and Bethany
when your sizes get there see they're
still making them you guys so that's why
we're just now getting them they are
able to make this size because the
pre-order takes a while I mean it takes
a while to make them size adult
extra-large I think I don't know next
you large adult medium I mean adult
extra small
they might be different sizes I'll have
to check what Mary Cate want one
probably she would rock this I don't
think an extra small would fit adult
extra small so yeah these are them we've
got our own now you guys look guys Mary
Kate's ever had crab over cobs for
dinner here yeah that's how you you mean
we gotta eat it tomorrow ugly ugly yeah
it's like what I look like I reach out
take a crab you're crabby when you were
young she open the door Ravi ah you can
eat it no no you can use it right now I
have to like make it right it's already
cooked what are you doing that camera's
not
Asians and then to cook the crab no no
chicken you're gonna show her how to eat
it yeah right now the cameras on Andrea
knows Jenna convinced you we just want
to see what she does with it
that's really all we're doing
I've never enjoyed before just eat it
what are you supposed to eat there's
nothing to eat
there's all like no you don't eat it
that horror it was that under control
you just like rip it apart yes so means
no crowd that's right okay girl like
that's it mmm right she ripped the legs
off it's pretty is that what you're
supposed to do I mean one to wait for
Billy to show you what to do Billy just
handed her one and said here eat it and
ego on the other side you can start
opening one I just know like baking
shake this got spicy okay go go use your
legs and walk over to get something to
drink
ahh take it a lot no she doesn't want to
say it doesn't know if it's good cuz it
decided I'm a weird texture like like
crab yeah would you say that the
textures crabby
yeah that's pretty well no no Danielle's
cool over there you know one crab no
thank you Richard no no never crap you
know love you Texas you never tried crab
when I'm not going to oh come on it's
good is it good I'm hey hey turn up like
this is gonna sound bad but like it's
like nice not like chicken of yours but
like you know them
is it like shrimp I'm very I really I
was the question
now it's not like shrimp okay I'll try
yay
okay it's not terror okay she was gonna
try so we got Mauro here some yummy to
touch it really you can do it I know it
looks like it's not here man
oh look at you trying nope nope nope she
tried sorry I couldn't get the camera on
fast enough but mary-kate just made her
first cast it went right over here on
the land
point your finger
so don't let go of the pole that's why I
don't ever use the words like that boy
tripping all right you guys take two
just look at the back of the ball no
it's that's exaggerated but it did make
that motion like she's in slow motion
yay all right guys we're ready I'm not
ready I'm in the way is it too bit right
the tube is right here you can go
straight through
orna mark get set go
hold their weight so you can paddle
yourself in come on Haley no turn over
here no I can't get up you figure it out
oh my god ah Dania takes the wheels
no matter and I don't I didn't see any
barnacles on it barnacles was a particle
I'm not made for this my muscles moving
again it's a barnacle I think a
spongebob yeah me too
my heart again I didn't know static
allowed are there isn't there
you know what saltwater I'm not shocked
she's out of here wait oh she comes up
Billy there she is that safe your hand
stand on it somebody your hand Sam I'd
break my nose just a second and then
I'll get a picture if you want
well you can't buckle yourself in there
can you're not sitting in the shotgun so
we borrowed apparently Superman you
didn't yeah
so Mary Kate's coming from the night
with us and apparently soup ease coming
with us and there that's it don't know
why okay you gotta get in the back
Superman can stay Superman can go I
can't wait til she can sit in the front
you guys it's got a couple more years
alright let's get home it's been a long
night
know what
get out of here are you doing Superman
you're in my way okay what are you doing
touching me pledging me why are you
punching me you don't punch me alright
let's go enough a toy talk hey guys so
there's hey is here with us
yeah anything over um so what should be
car today with you credit I'm trouble oh
really but you could only do it once
like once there and then back oh well
how to travel to like like oh pardon few
I use I like have a like oh good a day
before the world ends no gosh I wouldn't
do that deal I will hold on here now to
see ya the day I get married to see who
I end up oh my god but you can't see
yourself see how you're doing yeah I'll
just see the guy yeah be like okay I'll
go back oh I got to be like no one Mary
C Oh
you me you gotta work all right anyways
you should say yeah don't forget to come
to look at you another crucial day is if
you could travel travel but only once
what would it where would you go hi
tomorrow
always remember to celebrate life ah
babe
thanks for watching
Vitaliy
