hey guys good morning just drag these
little sleepy heads out of the bed to
get ready for another long day and it's
breakfast time why don't you close your
eyes and I'll just feed you you open
your mouth I'll be like a baby bird Oh
cuz you know how baby birds eat right -
momma bird doo-doo boot up choose a
little warm-up and then put it into baby
birds mouth Hayley are you even awake in
here she's disgusting why her hair that
are no now our hair gets in our mouth oh
you awake
alright it's breakfast time we ordered
in room service again because it's so
much easier to get ready for our long
days when we've got food up here got
some breakfast quesadillas breakfast
burritos I think there's a pancake in
here your eyes will open all right well
you don't need to see the pancake by my
pale face is awake but la-z-boy
yeah I'm not rubbing your feet all right
guys so today we're doing a livestream
for like Disney Channel Zizek Facebook
page doesn't matter you guys have to
find it before now because it'll already
been happen by the time you see this
your face wake up we're watching the
premiere of adventures in babysitting
today with some of the cast and with
Buzard bark and some of their cast they
both premiere tonight and we're gonna
help them might celebrate that my face
is awake my arm I'm not rubbing your arm
so that's gonna be really fun are you
nervous a little Haley says now Annie
says yeah
Katie's gonna be there on set with us
and some other fun people so
daddy and mommy are part of this too I
don't know why they wanted boring ol
mommy and daddy but I think they want
bites
thank you like they're acting like baby
birds here we are just sittin waitin the
glamorous world of filming so when
you're filming any what percentage would
you think is filming and what percentage
we think is sit around waiting Oh like
what don't like real filming not daily
no no like when we're filming for
something and there's like directors and
producers and stuff what percentage is
actual filming and what percentage is
like just sitting around mmm well just
normal hmm what percentage I like like
official stuff like yesterday Han versa
not yesterday you mean with Wednesday
yeah um what do you think I was gonna
say 80% waiting 10 for 20% of filming I
don't know at 10% eating skin so you
what would you say okay
20% at home
and 70% waiting why II know she's a lot
for you guys lately she's calling stuff
pretty much
eighty percent so they all right no
sorry
seventy percent sitting around in ten
percent on camera in the front of the
back so this is our ride guys over to
the adventures in babysitting livestream
set or just go down see right there in a
bigger
guys this is like musical chairs here
it's got to be it's got to be like
perfect all right we'll come back here
they should be buckling up in the Ailey
you made it
excited we made it here all right
look who's here who I Katie welcome we
can't win it's already dark colors
raspberry craft service those who love
while I'm watching your sister get her
makeup done yeah so are you next get
some hair and makeup beautiful huh
you
do you see what's over here it's cold
minge oh my gosh yes please guys we just
got to come on the set so we can see
we're gonna be working tonight with live
stream we're trying to tell Haley and
Annie to not touch a thing
in here because it's all set up so
perfectly we had to come on here and get
a few pictures this is the different set
so there's three different that you'll
be like watching right now yeah they'll
tell us what to do
don't worry you both fans so cute there
you go
it's our script Haley Haley script go
over that here alright who's ready for
lunch
we're just hanging out alright mr.
camera let's have a talk
you were gonna like make me look really
good right well hair and makeup I was
gonna help with that don't you guys
think about that that was pretty legit I
think we've already Rivera yeah we did
see him coming on set everybody's
getting kind of used to the static
getting comes to me yeah we look to that
people thank you
that's the set that's where we're gonna
be all night I'm geeked out the movie I
think we'll be playing okay they are
doing it right here at the YouTube space
la presse adventures in babysitting a
live stream look at this lunch ladies
and gentlemen
are you guys getting my chicken rest on
me festive where's yours
corn on the cob word it's up here I'll
help you reach corn on the cob
thank you so much well we almost dropped
the corn on the cob do you want some
meat the meat behind you there's a
lobster tail and there's ribs it looks
like with the local guys they put Haley
in a white jacket so I'm just gonna kind
of hold on to it okay guys so we're now
in rehearsals and we're rehearsing some
of the script we really don't have much
like we're just us we don't really have
lines but there's a whole thing of
things that people are going to say
around us let me see how how you guys
look okay and then emulate oh wait we're
gonna need you guys Oh hair makeup nice
kidding you guys look lovely other
practicing they're so nervous slide read
viewers come
I just let you choose like go go you
can't say my I don't know I called the
Paley and it's a built filming blog
filming oh my gosh guys were thinking
right now you're bigoted
kkt and Annie just got in trouble for
removing props and on the set for sewing
the director Oh
getting David mrs. M with a big
misunderstanding director did not become
beautiful Michaelis look at her makeup I
mean she's beautiful without at my hand
she is called the makeup in my pocket
thank we're about to Peggy this yeah
maybe like everybody welcome Sofia
whatever and then there's the hair
embarrassing yes I embarrass her all the
time we are about to roll you guys got
like 30 seconds
Hey we just did it guys
we just went live on the first segment
how do you feel second studio a lot of
sectors so good yeah I know they were
really like profess their doing the
ad-lib part where you're gonna tell them
about your channel I'm like our channels
so nervous yeah I think so Taylor we are
family blogging channel on YouTube so
we've been dating for a few years these
two gives your friends of your own
settled to Rio how many fifteen
rehearsing they're over rehearsing
no I guys like over rehearse a when Lola
is trying to get out of her parking
ticket I just got so funny
perfect okay it stinks so funny I just
think it's so okay we're having fun guys
but there's a nervous Nellie's around
her
never Hayley's over there all chill just
say anything she's gonna talk about a
favorite part
we just got told to go back to our spots
so that's what happens I just and yes
you can sit down and he gets like
nervous and you and sustain yeah it's
warm in there it's really gonna be less
fun hey guys we actually got through it
and it really really fun but we got
really nervous but now that it's done
I'm just gonna have a lot of fun and
very exciting let's wait for the next
thing which can be like chilling over
there while everybody else talks it down
so it is we have to do it again so like
not all the pressures I think all guys
it was able to get it yeah you're like
so comfortable on camera with all don't
knock this over
little hula-hooping going on onset very
during the break it wasn't me very over
there over there
what happened where's your script that's
it hey that's her line Annie you may
struggle with that one oh shoot might
you know anyone they got you cake
broccoli maybe good really um did
someone order cake whoa Buzard bark cake
oh we just got you like two pieces of
all the cakes what do you say right okay
ready okay ready yeah
hold it what is this right here did this
challenge she step okay okay I have my
marketing about amazing her feet hurt so
she don't knock your sister over this
amazing right she just showed my really
did she goes to like keep that picture
it's a little bit yeah they're all three
gymnast nice okay right so they kind of
live upside down here's breath air hey
don't knock anybody got rope this the
best is coming off you guys can watch
her because she doesn't have a metrical
okay guys might have to you right all
right everybody watch out
everybody's getting a little concerned I
have a new fresh best 12 minutes no more
hand stands for the babies
probably the same camera oh yeah
oh wait we got to be a louder over here
to this camera
Hey
Manny is wired how you feelin boy baby
come on oh my goodness spin around daddy
spin around so we get some face time
over here this is the look of two tired
little girls and a mommy and a daddy who
are probably equally as tired you guys
that was a long day we've gotten back to
one hotel
it was the shuttle drop-off hotel and
look at you guys it's been a long day
and we're waiting for our car to take us
back to our hotel we're gonna call it a
night right here these cute faces are
super tired no question of the day
question of the day what are we gonna do
what are we gonna do just call it a
night we have a lot it's our earliest
morning tomorrow and our latest night
tonight how did that happen
why did we get so unlucky but it was all
worth it because that was amazing
today was amazing guys we will see you
tomorrow
have a good one toodles will be more
energetic in the morning good night
