well good morning guys we just got
dropped off on the side of the road just
kidding so we're at the school locations
get back so we don't get run over by the
car right a school where we're going to
be filming all day today but we're
checked out of our hotel and moving to
another hotel tonight
so we're basically moving into the
school it's gonna be very exciting
welcome back to school Annie
welcome to sixth grade okay Lea you got
it dude this is what happens when you
bring your luggage on set Haley you feel
right at home
okay we're already in wardrobe or
changed into our casual outfits don't
cut her hair oh I got two outfits I
think we're working today she does want
a haircut you're right I don't know if
I'm ready for her to cut her hair I'm
like yes all right daddy know what I
think we're going to get hair and makeup
touched up how short do you want it that
short Haley you're killing me here
do you know when I said when I have a
little girl I want her to hear to be
super super long Lily and it took
forever for andis hair to grow out hmm
it didn't men I did but daddy and I both
said we have a little girl who never
gonna let her cut her hair she likes any
tonight I don't know and then now Haley
wants to cut her hair and she has super
long hair we look good guys not to brag
ass daddy's first time in the makeup
chair so we had the document that
oh excuse me Annie and the Polaroid
Andy's the real photographer around here
oh thank you oh yes that is beautiful oh
she could do we should show the picture
of your snapchat and see if she can
recreate that oh that's that one of the
filters oh he looked beautiful yesterday
yeah I mean all right the gang's all
here
everybody's getting into wardrobe now
hey Billy how many times we got get
touched up that time
seven times we wrapped the first scene
yeah we're gonna so I my daddy's been
cut off the Cameron the other one thanks
for pointing off he just get down for
one quick second
that's one T right there thank you
I got the color and you got to write a
letter to Grandma what a kidding
Oh Haley I stopped by Best Buy today and
I picked up our new vlogging camera can
you imagine if we vlog with us i Regan
fufufu bedevi awkward me walking around
with that on my shoulder no you should
do it alright fine I'll ask them if I
can borrow theirs now so she too
scavenger hunting going on right now
doing some school yeah another question
Sartorius Sartorius
yes longest-running he I just looked it
up okay y'all sound doing some homework
well we're on break it's in the leg it
looks like a long thin superficial
muscle muscle that runs down the length
of your thigh so we knew it was a leg
muscle very good guys go all right so
it's lunchtime here what you eating
it's like - Oh got tacos and he put some
sort of mystery sauce we thought it was
sour cream it was in fact not and she
said it's not ranch like there's been
our referee
and we got some cute little ones over
here hi guys
them fun a little bit little bit of them
are you having fun yeah all right so
we're on a little bit of a break where
are we headed granny oh we're heading
focus yeah there's a balancing house for
one of the obstacles for doing later
this is like a challenge video you guys
it's gonna be really excited exciting
and so yeah we don't know who's gonna
win these final challenges so stay tuned
this video will be out I think in July I
think we're back to school don't want to
think about back to school yet but you
got to film these videos so they're
ready for back to school and we've seen
some cute stuff in these videos
there it is you guys it might be hot to
touch okay guys warm yeah why do we take
these off hey we take your shoes off
yeah this is so fun
um it might be hot is it hot yeah put
the socks on you don't have socks just
go with your shoes just go with your
shoes I'm talking anyway oh yeah here it
is you guys I'm probably not gonna be
allowed to show any of this yet when it
actually happens you guys but this is
going down here got the stay tuned to
the video that's a dunk tank right there
I'm gonna go I did you I think it would
be refreshing harder mark get set go
this is a little bit of a gym workout -
Annie Fraley and Hailey and Frehley and
hailey rhymed I just figured that out
super cute I would love to young you
would yeah you are you jealous that you
don't get to go in the dunk tank would
you do it no oh you can do what she was
doing I met you can't get in coffee yeah
double double dunk tanks
okay see you in a little bit she's been
called to set we can go only on that
rental couple first couple shot you guys
we've been filming opposite shifts but
the final one it's together she's out
you couldn't take any more
is nap time for Wednesday
by Wednesday good shame thing in action
whoa that was a sound effect that is
priceless
okay two little girls come up here real
quick your have a book I've ever heard
that was video rolling thank you very
much that's a wrap my friends wrap after
a long day fund a film with a Caelian
fan we can't tell you who won but so
there is a winner
don't tell us or the winner is you'll
have to tune in next month I believe
sometime in July it's exciting
that's good we're all winners you're all
winners and it was bad I'm not gonna lie
there are some losers throughout the day
winners right
second place is the first loser sure
this is C wait a second what happened I
wouldn't be the dunk tank Haley got dunk
tank just for fun
well not really she just climbed in just
for hey I get it
you did it they push the button and you
went in and you didn't have a camera
with you Haley what have I told you
about traveling without a camera I'm
kidding I didn't - it should have eaten
both what you got in huh no Paige and
Braley and Haley just got out of dunk
tank really yeah what I'm not wearing
some skin no why don't you go change
okay that's a great idea I'm full of
great ones welcome to the family
yacht we give doughnuts to everyone you
you can eat oh yes be good they caught
it if you come live with us we will let
you have a doughnut for every meal okay
every meal we don't don't donate for
every meal and no vegetables no we won't
make even Vicki yeah just that doughnut
okay all right
don't got a new one this is Winston you
guys have you've never seen Winston this
is him
are you showing the baby that you're
going uh-huh we told him that we would
beat him donuts for every meal oh wait
no we're kidding no no you just heard
that rug we can rent right now all right
perfect
oh man he's not gonna come with us he's
already got doughnuts all about you he
is adorable he is a dirty little you've
got stuff to do got something yeah he's
busy what am i right it was so Haley and
I are in charge of the room tour we just
got to our next hotel Oh daddy and Annie
went to run some errands this way to the
right all right
Haley and I are on our own you guys we
are not good at this now this two years
ago oh I did it
you found it sounded all right to hear
that okay oh I'm the boss yes I know
um lights okay you might recognize it
memory this is what they've been looking
forward to hit the Lights right there
hit the light and give us a little tour
boom not much light I'll get to work on
their lighting in here for youtubers
whoa there we go okay so we have a team
a TV a horse picture you guys a little
like we're here in for Annie school yeah
puppet love it I'm going to bottom okay
look at this pretty little like yeah
pretty little what what yeah our little
living room
whoa our bags are here alright bags are
here it's always exciting we're back
we're gonna go show you the other half
of the hotel room wait in case you
didn't watch our videos two years ago we
we're here oh oh those come from and
then they're on what do these were they
really in here they're a note yeah hmm
that is so cute have me a mini okay
she'll love that I think she would love
Mickey okay I'm gonna go and show them
the rest of the hotel all right really
quickly because we are starving and I've
got to order some food so it's here
without you someone was coming in
bathroom big ol bed more closet thingies
Oh in the view what if this is the exact
when we stayed in do down here parking
lot all right guys we'll be back
dinnertime yo we have not eaten very
much all day we had a lunch and that
seems like it was forever ago and
breakfast was even longer ago so we
ordered some food in and it is here and
Hayley was so sweet and brought Annie a
blanket and Annie's like now she brought
me a blanket now I'm never gonna get out
we are gonna go to bed but my question
of the day is out of everything on that
we ordered what is your favorite so
we'll go over it we got chips in caso
pesos over there quesadillas pepperoni
pizza
mac and cheese fruit steak um and that's
it that's our choices so what's your
favorite of everything we got oh yeah
right in this area kiss today today
right now pizza quesadillas yeah but the
pizzas right in front of you we are
starving so we apologize
yes you may that were rubbing in friends
of you okay so we're gonna call it a
night because we're exhausted this is
the longest day we've had here in LA so
far we've got tons of more days do you
feel like you're living here so tomorrow
starts VidCon we got a few things going
on there love and VidCon we'll see you
tomorrow hope you're enjoying the LA
videos stay tuned for some more fun
toodles
always remember to celebrate life ah
Beibei thanks for watching
Vitaliy
