hey guys so show to the world what does
it go to the venue and outfit oh it's
been oh it's blurry been a quite a
morning over here in the over here what
I thought I wasn't gonna be able to go
to sleep cuz I slept in the car and I
slept a little bit on the plane you know
she was asleep okay
morning update Annie is hair ready but
not makeup ready yes outfit is most of
that fits in here we're getting ready to
head over to the venue for sound check
Haley's outfit turned out super cute she
wasn't a skirt I'm trying to catch you
guys up because I haven't filmed
anything cuz I've been running around
crazy she wasn't a skirt but somehow the
shorts that we got to go under it went
missing so luckily we had these cute
pants in the bag so that's how this
outfit was born and he wants to
soundcheck in a comfy sweatshirt we are
I know right so we're going over we had
a couple changes of plans but now we're
going with it we're heading over for
soundcheck we cannot wait indie you I
know you guys are gonna rock those
imminence did not have a wait your
mermaid you guys we were falling apart I
was gonna say no but I'm gonna go with
yes we are just I'm trying to get
everything off the bed here because the
cleaning people come in oh wait what
should I stay for that picture on
Instagram hey guys and I know she said
no my mascara on my lip got here that's
her
then I've got two more after that's also
moral in a colossus work finish it for
some of you I feel like you're doing
some of them at the real world with a
baby for Township half right half right
guys
uh well I'm gonna think of a caption
goodbye everyone
okay can't wait to see my dog mine
goodbye for the day wait we're not gonna
tear ducts today no tomorrow we don't we
have arrived
hey Brooke hey Christian I like I got
this pile out hey Haley we're ready to
rock this convention center books
yeah Andy's vlogging this trip so it's
okay we're not stealing each other's
footage the blog wars we have arrived
there's my standing room mrs. Sennett
for a cheer convention it's Carson sound
check me go Carson what look at jamfest
look at Brooke she's enjoying jamfest
already wait
why is this floor not as liked by this
floor different how did she leaguers go
on this one I'm so confused and learning
so much it's better for you guys but I'm
thinking for cheerleaders like coming up
for truly does this thing really work
for us maybe they're gonna roll
something out soundcheck is in full
swing different dancers than C and C we
got Jana and Serena and Kelsey tonight
and Eleana back they're hanging with
Hailey the hosts one of the hosts she is
ready
that boy talk not boiling go look at
Brookes outfit I mean come on work it
Brooke this stage is awesome Annie is
getting her makeup done while Brooke is
tap-dancing Haley and Ileana are getting
you know I always want to say her name
wrong
you know Elyon yeah for Haley I'm hoping
I'm saying that right I'm pretty sure
I'm saying right anyway Brooke tap
dancing and he's somewhere around here
getting her makeup done lots going on
you know what rock your hair
easily
when you're like
like me
they have to get
I'm ready
got a nice replacing that with something
later okay
and last sound check
behind-the-scenes going on
you know Mike
yeah I would soundcheck it just so you
know the mics are both working Brooks
getting ready to go up for her double
soundcheck
she's got a quick triple soundcheck
actually yeah
aren't I nice I set up her vlog camera
which isn't even filming her right now
so that she can have a little footage
all right Brooke ease up
let's see what we got here smash is this
like a checklist you're gonna try to get
all this accomplished all right
vessel rush you want to rush
what are your name what are your names
nice to meet you Mady are you excited
all right
have fun okay
a bit
I know I guess okay relax stage
interviews I know you two loved each
other I knew it costume was great and
she was wrong I turned my camera Haley
wants to Carson leader shirt let me get
a camo sighs Brooke
I don't know large I wear medium medium
medium
you got it yeah something like that
Oh
what there is the flush you better turn
it on Friday we're on our way back to
the hotel Danny you know what you're
done for like a long time you made it
we're going home to see your puppies
tomorrow I knew that would make her
smile Haley are you serious this is a
good timing too because we have to
charge my battery when we get back cuz
it's flashing at me stay tuned god we
walk in literally throw our stuff down
right here and they immediately come in
here to scrub it all off feel good I
mean yeah I know just some I don't like
wearing makeup all day I like to take it
off too actually
I sleep with my makeup sometimes what
he's like oh wait this batter needs a
charge so we are literally going to pack
this room up because we leave early
actually I've got a fresh battery there
we'll put that in but we're packing it
up we're gonna get all ready we're gonna
then get in bed we're gonna watch TV or
get a movie we're gonna order some food
and that's what we've got in it is like
7:45 maybe at night we're home pretty
early that's what we've got planned big
plans I don't know you know I'm trying
to keep this clean keep what clean this
sure oh yeah
white sweatshirts look so good but are
so hard to keep clean all right we will
be back in a little bit when we've
settled in a little bit and we'll see
you soon okay so Inez meanwhile shoving
all her of her clothes wait what's this
pile no mine's over there no how's it
gonna fit
why did you put sideways read it out all
right so we have got piles that are
going into individual suitcases right
here yes on the plane somebody gave her
that shirt this this is gonna be so cute
with some sweatpants oh it matches the
colors any leblanc sweatpants get yours
now no it's a cool spot shirt though
alright so let's go ahead and do a
question today yeah yeah yeah well that
probably faked Louie is not happy right
now
ready one I bet you I can get that close
here here let me just just just take a
mirror stuff you guys wanna watch my
jammies
okay I wash my face finally um how do we
wash my face and I was just stuffy I've
kept my fake eyelashes on for tomorrow
it smells like lemon in here these are
your messy bathroom but we're packing so
it's okay and we'll take a mirror selfie
and mini nibbler right
No okay I guess I'll just do it later no
chicken
Haley want to check that check on okay
so question the day is take your chicken
take it you're good
Oh chicken fake you're a bit into
chicken lately yeah
don't forget come to looks moon occurs
in the days to get you good bye guys see
you tomorrow and we're gonna be home
we're gonna see your dog huh remember to
celebrate
thanks for watching
the tailee
