in time for my Daisy
hey guys today's video is a paid
promotion for Disney Joe we have a
really cool surprise for you today we're
working at Disney Channel to promote
there are hundreds of original movie
adventures in babysitting and we want to
tell you about our funniest craziest and
most memorable babysitting stories so
it's done last year my family got to go
to Australia and my babysitter Paige got
to come pages from the south so she is a
very thick southern accent everywhere we
win in Australia
Paige you say I like your accent
whenever we met someone I just knew she
was gonna say it again I got so
embarrassed I had hide behind her every
time she said they're just awkward
silence because no one could understand
her no one you want to respond so that
my dad didn't say hey you're the one
with the accent to make everyone laugh
another time Paige was babysitting we're
at a hotel and we've ordered room
service so we decided to order eyes we
turn out it cost $17 so we had to eat
every single bite
$70 after we finished we rolled the
heavy cart into the hallway and the door
was slowly shoving behind us then Pig
turn to run and scream I'll have my key
I jumped back in the doorway Josh we
would have been locked out and had to
sleep in the hallway until my parents
got home at midnight but it is a day
with my foot thank you guys so much
crossing the open your stories
adventures and babies being airs on
Disney Channel June 24 make sure you
visit the Disney Channel Facebook page
on June 24th for all the fun also let us
know your craziest babysitting stories
in the comments below
always remember to celebrate life Hey ah
baked potato baked thanks for watching
Vitaly
