time for me are you driving who's
winning
because that's first your vvvvvv so what
movie are we going to say
finding dory let's go let's get out here
how's the movie usually get that
character was baby doing baby shopping
with her gigantic eyeballs yeah we were
saying said gigantic eyeballs I like
baby dory and the little destiny destiny
that's ready to get ready to fly today
Bailey
yeah wait what you guys ready to fly now
flap your arms and pick up flap your
arms and fly and I'll be way better
right
I don't know it'd still be a long ways
to get to California flapping your arms
just like you do like this for an hour
that you could walk for an hour and be
like okay my baby to break you can do it
isn't it like my arms a break time so
right now we're going to do that
no just LA but a lot of things we have
to do while we're in that LA area area
yeah this is everything we're taking to
LA suitcases
lots of suitcases and lots of bags okay
retard thinking about it
we just double check to make sure we had
everything got it who cares about the
phone she's got her blanket or stuffed
animal you're hearing about the car so
you don't want to be naked in LA you're
worried about Mellie the whole time
Oh guys normally we do carry-ons who
they are matching boo what I say ooh cuz
you made me say ooh I'm a little nervous
we're checking bags and I'm sure you
know like this is gonna be the time
where they lose my luggage well they
lost our luggage one went to Australia
not long okay checking natsu I'm
checking my clothes and it's gonna be
scary
cuz we have somewhere to be tomorrow and
if they lose my luggage I'll be wearing
this outfit
true ok so they're playing you have to
make me smile game and it's hailey Stern
not never she wasn't a Glee she is
pretending to Diggle
a pillow ostrich or - okay buhdeuce -
coverage
that's where they try to boil outdoors
like it's what's the part all right now
now say any starting to try Mike Hale as
well okay
no you're taking away no or touching No
did you get like that
you can't tell she's lovin she doesn't
she does that when she's sad
Oh fine
we should really
you put you out
and what will we die
which is lacking stuff
guys we're here we're checking into the
hotel right now now we have some sleepy
sleepy sleepy kids they were asleep in
the car on the way here the sleeping is
kind of continued into the lobby so
we're going to plan is do a quick hotel
tradition tour and a quiz you know today
and then we're going to hit the sack
because we have an exciting day tomorrow
and we'll tell you about it tomorrow
morning
stay tuned it's time oh yeah hey Harry
Zaki yeah you gotta use a key come on
Joe hello sleepy sleeping in oh oh this
may um Trump any hotel we've been in
that's all holy cow what's that room and
what's that room that's the like oh my
gosh you guys holy moly what's back
there another bathroom we need the light
cuz I can't see anything in here no what
is this wait I missed everything when we
came in because there was no because
he's not my closets and mirrors there's
my desk Annie that is not your bed but
good night oh boy yes thank you we will
enjoy that
daddy nailed this reservation no you got
out of bed for this huh take it out
daddy made you get up dad it's bedtime
you guys I don't even know what all
these buttons do I just want to push
them out this is microwave what is this
oh how to make perfect cup of circle
Java if I'm not a coffee Oh coffee
drinker like a pantry this is awesome
you good you'll be more the best in the
morning all right quick questions a day
who's got one not you what's your
favorite hotel you've ever stayed in all
right so you guys got to tell us like
the hotel you guys went that was your
favorite hotel I hope that pulls out
there could be a problem with this hotel
retro okay you guys so we just called
the front desk because we don't have a
bed for the girls so they he sounded
very confused and he said he'd call us
right back so we're gonna let you know
what happens um
as great as this room is we kind of need
some beds sleeping rod I'm thinking they
gave us some I'm thinking they did too
so we're gonna do a quick question of
the day and if this story plotline
thickens then we'll be sure to fill you
in questions day oh it was the favorite
hotel we voted this one but I don't know
we might want to change our question of
the day because our favorite hotel may
not be this one right now cuz we got to
see the room that we're getting um or
they're gonna bring in a bed or
something I don't know
there's my phone call back scared me
what dun dun dun okay the plot doesn't
thicken much they're gonna bring us some
beds in here like little cots and you
guys are gonna sleep Annie might already
be asleep and everything's gonna be
super dooby-doo duper I think we should
change our question of the day look
there looks like there's numbers on the
wall squirrel like there's a five and
eight yeah just depends on how you look
at it so question of the day is X's or
O's you guys nailed it what a great
question of the day X is for me Oh
x is rose and tic-tac-toe OHS daddy Oh
X's all right you guys we will see you
in the morning it looks it up cross yep
turtles always remember to celebrate
life
 baked potato babe thanks for
watching
Vitaly
