time for money we just woke up not
really just like like there 45 minutes
ago but first time a film so good
morning everybody and TJ it's finally
her birthday she's 13
what time were you born 554 in the
morning yeah she was up
you're not apt charted but pretty nice
yeah yeah okay so she's going to open
her birthday present shank your velcome
shakes I loved her
get on my level I'm gonna put this on my
phone right now
okay she told me about asked me what I
wanted and I said so this is his phone
she just got her birthday like she had
she already had a phone but she got in
rolling so we're going to the beach
today today I'm going to a beach and
we're gonna ride our Gator mum my dad
comes back and he works on a boat and
then and then beach and ice cream yeah
and I love giraffes it feels cool
happy birthday Thanks Saturday morning
vision and look what I caught my first
fish I don't think it's my first fish
ever
but it's my definitely my first fish
it'll wash your first fish in this house
yeah I think so I don't think I caught
one ah okay get off now
I'm gonna call me I'm not touching that
much worse hurry cuz you need to go back
in you can't breathe fish out of water
I literally just my next cast I got
another one he's on his big butt he's
just as cute I'm like a fisherman Pro
pride pie for luck are you proud of me
she wants to eat it there you go oh man
okay so that one with a cast in between
but then I decide to come over here
because you know Billy isn't amazing at
telling me where to yeah I got my third
little guy okay why do you keep talking
behind because Piper loves it look at
her she can come over here she'd be so
excited yeah she'd knock you know okay
you guys daddy and I have spent a quiet
morning fishing the Saturday morning and
now Haley's awake and we're about to
wake the neighbors this Saturday morning
with water balloons I got the bucket
Hailey's got the water balloons daddy's
still fishing and we're about to get
crazy guys we got these new kind of
balloons that's the ones they fill up
hopefully they work um so Haley
literally just rolled out of bed what do
you eat for breakfast
ah what we didn't see do I need some ice
cream or something so you wanted to do
water balloons before eating
all right so we got Jim - later today
and he's still at TJ's house it's TJ's
birthday today happy birthday Jay yeah
sure thirteen the big one three so
that's what's going on today water
balloons in the morning coffin all day
barking dogs okay
all night all day let's fill these bad
boys up we've never done this before and
it looks like you just screw it on to
here like so feel like we're advertising
for whatever company this is your
welcome whatever nobody your company you
are oh no only one coming thanks but I'm
hoping that something funny will happen
that's why I'm filming this like they
blow up these are the colored ones you
guys look they says they washes clean oh
whoa
but how do you get them off why we
needed the instructions really goal are
you sure
oh my god
oh they are going are they working
but that really works that's going to be
the coolest thing ever and they tied
themselves that person's a genius right
they kind of saw you get the most
manager that is so cold paper that is
cool you guys know no splatter Winnie
that's beautiful oh come on
Oh Piper I take anything awesome don't
want it
oh it's wash boys said it's washable but
I owe it snot gonna be bad I've got my
bratayley water color not tie-dye its
water color
oh not her face Hayley I guess it's not
I guess it's just water it's not gonna
sting our eyes but Winnie you're the
victim because you've got the white me
Winnie I won't do it I'm going hunting
for humans
oh this better come off Hayley oh my
this is not good ruff oh definit all
this is not good for my ankle my ankles
been feeling better and now Shirky copy
one
Haley GT wasn't aiming for you know hey
do it I don't want to hurt you they're
hurt from this close aah
and coming hailey a new pop one to play
Oh scream stuff ready one two oh okay
I'm gonna do it to me or daddy okay we
did it ahh
when he looks like a warrior no not so
good okay on our back on her back you
can Oh
she move on yes or no why do you like
water no really she's like water
Oh on the white ball nailed it ah good
one oh no any don't do it is this your
death scene Winnie
remember when Piper had a death scene
the last water balloon fight we had oh
wait that sound batali makes history
Winnie you guys this better come out of
my shirt that's all I have to say whoa
you not the camera Hey
oh you got one I don't have one I'm
unarmed
and look you guys I lost my shoe
somewhere in the yard when I think oh
we're gonna do them some more
bring on the green get everyone head
yeah the green bucket yeah
well you guys stop picking on Winnie and
her white fur she's gonna look awesome
when she's got all these colors on her
you little mean even why are you
standing still run
winny the green doesn't look like you
got hit with green ah ah try to catch it
oh man like that that's what I tried to
do come here hey does that mean
mother c'mon I popped it in their face
does that mean my mama mean good no you
can't catch with your eyes closed come
right to you it's gonna land on manic
he's not gonna let land on me oh I was
trying to film that's a penalty
yeah I'm not even kidding you that is
not nice I'm trying to get footage Oh
seriously you're gonna ruin the camera
darn it that is not fair oh come on
they're bouncing off of him
oh that that's better that worked
it was exploded in the air oh my gosh
Haley you're going down sister
oh really I want the ice bunny we don't
talk a buck number I like it horrible
guys ready
one oh you guys oh alright time to hit
the showers now look what you've got
left in your hair already but we just
saved the red fur when Annie's here we
did too good tomorrow that was fun we
got too big now we got to play the game
of pick-up all of these little water
balloons so the dogs don't choke on that
we are now going to the beach actually
we're already at the beach we're just
walking to the park you're going to get
ice cream right is that what we're doing
we're going to get ice cream and the
beach looks like so cold but there's
tons of people out there just see
exactly but like I'm so close I'm like
oh it's gonna be cold and yeah look it's
really really hot out seriously that's
the sweetest thing I've seen all day
Oh what's up oh I didn't even see her
I think it's nap time you guys they had
a long morning of water balloon fighting
oh hello Winnie its Duke up blue all
over you
I love breathing noises oh you better
wake up Hailee you've got Jim oh so
funny
now we're going and the lemonade was
really good film is really good
where did we go are you trained turtle
hi strawberry
hi peach now we're going to the mall
are you having fun on your playdate are
you showering a little shower action
going on here yeah
this is it Victoria in case you don't
remember Victoria and we're at her house
and they were swimming right they didn't
stay in long cuz they got cold hi Oh
Haley got cold you're right and then
they're gonna eat though I think there's
some pizza getting ready for though yeah
you're enjoying layout Victoria's view
Arden's not here Danny's not here we
always get this one when you swim that's
a good piece that's a good swimming food
yeah yeah yeah so this is their
beautiful view come on that's a gorgeous
can't get over that and they're just
hanging hanging together looking at the
campus are you thinking about washing
your hair I'm thinking your hair doesn't
need a wash thinking you're fine I left
in here you're good you're so good
I feel ok 1913 and Kenzie's facetiming
me about that maybe cuz that's a time
I have two minutes look who showed up at
our men's house and Arden's not even
here it's TJ the birthday girl and a me
and okay go in and Annie and TJ were
hanging out this weekend but then
Victoria and Haley wanted to hang out so
that's why we're here and now we've got
the girls here but right as you hit it's
cold you then so the girls are hanging
out with us now we've got four girls
here but no Arden
but you guys it's gonna be funny Annie
and Victoria are gonna do a musically
cuz Arden doesn't know they're here so
we're kind of gonna cut pull a prank on
Arden a little later and do a innocent
little musically to let her know that
Annie better house all in good fun all
in good fun yeah so how are you today
very good and you know this is not the
balloon fight from this morning and if
you spray me because I'm in regular
clothes you are going down you hear that
Victoria nice slippers Thanks
you're welcome you guys sunburn do you
guys go to the beach today
sure I'll see that footage later is
there any beach footage on this camera
is there any beach footage here is going
awesome well they went to the beach guys
and they got sunburned
I'm done I am done for it hanging over
to this what your worst nightmare your
item so I know you've probably been
asked us a million times does it feel
any different to be a teenager no 13 in
Starbucks if you are bottner are you
kidding me that's amazing yeah like I am
officially 13 so what time is that 54
554 p.m. no I guess so yeah Starbucks at
5:30 for 8:00 a.m. and he's trying to
figure out how to do a back light i mean
a back dive and we're trying to describe
it in gymnastics Kevin if someone were
skinned oh she can do it I think she can
do it so we're describing as a back
handspring where she stops halfway into
a handstand distinct of that you're
hitting a handstand on the water
okay we've I totally fail then you
totally built just go backwards so you
don't hit your head with all a veil
Victoria can dive to she'll show you as
soon as Annie hits the water go to a
hand Sam
you're not gonna hit your head because
you know how to go backward like that
nice Victoria Andy seriously a long back
handspring into a hand soon even if it's
a belly flop just attempt it and adjust
I know she wouldn't think about she'd
have dance and do your little ear be
yeah that big I do it the other way just
don't think about it you're a gymnast
don't think about it yeah she just belly
bump a little bit I was dead
you get it you just want to go down a
little bit more oh this she's just -
yeah bless you all right second time's a
charm
better she did get most improved cuz she
does dance moves like that that's it
stealing TJ they got a knee yesterday we
get TJ tonight go in for a double
sleepover well that was a nice night
where'd you go Haley oh there you are
that was a nice night a nice relaxing
night by the water cool and Beach Holy
Father room I wanted them and so are you
so let's just praise the road ride on
left on right foot left foot headed head
up turn around sit down hold Massey
back in melon
there's a whole damn hole there's a hole
in the bottom of the sea
there's log and hold about see it's long
and on about it see there's a whole
there's a whole there's a whole bottle
see there's a little our home button see
there's a little our home Bangla see
there's a whole there's a whole there's
a hole in the bottom see there's not all
them on the home button see there's not
a little long an old one see there's a
whole there's a whole it's all about it
see the Fargo not on them along the
whole Mon C Mon see the whole bonus E -
water Frogger not on them along the
whole bottom see it all wrong on a
little log home there's a whole - the
whole bond C the air water Fargo not a
little old one see ya Murph are gonna a
little old bouncy there's a whole
there's a whole it's a whole bunch see
she going out on air water Fargo 911
locking old but see stealing our water
Fargo not a little like an old bone see
there's a whole there's a whole tone
bump see
now slowly what are you saying okay
shake your hand out on a hair and award
on a fraud on a limb on a lot at home
not there's jigger on a there's cheer on
a net on a hair on a work with a frog on
a knot on a limb on the log in the hole
Oh once an Austrian went yodeling on a
mountain so high when he met with an
interrupting his cry Yoli Yaya Yaya Lea
Babu Julia here yo what's an Austrian
went yodeling on a mountain so high when
he met with a buddy interrupting his cry
yo it was it was it bunny thing say okay
yo Leah yah yah yah yah yah her boot
rumble Rumble yo Leah here yo once an
Austrian went yelling on a mountain so
pi when he met with the interrupting his
cry yah yah yah yah yah yah yah rumble
Rumble yo yo yo what's an austrian wit
your link on a mountain so high when he
met with up his cry yo lea yah yah yah
yah yah whoo hey whoo
rumble Roman only I 50 are you what's an
Austrian wait no link on mountain so
high when he met with the cow cow
interrupting his crime yo Lee
yo yo yo yo
rumble Rumble you
what's an Austrian with Yoli on Mac in
so high we met with a funky interrupt e
in sky yah yah yah yah yah yah yah
Rumble rival yah yah yah yah but
Austrian with your ring on a mountain so
high when you met with them interrupting
his crime yah yah yah yah yah yah rumble
Rumble yo yo yo Oh
so I got a great question today
I don't leave so the question today is
what's your favorite um or car
entertainment like song it's all there's
home alright hey little boxy oh yeah
prepare bad a day do you do this kind of
stuff in your family and Annie's alright
oh wait I like the one - yeah when you
we were doing that earlier that's how we
kind of got started it's a song yet
never range goes on in alright guys I
will have the foot video and we will see
you tomorrow
toodles bye see you tomorrow always
remember to celebrate like baked potato
baby
thanks for watching
Vitaliy
