always remember to celebrate life ah
thanks for watching vitaliy sing it for
blurry cameras I thought she was asleep
and I went to turn the camera and she
scared me again welcome home for the
weekend miss Haley Friday Friday Friday
Friday well guys today was delivery day
we had for some reason it was one of
those days where we got so much
delivered we got our groceries delivered
because that's the most amazing thing
ever
I didn't have to go to the store look
what we got a big ol bad watermelon did
I accidentally order to things of
bananas oh yeah
whoops better get to eatin some bananas
did you just crush a fortune cookie we
also got our blue apron delivery today
guys that's not all that is not all we
want to see why what why okay let me
watch who's gonna clean that mess up I
am we also got dog food delivered six
bags probably of dog food let me go see
if they're still there cuz we haven't
brought them in or I haven't at least
yep there they are
Thank You Amazon one two three up six
bags of dog food cuz who wants to go to
the store and lug a bag of dog food home
it's so heavy no one so it's Friday
evening
afternoon Friday afternoon what thank
you thinking that we have to do who the
guy toodles
I know we've made them we got them to do
it for us so it is a Friday afternoon
Haley is off of school for the weekend
three days left of first grade she's
gonna have her last day of first grade
for the second time so Annie he is at
TJ's house for her birthday slumber
party sleepover oh my gosh I haven't
been on the hoverboard in forever I'm a
little shaky hi sharing is carrying my
friend oh look I'm doing it
guys this boat it's been such a long
time so um
she's supposed to be filming a little
bit of her evening and night and morning
that just reminds made some Catholic a
lot of doritoes for me huh and they wait
it's in the living branch dipped Hollins
burning
very good tell me look give me give it
like to Zack two more seconds and tell
me if they're for
hmm so we are done practice suddenly
really counting it down there like to
knock our solar but this happens and a
week I'd like missable and now she
kidding Doritos which actually try is it
like really spicy
I'm scared they're good
Nick good flavor but I'm gonna get them
Oh Oh Ahmad register I should probably
go get that ma'am
look at that and we are going to get our
nails done it was perfect watermelon
money what are we doing it gonna do
tonight we we talked about doing what
you remember we talked about going me I
was gonna lay on the couch gently don't
be lazy like oh my gosh that sounds like
such a good idea I was gonna but if we
like go to dinner and then do what we
talked about
we have go buy like ice cream sundae
stuff we maybe Sunday yes I'm saying I
go buy ice cream and whipped cream and
sprinkles and have an ice cream sundae
night
what well I'm the trampoline right now
yeah OOP still in this hoverboard how am
I to get downstairs look at me I feel
like I don't know what I'm doing okay
yeah I know I'm gonna get up or I get
hurt let me go to the couch I made it
how do I get off top one foot off I know
but I feel like it's gonna move it's not
gonna move my okay okay okay I made it I
used to ride that thing all the time
such a pro Hayley such a pro I'm gonna
do all this um um no how about no ah
change of plan
I'm using the back kick oh thanks
huh Little Miss we had to change plans
we decided instead of going to get ice
cream that was already made we're gonna
make our own we're gonna go buy an ice
cream maker cuz we thought that would be
more of an adventure we should buy some
ice cream just in case so we can be like
look what we made right in this
container Breyers container Bluebell hey
is it Breyers where you are a Bluebell
where you are or blue bunny when I was
growing up it was blue blue bellies
alright hit hit the road jack
but the ice-cream adventure making
ice-cream baking adventure begin I bet
you I can get you back in the backseat
go riot ugly
just got kicked alright you want to go
in the back now or you want to be
tickled again
it's still working is just cracked sad
news guys could not find an ice cream
maker and they said hey so now we're
just gonna walk over to the grocery
section and go back to plan one what was
plan one hey there little bum there's
gonna bite the ice cream okay okay we're
just gonna buy it so the camera dropped
earlier and there's the UM little where
tickling and we don't think that you
guys can see it yeah all right it's the
crack on the screen hopefully not the
lens I think we're okay it was scary
so I got she's over her sadness by so
now she's opening the door so now we're
done with the nails oh oh oh
who cares okay
it smells like those Doritos all right
so we got her nails done and T
temperature we got the same thing oh let
me get yep
they're really pretty yes me you're so
smooth feels really good and they're
really pretty and other so called
Richard of it okay I'm trying to book
more than 100 one-armed Buckley that
should be a challenge it let me boy
uh-oh those my shorter Beach it right
there it did not push oh that's hard I'm
not buckling actually it was to I'm
buckling because teach help but anyway
other way now I'm not get to blow on
them I know I've got like like this and
I'm like don't touch anything our
homemade ice cream sundaes are coming
together uh daddy just gotta clear out
don't worry
coming together nicely guys we're
looking yeah we're looking for the oh
yeah it's right here they're out of it
oh that makes me super say just put it
there because we're people muckers fudge
jar camo hot fudge retro I mean we could
get this one but I was looking for the
stuff that hardens that's dark chocolate
I don't like dark chocolate let's
harness this card called magic hardshell
come on keep looking we just can never
go to the store while you're hungry you
guys we came for ice cream and we're
leaving with other step and flowers so
and we're in the fishing section
seriously seriously
Wow what was a quick let's get some ice
cream stuff turned into yeah that was
really silly of me my ice cream is
probably melting hold on a little ice
cream yeah all right ice cream melts
yeah
fun fact fun a factor guys if you didn't
know you learned so much on bratayley
you just watch this and you will learn
the ice cream melts you heard it here
first guys and and we walk out with the
ball two
she's got came in for ice cream walk out
with fishing lures lose a shoe get a
bouncy ball come on show me your
basketball steals hailey I mean skills
steal it from them
oh that's carrying that's carrying
tweet-tweet when you play basketball you
got to keep it down huh that was my
whistle was a tweet there you go you got
to keep that ball down if you do it like
this Hailey and it goes up like high
yeah
it is a feel fatal banana split got even
go about the ice cream scoop we've got
the banana split already was your banana
split all right dig in got a scoop ice
cream hailey decided to go with cherry
vanilla ice cream
silver sprinkles cuz banana splits are
gonna go with the tonight's banana
splits are gonna have sprinkles and not
nuts
cherries Wow Johnny's bananas will still
have nots
hard-shell ya nut tailee all right wow
that was easy
yeah cuz I heated it up ran hot water on
it goes right in the middle of the
banana I need a little bit more than
that yeah I'll start shakin these things
don't take easily one more yeah totally
one more
ah it's nicely done all right for the
next customers hey we've got a little
cough we just took cough medicine all
right so this is the hardshell thank you
so go for it
all right you're gonna have to which is
dripping down mm-hmm banana split
yeah that's a good way to clean it up
Hayley to shoot your hand perfect okay
thank you
let's get some in the can easy does it
there turbo okay
wait get hardened nope let's just pick
the cherries first yeah
super good best ice cream sundae ever
actually it's not an ice cream sundae I
keep saying that it's oh it's a banana
split we split the banana I guess we did
would the homemade be better is this
pretty good
Oh oh wow it hardened up see oh it does
hardened us delicious
ah all right
that was super fun now it's my turn I
got chocolate fudge brownie ice cream
guys good I'm glad you liked it
a gator worn a gator and TJ's driving
and i'ma turn the camera off
see you guys can see the view
we're at her one of her friends houses
my god man Sorento
your dad's friends
standing around while they play like
mortal
it's really really fun she taught me how
to do it good that was really good and
yeah you know just two thirteen year old
and I love your ol just driving around
oh yeah so we're gonna settle down or
not movies and the question is would you
rather vacation on the beach or in the
mountains on the beach on the beach yeah
me too
why would you go to mount it well some
people like to be in the mountains
it's beautiful in the mountains I'd just
rather be on the beach because you get
to slid money and lay out the Sun and
build sandcastles sir yeah I'm here to
go my first one ever
would you rather vacation up wait with
your with her vacation on the beach or
left nut balance yeah every second we
turn it so by E turtles just alright
we're gonna roll the clip to Annie so
she can do the question of the day and
maybe she'll dumb TJ will join her we
just got done with going to her dad's
friend's house and now it's time for
question today because we're already and
it's really tiring yeah yeah
and the question today is would you
rather vacation on the beach or the
mountains Beach better think about this
because mm I'd rather pull over the
beach but I think it'd be really cool to
good balance but I'm scared of heights
my to be Beach because you get to relax
but if I really wanted to go somewhere
cold and I really wanted to travel
travel I'd go to mountains cuz then you
can climb um yeah I'm gonna say Beach I
think yeah yeah so don't forget calm
down below cuz we want to know the
question today is would you rather
vacation to the beach or the mountains
by tomorrow
always remember to celebrate life ah
baked potato baked potato baby
thanks for watching
Vitaliy
