hi for me
so we are going to gymnastics well first
we're going to chick-fil-a because we're
hungry and my ma jury didn't see us
well I'm beating you by going figure
just say K she asked us if you wanted
good cheap way and I'm so excited
because my hair is actually soft now
there were something in my hair there's
a link in my hair where made it like
tangley wasn't no it's like it was just
hair really like sticky and I don't know
it's this is the first time that it's
been like us since Quetta california
pool yeah I think something like
chlorine oh is that like hella snapchat
long ago is that well how long it goes
out like three weeks ago I'd seven weeks
ago
hey no hi yeah you know I here we go I
get food faster as it does get to beer
belly now Serena and I am on mayhem
aboard and I'm giving rocky filled rim
and I look down perfect
okay I'm not wearing any shoes at sea
see cases
so we're done with gym I mean one thing
you are proud of today
nothing everything was the same think of
it it could be that you got really good
lateral thinking because you do that in
the morning sometimes um today what did
I do
Oh Julie does nothing very excited oh we
do I mean I'm proud that Thursday and we
appointed a new day left it's close to
Freddie I have a picture it's like a
little french bulldog going not it's an
English bulldog going like this and it's
like with his little paws it looks like
we're this close to Friday and I send it
to some people in Thursdays not usually
but we're going over to Katie's house
because we're going to do a school day
like we passed because it's Thursday
don't want to stays and Thursdays I just
thought about Haley doing gym right now
haha sucker six quick oh oh okay guys
real mess had a heart attack here so it
was in my lunchbox and it fell out
because my mom accidentally dropped my
lunch box and we couldn't find it I was
like oh wait let me take my phone in my
necklace add my lunch box oh you can
take my lunch box and I was like Oh
where's my necklace I put it back in
there but and then I was like dude your
lunch rocks fall it's all over here and
then myself yeah you got yeah you get
you give yourself credit this is how
Katie gets her bag out so I get my bag
up just like to point out mine is so
much that's why I just pop my on the
ground plan is a computer in it exactly
all my books my computer I'm getting
anyone anyways you are yeah for what
reason oh um cuz that one's all beat up
from two years I would know three years
even though I should have a computer way
longer than that probably good I should
have it for like ten years but I'm
getting a small one I'm getting another
small one cuz it's easier to carry
around
so yeah we're just gonna do school and
exciting right
hey guys so now we are on not I promise
we're not on the roof
okay the roof is all the way right there
we're just on a shed and it's like five
feet up but we are doing our books like
all spread out down there and we're like
scared that they're gonna fall but you
know and we're gonna be doing school up
here and it's gonna be really really fun
you sit up and it's gonna really sting
and if we go my posture today if we like
drop some bonus if you drop something
down there cuz like we'll never get it
back and so we're like all the way down
and shed a bad like chilly this is kind
of scary you're bad you're scaring me
too it's not like ever
yeah so yeah having some fun here it's
really hot but not hot but like it's
humid out here so I had to take off my
jacket so fun haha did you find them do
you find their hiding spot
oh there I'm gonna go there I don't know
how they get there no not that way they
don't go that way they don't go that way
to get that's at the emergency room yeah
that's where you go like up Katie's room
baby hey girls how do you get there how
do you get there from down they climbed
they climb up go around set a good spot
for school it is really well here is
that good or bad but a warm um Roger I
want to see what we yeah what do you do
on your break hope this stuff isn't
poisonous cuz I'm get all in my face
you shoot um arrows oh nice they're
gonna shoot some arrows down if you want
to help Ryan catch him yeah your name Oh
whoa nice that goes up high that looks
like fun
we are gonna go soon whoa oh he might
not be able to get it but it went pretty
close to the bushes yeah
whoa are you nothing
give a better Vantage black TV anything
like leave hey can you guys see anything
like through the jungle
exactly right teamwork going here hey
leave me alone Ryan shoulders he's gonna
boost you up by a shoulders Hayley
there's no other way to do it okay so
now we make the long path fire we were
about to catch fireflies and I told them
that's time to pack up and go home so
we're passing all the books back through
no fire y-yeah fireflies are a but with
otherwise known as lightning bugs
they're the bugs that have to do you'd
catch them in a jar Thank You Ryan we'll
go see if you can find some what we're
packing up I might give you a few
minutes of Firefly okay hunting oh my
goodness you guys yeah they are probably
gonna be out though they were doing
homework you couldn't figure that out
homework outside on the roof Danny you
had your whole backpack out there if you
got it
well hunting all right you've gone don't
let it scare you if it comes up again
every wall from that was amazing and I
cut the tail into that
I was too busy running from the mall I
get the camera out but I think we're
good
don't let it touch ground well it came
very close we were covering everything
all right I have to come and break the
news to the girls that it's finally time
to go girls
yeah that time of the day the saddest
part of your daily are playing some
cards what are we playing fit bolt no oh
it looks like bolt I know but got a
flapjack maneuver thanks for having us
oh I got tired girls can't even let you
hug Katie we'll go hug her granny was
hogging her tomorrow okay all right
leave out Seder won't worry cuz the
balls are getting in mom no but does
that happen right watch your step we've
got a flashlight going the long walk to
the car in the pitch-black Hey oh that's
good
hey guys so we just got out some major
traffic and now it's really really late
and the question today is going to be
what not what up gosh how late was the
latest you've gone to bed on a school
night
mine's like probably one wine o'clock on
a school night was it my fault now like
I only they so late no you couldn't fall
asleep so it's not tonight right now
guys it's 10 o'clock at night on a
school night and they're not gonna be in
bed probably till 10:30 for all this
home this isn't Hayley's Hayley was
probably not your latest yes it is
you think 10:30 latest
I'd say like 11 maybe even later the
love because you couldn't fall asleep or
something you're you caming up my bed
yeah but um so it's gonna be a late
night not as late as one Molly's yours
so that makes me feel a little better
how was your next day practice that when
you fell asleep put one
Oh cover that yawn well you've been a
Wednesday practice so don't forget to
comment down below because we're gonna
know if question today is what is the
latest you've gone to bed on school
night I always remember to celebrate
like hey thanks for watching
Britt Ailey
