time for my traction hey guys so we
finally decided to turn on the camera
today it's four o'clock Oh
Haley's home from school and getting
ready to go to her team gymnastics party
that was Annie's right team to nesic
Sparty end of season awards party fun
food it's gonna be good
yeah I thought you're gonna run my toes
over Haley sport in her new leo
hey we do a Leo leotard fashion show cuz
you guys have got like four or five new
ones since maybe even more so that my
friend is for the sparkling water but
daddy tried to put it in it didn't work
so he's in there and i grouchy mood hit
up videos to see if you can figure why
he heard me he wasn't supposed to hear
that did you figure it out yet we want
sparkling water nah I don't even like
sparkling water guys but our
refrigerator produces it so we figured
we'd try it
any cranny alright so that's the plan
for the day we're about to leave to take
Haley to her partay
and then you'll probably see Annie at
her playdate
I hope not playdate her school study
date that's what they call it study
dates the end of the year is upon us
what
for France here they are
oh I pray all of that you should see
that but 5/10 Hunt's ass crayola crayola
crayola crayola crayola crayola crayola
crayola crayola I lost count crayola
crayola crayola ooh Oh Haley can't Haley
winter last day of first grade oh no
wait I got this one week yeah and
tomorrow a week from tomorrow and where
are we going tomorrow
where are you ditching school for oh we
are going to I don't know this would be
good news or bad news for you guys yeah
cuz traffic was horrible so your dad's
gonna avoid it and you guys get to do
school here and when Haley's done with
practice I'll take you home
not so bad right alright perfect coach
Gary Habermas
practically perfect in every way coach
me I thought those are going to be the
like couple months goes out like last
time that you're gonna do those routines
and then BAM you guys got to do them
again I'm gonna go pick you guys up
something for I got to run to the mall
while you guys start school
all right you want us my knees when you
stayed here oh yes and he didn't eat
hers and it bubbled up I called Bob Lee
I don't like that's disgusting I'll give
you ten says be it she did and so I gave
her good
Hey next time up the price and up the
price the process the chick-fil-a they
search is settled it mix it up but it's
fine
alright so you guys can go find a place
to that's quiet and start some school
back at it again in this room huh all
right do you feel like you guys are just
done here during school not really
there's a couple hours ago
all right so subway I think we've
decided we've been doing school not very
long
how long are the names good you got here
by 8:05 then about an hour six what do
you think it is 14 843 oh did you see
this let's pick my mom most of my god
yeah she got most improved a trophy for
elbow to completing it and she go
I'm level two and let's improve most
improved in representing King
you let must approve a Capri Sun dragon
congratulations Katie huh thus when I
got for my pain what you got for your
party Most Improved what does that mean
Haley that I do had damage this after I
get because you worked really hard every
time you went in there and you got lots
of new skills over the season and this
one and that one what is that just a
yeah just way to do it for level 3 yep
what are you doing Annie trying to get
my head okay what was it the thing all
right I wanted to show you girls
something girls both of you hold on
don't move your girl okay
so I ordered these and then I went and
got some chains so come see what they
are serving about rhymes what what's so
special about it
yep get a weird yes you may and I tried
to get them big enough so they could
slip over your head they said if they
don't we can go back and get look she
Yellin lies yours like that it's a dog
daddy a dog tag and then yours to
celebrate life and then his birthdate
here says the same thing mine does the
same thing as yours mine's the same as
yells but I got gold Lutz a teardrop
so teardrop shape here let's show it
here no the thumbprint goes across the
pit good I wanted it a slip over their
neck so they could take it on and off
for gymnastics easily so that they could
wear it all the time just at gym when
they're good you love it look and then
look there's a charm too
it's got a little angel wing oh wait I'm
gonna see if it fits
what's really cool is can you feel it
feel it with your thumb you can it they
they raised it so it feels like yeah all
this all these years I thought I was the
hair person well daddy
he's here he doesn't any warning uh-huh
uh-huh-huh
okay fine why are we brushing our hair
out though like now
why'd we they think this was a good idea
I know it does naughty hey your hair's a
naughty bad hair
it's been naughty since we went not cool
really the chlorine do something to it
but you know you also had it tied up
like twisted yeah all right it is a
gorgeous night out I'm gonna go Haley's
out here I'm gonna go spy on her
everybody listen to the wind you got it
it's gorgeous out here tonight oh we
could spy on the dogs too how bad they
are
oh she saw me she saw me hey we can see
you from a long way away oh and they
heard me now they're on their best
behavior
oh never mind they're not now they get
on their worst behavior Haley I can see
you from a mile away and that green
shirt way are you listening to Gigi she
can't catch her that's so funny
oh so now I get called in let's see what
oh I'm so sad I don't know how can you
very sad that my I've been replaced
I just told me to do my hair by myself
so I just got daddy
oh I never told you to do your hair is
this good someone was making music Li's
he did pretty good can I can you flip it
up sure yeah it's good
savage burst back walkover wait a second
Bailey Noel what is that still out here
young lady
hey giggle giggle giggle you're gonna be
giggling when I beat you I'm just
kidding guys
oh come me no sorry I'm sorry that you
were talking and then I was talking and
that disturbed you just did it fine hey
Ella
oh my goodness I don't know do it
that's pretty good eventually we're
working on like straightening our legs
and our pointing our toes but we wanted
to concentrate on not falling on our
head arms up by your ears they're kind
of going out like this
okay make sure your arms are up by your
ears nice that's a very laid out you
should be in the same position for your
back handspring you're very laid out on
your bounder swing them down they go
back up by your ears no your arms are
coming way out for some reason all of a
sudden they're coming up you're not an
elephant but with a little better I
don't know why they're coming out so
wide whoa that was high right that was
better
you got a block when you block that
means your legs need to go farther too
oh that was really good you know how it
your coaches make you land in a hollow
body sometimes like in the push-up
position that so that you don't snap
your feet down by your hands oh no she
must be getting hot Oh
chest up
move that shirt so you don't slip on it
but that shirt stays down here - that's
cool
yeah I'm still me that's how the cool
kids do it cool seriously are you I
can't tell if you're being serious or
not no I actually do so cool okay cuz
this is me up and put it down and now
I'm walk it that's how the cool kids do
it I love this let's get a good video or
a good shot of it I can - guess what
something doing it - um guess the song
I don't know Justin way way that way all
right let me see some of Annie's tricks
is that going to hit you in the face
you're cool you're cool look yeah
because that wouldn't be very cool you
guys that would not be cool that's what
you get for trying to be cool you guys
wrestle listen that shirt been out here
I know I told her that I told her I was
gonna beat her and she just laughed too
small
oh geez you hear that guys kids your
watch can clean up after yourselves
double back yeah standing back tuck um
back hands bring back layout step-out
sure using my hands okay
all right nice Haley went up to go get a
drink so I don't think we're gonna have
any Haley any footage because she's
probably not coming back down one more
thing and then I've got to go inside and
straighten up um do I don't know Annie
what can you do on the trampoline that
we haven't seen boo one of those cool
things
oh cool that was pretty cool where you I
don't know it's called you start like a
back handspring but then you twist whoa
yes that yeah it's been a while okay ah
yes that time of year where it's
probably not gonna show on the camera
cuz the camera makes it it's lighter on
the camera oh I just I don't know if the
camera saw it who did telling you the
camera makes it look lighter huh I just
thought whatever here you guys I love
this time of year spring and summer
strong jump yeah like what you're way up
high like that
it's what don't all right
what should I'm changing hearings and I
think yeah and he's getting all dressed
up for dinner we decided to go to dinner
because um we don't have anywhere to be
in the morning now cuz I'm so used to
those anaconda that I can write you
why couldn't you protect it I know I
finally got past the itchiness you just
worked right through it yeah we are
gonna go to dinner and guess what we're
gonna go where I'll back nope you like
it better
Tex is your house nope I think you'll
still like it better like I like
anything ah vision barbecue yeah yeah
alright as I watched that video where
you guys played Rock Paper Scissors
mm-hmm when you lost and then you got
mad at me and she said that we were
gonna go to dinner and then we got too
tired so here we go to vision barbecue
now let's go oh you won't run late night
dinner
we got the sparkling water then listen
yes oh that's my chair upon my blankie
end
Wow me and names are you doing something
or daddy Michigan barbecue prescribe and
paste already right now we're gonna make
him well we don't really relate in yet
back so try to we're we were thinking
about our tortilla just be Jack yes I'm
gay cheese what I'm making chicken
patties and chicken strips I'm going to
make a mic some kind of say he's a
person hey guys so it's time for today
um we're all well I'm ready fair and
Hayley's downstairs doing something I
don't really know
and she's gonna get dressed later and
she declares named a leader but I just
made one up and I said and I'm gonna do
if you could changed today to look a
different date light
I think it's June 7th today I think and
what day would you change it to I would
change it to like but even if it's like
that date it wouldn't be like gadget
we're going to Disneyland just you want
it to be that month because it's really
sunny or you want to go plan of snow
like that so mine would be I kind of
want it to be August I don't know why
it's a random date so don't forget to
comment down below because we want to
know watching of the day is if you gene
date to whatever date you want to Larry
explain my roles what date would be so
look bye I'll see you tomorrow
but Papa Papa Papa always remember to
celebrate life
baked potato baked potato
thanks for watching
Vitaliy
