time for by JK hey so this is my hair
right now it's not as curly frizzy right
now but that's it looks like it almost
looks like a rat's nest but look I can
put my fingers fingers to it um and
we're going to gymnastics Haley at
school Padres at home and with the dogs
and you guys didn't we're tuned in
yesterday she after she washed her hair
she would you had to do it um I curl put
it and like the two strands and I
twisted those together and then I put in
like a little money bun and tied it and
then slept in it
this happened yep but it was where
earlier it doesn't look curly anymore
it's wavy hair doesn't look how curl it
was it was so girly hip taking a picture
I'm smart
what about it I was like no it's gonna
study but it's not look little per
distance it's just where your part was I
don't like my overnight where you had it
tied up but and no for you to come
amongst it sucks maybe laughs well that
sounds weird in the morning kind of full
day ahead of us an e/m awful week ahead
of me Oh Monday morning blues oh ma ma
ma ma ma ma I tried right ready can you
can you see it
a little bit ready ready ready ma ma Rob
too much time I don't know nah not my
oats job yet I'm in the morning traffic
guys Matt yep oh it's wonderful you
guessed it I'm saying in my head go what
you're saying in your head yeah good I
love mondays nope but Nana's it good I
was gonna be my second right now I guess
I love my mom I've been filming for two
months to 38 39 40 46 congratulation
okay oh oh three minutes ice cream Manny
just picking up and we're going to ice
cream yeah what traffic traffic when you
gonna be little proof I don't understand
the topic sometimes there's not yeah
nothing there there's no thing wait you
can't see that there's no thing kinny
it is the last bit you're doing it right
it's weird that they're just like in a
tiny box right now for us but you're not
you're in a big my real people
hi real people it's like we're about
face height leg
ah I can't see them back huh no they can
huh lucky dogs
do you think it's weird that so many
people watch your videos form yeah when
is my I guys here's my I do you like my
own hmm here's my other eye but what
we're talking about how many kids are
gonna have are you gonna name them okay
okay so is that have three kids I'm
gonna name Jack Izzy and Zoey
and then if I have three boys
then I'm gonna have Jack
miles whoo playing
booger
I think that's like a stinker
miles Jack in another boy name she was
that she said Caleb
but Annie decided to steal both Caleb
and David right yeah yeah
what if you have kids first yeah what
have you had kids first honey what have
you had a baby before at her or a boy
before her okay would you steal the name
yeah wait I can't have a boy before her
girl why not he's older than me but you
could if you have kids before her as you
can all right
surprise ice cream in full-swing name
that ice cream flavor Haley wait I got
this I'm gonna do a mix of sprinkles and
chocolate
wrinkles wrinkles wrinkles spring clot
spring clot like sprinkles and chocolate
doing spring class so we got we both got
chocolate ice cream we basically have
twin ice creams five hours later
litleo behind you she likes it that girl
is well it's like 20 minutes after
breakfast upended we really like litter
Kathy are you wanting a chit again wait
for 24 minutes after practice and we are
still here ladies and gentlemen now
you're ready okay what guys we got a
cover for the swap I was there zoomed
over the truck now the bags won't get
rained on very oh yeah we have a cover
cat rice okay you're not can all go in
there snow worries now guys it's got a
bed liner and a cover what's today -
what Monday the 6th of June - my
birthday's in
by peanut
how many days 20 days night one day's
midnight team day it folds up I just
don't know how to do it I don't want to
do it oh wait that's not it
hey you're gonna break it yeah alright
let's just get in the car and go home
cuz now it's probably six o'clock at
work at work what were that what where
are we going lady here little plan they
always work the little plans always work
knows that each of us I'm gonna had to
have a whole debate remember that
say I'm at oh yeah it was trying to be
nice on our side and you try get lawyer
but it didn't really work he was like
what like what what do I do
so what are we get to go do eat crevel
us yes we heard from Billy that there's
some crabs in the trap we are gonna go
see if this is true katie gets to come
with it's like we come home and eat like
surprise no crab surprise I lied is my
mom allowed her to come with us which is
super I'm kind of a crab but not export
soaps kidding you are pretty good about
yeah kinda good she knows for you now
let's you're all my life first may Allah
jizz gonna teach us so cuz apparently
you can't eat and female crabs here but
we can eat the mail so certain size and
has to be a certain size so she's gonna
teach us the ways females can have
babies and babies mean more crabs and
more crabs means more in my tummy that
is very good point and plus things like
in your little area I have more crabs
right here we go we're gonna eat some
crabs like we're gonna make our own
dinner like we're gonna catch our own
dinner that is really exciting I don't
buy dinner for you guys too many girls
hope I know right hi q 3 3 3
crabs are they big enough they look like
they're big enough it's definitely
why they're all down oh it's from the
nikah food right no fish it's got a crab
leg yeah
oh man poor ones crab power end up in
Lego oh I hope the ocean next our fish
what's it up googly-moogly that I don't
think they grow back okay he died drink
at Machpelah okay she's gonna do a back
handspring guys nice Haley's not
interested in crabbing with us so step
one you guys
I don't taught you market it fun though
they're called crab pods I say that
right pot crab pot anything like try to
get now now you want to take it out and
you don't have dinner okay some 3k
considered a Manny what about if they
can get out of that it's fine you're
fine you're fun they're being very
stubborn get out like bad for now how do
you feel at you just like really caught
your own food and I feel like living off
the land you kind of feel like man vs.
wild right now woman there's wild all
right who's gonna pick one up me me King
they are they're not happy I feel like
sauce chosen brewing from heaven this is
where Haley's hanging out while we hunt
for food nice it's getting better you
don't want to go crabbing just want to
do some jumping
Haley that's getting really good stick
it try again you got it nice
you having fun Piper
mmm Tony's mm-hmm we're going Cajun
style guys slowly style we go there's a
lot of style they were very stylish so
we're heading down um weren't mean here
you're going to fish and yeah it's gonna
be very fun and we're just looking to
entice you know okay then how about your
evening
yeah you never know guys you could cook
another one oh it almost looked like it
for a second name I mean yeah I know
soon so yeah I'm gonna fish I go first
oh this right there um you you should
probably this one mr. Bailey can I use
the net to get a crab it's right there
watch which I use this one that's cool
good
why scared away cool I'm gonna keep it
here whispering out from the grab this
one I like
oh yeah but hey Dad let's see if you can
do this let's see kitty skills no oh my
gosh you got stuck in the thing to Bob
Bob Iger something over here
someone over here what
kake's he found one when when someone
says oh I found something I'm like daddy
hey thank you okay be careful you don't
fall in please I'll try right there
excuse me tell me where you need me to
go um I really don't
know what the heck I'm very good at this
how do you feel about that sad really
sad that's a kid like I feel like I have
to do at least one now okay I fished
like really three years I couldn't catch
anything because when it kind of my eyes
kept right you didn't know you had to
give a little yank ink would be really
bad ah how bad
Piper's that she'll help you I really
want to see one of you guys catch
something that would make my day why you
can't have like pet them first
I keep Philidor something on my line but
it's called yo seaweed oh look at that I
got a big one huh you are about to get
out the crabs are you gonna pick it up
Adam yet huh I'm gonna justify it sir
in the hot water now that says whoa we
did it guys we fixed her own dinner
yogi what is weird to think of those you
know
I know way too big crabs well six claws
I'm not gonna eat any I'll take a little
bite just so I can say I did it but you
guys you know how to eat a crap yeah
crab legs at least good cuz I ate the
matter foster no grab legs
smells delicious you guys I must admit
good work captain
so three crabs are not gonna be enough
dinner for five people so so sucker
daddy and I will enjoy these crabs why
tonight
chopped liver all right yes stirred but
I call it we-e-ell must apples I have
apples I have fruit no what is it yeah
right no none of that's good no got
Nigri you stick your finger in there
that's to say this so disgusting it's
good that's good yeah you can eat this -
it's fine oh it's gross yeah little see
if it's good you're right hot no should
be finding a way to the feeder mm-hmm
all right yeah but really but he approve
is this the feisty one no this is it
that big disclose our yeah a lot of meat
in there well can you wait to get your
fingers on that Hey are they still too
hot for you guys yeah they're not too
hot you guys can go for it Oh Haley and
Annie
I mean Haley and Katie you need a bite
are you gonna feed Katie to Billy that
is so cute you feed me she wants me so
I'm gonna use this metal tool there we
go okay I never thought this was over
all right Katie here's your bite
Oh way ahead must hit on it shove it
like the mustard oh my not really
mustard you guys it's the fastest way I
just ate nothing you're not really
mustard Oh everything at you this
country's dingy oh yeah
oh come on we all came up in this anyway
yeah it didn't hurt she's like this al
made this you know we're like no don't
eat that all they're getting the call
it's going to feel like pasta Oh yummy
this is what I don't get you guys this
is so much work for such little food
yeah but it's good food
cavitus a lot of workers like this like
that so good
not my favorite animal trivia
wait where's a man's yes so it wasn't a
real name what's the question
it's gorgeous yeah largest mammal is it
well I said blue I guess you need to be
more specific well there you go
something just let yourself on in Piper
Thanks
what's the Ottawa yeah what what is the
only mammal that lays eggs
how to pie floral could they all do not
just one maybe just not only nice maybe
it's just Harry Harry the plan no it's
actually by Piper did you know did you
know that peacocks don't lay eggs never
thought about it
oh I don't I think that using what I do
they give me my birth - hmm live
what do they get don't lay an egg and
they come from her ah peacocks no later
than that pecans Oh cuz the peacocks the
male a peahen is weird
the more you know guys oh you know what
so we're ever talking about peacocks and
I said the more you know and wasn't that
the NBC thing where this is a peacock it
was like the more you know they do
probably don't know that I know that is
not cool
thank you your mother and me see it's a
peacock especially um with Verna then if
it's pretty its male oh that's not how
humans are but ladies got to the look
horses Redbirds yeah pretty pretty
pretty rebels ugly guys Haley
no ill they wrote the ugly brown yeah
dancing back there keep your face the
ugly brown Cardinals or females oh
pretty red ones are males I wasn't going
pretty I'll call it red very nice tone
brown better known as yet Oh Katie left
sadly and but I'll see her again
tomorrow but now everybody settling down
who on bajamas and ready for bed so it's
half cousin day which is if you were a
superhero what would your name be mine
would be this is tough one Haley no go
first okay none would be halo like he
lead
oh wait no i'm ricki my like with it
invincible and vincible like Annie
invincible and this invincible and I'm
invincible
hey so don't forget Elmo doesn't even
know the question of the day is if you
were superior what would you would you
what would your name bye see you
tomorrow
toodles toodles toodles to always
remember to celebrate like a baked
potato hey hey
thanks for watching
Vitaliy
