hi for me
good morning that's right guys she got
to pick a Leo it was in Elia
Long Sleeve Leo they don't have to wear
of their old competition Leo oh so if
you hadn't heard you haven't heard and
he's got a move up meet today and let's
just explain to everybody yes
do you know how much I'm knock me for
someone moving up and if they move up
they move up in this gym well
technically it doesn't mean if she
scores out of level eight it does not
necessarily mean she's going to level
nine it just made me sit alone it means
yes if she gets a certain score which is
I think a 32 then she's scored out of
level eight according to USAG and she
can then go to nine doesn't mean that
she's gonna go to level nine he's got
some skills that she needs to get but
that means she doesn't have to worry
about level eight anymore if she's not
ready to go level nine no harm no foul
she just competes level eight so I
didn't I don't want anybody to get
confused say oh my gosh and he's going
level nine we don't know that yet
I just we're getting it out of the way
so that this summer she can train level
nine night go to level my vomiting next
when she might go to level nine
everyone's gonna be excited yeah and if
she's not everyone's gonna be like this
boo Andi Meghan Wow Hayley I think would
be proud of her either way that what you
meant we're going into the
practice no practice practice yell
surprise you I have to practice guys go
read my face is getting mommy how much
longer another family about 45 minutes
45 minutes and are you excited or
nervous
Oh like half and half your nerve side a
left side and bring back memories from
two years ago and Thomas what happened
who helped me start on my nose what were
being I want something more for not
floor no no not for not for we're just
enough for people I know what if we
start up or she's gonna melt for what
what wait where what I think it was like
a day stuck again yeah your came up mean
step again Katie pika don't push the
crutch of Gary all right oh yeah yeah
yeah so we're looking for everything
that we packed nervous you're nervous
yeah that's right
Michigan by justice our Jim Duggan she
decided that she to make it less like a
meet she doesn't want to switch over to
her meat bag though beautiful yeah oh
say something oh is Caleb on her nails
she did someone steal nails in their
each one somebody forgot to take their
toe nail polish off
click you're speeding all her little
parties and one freely she's not doing
it like birds really right exactly that
would be gross I know how she comes in
she doesn't want it no parents are
allowed on the gymnastics equipment for
safety reason miss Jill no parents we
all know how that turns out yeah very
bunny boy it's not like mama put thank
you thank you
Ronnie thank you luckily I'm like I know
she was working on her full twisting
double back you guys how you guys feel
nervous I'm not getting a little nervous
eating yeah mine are CD anything you
don't eat I agree angles and nurseries
registration my decision yeah tinkles
and then fuse a magician laughing about
that Andy yeah you've brought me a hot
dog let me bring in Jogja million thanks
dude it was a $3 hot dog no cuz you got
two dollars back
it's my money
don't eat the foil all right we got
pretty good viewing from up here good
we're a little worried about bars being
way over there behind that pillar but
maybe it'll be on the other bar we don't
know find this coral girl you guys see
them right they're making it way over to
their coach this meets about to start
all right we're kind of excited it's
gonna be fun the girls are warming up
here at the move-up meet and you might
be wondering why they all have different
Leos on you can see there's some fur
over
they're allowed to wear any long sleeves
Leo that they want today
so it was like Annie Tabitha and Katie
went a little off the board and are not
wearing the for overall Leos I think the
other girls possibly just don't have
fair this is a little different that's
not her regular girl girly yeah and I
think I heard alia say she doesn't have
one so this works yeah I live to see the
coral back in action
Mary's checking out the equipment that
is that does that work Mary oh wait wait
warms up thumbs down we're trying to
determine weather maps I think we're
both linked into the pigs it's a ball
earlier but they both into a solid
surface then we think that you'd be able
to do the chance I think they will be
doing near chenko coach Mary decision
but if they she's checking it out right
now they might be doing this right you
guys we are pretty sure that we're
starting on beam because they are they
got really excited we're jumping up and
down so they got what they wanted well
via didn't but she's okay and they are
warming up their Beamer Dean's
they're about to get this show on the
road okay correction it looks like we
are starting on vault which we don't
know why they were jumping up and down
maybe because they were ending on floor
we're going to state another correction
here no one's starting on vault
everybody's starting everybody the whole
meat is starting on four and bean so I
think they were just
testing out the ball we really don't
know what's going on that's what I'm
basically saying the bottom line is for
you'll be able to see yes if you just
don't eventually you'll see some good
stuff and I stopped the stop that was
weird but my final guess is we're
starting on floor okay look at that okay
one of these events is going to be right
I think we're starting bought bars be
more floor like one of those I'm going
with legacies because they were warming
up they're being with you
they were warming up they're being so
you're going to stick with be sticking
with me are you ready to see this for
birdie
they're getting ready to compete
they're warm up almost son or starting
on floor invention for her
we don't have a good angle from here
got beam out of the way so excited
what were you trying to tell me
you're a person and you're doing it
you're pink oh all right
really be back tonight thank you for
that bag of ice via went and got any a
bag of ice
we've hurt our finger on vault one
little finger not your neck
Amy not your anything else just a finger
so I don't have anything there but it
was a cool I'd look really it was pretty
cool what slide this slide in the song
on a bridge hangzhou mortified my ankle
there was no slide but maybe I just like
looked away pretty snazzy
I don't know whatever any injury to
de-stress my Center finger oh she's just
icing her fingers that's can I don't
know her though right over there and it
feels so good here what does the eyes on
you if you want on your icing your body
just for a little finger guys look at
all my metals I got I got five medals
and we're done just like that they all
qualified every single one of them
qualified hey go back back
alright Cracker Barrel is life I agree
BIA I'm so hungry
I am NOT adding yes you kept saying I am
eating chicken and dumpling if anybody
cares and mac and cheese
and mac and cheese thank you like I
don't even need a menu what's wrong you
drank all of us how did you guys do
those when you were kids or do you do
this if you are a kid blow the bubble
real if you're not eating weird or not
occurring it
so goodness gracious can't take you guys
anywhere any they're going to work just
like that we're done we can't we go
through Concord level eight yeah these
kicks level eights booty that's right
silently see leader thank you and
welcome thank you guys it just started
pouring down rain you have any punctual
come on it
come on whether work with us here
coming up bring your horsey purse hello
so um I have my hair like this because I
want it to be like curly and all I did
was twisted it and then put it in a
little bun anyways so yeah this is my
little hairstyle and um Hayley's owning
how to do ponytail now start requesting
today but before we get onto that um
this year I get to trim of nine if I
have all my mother nine skills I get to
go to I get to compete Leblon we'd
rather bungee jump or skydive bungee
jump starter what I think you guys have
a bungee jump because I think it's more
safer oh yeah uh safer but like how
would you feel feel like yeah I went
skydiving don't free Tom to Luke's do
you want to know the question today is
the other bungee jumping skydiving
to celebrate life
baked potato baked potato babe thanks
for watching
Vitaliy
