so what we well I didn't I finished a
desk school that's always good and we're
going to pick up Haley from no first
going to chick-fil-a to eat and we're
gonna bring Chiclets Haley and yeah then
you're going where where where are we
going again
the heart doctor so they like they're
like put you like in a I'm trying to
figure it out
so when you go into a doctor room just
to get a check-up there's like this bag
and they put you in that bed and um the
like hook like stickers with like wires
on to your stomach and near your heart
and it feels really cool when they take
them off that's the fun part
umm and yeah it's really cool and then
they have like this little thing that
goes on your heart and it like sees
where your heart is and now I know that
my heart does not like to be seen on one
of those Haley's just worked way better
than mine it was like oh well that
worked that I'm she was like having to
move it around my heart yes yeah so this
is just a checkup
yeah so check the heart make sure it
looks like it should right don't have
like a muscle around my heart I felt a
connection
hmm why do they call hearts hearts they
don't look like a heart it's not a heart
it's just like this big circular thing a
muscle it's your heart the biggest
muscle in your body
no like you mean the stronger that isn't
the tongue the strongest like for its
size or something is it a because you
can move it like way more than any force
as you use it them us well you use your
ring hi how was school hey it is great
yeah you did like two classes that you
finished your day from Katie's house
yesterday in about a nail she said that
happen when she says that fall poor
Winnie how was school hey great things
your boo was your day good good e yeah
yeah do you learn anything in a half a
day of school would you like half a
thing yep
you don't ruin anything
you know where we're going we're like
what does what doctor you see we were
going to the doctor didn't you hit Venus
Brisas Freitas or the doctor yeah so no
matter sends no other allergies nothing
like that true measurement yes this is
the intraventricular septum so that's
the wall between the two ventricles and
then this is the wall that you look at
that's free wall the left entrance it is
all legible
okay so people people that pepper turn a
quarter mile really what happens is
little walls are over to measure exactly
there to there so that's not Caroline
that's roll but you know real a true
friend laughing it's you know fifteen so
update us how'd it go
no changes right good heart yep
nope your muscles still good your extra
muscle and so their their hearts haven't
changed which is what we're looking for
and monitoring and we're gonna continue
to monitor them probably more often than
the doctor recommends trouble he wasn't
he was like you only need to be seen
once a year
and we're like okay so every six months
we'll see you and he's like yeah so
you'd like see any year like okay we'll
see in six months
so that's that hearts are good guys
July July 200 times
December December would be six months
what's wrong with that I'm a birthday
okay so Andy's got Jim and Haley gets
the rest of the day off so guess what
we're doing next Wednesday what we're
going to GK the design Ally oh really
yeah
like negative yeah it don't be like
it'll be like you're leo like and if we
come up with something good it'll be
available on like the maker shop if you
don't come oppositely get it well I
don't want to put something out there
that we don't like right so let's see
what we can get done the first time and
we'll keep working on it but that's
gonna be exciting
well bratayley Leo's Andy and Haley
Leo's was like I don't mean like Nastya
I thought about your name my name on a
Leo
hey parsimony no come on yeah you're
rich well don't drop your biggest bill
goofball seriously though I borrow some
money I wanna go out with my friends
tonight please King kinda a little bit
wait really just 10 bucks
no she won't let me borrow any money
Annie how am I supposed to go out with
my friends now which is she's it I have
a few friends yeah you sit out there
counting her money missing you look
comfy you look comfy to school we're
talking again on that video you drop a
trip laughter straight with chip oh yeah
here it is
feels very welcome what are you working
on okay let's see it on this bright
orange paper yeah look how good her
cursive is you guys do you guys work
writing cursive oh that's a great
question of the day do you write in
cursive or do you print an e cursive I
didn't know I Haley do you still write
in cursive at school you still write in
cursive do write in cursive still yeah
you do oh so you print but just for the
test yeah you finally given me some
money so you say the way you make sure
you like hey that's mine what what whoa
whoa that's how you give people money
yeah
you're insane to work with i money yeah
the truth you guys I just felt I were to
go to bed Piper go to bed go to bed
fiver
okay winning when you go to bed oh never
you get out of the bed Winnie Winnie go
to bed when you go to bed I never get
out of there I want to think when you
try to go to bed all right
Boober come here Piper come here Whitney
go to bed when you go to bed nobody know
this bed with you she's like did you
stop coming Whitney go to bed
barbar I'm gonna lay down now harder -
Piper are you kidding what are you doing
in that little tiny change that CDs
caved Winnie
your turn go to bed go to bed Winnie
Winnie go to bed when he's like you're
crazy
say gg gg go to bed
keke cheat you go to bed she's like kind
of just go outside
Whitney Whitney were kidding you know
how to go downstairs to bed Piper what
Piper could've been Piper Piper look at
her tail okay oh hey I hope you pyrovile
her bed I forgot a bed I think she
thinks it's funny
oh this kid had a good girl
you listened so well Rockabye Baby and
baby falling from the treetops
understand it but now that we understand
meaning and hey guys she was like
mid-sentence singing at the top of her
lungs and she hit record like hey guys
oh my alone bunny are singing um Billy
I want to be a billionaire so she was
singing along English so we were just at
Katie's but now he came back and we
dinner are you always question yourself
yes dinner and now we're coming back
because it's Brian's birthday and we're
gonna go celebrate and eat cake and yeah
it's not a birthday present
that's cool all right let's see it
not really
wow that is so cool today regarding I
gently watch me name is about that yeah
that is a really cool project
she can't your own okay
hold the milk please oh yes I will hold
the milk I don't have it mo ket okay now
I have it Maisie
Wow me 10th row that's upside down there
we go this is happy that is really good
too oh you're like a pro thank you
we should be like cub bunnies nobody's
coke makes money do we have a kite
wait we have a pan right where is it
where enemy this could be search and
rescue gonna be searching you'll get it
we have to okay water
no that's super sad what do we do
they're gonna they're gonna get it yeah
they're gonna be fine then it might draw
it need to dry a little bit and
everything will be good everything is
gonna be totally fine your mind's gonna
be happy again yes it will dark out here
now but they better move quick yes
all right what's your plan Kate oh do
you have a plan that was a negative good
plan go in the kayak and save it okay
now to get the kayak out you have to do
the same thing
yeah stick to lean over and they follow
my god yeah so it's nice when the waters
height of our Zolo right now yeah a
little monkey is very mucky ours is too
is it yeah okay it's not a paddle board
Kate remember okay she goes in that
would be funny
yeah then we need to go save her yes
she's using as a puppy
it's a birthday airplane disaster the
waters too low am I gonna get my
there you go your Scouten out Oh
nicely done no one's in the water yet
okay yay well they can just get back yet
bring it back to safety we'll all be
good I'll be good in birthday land she's
pretty good on that
not her first rodeo on that thing it's
not I think it's it was probably not
even the first time saving something
lots of things go in the drink if you
know what I mean uh-huh now see how they
team work out of this Andy's waiting on
the side to receive them let's see if
she can pull the kayak up or at least
get them out of there soon I think she's
just gonna stand there the question is
to be him to plain out I think they
should hand the plane out okay oh jeez
but let's see how they do
okay Annie's not in on the move OOP take
a flip flops up yeah yeah there you go
smart Oh what Katie right now not that
smart could you watch your hand and your
orange you can pull you in that one
deeper it'd be Kate if you go deeper in
the water be easier Pete
huh
oh oh can you see what's going on nicely
done almost oh I've been there
oh the team's all out now like this is
every all hands on deck you can't leave
the kayak and there you gotta get that
out they they brought in reinforcements
my eyes were glued to it I didn't move
my dignity too far oh man I hope you
were able to follow that I might have
I'm not sure enough this is hysterical
decided it was born he went ahead and
launched it it was like it went straight
over the pier over the water and into
the sticks yeah
not sure right there could be we are but
we're real really good at Swiss snake a
hundred or so I've heard say nice nice
nice good good job oh look what's going
on over here everything's coming
together
don't throw it don't throw oh okay
are we as an official if disaster is
recovering it's clear nice and we have
the kayak oh whoa guys nicely done that
was touch and go for a while ladies
enjoy your burn sir
all right
would you guys $1 hey guys so we just
got back I'm doing question today so
your question be done is it please if
you won the lottery what would you do
hmm
the lottery is when you win a bunch of
money woo oh I know I'm like a bunch of
monoamine Annie is weight is charity
giving in to people um I would like I
would get charity I'd buy a horse
um I would put some in my college step
on yeah Alex yeah college stuff of
course lady I put it in a saving like
what piggy bank that payment just in
case just in case mmm yeah um don't
forget to comment down below just leave
on another day if you wait I've ever
even always on there that no then they
might not see I know like lying on
there's like a line line with line this
was the first eight
are you okay lately no good comfortable
too much today oh don't forget to calm
down looks you know the question the day
is you want your blood irony won't win
what would you do by tomorrow hey always
a number to celebrate life ah babe a
thanks for watching Brit Ailee
