so we read you're not supposed to feed
ducks bread we read but we did read we
could feed them grapes which we don't
have any or leafy vegetables all right
so there's two ducks over here so
they're gonna be our guinea pigs our
guinea guys our guinea ducks
Annie's at the Jim Haley's at school so
Billy and I are hanging out on this day
this beautiful day we got the dogs out
here with us we're gonna try to feed
some ducks just throw some throw one and
see what happens don't be scared well
they're gonna hear it they're gonna hear
a piece of ya watch go be so strong
eating their spinach hey Dad
they call come when they're called yeah
that works did you hear it I heard it
plop I am look at this bird is this duck
you want your veggies he like looks away
every time how did I know all right
we'll leave those out and see what they
do with those mister don't throw any I
thought those Ducks were smarter than
they were we're going back under the
shade grades I kick you out too
yeah oh well it was worth a shot
he'll probably come get it and eat when
we're gone oh we got a fish come see
Viper we caught when Piper
the big one the little one Oh Piper
false alarm
false alarm it was just a drill Piper
Piper Piper do you wanna check for some
crabs in the crab pot come on let's go
to catch one I mean let's go check it
let's go see if we got something come on
if not we'll catch that bad yeah this
little thing let's go see let's pull it
up Piper really really really enjoys all
this hunting and fishing all right pipe
what'd we get where are you gonna stand
right there okay yeah whatever Piper you
caught one however you got to what three
hum pipe you did it
you're a crapper yeah I'll get you we're
gonna let him go Piper
they're good bite ah that's how I was
scared pyro is going to help you out a
little
hmm scared her
that was very successful look you jumped
half a mile and that thing came out yes
what's going on over your chickens honey
GG are you hiding are you hiding back
here
what don't get mad at us cuz you're a
weenie
apparently the mistake over there
seriously guys this is all the Annie and
Billy have done they fished and they've
grabbed and they've snake hunted and
Piper is enjoying every minute of it and
these two that's what that's what
they're doing hanging out back here
we're relaxing there the hunters and
we're relaxing your earrings are key
what are those emojis
oh there's our yen she's like spying on
it and that's creepy
Annie D now you're being filmed my over
the camera talking done wait wait yeah
travel I told my mom oh my gosh why no
she was like you got kid where I was
like oh my would always ask you to bite
down I didn't kick her she ran into my
foot
that's it you Sizzix know it was here
some time that you requested
beyond that kind no cheese CSE I know so
very picky all right so I'll see you
later okay Annie Steiner welcome I want
those happy to use and to winners you
can hear sugar there you have to pick
they're just good good good hard to
share a closer picture of someone else's
own restaurant Instagram no God was not
food be right hey guys
all right now bring on the catch cuz I'm
about to cook them and um I'm watching
TV
look me and I'm sucking on something
ah it's a little it tastes like lanky
we're pretty much doing nothing today
except going again and so whatever I
went to school it so pretty much that's
it we just found out not just that we
are going to a level 18 me is that
what it's called yeah move at me on
Sunday and oh sorry but today we like
practice practice practice for it
brought your prejudice board I packed my
practice for iPad and we did all three
events because I didn't even do volt
because of the pit with pit box for like
empty
9o m and let's tell them how we did so
on floor well in all I got a 35 535 is
enough
oh but and you handing out it's over 30
to 2 and I got a 92 1 floor a 9 for on
beam and an 8 9 on 5 and we didn't do
vault but she just gave me an 8 because
it's been handspring and MobileLite you
know I'm just not gonna get my phone
into that and Haiti what'd you get
so I got an 8 9 m floor because I fell
my friends really protect I got a 901
BMG no no but they got sport at
gymnastics cuz they're going to be
having me today
oh so then I know one beam because I had
like mix of Asia with my dance I
couldn't do Morrison ROM I grew up in
New Jersey and I couldn't do fault
because like when we did Oh cuz if it
wasn't it was empty
nice lumpy
it's good enough for today
so hello guy right now I am putting my
school stuff away me and Katie are done
well Katie
doing math I'll just put my stuff away I
got a lot to done even or like so my
father school oops
um yeah schools fun right now for some
odd reason guys my backpack is so heavy
like not kidding
yeah don't be here why where do you want
me to be not here
where's Katie she's outside school
you're not doing school together
no she ditched me she ditched you for
her Madre Oh she needed help do you need
help from your Madre no I'm returning it
looks got a little Caleb on there oh my
bag cuteness all right we're out of here
go tell Katie goodbye I love her shoes
no you can't steal them come back you
cannot steal her shoes head fan and
you're gonna say what I knew handstand
like you just like in three pots that's
always dangerous good Mary let's just do
it yeah you make the student six five
what ready and if it had two
competitions whoever Falls pass no power
don't fall into the okay we'll come back
this way see if you fall you don't hit
something try again
nice
yeah we say press handstand ready go
what I heard you did some amazing press
handstands into the pit today so let's
do it
oh let's go back just a little there you
go
oh man getting like a thousand of this
okay
oh my gosh little girl has dog hair all
over all right guys so what we're
working on today we've got a project
that we're working on we got a new intro
rolling out but you might see it on the
video before yeah before this video
comes out but um the girls are recording
yep the girls are recording voiceovers
what was yours no not that oh I thought
you're talking about that is it's cool
oh yeah okay on Friday we have a little
red carpet and you're supposed to get a
book I like to have a book that everyone
knows that we have read and I just think
that's a piggy and elephant gerald
picking joke
yes gerald an elephant and you're gonna
be that character on the red carpet
right and you have to answer questions
as if you were the character like the
real real character what like what yeah
and Haley you know how to be Haley on
the red carpet but do you know how to be
an elephant on the red carpet okay so
back to this project where we've got a
voiceover we're rear according some
voiceovers we're keeping the baked
potato song we are keeping Haley and
Caleb saying it's time for Batali we're
recording a new little spot let me see
if I can show you so let's see it's kind
of exciting so this is
Wow that's what they've already recorded
yeah so that's gonna stay the same
oh that's just where I'm holding and
space fillers so you'd have to listen
and not watch the music please right cuz
like that one or that one and then we
have some don't forget always remember
to celebrate life
always remember celebrate life always
remember to celebrate life always
remember to celebrate life which ones do
you guys like got we got lots of options
um let's compare ankles Judaism or spa
look at that
I'm going to the doctor I'm gonna have
to make it up doctor's appointment
tomorrow but coach Mitch isn't slow and
it hurts oh my god has just fell off my
head okay so that's perfect right when
we um the day that we find out you have
a meet
Annie's foot swells you didn't do
anything to it right or it popped it
felt like it just a regular pop though
right and then sort of heard it next day
which is today so we're gonna ice it
take some motrin oh yeah yes um do you
guys like where you said celebrate life
together I like um the always remembers
all right like but I didn't like like I
want to shoot it again you want to
rerecord it yeah
alrighty then so you guys stay tuned and
see what we come up with with time to
add some of our new stuff we're kind of
excited guys my foot is and I thought it
uh he's putting a thermometer in to see
if he needs to pull i Ã´m I guess is 54
55 let's do this
6450 955 Klos real oh wait Mary wait
really
ball did I guess that guy guess that
boom us real injured people can elevate
ourselves room
can you please oh I'm not a member
I quit with my friend got hurt you say
I'm a dead man
Oh had an injury that you have to act
yes me do it yes you know what well I'd
never I did realize no no I think
everyone know baby
you guys didn't you I just felt what
time did she ice her fingers or did she
Isis stitches oh okay
this Molly have you ever put your foot
in a nice position by always remember to
celebrate life
baked potato baked potato baby
thanks for watching Vitaliy
