alright guys here's the lowdown I'm
elevating my foot we have realized that
we are last-minute party shoppers always
we are on our way to a birthday party
daddy daddy guys daddy's friend from
work dot honor yes she just turned two
and we're gonna go help her celebrate
her birthday and Hayley's busy making
her card we're like literally on our way
we're gonna go guys I'm gonna eat and
head to the birthday but we haven't
bought her a present yet so there's
gonna be a stop there two holes sitting
by trash congratulations
yes best friend Annie it's an empty
trash can what yes and we heard there's
gonna yeah that's a great thing to have
with messy Haley around you will have
fun I love Robert
Haley like can't wait because what did
you say this morning I said I'm gonna be
where I am because I I know what you
meant but it was funny how you said I'm
gonna be where I am most people are
where they are what she meant she's
gonna be like with her people I'm
inviting oh gosh can I go
I made her stop so we could film and
she's like way doing a bated breath to
make some music please thank you nope no
nope
so Haley likes to hang out with little
kids but it's such good lighting fine
Annie will be back in a second then yeah
did you get your good lighting so
everybody go and like that video be like
oh my gosh the lighting is beautiful
what's your play basically oh I know
what we need to discuss you're at 2.96
no that's not what we needed to discuss
we need to discuss what people have been
saying that they have Annie's private
and sorry private there is no private
musically Konica yes right so let's go
over all our official social media
accounts so that we make sure that no
one's following a fake account and that
they know where we are on social media
so start with Instagram Instagram
officially bratayley
prescient soon
super haley seven officially dad Haley
alright let's move on to snapchats we
only have one and it's prettily on snap
that's it that's it
twitter is bratayley I use Twitter
sometimes like retweet people and to
push out information but instagrams
we're probably mostly on Instagram Annie
on musically you are press handstand
seven musically Haley is super Haley and
on musically daddy is dad Haley and then
our official YouTube's our Forte Lee
acro Anna Ellie Anya our collab channels
truth plus dare and oh my gosh TV
specials right now so subscribe to
everything's there daddy's gonna be busy
putting links on everywhere so when
annotations and cards that'll be so much
fun are you guys ready to go shop for
yes
daddy's birthday she loves frozen so
we're gonna look for something frozen or
princess see
and how's that card coming along oh I
like the shape went west
it's like triangular but with a curvy
side what do you call that shape I call
it the dummy the door she adores shape
oh no need to shop I had one of these in
my pocket we're good
Oh we'll just give this a D she'll love
it
no she's to remember no pork we're not
shopping for you well we're in the car
I'll put my drink in here no so we did
find the frozen section but really is
kind of cute not gonna lie guys we are
not shopping for ourselves we are
shopping for a D and we found her
section so we're debating on this big ol
Olaf
don't you tour of this little guy I'm
sure I kissed Freddie what is a spider
that's that could be disturbing that
could be hey you can't knock me down my
I should have sat in the car you guys
look how swollen it is today hey you
guys holy cow with really swollen don't
laugh guys I shouldn't be walking I need
I need Jill scooter I can't wait till
Dory comes out guys this could be a
little traumatizing for a child exactly
live
this is way less traumatising look is a
little creepy that's the word of a
hooking for Haley alright guys I'm so
glad that they had the things we needed
other things too
I'm here because a game feel it she'll
show up on
we got frozen jellybeans - guys anything
and if you guys remember how to do the
tissue paper that I showed you shake it
out
alright you can each do - okay so don't
you like how you grab yep lay it out
flat grab it in the middle one sheet get
this all the way alright grab at the
middle and shake it give it a nice twist
there you go yep it's going to need at
least four I'd say so I look the bag
sparkly now that your truck sparkly so I
think we're party ready now alright no
flipping the hammock over though they
straight out to the hammock this looks
like it's a relaxing day
hey lis relax that's what you're going
to do on hammocks just try for a split
second that's all the hammock you can
handle
whoa Haley you're gonna flip that thing
I don't know we're setting up something
Oh games and it's so pretty out here
know what pinatas and balloon yes is on
the bottom I think it's pretty without
the water I love the colors I got blue
door over there
oh these yeah it's a pretty yard
I want a hammock in our yard you guys
what a lot of things in our oh here we
go
so you're trying to throw it I have to
smack it into there yep whoa point all
right now you have to smack it in that
one you ready now Oh bad throw
oh boo Snagit in I bet it's harder than
it looks we've been watching them play
and is it hard Annie it's called can
dream I've never heard of it
oh you got it oh yeah right here you're
my heroine I want to see it go in notice
here I can hear that will slaughter you
win the game if you get on the flop you
guys see the little slot on the front of
our car there's a slot you guys can't
see it I'll show you on this one
mad skills I'd rather you not get on
skin and kicking it's not here for good
ready license yes what I mean
you
your preference
make me do work the school I liked
develop conditioning on your day off
to point out oh good Hayley nailed it
first drive all right all three of you
go at the same time are you ready one
two three
these two have not quit playing this
game oh yeah she told me to turn the
camera on coz she felt like she was
gonna get it in unassisted unassisted
game over
all right and they don't want me down
here take it off okay uh I could try oh
nice oh let's just put that back on top
destruction of property she stuck he's
back over girl
oh she's hiding
like bubble bubble hello I like bubble
you can do it do it you can do it you
can do it didn't you blow bubbles you
mean help you what are you doing so much
of a surprise and you have to tell them
what you got
you decided on the cupcake a frozen
cupcake Max is your baby
we told you guys a deal of cut go be
frozen yeah it does match her bathing
suit a little bit yeah wait time a
beautiful beautiful night we've got here
water balloon
you gotta throw it daddy
happy birthday happy birthday not her
birthday it's her birthday party was a
couple weeks ago I think hailey you want
to know something funny not really funny
but you were too when we started YouTube
sad age no you were very much like you
get a turtle I cast oh go get Annie
right now yeah kinda because she's - I'm
sick zero you're seven but yeah and you
were babbled about a train in our first
video
Oh most can't get up
they don't close the something hailey
you're not standing on the sunroof are
you alright
that was about oh that was good oh I
should've gotten a picture
daddy okay so we just left and it is not
P seven tips in any with how we're awake
in there so I guess I'm gonna be packing
tonight these in going me and Elena sent
our house they are they're gonna do a
sleepover at Mia's both of them that was
so nice to invite Haley sure she is okay
and talking birthday alien and you're
gonna take a camera so that we can enjoy
some of their day with them and cuz I'd
love to meet their dogs even if it's on
video I want so you have to introduce me
to their dogs on video okay alright what
was the question that I had that you not
made up my kids yeah yes if you could
have a party right now
well what what see Lizzy okay so a DS
was frozen
super cute stew cooking I would do
fortunately yeah of course I would
probably do okay two things
bunny themed mm-hmm here and flower
numbers at home hip-hop oh hell up being
happy your pom-pom it's not funny
yes I did just imagine like good buddy
is one day buddies with those little
hombre Diane Singh yeah 50 seem oh my
poodle skirts and saddle shoes daddy
I would do walking or just go things
disco
so are you know what just let us just
click yes comments come don't be
uncomfortable oh oh if you can have a
party right now with what they would
have me eyes ye
who's gonna win Oh
took a breath potato baked potato baby
thanks for watching
bruh tailee
