so I am how much your school have to do
is read of chapter of a book is this
like furminator where it gets all of
whinnies fur out and this is how many
times I've done it a sinner watch this
you guys ready
sit up good girl good girl yes look at
her okay you ready you ready I'm gonna
put it on you let's set it up all right
say oh right there three money come over
here okay say it perfect right that's it
I gotcha I gotcha
three more to fight why big to big blood
we made brush now hey hey now look at
this Shh
she loves that guys it feels so good it
feels so good okay so now I just fall
over
I just scrape it off yeah wha and then
there's all whinnies hair we are going
to the movie Alice in the looking glass
to give her our fruit looking doll I got
it I'll stir the whole tabasum hey grow
a plant
oh hi blue share the blue one I have a
green man
wouldn't say caught I would say bumped
into can she go backward we're in line
for the concession stand I think we're
going to buy one of everything come on
Haley it's our turn one of everything
because we're hungry today
not one of every candy like we're gonna
get food here I choose the Andes gonna
get a cheese I thought you're gonna
hotdog
alright get yourself a cheeseburger
cheese I hope I would never do that now
you sound Australian change it dessert
it's called dessert so the problem is we
picked Haley up straight from school and
we're kind of a little bit hungry so
normally we just come to the movie
theater we got popcorn and candy this
time we're getting cheese burgers and
hotdogs and sour patch kids
oh my goodness that was good
Hayley fell asleep again Hayley's gonna
ignore us it was good for those that
stayed awake
it was scary it was not scared oh you
were scared
Amy bun me I thought I was pretty good
did you like it at least scaredy-cat
some hundred broken my broken ankle
actually hurts things but I was like it
blow so warm it is warm it was cold in
there my ankle is still swollen that's
the update so there could be a doctor's
visit for me what a long it's been since
I've been to the doctor
long time guys
which is good I know I don't know what I
did to it but where'd we park we're in a
sea of cars and I never remember what
ever happened to you guys
you walk out look at that truck Annie
and you can't find where you parked
yeah f-350 super duty well hello Winnie
how are you
quite bettany i'll pyramids appeal
Hayley doesn't want to hang out with us
daddy's on the jet ski out there and
it's a beautiful Friday evening hanging
out
Winnie where'd you go Winnie come here
winning win upper winning wait hit me
she does what she wants hey JJ come here
honey
oh there's a pie I ever - got a lot to
do got lots and lots no hope you're
gonna go for a ride I'm gonna go for a
ride yep down there
my god yeah she's sitting on it that oh
now they're not happy you stole their
friends look who came to visit us
outside so what song what's a brain
break a break so you're not using your
brain in the morning does it get tiring
using that brain it's when you like
dance to this song and we do um you okay
that thingy yokai watch is it called
yokai watch what is the yokai watch okay
let's do be my head all right Co Chi
dance where you going you going on the
jet ski no don't interrupt daddy talk to
the neighbors over there they jump Piper
on the jet ski and now he's yeah Piper's
everything right guys you want to see
that I'm not lying
so this is my good ankle and it's not
swollen doesn't hurt and this is my bad
ankle and look swollen he can't even see
my ankle over here
swollen what is going on you see my
swollen ankle Hayley I watched last
night I was very excited about the
swollen ankle I don't know why you can't
tell which one's swollen tell me which
one looks on this my huffy yeah uh today
I'm like oh come on I don't want to be
hurt anymore seriously but kind of
nicest aside sit out here and relax
oh they're back Piper did you have fun
coming along no it's too cold and windy
there she is did you have fun Piper now
they're gonna get into a fight like
siblings should you got to go that's not
fair and I fight with her when she comes
back we try to bite her at Haley when
she comes back that's how those two
siblings fight announcing two new
articles of clothing on the maker shop
yeah you can turn around now the oh all
over watercolor shirts are now available
on the maker shop bratayley there'll be
a link and he's actually wearing the
women's tank like kids t-shirt these are
some of you got for the summer coming up
it's I think Andy's wearing the smallest
size tank the tanks only come in women's
sizes this is the girl sighs hey for a
very hot day please pick up a tank it's
normal day when you're having a very
nice picnic oh and now we have to be
passionate Piper is very ready for this
fashion show
introducing oh and GG here comes GG Oh
Piper - get down introducing Piper can't
stand the anticipation Annie
wearing the women's water color tank top
it says bratayley and celebrate life
turn around
it's a Razorback we did have to pin it a
little bit but super cute how
comfortable is it and presenting Hayley
wearing the kids t-shirt Oh sporting the
same font with celebrate life
hi cookie looks so good fine turn around
turn around
hair up that's it guys it's got the
watercolor numbered Hayley on it just
want to let you know there's some new
styles I know some people had asked
Oreste to get some other things up there
besides of the regular logo and the
baked potato shirt so there you go
summer's here or summers coming
hopefully hey we have some summer-like
days and that shirt was perfect for that
weather hey guys so I'm in my room and I
like everything about my dad yeah yeah
all only Friday throughout the day off
because it's Memorial weekend I think
that way and it's time to finish in the
day and in Kaylee's meeting me up here
and I'm gonna go with what is your
favorite step and I'm gonna turn the cam
around and I'm gonna show you guys how
many stuffed animals I have so I'm gonna
start from the side of the room I have
that giant horn I have this aside that
bear I've that horse at that horse and
somewhere in here I have a like a lamb
but not sure and over here it is it's
hiding right here and then I have that
humungous horse those don't really kind
of stuffed animals over here you guys
okay those those those
maybe it's so many seconds I love
siblings Oh what like how not had a pic
I'm gonna pick this is a hard one it
would be this little dinosaur cuz I've
had her for very very very long time or
this teddy bear that I got a Caleb's
funeral so I really like that and then
of course I love my sleep buddy stuffed
animals but you know I like didn't count
those because you know I've gotta fix
those so don't forget to come to bloke
you know no question the days with your
favorite stuffed animal bye see you
tomorrow
well I will I'm gonna roll the clip
Haley bye toodles
my favorite stuffed animal is saw spawn
and this so yeah don't forget to comment
down below cause being wouldn't know
question of the day is what is your
favorite channel ie date babe
thanks for watching
bratayley
