okay guys it's finally arrived I've been
thinking about doing this for a while
because I can't get home very often I
read that you kid
order some crawfish and so I decided to
order some again so excited there's the
crawfish came with this little seasoning
bag too and also I got this for the kids
for later this is alligator nuggets
we're going to try some alligator
nuggets when they get home all fun stuff
all right
my crawfish eating station is all set up
so exciting and then they're in here
reheating I don't think everybody
realizes how excited I am these are
delicious so hey guys we picked the
little one up from school and she's
checking out some a scene on TV stuff
cuz daddy here is a sucker for a see on
TV sings and he's been getting her ready
for school in the mornings he thought
this might make their morning's a little
easier I don't know he's a sucker for a
scene on TV look at this but you think
it really will work probably probably so
guess what happened Hayley
oh did you can't get her
no puppy surgery not today today we have
to wait there's my astronaut daddy took
her to get the blood work done well
something with her liver enzymes are
high you gotta take some medicine Gigi
has to take medicine before I don't know
what's going on because you never said
it anything but Oh being her she's not
her she was gonna have the no puppy
surgery did you know that nope nope no
puppies yesterday while you were at
school daddy took Gigi to get blood work
done today we took her to get her
surgery in the day yeah cuz something
about liver enzymes she's getting some
medicine I don't know what at all the
liver enzymes they're high your level
liver enzymes are high well it's not it
just means she's not healthy enough to
have surgery so they're up get put give
her some medicine we need it and then
when she's better she'll get the surgery
so we're going to pick her up right now
so now guess what we're going to pick
her up because she's at the vet still
okay you got that Bart yeah then we have
your coaches meeting how do you feel
about it guys for you and me so really
what time is that it's at 5:45 tonight
which is in just over 200 so there's no
practice tonight guys Hayley is gonna
administer be told whether she's moving
up to level 3 or not
what do you think's gonna happen what do
you think your coach is gonna say no
clue she's nervous but I've got this
brush to Priya hey she thanks for good
just gonna say she's moving up low huh
oh nice Haley yeah alright guys so well
well you will um let you know hopefully
I remember to film about that and then
we're going over to Katie's hangout so
that'll be exciting
like a little trip to the vet a day trip
like big hair
I'm army is that like day care aftercare
you want to get in the window with me
you got a little bag are you sick
hello is your liver messed up what's
your liver - filters filters
what's the bath boys going into your bun
where are you
this is her medicine and how big it is
you want to try it out hmm wait you
gotta get buckled cool hey V Monday Oh
perfect just for you
yes you did your due date now see how
much that she's a bat oh you just sent
Louie you live at
Gigi you were supposed to come out of
the vet with a big cone I get home I
only like cone - never ice cream mmm we
hit done yet I don't know how they're
gonna put a call in to her why perhaps
the same dose or no hey going sleep
I think
it is a week
I hope teaches asleep
that one's for you in a prat she loves
lies I brushed her favorite all right
it's snack time
and brush time you ready for this do you
think it's going to work you do all
right sit up
Haley's watching some Ice Age eating a
snack I brushed this out and now we're
going to see with just a regular brush
now we're going to see what it does
before I don't know about this guy's all
right so here's the after and I have to
say that it was really easy but I feel
like I could probably get it straighter
with the straightener but this might
work for daddy Haley because it was
really easy and it took me probably just
about as long we say let's see there's
still some wave in it yeah it's hot on
top but you can not hot on the handle
good to me where it's not hot on the
handle so I could do this if you don't
burn herself I'd be great so I mean it
was really easy to do it and it really
did straighten it but I think I could
get it straightened better with a flat
iron and just as fast but that's easier
for you to use isn't it don't touch it
to your face pretty easy huh all right
she's ready for her meeting all right so
I think Haley has an announcement to
make
hey Leah gasps you're not Haley announce
your hands Minh yeah
Haley named Josh this is microphone good
heron she know anything I like your dog
that way she had a ticket because cuz I
told any story sinus infection it's an
Beckham story like um you cannot know
people cook up me a ticket like oh and
there's your ticket Oh lessons at
gymnastics emanate 9 what does that mean
so the ticket number 79 that's probably
lucky all right hey enough if you want
Andy doing our show oh my gosh there
should be a ticket right after you get
all your tickets like the last ticket
and if you get that ticket then you have
to owe all your price Oh like like your
doom ticket the ticket of doom the
person that has that elastic it has to
give everything back
I'll win it Oh does your oh my goodness
but what if you don't have it you're
like oh it's weasel they can what your
announcement Annie now my give it
Colleen Angela no Haley made it to level
three oh you guys she's right was pretty
excited in there I don't think she
thought that that was the what was gonna
happen what do you think was gonna
happen
Matt fail and cry yeah I don't think she
thought she was gonna make it cuz when
yeah I think she's a little nervous and
when they said it she was like wow and
then I explained her that it's more
hours in the gym and she was like no she
was still excited 3 3 4 alright so now
we're heading over to Kate Moss we
didn't say that and we're gonna party at
Katie's house just for no reason it's
gonna be super exciting
first bite of what Katie
rocket on haha
what's an alligator like okay so for
some reason Billy shows up with fried
alligator sauce or just by itself
I don't think Haiti like this tastes
like chicken
nothing Oh what salt salty fried chicken
yeah yeah though it is it's very unlucky
it's really what Ryan thinks see you
guys
thank you a nice dipping sauce femi did
you guys ever tried it yet but your
house looks beautiful on my camera
nothing about that happen is it all up
might but this table looks really good
that sounds good he said no no no I like
it I like it sauce spicy nacho nacho you
want some more alligator wow that's
really what do you think Ryan you know
some more oh that doesn't yeah offering
my yeah he didn't share oh ship from
Louisiana and he didn't share
you just testing it Healy fell asleep
during our looks well we did try to use
chopsticks
some of us better than others Ryan's
roaming around the house on the scooter
there's been a little fire going and
Haley kind of fell asleep during what is
that one screaming yeah Katie screaming
we're getting ready to go home guys I
did something to my ankle I can't let
her excited I am very excited we can't
let miss Jill have all the fun so for
the last two days my ankles been a
little bit sore and I thought it was
just sore from walking around New York
and then to really yeah today I sat down
I'm like look Jill what's wrong you see
them it's swollen
it's 1:00 so I'm very excited I don't
know I did some gymnastics in your sleep
and maybe I was your intern under my
sleep so as barracks I tell the girls
that I'm gonna ice my ankle and they
laughed at me and I any wants to put it
in an ice bucket yes Amy once we did an
ice bucket and I did I sit while we were
sitting here I'm getting like 36 it's
all downhill I'm not quite 36 what's
yeah what's bursitis Mike sounds like an
old piece okay I don't know what's going
on guys could be the gallery I might be
36 in a few months and maybe that's
what's the problem
I'll be 12 in aces yes you are not in a
few months like next month Katie come on
out of our day that's next week honey
that could be Ryan your zyk up you've
got the next birthday okay so that could
be the question of the day birth month
and day you don't have to put the year
Katie what's your birth month and day um
June 20 this July 8th 1st January 18
November 28th um December 5th hailey the
sleep September 2nd and I'm July 23rd
and Brennan I knew that I said daddy
super high 28
it was alright so yeah comment down
below in the same day Walt Disney here
right and you know on famous birthdays
go check it out she's a little bit ahead
ahead of he's ahead well well
Annie's ahead of all I mean I don't know
how legit that is but too legit to quit
it's too legit to quit
hoo hoo hoo spill film this professional
football player from alone yes guys I
was born the same day as Mickey Mantle
sister ok oh my god Mickey Mouse Mickey
Mantle was a famous Yankees baseball
player like really legit famous ok booth
like Babe Ruth famous and mine my
grandfather I don't know if we've ever
said this on video this is kind of
exciting you guys famous my grandfather
was married to Mickey male sister yes
and she was born on July 23rd which is
my birthday
Oh Kevin Bacon and I shall know my 7
degrees of Kevin Bacon Kevin Bacon and
Toby Keith Oh Toby hey he's saying that
I remember the weight all right guys so
we're gonna go home I think we've pretty
much overstayed our welcome they won't
admit it but we have so don't forget to
comment down below so we want to know
the question of the day is when is your
birthday month and date month and month
and day you don't like her Ryan shares a
birthday with Marilyn Monroe why is
apparently Kevin Costner was also born
in I right there
and you're more famous and Kevin Costner
um yeah so not a legit
it lists not agile legit listen I get it
he's 61 Wow
anyway so kevin costner he's been a few
great things yeah he's on my favorite
people
nice I I made a list of my favorite
people like not I mean you guys are like
I'm pretty much I'm I'm pretty sure I'm
like probably one or two things out up
there baby right yeah that's why he's is
one guy he's in um he is in um every
time no Finn yes he is
and nobody tells him no well so far guys
mushrooms all right wow I understand I
think it's just time for us to leave the
tank
thanks for watching
Britt Haley
