hey guys wait isn't that is okay so
we're doing school turn Hut so one we
had a hat on - this is just blocking the
Sun so I'm just putting this out it's so
hot but I don't want to change because
you know it was rainy but it's like I'm
so hot like look at my setup I've got to
get on not fast okay this is my second
me in the shade there's my computer and
there's my stuff and then Kate is just
in the Sun I guess it got too hot
outside for Annie
Oh your computer was getting too hot
there are bees in there in the covered
porch what if the bee comes in here hi
Katie are you sweating yeah you gonna
jump in the water today on break green
have our to school jump in front and
crap okay and this three and a half
hours gonna keep you on schedule for
what you need to get done today yes
okay maybe even one that's what I like
to hear
what was it love hi Winnie hi Piper
Gigi went to go get some blood work done
so she's not here today daddy took her
to go to the vet cuz tomorrow
Gigi's having the GG can't have puppy
surgery if all her lab work comes back
good right Winnie and when he was very
sad as he did you go there was may have
been some whining involved yeah she
wasn't whining all right I'm gonna
continue cleaning the house while they
do school yes I am just not like that
guys GG's home
who's in your house stranger WGP people
guys they shot her you got shot
like Annie did oh I just lost my balance
oh oh oh no I got a hat on
don't you go barking to show how many
get me no yeah how are you okay she's
peeing no way yeah
GJ clean it up Gigi no all right I gotta
clean up the pee guys well observe a
clean it up so it's fine oh hi hi hi you
know Joe
she did a pee little brat dog yeah yeah
yeah keep moving keep moving and we're
just outside enjoying the good weather
and we have to go like ensign sir sighs
I forgot a pack of but I hate one big
practice bed oh oh please tomorrow we
get to hang out with each other they're
gonna try just one minute it's for me
let the whole baby be one is it called
tadpoles I know
it's the law apples the villa turn into
frogs that's weird
can't really see that over there didn't
ya chuckles I think our Nets too tiny
okay while zooming out I'm just kind of
filming the water
I almost say guys I promise this is my
pinkie hold on and good so guys we have
water snakes in our wall just touch it
any touches you want you catch it I want
I'll just the bat and I don't use that
please don't try not to tell me well
daddy I'm not you do it here we go poor
guy you could do but not just tail it's
a tiny I didn't have cracks one inch are
the barrier level I did we're out there
you see him what did I do wait barium is
in he's coming wait I lost them oh I see
him so it's about the same so this is
like the perfect weather for snakes
because about this time is when they
come out so we have to be kind of
careful I'm watching we've been told and
we've looked online that they're not
poisonous but it doesn't feel very good
to get bit by a snake so when we're out
here we're just always watching
small or nothing is not as long
um so and then like this is about the
time where we see them and then we don't
see them anymore okay he's gonna throw
it cuz he's gonna go right through that
net
come this way I get off the dock hide um
home
oh he's good scan back this way oh look
it's a little NER you got those minnows
is that what they're called
those aren't tadpoles oh I'm a house hey
Katie can bring the camera wait what how
disguised he is he's in the seaweed oh
and you can't really see him very well
look at all the seaweed there is this
year you see that no Italy colored stock
oh yeah I see him he's a scout you guys
tell me if you can see him look at him
hiding oh they see me you see him now
anything else okay okay and I like okay
all right we've got to leave for gym in
30 minutes okay we're heading up yeah
they have 20 minutes we have to start
getting ready no good up to be we have a
we have to get ready like this all Haas
School has to be cleaned up and Leos
have to be put on and drinks have to be
drank what a day what a day did you guys
get done more than it one day's worth
yes Danny so graphic okay and we did
good
then sleepovers on school nights can
continue every once in a while where are
you girls
I got your cat scan results Oh fun are
you ready to find out what do you what
are you thinking of good you think it's
good yeah I think it's bad I think it
definitely is bad and you want to film
it that is gentle bad it's not broken
whoo but you knocked it so hard that
that what you're still feeling in there
is like just like tissue that built up
and it will just reabsorb on its own but
you know what they did discover that you
have I don't know because he has this
like not related yeah unrelated you have
a severe sinus infection what's that
just your sinuses are infected so
they've got you an antibiotic that
daddy's gonna go in Phil means you're
all your sinuses are infected up there
is that like you have you know sleeves
maybe nose one and um stuffy and runny
and so there you have it you're gonna be
okay
always oh is that need not surgery you
were a little worried that that could
have resulted in we do have to go though
a little bit he's climbin phone I'm glad
they had a hearing because we might be
late for gymnastics have we wait any
longer it's like what bother you guys
late just watch the video you'll find
out who you put that on okay so that's
good news
I know what yeah I didn't wash your
hands no that's we could be here very
really long time alright it's gonna be a
good day
hey guys so time for the question today
and immediately aren't even pajamas yet
but we're gonna watch some TV after this
and then we're gonna go get ready for
bed
so which is gonna be relaxing evening so
I'm shindig on the night now you've made
yes know that
and it's like any of the course of the
day is if you could name the object in
front of you a different name what would
it be oh boy so mine will be a camera
Haley not a canvas the not directly in
front of her mine would be a camera so
let's see um as a TV I'm saying alright
uh uh
oh stripes an L a limos on one the
time no buckle let me go see your goods
I I just assumed that a landal alittle
oh that's good okay mine I am looking
exactly at the TV tensho I'd call it a
yokel oh my opal because I don't always
think of that like in my mind a yokel
like what is that and I always hear in
my mind it looks simple you boom Wow now
I know what's going on in Haley's mine
this literally tastes like I'm chewing
on a banana I'm eating a little by the
banana cut and it literally tastes like
I'm eating a banana good
Oh busy the horse take it with food Oh
mm flower
why say I'm not referring to week total
catch I do make water yeah I need I love
your vigor so yeah hey leave it wrap it
up don't forget to comment down below
but you want to know the Krishna's it is
if you could name objects in front of
you what would it be
say II see tomorrow smell baked potato
babe I
thanks for watching
Britt Haley
it's not even a gel car no I know she's
going to try to take this she hates
liquid medicine so big pill with this
glass of water chug the water show you
take your jacket go go go go Mike Jack
Jack Jack Jack Jack Jack no all the way
you got down oh my god don't this it's
better than taking no Hayley like no
Hayley I like the taste
oh she wants some medicine for one of
these giant pills you want one of these
giant pills hmm what did you do to it
you jammed it or nothing bag candidate
on the basketball the basketball was
coming and like this to tie the shoe
right here oh wow doors jazz oh wow wow
no did you want one of those diet pills
like yo just bonus video that's just
bonus video guys you guys later
oh and you know a little Piper video too
