today I'm Batali I said 100 percent you
cracked your own orbital socket what
does that mean no the socket your hi
mothers I just dropped my phone good
morning everybody
actually it's afternoon has a way to
start the day
well I feel like my days just started hi
ladies so how was practice yeah good
we've come to kidnap Annie oh thanks
we're not we are gonna go take a knee to
the doctor to get her bruised slash
cheek checked out bring me one drip was
there an extra hand because you're gonna
do school in the car you had said don't
you're missing school you were gonna do
my phone yeah but you still need your
books is it a problem that I can see my
eyelashes okay I can see doesn't it feel
like you have an umbrella on your eyes
yes yes they did rehearsal makeup for
their dance like when is the dance
Thursday not like no no Father's Day
weekend so they were doing rehearsal and
McKenzie was the dance can see makeup
scheme mannequin mannequin the makeup
man I'm a model for the model it's
really pretty thank you
sparkly on in the mirror yeah I'm like
bedazzled you are bedazzled bark nasal
area remember last year they the girls
did him dance so that's the same thing
as we're doing I know the other was very
pink and girly and this one's a little
bit dramatic
good serious I should be more stay tuned
a sip pink plastic hey yeah you were
plastic I was this year it's we look
gray yes I think you brought your own
chair
the shears a little different what you
doin
I'm about to go to the doctors get this
purse to death I'm actually knee to see
if it still if it still hurt yeah and
there's like a knot right here that's
why we're getting to checked out yeah
all right
and then um we're gonna she's gonna
bring some stuff in a du Soleil's cuz
cuz she sings school but science
history oh oh oh
I've hired apples they don't make that
noise um science history
spelling spelling I think that would be
an easy one to do that's beautiful
I think the doctor would like it if I
were the son you guys
between daddy wearing a headband and a
knee burping like seriously what'd you
say spelling so she can listen to her
class duh reading a computer and just
bring in her phone cuz her mother is
very smart watch me like not get
anything done I'm gonna sit down we win
we were like 1015 miles really they
called us right now let's go see so you
can't walk on your own feet or your feet
hurt or your face hurt
I think my ribs are no sure so the
princess can be carried
oh Jesus oh dude three wait daddy check
out for the egg parity work today that
was harder on me thank you
oh hello miss nettle done what are you
doing she's gonna be the doctor well
doctors have to do spelling what do you
do you're gonna be a doctor you have to
finish school doctors wouldn't do that
I'm gonna be a crap
yeah it's pretty oh you're a very good
crab don't put that down Hey
I'm a laughing chinlock them she's gonna
know you pushed a button
all right spell conqueror since I
spelled it wrong oh don't joke I've got
the last letters in qu e or lo are yeah
I went oh our er skunk ooh
or hmm thanks
I said that if I wrote it down I might
might have been able to get it right but
when I was spelling it I'll top my head
I got a confused opinion I've always
right no I meant like you know it man
hey life oh look my finger peeling
you're so weird
well itchy feet that are peeling and you
didn't do anything
Oh a lot the hot cold doctor just came
in and left
and she definitely wants us to go get a
cat scan because she said it's not
normally and he's not excited about it
as you can tell today we're gonna find
that out when she comes back again I
don't know it might be an appointment
it's not here it's not here
can we just wait till the doctor tells
us so she says it should she's worried
that it's still bruised and all the
reasons we brought her in and how are
you gonna scan your cat so his cat scan
is not as closed in as an MRI it's just
gonna take a picture skin the cat stands
for something
cat skin to skin your cat that you don't
have but it's just a better picture than
an x-ray they just want to make sure
that there's nothing fractured in there
nothing and it could also be normal that
would heal on its own like she said
there could be some blood that's in
there kids want to talk about it a gross
is a rat I said 100% you cracked your
holes orbital socket what does that mean
no the socket that your eyeball there's
a never say I didn't say that
yeah this is your corrected see she's
looking right at you so we're just gonna
get it checked out so can you be today I
am NOT in charged cats hands oh yeah I'm
gonna go buy cats okay is he done to
hurt this thing really hard did they
bite you in the other side and even them
up huh
there you go I don't know you're the one
I was supposed to talk to the doctor
fish
you just go wait wait then she said go
tell your dad you can go so we're done
we got the cat scan
and the other stuffing things
what is it CV
and be very de plana to take it back to
the doctor what are we doing
hey yeah I'm filming on my phone cuz you
stole the camera I see a round of I can
spring good job
Piper finally got her somebody to chase
I know it's her name is Gigi and he did
face off today with winning but a
picture ID him did it work
good one Haley
that's pretty good though
all right good go show us
he went inside nice Haley look at them
damn whoa that was almost like a front
aerial little crooked of an area side
aerial
it is finally a beautiful day with no
chance of rain like yesterday was pretty
nice but it end up ended up raining
supposed to have a couple nice days
ahead of us so that's exciting
stand up
arms up I'm showing how to do it at fart
fort
oh what letter ah we're making a
gymnastics video alphabet gymnastics on
Haley's channel that will hopefully be
up tomorrow which is Wednesday I got to
edit that tonight so check her channel
out and see if it gets done
le Anja
whoa slow down there you got us keep
concentrating Haley's got Jim tonight um
we've done everything press handstand
she did what upstairs really easily best
a cheater press handstand good whatabout
bounce to your knees handstand bounce to
your knees Hampstead
one that
yeah lost the bout
good harder harder isn't it
so now Haley's trying Ariel's without
the bounce good try
ah hey pretty good
Oh Haley you don't need that hand should
I do it on both in case you get it okay
I get the phone out just in case so
we'll have it for Instagram in case all
right
ah your he isn't in touch right you did
it she did it she did it change it again
you guys again Wow
I am super impressed Haley we have
pulled the hair into a bun so we can
really get a good view let me adjust the
camera my finger okay I'm ready
nice ready
that one was high we're going in to get
it drink my friend how excited are you
what is your favorite skill I'm gonna
guess uh or you just want to tell it I
knew as an aerial guys are you guys
proud of her too that's pretty awesome
Randi how long before you get on the
floor young lady - two days oh you have
to go do a pride of it oh wait you see
wait cuz sometimes you guys don't work
on this kind of stuff a gym like when I
tell you think your coach is gonna be
excited I got my aerial and my round up
back hands bring it on the trampoline
level six is an aerial well I think a
lot of people who have them before level
6 but oh no
which dog do I need a beat Haley come
smell it smell it and tell me whose it
is
um know what so a little homework in the
car on the way to Jim she's doing some
math about the pilgrims pilgrims and
Columbus I think she's looking at a
calendar and Counting how long the
pilgrims were at sea and she lost count
one once so I don't want to interrupt
her
it's pretty exciting stuff we got a
multitask sometimes because we wanted to
play outside so we made a deal if she
did she wanted to play outside had she
had to do homework on the car so we'll
see how this works out oh no you didn't
Oh No
so hey guys we will meet Katy just got
down there I wonder what number
sleepover this is oh I don't leave it no
more than seven definitely um and we
before I went back to gym I wasn't
planning on going back to gym because we
thought was gonna take really long time
in the doctor thinks to get this thing
to cat scan I had to go to a cat scan
thingy majiggy and Alex your face and he
tells the doctor if there's something
wrong with you
well that's Gary Annie no actually his I
was really left you were you're laying
on a bed and it's like not likes I head
up all the way but like elevated your
head up and there's this big circle
thing that your head like goes into they
went wee blop and I sat there for like a
minute like just it doing in my face but
it's actually cool because you could say
the things spinning around you thought
it was like whoo yes how would i look at
the results tomorrow i think it what
kinda was the end of the day we didn't
find out what's going on inside your
cheek so hopefully tomorrow i was
looking at my earring and this thingy is
so one day you'll know when I'm like
angry or something or sad here's a half
as kinds of earrings it'll be like
not when I come into the gym and I'll be
like you have but that miscue will be
like take those things out I'm just
kidding uh-huh
so now Canton coming over first leap
over now she can image dropping off my
dad yeah just gonna drop her off halfway
there in a ditch like that's Galway
we're being nice it's a ditch so just in
case there's a tornado doctor out this
yesterday so na yeah she's coming over
Mindy lot school maybe not tonight
so what's Kristin a key question day is
have you ever had a sleepover on a
school night
um yes actually we have like right now
you know you have actually like I
actually had one even when I wasn't home
schooled with my friend Emma because my
family was going away for a really long
time and I didn't want to go because I
was going to miss water gym and a
mother's used to do gym with us so and
like we live close to each other so I
just kind of like I think it was like
three days took Wozzeck rubble sleeping
over at school all night
have you oh yeah yes don't forget to
comment on below communal Tristan bears
never take a risk away by the baked
potato baby thanks for watching Britt
Ailey
