today we got music happy monday right
guys is it Monday all right
I think it's Monday we'll verify in a
second but right now we've got Haley
doing social studies is it Monday I
thought it was Monday and he's doing
oh are you're doing history too right
daddy's helping his daddy doing history
or is Annie doing history I helped see
it's the only one on the map yeah he's
talking to you who I guess it could be
who mommy mommy I mean I did I did and I
have an idea but it's been a long time
and daddy doesn't forget anything ever
so he's a much right duh he's much
better to explain it if you need help
with punctuation or spelling you you can
let me know and I can I can read I know
where Africa is the only one oh okay so
it's 1106 clearly because daddy's
computer will not let us forget the time
all right we'll get sushi today actually
I'm kind of craving sushi too and I
don't normally all right I did my makeup
it's okay it's not as good as you did it
I'm kidding Elise she added the kidding
right because I was like oh all right so
we had a lazy morning we slept till like
bad but it took us I guess I guess you
guys have been doing school for a while
I didn't realize anyways yeah Annie's
filming Haley's filming we're go into
the chicken girl set at two o'clock so
we're doing some school before we go and
Annie's in all the scenes today I think
we're filming at a diner right it's a
diner scenes so stay tuned guys we're
gonna get some more school done they've
got they started at 9:00 no we started
at 9:45 school you guys might have
gotten up at 9:00 but we started school
at 9:45 that means they still have an
hour 45 are doing a solid three hours
this morning oh we got the sushi as
requested
we're finished with school for the day
well technically they had 15 more
minutes but we're gonna give them that
time to eat because they literally have
to get in the shower and 15 minutes so
they finish school 15 minutes early
did they give you a chopsticks inside
sushi to go alright we were your post
mates today daddy was Haley gets hers
California rolls with out cucumbers so
Haley's is over here so good good oh she
just uh California rolls are they have
cream cheese in them I only like sushi
that has cream cheese in it that's my
rule for good sushi and she gets one I
was like
napkin okay thanks for alright
we're gonna get them finished what did I
say mouth open I always say it wrong
good job without talking with food in
your mouth yeah that wasn't mouthful
who's got the greatest sister in the
whole world
Ranger handy Lee honey no Annie Annie
has the greatest sister me y'all both
have the greatest sister in the whole
world
she made us cookies what'd she think I
can when you ask correctly what how do
you think you can rephrase that
no the whole thing I can see your eyes
rolling it okay it could go like this
mommy not gonna drink mommy would you
mind at all getting me a drink right now
because I'm thirsty and I could say well
I want you to learn to pour your milk by
herself
yeah she does know how to pour her the
milk people I don't but if it's full she
has a hard time so when you can ask me
mmm
properly and nice wait go I don't mind
at all Haley I would love to get you
some milk I'm so proud of myself
it wasn't even that good but I try to be
like those bloggers you guys watch yeah
like they're really good like when they
make breakfast eating breakfast looks so
interesting yeah they really do like I
don't know if it's just a different
style than we do
like it's edited heavier and ours is
just more raw so it's the editing it's
not the filming it's the filming too
interesting we just have our own ways of
doing things and sometimes I'm okay what
am I gonna tell you so y'all do listen
wait a second how many cookies are you
guys are gonna eat I did it again
all right I'll stop
Haley went live and she's gonna guess
Christian because that's what we're
doing here at the diner and he's in hair
and makeup
I had a pizza do you know how to do it
daily okay they go to his comment I
think I don't know I don't remember how
I did it she just grabbed her pouch you
know when she could I got a cut from her
couch Oh God I don't know if it was
appropriate or not because I don't know
I don't speak teenage rap she actually
put her end of the couch I just happen
to turn the camera on filming Haley on I
was like I don't know that could mean
something to I don't even want to know
and I just be like laughing like ha ha
ha and like I'd be like whoa why are you
laughing that's inappropriate that'll
feel really dumb what are you doing
who's hanging out on your shirt says
alone because you're some tummy really
hurt what do you need anything
all you've been doing since we got here
getting food dang it I always turn the
camera up at the wrong time but Matt
just broke oh no are you in wardrobe
well we sit lindholm no that's not what
have we literally just sitting there
sitting there laughing were you yes we
saw the raps so much fire that it broke
did three leaning are you leaning back
in it
probably that's I'm sorry guys I missed
it I failed well be careful be careful
saying sticking around you feel like
you've owned the read before that was
the thing so so everyone knows you are
you're not a cook likes the ketchup
packet and salt and vinegar chips right
we're going back to Oh G chicken girls
be careful be careful
yeah say hi guys hi guys look around for
quite a while that's because I see her
the idea no she doesn't
why you want to wanna know something
goodbye but he doesn't quite go any
imagine another takeover Christian who
would does your name Dylan I lost my
friend like an hour ago Thanks
Thank You Haley whose bonus I mean
cameras mic yes we were taking over so
really Haley and Christian hit and at
night Indiana's phone
so she found it goodbye love yo hey guys
we all just got wrapped wrapped like a
chicken wrap from McDonald's white
potato that's my name is but they don't
anyway where's my phone oh there it is
hmm okay false alarm hey guys how's it
we got scared for a second in case you
didn't notice these fermented cheese oh
yeah you're a bad person man anyways
yeah we can give you didn't tell we just
got scared and now it looks like well
her eyes dark brown I have darkest when
I stop when your eyes
what's up y'all we are so tired we had a
long day of filming and I feel like this
is like the latest I've been unset all
right you know
so we're gonna wrap up now question is
calming down your favorite emoji I guess
we can just say I've got a lot of
favorite emojis good no I can topic one
I like the harvester air turret I like
the just a regular heart the Purple
Heart
I like the CL emoji I like the butterfly
emoji I like the little twinkle thing I
like the little baby with the little
thingy the the angel baby
what else do I like
of course I feel like a cranky that
comes in handy for camping I mean I
gotta I guess it's probably about P part
so Haley I like the hot the big car and
then the tiny bird then probably and he
does fun
yeah that's what I mean like the baby
angel like that really yeah you know
what anytime so don't forget time double
of tuna no question the day is what is
your favorite emoji
today okay well we decide the question
today now we ended it so good bye guys
see you tomorrow number to celebrate
thanks for watching
Vitaliy
