good morning happy let me get this right
money Tuesday January 24 we are in full
swing of getting ready this morning hot
twenty-third and he says it's the 23rd
full swing of getting ready today we got
the braids in she's doing some makeup on
a little heavier her stage if it's not
done yet she's actually wearing eye
shadow she does not normally put
eyeshadow on and I'm about to right
we're gonna take these braids down later
give that crimp look we're putting it
Haley wants braids so we're about to
braid her hair
she's plopped herself down in front of
the TV so that will i braid it she has
something to do these are gonna be in
braids then we're gonna do some school
this morning and then we're heading over
to the venue so days getting started a
breakfast it's on its way got some eggs
and some pancakes and some bacon and
some fruit okay
join us today we look at Haley's cute
outfit she's so excited and pumped whoo
she will be later this is Haley in the
morning
alright guys see in a second okay so
good morning everyone we're doing school
again well I am Haley's dog you know
what I mean
so yeah I'm doing schools language right
now I already do the math and learning
my spelling words so
mommy's apparently getting ready and
ruining the vlog and yeah that's pretty
much it we are it's the performance day
and we are leaving at like noon and it's
like 11:00 so did my makeup have not put
any lipstick on
10 it's 11 it's chin 57 I feel 11 pretty
much yeah all right you guys we just got
to the venue and Annie sees something on
the sign it may or may not say her name
up there but you guys are gonna stay
tuned to her vlog
so you guys can see this right we're
hanging out we're in the green room I'm
gonna call it refer to it as a black and
gray room there's a little red with pops
of red the bus is gonna get here so that
means Jacob Hayden zach is Luna on the
stop I can't remember and maybe Luna
will be getting here we told we were
told in like 30 minutes
and so we're just gonna chill here we
just went into pictures in front of some
signs that was kind of cool oh yeah you
better get your throat lozenges going
make sure they're dry before you get on
stage it's rainy here in Philly
sometimes I keep up I keep wanting to
call it Pittsburgh what we're going to
Pittsburgh tonight this is our view what
is that up there finally we've literally
been raining we won't even out in the
rain for like 20 minutes okay guys this
is crazy
first oh they think you were crazy when
you ordered it biggest guys so he's like
overlaying a regular six ring that's not
gonna work I'm in stage clothes that's
true be careful don't trip it over here
don't rip it on me
but rollin you know that's disgusting
you know gun is it okay don't put this
on my lap yeah let's move it that's a
good idea
okay well lunch is served all right
we're backstage and look who we found
about half the sound Saget's it's Hayden
and it's Zach and I gotta introduce you
guys to Kevin there's a good story
behind Kevin come on tell them the story
hated you know how you and you and Kevin
met all right I'll do it
Kevin and Caleb used to play names like
Kevin is one of Caleb's best online
friends probably and he contacted Hayden
and now Hayden Kevin her play video
games online kind of cool story so there
you go all right thanks for being here
no problem Annie's about to sound tired
when you want to just die together
microphone mr. Jimmy's gonna give her a
little lesson music opera day
highly lip kit there you go
hate it let me see you Annie just 30
seconds over any you feeling pretty good
here y'all we are about to get authentic
then Philly cheesesteaks right before
the concert starts what have you done so
far soundcheck meetups I didn't even
show that anything level and your blog
failure alright well there you have it
guys but we're we're getting something
to eat real quick and we're getting
Philly cheesesteaks how'd you like it
cool sorry we're closed we crossing do
you like it Annie
do you like it yeah so we're back up
here same Kevin same oh good luck hate
it
No
she ready
start can hear a bit good job I said
it's dark but good job let it go that
girl had a good lighting here she's like
literally attitude my inner dive you
were watching the performance I was like
I was i an't and they went then you put
him back in didn't you
I tried and then I put him in right
before right before little do you know
and everyone just screamed at like you
know you can't have that so you could
hear them through the microphone they're
coming through the microphone into my
inners we were so loud
Wow thank you they were it was a good
crowd out there all right what is this
what are we doing okay the bus is behind
us
there it is no I have to help get back
so if you want to take this go little
tour oh my goodness just freezing oh my
gosh
I need you just keep walking
sorry we're in that we're blocking so
we're gonna stop okay we're going over
bus rules
okay
all right we're going over all the rules
this is her room this is my room
there are their lights in the room oh
there are we can still paint goodness
yeah go ahead she's gonna vlog so this
is a room twice it currently is this is
where Hayden sleeps at night in Walmart
and a buggy now we came to Walmart
because we needed a few things I go get
Oreos and milk sure a blanket and some
duffel bags and a pillow that's what we
got and pull okay so this is Marco as my
pillow no matter all right
Annie's reading a book that's rare Oh
shots fired
I said Annie's reading a book and he
said that's rare you threw yourself
under the bus you settled on the vlog he
likes your shoes yeah those are
different but it's okay
all right you ready the end happily ever
after
come on but we're ready to go no we came
on this I'll to see if we could see
Tiger Beat and they don't have when
they're sold out because they're so cute
Kevin you got this all time ago come on
Annie
Andie without even being told within her
little bunk doing school the boys are in
there playing video games she's getting
organized and doing school okay so I'm
gonna go ahead and keep yeah she found
her hands vlog camera was lost she's
doing well okay she's trying to do well
question of the day
do you have one do you have one oh nice
Hayden okay he's having a midnight you
know
it's not midnight yet though why
I gotta get some repeat customer
it's like memory foam okay who's your
favorite superhero
I'm gonna play spider-man with sneaky
one who's the sneak you know guys who
the CEOs of Europe he's not gonna let
him out for the question of the day up
hanging them in
I like my boy spider-man you know
yeah
I am a superhero okay guys I'm just so
you know the bus is not moving it we're
waiting for Jacob to wrap up I would be
scared if it was moving I don't know how
I'm gonna do this I'm down here and I'm
going to get down there is that what
happens and then we're driving to
Pittsburgh in the morning we'll update
you how our night went
but until then yeah thanks for thanks
for watching and we'll see you tomorrow
thanks for watching
the tailee
