raise your hand if you put your jamas on
put that arm down well you don't have an
excuse for sleeping in your clothes
because you were awake last night she
fell asleep
you chose right now I'm doing school and
yeah just really I'll have to say
Hailey's watching TV yeah bruised up
date the sunburn with the sunburn this
is Bruce and that we ate breakfast and
we're gonna go to the pool after I
finish school
hey I'm cool I fished before Haley did
Haley never started so what do you guys
want to do today okay well so I have
good news and bad news for today okay
all right so the bad news is I'm not
sure if Sean and Andrew can make it
today I know Sean um andrew has a
meeting that he didn't know about later
this evening and I don't think you can
make it and the good news is we're going
to try to do something fun we're going
to try to see if we can go horseback
riding
and I think they go up there with a
Hollywood sign is um as soon as we all
get ready we're going to try to go up
there and see if we can get on a horse I
go get ready
okay ready okay okay I just got done
school okay you're gonna people watch
gonna watch some people's let's live
some people's it's not that many
people's to watch I see what kind of
people's we have to watch I'm gonna
count every one who steps on one star
well then let me be the biggest I later
on we'll have to go and see whose star
it was you bet
which one okay so you see the polls or
the other one the farthest directly
behind or behind it but the one one I've
earned your stuff done no not that one
no wasn't there walking on now that one
all right couple reasons we had to come
down we wanted to see what star that was
that we were looking at and that people
were taking pictures in front of and we
realized the girls don't have tennis
shoes for horseback riding and neither
does mommy so we got to go do that
all right ready
so it's the carpenters and the one
people reading in front of it sure
hey do you think your friends right and
we were looking at the car for this
so weird
the other I go to some juice so we had
to wait for the shoe short open so we
decided to get some tasty snacks
some drinks get stuff better heat it up
before summer's well guys we couldn't go
apparently you have to be eight to go
horseback riding so we're going to go
try to find something else today with
our heads held high
so now that the north we go to pool
because I guess Taylor here Justin
you're pretty bummed watch it be like
close
Annie's worried that the pool is going
to be closed because our luck today's
it's not good like first Sean and Andrew
can't come then horseback riding didn't
work out and now she's afraid pool I
don't think you can see the pool room up
here we're gonna go enjoy some
California sunshine don't drop that
No
faul
lunch is served my friend well really
they've already been nibbling with the
nibbling and swimming and nibbling and
swimming nothing's better than lunch
chicken fingers specifically at the rule
fried Annie don't eat and swim you to
the hell up
and hey we've been swimming really well
but that wraps up a little par now I
don't think you can go after that fire
go bring it in a little bit more for her
Perce women counting really good all
right you can do that yeah
you can do it
see good job now come eat
here
picture time
look at her we let Hayley come dry your
face off
Wooper Cupid I'll pop it on
all right it's heading back after few
hours out of the pool
well isn't that elevator service going
up to our room they're fighting over
pushing the button
Oh big one wins good time if you should
ever stay in 11:23 at the Hollywood
Roosevelt let us know where tailee was
here we should roll them oh can we write
it sure that's illegal in a couple
million ways Oh feels good in here it
was hot outside the California Rays made
us sleepy my eyes hurt I can't look at
anything my time in the house and I put
on some sanity my sunburn better and it
hurt look so nice you just drop that all
over me well young lady what you think
I'm not sure if I want you to be myself
or hey we're just for a while until it
is a lie in the second five hours yeah
we have reservations to Annie's favorite
a nice take place and Galilee in the
action total go well you want to do my
sandwiches talker innovation by
protectors of Pinello nice tag on her
shelf daddy
seriously we have nothing to do it's
gonna be great we're all gonna take a
nap probably except for that one wait
she doesn't look like she's tired
they look tired oh hey Bailey brews
update with Annie look how good it looks
just a little bit I'll be here serve it
watch watch this we have some water over
here please miss there's come some
glasses
I want something to drink are you a
performing waitress I'll take some water
too please
two waters please she really gonna serve
I hope yes please Hey
PS those are breakable so please be
careful I could get used to this
good night guys
mommy I got a cell phone a mouse stop
filming and get your watch her I can do
both Hey we I can multitask hey L like
you
what would you else like let me see so I
don't let me see if this water is up to
service you know that candy hmm
over there like no you have to be like
it can be very demanding
hmm
I just told you this is very very good
service
I lied the waters delicious Oh may not
end well oh it's breakable my friend
don't trip on anything where are you
going the tables the other way okay
she's got it there hey late now I want
candy all right let's just sit back and
relax
when the California is not too bad is it
not too bad be my latest news guys we've
just spent like the last 20 minutes
laying on that couch and doing music
Lee's and then we order dessert banana
splits
that's your ice cream cookie can eagle
eyes
you guys I forgot to order without
almonds oh I know pick them all off
daddy's taking a nap and we're gonna
have some dessert before we go to
almonds dinner well dinners in a few
more hours still so we just we'll skip
dessert tonight and have dessert now
party in the hotel room so Annie just
spent the last I don't know five minutes
upside down making a cute little
musically and hey lead had an idea to
make music leaves up in a handstand so
that's what we've been doing hmm
inspiration you were her oh you were her
inspiration you're musically is one
super Haley and yours is press handstand
seven so you guys we got to go check out
we weren't we worked hard on those brain
freeze
I was really nervous the pressure was on
me not them I mean I had to film it and
make sure I didn't cut up legs and hands
see he had to athlete man he only took
her there Yankee time two or three tries
four five six or seven windy let's do
that magnet turn me Dad brain freeze
all right they're playing their version
of capture the flag Halley's hidden
Haley's hidden a flag over on this side
honey
hidden the flag on the other side
Shh one that Rose she got lucky
all right hide him again hi to me good
not highlighted it I'm gonna be over
here no for bridge is Jagger daily
tagger yeah yeah yeah
wait I'll take these off so I can get
the couch hey Carter over here - in case
you can't pop you Gardel a321 all right
the third and final round of capture the
flag and in Haley's style and remember
Haley I come over to your side you can
tag me and three two one go go look for
it hey well she's way over there oh come
back go find her go what goofball can
actually tell it's actually look I'm
telling you cheater
mm-hmm Haley's got pool curls they both
gave up that shoe that lack here here
yeah
get your Haley that's gonna fly out and
break something really hey play it no
time till get ready for dinner
come here okay hey come a little closer
so I can punch you are you being Annie
yeah thank you
why cuz its content you can't can't film
the concert
no you can't all right now this is the
dancer I want to film the rehearsals but
I can't film the dance because of the
music you hear thank you then you go
when did you get this guy one late where
they get you here what who invited him
here we're doing it at the beginning
okay yeah I don't want you guys to watch
is it a free concert yeah yes then I'm
out have a ticket so you'd pay for hey
it's a dollar
eg okay that's cheap yeah should i gun
for more bye got eat too late no I don't
need a hand put the sign up yet could be
$10 watch yourself we might not go we're
ready plane tickets please - perfect
eating hey redid the stuff
is in the tray we must have these
tickets really early because our front
row yes thanks so right before dinner
where have work you've got a concert
well hopefully for dinner hey Annie show
the order we will be going in is me then
him and we're gonna do it together okay
yeah Haley what song I'm going to be
doing wake me up by Avicii or whatever
it is I'm really excited
piece by piece by Kelly what's-her-face
kidding love Kelly Clarkson and Avicii
yeah you got a whoo-whoo
Haley is up go hey hey
you
you
whoo hey together what's this song case
they want to follow along meghan trainor
no yeah no no okay three two one your
dancing was great um are you guys hiding
for dinner because we have reservations
once again at Annie's favorite steak
place
now switch switch was it weird though
we're talking about how which way you
cross your arm left over right daddy's
the weirdo little girl number one little
girl number two
oh yes number one number two little
girls super super tired little girls how
are you steak oh that's a sad face okay
let's do the question of the day we were
I don't know if you guys could hear us
in there it was kind of loud so we were
talking about which way you cross your
arms daddy is the only one of us who
crosses different he's right over left
the rest of us are left over right so we
want you to comment down below oh here's
our car which way you cross your arms
game hotel suite hotel I keep going the
wrong way
anywho Z's been that kind of a day the
day started off not so good but it's
ending pretty well let's finish our
conversation so left over right for
crossing arms left over right left over
right I would probably to you clap stop
with one left on top left on top right
on top and that I'm left on fire the
only one so two questions of the day you
guys cross your arms tell us what goes
on top clap your hands don't think about
it just do it and then go to bed because
that's what we're about to do we're
gonna have a party
Seana and you are gonna call me really
like no not ugly
you guys have to get your nails tonight
we're gonna get our nails done
oh she's wrapping up in what I know the
guys plan this day no it went blurry
anyway arm it's just we're just gonna
say goodbye
cuz the camera's not working we'll see
you tomorrow babe thanks for watching
Britt Ailey
