good morning Annie it's time to wake up
ah that's reality okay good morning
Annie it's time to wake up
fine
okay Annie is not normally this happy in
the mornings I literally wake her up and
she dragged herself down she's been up
for a little while watching TV that
works for you I like this I like this
Annie this morning Annie coming yeah do
you like that you got Leslie but you got
more time to wake up
I got more time cuddly blanket thank you
oh gee you're gonna be like this all day
honey camera morning everybody oh I
thought you're ten good morning good
morning even though it's not more it is
morning not for them it could be Bob all
right what's your problem dad dad the
pony yeah
eat your breakfast blueberry
well probable very time going back to
bed mommy I'm going back to bed they're
not ready yeah hey what are you guys
talking about
yeah what about talking about
which one's going hmm have to leave her
alone
Annie catch your fruit good I turn it
off now bye bye guys later happy in the
morning back in the car easy to keep
body sat in the car you name it t ah
I'm happy now so I return my hair like
brushed it since yesterday so yeah and I
need
if you like I say that like I feel like
I say we're both gymnastics everyday can
I do except for weekends and so yeah
we're going to your mask and starting it
out early in the morning okay I asked
well then ask my mom but I said that car
right there that car like family or a
person in that car is having a
completely different day like it could
be horrible like they're having to go to
the dentist who feel sorry for them or
like I don't know like they could be
happy like yeah it's yours dude no one
ever does yeah I do is it I'm like yeah
it's Friday tomorrow right then after
Wednesday I'm happy
they can have it be having a sad day it
is kind of deep like what kind of day do
you think that person is happy no no
that person has really cool truck with
reddish tires well so they're having a
really good great day
and here we are not driving your truck
what kind of day are you having well
here there's a reason we're not taking
the truck this morning we are taking the
other two cars to get washed and cleaned
and why I don't know because it's been
raining for two weeks
maybe that's why anyways Andy's thrilled
about it so yeah it's Thursday okay his
safe and sound in the garage probably
zit what stole it and the other two cars
are gonna get clean basically brew daily
brews update with Annie over to you
Annie over to you mommy one thanks Annie
and now on to the weather well it's
raining
oh good I have a great comment to do
that what is called comedy your if
you're a great commentator or that I
look the void hello yes didn't do it
yesterday it was Wednesday right well it
was 5:00 5:30 yeah
5:30 and out of left and I said we rock
bars and I said peanut and Katie at the
talk bucket I went over and I said
uh-huh new game show it is gone how long
do you think we will be on bars and they
go uh what time is it and I'm like it is
5:30 sharp really without talking I
didn't wanna say bye today cuz that
doesn't happen in effect no and then
they're like what like you guys are
horrible at service I think Katie goes
you have a great way I can't say that in
that okay because you have a great thing
you
commentator I said thank you thank you
very much oh we turn to Elvis yes yes
yes we did
and then peanut was like but and I was
like really bitch is like you lost me
when you said bars and how long do I
stay on bars
yeah 30 minutes so what are you going to
talk about the choc bucket things like
that like of that typical that Edie oh
my gosh hi did you choke my bow to the
stern you bathes in the chalk just I
record any touches the bar like for two
seconds like whether like she just
touched the bar where she missed what
she was trying to second she's gonna go
reach a cup completely to her elbows Hey
choc doesn't belong in her elbows for
the record whoa Katie made up a chalk
tattoo no show me one day okay so is
that way I'll explain it
yeah you have like the water bottle and
you squirt it like you squirt whatever
they're called like the squirting water
bottle things to Chara yeah you spray it
you spray it onto your finger and then
you put it wherever you want and like
make a heart with the water and then get
more water and right like put it like
draw it in like that and then you
sprinkle chalk on it to make it stick
and then you like shake all the extra
stuff oh that's and then it looks really
cool one time she didn't a
it was pretty put there rub up a lot
quickly yeah okay time to do your hair
there's your brush time to do my hair
so let me talk about this could life be
a morning routine so I don't add that so
what do you think you're gonna do
hopefully PE but I think that's Monday
before she look like just a dodge ball I
hope you guys it's so fun hey up here
that's gonna fall I hit the break home
all daredevil I know there's no word
about you perfect that might have been
it I've got a hey okay hey don't break
ah
just just hold this okay but I hold the
steering
why should I put it it's fine there just
go
nice right and that's our morning
routine yeah pretty much got a sneak
peak into the whole morning you and it
just smell and they're gone what are
they doing putting their feet on there
and then smelling the bar they brother
yeah you guys are gross go sanitize your
hands good job
go wash okay Mia is washing your hands
okay good oh we're here to get jellybean
our little jelly bean we're rescuing her
we're gonna take her to lunch and she
wanted to see the truck I think that's
more what it is she doesn't want to see
us just the truck we came to rescue you
from your castle thank you so very low
hey I've been trapped inside for days I
haven't eaten a thing is Evan sad you
what's wrong nothing's wrong with your
mouth put a little make-up on oh my god
they have fed me days treated me like a
princess I have to say the princess that
you are stop it but everybody's been so
so nice I'm happy to get out and see ya
Heidi let's go let's go I'm gonna go get
someone
sounds great need you to go yeah can you
please um you want a picture what is
this mulch mulch your lawn please
he's been there for quite a lot this is
nothing yeah well I did not get you out
of multi Gardens are looking terrible
and I'm using this as an excuse there's
only happiness but there was half the
battle bring in the mulch oh thank you
yes exactly bringing the mulch I had to
carry all that from Home Depot yesterday
okay like wow oh good I think it was
there before yesterday still watch that
is the best thing ever
yeah you know we were up till we got in
that uber yes I remember saying look at
that little step comes out automatically
we're gonna let miss Jill sit in the
front to get a massage all the cool
stuff though don't get in here okay so
just like a trapdoor no this could be it
man oh this is pretty cool to watch this
this is probably what sold me on the
truck I didn't need a truck until I saw
this
no when Panama hey I'm not gonna find
out that you don't want you sure like a
trampoline in here yes that's not
perfect probably make them they probably
do they probably help yeah you're
exactly right on this 150f Ford 159
truck truck oh look at this this is fun
oh that's cool
and there's no need to have two sports
cars so we traded Billy's old car in for
this and it will actually have a purpose
like if we ever have to move something
it just was silly to have to silly to
have two cars sportscar than that what's
this this is an airbag seat belt you get
an erect this pops out so that is
awesome I any favorite things how the
doors that's very cool yeah a lot
oh my gosh it really like you would not
know you're in the backseat of a truck
no you really can't tell you're in the
back and we get so the unknown reverses
yes double this is a moonroof
this is a sunroof it's like love it open
I tell them it's a very open concept in
heroine trucks used to be like just for
like hauling stuff yeah I know not a lot
very good haul stuff and in style and
comfort massage chairs up here that I
tried out wait a minute you guys are
funny you know the song on a balmy abode
I'm gonna bomb your trunk to pull it
that is we kind of did that and we got
to make two eleven year olds very happy
- exactly Katie who haven't gotten a
ride yeah jealous she's gonna be jealous
but you got to ride it first
back there oh we got to go let's go get
him come on no you don't pop down
and then I want to see you yeah
oh hey Larry monster hush
Bob beat you
that's how a country singers get on the
back so I just had
so the picture fell from up there all
the way from up there to down there and
I was upstairs and it really scared me
so I'm like it was crushed and there's
glass everywhere my dad's going to pick
it I'll show you but I can't go near it
so I'm going to try to get that picked
up the dogs aren't allowed to come in
and it was black like it almost sounded
like a window like crack so with camera
turned off on me for some odd reason we
were not talking for five minutes and
the camera wasn't on but what my dad
said was that's what else happened and
the boat fly not the boat the jet ski
I'm trying to put my shoes on cuz I'm
gonna go outside as yet the jet ski like
to pull her back up from the water is
broken so he's gonna go fix it
and I'm getting shoes on because we're
gonna go outside and what I said was
step then noise was so like thing you
know it was so big I thought like a
moves like braking scary so it's got
side so we're outside and it's making
the weird noise and it's scary
it took another move in the water and we
can't get it out we're going office so
it won't like drink right why are you
doing this we're gonna go watch you from
the boat I don't see this one it did
this faster whispers so you have to move
this over way once gameand drop the
camera I had it like in my hand is the
right arrest yeah
wait is it working
coming up I hope it doesn't slip again I
we need a new one
really bracket Pat cool here you on the
other watch the sunset them over yeah do
you want - can we don't have working
what sunset time is almost out there boy
yeah waiting why is it the Saudia ha ha
ha
look these docks when he is upstairs
what what look how beautiful look how
beautiful look at that baby look at the
baby
oh just so you know the camera turned
off like right when you said and guess
what else happened I guess I
accidentally like turned it off so I
just had I explained it again and yeah
see that it was much better and we're
going on but and now it's out of the
water I'll Bank this is very smart
what if do you think this ever happened
okay hold on so what if you didn't get
that jet pea directly where it should be
and like this animal was over here and I
like flipped that ha ha but with this
thing break hey just you know ah the
dress here just fall in the water in the
receptacle a back on oh wow let me get
my phone off here it's all a jet ski the
farmers in the jet ski I was more
concerned about the basketball
was a pocket remember that time
no that was twice remember that time
where your key came off I know honey so
there's the key connected to his life
that's just in case you flip or fall off
it comes with you was it launched or yes
well I guess it wasn't latched so I fell
off of his whatever is called life
jacket and it was still on the boat not
that jetski like hooked in this is like
going in circles and the other like go
and get it in the freezing cold water
could be accurately flipped and yeah
what good time can we do in two hours
when it would when Haley comes back from
gymnastics yeah I don't think you're
such I like it was that when she's on
her way back I think I thought let's
still do it most people looking outside
to see what tell mommy yeah we'll keep
looking outside you see yeah that's
getting close but fathers it's cloudy he
might not be able to see it what will it
be sunny
there will be sunny where we're going
and I'm like teasing them I don't know
tomorrow yeah
all you got to do is wait a little bit
longer oh I thought you're busted in the
water I'll call the review okay
what no mistaking Mother's Day clothes
that poor little Crabbie's what about
there's a crab stuck in there yeah and
look there's no baby oh wait what else
me I can we like smell that or just like
crawl didn't do it
Oh what is that thing
this let you know said a kangaroo this
was that that's a kangaroo you can see
the pouch wonder where they go no no
what I have done a long time good um
I've been on a trampoline no it's not
hold up the picture but I think it
already had a crack in it in this room
there's always feel that said walk over
here not look at Gigi I can't go any
farther south to zoom look good oh she's
like help me Oh glass phobic Pete's
quest
ah so if you guys are wondering that's
Mary Kate and not Caleb but you probably
saw that that was Caleb but I don't you
guys knew that okay Annie Annie Annie
Show Starring
who's that that's the other guy lately
not starring Hayley starring hey yeah
take the next performance ease hey
everybody
pop your hand no way I got it in the
walk-in is it okay now do you prefer
that yeah no pressure just live in front
of all the world national television how
do you think about this how do you think
of us yes
what you mean what do know okay that was
a good one good try that's is it for
tonight ladies in look like where are
you
we didn't practice our camera blocking
that's it for tonight ladies and
gentlemen I hope you enjoy don't forget
to thumbs up like comment and subscribe
thank you that sure okay
and please do not judge whatever accent
this is wait I am NOT on what is the
question of the day you know be gang II
don't actually knowledge do my regular
commentator voice what is the question
now what is the question
oh my gosh was that this morning when
you were doing your commentator voice in
the chalk bucket that this has been the
longest day ever
or was that yesterday
yesterday I think it was today Annie all
right the question of the day is why is
your favorite who's your favorite and
you're highly no no don't answer that
any of these ya know who does better in
school
Annie no she does not I do all right
let's do I don't know as you could pick
your accent so the question of the day
is my question of the day ease what's
your favorite accent accent it is easy I
just went through Australia in the
country what is your favorite accent
mommy XE is anything my favorite accent
it's culturing my favorite act more
favorite oh yes my favorite accent alien
boy okay oh here we go
okay my favorite accent is yeah this is
the pea Lincoln alien alien sir
don't forget ourselves you know I don't
forget to calm it down below cuz you
want to know those we're down under it
was this morning PS the question of the
day he's going to be like a 45-minute
video if we can't
what's the quest you delete some of the
boring stuff what's your favorite accent
what is y'all's favorite accent Noel's
favorite I actually I don't say that we
will see you tomorrow buddy do doodles
ah jiggle still doodles - Oh baby
thanks for watching
breath daily
