so guessing game are we going to school
or am i and picked up right now
doo-doo-doo-doo you're gonna call it
call it
turn left
do
the answer is Lizzie hey I'm getting
picked up so yes she is early getting
picked up in fact
why are you getting picked up earlier
this I have I doctor thingy yes loose
skin why are you scared my thing No then
I'm gonna be sad he told us a long time
ago that eventually Hayley would be out
of her glasses and last time we went
which is a while back he just lowered
her prescription it's weakened I guess
weekend's about lowered my heart too he
lowered your heart too when he told her
that she still need to be in glasses a
little longer so today is another day
another checkup and we're gonna see what
he thinks this time we're on our way
right now there's nothing to be scared
about you see they're angry isn't right
you maybe it's a same prescription maybe
he's gonna give you a weaker
prescription or maybe he's taking you
out but there doesn't be scared about I
know you want I want to get a glasses I
have a question for you do you want it
bad enough to get another surgery for me
yes you would do another surgery if it
meant no more glasses yes she does not
like the glass that young boy I wouldn't
tell him that like he wouldn't he would
tell us that I don't think we I don't
think you need another surgery don't be
scared all right guys we'll let you know
what happens see you in a little bit
doctors office reading here I remember
being here and we read books about
glasses the first couple times I came in
here now Haley saw Grove with glasses a
super exciting I love these kind of how
you feel
where's the school the same bug where's
Jonah are you still nervous under there
under all that hair kind of guys we
can't find the piece of cake there's
supposed to be eight pieces the cake we
see all these cakes over here it's not a
piece of cake daddy why everybody's in
finding a piece of cake was your pzk who
said that Haley who said like no one's
ever said that some concentration going
on here
bye daddy not my Haley Haley gives up
like one of those books I don't get
anything can you please help your father
please oh my god that was a cake
my dad will be careful before he cries
she gave up on you he ripped it oh my
god okay we are done we are we've got a
lollipop she got that lollipop and
here's the good news guys the doctor
said she needs to continue wearing them
at school but the summer well okay let
me start over
keep wearing him at school at home she
can you know not wear them as often just
not have to have them is of course at
gymnastics and then
this summer we can start taking it away
after school's over we can start slowly
taking the glasses away and wearing them
less and less and less and we're going
to come back in six months and in six
months he thinks she won't need them at
all he's pretty sure she doesn't need
them all at all now but he just wants to
do it slowly baby steps and just go
ahead and finish the year out with the
glasses just so that we don't see any
crossing later so is that good news bad
news or whatever are you good
what's wrong did you get a rain drop how
do you feel about that you feel okay
that's good you don't have to wear them
oh it's really starting to rain like
seriously the rain just started coming
down that's crazy I'm excited I think
we're a little bit more excited than she
is I think I think she just thought that
it was gonna be done like you're gonna
walk in well I understood what he was
saying why he's happy basically said you
don't need the glasses
hey fear is if we take you out of the
glasses right away it could be it could
make your eyes start crossing because
you're your body's not ready right so
it's just a slow process taking the
glasses away starting now just we're not
gonna start at school taking Haney to
book club there won't be anybody there
to see if you're I starting it I think
it's exciting news I'm happy with it it
was we were just talking about how bad
her eyes were when all we have started
this two and a half years ago right well
that's you're gonna have years ago they
got bad yeah he just said it was 2014 it
was yeah her surgery was like October of
2000 we got the surgery pretty much
right as we started seeing this yeah but
it that her I was really bad and she's
come a long way so this is good news
miss quiet please take my glasses off
cold turkey yeah he really thought he
was gonna tell her no more glasses
tonight yeah and he kind of did really
he's like no she doesn't wean them right
if it finds no need for the glasses that
they're doing anything but just to be
safe that's the best news we've gotten
she just a seven year old doesn't
understand quite the concept of that but
I thought you'd be happy because she's
got a lollipop in her mouth come on all
right guys
let's see what else we didn't eat daddy
and I didn't eat so we're going to eat
and Hailey do you want something all
right what did you guys just get away
with we're sitting here watching
something and I'm trying to leave
because I want to go home and I'm like
okay did you let her sleep you're true I
said when the commercial comes on the
next commercial bullet we're leaving and
I'm like where's the commercial gun
action and every time I think oh it's
good it's not a commercial because
they're watching it on demand I'm riding
kurz I think that was their Cosmo charge
of good yeah I wish my gosh your head
will use flashlights out here at Katie's
it's dark all right we're headed home
hey it's a little chilly out here
tonight did you have fun on your study
date do you get lots of stuff done
that's good it's late we stayed there
too long watching fishing videos who
knew that you guys would be so
interested in a fishing village
humongous tunas and they had to throw a
giant spear at what yeah okay
call me is exactly up here because Healy
is a slob Haley the slob bird room was
not good all right are we in why didn't
you just get in the other door that
would have been too easy and made too
much sense Haley doesn't spend any time
in a room so mommy says go clean it's
just been like five minutes something
that's not true first you did her room
whispers pretty messy or she doesn't
destroys her room then she comes in my
room it spins like 500 million weeks in
it really on a week yes
and then she destroys my room and then
she wants to help so I'm like fine you
can help me clean up and then she
doesn't do anything and she stood out
like oh do you want to do the floor in
the bed and she goes the bed I'm like
okay so I start doing the floor I come
out of the bathroom all the stuff on the
bed was on the bed was on the floor she
just shoved it on the floor this true
yeah thank you I was like oh hey you
have to get out because you're messing
everything up she's like how's that
again I'm just trying to buy an arm um
now I have our broken arm she doesn't
get out uh-huh
you can't just drag me too late if I'm
gonna fight you you know what you know
what you're gonna do what
buckle up I can go if she is buckling
yeah don't you you're GE you're Gigi's
so excited see everybody is very sassy
yours I'm a lighter
you're gonna bite a dog honey
hey Winnie I come home after a long day
and our dogs are just happy to see us
just what toilet water
it's an old gymnastics photo of me I can
just turn the camera off
I don't know I guess Andy wanted to post
this on for Mother's Day
hi hey I'm going to show it really
quickly and I wouldn't let her like that
Leo lately I know what I'll do just
cover the hair there we go cover the
hair it was like 80
probably that was the 90s yeah that was
so that was the 90s
look at that good times good times
all right so what's the plan do we need
a door our daily our daily brews um put
it how's it looking horrible it's so
funny because it was starting to go
yellow it looks almost darker now Brown
you really hit it hard if that bruise is
still here all right so we're gonna call
it a day I think my opinion like you
guys are gonna go get ready for bed and
then you can do a question of that you
can't run away from bed the girls were
watching some tuna show at fishing show
at Katie's and I said okay and the next
commercial we're leaving guess what 20
minutes later there was no commercial
because they were watching it on demand
you know what I'm really okay I lost my
head yeah I heard it oh hi everybody
look at me we go it just fell over we
are really doing this long ago okay hey
I can you meet rod you think we can
stack it up good lover doll I can't see
Haley even here almost consolidation
okay we're gonna do this you guys
okay guys that's a big poof now we're
ready to stack so okay let go now oh my
gosh little nerve-wracking
you guys ready you can't talk like that
to the kid good ready okay
okay stay awake all night light with the
owls awake at the crack of dawn we stay
up all night wake up at the crack of
dogs here at all you night house the
rooster they're there um wake up Haley
but is normally a night owl but ever
since she started school this is this is
it her in bed okay guys would be the
picture step on it like with the Owls
wake everything I have done Mary it's
totally necessary I really had to do
some bonus footage Haley there press
handstand again the other day oh my god
that was so good
alright heck Piper come here come on
okay so for her last attempt we put him
at down Wow what she did
yeah okay yeah oh let's get one on for
Instagram okay you do this don't go yet
Ely make sure you're all shaking out cuz
you're gonna get too tired okay deep
breath push nice day babe
thanks for watching
bratayley
