today happy Monday January let me check
the old trusty watch 22nd I don't have
that focus but anyway we are up it is 8
o'clock in the morning daddy is already
left for his flight home he's meeting us
in Philly why do I keep I can't ever
remember it's Philly or Pittsburgh we
are packed we've got a lot of stuff we
got Annie's equipment we've got bags for
two we've got a Haley's a little bad
because she's not going the whole way
with us and we've got a goober calling
me so I will see you in a second I've
got to take this call alright we're
gonna be here in five minutes this is
gonna be interesting a lot of stuff a
need your elbow okay just hit her elbow
on the wall okay like hard um this one's
yours but you can get whichever one fake
Louie drop this in um Singapore or
Malaysia not sure which one um I'm gonna
have to put the camera down because I'm
gonna need both hands for equipment and
bag so we will see you soon
when you try to do the fish face don't
you don't succeed well here the airport
ready to lug all these bags I'd read
that and security people are travel
videos you know that read security and
he's like a bro a backpack pro we got
our system going on I'm grabbing the
boarding passes Haley's singing and
Annie's doing the plane tickets here we
come Philly you guys ready okay 404
let's go drop the bags off I cannot wait
to drop these big huge bags off okay
this isn't our flight yet but there's a
cool thing about this and then a bad
thing the lighting first of all the bad
thing is we just found out we're delayed
so that's the flight before us but the
cool thing is this is the flight I mean
this is the gate that we left to Hawaii
same gate well it's not the same
airplane did we fly American to Hawaii
fine American right now seems like over
where we ate so we ate over here we're
just reminiscing right now so it's like
oh sure we sat over there when we were
waiting and then we lined up right here
and then we pranked Peyton told her she
didn't have a seat
recap page did not we checked in they
did not give her a seat number one
Church go the memories we ate at this
food truck over here before t28 let's do
it
didn't I have like a grilled cheese mac
oh this is not gonna be good for a
breakfast but you know what I don't like
breakfast so ok food truck here we go
okay five to go I need to get on the
other side of you guys so there's better
light but I'm too lazy so we're about to
board the plane and they're fighting in
the airport
it's a tickle fight but how are you
gonna use that weapon Inez
heads gonna block the light so I get
better light that's sorry
that was our flight boarding that's
where we are we're group sick Oh Annie's
representing the Haley merch I believe
actually you guys I think the merch is
supposed hey this is important this is
important the new merch is supposed to
be up on the 24th which is when this
videos gonna be up so hopefully if all
goes well don't look don't listen to
them guys pay attention to my voice my
voice is telling you that the merch will
be out on January 24th it's supposed to
be so if everything goes smoothly
click the link up down below and you
guys can now get this new birth no I'm
not done I'm plugging it says celebrate
light and it says hey Lela boy and it's
a grey and if there did you know clay
made to look
you said you're off yeah that was such a
good flight we aren't you're perfect we
are not on the line right now
no we haven't even taken off yet we got
a little traffic jam Oh land because
you're on when you're grounded when
planes get grounded that means they're
stopped on the ground because they're
grounded yeah you've been grounded
you're not allowed to go anywhere you
get that now like that's when you say
you're grounded it comes from the plane
term grounded planes aren't allowed to
go anywhere because like some reason
like weather or a bomb threat they're
grounded so kids our kids are grounded
too and they're not allowed to go
anywhere
and rock your hair twerk the next couple
days
we're fighting for footage like she's
gonna get the good footage you guys
hey let's share
Oh
it's coming inbound
longer do we uh
you
good derelict wha
lining
okay guys
is it to her
here
one's really slipped I've dozed overdose
I like to dinner
it was ten million
we're just kind of going stir-crazy
eat all my snacks maybe that's my cue to
meet you
other HP CEO needed
she
we have about 30 minutes there's no an
hour probably for
forty-five minutes
you cook that
leave it out
that's by the key
or with fingers for eyebrows
yes
ladies a demo please check the security
side of your seatbelt thank you they
couldn't have
I don't mind a little
all right I'm gonna come back
she's not
imagination
and on that note let's go catch our ride
got all our bag it made it
traditional hotel tour
come on in la la we really those bags
out there for us I can't hope nobody
takes them look at those fluffy pillows
that's what I see it yeah I could not
wait I know to get in the bed then
really do much today but traveling takes
it all out of you all right we got to do
bathrooms and view yeah
and bags there's our view we've got a
tree
we got a streetlight
we got all the backs bathroom bathtub
just like we like I thought that bathtub
was full for a second and I was about to
like freak out cuz that would be gross I
don't know why never not when it's like
my hand hold those while I get it okay
guys school and agenda time and he's
taking a break from school we've been
here about thirty minutes we've ordered
dinner yes because she's working on her
in jinda which it's kind of school I
know I did this sorry I wasn't making
fun of your agenda
she's trying to make Hayley feel about
her organization is a very important
part of life so Hayley you may take a
break too while she does her agenda
we're planning our day out tomorrow
waking up at 9:00 getting ready for the
day doing some more school we have to be
at the venue at 12:30 then their
soundcheck and all of like VIP meetups
and stuff and then the concert so we'll
just do the morning the plan for the
hair is she's gonna wash her hair
tonight we're gonna put it into some
Dutch braid so she can sleep in the
Dutch braid and they're working you want
Dutch braid sue then before the
performance sometime we'll take the
braids out and it'll be that curly
probably right before the yeah okay what
part are you at school it depends on how
long it takes you to get ready so you're
gonna get fully ready and you're gonna
do school until noon because we're
leaving this hotel room at noon it just
depends on how fast you get ready you'll
probably at least get an hour hour and a
half we're leave here at 12:00 and we
get our stuff probably put on the bus
hopefully and get kind of organized on
the bus and then we start she wants to
put every little detail in the agenda
I'm not making fun of you all right
we're gonna continue to get organized
and do school and wait for our food so
stick around
oh they look over better in person she's
got a flip-out one JC Annie don't come
out yet a little worried I'm not gonna
lie but they're cute you know started
out like online shopping these are the
shoes that Annie designed with Nike back
in like February those are so cute look
okay so gold loving gold and then look
right here there's a seven that she
designed for Caleb Wow you got a pair
too don't worry
do you love him my father there are boys
five and a half oh I think they're gonna
fit look see I mean we also got a pair
of favorite mats too that fit me I say
we call out the right thing paper max
yeah do they fit hole size or a half of
that yeah I'm sure those that they can
send us somewhere I like them so much
better in person
Haley's look a little big hurt her three
and a half inch you know I like the pop
of color it looks so good on camera
we're still waiting on our boat what's
cute I know
oh yeah meow hope you're not getting
sick no sickness for you well we're back
and we're almost ready for bed I've got
to put the braids in Annie's hair you'll
see those in the morning and then we're
crashing to bed we go
Haley's finished with math Annie what's
your update on school
yeah did you roll your eyes mm-hmm
are you sorry he reminds me of that home
video of Mary Kate where she was taking
her note when she was like three did you
are you picking your nose no Mary Kate
or he's lying
no she waited for a while yeah we asked
her several times and she goes we're
like Mary Kate are you lying cuz yeah
did you eat it
mm-hmm was it good mm-hmm anyways um I
wish I had that clip so it insert it
right there but I don't know that we
have it so you have to use your
imagination so question of the day
brought to you by hey hey what's your
favorite musical Oh
why didn't you plays all right let's
hope it is a greatest showmen all the
way let's go you play all the songs now
alright guys comment down below your
favorite musical or Broadway play or
play or whatever like yeah Annie or
Phantom of the Opera
lame is Sound of Music High School
Musical okay good night we'll see you
tomorrow
Annie you can't go to sleep yet I've got
to braid your hair mmm good night guys
number two celebrate light
babe thanks for watching Vitaliy
