oh sorry thank you thank you I'd like to
think of a mother I thought
please don't take thank your mother for
that performance and pipe right good job
fiber but you can tell it is picnic time
but here's the kicker anything what are
we doing this where are we taking this
it's it's the boats maiden voyage we're
going out on the boat today now here's
the thing it's cloudy but not raining
what's up Cloudy with a Chance of people
know it's Cloudy with a Chance of
Meatballs zero chance of meatballs it is
cloudy it's chilly but it's not freezing
but we're gonna be in sweatshirts and
all that and show us what you guys pack
we okay we are no no no you guys each
have a basket we can we can take turns
you do that basket okay yeah yeah what's
Amir doc Gooden so he better popcorn we
pack white cheddar popcorn mm-hmm
some cookies mmm they're women frosted
okay
what did you have in yours I had jizz
torito's we've renamed Doritos to say
torito's like treat Rita's treat and
Doritos and mashed up torito's sherita's
lemon cake so two desserts and two kinds
of sex and then daddy's over there
making the Surratt or the wraps done I
made these until a rule works for me
alright I'll put it in the basket and
the puppies are coming on the trip with
us I don't know yeah but they don't know
so we should pack the dog some treat
that's a good idea
wait we ready get a ziplock bag so the
dogs are gonna come the first time we're
taking it out the boat still the engine
what's that call that we're doing with
the engine braking the engine in so it
can't go super fast hey big baby may get
some bacon a little bit up okay they're
like yeah Oh would be anything on the
boat smells good huh oh I wish the
camera have like four yeah four D with
the smell all right we're on and now
it's time to invite the dogs on should
we put this up there for a second oh
that's a good idea that stuff can go up
there come on
one doggone you're on a boat GT close
that door - come on girls
come on Piper run here oh she's gonna go
the other way
oh come on that's a long jump for her
Timon come on come on Piper yeah I can
swim
Piper can make it come on hey come on I
like jump come on raiveer
yeah fibre come on Winnie when it go
need help
come on Winnie you can do it come on e
come on Lanie do you lift or on what
gonna come on you're gonna back up right
into the water
don't forget him that much weight Oh
leave her alone all right all the doors
are shut
safe on the boat
they're so excited oh honey all right I
gotta help daddy so you guys watch the
dogs okay there's there's towels it's
okay you guys have got to watch her
cause she could jump right over well I
don't think that big ones are I'm not
worried about the big ones you're gonna
go after him oh stop it
I figure this is a good time to get the
dogs used to it since we're not gonna be
going real super fast all right honey
stay on the boat this is so exciting you
guys Piper what are you doing I were
like I'm on my own back here I'm helping
I'm I'm too co-captain they're bait
their dog sitting right now they are in
charge the docks I don't think she's
gonna jump it's the other two it's that
little one that I'm worried about
we do we haven't ordered her life jacket
but the other two have them what are you
doing little lady stay off of there
Sid's up Jim all right my friends it's
lunch time and treats we packed you some
treat we decided that the dogs are not
going to get on the seats so we're
trying to keep them down all right you
guys going to get the picnic baskets we
set up our table no you wait there uh
we're having so much fun out here yeah
Joby to get him
we're just gonna stop and also we're not
allowed we're learning all the rules not
allowed up when it's going to delivery
oh she went all the way up she just said
this was awesome okay I'm coming out
oh there's wine here Haley start setting
it up cute got it
yes a down ladder
remember poofy on the submarine we
learned that
should we give a boat tour yeah yeah
okay let's go zippers you see this will
come back down so you get on the boat
and there's a ladder and if you're just
like Annie you go straight up to the top
the sun's coming out
so here's my view and here's it looks
like just blink
there's my feet and there's a slide into
there the water and then when I hand my
camp the cameras the MA - mommy I'm
going to show you the rest at the motor
and the ladder to get up when we push
you in or when you're tubing or on the
slide here's the slide so you climb up
that ladder you get on the slide and
here's a door Annie's lazy and just
climbs over and here's a lots of chairs
so junior chair chair slide chair chair
chair we're gone water onto the slides I
just see what happens here's a look to
share another table place our table and
to eat food and the drinks are in there
so Haley you can put drinks over today
weather does sink friends in a portable
background oh yeah let's do another oh
well she the bathroom hold on daddy was
a seat I mean daddy turned the water on
for the slide Annie I dare you I dare
you yeah new she prolly wouldn't
hello this water is hose water
where are the drink the drinks are in
that drinks are in the purple thing
and here's another door yeah another
door another door where Piper is hey
this sink water hooked up yeah
it turns on I don't know it's even
hooked up to the hose now it's not
notice or not so this is like to wash
your hands like we're gonna put some
soap in here so when we go in the water
we can come out and wash our hands you
are it me the waters probably not that
warm but we have that the water is sixty
degrees
whoa sixty degrees and how deep the
water captain should be 10 feet empty
are you kidding me
that might be my thumbnail let me run
you tella wrap a wicket down what's
wrong
we're in 2v2 water why haven't you like
a publisher i can't touch - doing off
the boot this bucks it's very high it's
very nice
I'm very very single displacement come
on let's go get your picnic lunch mmm
you guys having fun and Hailey didn't
even want to come on the boat but this
is your kind of this is your kind of
boating here's the bathroom Winnie if
you need it guys I'm not gonna do the
whole thing but I'll just kind of show
you so this comes up this is a curtain
I'm not going to do it cuz it's really
hard to put back in but here is the
toilet you guys in case of an emergency
he'll get me that's your toilet this
comes up it's like literally a porta
potty that's in case there no it's T's
in there and then someone has to empty
it your toe and actually they make it so
it's kind of easy to do if you got yet
yeah yeah we're giving them treats
because they're begging
we knew that they'd want a picnic - hey
Winnie doesn't surprise me Winnie that
you were the first one to grab it
hi fer oh and that you choked because
you ate it too bad we need a boat name
we've got a few suggestions but maybe
you guys watching can come up with some
what's yours Shelley SP space ii l l see
L and it stands forget it like the
letter C and L but we're not going to
spell it like that and I was thinking
like celebrate in life so we're
celebrating celebrating like we're doing
it now or celebrate life I don't know so
you guys comment down below and tell us
if you guys got any suggestions for boat
names
oh look at our bird we decided this is a
crane right that's a crazy lady cause
they fly so the fake Ramin and then
here's our crane he was out when we came
outside and now he's back up there he
goes
please trying to figure out where we're
going so you can top either yeah he
doesn't want to be near us birds are so
amazing alright daddy gonna do this on
the first try
he'll he'll reverse if he doesn't feel
he's going in good don't be scared but I
am gonna direct him in if he gets any
are you gonna go hey can you back up so
I can get your okay is he gonna get this
on the first try I think you just may
have gotten oh well we're coming a
little close to that fell on I don't
know Billy you might have just done it
on the first try you don't like the
angle I said what he's tall just a
little I don't know Billy can you you
might have it
crap that was that was like a foot off
maybe I was a good try I'm excited I'm
proud of you now what we have to do just
gonna back in and do it again I think he
had it I think if you could have seen
what I had seen we would have had it
they just want to stay out they're not
ready to come back in yet we could hang
out on the boat together where you guys
leave I'm leaving I'm out of here
okay guys the Sun came out a little bit
thank you it's over here my friend but
you left the words attractive was it
often oh yeah in our tour we forgot to
show you guys the trash can we need to
put a trash bag in there to trash okay
so we challenged Danny to go down the
slide Haley and an easy Navy and daddy
agreed that he would do it if they did
it so we got to move the boat so that
the slides out I have never been in this
water and I don't know if I want to
start today I don't think I'm gonna do
it cuz I'm gonna film it I know
excuse-excuse it's just like jumping in
Haley you jumped in didn't you look he
probably shouldn't have felt it you sure
I just did
a lot all right we're docked the slide
is in place I'm going to start the water
they're testing it hey we gotta have you
guys jumping first you're going on the
slide first going get we're jumping
sorry Jonesy you guys are crazy
my bathing suit or men to get way guy
going first
dude you're doing first I know my
stomach not my feet my leg
I'm kiss all right so the ladders down
so you can give you you can go around
back to the ladder
the motors off right Billy okay so you
guys are good the ladders down yes Haley
was enough it's cold
Oh a little cold or warmer than the
other day it's all more than warmer than
the other days you ready in oh she been
good job Haley
go get your towel the first time I am so
proud of you oh my god it leaks from up
here it's like raining
I got normal it's supposed to leak from
up here
Disney okay you how much easier it is to
swim in the lake yeah
you don't have to I knew that was gonna
happen but that's okay you did it and
I'm proud of you oh there's a fire drill
yeah I got let me go first
dad you let Daddy do it or do it if
you're okay I just don't know if you're
scared yeah our stand up there no going
straight feet first thank you I know
it's not too far it's gonna hold you
yeah you better do it first in cádiz
brake foot oh come up water does it
flash in my eyes is it like
no it's gonna be like jumping you're
gonna have fun you go first
I'm sure it's gonna hold you Billy it's
like it's a real slide no it's not deep
enough for you to jump from here ha
winner out maybe all right this is not
homemade for me are you're gonna fit
no offense but are your hips are gonna
fit yeah give me a turn you don't need a
filmer ready yes on the go all right one
oh you see a panicked face for a second
here's the bottom hard so the bottom
soft anyway so feet first for sure but
you you probably went down further right
oh yeah look at all the fans yeah so be
careful make sure you're gonna be four
feet Ferris is the only and well they
have life vest on to say they shouldn't
yeah let's wait is it far is it a long
drop Billy so fun yeah I mean like hit
the boat you gotta hit the boat hey old
hangs over the boat we got the fuck hey
laughing she's smiling you gotta try it
Haley no okay look how how they listen
to me they've got the phone I mean when
his phone does it work Iran are you sure
that's I can see that like I don't think
yours is waterproof
Oh Billie don't know is not worth it for
you people
hey I don't think that's a what
waterproof the case is it it's lifeproof
lifeproof does not mean waterproof he's
crazy it's cool up here I love it we're
gonna break his sign over you it's not
backed up he's gonna let go of it look
it didn't really go submerge it's kind
of crazy up here no no cartwheels up
here you know there's not enough room
you want to go over we uh dressed to
impress we are going out to dinner with
some of Daddy's friends from work the
girls decided they really wanted to
dress up in dresses
okay you miss the boot mmmm I'm not
wearing really boots yeah I'm in jeans
but I'm in like a nice short
it's time to take a moment again and
notice that the Sun is out again off
stinks look at the clouds up there yucky
up there oh wait no it doesn't look
yucky on my camera and not funny okay
here we go guys
enjoy this moment with me why I get to
wear sunglasses wash in the last version
like week and a half that I've had these
sunglasses I've literally worn them
twice and one of those times it wasn't
sunny she just wanted to play yeah okay
here we go
ah film myself that's awkward
I don't like filming myself that's why I
talk word oh that was awkward
guys Sun Glasses I'm up on my lipstick
Anya okay
lips are down how're you guys doing back
there good we're going to Annie's
favorite type of restaurant move along
don't remind you but I don't know if it
really is so Annie doesn't like kabocha
gross serve him on fire
she likes the food Japanese food a bit
yeah it embarrasses her one time they
pretended to throw like messy stuff at
her like was it mustard or I don't know
what it was but I squirted the bottle it
was pretty late yeah and that
embarrassed her
are you ready for them
excuse me me to feel but alright big
fire ready addy ready Haley
all right
Hey
precision
Haley you gotta watch this part I would
you got her camera ready
okay No
ah that's great
I got braids now your today
now you have a little water even got
something to give you
come shrimp
oh my dog
Lauria said you
not Rockley looks delicious
are you raising your veggies you meet it
off are just the broccoli hey Haley how
was your dinner you're sitting so far
away from me was it delicious you did it
and you did it I don't know what do you
think yeah I bet I think they're redoing
something right here hard right there
don't run into it
oh yeah that's a board okay okay what's
next
Mitchie put in the freezing cold
it's a fire pit I'm sure like when it's
really cold they put some fire on it
watch out gonna get trapped whoops what
is she gonna realize it's a trap yeah
daddy stop scaring little children what
did you get
cookie thing for you and punch ah oh
yeah
what kind of ice cream was it chocolate
okay ice cream did you shit mommy ha ha
ha top with butter bigger much funnier
top with chocolate sprinkles cherries
and whipped cream
we could but we'll see what did you get
I got vanilla with strawberries fudge
pretty good
hey guys so we're really tired and time
to push today it's really all I have to
say every day if you get a superpowers
what would it be and why
mine would be flying superpowers oh we
add it in - why because I want to feel
like I'm up in the air even though
flipping is but like but I want to like
to actually do it like FB I feel like
you'd like run and I've had a dream
about it I like I was running and it
like floated up in here and I was like
flapping and is awesome but deadly
mine would be oh yeah I'm just doing it
I would be reading minds
I won't do oh and because I wanna see if
someone's like sad and I'm can order
talking bad about you what did you just
say oh nothing what did you say what did
you just think about the power is
blinking at me daddy with George really
fast invincibility what does that mean
it means I think you kill me so don't
forget heal me below could be on another
Christian days we get a super water
being boy power power is bringing at me
somebody morrow
Wow
baked potato baked potato baby thanks
for watching
Britt Ailey
