raining see if they're ready you're
yelling good morning yeah I figured I'd
be prepared
good morning friends morning are we this
morning
great Brennan I get ready to go to
school oh okay yes I am I don't know
something anything really it's really me
I know I look a little as fancy tricks I
mean I know I can show you my leaps if
you want but I'm not ready to do any all
right I know how you can do a front oh
wow
see spirit is quite simple are you ready
I'm ready
yeah I've got my little bag you know
you're not supposed to bring much to the
hospital yeah a little bag with my
insurance card in my ID yeah but I have
my phone and you know what I do not have
his magazines I was thinking I don't
know fall of time you know when you're
waiting yeah I think they're gonna put
the thing in me make me count backwards
and then you and then I don't remember
any big morning do you know time out I
hear the quite angry yes I'm not under
wear any jewelry Wow you're not a doctor
we don't know why would help you today
maybe they don't work you'd have pretty
jewelry on the tickets to the doctors
might feel it that's why that's probably
more like a yes not because the doctor
you can do it no trust ready go hey what
she got our umbrella Hey
poor Brennan oh really not raining that
hard we probably could have made a run
for it
where's the vault I'm scared again okay
and I probably could have walked up to
nuts away Brittany oh just get a little
wet
he's practice over no no thought oh no
your joke I'm like I want to go home
okay five hours later any minute now
look at this this is a lot of junk they
have my goodness
got everything club Hertha Annie mini
Maddie's have I got everything bag phone
purse lunchbox backpack other lunchbox
oh yeah they had miss Jill had packed
them a Nia lunch and I had packed for
lunch from home so they each had one and
a half lunches
oh yeah
are you bluffing that they're going to
bars and you're going home that's not
nice
guys it's yellow it's a banana colored
United States shake really prayers come
here it is I think it's more like was it
Alaska
no it's United a United States Florida
on there a little just a little region
that's right some and I'm excited
already what are you excited about but a
still raining no steady get to see my
blinky alcohol real Irish yeah we must
explain why so not yesterday cuz I'd
asleep over Katie but the day before
that the night before that um I couldn't
find my blankie but it was blended in
with the same color as my blankie chair
how's your blanket and so good so it's
on the chair that was the same color as
your bling it knows when to veil it was
blended ah yeah that and that night then
I had that night then I went to sleep
over with Katie and I didn't even and I
didn't have it then and now they found
it back that's not the same mm-hmm
backups are never insane how was gym a
new and exciting no same ol same ol yeah
all right cool mm-hmm
so we're gonna go drop off Katie she's
get to see your mommy her mommy's out of
surgery are you excited to see her
mm-hmm yeah guess who I'm excited to see
me what you can't see this - I was sweet
the first thing Annie asked me was have
you how's miss Jill are so they were
have you talked to miss Jill they were
very worried about her this morning
she's good to go she's awake she's awake
we got dueling cameras go in here hi are
you Mike no it grows no why
thank you it's not personal oh my
goodness it's cute mom again or is it
just all Rach do you see my toes it's
gonna do my blood you tell me I can't
see down there hey George oh it's just
like orders like the iodine stuff that
they put on your foot I think so look at
that like that was a total medical term
did you see me guys not at all Jim
you're not your Haines now not invade at
all what's on your wrist oh this is just
a case today to put an IV into me yeah
yeah so Jay why did I come if you wanted
to see Miss Jill she was like are you
gonna walk Katie and help her with her
stuff no and Katie's like because you
want to do music please and then she's
like I don't want to go see Miss Jill
hey Danny feels like she's not much of a
gentleman to walk her friend and I just
saw them haven't Wade got that it might
be kind of yucky yucky doubt look I
could keep this on for it's really big
in fact you probably promised but keep
yo thank you for you hello yes yes it
has to be for 48 hours to be raised
my arm oh you man don't take a shower
sure like it just need most of the time
yeah this yet I want a graphic no but
coming take it off so I have to do like
a bath like oh you go to bird bath
hospital stores they did you put it -
hey who's in Woodbury yes EKU school you
were intubated not the word man
you could totally be a doctor awesome at
this ornate ass easy ologist I could be
a minute detail in sociology we're going
to do is then they put this this thing I
was gonna put the gun so you get make me
fall asleep and then they put a mask
over me like like oh yes because like
literally like I went carry did you turn
me over
okay what they did he told me what he's
going to do he did because I prepare
just babies like I never turned like
really yeah it wasn't bad anyone tell
you the last thing I know is this is
that I woke up two hours later and I was
so comfortable and they were feeding me
ginger ale and crackers you woke up to
them beating you that but they were
right there she's like - yes thank you
I'll be lovely it'll be my pickled fish
so you know yes I've been told that this
is how I roll over in bed
Oh
flops around apparently I fell around
like a fish seasoned it out like this
and they turned you over and you're like
oh
I just like a bit really what a catfish
rolled and I really look like a fish I
think oh no no like a hook yeah I was
laying on my belly and my face went
through this like whole like a massage
like a massage table cool you what else
he said the doctor came by he said I was
in there he said it was completely sober
he said as a matter of fact you had
another tendon in there that only some
people have and not with severed - oh my
gosh you severed both your extra one to
your back up your back up again
dang it hate when I open it so it
wouldn't if it is that if you only did
your first tender well I don't know okay
so which bed Jim no you did not
did you really no good good you don't
see sad I said Mike was stronger than it
was when it was just a regular kilise so
I'm like I'm doing that I'm doing front
tucks again actually I'm gonna do run a
spring falls ready it you engage I'm in
this mom Oh heart lay down lay down
wake up yes that's my story that's what
happened that was a good day I mean my
day was a little bit more boring the
mass I don't want to be broken but I do
want to just lay here for 48 48 you
would be so bored Annie Annie if I need
you know like that yeah you would get so
caught up on school and a saltine
crackers
rookies become are you getting chocolate
chip cookies they want to sleep over but
the moms and dads have said no and
they're not happy with us I know we
hardly say no to sleepovers we say no a
lot but you very much you're welcome but
here's the thing
family is important you got to spend
time with your family you are very much
like family I guess my wife thank you
for 30 more minutes
ding time with the family and then we're
all better but you like not so long ago
were nearly in tears about your blankie
I miss my blankie stay strong you're
still with Katy dragging them away from
each other is like really traumatizing
ah all right it is we're gonna go home
and see your sister and your father and
Katie's gonna hang out with her parents
yeah we can sit on the couch longer go
sit on the couch with her and we'll go
Cory
hey Kenny on the couch potato aah
no trouble if I laughing at this a book
if she laughs at your jokes miss Jill
you're the funniest all right soon as I
drag these two away from each other this
is the face of a girl who's scratching
her eye she was the group face of a girl
what's mad at me but then her eyes are
thoroughly mad we won't use the word mad
just discard already started him oh
please that was cute
sleepovers can't happen every day
there we go bye Katie and Families you
cease doing your daddy went to seal look
look let me see it
I know you just got it back but this is
why we couldn't find it the other night
it really blends in
that's so funny
feel better now we just got home oh she
was asleep
better she would be wanker
sleepy sleepy sleepy
what are you trying to do grab her leg
that was sweet okay so still we have a
fire going in hey maybe a little chilly
but we may take the boat out tomorrow
and do some stuff on the engine whatever
they told us to do I don't know anything
about that can't wait I was gonna be
warmer because the water still probably
cold so we're just gonna hang it at home
what do you want to do snuggle and watch
TV
yeah let's knock yeah I picked them up
so that the dogs would not chew them her
collection of things has is growing
oopsie
it is this not too much you don't think
that's to mine this is only my pillow so
I needed to care you this is old blankie
I mean new blankie that's not that's not
her favorite it didn't do same blankie
just completely different colors this
looked like this once all right Annie
and I are gonna have a snuggle fest and
we'll be back later with a question of
the day you given that thing up ever
remember when you said you're gonna get
it
give it up at 10:00 or when I'm off you
remember this but I gave it to him
Melissa she kept at her house I could
only go like up we came back in like the
middle of the night looking good to see
that's funny when was that back when we
lived in Texas I told her okay I'm gonna
go go a month without my blanket
okay so you take my blankie come back
the next night so the question today is
what do you think it is Haley I told her
two of them I don't know if you know you
can do something no it's at them no I
picked that one
Oh what is it from home every day or
have a job that lets you travel the
world
Danny did you go first no you go first
I'd okay um I'm thinking the bet good
that's a good one because some days you
don't want to get up in the morning wait
what is it I think I'd rather go places
because you might never have the
opportunity to go back so yeah um copier
that's not a copier so next time your
gun first bye don't forget to go away
they see the record button
oh no oh well here's the record button
it's right in between my fingers and
then I'm just worried right like a pin
on there I'm gonna squeeze lowball Kiki
Kiki fueling in it don't forget to calm
down below sweet one now the question of
the day is put your ad to go places
would you rather work from home or have
a job that lets you travel the world
bye-bye
database database thanks for watching
Britt Ailey
