homework and snack time move it along
move it along
we forgot to do our homework last night
so we're doing homework on a gym night
so we're trying to go quick
more math we're on Thursday now we just
finished Wednesday
so we're caught up now now you just do
tonight's homework I love that your
teacher gives you your whole weeks of
homework gender is the smallest out of
all these numbers up here eight twenty
seventy eight seventy I mean 37 three no
toilet you guys I bought something today
a new camera and we were out of bread
and Haley wanted a Nutella sandwich so
we had some buns and Haley didn't want
Nutella on buns so Daddy the kind soul
that he is is trying to no no I'm
gonna tell her roll-ups Oh ed wondering
like those are a little bit smashed
that's gonna be delicious but I think
you're gonna really like these you're
gonna be like can you pack me those for
snack tomorrow and you're almost done
your homework already
this word I found it out I don't know oh
oh nailed it arranged the numbers in
order begin with the grader Oh spell M
om put M om right there cuz I'm the
greatest do it see what your teacher
says write your teacher's name get some
bonus points he asked me you can't
really do that but that would benefit
mom are you gonna tell her you wrote
that underneath your razor let me
pretend I made it I'll feel good about
myself
all right Hayley its Hanyang
hello you were here for the conversation
yeah all right okay try it or do you
want to finish the last question oh
right what to say
arrange the numbers in order begin with
the smallest smallest now you can write
gg done with homework see we gonna start
a new snack sensation all you got to do
is roll out some bun na he sliced it I
think and rolled it out and then spread
Nutella on it
yeah Haley hasn't really seen the boat
okay the Sun is supposed to be out
Sunday so that boat has our name on it
for Sunday sunny day Sunday after I used
to think why huh I used to think Sunday
when some used a really ha Haley finally
wore a dress finally you know tell
everybody what's under your sweater good
things you didn't take her sweater off
all day because she didn't wear the
blouse under jumper she just has a cami
on whoops
she don't tell anybody she didn't know
but you kept the sweater on right so no
one even knew we got one for you and
Annie stop um we got cages while we were
out today because you know how Piper's
is broken yeah and Winnie that's kind of
broken but hers is a J awesome zip-tied
yeah how is school good can you buckle
cuz the car is you're good okay we don't
need a buckle hoop
each buckle who needs the buckle okay
but for real oh did you learn anything
new
what's wrong
nice Leo's everybody's got an e Leo's on
seeds were itchy apparently and so Katie
gate a butcher named Danny gave them to
all the guys from the Danny Leo and Elio
sweat
Annie Louise text my dad and Tom that
you took me I took you away
why where am I taking you I'm not going
it'll be fixed before you know it
Katie's dad's running a little late he's
chlorophyll tonight cuz I got stay with
Haley I'm not going home yeah Oh a study
date
how is it if she got Leo issues yeah I
don't know what any thinking here is
energy bitchy bitchy whatever is this
when heme nothing very picky about how
was practice I know I'm gonna never buy
our new leo how was practice good okay
bye
I came to get Annie and she walked away
this is what happens when we come to get
them at Katie's house same thing happens
at your house yep they all just
disappear mm-hmm they think that if we
talked long enough that's right and we
generally do them really exactly how are
you doing today Ryan good same thing
with us me and my friends you just you
lay low and you just let those parents
talk well in my house people camp in
someone else's house I'm almost
literally gonna be in the basement
everyone knows the basement of their
house probably because it is most likely
the coolest place was kind of like
kitchen boring stuff and how are you
feeling miss Jill how's it going find
out Ivan ooh did you saw me laughs OH oh
you've got the boom I got the food so
when I went to the doctor yesterday for
my pre-op of what my goodness um they
gave me the biggest restaurant so
there's not like behind it yes they gave
me this boot has fancy like I push these
little buttons and it there's little
balloons inside that make my feel a
little bit more cushioned so I think
this is what I'm going to be in after
surgery no making mrs. bags friends with
us for a long so it actually feels much
tomorrow surgery tomorrow morning yeah
turned into surgery
and I'm supposed to lay with I can do
that with my foot above my heart for 48
hours
Wow how many days is a do you know how
many did how many hours is 48 hours do
you know how many hours are in a day Dan
like a whole day one day is 24 hours how
much do you think how much did is 48 was
20 plus 20 Oh
mm-hmm we're putting you to the test
forty forty and then and you got to add
the other one so it's almost 40's almost
48 so it's two days two full days come
on is very so think of it this way yeah
just buys the crutches is an active
afternoon social Mother's Day Afternoon
oh my goodness and then can you bear
weight or still no bearing weight weeks
after that two weeks after that yes um
so you're on crutches for two weeks
you've got a lay in bed for two days
crutches for two weeks then you can walk
in that yeah they say they say they're
gonna take the stitches out I know
probably able to start you oh my gosh
you will oh my goodness what do you
think about the hop it's awesome good
video and I just like to explain really
quickly that the reason there was so
much Jill and me in the beginning of
that is because that was meant to live
on a completely different forum whether
it was just a different video or a
different channel or it was not supposed
to be part on the blog well it might
have been on our channel we hadn't
decided that but it was not gonna be
part of a regular vlog and so we had
like seven minutes of us just vlogging
it was so funny so I just kept being
that way because that's what happened
that day that's what happened that day
and and then we don't know when
gymnastics or ballet is gonna happen or
if how about yoga
is much safer we could play like chess
we can play chat some exercise our minds
oh cool the take a look make my arms
look really long hmm
like like more the rows that like it
gets a tiny head can you make me look
taller
No yes damn I got it I could try to get
what is it we're Americans yeah I'm a
little girl madam miracle or Katie what
you're Scott planned Oh certainly
dude what's going on is Annie will be
sleeping over at this house and because
because
there is it because because my Madre or
my cadre cannot drive me to practice
tomorrow morning mom morning so anyway
anyway miss Katie will be driving here
tomorrow morning
so soon have to wait and get ready Chu
I'm driving over here and picking my
spoke folk folk both up for practice I
will let you borrow leo thank you oMG
crush I just wait not much brush no I
put my found all this mutant person she
has me to fresh you don't have a yes
ever me doing school so let go mmm
goodbye Annie
so they decided to stay here because
Annie's got all her school stuff out is
it true as all your school stuff really
out well if you think he's room um haha
they've been doing school today so it
was just easier if they stay here they
finish up their school and I'll just
come get them in both in the morning oh
let's see I'll take long trip but it our
version
you guys and you can try music on
YouTube oh yeah very rocky quite like a
backboard and eat the possible you can
try my pie we're getting SWAT
evolve music on YouTube
oh he's gonna jump all the news Haley's
where it is still afraid oh my gosh need
a way to end quick whip and down oh oh
music on YouTube Ami's Tonya couch Oh
music and on YouTube hip hop jazz rock
and roll something something something
something something something banana
music on YouTube and all music on
YouTube get some beatboxing now text my
friend Rachel hey Rachel
how's it going sent so mean I absolutely
yes so great
said that's a mean comment anything what
do you think you are doing sent hey a
side note do you want to go to the mall
tomorrow spent by now let's put it back
in my pocket a crime games in yours
to jump on the trampoline just gonna zip
up my dipper
dip it up for those that don't
understand that was probably really
disgusting what you just did okay wait
wait no nice catch what you're gonna be
cleaning up this floor at least it's no
bubbles although since they're edible
bubbles I don't know what it's doing to
my floor we'll just stay in this area
and we'll clean the floor up over here
so it's not sticky okay hey stay here
it's too dark to go out and blow bubbles
and she's been waiting for these bubbles
all day they're edible bubbles you guys
what flavor it's like great was it weird
to be eating those bubbles hope you
don't get confused next time you're
blowing bubbles and accidentally eat
them
Hey
all right we got to think of a question
of the day
since Annie's at Katie's house let's
think
would you before prefer to have a future
Furniture Furniture mind mine made
furniture made Marv knit yep in trouble
my friend Martha you know have furniture
made not for from Marv
ah Marsh Marsh can you be dude
alright guys would you rather have a
furniture made from marshmallows or from
colorful hard candy Martin's you want
soft and fluffy furniture me too
I'll eat the furniture just I'll eat my
bubbles yeah how'd that taste not good
you don't like it now hair boom don't
freezing on the nose we wanna know we're
close every day is would you rather have
fur to trip me up marshmallows or candy
singing colorful hard candy hey hi guys
here tomorrow day baby
thanks for watching
bratayley
