promotional and other considerations
provided by best fiends hi girly girls
good morning do you girls know what
tomorrow is
yeah oh wait I know wait what is it I
don't know all right
no tomorrow is Mother's Day yeah all
right so last night I was thinking about
ways that we could surprise mommy but if
we do it tomorrow she's gonna expect it
we rented it today before she gets up so
I was thinking about ways cuz you're
both gonna want to make breakfast aren't
you and you're both gonna make her want
to make a present right but let's
instead play a game to see who gets to
do it so here's how here's what we're
going to do we're gonna play best fiends
they've been playing the game a lot and
how about this how's the sim
whoever wins what's the for what's the
level you guys want to start on seven
okay whoever wins seven gets to make
breakfast whoever loses seven has to
clean up from breakfast and whoever wins
eight gets to tell whoever loses a what
present to make and they have to make it
okay and the way real fast we're going
to say winner or loser based on how fast
like will time in so the first if you do
seven to the person that wins
like yeah wait to clean it up
no they can't be like no you just have
to make it normal and daddy will help
anyway so alright he has idea play yeah
all right who wants to play first in
level 7 you won't play first in level 7
all right so wait we're gonna be there
then daddy makes breakfast in you both
cleanup deal cuz they need to do
something
alright so Haley's going first are you
ready all right you ready let's do it
alright so you got a pick what's fun you
got a pick level 7 all right almost
captain you had an extra character
didn't you yeah you got have you built
him up yet yeah um all right let's see
there's yeah there's your extra
character which character you want to be
want to be that one okay I go ahead
alright so you have to defeat four of
the slugs and have 25 of the flower
things Wow
okay nice mystery timing right we are
okay
Oh on the camera okay mm got it gosh one
morph I would show up one minute 14
seconds one minute 14 seconds sorry now
you get to play level seven again now
all right that step
lucky
you better hurry good
oh that's close I'm gonna have to go
look at the times and then one out to
one okay you want I go see real fast if
any of the characters are able to
upgrade before we do the what the
competition for the to see you just the
president four five four and get two
separated you all right well let's let's
look at the time and then we'll announce
the time for the first one okay
okay are you guys ready I can't tell you
that you guys ready to see who's gonna
make breakfast and he's gonna clean up
from right now all right Haley got
officially a minute and 14 seconds Amy
yes Annie got officially 49 seconds so
Annie gets to cook Haley has to clean
all right for this next one level eight
whoever wins gets to decide what
President has to be made and whoever
loses has to make the present win-win
for me okay okay so this is one way
let's play it Amy goes first this time
I'll change characters right today's hmm
wait don't do at the time yet can look
like oh well so we start I decided on
the last one we start at the time when
you do your first move or now I'm just
gonna cut
you better get those water droplets
leaving the door wide open for you a li
big another I finished no cuz it done
yes
Oh long all right mMmmm Aloha wait
alright change of character
alright turn about the same way that's
cool Oh copy me hug remember you're
going for the water droplets just need
two more water droplets okay seven more
moves okay okay stop this is strawberry
yeah well done did it all right well
good I'll get the official time so I'll
be right back I'm only on level 24 it
can't get past it but I love all the
characters you get you start out with
screen guy forget his name oh my gosh
I'm nervous I can't think of it but this
screen guy you start out with the middle
guy and he is really really cute you get
to grow them and then they're more
powerful to beat the slugs yes okay you
guys ready for the times for the card
all right Annie this time first got one
minute and 30 seconds Haley got
officially two minutes 26 seconds all
right so we don't want mommy's breakfast
to be cold so I you know we can't make
that first so we're gonna make the gift
first so you have to pick what gift
Annie and like design it and stuff so
you're gonna be there with hey Lennie
right now do this now do this and she
has to be the one that makes up okay
okay what do you what do what generally
so I can get the stuff because we can't
make makeup we're just gonna do not a
basic card but stuff but would pop out
pops out at you
like a fabulous card okay all right let
me go get some stuff okay
so we're gonna make a basic card when he
opens it we're going to try to make Pike
pop but pop up stuff in it like flowers
instead because I want to do flowers I'm
going to use this green paper because
it's like the sim of the flower so just
fold this right in half we're going to
put the flowers on one of this that will
work beside just folder map no pressure
cavity perfect no pressure just make you
perfect
this will be the flower petals and a
little circular thing please circle be
yellow
I'm gonna like draw your flower because
you can't really yeah you can trace on
the flower they're gonna be half a
flower so in it you cut it it's my idea
yes stick it on there but only stick the
little circular things on top that I
have a question so we've been playing
that game a lot who's your favorite
character let me see oh my favorite
Hector pappu
I kind of like G because I got him last
night and he's just so cute and I
updated them to to any like this little
tiny setup you do you get excited every
time you get into character
oh well that's you Ailee is your
favorite character Oh any get screwed on
the right page um I like my body would
you like
mmm you look like a little robot for
some reason hello robot yeah I know what
he looks like
my god like at night because it is like
oh he's got like say he's got like armor
on yeah he like a beer something he
might be a needle yeah Emile probably
yeah or our favorite character yeah all
right
I'll see the card so quietly you get
away oh you gotta have the effect okay
oh the full effect to pop up oh cool all
the pop-up stuff that's neat
hey my mother's day I had a help Bailey
with the cursive really awesome okay
Dover okay good job Hayley okay well
guys now it's time to cook you guys cook
before mommy wakes up go ahead and clean
this up there before we cook so we're
gonna make scrambled eggs with egg
whites and cheese and we picked an apple
a tangerine and a banana so just this
butter new heart I'm gonna start peeling
this for my dad and going to prep the
alcohol because it's a really sharp
knife so yeah
thanks to at one oh you are good
everywhere the butter gotta get
everywhere I kind of go back in this
button yeah short night yeah hell you
know about all that
yes I do don't worry all right don't
play with that and I just feel like you
don't
mmm they hurt hmm hi guys
will I be able to peel it in one second
no she likes to try to peel it without
the peel breaking Oh am I gonna do it am
I gonna do it I never laid out was it
yeah Oh like a pro boom like those all
right yep okay go ahead and dump these
egg whites in yeah just all of it
the stumble min yep right in the middle
right you know all right just scrambling
them up all right so I kind of put them
all in one little pile now and then take
the cheese and try to jump it try to
keep it on top of the pile
yeah okay some of it gets off I try to
keep it like kind of on the pots good
that's good I pay enough for right now
no just let him out second well it's up
there and then dump some more hair in a
second but let us sit there melt her
head down some more and let it melt
right on top yeah feel like I let that
melt alright so let's start putting it
on a plate
yeah what am I gonna put the bananas on
on the outside of the plate now maybe up
there I don't know how fake that's gonna
go from like Hitler
some space well I have enough oranges
probably oh look that fruit plate yummy
third place you know what should I give
the exterior just how I like add them up
to yeah I'm the neat one hmm they're
perfect now we're gonna get these eggs
out oh look so good this is rather plain
dough needs to plates right yes she
definitely needs me here to plate oh
it's big enough look enough right yeah
yeah all right how much good all right
before we bring this in here Haley time
to clean up
all right okay Annie we're about to an
old don't touch the hot stuff yet not
you I'm talking to Haley that pot hot
hold on hold on we'll take it into her
so he's got the food Haley's got the
card all right let's get girls all right
thank you breakfast and nothing open the
hardware Oh
the pop-up card I'm gonna tidy a neuter
are your arms are going to hurt okay
thank you
oh my goodness my eggs just the way I
like them
with extra cheese extra cheese okay
question who made Lutz and he made all
of it oh yeah cuz we play the game best
fiends and whoever won yeah whoever won
got to make back for us so who made the
card both of you he made most of it I
kind of added a design yeah Hey
and he designed it and then Haley made
it oh look at the breather my favorite I
love burritos
are you eating all my food you guys
should play best beam everyday cuz then
i would get breakfast and better eating
like all those challenges thinking of
the best teams if you guys play it
tomorrow May 8 you get a special
surprise gift really well then we should
put the link to the game in the
description yeah good daddy are you Anna
no put that link down there I'll do it
all there bananas make you download
games yeah because I'm assuming you guys
are gonna play tomorrow yeah yeah what
are your special gift of these maybe a
mentor yeah so if you've never played
best themes before me and Haley are kind
of addicted okay moving on to gymnastics
you ready hey we just realized that they
fix me breakfast in bed and they haven't
eaten lunch it's now time to get Haley
to gym so I'm taking Haley to gym Andy's
hanging here with Daddy
what are you playing are you really
still playing it
that's cute it's a fun game um so
Haley's gonna eat lunch in the car here
we go and she has a pet yo-yo and trying
to get her to move out the door okay
five hyper we'll see you later
bye Annie see you later I'll be home
soon
he coming like Gigi's not coming with us
put Gigi back in
I know she's your pet put your pet back
in thank you your gym bag in the car
here's your water bottle here's your
lunch
um yes lunch to go guys want to go it
happens sometimes I can't carry all of
this you can to your pet yo-yo will be
just fine something please please oh
very good
okay are you sure your gym bags in the
car because I thought it was back here
yep Oh is he back there okay let's move
it let's move it close the door this is
what happens when you're late I
appreciate the breakfast in bed
why are you copying everything I say
guys that breakfast was a gigas
breakfast was delicious buckle up oh
gosh okay we are gonna go to gymnastics
and I don't know what I'm gonna do while
you're at gymnastics
we are going to go to gymnastics and I
don't know how I'm gonna do it um I
don't know the whistle so sad so fat so
I almost got it
not too close not too close but
clanky what should i do it sounds like
waves back you need to make him out a
little bit more circular okay wait
oh that sounds close
'we came up with all these red like
clouds
where's my sunshine looking over here
can't do it wait.you us on that locked
it out okay right
Braden 150
you know like right yeah okay I'm ready
one two hey oh yeah it hurts your cheeks
after right now what was that me walking
by something and accidentally knocking
it over oh no I'm so sad what's that
I was trying to save Gigi from falling
off the couch
that's super sad guys oh that thing
don't walk in here without shoes on boo
I hate when I write things Oh Gigi you
were falling and I grabbed her like and
put her there and then look and I
tripped over this I don't know what
happened actually no because I don't
forget her yeah
okay I gotta clean this so don't come in
here sad face
vibrant no no now Piper you stay in here
look at her Piper go lay down really
don't let GG in here either
I'll cut their feets all right I'm gonna
get this cleaned up sit Piper
maybe that's what Piper's like what did
I do
Piper did you do it Piper did you do
that
really Oh parcels coming off it's
getting serious yeah the purse is off
you get it all right
we were gettin someone in our bellies
after that delicious breakfast I got so
now we gotta go pick hailey up from
gymnastics oh my god where is he go see
if he's over there my way thank you for
opening the door for me oh he made one
finally she made her left hand
ah I just made it one-handed all right
we're getting ready to go to a movie but
we got a little sidetracked with some
basketball so maybe we're all just gonna
stay here and play basketball
Holden said he just got back from
practice no we'll go okay oh we just
went in the bed you had Annie's freezing
cold because we just got out of the
covers because we didn't tell you feel
and um take eight today one for
questions today and it is what is your
favorite character from best beans Oh
mine still geek I mean dude I ain't
Steve the fallopian um Lions still
tantrum yes I am oh don't forget to come
back out
that's me wanna know all the squat down
de is what took place
character from besties thank you Oh PCC
paper so they say bye say bye bye oh
okay I like carrying you aboard
okay swab
bye - just baked potato baby
thanks for watching
Britt Ailey
