where we go in the still we just
finished lunch and we're going to work
out what yes we're gonna go work out
look we're not hair you don't I don't
know yeah it's not a regular workout no
it's more of a oh I don't know more of a
conditioning type of gymnastics kind of
workout tell me more
well funny you should ask so you know
Katie remember how you were gymnast when
you were little and we decided that we
needed to lose a few lbs and what a
better way to do it look at our girls
they are totally in shape yes so we
thought maybe we would go in a little
bit can you believe it so long story
short we're taking an adult of NASA
class on our way up there right now
we're very excited about it okay so we
have a couple goals we talked about guys
ready yeah goals we want to be able to
do splits none today it's not open today
we make we access our game yourselves
eight weeks so we have we're going to do
splits we're going to be able to do we
card you round off so you round up back
here's my hotel back handspring on the
tumble track is what we want to do and
we want to be able to do a back walkover
yes maybe not from standing maybe just
from bridge right and then we on bars we
wanted to be able to do I pull over and
a front half circle and beam I would
love to be able to curl me but I don't
know about that make Carolyn beam okay
when I was a gymnast in level five I
think it was guys Manny can Annie saw
the video I was scared you didn't I she
will laugh she laughs about it because I
would oh yeah not be committed to that
cartwheel on I didn't care and MIT
I'm lob my time lob on low-beam I could
probably do it I'm all about low beam
okay so we've got eight weeks and don't
think we're crazy like we do have a
little bit of background of gymnastics
like I've more of a dance yes so I can
do a lot more of the Dancy things
there's more in store for do those too
it's gonna be very pretty okay like real
legit almost there yeah are you nervous
yeah I'm a little nervous a little
nervous of like how many people are
gonna and this is the thing it's the
best part about it our girls are at the
gym right now I think I do that we're
coming no idea so we're gonna try to be
a drug deal because we don't want them
to know yet until you know we've got a
few tricks in there right feel like
we're gonna go to your front wheel no I
don't think you're the only gymnast yeah
you're not the only Jamila family again
and there's other chimp um no I do we
don't know how the reactions gonna do we
did tip coach Mary off but I don't know
she knows it's today but the problem is
guys is we're just sitting around
sometimes watching the girls are like we
should join in I should yes we should do
the police to be able to do it not
really that I do but we're gonna do it I
do have a belly full of ped time you say
and we have a little of whatever I say
my time yeah - which probably could
cause little heartburn rain eyes doing a
handle upside down be like oh yeah can
you forgot one of your goals is you want
to be able do handstands without seeing
oh yeah crabbing when I do a handstand
sometimes I like sea stars yeah and it's
not sort of hoping to maybe cure that
yes yeah okay we're turning in right now
okay to that I'm sore from yesterday
because we did workout yesterday yes we
did have pre-emptive
toning tightens up yes and now I'm like
sore in every muscle and I'm ready you
ever really grip a wolf Barbara please
don't coach coach Luke we're sorry but
we are about to rock okay we've been
talking about this for week yeah and
finally today today today
all right right come along with us we
can get a feel for late but we just
double check other who start
he's in flipper the coaches out there
with you if you feel really weird
vertigo
you know that I think that he's looking
yeah you girl oh no we're just gonna go
wrong
I don't know we've never done this move
thank you like they started already two
footed cubbies it's really weird it's
really odd there's a hole that we today
Katie's getting already but I know I
don't I don't like that they've already
started and I go over there and who are
they gonna be doing the party started
yes well let's go okay we gotta go okay
Jill you don't happen I was doing myself
like a champ next thing I know I go to
run she's hurt like is you popped my kid
what'd I do Facebook potentially
potentially I heard a pop and I fell to
the ground after pilot ah Luke said
there's nothing left
yeah well he's oh my god do that oh so I
guess I'm going to the doctor's yeah
this was day one all right you guys
laughing this isn't count against you no
you were very successful
you were landing I know the pelvic look
at the camera and show it yeah
here and they saw everything that
nervous about you getting it you got
more time but just like oh we doesn't
like that reacts later on it's pretty
good you can put that ice back to
hurting you feel it are you just nervous
of the reaction
he made do they have a word for that
that's clutch shot yeah yes might feel
like I'm really looking for getting what
I did yeah there's a mortgage I did you
left revived I can get you something go
with you what's the hot spring to go
what to do
cuz I don't know if they're doing tests
or what right no idea okay I'm not that
yeah no burning yeah okay
chilly I'm so sorry so version of the
hoodie hi bye bye Jill wait can we turn
around red thumbnail wait we've had ice
for effect
okay we're good I'm gonna go Proctor the
girls now since no do you want to go in
Alpine okay dr. Rosen to do stage oh
thank you there's no chance I can carry
well um I guess you can fall close
enough rate yeah and we can get a
wheelchair it'll be it'll be fun an
adventure just like me they took my
purse
we told Katie I rolled my ankle we
haven't told her anything yet
hey guys here's my burst and it looked
really really bad on camera
yes well actually just looks really bad
and we have Arden Mia
TJ baby and we're gonna have seeker
we just have all just watching you
through yeah don't really know to talk
about it sounded like me as if we're all
just watching you fail just never know I
don't so many people
we should make a story like like what
there was a
because teachers on the phone skipper
dog that loved eating okay so once there
was a dog that loved eating and jumping
women we aren't supposed to say like the
whole and wait so once there one two
yeah once there was a dog can you tell
him about me jumping no eating giant
jumping and hiding no us we need to make
a swing yeah bye guys wait let's start
over you have to say don't say as you go
okay but then every hold the button
Heidi or something yeah she is Siri she
is so she is so beautiful
she is so beautiful that I J so
beautiful that she she was so beautiful
that she went she is so beautiful that
Chad like just went to she is so
beautiful that she went to thee
she's so beautiful as she went into the
beauty she was so beautiful that she
went to the beauty pageant she was so
beautiful as she went to the beauty
pageant and
she is so beautiful that she went to the
beauty pageant and rocked she was a
beautiful that she went to the beauty
pageant and rock the she was so good to
it to the be pageant and rocks at the
stage smooth I know right I was hoping
she said yes episode she thought you
know I should tell your bank does
imagine and Rogers day hi
that is so yeah heads way we act phone
for three minutes no mistake to catch up
with the water hold on no for jumping in
the water your clothes are weird
stop attacking I'm done Haley announce
to the world what I saw you do two
amazing things I saw today what what
were they and I owe the sea
little Louisville free that can spin
around if I can't face all right
and she animator shoot through hi her so
I guess they couldn't fit all the bags
in the car with all the girls for the
sleepover so I apparently they put some
in here I am sore I am starving
oh my god let's go get you some food
miss Miao Arden's mom made that snake
cute that one Sydney's can you put it
back so we don't lose it
what is higher than a need is it home
all right so we're gonna go join the
sleepover right ah oh I'm gonna take a
bath because I can't move my muscles
like gymnastics and my workout yesterday
I didn't like dog hours of genetics and
I'm not sore you're used to it lady
all right you're ready to get home are
you hungry I hope they ate so that
there's leftovers for you what do you
think daddy did I bet you just ordered
pizza
probably this was a Annie and daddy's
idea for a sleepover for the moment we
got a lot of girls at the house who's
there Arden Bardem Mia Mia
Katy Katy that's it TJ TJ's yeah I
didn't know that was he can't get
through the card look it's a car loaded
all right one two three
we're a space yeah all right here we go
house cool yeah oh good oh good then was
good school was good hey so we're all
gonna go change you guys
you guys all right you guys are really
gonna jump in the water
I your mother's no pressure
how are you guys feeling right about now
Eddie in there wouldn't get out you feel
really well actually I'm out here hair
and it feels warm I feels fun because
the waters colder in the air I don't
think you guys realize how cold it is
out here
it's with freezin I understand how cold
it is it's fast oh how cute those dogs
are love dogs too
can you find the dogs tician I feel your
desire I don't really want
it holds up about you should I go yes
I'll do it again in the war now don't
have a heart
come on buddy really that cold yes come
on alright come on well we're going to
slowly see Ayurveda God for one thing hi
honey hey jump in yeah
me and now they are eating deep-dish
pizza regularly all the crazy ones but
one TJ didn't jump in but I figured I
had mom you don't hurt why you said she
do the jumping no but I wanted to make
sure I told her before she came home and
discovered that you guys had jumped in
hey coach shop I take back all the times
that I didn't believe you when you said
you were sore mommy did you madly today
my back or my leg now you know how it
feels though just so you know see the
only part I know but I warn ya I warned
them and they used all the hot water
who do I need to be oh I know you see me
vice and my bruise look low
oh my god so much worse I know it's
gonna get worse and then I shall I start
getting better
oh yeah yeah then you're in the shower
and come off I know it looks really good
look it's like all the way up to here oh
but anyways just after question anyway
oh wait we're all done school right now
tell me how you felt well okay you don't
cheat you w e lv corner shop l fe know l
ta t hey t WL f th yes yeah how I said
to eat well
Oh so anyways what's concert of the day
I preach that person be like 20 going
huh yeah it does
do what you put your hand off no need
all of those what's your favorite nobody
get you one out of the drawer
now what what you if you could change
your eye color one sorry the last way
wait are we good change have you could
changed
if you could change if you could change
your hair color what would it be oh um a
friend or like like a sherry not sherry
but like like um he's a little part of
it da he goes not regal I don't know
hazelnut no that's brown come when I
would be I would want my hair's long is
like white when I was busy my hair was
like two all very red it was like really
light red it was so pretty
miss Brian mutter hair it's good I
probably my one and I could change mind
if I just like a really like bleach for
any what would you be married one but
not white is I don't want to change my
hair Billy like what have I just
highlighted it or turned you into what
your favorite subject I know I think I
already have
done it too many times who's your
favorite minion Bob Bob okay mom what's
your favorite sport besides gymnastics I
was like baseball baseball boom I love
you mom I used to play volleyball you
look like you would play the live in
school for Haiti
I am your second fire animal because you
know mine's candy horse and you're it's
gonna be fraud in cages gonna be big the
Me's gonna be dog and Haley guinea bunny
Angie she's gonna be a little elephant
yeah what is the last minimal Huntsman
wait yeah Saturday what time what did we
watch ads ago yeah I think I've been
watch them your good one day mine was
divergent
oh wait no I think I watched another
movie here Harry Potter that's what it
was
I feel like I saw a movie but I did did
we watch any movies oh I don't know
miles before caylor's last time Oh mine
is probably Zootopia mine is probably
here forever
yes that was a long time that was like a
month ago yes many moons at a house oh I
never watched baby doesn't have a watch
why don't you watch TV because I can't
like at your fine whatever let's go be
together a bloke to be honest know why I
like this YouTube cuz we would know the
one day is what's your big Fred yeah
it's usually what's your favorite
anyways what's the last movie you saw
sohbah wait I wasn't recording no cheesy
or not okay anyways you're by you
tomorrow
I know Oh goodnight bye Arden to doll
baby
thanks for watching
Brit Ailee
