good morning everybody where it katie's
again yeah Oh miss Jill and I have some
errands to run call them errand to run
and so Kay some things to do and Annie
is gonna get a ride from Katie and her
father
yeah gonna happen everyone i right I
don't know I don't know it is because it
helps me wake up oh that's cool
yeah see it's a lovin I would normally
be like yeah we got in the car Danny
goes I wouldn't even be awake right now
it's gonna be good I'm in awake right
make sure he's dressed okay he is good
morning Brennan didn't want him in this
PJs it's all good so that's that's the
story right now we're being a little
discreet on what errands you have to run
but you'll find out I'm sure soon
they're very important they're I'm
actually are just oh I can't believe
that it get me just one of the big I got
a bunch of you toothbrushes now Katie
can't run a tooth broken and he's
filming without makeup tattletale you
being Haley who's Katie let me film you
yeah how do you feel great
you should feel great without makeup I'm
just using but I do still feel like my
eyelashes are short they are not know
now without them
let's with chapstick and you could still
feel em at the end of oh really couldn't
chop might get on them and hit yeah okay
watch this they're gonna be really
excited the other day we went and bought
new leashes and collars for the dog
we're gonna try to take all three of
them for a walk today all right watch
when she sees it
when he gets the most excited well her
yours went back go watch this it's her
second favorite thing in the whole world
over leashes yes first would be food
another one Winnie like Christmas in
here
that was Piper's who's gonna walk you is
you're walking yourself another woman
makes her so happy
what was like what yeah I don't where
she all right we're gonna add temp
attempt to take all three Oh water bowl
you excited Winnie okay so we're on a
walk we're about half way and the update
is Winnie and Gigi are doing really well
we don't take our dogs off on walks very
often because
we just haven't had a lot of time but it
seems things have slowed down a little
bit so we're trying to walk them and
they're just not used to it but Winnie
and Gigi are catching on pretty strong
pretty good but Piper on the other hand
not so much
they're way back there and Piper just
doesn't get it she's got a lot more
energy and she pretty much wants to drag
whoever's walking her so it's kind of
taking us a little longer than we want
letting them do dog things like sniff
the trees you guys smell the other other
dogs around here I'm going to do things
that real dogs do go on walks and track
sense put you on the trail of meanwhile
Piper's not here with us still we walk a
little ways and then we stop I smell
stuff legit dogs guys they're being
legit dogs trying to get Winnie some
exercise and what we're trying to do
right Winnie look at them they're doing
so good on these leashes poor Piper only
see them back there anymore
Piper's just pulling didn't take them
long to figure it out that you can't
pull on the leash yay dude who did it
that's how babies get it I burped and
daddy still aren't home guys let's get
you guys some water a long walk you guys
caught on quick and super super proud of
you too
Piper is just gonna have a long walk
maybe she'll get the hang of it next
time yes yet yes oh hush I'm competitor
- do you know what is super exciting
right now
the Sun is out the Sun blue skies it's a
little dark over here so pay no I didn't
know that but guys yes
it's been more exciting because I've got
my you know it's not exciting we don't
have our benefit Wednesday we're getting
a boat and it's a pontoon boat and it's
got a double-decker with a slide and
it's supposed to be coming no not for
you it's supposed to be coming Wednesday
ok anyways I just wanted to share the
great news that it's sunny out for a few
minutes and I'm actually wearing
sunglasses I got these sunglasses a few
days ago and I haven't been able to wear
them yet and she did but I did I wore
them yesterday and we all made fun of
her kids are like there's no Sun where
was the camera then sometimes I forget
to film when look at you that's me okay
we'll see you later bye are you ready
for this experiment I know my hair is
busy because we're insane is it gonna be
successful yes but my dad doing yeah
there might be a no-pressure dad's done
let's see you take a layer yes thank you
let me punch over yeah oh don't be that
be ready idea yeah this is not brushed
out hey I see what has gotta be rushed
out why is layers of hook to each other
yeah get one picture
- well that's cuz the other ones not
doing it yeah
hey go out kind of yeah it's good just
yeah well I want to do it I love it into
that voice would you say something good
it's good like it's kind of good reason
well I leaned my head back and that
didn't go well so I pull the hook no I
just like leaning my head back
I'll port they're falling on don't lean
your head back in here any doesn't do
that
oh my gosh so don't you got it out said
I get it it was fine
don't you tell that camera I'm crazy
fada I see you see your faces that you
make let's get these under under curls
curl I'll beat you another time you said
you got it all man Thomas good Kate good
time yeah
Charlotte be good see if we can't get
all this up all Dania
I'm not good sketching good at guessing
just catch it but then it slipped out of
my hand hmm did you get a new list leash
or something for for all the dogs that's
raw yeah move too much because I don't
really know what I'm doing yeah it's not
like mom
right now you brush my shoulder how rude
of you death too shabby for my first
time I straightened Hayley's hair to
straight his daddy's can get it all
right curly hair
how'd you do what mirror you fell into
it
what happened it's coffee she's gonna
demonstrate okay I'm the mirror she's
demonstrating what happened her at gym
that gave her a big puppy and I thought
I had enough because I would look like
this I thought I'm going to do a chin
stand no it into the mirror now at Jim
look at her cheek no total brush you
can't let Hayley see it Annie
it's a bit puffy - how did you put
makeup on again can't put eyes on Maddie
you have to let me see your hair I heard
I saw on Instagram
daddy straighten her hair look at it he
did a pretty good job yeah
do you want some motrin yeah get the
swelling down when you smiled at me
little how does puppy a little cheek and
it look like a cute little chipmunk
Katie called me oh she called you an elf
Tom picked you mihail Hilfiger talking
on a phone
oh don't smile
Oh where'd you guys I gave it to her
yeah it's nice and bruised and swollen
mommy all right hit your foreheads not
the part that's hurt I thought when you
walked out of the gym and notice it I
know then when you first showed me I was
like I thought you like hurt yourself on
bars I don't know why think I thought
you flew off the bar or something or hit
I thought you hit the bar
that's what looked like and then you're
like and you're like I was doing a
bridge and like what I saw was him the
other guy the other guy looks worse the
mirror and I thought when you guys are
telling me like I thought you guys were
serious cuz I think Katie was like she
cracked the mirror the mirrors oh no the
mirror was okay anybody get this on film
No meanwhile Haley had to escape the
craziness to come to some homework is it
loud out here including it on eBay okay
hey you forgot the please forgot the
please please and back to work Haley's
busy doing Tuesday's homework she
already did Monday's cuz Tuesdays she
has gym so she's being very responsible
because mommy made her and daddy made me
because mommy reminded daddy so we're
getting it done we're getting it done
math this week have you notice that your
homeworks different like one time it was
about the moon yeah it's like science
and moon stuff and this time it's math
yeah I open your eyes when you sleep to
make it look like really sleeping cuz
you know you sleep with your eyes open
and you yeah I do
just like Caleb means happy slept with
his mouth open it and drooled everywhere
yeah yeah
little a little late-night shopping we
closed them all down and we just
realized that it's storming outside
Annie's favorite thing is thunderstorms
favorite thing in the whole world so
daddy went to go get the car
oh and finally we got the horse
build-a-bear stuff that great that we
were supposed to get these wall or did
Disney but it wasn't out yet so we got a
bunny and a horse they used their
allowance and got some stuff I think
that we're all Horst and bunny doubt now
no more it's kind of echo in here and
it's storming
tail oh ok ready spaghetti go make a run
for it go if you had just gone when I
said all right you probably didn't go go
don't think about it don't close your
eyes cuz you can't see with your eyes
closed oh just a cute little face you
run back inside and here okay you're
mine
Annie Annie once the Thunder happens
you're already safe did you hear the
Thunder you're saying you're good the
Lightning already struck at that point
so I'm about to clear image on this was
really late at like 10 o'clock and we
just call back them all and I'm more
tired so it's time to clean today which
is which is which is um what is your
favorite design no that's not it
oh yeah what's your favorite dessert so
what's my favorite dessert my favorite
dessert hey hey either
are you so mine is it chocolate cake now
it's a job chocolate brownie um with ice
cream on top okay mine is almost like
Haley's it's like a fudge brownie yeah
like stuff inside of it like melted
stuff melt the chocolate mine and ice
cream on top with stuff like caramel and
strawberry stuff on top with more ice
cream like little frillies of ice cream
on the bottom and has to be heated and
there should be a chocolate chip cookie
on the bottom of the brownie so comfy
tom deluxe your nightly light is
based on baby
thanks for watching
bratayley
