so I just my room and Illinois Bahamas
even though it's like 11:30 yeah and I
just had a bloody nose so oh you do look
at it I just had and didn't really clean
up all but it's okay
yeah I'm still good you okay did it hurt
no and anyways yeah we're about to do
makeup there so this is what I'm saying
before and it's after so ready yes you
move okay my hair was my spoon 1 2 3
before and after so here's that looks
like and I really liked it guys
she did all by herself except for the
eyeliner yeah well half and half I
showed her how to do it on me and she
did it so yeah now we're gonna try
bronzer and it's gonna look really bad
and she's gonna look like clowns I'm
gonna show you guys you like do a
foundation a lot no we're just doing
bronzer we ought to have makeup on okay
so let's try it ready okay
so we okay so she's using a popcorn
because we're gonna have a family movie
night we're gonna be watching Harry
Potter and I'm making tickets because me
and Haley are going to be like doing it
cuz I should stand up like what do you
want to drink and then like flipping our
chip ticket in half being like theater
the second theater on to your right and
we've got it really hurry okay so it's
gonna be really fun we are executing of
you like you're the tickets who's
invited very good answer me I want to
come can I have the ticket now oh oh
well hanging
so we haven't decided yet and are you
getting me to drink one or I'm not gonna
be that your claim oh okay so like is
there like a concession stand and what's
the movie we're watching Harry Potter
any of which one it is Harry Potter is
daddy invited to the movies even though
you know there's a movie night going on
with tickets and popcorn universe excuse
me you guys have to do a little bebop up
with movie you want Oh like we have to
like go to like the movie ticket kiosk
doop doop do doop doop here Ave put your
credit card in let's make this really
light real life Harry Potter two adult
tickets and two children's and three
dolls and three dogs
two tickets okay I hand this over Harry
Potter makes playing for 25 so whatever
time let's make this you guys are gonna
see this okay
could we hand this over to we got to go
to the concession stand the Messi
concession stand with a stack of Leo's
that don't fit an E and lunch pizza one
should what would you guys like okay I'd
like a small popcorn and a small drink
thank you you see would you what would
you like water
Oh Piper's get another seat already or
you don't have a ticket
you said Piper had a ticket hey um yes
please Holcomb please I put ice in first
ma'am thank you when he's gonna help
herself but Gigi loves ice thank you
okay when he's like I will have a large
popcorn and in large I see I got to make
this real life like we're all my hands
are full and I have everybody's things
we're going over here now oh it's time
to go into the movie this is how it
works the carry all your stuff thank you
the rip it and hand back Harry Potter
well I think that guys picked that
how can you hurry up young lady yeah
yeah oh yeah you should be careful kids
have a barcode so don't wanna mess up
our code wait what theater am I on - Oh
check it 108 guys like a while all right
which theater am I going to second thing
you look another boat take it one I'm
writin Oh my weapon
wow this wind
and Pat you down okay oh wait oh yeah
coming soon to a theater near you the
Annie and Haley show movie makers how
are you gonna come join us over here and
these seats
he stole my popcorn all right guys we're
gonna enjoy our family movie this is
probably one of the most laziest weekend
slash days that we've had we haven't
been anywhere what is the last time we
haven't been anywhere all day like we
have not gotten in the car we haven't I
know in a long time we're sitting here
watching the Rd mas and folding some
laundry and the girls put on some makeup
today
and Andy took her huh a nanny dressed
I mean Haley dressed up for the occasion
Annie didn't get the memo - yeah to
dress up we're just hanging out Andy's
being a couch potato dude
oh let's play king of the couch how you
play is ever gets a person off the couch
first is the winner yeah the other one
off first and then the queen of the
couch it's only a matter of time before
someone gets hurt
yes three three two one I didn't even
say go yet a seesaw oh you're gonna fall
alright alright ready
beautiful alright and three oh three -
oh my gosh are so many rules three two
one alright she gets to start down
alright go Haley go low though we're
gonna swing this
all right last one you okay don't try
this at home kids the dogs want to play
this game with you guys this isn't fair
this is right up their alley with fun I
missed that round who is it that dove
Cameron Oh
all right let's its back on its back on
though
Freddie set watch the show out right now
I'm down the hair amazing camera isn't
it cause he just got out of the shower
oh that hurt okay and Haley is making
more noises and it's hard working
tonight
and yeah Omaha okay what shall be the
question today okay what's your favorite
movie my favorite movie is either home
or Nemo and it's going to be finding
dory I'm at my husband we shall just say
it up
okay guys Haley we don't know that um
mine I'm going to be just so many movies
I don't know this is a hard one that's
going to be put down
did you Oh huh this is say dead
nice turn around oh I think I think it
can be distressed McGuirk what's that
tell me what she was like that little
blue guy what is a bullet that was blue
guys
man don't make my command make a man
Megamind make a Nazi good one make a
mine it's really good it's really good
make a mind is really good yes that's
probably one of mine that's a good one
yeah so it's finding Georgia but they
don't know no don't forget to comment
below cuz we went in another the
question of it is your favorite movie
babe thanks for watching
Britt Ailey
