why can't you brush it from the shop he
just took her hair down from bed last
night and it was a quite the ordeal her
arm is still sore
we don't work are you crying about the
tangles right now or well I can't look
at you right now cuz I'm driving all
your stop now I'm stopped
you just fightin through which arms sore
beautiful
all brushed out looks like it so the
deal is I'll I can do your hair when we
go to the gym I'll put it up in the
prettiest pony tail that you ever seen a
bun or a bun messy bun
Mia's puppy-sitting me yeah you've got
the cutest little puppy to be injured
friends with my big dog really yeah she
what's your name Charlie she's at her
house like a lot so she's really good
friends with our dog yeah Charlie you're
adorable but Charlie come back oh sure
bring your cuteness back here I am like
a cuteness overload great hi Charlie
ouch Charlie you hit my finger charlie
that really hurt my leg it's easy to
have fun being a pit I know you can't
get dog asses yeah Charlie has to stay
over here did you smell my doggies sure
she does my Harley flirted with me at
Amy's toe James is running and the dog
chased oh it's so fun
I wouldn't chase after her toes nothing
you got your hair up yeah come here good
she's sore from her shop look at Charlie
look at Charlie yeah don't drop her
hey don't offer pass the puppy Oh heavy
if she so much heavier would give a
little dog I know I love boxer puppy
it's your face really qcc of a theater
face yeah
I honored your little face that's a good
version what are you two doing huh later
especially put a didn't work trying to
make a people lights on keep the lights
off but I want shakes
it's not safe to do gymnastic to the
lights up that is probably a good advice
from the coach can we let her down on
the floor don't run friends uncle some
guys that should be a bullet room let
the dog chase you down it's nap time for
the pups and you guys was so funny is I
was editing earlier before I came and
got dressed we're going to Hailey's
performance something at school that's
we're about to head out to but Gigi was
sitting with me while I was editing but
I have sent showered and got myself
dressed and someone's still here come on
you've got to be kidding me how cute you
are okay we got to go to Hailey's little
performance it's um it's Grandparents
Day and special guest day at Haley's
school but her grandparents don't live
here and we just found out because you
know she just kind of started so daddy
and I are going to be her special guests
can't wait um I think they're singing
I'm not sure what else but just waiting
on daddy to go home get home because he
had some errands to run and then work
out oh my goodness
the girls were right at the dance they
said um how do you manage school
gymnastics and filming and now that
Hailey's at school more often I guess
you guys are going to see me more of me
and daddy and the dogs yeah comment down
below if that's okay who doesn't want to
see more French Bulldog footage
yeah you might go outside guess what
Piper's drinking out of the toilet
busted and an eternity closer on the
floor dull ball busted oh and PS oh no
Piper she gets jealous PS um I don't
know how much we're gonna be able to
film at Haley's school I don't know
their rules so we'll we'll see we can
form film any of it but anyways I'm sure
it's gonna be great okay GUP put the
dogs outside bye
so Haley made this little man him and he
moves
super-exciting we're here at the program
and I hadn't started yet or just wait
until the kids come out I bet they're
gonna do fantastic we're gonna sing are
you gonna get up on stage and embarrass
her and I wasn't done oh all right and
he has boobs look a little googly in
this
cute needle - wait
dddddd all right so we got Haley from
school the program was great but she
isn't that I'm really tired
have you ever seen Indiana Jones yes
Last Crusade where he's got the thing
and he's got that he's got a he's got a
place Italy and catch the bats what's
about to happen that's what's about to
go down her sweet little head resting
living into the door and cut your head
off the same time and daddy and I
haven't eaten lunch so I feel kind of
bad you missed okay we're here he's time
yeah I feel really bad about dragging
her out but she can sit on my lap if she
wants to hi sleepyhead let's go get some
food in your belly or my belly aha look
who's awake
sometimes the best medicine for Haley is
a power nap ya know Ashley the best good
so now she's awake and she ate some
french fries
that was her line well she would Denis
is oh yeah he and some ribs rebel don't
hear Haley's ribs the ribs with dr.
pepper barbecue so dr. pepper barbecue
sauce who's ever heard of such a thing
really halie like unlock the car in the
split-second she pulls on it incessantly
that one's yours
yep don't let that fall over okay
what I didn't want to die out when I'm
kidding I'm kidding
same holy moly he's eating mine no he's
eating his
thank you for driving up to our ice
cream restaurant thank you it looks
delicious
hey wait a second there's a green
sprinkle on this what I said only
chocolate I saw that I saw that all
right um
so I guess it's a knees turn delay in my
spot I laid there for about two hours
earlier and slept hopefully no one
filmed that okay good not um and now
we're gonna want to move a we're just
all hanging out Oh me that was sweet
okay what movie are we gonna walk on we
were gonna go to a movie but it doesn't
start till like 10 o'clock tonight Lego
scooby-doo haunted hallway
mmm sure go mommy bunny sure so we're if
you cooking some dinner
where are you giggling let's do it
that looks cute one hour 15 you're
laughing
nothing no one say anything she's
sleeping with her head up wait she
opened her eyes oh my goodness oh yeah
just keep talking that is so funny fun I
was I'm gonna make a really loud noise
and scare no not yet let her go back to
sleep her eyes are open
okay she's cool she's okay Oh nope she
didn't really care
Piper you are funny-looking No
hey are you burning the steaks
I think he's burning the steaks guys we
have a fire going and it's almost May
it's chilly out chilly and cloudy and
gloomy and it's no fun new game doesn't
how much I love them I'm not even hungry
and I'm making their mistakes daddy I
just
ooh new games new levels nice job see
the super-sized mommy care Oh something
that looks like a wafer
it's the piper and Haley show oh hello
Piper you lost your partner I know he
doesn't want to dance she wants to fight
Haley we're already did this hyper hyper
mind your mind your business I'll do
with myself
it's the Haley and Haley show alright
girls girls girls
they don't listen golly my shop really
hurts
look me anyways
so hey let's listen today I'm boy daddy
I know I was the question of the day
again I said what's your favorite app
mine would be well including the social
media stuff huh okay
the social media stuff it would be
musically or Instagram musically hmm
I don't know musically probably and if
we're not including the social media
stuff I would pick best beans um Wow
musically for yeah and this thing what
is it cause it's like mr. dumped yeah
that one hmm so daddy was horse daddy
why am i filming it wait is it on you oh
my favorite yeah
right now it's my best feeds mmm so
don't forget to comment down below cuz
we want to know if question day is super
for that bye I see tomorrow
potato baked potato baby thanks for
watching Britt Ailey
