all right so we're through security and
the issue is that the seats are not the
seats that we booked we had Haley and
Annie sitting together but that's not
what our tickets show so the news is is
we have to wait we get on the plane to
try to see if someone will switch with
us hopefully they're nice and they say
okay
just remember what I told you start
itching your hair and then the other one
turn and look and say yeah I think the
lice is cleared up oh maybe it's cleared
up and then no one's gonna want to sit
next to you right and cry and three guys
it's really not the person sitting next
to us is fault
it's Delta's fault daddy's not happy the
person who booked these that's whose
fault it up so anyway hopefully it's all
gonna work out and we're about to board
in like 20 minutes so we're gonna sit
here and we're gonna relax presentation
and we're not gonna worry about it
languages Andy's gonna worry about it
we're gonna try not to worry about it
we're all gonna get to Orlando and we're
gonna have fun whether you're sitting by
a stranger or sitting by your strange
sister what's really the difference
right
I mean what's really the difference
she's really strange
let me see the smiling faces I could
only mean one thing we got it fixed Oh
TV alright guys we got it back
everybody's happy you can't put it under
okay so sitting and
and I have a right to prepare I'm a
human in my horse
and seven pairs and this with me and
Madison
oh wait my blanket already got a drink
and I'm not even in it air and we just
actually wanted a hamburger yeah this is
amazing guys I got in jail hey I think
he just wanted water ice on brother
because then there's teaching gathered
up through chili don't make it turn
on so right now
she's at the same airport we just landed
here in Orlando and so did she well she
ant landed a few hours ago she's been
waiting for us yeah
tell me about that my drink before we
shut off snack time
a meal
I surrender said no he wanted me at me
really I can't do any more yeah she's at
baggage claim
yeah I'm worried that that little
switcheroo is going to make them never
want to fly any other way again but he's
a lucky man who was nice enough to
switch yes thank goodness they got to
sit together
oh and
thank you thank you to the nice man who
switched yes and now back to the coach
seats on the way home my friends um
that's okay
it was a nice experience and now we are
moving on to any traffic oh my gosh
her hat bag is so heavy nothing happened
we're good okay anyways switching gears
to playlists you're gonna do three bags
nailed it
this is the life thank you kind sir
please deliver those to playlist
Marriott world center I don't know why I
talk in a British accent now but why I
don't know look at that guy look how
much he packed that one guy needs twelve
million bags
I know we had to shove it into
the overhead bin help me turn it around
we can see it thank you thank you
anyways i beautiful bag that look like
I'm a voice well we decorated it thank
you for wearing camouflage does that
mean boys were on the hunt on the hunt
for pay you wait I think I see her I saw
her bag first
careful alright go get her
hey you're right a new shirt is that the
new one yeah to work her pajamas okay
let the party start
apparently I didn't get the wear black
memo today I'm in like an orange so what
a cute little family you guys are that's
right I'm gonna pose one these things is
not like the other I'm tap dancing guys
only you can see it oh good time take on
this side please
oh hi safety Bears damn well played more
tart is it is this good this this is
amazing
okay I didn't realize how amazing that I
won each very good page best playlist
fur is a make I'm sending about it let's
say I shall blush Paige loves makeup
it's clear like that I keep you guys we
just checked in we got all of our like
playlist swag into your room for the
weekend go check out the view it's what
it's all about and don't mess up beds
cuz Mac couch Mary and miss Carrie
you're gonna be here but I don't think
they're coming until tomorrow
oh hello Orlando oh gosh there's the
pool left that's the pool oh oh oh there
we go
oh yeah please probably my Manny yeah
they have names on them
thank you daddy oh yeah playlists wag
they're already going for the makeup
what is that that back is any it's that
that was in the bag everybody's gone
I don't even have this one it's like I
stuff came in the bag everybody get up
maneet yeah
what is that a fortune cookies for the
me hey what's that oh my gosh there is
so much good stuff going on it's a
lychee that's okay but it's all the same
honestly hailey know something
I bet everything's the same in the bag
you just got to keep digging Billy we
have your mascara yes is this a good one
who's Matthew oh my gosh
tart is the best I just got another
palette it's different and it's so hard
all right we're gonna play we got to get
Arden and Mia checked in they are here
already gonna meet up with them after
they play for a few minutes and make up
and girly stuff I mean yours
and yours thank you now really look at
it and see what it says
Calum Logan yeah this is that so cool
you're welcome there's this girl named
Carol Lauren and she sells her own
clothes but she just puts a CL on it so
y'all could make it hail rule and that's
so cool I love it I have one and then
your mom has one right here okay so
we're gonna go meet up with Arden and
Mia Katie's not here yet any little
Sydney's not here yet and we're gonna
get kicked out camera
draw Amelie oh let's try a chequered
miss Pinellas brushing her teeth Lily
fell median age brushing my D I know I
came straight ahead oh I don't know I
was trying to trick Haley today this
isn't their room love it
look at the view can you say hello to
miss Minelli
oh they do have a good pool view ours is
like around the corner or not so cool
way a midnight swam yeah
wonder if it's heated it probably does
player it's a small I've got that's a
great view maybe the light show that's
what we came for
oh and is he Arden oh my gosh your
y'all's hair looks simple similar yeah
turn around Haley yeah
together yeah it's pretty close almost
same color yeah tail is a little
straighter today can I'd straightened it
up top
it's money little hide-and-seek going on
here come on out got some new clothes
misma no you know her Amy and I were
looking so Ken's been looking all the
places that we've got the only one I
feel like there's so many more of you
and he's the only one missing right now
yeah I know she is okay for waiting on
some dinner to get here to me it was
nothing when you're on the plane for
cheating I did I know you'd like yeah
she got the gum and was stretching it in
my face hardened busted I want to try
some maybe for that snap into you yeah I
want to step on Arden's food
Haley feed me I heard it's the best mac
and cheese ever Oh someone give me a
bite Cracker Barrel and Fire
Bobby here still
get man
I know oh my god over here Brigham okay
before I forget let's do a question of
the day and I've got one what's your
favorite kind of salad dressing you've
never had salad dressing blue cheese
salad she never had salad period she's a
mac and cheese Queen are you going with
Caesar yes what do you think ranch
Lucchese or wait I know what Oh Thousand
Island ranch ranch
I like ranch - all right I'm not
planning on ending the video now but
just in case sometimes you know I forget
or here does your favorite cheese she
mine is to actually Arden I will concur
in every salad she probably
baked potato baked potato baby thanks
for watching Britt Ailey
