sorry no oh Lord
and it didn't just wake up up like 30
minutes ago
hmm what anyway perhaps you see aunt
Kitty's room I'm just gonna land down
here because they don't feel like it a
gap and Hades gonna do like 10 minutes
of school real quick so she could finish
up the day um fair outside yeah and it's
a beautiful day and we're gonna go -
we're gonna go to Ikea to get furniture
for my room oh let's go look for the
strawberry what yes I got up where it's
sister sir everywhere all the birds
chirping oh that's good huh Superboy
over there Oh Oh strawberries they are
she feller oh oh here you go
gonna sell my bud come over feminist
icons gallery yeah I'm gonna be here
when I got ya so here are some more baby
buds right there
world banking getting ready to grovel
for day
Oh
I mean fun
the couple we were playing a game or so
frustrated we were really frustrating to
play colors which really I was able to
give you I'm on level 10 only times only
local yeah so we're going we're doing
the settings doubts some a little 12 K I
do you think you can fit in that beat or
do I just walk
dude a walk all right here we go all
right we're going okay what better take
cinnamon rolls ma there are really good
C rolls here we're gonna get some more
yeah we're amazing exactly cuz my
favorite we're coming back today
low battery on the camera things
blinking at me summer have to let you
guys go all right you guys we're at IKEA
got all this good stuff 60 haha forty
yes the girls picked up all those all by
themselves
100 pounds 60 pounds of 40 pounds like
it was nothing and the cameras almost
done okay we'll be there actually stop
linking it off I know it's weird mine
does the same thing so now we're in the
car oh and we're about to load up all
the stuff into the car did my girls miss
me or did they not Hayley's trying to
hide from me I'm not surprised who
would've gotten mad at you oh wow okay
good good yay I heard you're trying to
hide from me yeah okay what how was it
really yes it facilities you're like
Joseph's not a William fantastic we
don't want them to leave and we think
that you might not left Emily because
Amy's on 109 right now oh my goodness
109 what were you when we left 103
we're four you did five days of school
four days of school amazing you're going
to the park today you're not coming home
with me today we have a lot to do
really oh yeah we have any guard even
you like yeah Wow
have you filmed it is there gonna be on
there okay I don't want to scoop the oh
my gosh
look at it it is do you like it it looks
oh that's so cool we've got one of Annie
to it we haven't hung up
we heard anyone wouldn't even look like
yes is really right tra the two shelves
are gonna go right next to the eyes and
armoire and some more shelves over there
and hanging chair can you have one a
hanging chair I'll be like you're such a
copycat I am just like I hate it
I'm hobby Kabat me buddy okay we got our
girls loaded up oh my god
you know we still have to get all that
something yeah we're gonna go buy the
girl some new luggage let's go with a
big trip for the big trip the weekend
fun we're gonna see you soon Katie yeah
we're gonna see you at playlist and
tomorrow morning that's right I know our
flight is around 3 ish we wish for three
ish
you're gonna go to gym you're gonna go
to school till about lunchtime yes
you'll see Katie in Orlando for playlist
passing shows yeah I think alright
thanks for taking care of him Katie I
can fit in this car and I got Billy
start the car they're melting in here
tomorrow tomorrow thanks for taking care
of my
oh thanks for letting us what I'm
privileged it was some fun
thank you you in the morning you in the
morning and I okay oh do you see you in
the morning we feel like saying goodbye
for so long and if you like ET now I
know I'm never gonna do nothing might be
twelve by this point Haley found her car
look inside of it it's so beautiful man
alright well when you get older if
that's what you want to buy and what two
kids two kids two kids that was a boy a
girl who's a minute fo all right
happy affirming
it'll fit your whole cute little family
oh where are you gonna squeeze a third
one double Bock okay
they'll edges each other alright luggage
shopping here we go oh yes thanks I got
you guys lazy people sometimes my cue
your cue and daddy hands do something to
swipe it out of his hand
hey buckle up for safety alright guys
packing again and he's getting our
school stuff ready packing again this is
the hard part trying to do carry-ons and
not have any check luggage for a week
can we do it no no this is Annie's bag
that I'm working on right now you want
to see what we got you
Annie you want to see oh we got you come
in here know like at all yeah gonna be
like why would I want that better next
time gonna be like Dean be like why
would I want that
Haley's for him
what is it you did you laugh you like
that zit Stanko tangy you're welcome
thank you saw we did that's how we got a
favor done okay bye I need those come be
his little eyes you didn't share my cell
with me
Thank You T that was ready you like him
hey I'll take the packing she also share
your passion nothing is what I'm doing
I'm not packing I'm physically shoving
I'm trying to bring these don't know
what's gonna happen Anning see she can
do like I did I had those in my bag
she's got I'll figure it out
hey guys help me showered and ready for
bed I'm really tired and we're at home
we're gonna leave tomorrow after we go
to gymnastics in school and question
today is what is your biggest surprise
you've ever had hmm bigger surprise oh I
thought when I thought I got it oh baby
please you know the dog I was about to
see that were you really yes okay lean
on the same one so twice with Gigi and
Riley um one was on April Fool's Day oh
that was funny and the other was oh my
gosh his birthday here you buy it but
bought himself a dog for his self mana
mine well it wasn't really a surprise
it was just surprised at who we were
getting it
it was Piper and no no it was Winnie and
Giggy
cool so don't forget to comment below
because we got another question of the
day
is what is your biggest surprise you
better ever had
bye see you tomorrow hi babe thanks for
watching
Britt Ailey
