just look up and roll it really cold
right now
we're deciding okay and what we want to
eat and I think I'm gonna have yogurt
with granola we do get a bagel with
cream cheese
like me I'm so healthy I'm gonna have
like waffles and pancakes and scrambled
eggs
cuz I'm weird I don't know I want my
scrambled eggs but I want waffles that's
weird
oh my god Katie and Annie are super cold
but I'm just like in my long pants long
pants nice for some super fuzzy socks
fuzzy and I flipped with that hope Linga
it was like I woke up every like 10
minutes he did yeah
did you slept she fell asleep at 7:30
yeah last night no that last night
yeah like 7:30 p.m. yesterday like not
this morning said be straight um yeah so
she slept boys the night is really long
so for over 12 hours is when I'm going
in one minute
good morning everyone so I was noticing
something last night that kind of made
me laugh so this is a Homewood Suites
right and so it's not weird that
everything's like got a would like look
to it a lots of places have one look to
them but then even the picture on the
wall is of wood the very end of wood
around here at the Homewood Suites
everybody want to watch mommy get ready
I'd like to go on record to say now that
she can't talk cuz she's got tooth
brushing her mouth mommy makes fun of me
every time I wear tie-dye
oh you can't talking to us and then I on
the other hand know how to dress I mean
come on you don't address any better
than the retail a shirt so I'm saying
right right
anyway we're gone anyway it's a flower
actor but awesome we have done Katie's
room too far over light at the not
halfway zone almost there
here there's your foot
have so far out and then we push this
wave in the walk with your pant
everything is pretty much ripped up that
one piece up there all boxes on about it
and my belts get back down so let's do
this so learn Katie ER right now
yeah but this is what it looks like like
the dresser and hopefully we're about to
go in the car and Katie is trying to fit
on my hair with my hand ranch got your
precious
Tori holders memory anything I can help
you pick your hair so we're going to go
get eight potatoes and then babies we're
going to stop appearing know it move a
real answers from ride bikes arenas or
alright because I'm not gonna write a
like Danny
the right way I do I know what a rider
like that don't start remember last my
boys like you I like that when I
straight my stomach and my arms I rolled
out and so I've never like ever seen
enough
go to Rita's opportunity got dryer she's
gonna read my floor I walk that done I
mean why run but that doesn't he needs
to go really much as I know the Viking
IDO bashing or at the plaintiff
Imogen you everybody have a bunch of
stuff like there's peppermints and human
fest and strawberries and jalapeno and
like eggplant which is really a cool
kind of like big and puffy and stuff I
don't know and I'm looking for ego to
think what a million types of tomatoes
Wow husky cherry red tomatoes red blue
feast a tomato better boy favoring
hybrid tomato big be really super sweet
sand or more of the super finding a
little blood to prepare Manta with
fractures Rouge's great hyena
blueberries ways to put it put us on the
neck but it's not like a double visa
there's lemons okay we have to link can
we get two lemons or limes there's line
olives figs lemons or limes which one
mom or blueberries with my strawberry
you pick one yeah coming I think it's
one of the fruits lemmings blueberries
strawberries alive
Oh
these are like gorgeous oh they have
those in Louisiana oh they're so good
they're so good
Fago mom's legs they're like mini
oranges that you can eat the whole thing
Katie Katie they're like many oranges
that you can eat the whole thing
oh really yeah mom which one choose one
cuz it's your plant you're gonna buy it
which one do i buy look cuz you guys I
wanted okay okay
okay we're gonna go look at throw up she
said going me teeth that's one day my
head now big ball dating welcome smell
this flower please about it for you it
smells really good just funny now cuz
you can't it's not Oh strawberry look
feel these little strawberry buds going
on me or like it that's fun we had
really good one okay right up here
ah perfect that is good drawers with big
strawberry strawberry hunting so now
we're painting stuff and I'm like okay
so Andy and Haley both got a freebie
roller let go tiny it it's a three is
roller and it did for fun and then so we
got from us we got up we go bowling so
there's a brush
and so my mom's gonna get a big roller
and they get the smaller one so we're
both gonna get we're all gonna get a
roll
we're all gonna like hey I'm do a
time-lapse on it and I might like show
you guys like this or something so
that's fun and Katie's color is what
what does it call clear pond clear pond
it's really pretty fill up a pack on my
Philip's here we go I'm going to show
you that
and why can't I catch it because it's a
cactus yeah but I want to if I want a
pastor so do I but I want to touch me
but they're so light touch but don't
need an eye and a bigger gap I can't
touch it because of their shirt I bet
you practice with it hurts a lot
well we're a tiny cat guys everybody do
you think it really hurt my teeth I
declare you please of near college gate
Nick sweetheart
everybody
okay all right Haley hi Claire you
turn it off and read nice as well hey
Victor I'm so hungry
okay so we got their card and we got
their present and we're gonna go get
some lunch in a little while and then
it's gonna be time to get ready for the
wedding so um we're excited this is like
I haven't been to a wedding in forever
so like I haven't bought a wedding guard
kind of nerve-wracking so let's sign it
for the girls cuz their bums they
couldn't be here we just got a new pen
to sign up there's a little cap
obviously so long times you want a pen
do don't mean it fix it okay there is
something odd hey there it goes
but I've had to put it back on every
time I wanted to write like that was the
cap that was a small gap everything all
right what am i right
okay Rick sign it your new best friends
oh you're racking so decision made
settled on hashtag celebrate life and we
signed the girls names and put a CL
there over Caleb and Billie signed his
own name you guys should be very proud
of them so no name so we're trying to
kill bees right now Katherine tear
really terrified of bees and I'm like
inside while everybody's outside right
now and I'm like standing here while
they're out there over there and the
bees keep coming right things and then
look at this little bird test um we're
paying me we are having with
room but it's in school now like and my
hands are riding Rosie oh geez let again
but wait it yours not even the color of
the paint what these are green is a good
green marker yeah nice how's it going
Katie we got parts does it and here's
what we've gotten so far where do I get
this paint from here here
yeah I'll get it for you hey guys so now
we're going to go up to the apartment
and we brought like a little picnic
thing we should have found a blanket a
little picnic oh we didn't so we're just
gonna throw them across
we're like up on the playground mom and
they're eating orange I'm saving my
orange so yeah let's go to the part and
rotten apple right apple we have brought
oh they shoveled us yeah and water still
we brought water right thank you
now we're on sweet one swings right
Annie
yeah um Haley I quote I never gonna go
at the park again how do you feel right
now Haley
alright I'll take that as a I am gonna
go to the park again yeah she's just mad
yeah yeah she decided to come back how
sparkly Haley so any what's up okay I
think a really cool picture but I was
like right
here and it was my feet and the Sun and
like the trees and it looks really cool
did you think I'm doing so unfortunately
there's no strap of my phone so if I
drop it
now we're having a picnic gogo squeeZ
co-efficient candy table whole name I'm
going to be drying as a talk
alright go drive our train yep just
gonna hang after this you want to go sit
on that tree right there
no Wow I've tried for my eleven years
living here there's no egg me on that
tree oh I tried to do do it where is it
one the camera guys ready
that's the time oh it's right there you
guys no sorry
cool okay okay
progestin ready I'm gonna do weddings
yeah a skinny pocket we had the red one
not really
man we're all dress we're just not
really sure we're supposed to give them
the present
yeah because most people probably shift
it but we just found out there oh yeah
so we actually physically probably gift
with us yeah okay well we'll see you
later
schooling learning thing Cobra I don't
think I want my class
all right so once again I'm the person
filming because I'm the only one brave
enough to take the camera here well
Andy's trying to get on Haley's waiting
down there and I've got all our stuff
lately move your feet um I that's my
only way of staying on core core core
core where do we sit somewhere know what
I'm in the tree all right you all this
now I gotta get old stuff
oh here guys we're here oh there's all
kinds of people here look at that
beautiful church beautiful day
all right we just find that tree and we
got some really cool pictures and Haley
just dropped the phone
yes I did and you have some really cool
pictures and yeah it's really pretty and
I got a bunch of tree sap everyone my
hands are down my eyes are itchy no
wonder how Ryan and your mom are doing
it with the paint should I take it out
oh yeah pretty that is
hmm guys let's give it look that's going
to my screensaver you can see that table
camp now we're going to UM like go over
there and sit on top of it so we're in
another fight you just had dinner we had
chicken rice broccoli and lemon lime
lemonade and I made aware so it was
chicken rice broccoli I feel like it's
not only hip this we hug chicken rice
broccoli well I don't have broccoli head
salad a park-like center like broccoli
hi broccoli Chengdu I said viola I had
broccoli oh I was like and we're done
school like what what's gone before
maybe two pieces of tape turtle no go
fix that for still during school we just
had cake digest well you guys want a
20-month to go read cook and there's
time for closing the day but lesson of
the day is you could make up words look
for twit B and you could make a for it
would it be out of blankets well no we
already do something about blankets no
you should do pencils are patterns
caches in the Torah um it's me something
something got school pencils are pen no
my paper lined paper or just make up
okay
I like regular paper while I like a
rectal on I like my favor like being
organized like regular paper better cuz
you can like I like do anymore
I like I like lined paper it's easier to
write on it's easier to write on but I
never better cuz it's um more creative
okay
I like um blank paper don't forget to
come from looks really hate no the day
tonight I'm sure the matoro bar sexy
 is yawn is my paper a regular paper
by I will see you tomorrow well we might
turn the camera back on just to say bye
again like mouth well okay so hey
so this is where I do and for the
curtain because my method over he came
here here here if you actually wait to
get so it my gosh up I thought it was
even outside it is all agree these are
welcome to Haley cakey oh right well
that was fun
um magical magic not just fun it was
amazing
um Sean Andrew thank you for inviting us
and then one doing and fun time and we
observed with a magical magical time and
we wish you the best and happiness and
to celebrate life and no making me cry
at weddings anymore that was yeah that's
home yeah well happy sad songs but it
was good um you'll have to like I'm
assuming possibly they're gonna put the
video up maybe cuz there was people
filming it you're out there James
I would check their school well Sean
Johnson official because I'm sure
there's gonna be a wedding video but for
real thank you for inviting us and I
heard little text to me and Billy that's
the question of the day
was blind paper or blank paper
hmm originally I'd said line because I
like the problem isn't visit what you're
doing on if you're driving in picture
you need one line if you picture that
way
yeah so we got to pick one though I'm
gonna say why if I can draw a line paper
back really can't well is it mine just
could I need to be more I think I can
write on online paper because it I'm
curious to see what the girls said we're
excited to see the girls in the morning
or flying home well not in the morning I
guess in the app you'll see them to
really fly out in the morning so what
are we doing why are you holding my arm
what's going on are you being my tripod
yeah
this heavy relaxing is not easy to film
yourself sorry girls so alright I guess
since we're last cuz they already did
the question of the day by you know say
tomorrow
baked potato baked potato baby
thanks for watching Britt Ailey
