this is daddy's attempt to do my hair
and it's amazing to do a braid huh I'll
get better at it
does it
going to school as you can see just for
just too much scams - simply sweetie
close you know
are you excited about what we have
coming up these next couple weeks we
have to meet ups two to three not four -
not one not zero who am i doing
they give me fun yeah
I am yes what I did today ring well
yesterday after I sent all the bracelets
and cards that we're going to give out
yes they're there now so what do you
like the most about them to be those
meeting people sign cards taking
pictures
meeting people good morning my friends
hello
I know Mia got her braces off my SIA was
amazing oh yeah out
that's like conditioning Oh
no problem
I think the cleaning people are a little
late with morning they're not usually
still cleaning their one hand what and
trust fall
close your eyes all right to turn around
Tuscola you don't trust me you don't
trust that I'm strong enough well I
don't want to hurt you you're not my
child if I acted like that if I act
right like whatever I need get up if you
did it I was like oh my god yeah and
plus you got an important meet this
weekend is room fine you're done with
your meat season have lots of time to
recover if I hurt you no that's true
don't want to be entertaining yeah she
would she like what happened okay just
watch the video international trips ball
may help one is do you trust you trust
the mat I pass summit reopens not so
much really really she told me she did
her roundoff back handspring I was it on
the tumble track she's trying to explain
to me hands went on like the little red
like thing at the end and then the round
off should i pants there was one wait oh
so that's really good and almost a shoe
group okay where are we on the front hip
circle are we not even close are we
getting better okay cuz I told her that
the hardest things for the next level
are the roundoff back handspring on the
bread net circular
and uh I know push-up and then fall flat
head yeah I try to teach her with the
with the mills ergo if you have to push
up and then video I guess I coach Amanda
would suppose your heads around the bar
because right crazy organized soccer all
right you guys are gonna know what he's
talking about watch this you remember
yesterday when no tripping over dog from
your bar I did I was showing Haley what
we're doing and mine were in beautiful
neat piles and this is how he backs I
mean that's it's the same beautiful yeah
I guess as long as you get your stuff in
this bag then and you don't miss your
flight
that's good so daddy's turn to pack pack
her up okay can go with us Winnie you
guys same guy stay still on the plane or
they'll know any you bet this is
horrible oh my goodness it's good try
alright finish this yeah
alright well you open well yeah
you wanna get your fit you I got it uh
come on she sleeps in suitcases
sometimes I have a picture of that
everything all right so here's the plan
Katie Emmy Haiti Annie and Haley are
staying with Katie this weekend and
we're gonna send them with a camera
right they're not gonna film um they're
gonna do the best they can but we're
gonna take another camera and we'll film
what we can and Soho see me no not quite
but hopefully we'll get enough from our
camera and their camera to make a video
we're gonna do our best and that's all
anybody can expect is for people to be
doing their best
so yeah I wish daddy would do his best
with packing but I do my best packing it
just cuz I'm so much cooler than you and
I back oh my goodness I got the clothes
explained I think it did more than
explode oh my goodness okay well I'm
gonna leave you to that good luck
way better than my paint job finally
getting it Vic yeah he did that too and
around the fire point goody oh can I
tell everybody what we might be do now
cuz I don't know what it is very better
than upstairs do you guys remember the
video where Haley was at the doctor's
office and it looked like a green screen
so we put her in Paris and New York
yep regular um we're painting the
upstairs middle bedroom that's nobody's
room um but we're painting green screen
so we can have fun out there
oh goody Ben go to space do it no space
we can make Pied Piper an astronaut what
else
Piper where else do you want to go you
can you'll probably never go to Paris
but we can make it look like you're in
Paris with Haley at school day and an e
at gymnastics all day I guess you're
gonna be seeing a lot more of us so
Lucky's can't you do it I yelled at them
oh sorry
hello you two we are huge
mm-hmm
we are going to Kiel house okay not not
today tomorrow and we're having two
sleepovers because my mom and dad good
to go to Shawn Johnson wedding but we
can't know because you can wear to have
kids there good
so and meaning you're going for two
nights and um there's my blankie
just is my blankie don't don't don't see
ya
um and I'm gonna be packing okay guys so
I'm done with gym my hair is a mess and
Haley at gym I'm home with my dad I mean
I didn't feel like going home with Katie
today to do school so I'm gonna pack cuz
I'm gonna pack for Katie's house on
tomorrow tomorrow for the weekend
because my parents are going through
shun Jensen's betting so I have to stay
with Katie and then we're gonna go to LA
and then playlist um and mmm
so I'm gonna be packing but some of the
stuff that is for LA and playlist is
probably in the bags it's already packed
so I might have had that stuff let's see
how I do this nice job you guys messed
her yeah it was a mess in here
and he got it all in the bag hey what'd
you see oh I did you leave on your face
that's what you did
oh my gosh life engine yeah
safely into the pit crying the doll room
I know you did cry it warned your face
oh my it was in the pit she was
attempting of height landed this nailed
it on my face nailed my face but then
she got back up and do it again
Pyke to our feet we're going today Pike
to her face not to her face feet feet
feet majors would you yeah they're going
for feet let's aim it so we're all
hanging out in my room
early in your room one night room my
hairdo I didn't say him
she took it down no just a minute school
I forgot to look earlier it was down
when eyes are when I picked her up my
lord oh no she took it down you my daddy
you can tell me hey I I do like it
in Miami mMmmm by yourself
okay by eighty easy you can't see me uh
uh yeah we can my last about bachelors
dude what what are you teaching her
Russell how do you know this I watch you
see the two wrestling yeah you know
might as well be a it's real good to be
why did I put fake ketchup under their
nose and go yep and like in like black
marker I'd be there I'd be like do they
call my god please don't burp okay
that's gonna burn okay so we're gonna do
a quick dinner um yeah we donated Darth
Vader yeah so it's time to go to bed
nice steps take my makeup off this mod
me I was just playing with makeup I
don't have anything on except for what
to take your mascara and I'm going bed
and traffic RNA and I can turn my eyes
babies on mascara and all right which
person in your family history
oh but do you like to meet and why okay
I don't know what that means like but
you want to meet you great great great
great great great great great great
great great
grandma yeah Vidya Sagan didn't get I
was gonna meet Adam and Eve we're on my
family there or not from there they are
they're from everyone's family my god
it's pretty much all sisters but I would
want to see I'd want to meet you are
eight dad's dad's dad's got my dad dad
mom's dad my grandma my grandma's mom's
mom's sisters the nephews dad son sesame
daddy dog Roy no I'm kidding
he'll never would want to meet someone
like my great great great great great
great great grandma I would want to meet
my great great grill my great great
great great great great oh I want to
meet all my cousins yeah me too
oh my gosh heaven now I want to meet o31
me the moms that are NX Emily kept our
mommy like so many of them like Manoj
mom my mom's mom here remember moms moms
moms moms moms moms moms I'd want to
meet all my cousins I was wanted please
don't forget to comment below please
note I've written in first person and
your family is straight would you like
to meet in moms and dads the reason I
want to see all my cousins is cause like
I haven't met all of them because we
have so many so many we have the Hughes
family and I ve
Beibei thanks for watching Britt Ailey
