Serena decided to get up early and do
Haley's hair did you comb without brush
what
and then what about you little girl have
a rubber band for the end go back to bed
after this
you sure are talking a lot
we didn't you Spanish today because we
do it like every day on on pretty much
it
Fremont oh um arranged um heaps
rearrange them yet reaction my that
raised we used to be like rain over by
the window but now we're like in the
middle cuz now it's like three tables so
we get squished together like would it
get like you know how you put the
desolate better we have three people on
one group
so it's like nope and we have a little
bit more in another group looks like
maybe are you with boys and girls like
is it a boy and a girl or yeah it's two
boys two I mean two boys and one girl
so you're with your so it's Mitchell and
Micah and then London and then me looks
with four people all over Harry oh
that's the master is doing good for you
Haley I thought it was great because it
I forgot have that leg up for Micah
making your your person - Micah you
person - like that was in the Haley
I finally got my stitches out and now I
can do dance better
yes the first time we've done dance look
how much he'll it has gone we're good
yes it look like really good right now I
think it's gonna be a scar no I don't
think it's gonna be scar as like dead
skin around it not bad
yeah bad is that bad Oh like oh and
you'll be like a snake and you'll shed
your skin I worship Miskin yeah what's
the word you know Oh
okay I know of some works Blasius
Benghazi oh um and you don't know what
this means
you might have to do Spanish they lose a
really easy words with Jacques II um
thank you yeah to see that you really do
know um cuz Oh what it's okay so okay so
no no it's not okay so my favorite
Finnish word queso is in case he does
kiss hmm
that means cheesy like weird and then
all the obvious up on these there's one
of them up those are grapes on alert Oh
movies movies in three ways it's movies
thrillers doobies okay great we're gonna
go home and get you changed for dance
and then we're going to take all the
girls from the
whoa huh yes everybody but Sydney Sydney
old me coming oh good I was like if he
hit me yeah he won't me like she
goes for different jobs yeah she knows
she's a temperature and well she can't
yeah I know I know I know I know
girl be a heart she can't do much
because poor Sydney
ankle the struggle is real guys
Haley's busy getting ready for dance
tonight and was taking her braids out
and this is what we have left she came
down and was like em excuse me people
know but my hair is a tangled mess oh my
goodness
a little help please hair help so
where's she from as she told us she she
doesn't talk like that just my horrible
impersonation of failing versus fangs
peanut gallery I don't need your
comments all right stand up my friend
let's accept success no sad mid that did
not make any sense let's assess the
damage yeah um what's for me you want to
blame Annie she's one abraded it gosh
don't do such a thing
Mia I did Annie I said Mia like what is
MIA have to do it oh my goodness it's
really not that bad I don't think thing
someone is here this mail I know it
doesn't get off on my phone all right
it's gonna take me two hands to do this
or it's gonna get worse yeah it's a boy
yeah they're getting directions the
Hannah Syria are goofy Oh what no you're
not untangling it I'm afraid that might
my little doing yeah well Annie was
doing school yesterday
Sid drew these they're really kind of
cute what happened that what was
bleeding he's got a rip oh it was like
bleeding and OH
I didn't French and today they'll do it
really straighter fat legs so Betty you
did very bad overshoot okay
luckily Garcia straight leg over to it
what are you looking for straight leg
overs you really nailed it okay
switching gears to dance so you guys
ready I'm excited
all right we're gonna go learn the rest
of it we've got a little snack to hold
us over waiting for Miss Carrie to get
here what there's some yoga going on
there's some snacking going on no it's
the best yoga I've ever seen Freddie
I'll do push-up ready position I do push
about half of you and Hayley just push
put on what over time on with that ready
do you put your position and do a
push-up when I do the push-up right do a
push-up an engineer push them you do
want to go put a bit yeah
yeah you do a push-up hey I need to
start back up
okay I got this
push-up with like 40 extra pounds on you
oh my gosh there's two Haley's you just
bumped chin the dork oh my it's really
but what was him wow we got a little bit
of a dress rehearsal going on here Oh
beautiful Oh miss Tierney got a little
bit her guys
the door she bees candy so what she
needs kid went ahead like straight hair
Oh
Tierney do you want help me film have
you gonna help me do the camera taking
all day she was such a suit Oh tyranny
just did dance this week yeah she's
still in costume I don't know how they
remember all the
oh yeah
laughing you're backward cuz you never
went to your armpit better that's true
in so many life lessons we never want to
see you guys it's true um I'm not don't
worry you'll see it moves your back arm
ah geez good thank you it's like Chris
Twitter it's like around before I think
Arden and Katie what is this how do
those for your hair yes Oh perfect even
more these are all too small for
visiting they fit you hey yeah wait we
got you babe what do they do they bounce
you love it you're going like synergies
Edison sold it on occasion we were like
that is so painful stepsister sorry okay
right there where you're going in the
gray room to do it
Oh gray room really and sorted we're
going gray guys we're going gray I will
make sure he knows what you're doing
hello home from dance now we start our
evening of getting ready for bed huh
would you just drop and so fall to go
back up and get it
well hello fancy meeting you two here
oh you three what a great welcoming
committee we have and he's got a head
ache at get away from the night
well she knocked her foot on something
at practice today at rehearsal dance um
she's been coughing so yes we need some
she got a rip show everybody your rip
from front Giants was a bad day well I
don't think it a bad day but oh it's a
good one don't with a bruised foot that
we need to put some ice on top of what
you get it on a bar one of like the
stretching and is doing is it she was
goofing off well don't goof all helpers
today I see it okay enough of that so
yeah what that's not cough medicine
homework
it could be the question of the day if
you can go outside and see the moon
what's your homework okay so I have to
look out the window every Monday
Thursday Wednesday
interestin yeah Tuesday Monday Wednesday
and Thursday now if it's cloudy we can't
see it but let's go see let's go take a
look yeah go look we haven't looked yet
oh gotta go look outside and see what
shape the moon is come on okay mr. moon
are you out tonight
I see stars oh so it's not cloudy over
there mr. moon you got bare head oh no
it's a quarter the crescent it's not
showing up on here right on my camera is
showing showing the full moon guys it is
not a full moon it's not it's a sliver
here Eddie I'm gonna draw it all right
that is so bizarre that that's what it
looks like
that is weird guys all right guys our
moon gazing is done for the night come
on I see the moon it's a little white
they like their way no come on Winnie
yeah witty you don't want to get locked
out right poor twini yeah okay so that's
what the moon was bad mood
um listen look at drawing look at your
drawing I'm looking and now read the
next sentence mmm
please pad name that base Oh
okay so here's the phases of the Moon
which one do you think you saw now it
your moon went the other way
your moon in the sky is the other way
you drew it the wrong way
so when you're looking we can we can fix
it so when you're looking at the moon
hang on because I don't want you to
scratch out when you're looking at this
picture which one did which moon do you
say do you see a full moon try it you
saw this see this moon you see all right
guys so I'm going to go ahead and tell
the question today while she's finishing
up her homework it's going to be look
outside tonight or tomorrow and tell us
what kind of moon you see what's your
weather guys is it cloudy and you can't
see the moon tell us and we'll see you
tomorrow thanks for watching Britt Ailey
