what lover good morning everybody
welcome to Friday January 19 2018 we've
got we've got the well I thought she was
excited because it was Friday January
19th we've got a little girl here
avoiding school work we got a little
girl over there getting 9 DS and we are
packing look at that because today we
are headed down to Anaheim and
Disneyland actually we were just there a
couple days ago but now we are going
tonight because tomorrow and the next
day are the is the brutally great
destinations meet round 1 round 2 it's
February the beginning of February and
we'll be at the Gaylord in Washington DC
is the Gaylord actually in DC or is it
in Virginia no Virginia right ok see
here's the thing guys Virginia DC and
Maryland they're all jumbled up down
there and it's kind of confusing over
there and it's kind of confusing on what
is what Anaheim's here in California so
today it isn't Maryland ok Gaylord today
we are doing some school we are cleaning
and we are packing and then we are
taking Annie because she's hid in the
recording studio because she's working
on some new music for your ears cleaning
packing schooling driving she's gonna
recording and he's repeating me I don't
know because it can hear her Urban
Outfitters no we're not gonna have time
for that
well maybe daddy can take you I don't
know
and then um driving to Anaheim
doing a little meet this weekend I can't
it's gonna be so weird it's been a while
we've been to one of SIDS meets but we
only made it to like half gymnastics me
I'm excited we're doing this again you
guys so stay tuned back at it I'm gonna
work on some new stuff alright so we are
gonna get this done and then we're gonna
head to Disneyland
well not Disneyland put the Disney hotel
we're not actually going on the park
today Anaheim and she's gonna knock this
out
yes and he's gonna have to adjust that
he fired up all that equipment over that
it's like ooh this is the craziest stuff
like seriously like look at all this
it's so cool in here I know they're just
probably MD I'm just kidding Annie I
really don't know no Annie Gracie stop
don't are you going oh my gosh I just
noticed it we both those at the same
time as soon as she turned around and
you said I don't like I see it
give me to get it offered maybe it'll be
good luck maybe it'll be good luck you
should leave it on okay do it leave it
on yeah put the rat that's perfect well
no I hear her I hear in my headphone
I was reading in yeah we're not ready to
release any sneak peeks or hints yet
okay can you sing through the song so I
can get level really quick
and I made sure I may need to switch
compressors but we will find out rarity
and
hey guys so right now Annie and mommy
left it's kind of blurry I'm sorry guys
there it goes
Annie and mommy left to go whatever
they're doing I don't know what they're
doing they left us part of the apartment
and going to Anaheim and however long
3045 minutes my gosh this is how many
bags we have to take all of these bags
and they have to take all of their like
carry-ons but again I don't know why
we're taking so many bags she not
so we got bear bear and now we're gonna
set the traffic right now we're moving
there's deadly traffic
once we hit traffic I mean it's gonna
take us a solid two hours to get there
I'm sure
you're gonna sit the heck we're gonna
relax that is pretty
no we're just driving online
you're gonna be up early if there's a
breakfast with all this
how do you feel about monogamy together
we're on our way to the meet it's not
the meet today but it's meet tomorrow so
we're going to the meet hotel yeah steak
yeah and then nope
Annie and mommy left us we didn't work
we actually kind of left them actually
wait did we leave them or didn't they
but but they left us at the house first
so they left us
I'm a fair 15 15 more minutes
hi and great if you were asking you
probably work yeah in another it's
pretty it's pretty close it's like over
there but and it's all Haley's whoa this
is huge
Thanks yeah what oh my gosh
look I remember this where is Annie
where is Annie and mommy yeah where's
that even on me we're not here though
they're not yet this is huge laughter oh
there's a bath there's a bath this is
I'm gonna get lost in here like I
already did over here
oh yeah the front desk gave me the
tickets this is huge huge huge Haley you
got cookies you have to eat a lot thank
you very much okay you have to eat them
all before Annie gets here
hurry hurry hurry and eat them all
before Annie gets here Mike good yeah
yeah three more of them for anything
Annie won't fight you look really dark
in here and really loud in here but we
are at
I don't know what this is called the day
you get takeout I think I think I'm
laying on a bed miss Paula saw the dogs
while we were ones that I did eat she
looked at staying away she was doing the
Paul thing was it we're gonna come see
you guys and like only shortages it's
all the dog here she's so cute
like they can hear me or something
exactly
all right dinner is complete now we're
gonna go see the room I haven't seen the
room where they're competing tomorrow
and I'm kind of excited to see it cause
it's been a year here we go guys nice
cow oh where is it oh it's over here oh
thanks Luke
so Haley's carrying on my back I feel
like I shouldn't talk I feel like no one
else is talking today I've always wanted
to scream in a library it's like on my
bucket list
yeah but that doesn't count I wanted
like a mean like librarian who's like
hey just trip over your home foot well
we're gonna look at it here mommy to
bring your grip smell like a meat throw
on the bar it's coming together it's
even bigger guys this year is even
bigger okay so there's two floors those
are two of everything like to actually
know there's four bars right there's two
totally I want to go jump on the floor
when they're done but the first one well
the other floor is done Annie the other
floor is done the other floor is done
please don't you save some cookies over
there oh wait there's no it's a
chocolate Mickey she got a snap it was
your name on what she's got her own card
does this a room number
nope we're good YUM there are little
tuxedos you guys okay let's take a tour
so we walk in the front door and there's
a bathroom and a was it oh good like
wait I want a tour oh my goodness in
another bathroom another closet bathtub
we always like the bathtubs and this
room over here with two beds and the
lights the fireworks are on that's the
best part this is what you do your
makeup or something yes I totally a
mirror selfies right there there's two
of them that was one wing and our little
kitchen and our living room and here's
the other side yeah I know it's on the
other room too
this is where Paula and Luke are gonna
be we're all moved in another bathroom
which is occupied right now wait we
don't have a balcony this time dang it
last time we had a balcony oh but that
makes up for it that's a great blue look
at this like Disneyland right there
can y'all see it remember last year it
rained all weekend all weekend it hardly
ever rains here it was kind of rainy
today but not horrible all right we're
all moved in and we're excited for the
meet tomorrow and Sunday and I just like
to say in case I didn't say earlier the
meats grown so much two floors two of
everything actually there's four bars
and they're like I was saying but it
more than doubled right did it did it
more than double Paulo although five
times it went five times
she'sshe facetiming said doesn't taste
very good
oh I don't like dark talk all right
we're gonna chat with Sid and we're
gonna get organized
in this bag we have a surprise they
haven't seen it in person yet that's I
don't yep shelves merch the new merch
you guys were working on we haven't seen
it in person well you should know
because you show the back name and the
friend that sweatshirt turn it around
colorful and unicorns and it says
celebrate life and the rainbow those are
cute that one's Haley sighs I feel yeah
yeah so these are Valentines
limit addition really accentuates an
identity and maybe they sent the wrong
sizes well you could open it's weird to
wear your own merch so maybe they did it
on purpose you can wear Haley that Haley
can wear yours yeah okay so um you guys
can get them now link down below get it
for Valentine's Day
my favorite I liked it when times up oh
yeah you could tie that up with a pair
of black jeans and this is gonna be cute
you could do that with any color white
to celebrate life yay
okay no you're not gonna bottle hers
modeling that each other's merch that's
okay you've you've modeled a lot of
Annie's merch so it's only right that
it's her turn okay that is oh you put
your own on I thought you're gonna model
it
um Haley's it's so cute though this hey
and the Haley merch this is mine I
thought you were modeling your sister's
clothes every time I'm like okay Haley's
merch is coming okay this is a 1012 that
says so go bigger if you're like Annie
sighs and Annie's like four no five look
at her five foot or five one and I'm not
gonna tell you how much she weighs
because I don't think girls like that
that is cute Haley Haley is a 10 12 -
right Haley that you're wearing and it
fits her
I like sweatshirts baggy so go up on
your regular size I don't think so I
think they sent us like all the same
size this is so cute yes it's way too
long but I would definitely want to tie
it up but I can't they got like super
cute I love the font meet you that's so
cute it takes two hands that is key you
and he doesn't like you know she does
it's needs to go up one size yeah she
could wear it it's just not her said I
know it she need to get her a larger
size
why are you filming everything I'm
filming Annie's are ready to go to bed
and I didn't get organized yet you're a
big ol weenie
hey I love this one a dream is a wish
your heart makes no I didn't trip oh oh
my god all right my friends it is only
8:20 so we are not doing a question of
the day we usually do a question today
about 9:30 or 10:00 so we're gonna lay
in this bed I mean we might as well do
the questions that appear right now
because the next clip is probably gonna
be the question of the day but just in
case we do something super exciting well
I doubt that
nothing's free my friend well your bed
your bed looks the same as in the room
next to us we could totally spy on
people look at this room right now look
there's people in that room right there
for me it's not like a personal room the
public room
- its you've got time you can lay in bed
and make don't destroy the room why how
many times would you like be like oh I'm
glad that wasn't live be hard to be live
on our blogs like you know
all right we're rambling hold me back no
already finished haters back off because
so she needs a new series the office
stranger things which are our to kana
seem ready know which I've already kind
of seen and the office and I'm grace so
I'm going to so that's gonna be a good
question today you guys have to comment
down below what new series we should
watch it does have to be appropriate for
Haley we can fast-forward some part but
I don't want something that's like we're
constantly having this what should we
know haters
I feel like haters back off a shorter
wasn't it that was an hour long like 40
months forty minutes it would be with
like commercials and stuff but Netflix
doesn't know she was always laughing out
loud we have a long two days ahead of us
full of bun Jurassic I can't wait I
haven't been to a gymnastics meeting so
long I know I've already said this yeah
like you I get to watch gymnastics all
weekend
I'm excited since I don't get to watch
my own children compete anymore I'm
gonna go watch all you children and I'm
kind of excited about it so um what else
what else before we say goodbye for the
night then next week Annie's on tour
she's gonna have four shows in a row
she's never even done yes she's only
she's she's never said okay she says
actually wait thank you that's a perfect
Thank You alia which alia gymnastics Ali
or chicken girl alia what was I saying
oh yeah
Annie's never done two shows in a row
and she's about to do four shows in a
row so stay tuned next week is gonna be
insane this weekend is going to be
insane so tune into all of it we'll see
you tomorrow we're gonna watch some
Netflix and we're gonna go to bed and
we'll see you soon waiting for somebody
to say something typical oh wait she did
hear she does hear us do you hear us
Annie she hears us see you tomorrow
bonus footage I just want to go on the
record that I don't know if Vampire
Diaries is appropriate so I'm looking
into it right now and we will decide but
um so keep commenting some stuff and
okay really good night she's gonna she's
gonna start it while I look it up right
okay a new positivist gets crazy and
you're not gonna watch it yet okay put
in the air pods in I'm going to I pull
IMDB up well it's not on here now but I
have it up and I'm doing my parental I'm
doing my parental obligations and
clicking on parent guide ok bye for real
now
Beibei bye
thanks for watching
Vitaliy
