hey me Annie me hailey me Sean me Andrew
today we were going to be doing bean
boozled
I've never done it before it's the first
time hailey in a half and if you don't
know bean boozled is its jelly beans
that look exactly like just ones bad and
little good but some of them are both
bad because you don't like the good blow
like coconut and bakes it's like
chocolate
no I'm pretty scared there's one that
smells like barf or this it's that
program have a spider and you spin it
this doesn't count you spin it and I
would have got ha ha putting her can
y'all and you would pick from not jelly
bean cut over here you pick it I'm gonna
whisper it out dogs get around it don't
see what it is in the winter I'm gonna
make this competition the winner is
whoever can take the most I guess I'm
not the winner i forfeit
nope i'm get eaten
I'm just excited to try baby one yeah
it'll be good
Rock Paper Scissors shoot kids on your
first second real verse berry blue or
toothpaste yeah it's a good way to start
I was like you can really play out
to spank oh I can smell it 94 the base
and then the garlic demo
I love win-win right it was a second
time
how about the one who lost our match
there you okay
and then we ever do ya really nervous -
how do you know that's the worst one I
got like goose bumps right now it's
gonna be yeah keep watchin tears pair
yeah okay Oh Carly over popcorn moldy
cheese or mortgage did you just move it
no gotta dump it dog resort okay later
no no you're gonna put a lot about you
have a luncheon it with you
Molly - yeah yeah you don't have a good
one you've done again but if somebody I
don't you do just like plug your nose
and eat it oh yeah flip baby gonna
birthday grandma hey I'm still trying to
work off the dog food it's gonna wipe up
the dog food is literally tastes exactly
like smell
that's gross hey Seenu spit up oh yeah
there she got juicy there
scums Brown no hi Jenna can say my
kryptonite is black liquor literally
baby wipes his waiver
it's disgusting she's gonna give me that
red booger or juicy there oh my lord
like anyone know what a booger tastes
like we need your boogers
do it all in wait wait
all in throw it in there yeah or you
tell who a nanny don't like I can
already tell just ate it real quick cute
I'm a booger I'm so scared
good luck but a mom or something you
know it has to be the know spit out team
remember
Haley's the match doesn't it Oh knowing
it won't
oh wow that is Romani don't you take a
drink still is like it don't spray or
not if you get skunk spray hey cousin
loves licorice don't spit it out if I
can make it through it you can do just
two robust oh it tastes like I'm eating
attire with this gun it's they ran over
oh my gosh oh my gosh I'm going it like
that the worst one I don't know to me it
was dogs mean something about I actually
really bad why what is it she's like I
know my bad
I haven't had a pasty on my thumb no no
that's our fun worsens girlfriend yeah
yeah this actually tastes like blood I'm
not a good source in stuff Oh things
this is like not I'm gonna go there
sorry but you know like when you throw
up
lieutenant throat - motorcycle nicely
done we smile let us know how do you
have in your mouth so far me and Haley
are like killing yeah I haven't had a
good one yet mmm so to see the rest of
it you guys will have to go over to shun
and Andres channel which is Shawn
Johnson official hmm don't forget to
thumbs up subscribe home to below and
click
baked potato baked potato baby thanks
for watching
Britt Ailey
