good morning to you and good morning to
you look at us getting up by it before
8:00 yeah that's yeah 11 but still we
went to bed at like 3:00 in the morning
our time I mean I woke up at 9:00 this
is six year okay well I just would love
to say for the record that I nailed
where that Hollywood sign was last night
she said above the car lazybone
I thought there it is in all its glory
is it over there it hasn't ever gotten
old like the first time I saw it was so
excited and I was like I wonder if I
wonder if next time I won't think I'm so
cool but it's still pretty cool you know
my favorite is me way up there he'll go
climb up there I wonder if I can do that
remove you can horse oh of course
let's pick our house guys let's pick
your house reckoner so I want the very
top one up there very top hey it's me
you are I want that one alright guys we
just picked her house that was shopping
in Hollywood whoever old house listen
house shopping in Hollywood is it for
sale marty'll uh-oh
beautiful oh whoa no waiting got my
drawing got me Oh Andy with the dough
yeah get some schoolbag hot I get so
warm out I love it and we're about to go
to lunch because we're going to be
meeting a friend's friend and we're
gonna be surprising their daughter she
watches our videos so let's see if we
can do this or if I start trick cracking
up how are you gonna crack I'll be like
Hello they've got a prank
it's just a surprise I know they're not
good it either okay
back beautiful day out we walk out of
the hotel expecting it to be chilly yes
that's what we're doing the jungle book
premiere yes
BAM no it's gonna be a pretty easy walk
done we just walked it yes pretty guys
want to go about an hour
she doesn't like the characters well
because they try to grab her but one
time in New York they tried to grab her
kick him
don't kick them she wasn't like she
doesn't know it I just said you attacks
I took photos is there anybody did the
screen these are here yeah hey how you
doing say that's why for you good how
are you
hallo hallo sunday she's pretending she
doesn't know the stranger
yeah we don't recognize you in this you
see me in civilian clothing before
change we're actually talking about the
time room you fall asleep during the
debrief oh yeah I was really tired of
you guys hey so tell the people when
they can see it oh you're on the spot
you're waiting for as soon as possible
which is a bowel sometime in DOS New
Jersey say what I don't speak your
language sometime this year
Oh sometime this year okay so you guys
heard it here for Taylor makes history
will be out sometime this year it's
moving along though it is definitely
moving along yeah it's gonna be done
you're gonna gain like
okay but then we have a premiere I just
you know roll it all out get it okay so
it's almost done guys
you heard it here everybody's been
asking hey are you doing Thank You Josie
Josie that's not awkward at all playing
a little game of telephone
you know just I didn't use janji is
weird and he changed it to Haley is the
weirdest person John Gees hat with
dessert nailed and Annie's extreme evil
extremely that's how I am I'm like I'm
always on a diet until my next meal yeah
I legit say I'm gonna I'm gonna go on a
diet and I'm like then I get hungry and
I'm like okay never mind diets diets
done want to go to American girls oh I
know Haley want to do so he is excited
over never been Paige isn't out of the
airport yet so we've got a few minutes
Joe hats your hat m'lady oh we haven't
been in one of these places in a while
Haley's excited Oh are they had a doctor
oh it says it's the hospital
good American Girl doll hospital yeah
there's there's
Oh what is that oh that's the girl of
the year
oh you want to go in
that's the girl of the year yeah you
guys look like you could be best friends
Lia
Lia you look great and Gellin hat who's
got the better dance moves the battle
and this is Addie and Maddie's Ben is
right here and I guess we'll come out
here now because people are actually
shopping you guys got a stop straight
crazy I know actually shoppers in this
store
my bad we're liking Leah visit Leah but
we're really like Leah that's kit or
getting a tour there's Julie so that
would look good probably bring out your
eyes a little bit
all right we're talking about who's more
excited to see Paige infinity daddy
you're more excited hi you're not
thinking that was mean well thank you
thing he wasn't invited
she just messaged me she's almost here
oh she's not even here yet hey hol they
can if they knock
it's literally been like two weeks since
we've seen her when she's asleep she had
a long week in Nicaragua that where she
was you yeah she could be Kelly start
getting ready for the premiere tonight
they're gonna hide
I didn't hear us hi welcome back to this
day you have a good trip
well I just have to shower I was really
good okay Charlie bro hope well the
girls decided they didn't want to see
you oh oh I'm so happy to be here
present course he's always first a
little baby oh we want to take all those
babies home all right
thank you loving you it's a
Knickerbocker sure oh my gosh
I hope they fit oh yeah well it fit me
oh that's can't yes those are neat
someone tightness yes it's an looses
lose this auntie the cute too big ah
there's more there was more I missed it
what are they what are they oh cool that
was you guys were doing at her house
last time yeah that is cool oh thank you
oh my gosh the gifts keep coming
they're like rubber band bracelets cool
actually like Charlie like you said do
you like my it's about time just kidding
oh he didn't think you could do it 50
cents
Annie you should have like upped your
game like oh no way you have I didn't
say something Kim I got it on replay hey
daddy we have the same dad watch hours
have been just like that that was a good
one yeah come this way don't go through
the window ready
five these lol I bet you can ten of them
Oh still bet you can hmm do the bounces
that coach Mary taught you teen a great
idea just to five how no house I don't
think you can do values how about we see
how many you can do before in thirty
seconds I think you can do um 10 and 30
seconds can you yeah hang on one sec and
if I get more than a th maybe fifty
cents Oh
58 no I'm not ready yeah all right on
your mark
I could put a timer on 30 well you can't
just second all right I'll just do a
stopwatch on your mark get set go one
two three four and nine ten seconds five
six seven halfway eight nine ten I know
he's gonna do ten you did 11 so I
stopped it at 10 he still did it
oh you had to do it'll eat more than one
okay I'll take 50 cent wow we just made
a dollar in the last three minutes but
it's okay just doing her eyebrows it's
not getting close I won't
you're a beautiful page but I'll respect
it so um she plucked her eyebrows I'm
about to go get mine Wow that's a
question of the night cluttered
oh yes man is like 1% of the paper
watching it
we're gonna add their good only one cuz
they're young and he was too young to
get her eyebrows lag yeah daddy yeah she
does well boom but I didn't want to make
you like I didn't care one way or
another you don't agree with that I have
to say that everybody's watching was
that it they were going to the pool
we're gonna get some markers or crayons
or whatever we need to do for Bible
journaling we're gonna get my eyebrows
ripped off it's gonna be a good day yeah
silhouette fighting Battle of the
silhouette whoa don't push her off dude
it's sad that cute so this is why I
originally turned the camera on because
Annie was like all oh oh face to the
window trying to flatter me uh-huh you
gotta do your stance yeah maybe I conv
lawyer
my gosh hailey when you fell off of
theirs laughs you don't get her amazing
this is why I can't have nice things
yeah she looks like how you fell she
really is pretty boiled again called
anything you can do I do
because she's gonna do it better Oh Oh
you what to do when you get out she did
a half what whoa
within your mouth you're just qualified
goes aren't the traffic's gonna keep oh
hey yo that dot have a chat with your
teacher quit going upside-down okay got
to do a half Billie without hurting
yourself or knocking your head into the
ceiling
me she did a half so he's got to do
better
no you know anything I can do anything
you can do I can do better if you have
to do better than a half-full or make it
prettier I don't know whichever one you
can do everything at is prettier oh my
gosh look at the quarters all right
Annie
do you have anything in your mouth like
candy okay good ah nice yeah okay no not
now you another scale hand reverse oh
she did a full almost nice Haley in pain
because it's creepy it's creepy the wax
museums a little bit creepy remember
you've done it it just it feels like
they're real are you hiding it's gonna
feel like they're gonna jump out from
behind a man no they don't move Abbey
but it feels like they can like they're
gonna come to life because they look so
real
is this weird
we're all in this little bit actually
the beds are pretty big so I'm going
this is what we're doing tonight and you
guys can come join us on the premiere of
The Jungle Book
tomorrow we'll pick paint your siding
over bed fighting over pain all request
another day means you like tigers or
bears oh my
more well tigers depends am I in a fight
with one my pet tiger or my petting one
like come on get those both of the songs
are cutting and fighting fighting you
bears are Tigers cutter I'm a tiger
tiger Tigers are awake I say bear
cuz they're so cute they're even a COBOL
a bear there's not a polar bear to say
there's nothing called a tiger hug yeah
bear hug let me know baby one I think of
a panda bear
okay then a polar baby wait wait we're
being like different kinds of videos
okay there are different kinds of time
loving dog is our white tigers punish
the white the white tigers are pretty
but alright guys so that's a wrap on the
day for the 13th time bye toodles is
what I'm supposed to say hey hey oh oh
if she stopped he's stolen lost or won
Oh get you my pretty and hurt you what a
camera go blurry
potato baked potato baby
thanks for watching
Britt Ailey
