hey guys we just dropped off Katie and
Arden too sad but now we're going to
Amanda's house and we are going to ride
horses yeah I try to say I wouldn't like
it
so today is a really busy day its first
we're going horseback riding then hey
Leon gymnastics then we have to catch a
plane to LA to LA I always want to go
l.a like today it really slowly but la
and for the premiere of jungle
Abdo jungle gotta get that done I was
really tired and now something like prop
it up I have to
Ted needs please today and it's only 951
we go to Amanda's house cuz I haven't
gone tomatoes house look like last Oh
iris bird on her birthday and she was
turning 12
oh my gosh and you can't afford to baby
Amanda and you know now I get to see all
the courses and all of her farm stuff
and you actually get to ride the horses
all the time
actually last time I didn't get to see
any of the animals really I've always
seen them in pictures and we're running
a little late so sorry Amanda
oh don't worry your house is too morbid
no wine and a half we're gonna have a
30-minute video I know in 30 minute
videos are annoying are amazing they're
amazing
cuz I get a little the camera all night
and then I get to see trees
and look at myself of all time
Hey look at Alma's mark it was major
Seiko yeah like okay what was really
good at me I know something yeah you did
it
ah I know everything blurting it like
almost appear to roll down his cheek
like it would my eyes no no so this is
that all going in there ya know if you
could have one pet in the world that
doesn't exist like live stream koala one
fat that you that um that didn't exist
what would it be mine would be a dragon
no eunuch no dragon don't you between
but a unicorn logging your horse or it's
pretending and being force which is
pretty much marking it but it's the same
thing as a question d'accord
can you good unicorn with you me with a
horn a corn oh oh yeah what have they
call him unicorns
yeah mind blown
why the unicorn I think you guys know I
don't have the target symbol is a true
though
you're the only one in the whole world
who did not and that your hair grows
from upstairs oh my gosh girls go from
down here any relative you film anything
else cuz you've done a one-take right
here no it happened so we'll ask
everyone what are your cars Ford f-150
either white red or black truck easy
it's not too good with five seats just
say them put that out there
Haley don't fit we're doing it didn't
matter this could be a lot of footage
because then we've got and we like the
whole plane ride everything to LA in the
hotel tour stay tuned for the hotel tour
guys even though it might be midnight
even though it's gonna be an auntie
gonna be cranky
I won't be crazy she'll be asleep on the
plane and Annie after a plane ride hotel
the conversation what's your r2 in any
pain this and a little bit smaller have
a car oh I thought you meant like it
with her hand she's talking about this
car
oh the carbon Oliver yeah okay mommy no
with five times
nervous just say at the camera I don't
know what my dream car is it used to be
when I was younger with species club
just go they were amazing what's that
the little tiny car you wanted that Oh
tiny wait now we talk oh wait it's been
having hi girls
yeah would you get your stitches out is
she did yeah we I know it doesn't I
think it looked better with the stitches
in oh that's the truck rocks and horses
and he's in heaven
the puppies okay so Lila's okay she's
happy it's not like she's like miserable
I see your hybrid oh that one I guess I
did not see that thing that faith is
beautiful these are the nibble your
curls oh that was aha
the Ike is Amanda's horse pony not that
I know the difference with a pony and a
horse
okay yeah mine my nut Ike has hurt her
hi Amanda like you are so precious
hi you're their horses everywhere you
guys I eat everywhere power to fight
yeah so you said it this time a year
that they shed yeah because he was early
I am too protective leave your heart and
put down was within the damage right you
can feel good I yeah so we get pretty
hard
oh Jenny Blake shed because he wasn't
feel it this year because he wasn't
working so much oh my goodness
Heather IQ love it good get those
muscles to work any of those gymnastics
muscles beautiful horses that's mom get
down there oh yeah yes a little golden
seat no Carrizozo them seen this form Oh
crackers on your braid I don't know
who's gonna write Ike Ike maybe I you
babe up Annie
oh hello beautiful
oh sorry I know but tomorrow your Marley
panting is that can I just hug you
I've groomed you and now you feel you
need a hug
like you're a great size I know yeah I
can beat you so maybe you want a pony
you think so maybe a pony
you can name whatever you want to do one
with a helmet I know door you will after
lucky
how you doing lucky that good a night
out
hey you know you and now the only thing
Guinness is in the gym you're always on
your toes when you ride you have to push
down the hamstring and the girl can
below you you should be given that's
like 1 min 30 narrowed ha ha ha ha those
heels down I want to put my toes this
way don't point your toe so flex or do
like that yeah gorgeous are they fair to
even nice feet nice horseback-riding
feet she's waiting for the horse I love
the dance moves really good should be
everything hey puppies got legit farm
animals here
oh hi I'm glad that I wore pants but I'm
not gonna wear all day be careful up
there dude I know so we'll find a little
wobbly look at Amanda and lucky oh and
your safety
oh no back to the heli nuts got her a
little stage yeah
he's getting a real lesson miss Maria
who's Amanda's mom gave Annie a riding
lesson coupon for her birthday and she's
cashing it in today may the greeter oh
my gosh hello Amanda have a great day
but you see the next time she comes
around yeah I just found something new
look at your partner in crime next to
you Haley look at Haley look at your
partner oh you need the third and he
looks so excited up there why was our
partner a man is about to jump good job
lucky and Amanda
now moving you back now when we're with
that you have the bug the horse bug when
is it on 4 million subscribers I don't
know sorry we're gonna buy or it's gonna
get unlucky Haley's gonna get on Ike and
we're going to walk back like this and
then I put my pinky on do you show me
your teeth yeah all right
is it fun yeah if you keep taking it out
just push down yeah
use your legs it's a very weird you just
have to bend like when you ride yes use
all your joints like chocolate over to
good then and yeah that's soft
yeah I'm not taking and like a gymnast
if you saw and we're totally different
than gymnastics it's exactly the office
try to use your horse back riding brain
not your gymnast brain switch push your
buttons I get into horseback riding
brain
you look good on Ike
yes fun yeah I your professional down
the aisle down the aisle and he's
decided that this is how she's gonna
walk your father has to give you away
Annie not a horse oh he can walk next to
you it was so much fun I rode Ike and I
wrote a little bit of lucky but it was
really just to go back and plus I didn't
even have my feet in the rain
stirrups brains and strips so we aren't
the rains like to get a hold on stirrups
like syrup you'll get all your force
lingo before you do yeah and then we're
going to go back to next Saturday
um no one's got to talk to her we are
cared
it was really really really really
really really really fun I did this
thing called my father called the
up-and-down thing
No when she said no one else has ever
done blink and their first lesson
oh wow really I don't know enter no it
was the thing I would up and down up and
down beautiful
somebody all know don't worry
Oh
ah I'm real calm and we'll figure it out
in two days takes me about check pattern
bone
we'll figure it out okay so we'll figure
that out and if we find it nine out the
gym will turn on the camera until you
guys and now we're going it to lunch
lunch we're going to lunch don't know
where we're going yet do you know where
we're going yet okay we're just kind of
driving we're driving towards the job
yeah and then Haley has practiced today
so we're gonna take her to practice and
then me and mom you have to go home I
packed school stuff put a plain black
actually kinda excited because I get to
use the big iPad no not my computer and
I'm playing with my bubble wrap um
yeah her are talking of today I just
heard a horse that's true but you were
talking about before was it because you
were going to ride away
okay so there were so many horses there
and there's this ginormous horse named
Bella so roll clip to that did you film
about them yeah well equipped an ad
that's Bella Bella Luna
whoa you are so big go stand next to
Bella she's super sweet he's it's a
Gentile time hey Bella Bella you're
beautiful
Bella Palooza look at all the brains you
guys have shale you're from Texas go
ahead
oh you're back hello um and I really
liked how much space there was and all
like I liked brushing her hair
a lot I think I might have liked lucky
better but I didn't really get to like
ride ride ride him
him I didn't get to actually like ride
ride him I just got to like walk around
but I did a ride ride bike and I liked
him the good thing about the Smokies is
if you like holding it and bed like this
and it drops its bubble-wrap it would
still hurt wandering as much because I
did it yesterday I'm kind of nervous to
see the premiere because it's out of my
way you're a big scary guy I look like
scared you here I bet it's gonna be
really good
I know why I'm just nervous and then we
have like all this downtime but that's
not really gonna be downtown because
we're gonna go places and do things
differently people we gonna matter I'm
really excited to go to playlist I wish
it was this weekend coming up I can't
come out fighting all right get your
airport running shoes ready yes ten
minutes
no I said this time we have our two
minute layover late early no here we lay
over and Ian said that she's gonna film
like pretend meds every time we turn the
camera on and I told her no I'm not
gonna get it a camera is only three
remember Hey buckle up my eyes and s3a
me brah hey Leah little Pete No so we're
on our way to the airport we're gonna
make this movie moves on the park
ya know and while you're doing school
it'll be great so here we go
we'll see you on the plane or at the
airport or I don't know when or tomorrow
or tomorrow bye II just kidding
finally on the plane our flight was
delayed almost an hour over here the
girls are getting settled in Annie's
gonna do some school Haley's gonna hold
a bunny
you're gonna be on your Ivan
she brought her horse he bought some
bunnies bear bear I didn't forget I
thought bear bear was gonna be too big
hey we are all settled in we were ready
for this flight yeah I think Haley's
gonna sleep
I thought Annie was gonna sleep
maybe not an hour before yeah maybe like
2015 yeah okay we'll try to do that the
same
it's midnight 11:30
I think it's 11:30 but it's we're like
jet-lagged because it's like 2:00 in the
morning for us and this is a really long
hallway
okay so I'll do a quick room tour and
then we're gonna go to bed last room
fire exit oh oh they gave us a fire room
she says all right no peeking your
Hollywood suite - king beds one for me
that's all and the other in case I don't
like the one and I gonna pull out - I
don't know where you guys are sleeping
Paige is gonna be here tomorrow so one
of these beds is hers so don't get your
dirty feet all over it out the window
I'm sure page would love to share a bed
with you girls
oh yeah I remember not Church yeah it's
dark so we probably can't see it it's up
there isn't it I think it's up there
somewhere over there
I got you it's that where the cross
doesn't like yeah above that I could be
completely wrong
oh yeah right at the bathroom she did
Wow all right I'm such a great booking
agent
nice choice daddy next counter
alright it's bedtime guys we will see
you in the morning
adios good night sayonara or voir yeah I
don't know maybe like this up yeah
this room has a TV take a turn say
goodnight babe thanks for watching Britt
Ailey
