see they're really not they didn't come
with us this morning
dangle cars guys we tried to go move our
cars this morning to play an April
Fool's joke on Mary but as soon as we
went out she pulled in so our cars are
totally out there's no one believed us
they're not here they're not here go
look at my car they're not there okay so
three girls have now searched and they
can't find them because they're not here
and they don't believe us now Mary's
gonna start looking now they're starting
to believe us that they're not here
injecting the trampoline twice so Mary
when they find them in the trampoline
flash pit when they find out that's
where they are
Mary could be like I thought you said
you typed up
did anybody yell April Fool's was that
hot in there we were starting to get
worried about you okay good I'm glad you
had breathing holes so we come over and
tone to be quiet
like the risk for each other bro my
disguise oh we were trying to go move
our cars and coach Mary pulls up for us
and we wouldn't even know Traci
so we ran back in it would have been so
much better if our cars right here yeah
but that was legit or that your April
Fool but then everyone was like everyone
would have thought you were for real and
then the right just told him an hour
earlier than just recently like the
start today
all right ladies happy April Fool's
everybody so wait who's the April Fool
you guys are clues The Fool anarta don't
forget our didn't she was the one that
jumped in the pit and
okay so Fred Waring this fancy Leone no
fancy when you were that no and we're
going to the chiropractor
and then I'm going to go back to
gymnastics and workout for two more
hours
yeah
so today I do three myths like I'm gonna
probably floor in the acronym I did beam
bars and bolt and we were working on
aerials and hand hand the smelts beam
Craig Giants and
lines are bars and then I did a real
vault unreal tape on the real table to a
mat and I didn't walk with a pipe so
right now I'm going to write my sketches
oh you guys excited to get them out yeah
gonna mess up hey are you gonna play
with knives anymore yeah I don't know oh
yeah yeah
are you having fun yeah do it do you
want one of these tables at your house
yeah that's pretty cool right it's all
about 900 now you had two magnets going
now you'll show it hmm now you show it
what's up let me show you how this is
done
imagine that all right I see you to mess
my stuff out No
look at there it turns only someone had
told you that you tried to grab it with
your hand you tried to grab it with your
hand about working with your hand yes
you need magnet hands so how much did
you weigh he's 47 so hot for me
oh man looks like there's a green screen
behind you that's cool
look at me let's put you on a bed in
Paris yeah to put you on a bed in Paris
so point point back and say this is
Paris perfect huh let's put you on a
screen in Paris anywhere I want to go uh
York City New York City next okay can
you show you what else
China China it's anything else you
wanted a gonna go and you're going on a
whole world tour there's nowhere else
you want to go on a roller coaster oh
man that would be scary anything else
hmm nope how your world tour is over now
you're back at the doctor no let's see
the stitches one more time before she
might get them out I don't know for sure
she's getting him out yeah I may tell
her she needs to leave him in for five
more months
he's to look very nice
so I'm going to document this and then
every time you go to pick up a knife I'm
going to say remember this
smiling with our laughter days how's it
feel
No
little tug yeah
William Halley's wearing a dress because
tomorrow we're leaving to go to LA
because we're gonna attend the what's a
movie called Jungle Book almost forgot
for a second I'm super excited to see it
Jungle Book premier and he's kind of
scared
Annie's a little nervous cuz she thinks
it's gonna be scary but we are trying on
outfits to possibly wear and we're gonna
go show everybody we have some company
here Megan and Michaela our cousins are
here and we're gonna go see how they
like this first dress this is the one
that Hayley really likes okay alright so
this is the dress that she picked out I
have two others that I want her to show
you guys - okay
this is outfit - okay the good thing is
is even if we don't wear one of these
this will be good for like playlist - so
okay because we can't take it back now
she just ripped the tag off okay let's
see what they think of this one
outfit too too sweet you can't choose
you like 1 & 2 so this is all the
packing and sorting I'm doing not all of
us what we're taking this is clean
laundry that we're not taking outfit so
we are taking Annie hasn't tried this is
her pile that she's gonna try on for
playlist and decide playlist or I really
like this you don't let's try it on and
show everybody though
just humor me oh thank you so when Annie
gets home she'll be trying these on so
we can pick what's playlist and what's
the premiere and then throw it all in
suitcases cuz we get on a plane tomorrow
oh oh oh yeah sorry daddy probably
already filmed it right your stitches I
got to come see it
it looks kind of icky to me I like the
stitches and better focus on that's
adorable Haley now how in the world are
you gonna choose I know which one do you
like the best
oh that's true maybe like is there an
intermission we'll just go in the
bathroom and change clothes that is
really smart you get to wear both can I
vote yes daddy get to vote too daddy
says to you know why why cuz you know
one of your cartwheels hansoms mm
Megan's going to prom
our little girls grown up yeah it's
gonna be Haley before we know it and
they'll really be green a prettiest
dress ever
only wearing one earring the other one
keeps falling off hailey you're posing
with Megan Megan does like pups hey
Billy Billy I think you're I think
you're underdressed you're a little
underdressed I think yeah turn it alone
fold it see how it's like pressing
yourself right now we're making cookies
oh and we just literally started put
some puddin very are teaching them how
to bake that's the ATM I want a frog
lover got at you hard hard um Katie bit
over leather relation hi some cheesecake
lover hey honey
no horse over and me the bunny lover hmm
now we're stirring rings in our union
this is our current process wait a
minute done okay so this is what it
looks like we're trying to make a purple
we're trying to mix the blue and red
food dye weird it's like tie-dye I'm
just cool just can we touch it with your
hands down pre-baked to cut out cookies
no you cannot eat food coloring but
thanks for playing my game can I eat
this watch your feet you guys it looks
really sharp knife I just would like you
to notice the worst I did and I'm very
proud of I'm like very proud of it it's
over here right yes here it is
source today we're going for purple and
they are horribly tempted but they're
kind of rolled you gray but what can you
sit the test
the timer for nine minutes that's all
right so now it's Danny's turn so we can
decide on her premiere dress and huh huh
friends are going to vote doesn't mean
that's going to be the winner but we'll
let them have some input dress one
ladies oh my goodness they're about to
go outside they are running wild with me
oh this part looks fun hey Emma see your
she want return your front arm get
closer that's all you get apparently all
right come on out outfit - yeah so
pretty oh wait you're gonna do that Oh
Nancy oh my my ears are already packed
so this is number two I think I like
number two better than number one
everybody agree yeah okay let's move on
I think there's two more all right I
think we're ready for alpha 3 in that
one at phone case
I this is like pony you threw him for a
loop Annie we were like all fancy
dresses and now we've gone to like a
fancy romper sassy romper here bigger
bear I like this but I think I still
like number two boat you like this one
okay so Katie's number three for number
two number four oh the cookies are ready
oh wait I didn't see it I don't like it
Annie does not like this one okay yeah
thank you so so far number two and three
well no one's gonna like it if you're
walking like that I think I like the
skirt I'm not sure
did you just bump into something well no
I was up like next to this do you want
me to mob is getting ready to go and
like I would for just a little bit it
showed my toe under ease between the
things Bobby's ain't ready think about
yeah they're I think they're ready
having already either 5-click backing
okay smarty-pants okay I have another
surprise for you guys that I need your
help modeling yes um yeah you too all of
you
I will unveil it when everybody get in
here
evil Annie's here under this blanket and
no peeking
Annie I'm aware wait till they get into
it I didn't like it pay no attention to
the Auto laundry on the bed wait it's
something new is hot wait okay are we
ready to unveil anybody
you guys can model it's not April Fool's
surgeon there to model some of our extra
larges perfect that's mine but I think
it's gonna fit you better
that's right I think the right like the
mediums for you girls
I got a next lie and then Haley can
pick her side I have art and a medium
all right let me see the models of the
shirt we've got I think so oh it's first
look at the cookies I have a que I start
me it's gonna pig and that one into oh
I'm gonna make this mess I see a heart
design you gotta hurry star and a holy
sucker song yes No then you ate your
bunny okay yeah our d800 yours is in
line next but I think you have to take
this off okay so we have a I'm a baked
potato and a baked potato letters right
and these come in different colors to
mardans is white and yours is like a tan
like a beige and then we have the
bratayley logos yes and these are on
sale right now represent in the maker
shop I'll put a link down and the first
100 people get a free button pack I'm
jelly with buttons that's a bird Haley
did you buy it
like I will they're available now go
order one okay we'll have the links
they're gonna continue to decorate these
well bit yeah yeah if you could change
your eye color what color would it be
blue blue blue my big boys you boys your
changers to my mind right now
did you don't know your eye color and no
we can't see my eyes even sometimes
they're green and sometimes it round her
brother Brown taste Carl oh I do they're
older brown no into some other green
they like they are I am brown the kids
from and now there's awesome now there's
like all the baby pictures of my well my
eyes are green so what would you want
your I could okay so don't forget to
comment down below cuz we want to know
is yeah no no okay
so how's our - thing my through tomorrow
oh wait question today is Oreo exchange
I call it what would it be by tomorrow
thanks for watching
Britt Ailey
