well good morning Haley in good morning
everybody else
it is Thursday morning
meaning Haley's fourth day of school and
I am super proud Haley because she's not
much of a morning person
but she's gotten up every day this week
gotten herself dressed gotten herself a
snack and gone to school and we've had
some long days yesterday was a super
long day so she's almost ready she's had
breakfast for the day's gonna get
started it's gonna be a wonderful day
right hey yeah if she could just get
this shoe on it would be a wonderful day
do you need some help no okay last thing
is hair and she is off for another day
of learning it's got to be exact
apparently yes nailed it let's get your
hair done sleepyhead
oh oh oh you can't go back to sleep one
good stretch oh it's 7:27 oh three
minutes to do the hair you're flicking
your germs everywhere
look Isabella came through we don't want
a spread got a few of our coral girls
are sick they got sick last night so we
are you're washing your disinfecting the
whole gym and all the kids this one is
the new one because Haley dropped the
one but the one that we sent off to get
repaired when she dropped they couldn't
fix it so they gave us a brand new one
and it's in the box at home yes thank
you Best Buy
we're gonna get it gimmick inning on the
road again and again again and again
this time battery tastic that's right I
want to put this on to the hand again so
mr. message so I'm gonna round after the
message that was a lot of words got a
plan
this school is sure making you smart
it's getting you probably knew to do
that before but all right and then when
we get home from gymnastics we have a
few announcements tell me they do little
mommy Jess well her mom just written to
get the pizza and we're just like stop
here we'll wait waiting for her to get
the beer and we're gonna eat at home cuz
we really don't even home because we're
always not home so excited and I have
this really cool necklace on that Amanda
gave me she's ready just like the first
time that we get it just turn three the
second time I click it it blinks the
third time the color Blake's blue
but good we're gonna go home and go to
sleep I said you could get warm my
here's put my moon that is okay I'm so
nervous
could miss April Fool's Day and that's
not really a pizza in there shaggy so
we're gonna pop out and scare me fools
there is a pizza in there really scary
oh yeah I'm never shoved everything you
some tomorrow we want to do an April
Fool's yeah we're gonna do okay we
should be direct first of all I've got a
great plan you buckle up and I pull out
of the parking spot we tell daddy that
it tomorrow that Haley one of her sale
is to just get out be like your will try
my Toa Jim all right
if it works well you'll see it but I
can't promise that we can film it cuz
you know when the cameras although we
film everything people would just think
we're filming something we might be able
to get away with an April Fool's joke on
camera all right
Haley can we put these back here they're
burning her okay starting to fall Oh
precious precious pizza all right now
buckle up and let's get this show on the
road
friends as you guys know we are going to
playlist Orlando and we finally have our
meetup details we will be going Sunday
the 24th meet up in 55 if you guys want
me to sign up between now and Wednesday
can't wait to see you guys there
now let's do a question today
okay oh I got a good question of the day
what's your favorite subject in school
math and history can't be honest Orissa
art and that one yeah let's just talk
about this in questions of the day every
time I'm watching you the question today
you think you get to answer like five
things
Oh what's your favorite animal well
horse a pig and well and cow and okay I
don't like cows they're good
you do like cows you eat them all the
time yeah good game like Mohammed under
hey first object miss tire girl who
needs to go to bed it's science I
already know it's roads man no it's
science what'd you say what are you I'm
the winner
yeah you never gets to embarrass
yourself on camera I'm not a Paris hey
art okay um math in history and no one
well I can't dis song have to decide
Haley decided yeah don't forget to
comment down below and he likes um math
the most because we want to know the
question of the day is your family
baked potato baked potato baby thanks
for watching
Britt Ailey
