sleep in the mat hi little wind I love
what you slept with Danny last night
little one
Piper's learning again learning about
science Piper that's what what yeah this
is really cold death how far away it is
who's cold you're right your reign is
this very cold because it is eight
million miles away from the Sun not even
close
I have no clue now way down a million
half a million a hundred thousand miles
how many a thousand miles guess this
some galaxies not as big as I thought oh
yeah what is it
million so eight million wasn't too much
really that's a huge number where do you
see that wow wow
one numbers to the curious about three
negative 350 degrees there whoa we
couldn't live there anxiety yes she
loves to look read about science how far
when his tongue is out I mean seriously
to Italy can we
- so here's why life is different with
Haley in school because she'd be here
right now doing school with us and I
miss her school yes makes me sad she's
having fun yeah Haley was having a lot
of fun so that makes it a little bit
better
no she's resting her head on her your
headphones so Annie is doing school real
quickly daddy is editing the video and I
am cleaning up the house because we are
going to go to Six Flags the three of us
hi hello we're here you made it
again we gotta find something now that
our little girls and I know now that I
don't have to walk around with Hailey
and not write anything
she won't ride anything she'll ride the
little things sometimes that's what she
said oh yeah you like hailey do you
remember you remember when she didn't
want to ride the tram at Disney we
should get Reena
we will get Rita's okay so it is a
little chilly out here and we're not
gonna lie excuse me don't contradict my
words we're headed straight for
Superman's Nana boo boo you so we did
have where are you going you're so
strong did it I pulled it apart you
didn't see me okay uh-huh
boy boy I'm tryna love I want bungee
real one daddy said that when we bring
barmy then you can fill in while we do
it
he's already on it so yours have a
conversation about how I'm getting
hungry already we just got here and I
don't like amusement park food
Thank You sugar ranch fries oh that
sounds delicious
come on maybe I'm wrong oh but not pizza
I'm not eating that nobody I know
there's no one here
hardly you guys they tried to fit a
roller coaster it's like a tangled mess
right in like a 20-foot area they tried
to fit a roller coaster sad is amazing
jinx that's not we're riding right now
we're writing Superman and then we'll
come to jinx trying to save a little
steeping because this right here is in
this little tiny area and Superman runs
all over the park that is a tangled web
of metal and we get on these things and
we call it fun it is baton or that day
at the park when I was on Superman I had
my hands up and I hit the tree I don't
know my hands were red no that's why
they tell you to keep your hands but not
in here they do say that a lot it does
um
there's a sign what what is that sign of
their say about heat it's talking about
how hot things are and it says the
weakest one is uh what was it like
handle grabber
so apparently here they encourage you to
put your hands on just a penny I'm last
time I wrote read this I put kept my
hands up at the time in it that is what
I'm gonna really and I'm did they're
proof of this I'm gonna try no video
proof that your hands were up the whole
time a little yeah they are stripped of
all my musically oh the second time you
got on it so is the one where you try
and do the camera but I kept wiggling
and I kept turning off yeah yeah well
apparently doesn't take a wiggling girl
there's nobody here it's like we rented
the park out that's how we ran in this
part out today
that's so loud
okay there are people here we're just
kidding but very few oh just kidding
we're not on yet
we're not taking off it should say hope
you make it well oh that's not nice I'm
gonna be laying on our backs like them
soon we've already ridden is it ridden
your road we've already ridden regarding
road so we've been on Superman twice
yeah and now we're on that way so fun
yeah fairy baby I think we rode
everything that was open there's a few
things that made us very sad cuz they
weren't open they're very weak really
one thing made me such as riders we've
got there close it right as we went away
I don't know wasn't reopened registers
what the Buddha taught yes oh did open
oh man by the tummy well the other songs
apart so now we have to leave because
I've got get E&E to the gym and pick
hailey up from school it sounds weird
saying yeah so I just got done with
gymnastics and I'm really sweaty and
yeah mine I'm just bringing my hub at
this lot about my name dog gymnastic
it's a list water bottle
lottery fees
they're heading to gymnastics
and then after gonna go
- dance for playlist song they
you guys haven't earned we went to dance
at playlist
tickety tickety
I'm going to waste on my waters right
where you don't low girl vitamins you
know what I did today
made an appointment for you to get your
stitches out oh good yeah you ready for
me come out I'll see him I'll see those
bad boys they look good still there's no
redness or anything why is it like that
like what tell me it kind of like has
oh that's chalk yes yeah cuz you're
getting chalk on your hands like you're
not supposed to so how's school going
yeah you make a difference I'm funny
thing is good and keeps up am I invited
mmm I like that place then I don't like
when I'm invited now am I invited that's
it I better be about it okay so right
now we are going to
and they're eating frozen I mean mine
yet sighs posting a music play we are
going to guys you know pseudo art into
the car top and right now we're going to
dance we're gonna practice and learn a
little bit more of the playlist dance
end right now in our car we have be
Arden wait wait
Arden D Mia and this is going wait we'll
meet us in hey Lou and Sid and hey Lea
but they're not our weight I was like
really weird right it was like was like
that your girl Wow okay so what we
should do guys is separate um listen
let's what I did was there's only five
or six of you to what I ordered like I
think seven or eight tops and then seven
or eight bottoms so we can switch and
trade and then like whatever we want to
Matt open so let's do this let's rip
everything speaking their language I
assume - Sheryl that's my mom I'm a
Cheryl looks like a little bit like
Christmas okay so I'll shoot you put on
so art and lay all of the tops across
the front all the tops of the front on
the top at the top so lay it up at the
front okay and then all the bottoms back
here look at those bottom
Hayley Wow
oh alright I think that's a sneak peak
that's all I'm gonna show okay so the
full crew is here today we've got
everybody here ready but that stage
ready what yeah what yeah so the
sequence that's not a sequence on the
secret high this place is full you
should not be surprised and I do not be
surprised okay move along watch Katie
there and that was pretty close yeah
tuck it under this set right on one foot
oh right now check another one foot one
foot all right you can keep practicing
but pay attention good try after doing
the routine 50 million times I counted
I'm actually seven it was a lot now
we're eating
notice the dance care the dance hair
who's got dance there
yeah dancer don't care so we're trying
to get these crazy kids out of here cuz
it's late Haley's got school Oh Haley
did you spill water ok don't step in to
highlight it's a petal don't step in it
Haley remember what happened when you
stepped in the puddle yeah say it Haley
hey what's your line I'm never going at
the park again
ok so dramatic go get your lip gloss
over your later
thank you bye said alright my crew needs
to get out of here too and you're part
of my crew tonight Katie expected you're
part of mine you're in my birthday baby
thanks for watching
Britt Ailey
