good morning yeah it's really sunny so I
can't really see if I'm filming me or
not but we're walking to tarjay because
alright let me just tell you the whole
story first off it's daddy's birthday
today and I didn't get a new present yet
so we decided maybe I should go to
Target because yeah I need to give him a
birthday present also I'm in the street
ok and also because I want a what is it
I have no idea five five uh five plate
brains get in the crosswalk yeah
and mommy needs toothpaste so we're
going right now well I'm
yeah blowing right now without him
knowing because he is getting Haley from
soon on with house
just like that okay anyways yeah so
let's do it
one cute little thing are you really
getting that that's so for a baby
alright okay we're gonna give them candy
and a card and maybe a few other things
but we got all the stuff that we needed
already so now we're just gonna
concentrate on the cute one cute little
man gonna get a card okay his birthday
right there so many choices we got
everything we need
they got candy we got beef jerky I got a
card pistachios so today we have two
meetings the first one is a what is it
well it's the first meeting with nacho
media training and I did my hair well I
had it in Dutch braids and I took it
down you know it's curly so we're going
doing out at Radio Disney um so outfit
of the day
tactical lipstick can you just fill my
outfit of the day they're gonna be
backlit over there
oh no it's turning out okay oh now it is
just go to the beanbag
featuring Haley coming out of the
bathtub oh yeah okay well I'm gonna go
so we're in the car and the lighting is
terrible
you and your lighting well though
actually I talked a lot about life that
you okay
oh there's some clicking sound in the
backseat
so anyways we are going okay stay right
here
perfect now don't move so we are going
to media training which is training for
social media nope I mean it's not like
teaching you how to Instagram and
snapchat - I thought I was going here to
take some really good Instagram pictures
it's teaching you like how to interview
like tips and tricks on interview
situations like red carpet or radio
interviews or whatever just and he's not
feeling it right now because she doesn't
like new things
when we get back if we remember I want
you to tell the camera one thing you
learned
I just don't know like how what to think
like no like you know what I mean like I
don't know but it's gonna be right
that's that's why I don't like it I want
to know exactly like one envisioned it's
gonna happen I don't even know if like
I'm in a room if I'm gonna be sitting
well you're not gonna be outside Thanks
so there's one thing you can cross or am
i upside down that's what I think of new
places it's like very anxious right now
I just want to know what's gonna happen
but the good thing is is that like it's
not too long yeah so and then Radio
Disney is gonna be super fun
and you're gonna probably get to put in
some some intercept what I'm gonna sell
pretty much I'm learning and then I'm
gonna just whatever yeah you just turned
it into school why I mean oh we're just
hanging out at radius just pull it up
you just hang out your intestines
I wonder if I get gum you get gum and
death during tire that's what what the
rumor is
because I already sure I use like a
Jolly Ranchers we used to get pretzels
petals and gum but then
don't get to tell them all about it
after we're done like meet nervous know
like new people
oh yeah same I got a question for you
when you go live like on like in a
concert like rock your hair because I
was the only concerts you've done and
coming up is Jacob's but anyway when you
do get ready for concert are you as
nervous or less or more nervous or less
nervous for me
way less you were more nervous for
gymnastics me yes really
yes you're more comfortable on the stage
the only thing I'm nervous about four
stages me tripping in high heels
I almost said - it's gonna be so funny
my legs were dying after the last one I
was like done get me out of these heels
so there you have it the only time I get
really nervous is um when the person in
front of me is going because I'm like oh
man
but then yeah that's pretty much it oh
no that's what I was balancing you guys
on my knees look at me
mommy would you be scared for you to do
this when you were my age
sure yes exactly I I shave my legs you
got the wrong people new people yeah so
no I mean they're gonna be super nice
okay
okay don't get a one by now
daddy just picked me up and yeah he's
excited and any of a lot of stuff to do
today and I'm doing school
exciting new school the school like
three days
so what'd you guys do yesterday we woke
up that's good
yeah right we ate we slept then we ate
then we slept enemy wait we went to get
our nails done yeah did you guys watch
baby yeah did you yeah I already ate a
lot of times hundred no media training
what's one thing you learned when you're
on this land I told you one thing oh
that's two things so don't rush and be
yourself okay and now we're off to hang
out at ready Radio Disney and then
daddy's birthday dinner but some find
you oh yeah she learned that she needs
to be organized but we already knew that
but she's gonna start an agenda of all
these fun things we have planned stay
tuned we're here at Radio Disney don't
break anything
how cool is that so I've got I'm you
just like doing kind of voiceover type
things you know so it's gonna be fun
don't touch anything don't break
anything okay
a little bit lower side of the body
all right never done that before have
you yeah really
did you have a good day I mean a good
two days pretty much is it your birthday
did you tell daddy happy birthday oh
yeah she texted me today I was like can
I post this for daddy wait you might
want to wait because Annie is in the
bath no one's Oliver what are you doing
video with my wrong hand why nobody's
doing it you know we're going somewhere
tonight we are yes we're going to dinner
why didn't you tell me that I didn't
know what you were in here doing we're
going to dinner with Sean danger I
didn't know you were in here doing that
you're gonna just what if that made the
wall no I didn't know you were in here
doing this you goofball how how video
her cuz I told you never told me you
were doing your makeup you don't
remember you were sitting on the beanbag
and I was so sleep whatever doesn't
matter clean it off don't come off right
now we're in the car and it's been like
40 minutes
but who's counting and we're going to
daddy's birthday dinner and I don't know
where we're going but it's fine we're
eating it's food so we're good
and guess who's coming oh you're really
your hair is super comfy and awesome
guess who's gonna be there I got you
shot
Oh Sean and Andrew whoa
I have no I'm gonna marry lately Wow
Sean and Andrew Rebecca and Madeline and
Danny Jimmy right that's it and then
some other guy that we never met yeah
there's another guy that we've never met
well there's a lot of people that we've
never met in this world but yeah one of
them one of those people that we've
never met the world's gonna be there
tonight
and hey we tried to see him
negating a new cover by the Roxy where
you've reformed with Brooklyn and Bailey
that's where we are right here really
yeah that was in LA
yep oh yeah I didn't I didn't know that
we're here what's it called maybe it's
over there
Oh No Estela or something that's true I
never see you with me about 8880 over
188 1688 53 what we don't know which way
8 8 0 0 8 8 72 72 so yeah it's gonna be
fine you know what we got the birthday
people sitting over here by now yeah we
got this one oh yeah and this one happy
birthday YouTube we got a lot of people
here today I'm only a quick glance and
you guys tell me if you recognize any of
these faces everybody alright alright
okay action
mr. Billy
Oh
la family night yeah then you drink your
water
speech on speech
look how delicious and he's already eat
now she's not too tired to eat though
smells delicious what good are you all
right my friends we're gonna do it quick
question of the night in the car because
it is late and we are all exhausted
it is almost 11 o'clock at night and
we're gonna go home straight to bed and
the question of the day is actually
brought to you by Matt and Rebekah cuz
they were giving me suggestions earlier
the night and it's the question today is
whose birthday is next in your family or
it could be your mom your dad your
sister your brother your dog your cat
your parents Caleb right I didn't miss
any animals I don't think
wait wait hi prefers Piper believe she's
June 15th all right so it's Piper's
birthday next so you guys comment down
below as well and tell us who's next
you don't have to do a dog for if it's
for talking dogs it's Piper's if not as
Caleb's but if you like don't have a
brother or a sister somebody that you
want to name you can do your animal
all right or your friend
yeah supposed to be in your family but
we're always open you know when we ask
Annie what's her favorite something she
always named three things so we're we're
kind of easy on the question of the day
just let us know in the comment okay
guys we'll see you tomorrow
stay tuned to see what Annie's up to
tomorrow Haley's up to a lot of yawning
and school tomorrow she's gonna do some
school and he's gonna do some school too
but after school she's got something
going on so stay tuned we'll see you
tomorrow
thanks for watching
Britt tailee
