all right day two
she's got to leave here dad he's gonna
rent her to the school to two minutes he
doesn't want me to leave and Gigi's
being a snuggle muffin today she's
really cool she like shivering right now
oh she got an itch and Haley didn't get
any of her homework done last night it's
not due till Friday because she decided
she wanted to sleep today she's got gym
so she's gonna be doing her homework for
sure Thursday night this week
there could be time to do some today did
you just realize that hi that you didn't
know any of your homework no I was just
doing this oh okay well I hope you have
another fantastic day and I'll see you
when you go I love you I'm coming in for
a kiss now turn away from I could have
whoa see it is a little different
without Haley here she'd be right next
to you if she wasn't in school she'd be
eating breakfast with you instead she
ate breakfast before you which is
totally different
good morning all right so Andy just had
breakfast putting together her lunch and
Haley's off to school she there yet
I don't know Patti said there's traffic
he texted yeah so I think for there
hopefully or they're gonna be late
what do you have planned today Jim
that's all it's on your agenda I know
something else that is on your agenda
cleaning your room and putting your
laundry away clean
yeah then all you do is put your laundry
away smile drink a juice and eat your
vitamins it's gonna be a great day
what's wrong it's gonna be a great day
repeat after me uh mornings around here
is so fun okay get it today - better
than day one out now where was day one
better
mm-hmm just as good let's ask the
important questions here Hayley how was
one oh so good very good so good unique
I ain't so on the first day first day I
a
um did I eat Oh soup in a pretzel with
mini cookies and then today I ate a
corndog and mac and cheese
and another very important question how
was recess good and a will last what did
you learn anything new well I don't know
sounds like a good day of school to me
now it's off to the gym well you're
gonna be tired
yeah after school snack much a big glass
of chocolate milk a lot of drop it low
yeah
are you pouring slowly or pouring a lot
mmm wrong answer
you could stir it goofball McGee yeah
all right so it's back to so many things
after school snacks I had forgotten
about like glad I have some stuff in the
house chocolate milk and a little snack
some fruit or something how's it taste
the perfection are you ready for day
three of school tomorrow after day one
of gymnastics you know what I mean by
day one right day one where you have
school day you're gonna be so tired when
you get home tonight and you have
homework to do okay how do I do that
when do you plan on doing that I'd love
to have to I eat right after you your
snatch okay perfect and then we'll get
dressed
it'll be good is it math homework okay
Haley tell everybody what you just said
I don't want to be in home school or
Gannon now here's my reply have you lost
your mind
are you joking no
no seriously no I know you're joking
okay I'm not yeah what was the deal
that we signed you up from school yet to
finish the whole year out but I know
you're joking I'm not joking I'm joking
mommy why do you want to quit homeschool
I mean why do you want to quit school
already school gets like a you're full
of it
oh I'm not I don't believe you
I do guys she is just joking I do mommy
tell them you're joking good night mommy
I'm not I knew you were Haley has
something she wants to admit I'm joking
she was just Germany
she had me scared there for a second I'm
like really all that we thought about it
and thought it through and I was like oh
no day two squirrel no no lemon juice
thank you come again
get out of here get out here go rot your
brains out on the TV now I ordered you a
new phone case it's bubble wrap you can
just keep popping it over and every oh
my god I like this awesome yeah I got
anyone look bigger does it yeah now
thing hurts my stitches hurt so mom is
getting me whatever it's called daddy
what is good medicine Oh cut my son
Dennis no she's giving you motrin
turn come I just came from the round gym
okay Bucklin and get some medicine
multitasking don't drop that that would
make a mess so the stitches are hurting
a little bit
Friday's the day hopefully we're gonna
make an appointment for doctor and well
hopefully she can see you on Friday
just make me kiddo giggling and down the
hatch
my practice what do you think you're
gonna do I since you've got the stitches
what do you think you're gonna make it
could be a lot of conditioning all right
remind your coach that you have yeah can
I told your coach but just make sure she
remembers cuz you you act like you don't
even have them sometimes the way you
okay so no bars oh I need that ring give
it up sister it's beautiful no bars no
flat hands I know I saw you too yeah I'm
gonna need a better reaction than that
Katie yes I'm gonna need like this is
the most awesome fame court fight phone
case my reaction yes you should have
seen your mom like this you were like no
I already did you wait I was sneezing oh
okay I'm ready now action see you Eddie
that's better
I like I'll see on Wednesday so yeah we
need to go home ro I'll see you tomorrow
we will leave tomorrow whatsapp we got
I'll be back tomorrow
drink in to check the drink in my hand a
pizza in the core piece they got your
pizza how was practice I saw you doing
handstand contest did you win
oh no but I don't mind harness Norfolk
hoarders you're good for going in with
your distinct ease I guess a hardest
worker with stitches right they were the
hardest we work the hardest out of all
the girls that have stitches dinner is
served my friend this is how gymnasts do
it you think food they eat on the go
Haley and I figured out some stuff this
morning when she needs to sit on the
other side to be dropped off yeah yeah
we were like we realized that on the
trip down we're like oh man climb over
yeah but okay also when we get home you
have a special message from Sophia and
John gee they sent you a message a
YouTube video message yeah well can you
imagine what it says well it's a little
crazy and a little goofy but I'm sure
you could guess that
it's a smell so much I can't tell you
what did you just say hey guys how did
you do bars it was like little skills
like what um okay
no no I can't play yeah I don't really
tiny skill but I know will you go back
and forth you hang onto the bar like
this her glide swing legs went yeah it
didn't hurt your spoon it just Haley you
don't think I supposed to do that
girl ripped doesn't mean you were
supposed I think the doctor said don't
do that
yeah II know how to start back up yeah
you want to start over
yes that's it yeah let's not do bars um
you're gonna extract us licorice game
yeah Saturday Saturday they'll be out
mm-hmm it's a doctor can see you before
them all right are you ready for this
very important message from our friends
you ready hey good H money it's
happening second day of school so uh
what are you doing doing a beautiful
bird that is flown out of its cage no
you're going to oh you got something
else in the rainbow of the world
holy code all the common learning oh
it's gonna be so cool and you know if
things get weird in school a couple
pieces of advice functional clothes
always just John Hancock at someone you
know that you know if things get real
weird you can just throw a pinecone at
someone's butt
no just kidding don't do that don't do
that yeah well I can go there's rules
now you can't just be throwing stuff all
right I get one of these too
do you have any other advice for
America's favorite third grader what
going out always we know you in
California excuse me
we're going to California next week yeah
James John G and Sophia warm yeah in
real warm if if you don't like the
school I hear there's some really nice
schools on the west coast
yeah sorry Billy
Katie this is why I'm never on camera
you guys you're crushing it okay right I
could have my lockdown I wish I went to
school today are you so fun what do you
learn yeah what'd you learn h-honey tell
us what you learned
don't forget to subscribe and write what
you learned in the comments below what
can we do then I'm good you learn and
not the cousin today that's nothing oh
well by the way Annie billion Teta
you're great too
yeah you know you guys are super cool -
you deserve a video shout out to one day
but today it's all about making a video
shut up
I didn't do perfect now you get that I
still haven't got a haircut
since I've seen you guys let's get a
little crazy they got excited about this
bubble wrap okay anyway so I think the
question but I should just be that right
what did you learn today I learned a
billion things that I can tell you in
one day
you got to think of one why let's go
with science I learned about like math
and like friction and like and like
gravity and like and like and like it
opened up and I left like over to the
pole okay okay I learned in school okay
these don't like me
school isn't helping her no let her
finish the colonies George Washington
now like the 13 colonies yeah like like
the ones where Kaylee makes history no
damn didn't school boy Thomas Jefferson
no you know don't Thomas Jefferson I
don't know eggs benny no eggs benedict
Washington no no no Dungey is not in
this conference
all right well Haley's gonna learn a
little bit more about that tomorrow
hopefully and hopefully she'll pasture
pass her test and that's it for a long
day don't forget to comment below cuz we
wanna know the question is what did you
learn in school today
ah tomorrow hey babe
thanks for watching
Britt Ailey
