hey hey the scythe bud so let's go see
ya
hey Lee would you like to start they are
soft jacks with sprinkles
oh do like a hand-painted Jack's
super Oh their bounty oh they're bouncy
like you can bounce to them these are
the eggs oh cool Annie you can have some
oh those are cool they're up no they're
like the things that you can like twist
and make like little creatures so you
look okay what's next
looks like a yo-yo is it yo-yo look on
the back see ya yep it's a yo-yo and
then I got these cool little jump ropes
Oh create a practice room probic I
didn't even see this I got this
oh you got this which we already had and
when I shot and Andrea gave us I was
just gonna let this bubbly happy
yeah which is this nerd rope I got this
too in there buddy
okay so while Hayley pips over back I'm
gonna go get mom yeah oh that's cool
that's cool and you got this thing oh
yeah
these peeps nice geez Eddie pretty phat
phat that the spring spits spits thank
ya arms issues and lips jumprope cheeky
she's like this horse cross this key
funny thing is those things you got yo
yo tell me since you girls decided to
get out before us cuz you got a lot of
stuff for Easter did you film it did you
show everybody what you got yeah looks
like Gainey got a horse
yeah bunny and doggie no way we already
had that doggie what time did you girls
get up I got about like 747 did you try
to wake mommy up and what you say that
Mommy playing tennis so I know we didn't
die eggs yesterday do you guys want to
die him today can we well wait we'll
wait a little bit for mommy to get out
but I got 20 eggs
can dye them now I want you to take that
top piece and kind of like push it down
to the next stair yep like that let go
that's what's like these do they walk
down the stairs I do over time now that
you've got it perfect
go let go no user needs of momentum of
going downstairs
I see a little girl who doesn't want to
die Easter eggs you just could have hang
out here today and you're not going to
do Easter eggs okay
no dyeing Easter eggs without old
clothes on and being ready like teeth
brushed gotta get our day started and
you don't want to wear anything good I
think the dogs want to help you guys
wanted that Easter eggs Winnie can we
dye you again
could we dye you again please hi Piper
wears a little one where's the little
one did you leave the little one out
again there's a little one
oh no need oh are you being attacked by
dogs smothered Oh
you guys got a lot of Easter stuff and I
feel like the worst mother in the world
cuz I didn't get up this morning to
watch you guys get your Easter baskets I
was like Annie just 10 more minutes and
she's like I'll film it and I went oh
he's so proud of himself did it oh this
is for me right awesome whoa tried to
hop one more over
my goodness girls
not complete without headbands earth and
with the money hit this bunny month
you guys want to wear them with
headbands
you
down to our last few eggs
so you died now you have to decorate
with stickers and things
all right so it looks like he goes all
you guys done with all your eggs almost
oh I'm decorating your decorating Hey
Hailey's dying her hands she decided you
know what I could die Easter eggs or I
could die my hands too she went with hey
and stop dropping it
yo she did it on purpose she did this to
whatever it's so I'll show you the ones
I'm done sparkling Monday I can't pick
up some soccer action okay a football
yeah fine should you see the last I call
this the next step one because I can
provide I'm not going to miss what I'm
gonna decorate a better family I just
think I did this one too yellow and
stickers were not gonna decorate just
follow and then this one I'm gonna put a
little thing cuz it's like a penguin
what are scary
the only payments are scary right in huh
then I made a purple one never
fertilized it's please - then I think
this is really weird
color I don't know that I'm going to
finish and then I made this one and when
it dried from the stickers off and
hopefully that worked but I think it did
but we'll try so which one shall I start
with what when will I start with eating
there's Buffy eatin goofballs
jump roping and yo-yoing and he's done
it several times we were just talking
about how the hardest part of learning
to yoyo is having to wind it up every
time and when you get really good at
yo-yos then you don't have to wind it up
anywhere
you know you're not jump-roping right
Inez yoga's good flaked up performance
everybody didn't twisting okay good dog
walk the dog here we go yes all right
yes better than is supposed to come back
up yes pretty good
you guys spin it with your foot the way
your foot if right put your right foot
on and right foot yep
no your right foot oh right foot and
your other right foot and then put that
to the side
yeah oops
kick it behind you and then go watch out
for Winnie sure you can go forward - oh
watch out TD like a lawn mower yep kick
it I know kick it really hard and then
jump there it is
you did it I just stuck some of these on
just like the Texas thing horses compass
flowers and the inker and then I have
this thing I didn't do that but like my
Bible and then I did this I have like
this little thing here where I can like
put stuff in there
so the Knightly decided to do makeup and
this is what I decided to do and well I
can like see my eyelashes and oh I don't
like this
you call Ozark this is what you call a
lot of mascara and eyeliner and my gosh
I like freaked out because like I messed
this one up so I had to make this one
thicker it was like what that's what it
looks about but it's my first time now
my first not like actual my line is my
first time back doing a trial and I used
to use eyeshadow but yeah here's Olaf's
big day tomorrow
yes
Haley's first day of school is tomorrow
and her friend
well actually Annie's friend but Haley's
friend - Mackenzie from gymnastics goes
to the same school or used to go to this
school yeah and gave her some old
uniforms that she doesn't can't fit into
anymore so we're picking out what Haley
wants to wear tomorrow
I'm learning which skirts there's
different one he's not new and might be
lined a dress Oh Scott I do not know yet
and I see didn't McKenzie gives little
pants them out of those things yeah hey
yeah so you gotta tell me choices
choices Annie you you get to like
actually wear the jumper or should she
wear the skirt okay though not a jumper
jumper jumper is and you might need a
little sweat the sweater so that but
it's gonna be chilly tomorrow I even
want yet these pants or one of these
skirt all right since it's gonna be cold
and I don't have any but here's the
thing I don't have any um leggings yet
so maybe we should do the pants okay
pants
all right pants and a shirt yeah what
pants like hit me I hope I have socks
I'm now thinking everything through of
all the other things she's gonna need
Thank You laughs off I have a hairbrush
that we've said you have white socks
this is really cool hairbrush just
drained your hair as it goes cool
alright guys so we're going to continue
to do this we're gonna go over to
Katie's house because we haven't seen
her so we'll see you a little in a
little bit missed you guys - Happy
Easter today still the Easter
resurrected huh yeah quick quick paint
an O sunburned sunburned and thank you
for asking today yeah well she figured
she might run Katie through this dance a
little bit oh oh yay no scoop let's
party shake - girlfriends okay bye bye
friends something about a basement a
good picnic in the face mag I'm not sure
hello boys hi boys you looks how
important what is really oh how
important this little meeting is nod we
just haven't seen you got it guys in a
while I like your Easter get-ups it's
been a while oh I know it's been lazy
huh oh wow I did I mean it interesting
colors okay okay I know what it's so mad
at me I Center these this morning or is
this place that has like horses but they
try their phones
Oh
oh wait really yes Wow there you go
smile ha ha
how was it downstairs but did she catch
on quickly to the dance bobble you
didn't catch on quickly
Oh some pink okay
that's not cute Oh she said to me that's
not cute thinking that knows yeah this
is all we do is look at horse keep eggs
hey we're gonna have a farm one day only
we have something for you we had to meet
up in somebody have a stuff how did it
go
yay guys guys who gave it to us miss
Jill lost it what she's looking for
something she's been here and there and
everywhere yes so we sit around checking
YouTube stats looking at pigs and
looking at horses that's what we do
around here and looking at bunnies
it's Easter you can look at all the
bunnies you want I'm like that fanny
no no no horses what I feel better pain
I don't get me out get me importantly Oh
are we gonna yeah he found it but it
still came through what is it okay this
is from English it's the island OMG
thanks and a friend Katie Vaughn Healy
that's for you Annie Annie you rock Oh
Katie and nothing for you Billy
Hugh's ripping papers in here this is
from angie's Thank You Angie don't
someone
someone's gonna accidentally resist all
right we just told the girls that it was
time to go home cuz it's a school and
gymnastics night and this is what we're
getting funny Jim right see your time
yep bestest friends yeah you lodges her
in like 12 hours you'll see each other
are you firstly all right no you
do yes
no no hey guys it's always about a
sleepover right so as soon as we drag oh
it is never kidding keep getting balls
kicked on me so as soon as we drag these
girls out of here we'll have a question
of the day yeah you guys never get
sleepovers just because it's the ones I
bumped off I haven't seen my best team
in two weeks and out luggage lorda you
guys are so cute
yeah the question of the day is should
they get a sleepover or should they go
home because it's Hailey's first day of
school tomorrow
comment down below we'll see you
tomorrow these the out plays out thanks
for watching
Britt Ailey
go
