good morning everybody we are checking
the weather
cuz Sean and Andrew is supposed to come
okay good they run around noon but this
afternoon we're we're doing an Easter
egg hunt later on
it's an editor where Easter egg hunt why
are you rolling your eyes at us and so
you guys are going to get to find out
today what is in the egg that they may
have to eat or where but eat it or wear
it part you're at stay tuned for super
exciting stuff so we're just hanging out
we let we're letting Haley sleep in a
little cuz she's a little cranky in the
mornings and there's really no need to
wake her up right now but they should be
here our friends I'm gonna call them
friends now our friends Andrew and John
are on their way
hello many visits we are filming you
have to subscribe to Sean's channel
because a few of those are gonna be on
their channel like we're gonna go to the
gym today and do it Annie and Sean and
well Haley would have but no stitches
then we doing some gymnastics I think
she realizes that we're doing bean
boozled doing eat it or wear it if time
allows for it we're gonna try to do all
these either to wear it bean boozled
blindfolded makeup what in the shower
today I got a massage from the shower
yeah on my shoulder she's sore from all
those fronting giant why she doesn't do
anything my tommysaw to can't even do a
howl Avani you can't get up because she
couldn't get up sit up in the bed
yesterday last night all right so we're
setting up for natural makeup with Annie
and Sean yes yes so they're about to do
each other's makeup yes are you guys hot
or cold or okay with the Sun beating
down on you I find
do we need to prop it up that work Syd's
on spring break so she came to say hi
this is Sydney that Sean I'd probably
don't need to entertain or get ready to
do some music I music I can tell you
music makeup make it hey guys it's me
Annie and I'm Sean and that angle as you
can see is already done by me yeah yeah
and you can go check her doing my makeup
on her Channel
yes Sean Johnson yep and now I get to do
her makeup yes
she's gonna do a lot better job that I
known her sorry it's gonna probably
embarrass Annie again cuz I've kind of
been Danny you got to think about this
you're doing Sean Johnson's makeup yes
that's crazy
Jeff and I go like this
here my makeup and that's done in excess
me and that's injured and that shot and
that's is Paul and that's Bobby do you
even say so excited high five this is
what they're excited about Annie look
what I got this time though it's like
legit I was excited
is it more I swear she ever-expanding
sticking on her to t phrase extinct use
lawn clippings or lime or not add your
butter pop them on anything yep you
don't know what you're getting that's a
women
it's just a good friend Mark who doesn't
like to face barber pants are canned dog
food chocolate pudding booger juice
pants
boogers are one one right camo and you
got a black hole on it baby wipes
coconut on spritely coconut doesn't like
coconuts what up Balu
is Liz Scotch spray and licorice because
she doesn't like licorice probably skunk
spray maybe I never know it like work
and I were these sprays just a bull
woman would be great yeah all right so
we're setting up for an epic game of
bean boozled super excited for this
everybody no choices are really solving
them got it I think I got it yeah oh yes
okay okay
splat oh my gosh how fast are you going
pretty bad look at you guys are pros oh
yeah they've been run into I'm sure if
you towed my car furniture it's hard you
got to just go for it it's great advice
really dude no sorry Winnie jar we we
any come on you better move by the way
when you could get run over
your stomach's that sword I've gotta
said she's like open gym in the gym
that's where you're sore yeah
you being careful stitches his coach
Mary know about your slender hand hey
looking good but she just incredible I
know she's like nothing's gonna stop her
don't open that hand stitches nine
stitches
I don't even we go big or we go home
none of them have ever had stitches and
the first encounter is nice so we're
here at the gym and we're filming a
video that's gonna go up on Sean and
Andrews channel I don't know what they
have planned but they're gonna be
playing around in the gym
whoa how many time did you go around oh
dude your attorney Andrew inception Mike
yeah okay well Harrison right I've
learned about arason a double he punch a
double you better ask your fiance
standing back full I don't know what
you're gonna do oh nice I'm good victor
is that that's all I can do you know
some exciting stuff going on out here I
hear what's going on
okay so I'm not supposed to watch right
now okay guys we can't watch so we are
on a little break from filming we got
back from the gym and we're about to
film some messy videos can't wait Oh
puppy you're so cute
does it work for a blindfold it's really
a headband but I thought it would be fun
since its although by the time this
video goes up it could be Easter maybe
Easter will be over but I guess it'll be
fun still can you see me no how many
fingers am i holding up
yeah pink good sway I like it
want some bunny ears too so too tight
why are you wearing a blindfold we're
blindfolded makeup but I thought you did
not my arm we're doing both I don't know
what we're doing person we are doing so
many videos there's not my arms lots of
challenges so if not my arms is first we
got to figure out how we're gonna do
that look at these blindfolds they're
not like Easter way I am bunny crowd oh
yeah - I got season Andrews just the
tallest and it's standing up there
goodbye Wow oh yeah see nice is about
the center
what is he Piper was it see how tall she
is Piper how tall are you doing Lana i
shadow thank you young foundation take
it he's doing the foundation lots of
blush lots of lipstick he bound it okay
I'll give you your brush yeah one yeah
we're about to do eat it away
but with your twist we're gonna go
Easter egg hunt hunting and those Easter
eggs have what we have to eat or wear
and then I'm either to wear it's the
same if you eat it I mean if you don't
if you don't take a heaping spoonful of
it and eat it then you have to wear it
okay
all right it's a twist - there's extra
Easter eggs now we're going down stair
to say on your mark there's extra Easter
eggs down there so no in the backyard so
you got to get five or anything over
five is bonus on your mark get set go
because they're not competitive at all
oh where could they be
Oh nicely done
it's sinking save the eggs she makes
walking on that look so easy
gonna try it at home a lot more I know
there are you mr. eggs
Haley's giving all the hell now buried
him in the sand yeah Tommy do you have
thanks
so when you get the one you just don't
want you can give it to somebody else
I mean you have all right so you don't
need to give anyway as soon as you get
it if you use it then that's it you the
rest of yours for you her her she's got
four to give away so we are upstairs in
Annie's room yay and we since it's
almost Easter yay we decided to decorate
a nice little like calendar thingy
it's calendar book I think okay come and
the question of the day is this is a
really good one Annie and okay you guys
well what would it you do if you got
lost in a big city I can go first okay
yeah um I would probably there was
someone like a security guard
I bid call like I would ask them like to
call my mom or my dad so smart smart
smart yeah Annie what would you do I
would use my own phone
well and call them well that's where
they are I and ha ha well actually
that's a pretty good idea because I do
have a phone oh yeah but I didn't think
of some art phone phone phone so I would
do my old man oh don't forget to
come down a little guys me I'm gonna
know the question I all day is mm-hmm
what would you do if you got lost in a
big city
bye okay say bye say tomorrow
Tay see you tomorrow
with my okay hey babe babe I thanks for
watching
Britt Ailey
