good morning on this beautiful day
it ripped Oh No
Haley's got some gel stuff that she's
trying to make I'm gonna retry it maybe
the second time 20 minutes I thought all
night
oh well we're getting ready to leave you
want it yeah possibly hey and I heard a
little rumor that you named your
stitches can you tell me about that well
about that well um I named my stitches
one Larry two said because our favorite
members to three anaglyph your favorite
numbers three for Bob he is I'm not too
nice
bob is a nut you got it you six nope you
skipped five bye oh don't forget about
five he's the crazy one
wait I guess bob was the cream mom mom
he's Annette - okay six he's no no no
not sick you know by the Tom tell me
about Tom is Bob's cousins grandmother's
son dad oh okay welcome welcome Tom okay
six-six is name is missing Oh startles
mr. sparkles hmm
mr. have a feeling that you're making
some of this up as you go mm-hmm all
right six of sparkles seven seven Caleb
mm-hmm okay that's good without fangs
Katie because she loves eight and
no his name was not him her name ah good
a little fire glitter glitter fie
so clearly she had named a few she had
thought about a a few of them like
pathid annie Caleb and Katie but a few
of them she made up just right now all
right then
it is a beautiful day out here it's a
great day for chewing on sticks right
Gigi
wait a second you're not so chewing on
sticks what is this those aren't sticks
you had me fooled all right we got to go
grocery shopping for our special guests
Sean and Andrew and I wasn't keeping it
a secret Sean and Andrew are on their
way right now and we'd like to be good
hosts and I think we're gonna cook out
tomorrow right we got blue yeah right oh
yeah
oh yay all right so clean that mess up
and we're out
I wonder what kind of Apple Sean Johnson
and Andrew like it's like how Sean
Johnson and Andrew Annie and I were
talking about the other days like maybe
when after we meet her we won't call her
Sean Johnson anymore we'll call her Sean
goes right now to Shawn Johnson ever
thought about that huh all right so
we're getting some fresh fruit because
it's always good to have fresh fruit in
the house and we are completely out how
many did you get did you get enough for
each one of your stitch stitches no oh
one of your stitches are very sad
so
Huggy your cart bug your cart that's a
million dollar question right you call
it a buggy or a cart it is almost Easter
great all right
keep rolling I don't know that squad I
think it's safe tomato just fell on the
floor but we've saved it don't tomatoes
with people so I know know she had the
bag open and I dropped the tomato in the
bag and it fell out of her hand and
rolled so we're just cleaning up her
mess now okay I'll get up you hold this
that was really
well
I'll pilot ins oil there are no tomatoes
harmed in making this video the tomato
is safe all right let's do it
hmm that's okay just go under it I can
still read it it says mayonnaise so
we've got all of our supplies this is
for hopefully we get to all these fun
activities we've got going planned weird
this is for eat it or wear it
Easter egg style Easter egg hunt style I
should say so Haley's getting it
organized she's putting all of our
ingredients on sheets of paper and then
they're gonna go in the eggs and we're
gonna hide egg shell yes cut it out and
make a pile yep and then we'll fold them
all up and put them in the eggs so
Haley's job as she's writing down all
the ingredients for us you know what
that is just got to look to ask how to
spell it
excuse me my desk my gosh we finally got
an office guys
organizing fine there for me in this
house per year ah
t-minus just a few hours till Sean
Johnson and Andrew get you right when
Andy gets out Jim I'm didn't gymnastics
and I was working out benjensen buzz my
mom got the one I made millions rise I
got some of the ones you missed - no the
one I made that straight leg and then
one that I made that was that like
didn't get the better one an opening
sorry I don't think so roll the clip to
that to the straight leg one she didn't
film the bit like one circles a cleft
attitude
Oh welcome back everyone and now what we
doing mommy I think Shawn Johnson and
Andrew are gonna be on their way to her
house I wonder if she wants us to call
her Shawn or Sean Young or miss Johnson
and mrs. Jones where am I probably miss
Shawn or Shawn do you probably doesn't
want you to colors on Johnson
but anyways then we're gonna go to
dinner
Oh
hey nervous I did how you know I'm the I
know I'm not fairly nervous but I
probably will be it's like a me it's
like when you get like three minutes
from it you're like very much for the me
nah to be you're like you're like this
look at the club by you service just
like she's gonna hide come on look the
difference in hey normal you're peeking
around the corner
give me scare him
no yes you should rob the engine humming
oh hey Sean you nervous
hi Katie hey I made you something - hi
Andrew oh my god nice to meet you this
is Gigi a little we look a little bit
yeah the big ones are downstairs
we've got they one tender mmm how are
you ladies good how are you thanks for
coming to visit us
how was the drive good what are you
doing hey you learn in some origami type
things
never make a community can Judicature a
cootie catcher do you know that boys
have cooties three boys boys have
cooties that's such good advice
give a cootie catcher I've never even
heard of a cootie catcher right and hold
it wait is that little middle right
there yeah okay you're gonna make a
paper airplane shuts okay Aaden
now you can you remember how to do it
because there's gonna be a test at home
this what I do when I get bored our
restaurant you know and now we're gonna
go home
is it weird that Shawn Johnson's in our
car she's embarrassed
yeah it's kind of weird I love it oh
yeah he's embarrassing her
I'll take that tomorrow she's gonna
be in your gym I'm embarrassing a knee
lady just like she's on Johnson's in our
car and tomorrow she's gonna be in your
gym I can't leave I just beat you on the
beat I know Andrew beat you and we try
the Beast push me off no she that's how
she rolled like a play fair they're
gonna have let me see so Sean and Andrew
just left we remembered that we didn't
do what when we should have so now I'm
gonna do it now Haley do you know
whispers yeah
name a job that you you would never want
to do no matter how much you would get
caught
hey okay so oh I know I know I know I
would not be a police officer because I
would not be in the mood to do any stuff
like that Oh
a janitor once again Oh janitor cuz you
have to clean some wouldn't you busy
okay so bye oh don't forget to comment
down below cuz we want to know the
questions if I'm not filming anything do
it again don't
get your comment down low because we
want to know about question of the day
is name a job you would never want to do
no matter how much you got pay okay bye
we'll see you tomorrow bye like not
doing very well are you doing no you
look creepy
ah stop tickling when he was to be on
camera oh when he's collapsing when he
was too busy hiding cameras I did you
just smack you in the face
actually you made her but I didn't
baked potato baked potato baby thanks
for watching Britt Ailey
