are you ready
that's how she feels about the happiest
place on earth right now all right I'm
gonna continue to try to wake her up she
wants me to redo these braids but we may
just keep them cuz I got her up late so
let's get this day started it des Neil
and I thought she'd be like hear me and
be like jumping out of the bed let's try
again let's get this day started
Disneyland
okay well we're gonna get this day
started and go to Disneyland
oh hey Disneyland
oh hey Caden and Dylan I'm gonna force
you to have fun today what there's
nobody what are you doing what are you
doing anything what's your favorite dump
wheat you've read today which one I
think it was gross she's like my
sister's gonna have a child am I gonna
be an uncle or
are they talkin opal does it talk about
come from prom
come from brown
where's cookies-and-cream come from hey
represent I'm not sure who's most
excited but five years here we go but
before anything starts of course we have
to get disney shirts or sweatshirts or
jacket
you don't want a jacket
no sweat okay that's cute she's mine
she's mine and he's mine oh they're not
hoodies but that's all you could find
cute hi
that's cute do it no I'm okay
we're free
they're all big today aren't they all
that size I was gonna make a joke and
say what's his name by the sea or no
ears Tigger's my all-time favorite you
guys yeah because you don't want to
carry him around Annie Annie didn't get
the memo of coming back and he's like I
got them all I stopped the store right
we just rode monsters and now we've
moved on to I thought you should be a
doubt the tower of terror
turned in to the guardians of the galaxy
in the galaxy of super funny okay what
do you probably not allowed but maybe
though we'll figure it out we'll try
we'll try
we're about to get on this elevator I
have been do my favorite ride my
favorite and he's like I mean on the job
guys I can't film on the right cuz our
tour guides going with us she'll she'll
yell at me so say goodbye right now
we'll see you on the other side
we are on small world right now indi
just realized where we're going we're
going to meet Mickey these film since
1928 it's also where we used to shoot
some of his famous movies when hanging
out the movie sets to meet all of you so
just make sure you get your autograph
books photo patent annual passes cans
bones all your devices ready got further
ado Matt Matt is informing educating
Mickey on Instagram I want to let you
know that I've known you for like 15
years in my position would you like
which is like yeah
you want to try to walk in again like a
little bit you don't want to get a group
picture
thank you nematodes Leber's I mean very
no he does not make your No
and the Sun has finally set and we're
walking because people need more
sweatshirts right if we didn't shop
enough this morning but now we're gonna
shop again and then your nose those two
weirdos up there needs white shirt and
I've never heard of it
I don't know it at all like they're the
only people in the whole entire world
it's a look at this that's kind of cute
cute that's actually cute I got I got a
mirror
yeah everything else but unique it looks
good it just fits everything else from
my arm yeah okay rolling rolling who's a
sure somebody say action he was just
like now let's do that again and only
better okay let's do that again and like
act this let's do that again I'm like
let's act this and one time he goes he
goes and cut okay guys okay guys there
was nothing good about that shot I'm
like oh they're looking at you love you
Asher Asher zero good things about he
was like no no we're in mind for Soren
I've never been in a pillow brothers how
do you how do you know okay so they must
know I'm gonna get these you need a
jacket
don't need more you can get ya if y'all
don't know what a jumper is it's a shirt
we have somebody we want you to meet
right India that I really want you guys
to know he's the funniest guy and he's
been quite the character all day
he keeps us laughing but like every time
the cameras turned off he goes
he has a blog but your mom tells me it's
only to his group chat who has six
people right yeah so he might not have a
group traffic six people and they're
only differently this month right now
once it like Scotland ones in our
Australia ones in America look up there
honey like bogs right yeah what's up
guys Neil and like who makes me look
here's guys look what I'm getting for
like lunch like literally he's got it
he's got it he needs a real you mean
he's gonna be like a real one yes that's
right you gotta start somewhere that's a
good advice actually listen to Ian
hashtag listen to Ian hashtag listening
grass
dude that's a wrap on Disneyland
I'm gonna call it 2015 all right
question of the day what's your favorite
Disney character who's your favorite
Disney character you are we knew that
you going with me or were you going with
you don't hurt his feelings I say Caden
oh come on you got a name
he's like this I need more common is any
more lightning McQueen's a good one and
we'll get the others answers as they
come firing in 11 are you kidding eleven
and a half and he's like done that's
crazy that's crazy
okay favorite Disney characters the
question of the day who's your favorite
Disney character we're finally who's
your favorite Disney character it's so
hard I know
Oh that'll be another day all right bye
guys see you tomorrow and he's about to
fall asleep standing up we're going to
get in the car and going home bye bye
bye bye bye bye remember to celebrate
thanks for watching
Britt Haley
