we're at the gym we're here to pick a
knee up take her to lunch for our last
lunch with our favorite people who came
to visit us thank you
such a gentleman mr. chases they're all
watching watching Annie just jump on a
trampoline you've got our undivided
attention and apparently Katy's can spot
her
just kidding I think there's gonna be
jumping over over the hand what happened
I missed an athlete so Katy and Annie
should do synchronized beam ready go no
that's four hands green step out layout
step-out I got both of I think the other
drove us is a trampoline one
if I wish the Dean was that big just
saying wouldn't that be nice yes and
maybe that low almost too bad
what's everybody eating oh we got some
Subway's some Chipotle amylose is doing
Arby's mmm that's why we chose them all
guys so that we could all get what we
wanted and no one had to are you and
Danielle I appreciate the red hair not
only is it beautiful but I could see you
from way over there I knew you're
sitting
I said Oh
so Haley's calling me out because for
the longest time pretty much since I was
I could talk I want to make I want to
embarrass myself right now this is
embarrassing like Haley just said you
just said are you so I knew there was a
GN are you guys but I didn't know that
you said it I thought it was sila how
embarrassing is that I'm 35 years old
and I thought the G and ru was C I'm
saying it again there's and apparently
you say the G and our argue and I was
the only one that's embarrassing but I
bet they could comment down below a word
that they have always mispronounce
Deuteronomy and E that one can you think
of a word if not maybe by the end of the
day you'll think of one that you've
always said wrong I know one that all
three of you you Kayla banana Eugene tic
I see Kim dunk instead of duck
they say dunk
instead of pancakes pancakes
I know any of you saying that back in
your neck but I'm a little bit older
than you guys when you realize that I
didn't I just don't know how you guys
always like my children say it right
no like argue our argue like is that a
heart it's not a hard G though like I
never heard it and no one ever heard me
say it wrong until I was doing the
voiceovers in New York City okay that's
you didn't know that and that's where
they heard me say it they're like you
keep swallowing the G and are you and
I'm like oh okay
and then I pretended like I knew what I
was talking about so I did it the way
they apparently the way that you say it
like okay very good
that's how I realize that there's a
cheater
and so then I looked it up I looked up
the pronunciation online and I'm like oh
I was alone in New York figuring this
out for myself
we're heading back we'd like to swim
around with him all into the van
and is it not my feet right now and I'm
about to go back to Jim
and continue
you know it's very sad in June right do
it at home
Wow the cousins have to say goodbye
goodbye cousins damn I'm gonna get Annie
back to Jim and they're going to the
airport by m'kay oh yeah Katie I'm sorry
J thanks for coming by red oh that's me
I don't know why it's called me I mean I
know why I called you that but you know
all right it was fun
can you do at the same time are you guys
not that coordinated one two three drama
Daniel echoing over yeah roll around the
goodbyes just keep her coming
you tell chase goodbye flag Gillian hug
boys yeah hey Leo hug you can tell chase
goodbye no she hasn't hug boy the other
oh she's like I gotta go I gotta go
I'm yeah why he said because I picked
out yeah that's exactly yesterday day
like Victor knows in Amite she hungry
good guys anyways we done gymnastics and
how to cook me hmm I mean this one
answer let's step out okay set heart
Kenny said because cafeterias closed
yeah why it's closed permanently miss
Kylie yes we went there tonight to eat
and it was closed and she told us Kim I
did must have a ring yo mr. Kim's
favorite place to eat it's like a big
Mexican restaurant right there see it
Cathy real so soon why is it closed I
don't know I have no idea no I'm
devastated
who shot her ah okay anyway for you so
we're gonna go to to KT top because
coach Mary told us and have your news I
got my haircut yeah yeah you did okay oh
and my mom got to strap so listen we
could tell our tumors apart that that
good idea
Wow because Haley broke the other day my
buddy John dropping it off the balcony
oh my husband's very camera still work
but the lens was like all over the place
oh why was that yesterday cuz you didn't
throw it she literally is it
accidentally dropped it like she she got
mad at me because I helped her get the
camera and I was all the way down at the
dock and she was up on the balcony
outside and she was like you didn't help
me get the kick
Oh wasn't recording on its way down yeah
but it was like a horrible like pod and
read like boy started sprinting to the
camera I picked it up I was like this is
still working but it's kind of broken
everywhere man
haha okay so now you got that one which
one was it was it on was it a little the
red one
no it was the same one as this one but
we saw the other camera that's like the
guys are like 20 cameras with two
cameras right now but they're gonna send
us the other cameras back no but but do
you have the other one that's like that
we use for your fashion throw things
about we have fork
500 champ working my spear for us and
then our old ones so five another one
six what we don't have these right now
seven
I don't want to be Clooney - Javin right
there so well that's weird but can't see
that Wow now I can't see my boar here's
your nose usually shortened room if I go
like this
usual did you know that you can see or
no you're just going to avoid it
oh that's true uh leave pipe roll out of
this so these glasses could only mean
one thing
we're doing uh uh BKB yeah who knows
what it's about safety fire
so yeah virus okay that's what we're
doing I don't know when it's gonna be up
because I never know these things we
film it and then your daddy knows most
of the time either
well this video elephants in here it
will be Wow - Michigan oh all right
that's what we're doing they got home
from gym and we're going to get some
film and done and in which gun it goes
to bed
and then we have a somewhat of a
somewhat a very exciting day tomorrow
want to tell them where we're going
announcement
yeah I accidentally let it slip was
supposed to be a surprise
always yeah I said she was asking what
we were gonna do today and I'm like whoa
laughter gymnastics I got to go home and
pack uh she is you like pack away yeah
so I told her you guys just been like I
don't know just cuz I'm like so he's
packing a punch pack playlist a little
soon putt for a little putt though well
I didn't think that bad okay well I
spoiled the surprise for that playlist
for the surprise but I know I'm not go
sir prizes playlist is in April 8th
all right be just like nailed that fire
video you need two glasses and now time
to wrap up the question so go get a
question vision more just make one up
Donna would you rather glasses or braces
I would I'm braces braces bridges versus
person so don't call me a blow cuz we
win no quick glasses are breaches bye
see you tomorrow bye you're like Caesar
in my you can see me so let's Annie I'm
here
so yeah baked potato babe I
thanks for watching
Britt Ailey
