Jiji in a car
you brought Gigi along we're going on
our way to go pick up the girls from
their sleepover with their cousins and
she did you got to go today she's very
excited well I got the window gee
tgd you're too short you told I bet
those girlies had a lot of fun what do
you bet I bet they got no sleep I was
gonna say the same thing I bet they
stayed up until hours they could be
asleep now they probably still are
asleep
Oh fun stuff we got here and they were
more excited to see the puppy than they
were us ah Gigi's gonna look around
where you going GV you've never been
here welcome welcome DG we had bets of
what time or how much sleep you guys got
last night well Annie fell asleep first
well we're not surprised but it was
probably around 11:00 that's not
horrible we got to sleep in today this
is our sleeping day she was still awake
when I went to bed I'm not surprised
about that either well through your one
guess what daddy went to your school
this morning and they sent you home with
some stuff to try on you have a little
uniform fashion show later okay you
still want to go right yeah that's what
you have to try on you still want to go
right ah okay I'm going to see your new
school that you're gonna start next year
I don't want to do hey you don't want to
go oh that's it up there
and she is like really tired but he's
sitting on my knee so that when we
uncomfortable Oh Annie and daddy are in
the other car right in front of us not
right in front yeah we had to play
musical cars this morning
Wow one car was over with you guys
because aunt Melissa took you guys home
in our car so then we had two cars over
there this morning so now we're bringing
them home bringing both cars home so
that's why edges together
right GG Oh joylessly she might be hi
Gigi sweet dreams all right are you
ready to see them it's uniform fashion
step show well this is a skirt what they
wear hmm
and it goes with this shirt and I have a
question what's the question is there
any dresses yes and I think this that
you can wear this blue skirt with that
yellow shirt and then here is the dress
it's a jumper and you wear can you can
yellow shirt under it
yes I just got to find out what color I
don't know daddy asked that when he went
and picked all this up so which one do
want to try on first yeah I'll try that
yes okay perfection he brought a few
different sizes they sent you home with
I think it does fit I got to figure out
shoes you like the plaid but in the just
plain Navy
I got a I'm sure in the winter she can
wear tights I just got to figure out
what color I should have gone with daddy
he went and picked all the stuff up I
should have gone and asked the questions
but I can call them number two okay I
think a sizes fit auntie of eating some
dried fruit in here yeah this one's a
cute look too
well now there's a plane maybe blue
skirt so it's going to look similar all
right let's go try it alright so I like
the jumper and the plaid skirt this
one's okay what do you think pipe mani
what do you like best jumper you like
the flip the baby blue good to know back
in real close now and they also sent you
home with some work it has begun and I
don't remember if I said this on camera
but I am allowed Haley to dip dye her
hair because meat season was over but
then but then I was like oh no what if
the school doesn't allow them I'm not
sure yeah the dogs part of you too I'm
not used to that I'm used to I don't
know if this is it washes out I just
don't know if it's gonna wash out that
soon she could go to pay and she could
dive back no we don't want this is not
real dye well I'll go find some brown
kool-aid oh she's a nice brown cool uh
Oh broken camera the camera was dropped
just a second ago the person who dropped
it shall be remain remain nameless um I
won't call that person out it wasn't me
until I'll say but anyway so I guess for
when I take Annie to the gym I guess
look I can vlog because it can barely
see my face anyway I just don't like the
camera that's close to my face anyways
so when I take um
Annie to Jim I will be going to buy a
new camera that stinks but you know we
use our camera Aaron he's around here
somewhere who's going to find her
where is she others yes so that happens
it happens sometimes but look as i zoom
in it kind of goes oh hey that is so
cool so our camera kind of get some beat
up a little bit you have to replace it
quite often this is just a little bit
sooner than I was hoping to replace a
camera
hey Annie I can see you with the broken
lens but when i zoom in i can't zoom out
but how to hold the camera really steady
or it's really shaky
she fell off she bought the beam in
Boots cute well I'm gonna turn this
camera off and you gotta go get a new
one when you're at gym today okay quote
inside more than outside so we're going
to go into the hot tub we're all in
bathing suit bathing suit and Haley's
gonna try to get her hair in the hot tub
I'm know because I don't want my hair
not be red these bubbles oh good it's a
little bit of reference to not a lot
you're just gonna get it I don't want to
put your camera in there so we don't
know like you know put it in the hot tub
so I'm on Tia to come out in a little
bit and she my credential I not sure I
just like love the kojiki
that's the problem when the hot tubs not
filled up enough we should put some
water in it
to pot for Gigi's no we don't let the
other dogs in it's too hot no no no
here's the deal I love that you try to
bribe me with really good footage here's
the deal let's fill it up so it um the
water is not as hot
putting room-temperature water and will
not you know I need not room temperature
cuz we're not in a room you know what I
mean
outside hose water in and then she can
get in for a second
five seconds okay to the little girl who
never used to like to get her hair wet
did it yeah cold this is it brought it
down I know
so now 99 not too hot for a little puppy
still pretty warm oh I guess we should
explain we're rolling on the other
camera the camera that I don't like very
much that's why you notice that the
cameras fixed we have not gotten a new
one yet
don't drink that water thank you
right um she can't swim who's never been
swimming she never hold on to her J she
might get scared
got her okay go slowly my battery's
about to die
oh no we're falling apart on cameras and
a good job GG this way Haley oh she's
good at it grabber grabber grabber Oh
makes me nervous she's pretty good let
her swim by herself within grabber Haley
I'm a nanny let her skip let her swim
let her swim this way and then grab her
grab wrap fab wrap so she doesn't go
under all right I think she wants out
you didn't like the water okay she feels
better now that she feels safe
you ready get out GG I gotta go charge
this battery
I'm not she's scared that you're gonna
put her back in just hold or so she gets
used to it you did good GG you do have
to learn to swim if you're gonna live
near that water that's the rule
hey Emma do tomorrow you go practice
she's like I'm gonna see Coco tonight
I'm so tired okay so once again I'm now
on my phone because the battery's dead
apparently there's some funny stuff
oh my gosh so many great almonds already
today
you did your diapers don't see me
working here I won't do it without mommy
go get it
look at that cool back she is soaking
she should be outside in the Sun drying
off you're not in the Sun drying off
 okay oh it doesn't resolve 121 it's
not a clock oh she got back in she use
the other door
hey Annie you notice what Mommy has
Danny you national mommy hands yeah
is it the same one I thought the same
one it is one of the kids dropped the
kids dropped it today off the balcony
captain yeah but the good news is it was
protected and was insured so give it
will get it by then this one we can put
away for safekeeping so nearly just
spend some time mary-kate a Melissa
Danielle chase and now we're going to
use them blah blah blah blah blah blah
blah yeah that's Annie's favorite word
for blah blah blah so you know it's sad
this is kind of like their farewell
dinner we'll see them a little bit
tomorrow but they leave tomorrow feels
like it went super fast so they're
already here at rest shot waiting on us
because we did get this jacket is not a
shirt and so we didn't think it was
gonna be in the world we appropriate to
wear a leotard in a restaurant so she
just went in her Leo and pants - Jim
today and like uh-oh
like it happened I me to wear green you
wore green today I know you have another
green one probably we walked in and they
said we can see you right over here and
they brought us into this like room with
there's someone in here this is a true
for everyone yes this is it because
you're special
this is because they value their other
it's very comfortable in Boise right so
we just took a shower and I really
achieved his allergies and we're gonna
go watch TV
come on are and where we got any fish
well my parents got a new desk reading
but anyways mind I didn't care that
Haley sitting in and the question of the
day is whoopsie I haven't even read Gus
if you could eat any kind of food and be
that just for the rest of your life what
food would you be
I don't know cuz I don't really want to
get eaten so I picked like I'd be
Vegemite that's really bad guys but the
people in Australia I wouldn't say that
I'd be Vegemite cuz no one would eat me
I just be like playin all day like what
would I be carrot because I would have
one of those really cute little smile
and not little eyes without my little
green hair then Bunny's video how do you
feel about that well a lot better so as
you get up close to it okay so don't
forget to comment down below cuz we want
to know a question of the day is oh jeez
you could eat any kind of food and beat
up it for the rest of your life what
would you be bye see tomorrow see and
yes that was by at iFly best
oh so bye see you tomorrow Hey
Beibei thanks for watching
Britt Ailey
