how was your sleep last night
was this your bed oh yeah how was your
sleep last night
dandy well good how about you - good
okay so it's that lunch time it's not
work it's not work
are you stuck I think someone are very
badly
yeah and I pulled this poison to my time
music and then I'm starting rocking
yourself and I feel the pain away I
asked him you know you go home yeah but
she's obviously like not strong saying
it's not working and stuff so I'm
struggling I'm so like you don't know
what the a like like how stuck are we
like that son but not enough for me to
get my you can't get yourself out we get
hurt here with you son
bring the floor don't feel it don't feel
as easy ready go one oh that was great a
new one we want to job
yeah we're just hanging out today I
think we're gonna head on over to the
other house correct because I've got
some laundry to fold and you all are
gonna help know what just kidding I
won't make you fold my laundry well
thanks Missy berry cake doesn't do
laundry at my house but you know where
she does your laundry
chases oh yeah ha ha Thank You buzz
eleven oh that's sweet hi he says
sometimes alone sometimes he's a good
girlfriend no more monkeys jumping on
the bed
one if you're gonna do a really cool
shadow job that's how the song goes
right yes higher if you get gets get
those legs up that's hard to that but if
you say it's okay it's yours
thank you yes this is it Hey thank you
for talking about the kid it's yours
it's yours at all it was like mom chill
out all right what happened
the fan started or are we just like
taunting each other right now it is free
dance or is it then
nice job I declare a thigh
Oh winner winner Haley Haley
me too but I didn't know that was cool
to say anymore so what why you locked us
in there we were really locked in there
yes we thought you guys were kidding
we were really walked in there and I
want to take a nap clean down are you
kidding
they were downstairs and they called us
from downstairs in the utility room 20
minutes ago we thought you guys were
kidding
Haley your hair really turned out
Annie's super sad that hers didn't hers
you can barely feel it we're gonna keep
trying hers you got a lot of head Mary
Kate's got some red too well I'm about
to take a nap
so uncle skip finally went and rescued
them down there dad dad dad is watching
TV being antisocial totally loved it
we're gonna let some power here be
appointed him down there I know we
thought it was a prank now the dogs are
fighting I was just you dyed your hair
like real dyed not cool a dud red my
camera went so blurry that's Danielle
over there that we're talking to you
can't see her oh they're good
go is like really red legit red feel it
good
and of course the dancing stops as soon
as I turn the camera on her it's her jam
from a random and you don't meet ya mean
Katie or to do it
me encantan my grammar book yeah me and
KB me and Kennedy I just heard them
domestics and we're gonna go drop her
off and luck first well Bradley should
say Katie in me riders out even worse
than me okay and there's a personal
blade practice how do you go about not
getting chopped
she's speechless got back 200 stepping
Oh my camera hug again okay real quick
bratayley fans I'm not the camera hog
anymore so you can stop riding my booty
patootie about it right his cuz he's the
camera home now here you go alright so
right now we're dying to get a nice air
oh snap
my hair's kind of red and my poor head
is red oh ho so long you still got 358
love Danny
but we're dying it with some kool-aid
yeah and it's me see yourself yes like a
zero no do not drop it if you drop it
now it hurt oh oh what a really so my
hair is red can't really see it as much
on the camera her hair's more red but
she actually died it I just as cruel aid
but you know that doesn't matter and it
took two tries but I finally got it it
doesn't look as red on the camera makes
me sad but it's really red here it
definitely works so yeah I'm gonna go
like look at everyone's hair my hair
Danielle's hair chase it chasing the Tim
chases hair okay Mary Kate's hair and
Haley's hair there we go ready Daniel
for adding it's Daniels Haley's is head
nine young bring it come by hi geez your
face tiny my cousins yeah we got all
these cousins here and we wanted to
FaceTime our other cousins hi she sees
that she's on toe there's a camera say
hi there's Olivia sorry I am hey Brian
where's my pal exam
he's eating how are you guys hanging out
chase just showed us how to make it big
screened so you're missing I didn't know
how to do that I did learn something new
every day
hi Alexander what are you doing Oh Katie
yeah hi what are you eating eating Alex
are you eating a cheeseburger here's no
big he's - I know phyto
sounds like you Haley when you were two
my name is Haley a 2 a 2
Haley wait what's my name what's her
name
he doesn't he doesn't ask oh my my my
name knows in his heart he memorized it
no yes my so what time is it it's 743
what is it there we're in the future
Audrey the future is pretty awesome
you'll see in about an hour how cool the
future is so Dani and I are sitting here
doing a puzzle cousins are getting ready
to go to their house we get to call it
their house for the night cuz we got an
early morning cuz we're going to DC
tomorrow should we tell them what we're
doing Andy do you know what mommy and
daddy are doing tomorrow yes do you
jelly fish you will harm you wouldn't be
acting like that if you weren't deli
we're going don't me to tell them or you
want to tell them you daddy and I are
going to the White House to listen to a
conversation with the first lady where's
your now even talking about um getting
fit and let the her let's move
initiative is really exciting and daddy
and I are gonna film it what and you're
you guys are gonna go tour DC while
we're down there with your cousins on
chase
watch together gonna be super fun so we
could you she just yelled up to was it
she just did her press handstand Oh
so let's see Oh on the mat oh okay I
think we could count that Oh me Haley
that was amazing
look how strong she is you're so close
we believe you
very good that's a little bit of a slant
joy I am so impressed you don't man said
mister it's been a long times when she's
practiced them or done them it's harder
when it's completely flat nice Haley
yeah keep practicing there what should
be the questions day I know what's the
hardest thing you can do I know so keep
going while we're talking about this
what's the hardest thing you can do
Annie I see it she's so excited she was
so sad yesterday you can do right now
what's the hardest thing Haley is it
your press handstand or your mill circle
my front Giants Haley back handspring
mill circle and that would be pretty
hard
hey which one Haley you got a pick which
is hardest you don't know they're both
equally hard all right so don't forget
to come down below cuz we won no the
question of ticket is oh what's the
hardest thing and then probably that hmm
all right Haley send it off with a press
handstand Oh
oh my god that was so close
No
remove them apart show you the real
behind the scenes of bratayley I woke up
nobody's home
so I got a net I have to edit a video
and Cadiz had gymnastics with Annie and
Haley's over with her cousins and I got
a messy kitchen and a video to edit and
some food to cook that's pretty much it
so by myself
you guys sometimes asked for behind the
scenes so this is this is the route a
leak Wyatt house so cooking some food
for myself let's see now that it's
somewhat somewhat getting warm out at
least we can cook on the grill now right
so there's always that alright so there
yeah there's some behind the scenes
