all right so Haley has decided it'll be
fine
two shrinks well I decided to be fine
for Haley to shred some like please we
get like lots of papers like
advertisements and stuff good just put
it in the wall slot right in the middle
yeah life is like all right let's say
daddy doesn't is it fine
hello everybody how's it going guys it's
another beautiful day here right Oh
huh I mean beautiful right like dogs
running in the yard beautiful picnic
picnic alright so we're gonna do a
challenge with Haley today what Haley to
get a stretch out and I'm not gonna
spotter on the first one because I do it
get all warmed up
nice we're gonna have so much trampoline
footage I'm going to make a little this
week your gymnastics video from your
meet is up a next week I'm going to try
to put all this trampoline footage in
very good you're gonna step on your hair
let's pull the hair back come hang your
head out right here my friend lay down
just your hair just your hair all this
hair is what I need
lay down all the way down lay down
hello oh this is cool boys how's the
river cycle we pull it up deck at it I
gotta go see what Piper has in her mouth
Piper what you got my friend come here
come here
she's not gonna let me get her what are
you have in your mouth oh my phone's
ringing it's probably daddy it is hello
are you warmed up oh whoa whoa whoa did
you find something
no I went out here this morning oh okay
I thought you found a dirty headband
cute let me see it
I know it's a knees I thought that you
liked that headband had been out here
for like a long time or something and
like oh wow
so it's a clean headband yeah I know
he's chewing on like this big like acorn
huge ACORN and when he's a little
jealous cuz when he thinks like it's
food I know don't look at her Winnie if
it's if you can't see it it's not really
happening hey when you're peeking Winnie
you guys crack me up first back walker
over the day let me see alright you
could guess right
you can do it and if you don't do it on
your first try you just keep trying
be GG's chewing on something too but
it's oh hello
that is not something you can chew on I
don't know what it is but you're not
going to chew on that thank you
yeah just do it it was strong arms
that's what Katie said yeah yep believe
in yourself you can do this yes see what
happens when you just believe in
yourself
oh wait wait oh yeah and that was a
really good one
whoo I'm gonna go sit down by the water
okay okay to eat the whole acorn
no I scared you
I mean to scare a puppy she's trying to
talk me into doing back handsprings by
herself yeah I have to be out here with
you okay but I don't have to be right by
the trampoline anymore but I do have to
know that your I have to be out here
okay let me know if you do one she feels
so big okay that was fun being outside
on this beautiful day we're back inside
in Haley's room and we're cleaning it
and why are we cleaning it because it's
dirty that's one great reason cuz we do
it but what and the reason we're
cleaning it today is because Mom and ops
are coming tomorrow and this is gonna be
their room while they're here yeah I
think we'll give this one to them and
when aunt Melissa gets here she can pet
borrow Annie's for the night they're
gonna stay with us animals gonna stay
with us one night and then she'll stay
with uncle skip at the old house good
cop stop calling it the old house and
start referring it to is their house
Kiki Kiki can you help me clean this is
my buddy
all right so Haley cleaned up her room
yesterday and this is how she cleaned it
it doesn't look bad but now it needs
mommy and Haley to come in here and
really get it cleaned so right now we
are going to do and I'm tired and I'm
stuck in traffic fantastic and I'm going
to be late we are like really officially
late Halla wait
well we have four minutes to get you
into the gym and we're probably at least
15 minutes away if the traffic clears up
soon oh why don't you catch a little nap
okay when the car okay oh I see a
flashing lights up here it must be
around
oh I got you I talked to uh oh
is it that we can't see it guys we want
to see the way that's called
rubbernecking Haley that's what causes
traffic my friend well you can look but
the driver needs to just keep on keep it
on
oh come on Collins look the cars on the
other side of the road are looking at it
- they're backed up and I don't think
the wreck is over on their side here's
like what's going on rides every rap is
funny that my friends is why there's
traffic I see flashing lights oh I know
something is bad or good
Natalie now one of the trucks is moving
Oh what the hmm um what the heck oh
maybe someone got like pulled over two
cop cars two cop cars and Oh
after practice leo shopping I like this
one
no I don't like the cut of that neither
policy I like the pattern for me they
like I can't just mash to them
really yeah here's a white one oh wait
I've seen that one before I like this
one but everybody has it like finally
mommy
this one if you fancy a oh you did
school outside but that one's pretty
Anna you drop oh whoops
we're a mess in here can't take us
anywhere but you just
that was cool-looking is it itchy and
he's very picky about Leos just a check
right here yeah I'm just picking out the
ones I like any advance on a red flame
never we just got done gymnastics Katie
got a Leo I also got a lay-oh but it's
not with me because I'm going home
because my mom's Oh
Haley's at the gym right now so my mom's
day away but she also has my leo so I'm
going on with my dad and Katie yeah and
your mom driving me home okay tshat
guided me promotes and yeah this is what
Katie's Lea looks like it's their back
and yeah it was Thursday posted your
head go cupcake and it's the first thing
that pops into my head so now I'm home
with my dad and we just a ton Jess a but
we had some pizza you got this oh this
Piper beggin for some good god this is
my dad's home and it's like stuff with
peppers in it and then we got dessert it
was really good only one because I'm
saving one for Haley so I'm gonna do a
musically so right now when he's gonna
do horse per second give it up for a
second second
so her paw soaked yesterday we took
Winnie to the vet and they don't really
know what she did to it but they think
that maybe something she got something
stuck in her foot and I don't know say
bye they gave her some medicine and
we're soaking it she's been limping it's
red she's licking it Stephanie infected
and inflamed yeah it's her her left so
let's put her little paw and it's like
dying an easter egg no she actually
likes it or she didn't mind it this
morning when I did it
her little paw in it what if I soaked
the wrong paw I think it's this one
oh he's like it's like dying your dog
she didn't mind it this morning
that's we have a sit here for like five
minutes
are we dying her like an easter egg
how long has it been not very long like
20 seconds heat that paw in there we'll
just paint you all right Haley I've got
another job for you
what can you go get a question of the
day either the book or just glasses oh I
will scratch our thank you today the
question of day okay
what do you want to do um trim poodles
as a dog groomer or shear sheep as a
wolf farmer uh-huh you can beg first
Annie um shear sheep as a bull farmer
because it's so soft and you do the same
thing as Annie because I would rather
have a heap plus I don't like this smell
oh yeah
Oh
Oh John forgive me I'll have a look so
you wanna know got him today
it's trim trim poodles as a dog groomer
or shear sheep as a wolf um goodbye see
you tomorrow
potato baked potato thanks for watching
bratayley
