okay good morning everybody
it's 8:20 today's a big day we have a
little bit of an announcement Haley has
been really wanting to go back to school
lately so we have been discussing it as
a family for a few weeks now and we've
been looking into all that and all that
goes with it
and so today she is going to take a test
placement test to see where she fits in
make sure I think ninth grade probably
nice I definitely think you're going
straight to high school so no the test
is just to make sure that what we've
been doing in home school is on track so
it's kind of like a test for me to
accept oh you better pass I'm not the
one actually taking you on her path
Haley better make me look good I'm a
little nervous to see no I think she's
gonna be fine
but then after that yes she's gonna do
great in math and her reading and
writing is really good too so I'm not
that worried about it just a little bit
and then after that she gets to hang out
at the school with the first graders
do you think the test is I think the
test is like in 30 minutes she said I
want to say she's got 30 minutes at 30
minutes it's one of those self-paced
tests and it's also one of those things
you can't get a hundred on look they're
trying to stump you guys they say oh
nice Tom Fitch they want to know what
she does know but they also want to know
what she doesn't know so when she gets
one wrong it's okay that might have been
a second grade question that's how was
explained so it's gonna keep going
that's gonna keep going what if she
knows like third grade stuff they're
gonna find out exactly how much she
knows we're gonna keep going
what does she go to college anyway I've
gotta step up my game so we just because
we're going to do this doesn't
definitely make our decision it's just
part of the decision-making process or
the application so that's what's going
on okay
here's who I interned
two plus nine I know how you learn two
times three what she does this she's
thinking right but no she's just
double-checking herself Haley two times
three
two times
yeah
I don't know if she can do that but let
her think about it yes picture it in
your head oh you've got six two times
six twelve very good all right Tess is
complete congratulations
am i nervous you're nervous yes yes good
seeing schools make you nervous yeah
community question I'm off duty I'm in
gymnastics mode after we get Haley
settled we're gonna go drop a knee off
at gym so she's dressed for gym under
this I think I hope okay Haley ready
she's borrowing Annie's backpack today
because it was turn around let's see it
it was the closest backpack that I could
find I'm like maybe should throw her
lunchbox enough one side backpack and
that's how you imagine
you didn't say abracadabra is it poof
I can confuse uh that just cool no
thanks alright so for diction's is she
gonna love it
or she didn't listen you watch too much
HGTV well let's say love it or listen no
is she gonna love it hate it be okay
with my is she gonna cuz I mean not that
she gets the final say but if she loves
it that's gonna you know or if she hates
it I guess that could make the decision
that'll make the decision easy right hey
she's not going she gets her own locker
what's to decide
but you could have your own locker if
you went back to school she's good and
he's good and he's happy with her
schedule right now it's time to pick up
Haley pretty soon a little school girl
is gonna be sitting right there and I
can't wait to hear how her day went
daddy went in to go grab her and I don't
know I don't know she's gonna be cranky
cuz she's tired you never know what
Haley you're gonna get so I can't wait
to find out they should be out any
minute maybe she's gonna be in a great
mood cuz she had so much fun maybe she's
gonna be tired because it was a long day
oh no oh we'll see
there she is it locked her
hello my big first-grader how'd it go
good did you love it or hate it
are you gonna love it or list it Annie
said are you gonna love it or list it
earlier love it not you're listed buckle
up my daddy is jihadi we get in the car
didn't have it we get the car and he
takes off can you have the school know
how to talk about it talk about all the
good parts and the bad parts and bracha
law thank you tell me all about it I
don't get to know it's a secret whether
any bad part yeah
nothing bad what were the good parts
then Amy uh I made a night of turn on
you did you can put in a circuit a whole
circuit yeah Wow is the light bulb in
your brain that that one's that on yet
oh man if you were gonna sleep so good
tonight
all right the day is gonna continue oh
pretty much a full day of school is
under Haley's belt we'll see what the
decisions gonna be made what decision
will be made
I donno yet happens if you lay on Piper
spell oh I was here first she like
shocked she lays on your head
she suffocation we're bad man Oh make
your best baby might happen oh I think
you're on her pillow is what it is
you got my pillow hey driver not really
mommy hi beautiful beautiful beautiful
doggie Piper hmm that's good stuff
Haley's resting before Jim she tried to
take a nap but never fell asleep hi
snuggled up on the couch watching some
TV Piper got her chair or her spot hope
she's satisfied
she looks mighty satisfied good Piper
okay
glad you're comfy I'm glad you're comfy
too my little schoolgirl it's gonna be
hard to get her to gym but that was the
deal we made
go to school you go to gym after who saw
that coming I know I did I mean you
think she's gonna scare us again
Oh
must be nice to be so itty-bitty you
could fit in the seat and then and be so
comfortable I don't get that comfortable
in a car oh geez
well she hasn't scared us now so I'm
assuming she's really asleep
how peaceful I guess she really got worn
out she didn't even get up that much
earlier than normal about thirty minutes
earlier than she normally wakes up all
right it's all good I'm gonna have to
wake her up which might not be all good
just walk out of the gym and lookee
lookee what we see it's snowing no thank
you who ordered the snow okay so our
night continues we're all right there
you are
oh I'm right here
all right so we are Annie went to with
Arden to some dance with Miss Carrie
miss Carrie dance so we're gonna go meet
them at dinner really go have some
Italian food and then Haley and I are
going home and crashing Haley had a long
day at school and obviously fell asleep
I woke up did I tell you this at 4:45
this morning to whinny scratching at the
door to go out and then I had to wait 20
minutes for her silly little goofy white
self to come back in and then guess what
happened I couldn't go back to sleep you
look at that for I've been up since 4:45
this morning so my plan is to eat and go
to bed hello girls how was dance
what are we doing that is so interesting
more interesting than your mother the
menu and Jay did miscarry stretch you
guys I was going to say that's always
fun to watch theirs lives if you sweeten
the bar stretched you okay and we're
gonna get some dinner and it's gonna be
yummy I'm hitting okay I can't wait to
see it the same thing without marinara I
heard I heard but you never ate it yeah
we're gonna watch you eat it now that's
it Arden likes mac and cheese and pizza
we get along we would get along really
well at my house Angie can I get and
chicken nuggets I can do chicken nuggets
I haven't fixed chicken nuggets in a
while you're right
that is not true alright so let me see
the giant meat oh you already ate your
giant meatball that was fast
well it looks like you get a pretty good
dent in it hey there it is that is a
pretty big meatball I already decided
meatballs I really like meatball should
be bigger than that yes that's a good
size meal Ashley if you're only going to
get a little too right you expect a big
meatball not little ones how's your food
down there girls how's the macaroni and
cheese with a side of macaroni and
cheese that's so good welcome to winter
no Haley goodbye to winter thank you
very much no winter this is not okay
it's March did you get one Victoria you
got one yeah totally going hello I'm
walking into the dirt this is not okay
who ordered this garden have I told you
about winter Oh
we told you once you can't tell you
twice guys so we're not ready for bed
yet but after this we will go and get
ready for bed and then go to sleep cuz
I'm really tired
and Haley had a good day of first day of
school not really not really anyway so
we're gonna do a question today from
this or that book so milk cows or rope
bowls mm-hmm no couch
by hormone I say row bulls I would say
milk cows because it's easier it's very
easy okay don't forget to come to blow
because we're going to know the question
today is milk cows are opals by sea
tomorrow
ie baked potato baby
thanks for watching Britt Ailey
