hi little girl in the weather great
right now it's like spring out there
clean up your aim someone sent you a
book I love ponies you want it come get
they're trying to turn you into any I
think make you love ponies and only
ponies it does yeah Oh Bo nice and small
horses are pies right last night I put
the iscope and then now let's see your
taste is like a coke popsicle here was
it wait can you hold it by this bowl the
giant coke popsicle yaaaa
what are your big plans for the day I
don't know oh I don't even Navin it a
good morning to me even now it's
afternoon afternoon
anyways so it's a leap year drag happier
anyways so Annie had a very interesting
question she wanted to know what if the
person who started keeping time like the
years and stuff who was wrong hey I told
her it doesn't matter because time is
just a reference so as long as we all
know what that reference means it
doesn't matter if it's actually correct
it just means that that's a reference
guys naturally quite a bit like let's
say cuz today is Monday but really it's
Wednesday anyway today's Monday for us
so you know like what about if there no
one kept the uncovered day we
know for example you're filming this on
Monday they're not gonna see it till
Wednesday but you're saying it's Monday
so I'm supposed to be doing school right
now but I'm going to the chiropractor so
Drive
anyways and then I'm going to go back to
gymnastics
I have two more hours next
quiet quiet quiet of this house I'm the
only one home I'm home with the dogs
I've been straightening up daddy and
Annie and Haley or the dog the
chiropractor and it's so funny cuz
everyone's just taking a nap except me
I've got quiet dog number one I've got
quiet dog number two and why a dog
number three put herself to bed in here
watch this all the battery's gonna die
the battery's about to die
camera all died look I'll buy yourself
one pickle bed where did you tear it in
here all right we'll just let the
battery die
oh my goodness all by yourself on the
big hope ahead why are you in here
couldn't get up on the couch you need
somewhere to lay is it bother if you
move your foot a certain way swear
Cheetos jump plan
then when I go off will you push off you
push off the filler might be just
standing there
so one wasn't hurting today though um
there your head not springboard um oh
you mean like punching okay right when
you're punching off the beam right now
they think there's something going on
because I'm filming them well we just
picked you guys up from gymnastics and I
wanted to document it
wow I did I cancel making some laughs oh
no no oh
beautifully well cuz we didn't have time
oh they said that I had to work on round
off wait did you have time or you had to
work on round off song okay I did not I
don't have time to do more because she
said gosh laughter over suit over shoot
to judge misty mountain the bar nutty no
just had practice I don't you should get
footage of my heel
oh no Allah no oh the chiropractor fixed
it he did he did that was cute
hailey use your nice words a joke how
putting her shoes on yes you should
probably put your shoes on after you
leave the JIT or before you leave the
gym all right so we're gonna get a quick
dinner her fancy shoes fancy shoes the
girls voted on out back and then we had
to come back to the gym to learn about
nutrition so let's try this just in case
the nutritionist asks what did you have
for dinner like for example Brocklin I
ate my vegetables and I ate my protein
they vegetables in you're not going
to believe that but we're gonna go do it
and we'll take a picture of it getting a
baked potato with broccoli and a steak
okay dinner good dinner and to drink
lemonade just getting water water go
boys
actually I'm kind of thirsty right now
speaking of drinks water you know did
you grab your water bottle lunch at
Celtic Jim that's your water bottle well
technically it you know but you were in
tragic music a drink out of it and you
didn't give us back we left it at the
gym nice goin King I even said Katie I
put your water bottle right there you
like I I left my lunchbox at the gym but
I thank you not a fight he can end yeah
it makes so much sense yes she made me
climb the roleplay two times
Oh way more than that no she want to run
about two times because she she climbed
the rope to drop off bend it and leap
but for leader David I had a come up all
the way anyone to take picture idol like
ball walk to us so everyone have their
own poses and it's like some people like
budget okay for Aybar she was like okay
is everyone ready yes I'm ready
I think Katie trying to say somebody I
thought all over the pit bar and we are
also still leap into the pit but on the
pit bar there's this whole thing
inflated this thing it's like a old book
and I was playing around what we were
waiting and did a press up on the little
bar thing to Bob and she said okay you
can do that for picture on the chest
so then sit in peanut leaped and I
pressed just one I was like fifteen feet
man oh it's not for us today and here's
the funny thing as if Annie just now
realized why they were leaping she's
like I magically to a picture frame scam
now it was like anywhere dee diddly-dee
pick different Instagram well like coach
marriages right it was this morning and
Annie's like
junk done such can take those X's and
who those Andes is Oh makes me want to
sing that song tic-tac Wars take Tic Tac
Toe doors Tic Tac Wars could just be
throwing Tic Tacs at each other 50 Big
Daddy
one family with my cats game gets canned
coffee unity
you're eat your veggies baby
these are broccoli but she doesn't like
the stems I'm just gonna have to that's
what a true babysitter would do and she
took this day off for you baby don't you
dare do it out daddy told me to you he
really yeah she had to be a baby that's
a real baby for you
just a little thing along on our way
back to the gym one lever three four
five six seven eight
why - hey seven nailed it anyway so
we've got done um getting ready for them
we're about to ice and it's like a 45 or
something like that and I hit my heel on
the stairs and now it hurts something
about anything and anything missing
anyways how are you and your mom the
same is the question today alpha D is
sarcastic and I am second okay so long
road weird sex yeah that one and me and
my mom um I want to yeah we both have
eyelashes oh we both we both like foods
that our brother thinks gross
yes nailed it Haley
we both have curly hair BAM no no your
mom says not curly mm-hmm and just
straighten don't forget to cover down
the line buzz when you are low requested
a is how are you and your mom the same
goodbye we will see you guys tomorrow
don't don't
but a baked potato
thanks for watching
Britt Ailey
