it is such a beautiful day out that the
girls end of ups are actually outside
and it looks like the big girls are
playing horseshoes seriously the sun is
shining the water is sparkling literally
and Annie is threatening the dog cheetah
sit with me I will crush you look winnie
is right in the way of the throw there's
probably 60 degrees out maybe 65 it's a
beautiful morning and this makes me want
spring to be tomorrow
you know they can't count right come on
Winnie come on Gigi they buried it come
on girls
there you go you guys stay away don't
know crushing anybody oh hi bear come
here don't scare the people looking at
the house Gigi come here Gigi doesn't
have a collar on come here
there's people over there looking at
that help oh you're gonna scare them
away vicious dogs across the water
dogs barking across the water keeping
you up at night yeah is like trying to
tame them yeah we'll be like wow they're
really nice Piper come here
come on although it is keeping AB your
horseshoe game yeah
stick it back hi brother man yeah hard
it's gonna be for me to make you guys
come in and do school like super hard
okay it's Sunday but Katie and Annie
have a little bit of catch-up to do I
know you did you don't have captions
catch up to me like you will catch up to
this no because you have missed so much
school so I'm gonna let them play out
for a little while and then its school
time and Annie promised a fashion show
so that's got to happen sometime today
too
yeah if you like this 50 but yeah it can
be outside since it's such a beautiful
day they're all settled in doing a
little school I don't know what Haley's
doing she's prancing around here oh no
oh don't spare the dogs with that why
are you saying sorry after you sprayed
her on purpose now walk through it okay
now don't spray any more
less is more Haley less is more you want
subtle subtle smells not like oh my gosh
who's got all that stuff on you don't
want me to walk in the room and be like
that do you yeah you can spray me little
just spray it and I'll walk through it
come on guys let's smell good whoo okay
no no no the dogs don't need that that
could hurt their skin
no they have special dog spray it's up
there if you can go get it you can give
them each a squirt
don't fray it in her face and spray it
away from there you go no a sprite in
her eye your foot good smells so good
all right that's good perfect
everybody's all perfumed up I could just
pay who's not charity sprayed it on Gigi
I could just play along you can give him
a score I know that spray it away from
them yeah yeah well that's a little far
yes you missed there you go that's good
it was like she walked through it can't
let me out dog not on her computer not
on her face oh no not there I don't know
my hair bill do you really want a dog
spray Hey just like sprite from
firelight sleep Oh said not at her face
here to tell that a knees are on the
floor after her shower
it smells like strawberries are you
writing the plate guys
you're welcome because this dog spray
well I did it - Katie that means I have
to do it right now go comb your hair
before it dries like that I'm fine when
it dries like that and you have a hard
time doing it for your fashion show it's
okay I need you after school
I know and your hair's gonna be hard to
do but you're not you just started like
five seconds ago and all five seconds
you even talking to me actually I
haven't in three minutes in 16 seconds
8:39 Lauren I guess how long I've been
filming ready you say how long you been
going I'll say how long I've been
filming huh hey wait
wait three minutes and twenty nine
thirty so you were doing school like 20
seconds 30 seconds longer than I was
filming so we've got a lot of school
ahead of us hey guys so right now you
just had a break doing musically from
school there's Katie hi guys so we're
gonna go back to school and my mom's
going to get a slimy there's Haley fun
oh I'm have a two day sleepover which is
nothing compared to our seven day better
please take it away mo but today's good
- hey the big day has arrived the
talking in British accents British
accent my locket oh and the big day
we've only been talking about it for
like 12 hours but still it's the big day
here they are again Annie's got a helper
actually Katie's been appointed director
not just a helper director with this
yeah you could work with us all right
oh yeah before boy lately wait anything
you must pass so I've been kicked out of
the film shoot the girls want to do it
all on their own
I'm from thee we can do it alone yes
look Katie's been appointed director
okay and I should give her the director
hat yes must tighten it you had those
boots with a few things I think okay yes
it was with the dress is Jess nicely
done miss director I don't know why
she's asking me questions anymore ask
your mother question
okay I just want to note everybody to
note a piper walking on a close I want
you guys to notice how much slot these
girls are putting into this little
fashion show down to the jewelry and
accessories basket refresh again and
then just you walk forward yeah she
changes different poses and you'll want
to get some close-ups so you want to be
able to make sure that you can see her
whole outfit I'm going to move the dogs
don't worry when it's time so this is
the record button okay so you're gonna
and I stand there then like for a couple
seconds stand up with two feet and like
do like a kind of like subtle pose and
then walk forward and show you your
necklace and then like pull your hair
back you can see here
alright Piper winning GG let's get treat
come on come on girls let's go get a
biscuit Montreat Winnie come on let's
eat whinnies the pig and she's the only
one not running come now Winnie come on
Minnie here she comes
come on Gigi come with me friends doggie
friends this does not look safe so they
are officially done filming their little
Fashion Show whatever you want to call
it and I can't wait to see the footage
they did it by themselves and now
they're you know riding hoverboards
together
hi say it with just out the other let
make some okay I am so that would be
correct okay so what are you trying to
say I are both yep
this is one of Hayley's outfits that she
put together right where's the sneak
peek hey Oh Hayley's in a bad mood well
I guess I brought you my my dolphin Oh
so the plan for the rest of the night is
to eat some dinner that daddy and I are
making teamwork daddy's probably doing a
little bit more than I am what are you
doing
yeah of not look safe yeah we made some
skillet um mac and cheese Wow
are you trying to fix it did you Hayley
dropped her phone and water and the
phone works but now we can't dead and it
won't plug in amazingly the phone still
worked after it was dropped into water
so we're watching Monsters Inc oh and
hanging out okay dork you fixed it was
the right second it who's charging
oh you love daddy yeah he saved that
phone of yours yeah twice he rattled the
bucket on his life the body completely
submerged
she had a lucky lucky duck first of all
she's lucky to have a phone in the first
place she inherited Caleb's phone and
secondly she's lucky that she drops it
in a bottle of a bottle a bucket of
water and that survives movie starting
looks like a circus in here
hoverboarding Washington fixing oh you
should and disappearing girl Wow oh and
reappearing girls they are awesome are
you weirdos
it's like an earthquake yeah yes you let
yeah that's over the hoverboard
earthquake myth-busting
oh yeah we should explain why Katie is
here with us tonight
Katie's hanging out with us yeah whoa
don't drop the dog in the process
because her Messiah to the harem anymore
they gave me up for life no I'm staying
please no he should because her mom
again rather than bones are out of time
Brennan and and Ryan and mommy for water
polo and daddy for work what bit slow mo
yeah all right we'll check in later with
a question of the day I'm gonna decorate
my raisins
oh we're gonna mix and match yeah so
we're packing our lunches for tomorrow
baby figured it would be better it's all
right
when he's got it don't worry she's got
your back they're gonna be easier than
doing it in the morning and I think that
would be a good question day what's your
favorite thing to pack in your lunch
name three things huh name hello welcome
back to the video yogurt yogurt cheese
sticks and water Vita it's not Velveeta
people not to be confused with Velveeta
but Velveeta like she had said the other
day Southwest so Wednesday fruit snacks
Velveeta and one more three
yeah I said name three things you like
to pack your lunch
cheese's well I can eat cheese yeah
that fake babies goldfish the yoga
squeeze and a vegetable yes Katie gave
up fake cheese for Lent if you guys
didn't know so remember we talked about
it it's like 40 days leading up from
from Ash Wednesday till Easter is 40
days and I symbolizes Jesus giving up
took my Fang that's right Jesus giving
up his life yeah for us being so we give
up so you give up something yeah Katie
couldn't be up to cream cheese I
couldn't give up any all cheese because
I was getting with all cheese I'm MJ
realize that meant that cram shooting I
got a cream cheese baby I was like oh
we're gonna call it just the fake cheese
so don't forget to come on girl cuz we
won't know those questions it is looki
huh you check in your lunchbox yep three
things you pack light one ye yeah man
Annie's really focused see you tomorrow
take babe
thanks for watching Britt Ailey
