right now I am I was about this and like
really tired
my mom's getting ready bad no Haley has
the thing about no getting out of the
gym I'm you're getting out to go to the
gym until exactly the time every time so
obviously we're at the gym she's got
gymnastics and then we're gonna go pick
up the Anna banana that's the plan for
the day yay
I'm coming no I can't get rid of me that
easily my friends Haley's rocking a
braid
and this jacket reminds me of something
and I can't think of what it is
I don't know 76 thank you wasn't it kind
of rude yeah kind of funny how rude oh
yeah Haley and I were watching on
Netflix fuller house so we've been
saying how yeah we're gonna all go to
eat lunch somewhere don't know and all
of our parents will meet us there you
left early but we're gonna hang out till
like 2:30 so wait till oh so I was like
2:30 in the morning again
yeah well baby Phil Tavella dirty I fell
asleep at 1:30 cuz I can go to bed and I
woke up at 8:20 I woke up at 9:30 I look
at at 8:40 you guys were when yoga at
9:10 night in no I woke up all right so
we just met the girls at the mall for
pickup did you guys have fun and I said
rapid even bigger not wearing a tux I'm
getting the lowdown on everything that I
skated Richter is just like fading off
and you like cricket happy what are they
doing because we can't just walk walking
is way overrated yeah
walking is totally overrated I'm gonna
get one we have a huge number
we lost a shoe did you guys go to bed
last night um I've also got 130 because
I could go to bed now I put toothpaste
on you thank you they put toothpaste on
you play pranks on you for bones buggin
Arden you fell asleep first okay I
figured I know zigzag minutes oh yeah
Andy's usually the first to sleep okay
secondly so this is restaurant number
two it is busy yeah but that doesn't
look good very good
it looks like a long line here too and
you forgot her jacket I really is gonna
go downstairs
all right don't take her through the
water puddle there the mud he bumped me
you have any idea are you alright now
China China that's quite a scare
what have you think about it with your
boy she's in there her cars are sticking
up
did you not put her head through no it's
too big
Rochester big brain
i'ma get ready here you're welcome
 feels really good in here no
ha there should do you brush this today
yep okay in the car we should go to get
a movie - a movie happened
where aren't any we looked but that is
utopia would you ever meet that nice
nose Oh tillu topia for you all right
I'm coming down ball
why won't my son show you guys yeah so
hey what's your name say the whole time
Aniyah musically for having a fight yes
she will explain so if you go to pick
music there you go this is online
library and then right next to this is
my song and this is no sonic set you
have songs on your phone
hey funny if you did it I did not buy
music dududududu dudududududududu today
today do you did it
and it does help me write murder that
and any song called oceans but I I can
find oceans I take by the ocean yeah
it's um
flutterby um we take me deeper than my
feet could ever wander and my straight
will be very strong something something
something savior but i can't find urn
intermix minh said in other news Annie
and I are having mommy a nanny shopping
day daddy and Hayley have been dropped
off safely at the house they didn't want
to go shopping do the craziest face you
could make ready okay
yeah where we go
isn't it crazy can we go no now we stop
fighting with music I need to show you
guys a picture is it a good one
yeah does it mean now Oh screenshots
great jobs good jobs it will okay so I
was teaching chase how to do this Mary
Kate's chases ooh
this is how I did the Elvis or the
there's also this really funny thing
where did you go oh no but it's so funny
and that's here today in the car
wishbone without stupid people we would
have no one to laugh at take time to
take a stupid person predict further
what that I can't say it for their
contribution yeah oh and there's also
which I was very sad about unmusical
does love and country music and I love
pop music Isaac country but everyone
else beside of this my fellow French
Bulldog I hear all my single dogs hold
up AHA leader all saved on your phone
what you do you know you almost deleted
it yeah oh yeah that oh that that but
Nana Gigi huh yeah oh look right ham
that oh oh she's got big at bat looks
like Gigi oh whoops
why did you take a picture of that oh
five hundred music please
so I know Michael and I'm in a bunkie
and here my legs so mommy wouldn't let
me get one of these kinds of things
never like to fall asleep next I'm gonna
stand here right now at Kohl's we go for
cowboy boots
yeah that Annie all right there's the
shoe department why so we are home the
store and we have all these clothes and
accessories to go with some other things
for some events that are coming up such
as like playlists and things like that
and I'm really glad because right now we
are going to get organized because
tomorrow we are going to try to do a
fashion show and show you guys some of
the things that we got so right now I'm
like putting all the outfits together
and like making sure that they'll fit
and we'll probably put that because
Annie said she wanted to do it so that's
probably gonna go up on her channel cuz
it's gonna be all done by annie bananie
so do enjoy a sneak peek some of the
clothes we got now some of it's gonna be
from her closet because she has a lot of
keep stuff in her closet um but we did
get a pair of black boots and I play a
pair of brown boots so that it can go
with either you need a good pair of
brown boots and black boots so that's
sneak peak some jewelry oh she's gonna
put some outfits together that's all you
guys get to see you can hear the dogs
barking I'll let you hear the dogs
barking and here's some a Haley's stuff
yeah I'm actually not all of its for
like playlist like I got our bathing
suit and some flip-flops for the summer
so we just kind of went on some of it's
from their closet
here look at loyola close down that what
your boy didn't do I'm just gonna hold
it the dogs don't come over here I just
want you to know that we have monsters
over here I know
destroying look at this they're taking
this seriously I think that's gonna look
good together we did a fashion show yeah
you didn't hear didn't hear the big
announcement you weren't listening wow
yeah so Annie wants to film a fashion
show tomorrow and for her channel
cuteness pick their playlist outfits I
don't know maybe that's gonna be a lot
to organize I don't know if I'm up for
that maybe they can but I don't know if
we'll be like that what's the word I'm
looking for
yeah you can just say you can they can
just comment like what out but they like
the best we'll read the comments look at
this they have clothes absolutely
everywhere and I know what's gonna
happen they're gonna be like okay I'm
Dan I'm tired and they're gonna want to
leave us here and I'm not gonna let them
this fashion show better be amazing for
all this mess squash and wallpaper maybe
they'll grow up to be clothing designers
maybe this is just the beginning
did everybody ever notice in our news
that we have these for Haley no but I
saw something and I don't remember it is
that is that does look like a bee
there's several of them there's one here
Sara J it's all red Haley Fratelli bees
we carved them by hand yeah hey guys
right now we're doing the coin steak and
aliens over here wait where are you
anymore he's trying to get on brave up
so she can put him in there and the
question of the day is this is good one
if you were a superhero what would your
name be and what would you wear
okay gotta be a hard one my name would
be the age money and it would be her it
would be green it would be like green
with blue stripes with a eight and a
dollar so Annie
what would your Sabae I'm getting paid
your hero and um well what would it be
like would it be yellow and P would be
what color with yellow blue and purple
and how design that it would be with
flames don't forget to comment down
below cuz we want to know the question
is if you a superhero what would your
navy and what weight and what would you
wear ie Caesar more say bye to you
tomorrow bye babe
thanks for watching
Britt Ailey
