I had all this fun stuff I wanted to do
today and Haley doesn't want to do any
of it we're sitting at home apparently
so we made some steak and onion and bok
choy stir-fry and that's what we're
eating with some honey mustard ha ha
and Gigi's apparently walking a
tightrope so what you want to do today
just sit around the house being a bum
what do you want to go somewhere mommy
said you'd marry my hair mommy's not
gonna be back in time soon she's at
gymnastics
Haley has requested straightened hair
today and the first step is to brush it
all out and when I was doing it it was
hurting her so she's taken over oh oh no
just pull it this is my favorite part
there you go stuck this is my favorite
part of the not the actual brushing but
once we get it all brushed out the cool
thing is to look how different look of
all this frizz Oh
and then we goes from slick frizzy
frizzy frizzy wavy hair to straighten
long curls
yeah gent me to finish it yeah all right
so that's what's going on when he was
just in the pantry helping herself
Gigi's not up in her chair now Gigi's up
in your chair Gigi you helped leshi
no help brush the dog bucket root she's
a dog brush all right you hold her and
I'll finish brushing it okay okay we're
about halfway done with Haley's hair and
she's taking a break to like rest her
legs and stuff cut her legs were going
to sleep off sitting there but you saw
that the puppies were in a really cute
position um Piper's using Gigi as a
pillow
Gigi doesn't seem to mind you snapped
I'm most where we are about halfway done
oh my goodness you guys are sweet all
right you all stretched out when we go
back I don't get it yeah
yes mmm oh you're posting it on super
Haley sevens Instagram say shameless
plug yo right everybody go follow Haley
look how sweet it is nap time gonna
puppy napped I'm I wish I were you just
curl up on the couch and go to sleep
we're never gonna get anything done if
we keep filling this doll at the dogs
when he's bite her the new and I would
say improved but that sounds really rude
because she doesn't need improvement
Haley yeah Noel le anya herself ladies
and gentlemen no are you crazy we just
spent the last 30 minutes of our life
doing that i'll ask you an exchange
buddy yay hey don't talk it in it I am
your Artie arch I can touch your heart
he's a tease Artie um uh nice
ah here put those on my friends so Haley
I haven't asked this of you in a while
are you Molly no you're over that I am
le Anya or le hmm le resort yo le Anya
hmm
le on you and do you remember what le
anya stands for now can you get it right
this time
Hey oh hi yeah what is it
hi no hey Noel yay hey your YouTube
channel holy heck could we just a now I
mean we just um shout out to your
Instagram in and your YouTube yeah one
video yeah then we don't you here don't
you do you know where we got the hero
bear yeah whoo yeah
they sent us there this hero Burke has
we donated some of Caleb's organs oh so
that means Caleb's a hero leave her
alone look how tired they are
ah even go back to sweet I love this
thing when she cuddles with pillows and
cushions like look at her look at her
she cuddles up that's me that would be a
crazier house than it already is
oh my gosh that's adorable
now what's the first thing that comes to
your mind ready go bananas bananas all
right let's go with the second thing
that's going on in your head what's the
second thing going on your head
chick-fil-a mmm how would you want for
dinner
no oh just bananas for dinner
mm-hmm so I'm on my way to Ken or
genetic and I put my little Karen
pigtails
so I can L sleep keep my hair not messed
up my stream straight hair okay let's
play a little game um but what's the
message
so first I have a go here kind of
go-gurt goofball gogo squeeZ gogo squeeZ
gogo squeeZ don't sit like that remember
okay I remember who said that Caleb you
just say you have to say it like no that
was a long time ago buddy used to say
gogo squeeZ gogo squeeZ okay do you have
a camera balancing that's amazing I hope
didn't fall on me all right go ahead
what else you have not signed up I had
this little bar whatever they're called
um Renault Lebar are you up good good no
no LaVon I it's the thing and
dan I have a cool ice bag you know oh oh
boys these and these and these okay
there that's what's in my snack bag okay
that was scary
Annie's a lady of little words today no
I don't wanna stay and we're stuck here
while Haley's at gem and she's mad
it'll be all right George even unreal do
that making this up
so we're at Katie's house man because I
don't know why because I didn't want to
go home
well I didn't want to go stay with my
mom and they filming a video and about
to do our lipstick mm-hmm we had
calzones Hey a whole piece of pita a
whole half of the cow so that was good
stuff look Katie is changing right now I
think or doing something I think she is
we didn't do any school mm-hmm your hair
looks pretty who did this me but you
don't blasted the Lord Essex today so
yeah I might use Ian I think that's a
good idea
what you do in gymnastics at you're
proud of your chin could play nice the
question of the day is what is it cloud
Oh what is your baby set so one so one
is those nature valley oats and grain
thing to Isabel Vita like breakfast bar
and three is like the self at Southwest
Airline like whatever they're called
pretzels dipped in ginger ale
look um nice fruit snack is it's one of
those bars they're the little bars now
chopped um the s'more bars
I like those for NOLA bars the granola
bars thus more granola bars are my
favorite anything else nope okay bye I
just love snacks
I eat snacks every day he does twice
twice a day mmm anyways we're gonna get
cuz Hale is already dead oh I
a little Leo and I still haven't brushed
my teeth so I'm gonna do that and yeah
yeah I see tomorrow hey wait don't
forget to comment below because we know
the question of the day is what's your
favorite sack bye goodbye everyone
baked potato babe thanks for watching
Britt Ailey
