time for what a week I win the day and
on school my Manning and she's edited oh
I'm not even filming you filming my eyes
so good and Fitz is in your ear
so yeah I'm catching up on some school
and I don't know what I was talking
about I went to the chiropractic today
and how about go horrible really no see
daddy took her and I got to sleep in so
I don't know those he woke me up at
seven o'clock he did didn't go to bed
tonight yeah and he had a tummy ache
last night after we wrapped up his funny
cos Haley a tummy ache a couple hours
before before she went to gym she almost
didn't go to gym so I don't know if it's
something they ate but Annie's lasted a
lot longer birthday all right Haley
Haley that's they're doing some cleaning
of her room we should go see how she's
doing
whoa what Annie did clean her room to go
look at my closet and
all right the dogs are chewing on their
toys right now
how about Winnie can Winnie come how
about Piper can Piper come alright I'm
gonna go check on Haley the inspector is
here the cleaning inspector oh man
you're doing it it looks better than it
did before all the closet looks better
earlier I came up here and everything
was on the floor so now she's working I
guess on this side
woo you're tired that's hard work little
bit more and you're gonna be done okay
so I won't give you an inspection grade
yet since you're not done with the work
okay okay okay look at this we need to
find something to do with all of this we
need light get one of those pet nets
like we have in the old house looks good
we need actually hang that stuff oh my
goodness
see this is why I don't come in here cuz
I just reminded of everything that I
have to do pretty good pretty good
not bad not bad you get a thumbs up
congratulations guys yeah Haley's isn't
done so I heard yeah I was taking yeah I
was like worried cuz you weren't gonna
get much school done cuz you were clean
in your room which is important I try to
tell them if they would keep their room
clean and it wouldn't take so long to
clean when I say clean your room how
about if I keep my room clean I don't
have to do school No Deal good try
though
some more of this action going on this
is just what they do I need paper acts
like she's mad at Winnie but I think she
really really secretly likes it you know
I got it I win I win I win I win did ii
ii ii ii ii ii ii ii ii ii ii ii ii ii
ii ii don't do blue doo doo at the mall
cuz the girls got the i do they're
mannequins apparently got the idea that
they needed some bath and Bodyworks
Danny's out of lotion oh no you can't be
those mannequins because you're gonna
get kicked out of the mall darn red
broke bread ropes mean know about
staffing okay the girls pretty much has
spent their allowance here at Bath &
Body Works I think we bought the store
pretty much yeah I did buy a one thing
for me but the Easter candle actually
it's kind of like for Haley because she
loves bunnies we got some Easter
decorations in it mr. Campbell
yeah Haley you're gonna get all buzzers
I need out okay we gotta make a really
quick right after Easter
it's horse of course we need to make up
a horse holiday we're coming at you Mary
honey
horse holiday
hey I think you and daddy went in there
plenty while I was gone and me too yeah
yeah that's your whole outfit almost now
the allowance is done
hey she owes me Laos you're officially
made you might have to work some of that
off okay what are you gonna clean when
we get home
um I'm going it to clean you say my room
oh yeah cuz the room is not exhibited an
allowance how does a responsibility to
clean that I can't clean anything um
what about the time yeah and the dogs
need food in there
dog food Haley's gonna volunteer to do
the dishes the weather is kind of bad
and the light here so do you wanna yeah
it's been windy and rainy and look how
high the water is that there's all the
way up is it really high that's all the
way up to the docks oh so we have no
power the Sun is going down so it's
going to be pitch-black soon yeah that's
probably one of the highest I've ever
seen it kind of hard to see from here
let me go melt look let's go take a
gander oh that breeze it is pretty high
you scared Hey
ooh okay with all automatic on me what
do you guys think of that and I just got
home from the grocery store and have no
power to put the groceries away
like all the stuff that needs to go in
the refrigerator where Haley go feel
like I'm talking to myself we used to
play that game
Haley the cat oh you got locked out hi
Haley
I need your help attention fall in line
soldiers we're gonna get the food that
needs to go in the refrigerator on the
counter it's in the car still and we're
gonna get it in the refrigerator really
quickly so because um the refrigerator
is not running right now huh Oh
and we don't want to let all the cold
air oh yeah it's going way it's jogging
so we like good if you like the star of
the show spotlights on you anybody
wanted me to are you writing put that
stuff in all right said we don't even
wick listen when we open up I'm gonna
pull the old pizza boxes out and that's
where we're gonna put everything all
right we got any quick you're so quick
because we don't wanna let all the cold
air out go go go all right Haley start
putting it in yeah Oh running into each
other it doesn't have to be in the right
spot right now just put it in the
refrigerator okay
we'll clean the refrigerator up later
right here teamwork teamwork actually
just Haley work if I'm just standing
here with a flashlight in the camera oh
she's got it all under control
Oh Oh where'd our light go we're dark
what our lighting guy go that's crazy
how dark it gets do it again again again
whoa
I'll get eight I know I was gonna make
rigatoni tonight he just eats I could
just eat snacks okay sweet of you to let
us yeah the woods were so good
pata go we just turned the fire on we
hoping hoping that would get some light
and then the power game that God
okay literally we were out of power for
like 20 minutes and we were like oh yeah
pretty much yeah I would at the store
has it been ha look at her she's like
honey like it
jeez I can make dinner these people how
to make jello cops cuz it seems like
every time we go to make them something
happen so you guys didn't make up we did
forever with it oh so you were in the
middle of filming that Mickey necking
and I'm gonna start dinner huh not cute
Easter is coming
I should go in your room Happy Easter I
don't know about a candle in your room
why cuz I don't want you to burn down
the house thank you back so it's time
for high low and yeah
I think an app that you took a nap today
did she really wow the power okay well
let Annie eat we're disturbing her
dinner clearly we're having rigatoni and
breadsticks for dinner tonight
my eye is that we finally did the jello
cops video it'll be up salut
William finished it technically well our
one shot will be my lone right after we
get each other cups of power now so I
don't know how long it's gonna take them
down but my high is that Molly mops
party today and that is Manuel it's the
wind I just checked the weather it's
just the dogs barking at the wind okay
so she had a candy party and her low is
that there's some really bad weather
going on right now are we ready bathroom
why away and what oh we went to Bath and
Body Works so you had two highs alright
a little behind-the-scenes of how the
jell-o cups are being filmed
starring hailey the jello Cup Queen do
you know what you're doing over there
yeah I meant do you know how to do it
quiet on the set hi Nene
he's a mean director he usually that's
me doing all that stuff over there look
at him her we need my director hat I
have a director hat want to put it on
all right so do you remember how to do
this yes Oh got it
rip it
pull the unit cuff away all right and
then you have to cut it and if response
I'm gonna help you with the last time we
even worked on these was on the
trampoline yeah yeah
and obviously we haven't been on the
trampoline okay now I'm not standing
anywhere near her so I'm a little
nervous when say you weren't no you
weren't I was spotting with that but
yeah that was that's your left you're a
lefty okay don't forget I'm not standing
over there you know you just did one
what Oh nope you forgot the whole kick
thing
all right I'll stand over there follow
your hand all right you don't need me
one more yes when there well you don't
need me do need one more that's what I
said follow your arms alright you just
did that okay yeah yeah okay oh you're
not kicking soon enough your your your
wasn't out on me follow those arms back
look up you're forgetting to kick that
was close
hey that was good your hair got in your
way so it's hard for you to tell if you
put your head down but I don't think you
did hairs in a bun so we can see better
whoa that was a good one nice that was
it for Eddie that was for you Annie
that's sweet don't forget to comment
down below cuz we wanna know the coarser
days hello
can you go half look can you uh I
baked potato baked potato babe thanks
for watching Britt Ailey
