time for let me try and grab it
last night at Target we got the dog some
new toys but silly me only picked up two
two toys and we have three dogs I don't
know what I was thinking so right now
it's Piper's turn with the stick bone
and Gigi's turn with the red chew and
that leaves Winnie out but guys don't
feel bad because five minutes ago putt
Winnie had the stick and Piper was
laying there Oh miserable and life's so
unfair
hmm huh what are you doing come on des
pretty watch me watch watch watch what
do you do when I lay on your back way
back
so she go we're back okay your heart
just retching heroin Oh heart heart your
favorite side
did she tell you that me that yeah yeah
so you trying to grab it on it and put
it in your mouth
she's like a real baby hmm
hey Winnie you can have a turn with the
bone now she left it see you guys are
good at sharing
they must have learned it yeah sharing
is caring
what's the second person yeah thanks
Sharon is caring what we're pairing
pairing hybrids yes
pairing daddy sharing his steak with
Piper when a do you understand words
when he does understand like words like
treat love you say it loud and outside
why is he doing to you
okay we do here
hey what'd she do to your ears don't
like alright so here's the update on
Haley's first grade curriculum
she's did school this morning and now
she's down to three more days and we're
planning on possibly doing another day
this afternoon yeah you just had lunch
yeah tomorrow yeah - today and -
tomorrow and then you're done with first
grade okay
oh you'll plan on it are you using the
dog's paw to scratch your hey listen to
her noises oh now you're gonna stop your
noises music oh I can't get up she's
gonna fall Gigi and you pop up what so
right now remember when I did that thing
where I was on this in different club of
course every day and I was still on this
so and it's my next filling next what
what else is it's not only your next one
it's my last one last ever
spelling test now you should have one -
two more days left
this is your last thing on your third
last day after you've done with the
spelling test you have two days left two
days left this is your lab tomorrow
yep you know tomorrow's Saturday right
you still gonna do them tomorrow
yeah before Jim
you could try to do one tomorrow before
you go to gym you're good it would be
the same thing put these on okay those
will make okay know your spelling words
I think I think they're magic glasses um
so last spelling test of first grade how
are you feeling I'm great you know feel
like you're gonna Ace this all right you
know what that means yeah you're like
and while Haley was doing her worksheet
daddy and I rearranged the couches again
not a lounger anymore
what are you doing or the engine oh I
know I know what spelling test hmm come
on out you need some energy
Oh giggle oh did it crack oh oh no you
know what the quickest way to clean this
up is no let the dogs in they'll clean
it up and then I'll wipe it oh no and I
saw it coming
right before so much for the spelling
test right now
hey but let's not let GG eat it because
Gigi's tummy is like the big dogs have
had people food I sorry Gigi you're not
in trouble
I'm sorry if you don't see it then you
won't know hey sorry I'll bring you in
here and you won't even know what you
don't know won't hurt you I don't want
your tummy to get upset why don't you
just enjoy the nice water view
ech no difficulties Oh techno devil
teeth sing techno double D back hello
get up and they're trying to get some
more Gigi trying to get some more okay
all clean
good as new now it is time for spelling
test here yeah
all right okay good luck
may the force be with you and also with
you
right now words that your teacher says
that you want back your cue time time
make sure you keep those words um or
those letters down neatness yes keep
your wits slanted you went up you need
to make sure you keep everything
everything stays on that um line ladies
cup busted Winnie those aren't real
apples my friend no don't sit don't sit
down no that's gross come on like grow
some basil slobbered on it we don't want
her to sit I'm like it's bad enough that
she was standing I would have gotten her
down immediately but I have to show you
guys how bad when he is would you get me
this a candy from last night do you have
one
thank you would you learn which side
yours you're gonna have separate sides
nice man these scare me assorted
chocolates like you never know what
you're gonna get I don't like coconut
that's not coconut how do you know does
it say on the bottom Winnie Winnie
Winnie you're gonna fall get down you
are bad to the bone
get down my friends thank you anyways
our chocolate I like milk chocolate
friends milk chocolate
hey does it say on the bottle no oh
either it's fine I'll take a chance have
you had this one kind yet yeah here's a
hat is it good it's like chocolate with
chocolate inside take away oh no I want
to eat it myself okay hmm
five good the moment of truth eating
chocolate what are you doing whoa you
almost fell you're laying on your dog
when she comes back again what are you
doing was it good
Oh raspberry washes are so addicting I'm
going gonna do one I'm gonna fight the
urge eat any more chocolate no okay we
can do it Haley put the lid back on put
the lid back on don't you do it hmm
no don't torture me like that it's so
tempting okay we can have one after
dinner oh we should probably lock it up
Haley I am at the house Oh two hours
late from gymnastics and if you want to
know why I am two hours late from
gymnastics go check out Katie's channel
folding Katie and I'm gonna try this
gumball so I've never tried to have my
auntie good Oh which one you have and
I'm like oh you should um I eat the
purple ones and thank you good oh haha
the element Gooden's don't eat the
purple ones anyway uh-huh don't bite it
with your front teeth you have stronger
forgiveness ah ah whoa what's and I half
look and try to gumball what's going on
so you guys can see what's inside a
gumball it's like Hollow
Oh Oh hmm I have a lot on my run gun
ball all right put it my cheek anyways
and after we might go to a loft upstairs
no formal about that yeah we have a this
port it's really cool what I'll tell you
later
we're on the hoverboard right now both
of us it's not safe do not do my chest
hair but don't do this at home kids
what let's ride forward moving forward
press your feet and jog around
however more I got you it's no mascara
Lynette body booster here you stepped
out hurry I'm on I'm the other one on Oh
boom I can do that by myself don't hurt
your so I give this up at at a house I
knew so god you know I don't need a
dessert so anyways yeah we just wanted
to shave that down up in the law welcome
and we're about to set everything we
don't have that much now I still have a
desk that I want to get rid of the couch
we may set like a little chair up and we
bought this fort because we thought the
tent was too big yeah unfortunately
small the fort might only fit one person
one I don't know what yeah we'll figure
it out but I thought it would be fun
anyways here's before and then we'll
show you laughter before messy messy
messy messy messy messy messy and
hopefully hopefully the after is not
this messy at all but we'll see we're
going to see how long it takes it may
look very similar except for the fort
and a really cool lava lamp that's
glitter
let's get started I'm done and look look
down below
uh-huh I ended up doing the very end by
myself so I think I should give them the
tour okay or do you want to Hey
and it looks like she's about to fall
asleep
welcome to our first kind of with Piper
that's so sweet
oh my goodness the three of them over
here
the rules are never happy couch right
here or if you receiving up on you you
would fall flat onto the ground put them
to the at home kids
yeah I told them no standing on this
couch yeah yeah yeah frog stretch any
I'm the ante room
don't stand them first on the couch of a
lovely cow looks orange on here we have
your men tonight okay it's a first hop
you see whatever this is caught in TV TV
you get a lovely pardon blanket with
gold white and black Ingrid hey you help
and we have same pattern on the pillow
and then Amy you show miss Gong Paulo
this is a bold stripe Alan if any of
sleeping bags under
yeah there's a glitter lava lamp except
it's not really hot has glitter lamps
its glittering there are there but
doesn't have a light bulb in it just a
decoration it will have a light bulb in
and eventually heart to match this we
got it all cleaned up all the boxes it's
not plugged in dude do thank you
don't drag the stuff towards by its neck
he will hang out here we'll go could you
oh all right let's see how roomy it is
with both of you in it I don't think
your guys are gonna want to sleep in
there it's just like a Reading area halo
you can try to sleep there the question
of the day is what should we name our TP
Andy the question of the day is what
should we name our TP k alright see you
what um sparkling river River sparkling
TP TP sparkling river because the
sparkles I get it because these sparkles
these sparkles like sparkling river
what Sparkle nation you can you'd like
weird
I would rather buckling work mommy
sparkling river for our TV or well we
can work Sparkle nation like both but
you get a lot more suggestions as people
call me okay comment down below
smuggling River or Annie lemon up the
knowledge we are they like traps a girl
yeah yeah think of your own or you can
vote any witchers oh my gosh
for sparkly next-generation sparkly
sparkling nation foreign Sparkle nation
by II can II see her where she's doing
baked potato baked
thanks for watching
Britt Ailey
