time for look Haley good morning guys
this is the current situation in my bed
I was just finishing up loading Annie's
meat video and I had a sleeping French
Bulldog oh I don't know what she's doing
boxer and alert boxer my sleeping
English Bulldog over there I mean I
guess it's nap time in here
Haley's out in the other room doing
school and an easy ten and daddys still
in Louisiana so we're just hanging out
here and I thought it was kind of funny
that the dog is pretty much laying on my
side of the bed I haven't made my bed
today because F did a little mutt you
know my my look at that oh my goodness
she's pretty cute I think I like I
didn't want it there dog daddy caught
him for his birthday but I kind of liked
her oh you're a little bubby judge she's
so little
she's don't little compared to those
other dogs mm-hmm and she snores kid
like dozing right now monsoon my hair it
really it sorry
yeah well I got I'm doing it super super
fast because we always we're late I
pretty much spent the day doing school
yeah she did school and we finished
pretty much I can't oh yeah they're a
gentleman
two days of school and we went right to
the last minute and we're supposed to be
walking out of the house in one minute
yeah oopsy-daisy
Haley's hair is not cooperating it's
time to be washed but I didn't want to
wash it right before you went to gym so
we will wash it tonight or in the
morning no you can just put in a pony
I know
trying to get the end I know the English
don't like it you're gonna see those
yeah we made it to do a bun Oh dad I
don't know why you don't like buns
no I'm trying not to rip your hair out I
can see that sounds like it's very
tingly
it is very tangling I'm not using any
detangler today yeah because it because
it's cold out I didn't want you to have
a wet head all right so we are not able
to get them all out
do you have a rubber band oh no I don't
know guys I'll be right back
he found one we're back yay all right
ready uh-huh I think it's gonna be a bun
oh my a really cutesy bun if all your
hair up is that everything okay ready
bun it up all right can we go and we are
only officially how many minutes late
out the door two minutes late out the
door go go go grab your bag grab your
bag that is the messiest frizzy as bun
I've ever seen in my life
but it'll be all right mine is I wear
messy buns a lot she does
this makes me sad
he's over there making musically but I
can't because I don't have an update the
little bracket she's not bragging he's
like who's yeah cuz you're is always a
posts and my never post so when mine
posts in yours doesn't she's got it
because she has to brag about it
I never brag about mine post are you
guys fighting we need to separate you
and not do seven days you need it like
breaker so she should be how's it feel
to be home Annie welcome I'm a unicorn
you're a unicorn she's trying to do it
via bun a via bun via wears her hair up
on top of her head and it's super cute
no I mean you know but yeah yeah so we
have a plan of attack for the night
these girls are making one more
musically Annie
Annie's phone is now updated everybody
rest easy
I know she's been gone for like a day
and a half it was was hard but we
survived anyways she barely survived so
they're gonna shower after they do this
musically and then they have math and
yeah and history to work on a little bit
before bedtime
oh we have Vegas okay so we're gonna do
music Lee's in shower and then homework
and unicorn hair you know boys are scary
do you think in order scary I like
unicorn well me like I don't like
unicorns because they're mimicking
horses oh and then everyone likes your
courses I don't I like horses market
immigrants I will annoy all right let's
find it easily attaches our hair good
thing cos this is my boy wait wait Jim a
bobby pin open up I look like a boy no
you look like a girl with unicorn hair
that's breaded back good
you have to look you're going for and
you nailed it yes now you're a minute
late
so while katie is upstairs doing her
math I am down here well I already did
my um history
I'm trying gongshow I'm trying to keep
it my cheek anyways so I'm going to
clean out but not clean up I like
organized my schoolbag for what I have
to do tomorrow and after that we'll
probably do convey but after I do this
I'm gonna go clean up my couch and then
yeah so
what I'm going to do while Katie's
upstairs doing the rest of her school
and Haley what's all this mess my friend
what okay what are we doing
sundown my history book why can't you
just go upstairs and get get it yeah
how's it going up there H money that
good huh
so we are now really tired still brush
her teeth but what is this fool and I
did everything here's my stuffed animals
that I just did so now I can actually
sit on my couch and now it's time to
question the time which is if you could
be a member of any TV family which would
it be Mickey Mouse Clubhouse or jake and
the neverland pirates hmm
either eyes are like two completely
different ones cuz ones like animated
ones like an actual acting thing Sofia
the first oh no I have three Sophie the
first doc McStuffins there doc
McStuffins even a family yeah true okay
yeah yeah actually it is actually so
yeah doc McStuffins or what if I said
UniFirst or told me to hold one for each
row Oh like that show or Jesse
yeah I'm really busy so don't forget to
calm down below because we want to know
question the day is I
if you could be a member of Nadd family
which would be goodbye we'll see you
tomorrow babe thanks for watching
Britt Ailey
