today we watch this I'm gonna blow your
mind
push it twice push it push it again BAM
yes
okay so we're going to fill the run time
Philemon on the road
this route is great I'm not swerving and
moving up and down there's bugs in the
road
I'm glad you're awake enough to make fun
of me right now you're gonna blame it on
the Sun Wow Oh
yeah
okay we're gonna go
today in tomorrow
at any recording a Sox and I have to go
to Disneyland we might be going to ilium
and then our meat is this weekend that
sounds like a lot it to be a lot of fun
waking up early waking up early waking
up poor
I mean we're glad that we get to wake up
easily but we just be good enough to
wake up so early
so waking up there teaching Hayden how
to write in cursive oh that's not bad
you knew how to write in cursive I
thought they were teaching you there you
go watch out for imposter signatures
from Carson they'll be at the meeting
he's like I can do that for you
joke's on you guys excited appreciate a
little heart no not there that's kind of
cute though good tie it in like I know
how to do an ass like know it starts
from the bottom mini and Mini a
lowercase s okay I know Jace is like no
uppercase oh I don't know there's not
another one I haven't done one in a long
time I don't know what I can do um oh
yeah wait where is that the and such a
hand sign but it's like that it's almost
like that um holy cow now I'm forgetting
that's how I would have do it though it
has something right now I think that's
that is the antenna and the answer hose
it's a no it's a no this is Christmas oh
yeah I got you there's something at the
top of it that's where you come in you
can come in from the top
yeah I think that's enough summer all
how do you do it
your dad ship now how did you know
cursive why am I like breaking up is
this it oh that's the same thing is it
and sign the same no lower just yeah
just like that
yeah I know the lower and I don't know
why I'm blanking on a capital F okay
that's what I did unless you're me okay
I know mine is not like real curse of my
signature oh you didn't do a little
curve another yeah it'd be some do they
teach cursive curve down from our set CJ
really nailed it alright yep this is all
they do let me go sit down relax they do
all this
first like I got that oh look at the way
she took her Oh you count to a hundred
brushstrokes yet wine 230 knows people
that do that right yeah yeah
people that like brush their hair a
hundred times a night or something like
that
alright so Annie and mommy are filming
or currently they're on side of chicken
girls and Haley and I are about to go to
the Manny set so that you can finish
filming yeah I think this will be the
last film of this time there you go oh
well see you later
are you doing weirdo drying your hair so
I dried enough that's a breakfast three
district forest I didn't mean you could
actually do that what do you offer for
breakfast
or should I say lunch at this point it's
11 o'clock
pancakes it is Haley's fixing her
gourmet breakfast it is Sunday the day
of Suns put it back in its for milk we
don't have any right now okay so he's
ever done that my grandmother taught me
that when I was little if you put glass
in the freezer and then you pour and
then you pour milk into it the milk gets
ice-cold you're gonna eat those you're
gonna crunch all this that's frozen
pennies we need to clean this house it's
dirty
get on that wait how many how long do
you put them in there for
weird because it's like even up to 30
minutes 30 seconds it does not work okay
hold on wait wait wait so how long you
put them in for and 45 seconds is
perfect yeah I usually do it for a
minute see that 30 second thing that you
normally push
watch this I'm gonna blow your mind push
it twice no no no no the 30 second
button push it push it again BAM a
minute you don't have to actually push
it in if you just want to do 30 seconds
you push there and if you want to do it
30 more seconds you push it again you've
been pushing 30 seconds the whole time
3-0 stars
yeah you just push that one button and
it goes and if you want a minute you
just push it twice there's me how do you
want
oh hi so eat and then we're gonna go
okay just 11:25 early so we're gonna see
if we can
see Haley's friends maybe even start so
they say I think everyone else our call
time was later
hmm okay so I'm silhouetted my hair is
back here just wait would you literally
wet it okay so we are going to work on
the dance and then maybe maybe possibly
hotter college ends are good I'm gonna
go over to her house and everyone else
is coming Mads Riley
Kaden Hayden possibly people and we're
gonna have a great time I got like a
rash here and a rash maybe that's why my
hair is up maybe jump in the pool bye
guys see you later hey Brooke so what
happened I know my phone with right here
and I just walked over the entire school
I'm so high school
thank you for my phone until eanes mom
gave me her iPhone so I could use Find
My iPhone to find it
my name is right here and the whole time
just okay okay Annie do you have
something to tell Brooke no she told the
story no you're not crazy crazy it was
not here the whole time you got one more
scene is it your turn no no your
backpack was right outside there and it
was Jenna found dinging on your fine
yeah well all the backpacks are out
there not just yours all the people
could you use it on set right yeah it
was in your bag your phone see and
Annie's counting down her name until we
leave 29 minutes she's got one more
scene to film hey Leah
she's okiya 28 thanks for the update
yeah yeah she turned into a pumpkin in
28 minutes well he's hot he's closer so
it's like a depth perception tonight
difference because you're so much taller
than wait are you powered is power surge
wrapped after this rap okay y'all will
nail this good luck girls
no pressure about nine and a half hours
is coming to a close
hi that's crazy
Coco how are you feeling today look at -
strawberry what are you eating you know
I didn't know where my phone wait I just
found the guys thank you hungry tell us
what happened hey baby these children
are dying I have to eat a bagel that's a
wrap my friends how do you plead
this is what happened when we're at
we're like everybody get out everybody
wants to go home hey guys
so Annie and I are in the car and
Annie's owning French teaching it in
three so do you know how do you say the
boy something about cars
yes that's correct that's playsets no so
this is a beast
look at Sonya she's gonna be fluid
before we know it we're gonna crunch and
we're on the way to the country gaze and
we're gonna
Rica is my brother and Louis's there's
another or a barbeque so you're not
great stay tuned for that and they're
playing video games kind of confused
there any boys yeah so I can do it I can
do it do it
Tim can do it what are you what are you
little weird eyes doing over here
aren't you guys supposed to be filming
or something
how many more scenes do you have hailey
baby never asked now are you buy
together how does it they're exposed to
gargle it for practicing the French
accent children and you got one water
nursing I'm gonna get the dirty water
and then garble without water to see but
she swallow the water you may notice we
have some children with us
oh it's okay it's gonna be okay it's
gonna be okay cuz we're gonna do a
question of the day
we've got Russian Brooke tonight and
Haley is over at a friend's house we
kidnapped these guys now just kidding
but they're ours for the night okay
tonight's question today is bird girls
do you buy brush for girls it's what's
your favorite makeup brand 2018 yeah why
it's not alright very but I guess no but
I guess the point is is that boys may
not know that girls - all right if you
have if you're a boy and you have a
favorite makeup brand you can comment
that one and if you're a girl and you
have a favorite sports team so Brooke do
you want to answer both sure okay when I
hear make a product or brand
he said brand I believe you
yeah yeah yes we did it's not so bright
up there tonight
I mean my favorite makeup brand is urban
decay okay
and my favorite sports team is wait you
name something that you've heard your
Lando blues yeah yeah I love our land oh
boy alright if you would seem he'd be my
sports you know if only they were sports
teams okay let's just go to the Lakers
yes Annie you still awake over here can
you name your favorite makeup brand
alright rush favorite makeup brand oh my
god name one Chanel
they make makeup I know they make whoa
all right we're gonna let that answer go
and your favorite sports team yes to you
Annie the favorite makeup brand me break
oh okay what kind is that
you gotta give us one I'm not letting
you go to bed until you answer this
question I'm holding sleep captive field
what kind
oh all right tart what sports team the
ones who win yes I will accept that
answer
all right guys we um you know one more
day of filming and then we have some
pickup days I think that we've got to do
on but it's
I know it's coming to an end though like
this this that's this part but they kept
thinking of Wells because they probably
think of these like things that they
didn't get done anyways we're not gonna
go into that join us tomorrow and I'm
going to get these chillings to bed and
we'll see you tomorrow coming down below
and by number to celebrate thanks for
watching Brit Haley
