time for me good morning everyone
Haley and I just woke up
Las Vegas time so we felt or I felt at
least that we slept really late but we
really didn't but we also woke up to
three inches of snow that I didn't even
know was coming did you know it was
coming
have you seen the snow yet you have it
yet no you did okay see we can't really
talk to Haley too much in the mornings
because we are not morning people but
look look at that
what it didn't even know this was
supposed to happen take me back to Las
Vegas remember last night when I was
saying I was happy to be home it's good
to be home
well I'm gonna remember this it's not so
good to be home in the winter I like the
snow but I don't like that now like the
driveways got snow on it so Haley's got
one of her jell-o cups with water and
some pancakes and a banana a good way to
start the day off maybe later on she'll
talk to us we'll check back later
breakfast is over and we've moved on to
school how's it feel to be back at
school how's it feel to have seven more
days right oh my goodness we are down to
the last little tiny stretch Oh
fishy fishy but Shh nothing's going on
over here Haley don't worry second grade
here we come like seriously next week
well I think I'm gonna give you sorry
massage thing I think I'm gonna give you
like a week break but I should probably
order your second grade now
because it'll take a few weeks to get
here a couple weeks how's that sound
do you want to be in second grade in a
few weeks yeah yeah let's say bye bye
first grade
no I noticed you're still wearing your
necklace do you want to show everybody
your necklace got this while we were in
Vegas a caballo he is a little see they
had an H and I thought that's what she
was gonna choose but I said here there
there's an H and she goes nope I want to
see it's very pretty I wanna see it and
we're eating Pixy Stix really really not
very often do we get pure sugar right
it's red sugar by the way but is it
stuck in your slobber your slobber got
on there and now it won't come out
and we think Haley's glasses are in her
backpack that might have got left in
Miss Jill's car last night there's
another pair around here somewhere I
just haven't gone to go see if I can
find them because she's supposed to wear
her glasses when she does school oh I
think I do have a old pair
what was that phase about you gotta wear
your glasses till the doctor says you
don't have to wear your glasses mind a
route so we're eating a little lunch and
studying for a spelling test while Haley
is actually done with lunch and so she's
on the crazy cart and I'm calling out
some spelling words oh my goodness no
sorry
that thing you're writing you don't know
I can't think of the name right now
hoverboard
um so mine that we're on mind
um em I mind D in in and then what II
okay so say it again so you know I
mailed it okay random random one comb
this is a tricky one way home see oh and
you know what
oh that's come it's a silent letter but
yeah I know
e silent too but it's a tricky silent
one okay c om comme silent Lappe already
did the M it's silent just a random
guess what do you think it is let me
tell you yeah B oh no spell again what
code C Oh in B got it
now I think you've had enough and it's
time for the test one one more cold Oh L
cold good nailed it I think you're ready
yeah do it okay there yeah Haley is
picking oh uh Haley is picking up some
pixie stick trash because some of it
somehow managed to end up on the floor
so what better way to clean then to use
your hoverboard whoa please don't fall
you're making me dizzy
Haley and I are going to adventure out
in to get the dogs in this snow our
driveways been cleared and we're going
to attempt to do this it didn't snow
that much it finally stopped so this
would be a good time and then we're
going to go get Annie Annie did not have
gymnastic
I found out because of the snow they
closed the gym so she did tomorrow
should be fine
so she did school at Katie's hopefully
they got a lot done miss Jill
Katie Annie so we're also after we
dropped the dogs off we'll go grab her
okay
I like a plan yeah and I think we might
need to get some milk we were gone so we
don't have milk so we might need to do
that too after we drop the dogs off got
a lot to do and it's like 3:00 in the
afternoon so we need to get moving
cuz it's 3:00 in the afternoon why does
all bad I don't know just the day got
away from me all of a sudden it's 3:00
and we haven't done anything I mean you
did do school I don't think you quite
finished you've got spelling to write
still last spelling list of the first
grade right here ladies and gentlemen
1:1 spelling test right she's done with
math tests not done with math completely
done with math test
Oh exciting stuff going on just be
drilled right amazing and then my
favorite left cray-cray you're almost a
first grade graduate which we do a
graduation ceremony I mean you're
graduating to the second grade means you
finish graduate I think from middle from
elementary yeah she did
and John something like that that's a
graduation song they put a hat on their
heads a flat hat and they get a diploma
and they think they play that song and
it's just a ceremony because it's a
celebration of finishing all those years
in school like all of your elementary
like your big graduations like high
school in college that's like the
super-dee-duper
way to go ceremony Star Wars like me I
come in ah what am I doing here
I think that this is my graduation
before first grade and as I'll do the
river one why they're all this people so
right now the dogs they are bare I don't
think gggg was not with them they're so
excited zgz I don't think Gigi's in
there know that Gigi was separated
because they would have they would have
um Trump trampled her yeah she's not big
enough she prolly with the with the
little dogs I think she had one by
herself but Winnie I'm hyper were
together hey Piper
are you excited he's easy Thank You UST
Piper missed year I'm it grandiy know
you may not get up here while I Drive
cuz I gotta concentrate on driving Oh
hi oh sweet oh she's so cute all right
let's get them home easy good job on
your first experience in the doggie
hotel
yeah we're proud of you winner you're
such a sweet girl
nice
just to ride to Katie's house to visit
for a little while because Danny's gonna
stay the night again okay we're trying
to get to a seven-day sleepover and
today's day six Oh how's the schooling
going oh really good good it's in 57 and
you did your school day Katie's still
working good good
they had it straight up homeschool day
today
Wow so you've worked out yeah and
morning workout lunch and then school
and they are afternoon so we're trying
to be picking new music so they're
practicing some yeah oh who fancier you
play violin yeah she is this is the
music they hope to maybe possibly have
next year you're fine nice
tumbling pass I presume
backward roll let's just get the back of
roll oh that's fine
you're doing it right no it is not what
we should have said it hold on but um
but um but um turn your foot under turn
your foot under am i right if her toe
supposed to be turned under in a plie
plie finish yes exactly so we're working
on what we think is called a circle cart
well Annie does one in her routine but
on her knees so for the last like 20
minutes this is what Andy's been
practising to see if she can figure it
out yep and you guys get to see the
frustrated Annie is that you did two and
a half what looks to be this is the
determined Annie who gets very upset
when she can't figure something out I
think we got it see if she can do it I
think she's filming herself I love how
they find ways to like set the camera up
she's using a shame controller nice we
had a part more I think like I know what
I'm talking about yeah another thing
that's not girls those were not
cartwheels those last three those last
three it was very art yes feeling like
I'm not a dance teacher though Annie so
you need to ask Miss Carrie about it I
think I do not want know what I'm
talking about you can be a stuntman
watch a little Dance Moms down here too
hurt meals for that who did to show you
from realized that's how we were trying
to figure out that do the circle part
the circle cartwheel thing told you I
was your partner
oh I see Oh more dad then I want to see
this cartwheel Oh hurt me
hey I would just look at nice Ryan huh
really good I pay money off your
gymnastic family gymnastics challenge
I watched you started and everybody say
you should be Jimin I agree oh is it the
walk hug going on again oh here we go
ready are your get it together
oh jeez I think you could potentially
hurt yourself worse and slowmode at
least in fast know you get like momentum
going cookie dough guys no I'm not
scared out of the fridge oh you guys
making cookies to my yeah I see could
you say it right you didn't say and
eating them tonight yes we have we
bought one of those tubs of cookie oh I
get all the good video when Jill asked
Jill stops videoing Wow rapid fire dive
roll three two one Haley
so you know what you could do is you get
gets oh oh oh are you okay oh oh okay as
long as okay do you land on anything
gate oh my goodness
without your elbow is she okay so we
just did it impromptu we had a nun
Prompto idea I don't even know how it
came up but we've got 29 cookies over
here and we're gonna talk to a fan we're
gonna call a fan like right now look
like a nation we FaceTime them yeah
FaceTime a fan they have to do our
contact so miss Jill's finishing up when
they cry oh okay sweet so that the
object is is we're posting a picture
that says guess how many cookies that we
have left and the answer is 29 17 no 20
sorry do not learn a new clothes person
30 is Ryan you need that yeah sorry 67
well everyone guessing 7:30 14 no let's
say they were right you all right I
can't want to go into guess again I like
a cookie good guess what the favorite
food was hi Alec chicken yeah it got
high all right guys so we're gonna call
it a night
Justin grats to Madison that was like I
think the questions they should be
what's your favorite food yeah what math
100 that's where I asked Madison what
her favorite food is because she said
what's your favorite food okay favorite
food is
chicken chicken baked potato baby thanks
for watching Britt Ailey
