time for my daily morning dies what goes
left up here in the princess bed it's
morning and I knew that when he slept up
your last night and as you notice just
an ease in this bed this morning as
Halley's crawled in bed with us the
precious now we got to get this big girl
up
when he can you help me out here he's
gonna use your weight and usual your
weight to wake you up
Piper's left up here too but she heard
me fixin breakfast so she joined me
downstairs now she's on a couch okay
Annie it's time to wake up this morning
tomorrow we wake up and fly to Vegas
yeah we do we do it's true
super super early probably on one of our
earliest flights hi
let's go spy on them I don't think it
helps he's gonna break it
yeah
I thought she I thought she was gonna be
like oh you're filming and then light
changer it's like just kept going this
thing I'm gonna knock this over I don't
know are y'all scoping out people's
musical ease yeah see it's different
color whoa twinsies jingle yeah okay
okay have a good practice
Oh through the mid-south there's a man
how gay let's do the man hug but I
couldn't do it I can't I have the phone
Raju it with mu because I have a camera
in my hand our phone down
nailed it man hugs I'm really in Psych
so so so
case yes and I do like your cape I like
my know what's going on friends what's
daddy doing with all the computers in
the house so editing and uploading
editing and uploading I have a
confession to make
but I think you guys already knew well
daddy knew um so I left last time we
were in a hotel I left the picture of
Caleb in the hotel mommy
hmm but I went and fixed it you did so I
printed another one got a new picture
frame I felt really really I didn't mean
to leave it I felt really really really
really really really bad yeah we were
rushed and I left it um it was when we
were in North Carolina I left it and I
rely felt so bad so I feel better now so
while I was at the store because I had
to get that and some hair gel and hair
spray for Annie's meat like I had to get
the small size because we're going on an
airplane I also got you something Haley
was a little sad that I left to went to
the store without her while she was
doing school here with Daddy so you were
sad too that I loved Haley with you or
the or that I left you alright so this
will come in handy on the airplane yeah
sugar-free gum thank you so how are you
feeling how do you feel about going to
Vegas
we've never been to Vegas have you been
to Vegas
you tell you been to Vegas it's a
mountain Nevada they put their lips out
which mean God did not want to Vegas
with us this little break time is lasted
hours not hours but longer than unbreak
should so
move it back to school you go you don't
get the same cut everybody do the Caleb
owners never made a video him walking
like that he used to walk like that all
the time and I so guys comment down
below if what video what video he's ever
it was more than one Haley do you know a
video that Caleb ran out the room like
that I know he used to do it again but
was it ever on video what video Oh
so I think I know something about I
remember what it was now I swear I
remember the title of it dudududu
omitting alright we just got this cute
little girl from the gym and we're gonna
go home
how was practice it's too dark
that's the bad thing about this car is
there's no lights in here hardly well
there is when it's not shining on your
kid oh that's better now shine on your
cute little face did you get any new
skills today oh no me no we were
practicing what come on new skills
oh you're practicing on old skills okay
all right we're going to get your sister
and you know what's gonna happen after
that what you're going to eat dinner
take a bath and go to bed because I know
we're gonna feed you
I promise I'll feed you Peter - yeah I
know three times a day I'll feed you
your third time today and um then you
have to go to bed because we have got to
get up at four o'clock in the morning I
know when then we have to leave that sit
no our plane fences
yeah we have to leave it like to the
airport at 4:30
mmm so let's get this night finished so
I'm in mastics
my dad she's picked me up gonna go home
and I have to get back as early as I can
because I'm waking up so early tomorrow
because um I have to get would not have
to I'm going to go to the awesome Vegas
Las Vegas for a gymnastics meet
and of course we have to get up live at
6 o'clock in the morning
sweep to wake up at like I don't know
what for behind us right there is all
our stuff for Vegas and um we were all
packed up for it I just took a shower my
hair is wet and I always like to my mom
to dry it and here's what it looks like
inside this is my view and then that's
your deal ah I bet people are gonna be
commenting that's not a good way to dry
your hair it makes it frizzy
I hear ya I hear ya I know that but it
raised here one is very late don't know
yeah I don't think it's gonna make your
hair frizzy and I make Haley San friends
I bought maman so yep we're gonna have
to go to bed earlier than usual so are
you gonna be able to fall asleep
probably nights like these where we have
early flights where I can't go to sleep
early one I'm paranoid that I'm not
gonna that I'm oversleep and we're gonna
miss our flight
and two I'm not tired this early this
jail will probably come in right you're
like where are your nephew Gomez actual
just comes back amazing yeah miss Jill
and Katie are coming to pick us up in
the morning bright and early at like
4:40 in the morning this is it
that's all we're bringing that's all is
it one Perry I'm like that's step you
say that's all that's not very much that
is one carry-on bag for all of us for
each of us and one suitcase for each of
us one one personal item and one
carry-on right that's everything we need
and you know what's funny is this whole
bag this bag in a bag is just camera
equipment well okay there's lotion and
Hailey's eyeglass cleaner but um all
like camera cords and chargers and
everything that we need to make
videos while we're gotten and puppies
we're gonna miss you puppies and daddy
gonna watch them daddy's going to
Louisiana so hey it's gonna be her first
time at doggy hotel yo UCAN you're gonna
love the doggy hotel they're super nice
there and you get your own little like
I'll just say like room hotel them
Dobby where to get it for Piper and
Winnie share Piper and Winnie get to
room together Gigi's too little to room
together so now I'm all ready for bed
and now top the question item and here
we haven't really done it separate a lot
so we're gonna do today and I made this
question today I cut up because it like
no I it's happened to me before so have
you ever mistaken your parents like if
you're if you're like talking to your
parents and then your parents like move
while you're like looking at something
and then our another person comes up in
their spot and you look back at them and
then just stop talking to this random
stranger they're looking at you and
they're like oh whoops well that has
happened to me before
twice in Australia and at Target or Best
Buy I don't know which one but I won
mistaken this person for my mom while I
was talking to my dad I turned and
thought it was my mom and I said oh geez
my feet are so sweaty and these
flip-flops cousin heels that day and
they got I got flip-flops the day I was
like oh Jesus feel so weird my feet are
so sweaty and I was like but then I like
pretended like I was actually talking to
them like I'm supposed to be talking to
them that I like walked away and I like
got the shivers like oh my gosh I can't
believe I just did that another time I
was at either Best Buy or Target and I
usually like fall back on my hump on to
my dad with my head like this I fall
back onto them
my dad is still paying I thought he was
right behind me so I did that to this
random stranger I try to play it off but
it didn't really work and when I like
got off of him he was like this and he
like walked away and I was like whoops
yeah so yep don't forget to come down
below because we were - no actually wait
I softer roller clipped Haley so rolling
up to Haley I have we rabbit at an other
gym when Aires was practicing and I
wanted to stand up front but my mom
wasn't there so I I was like hugging her
but I looked up and it wasn't her my mom
was all the way back there so don't
forget to comment down bro cuz we wanna
know the question of the day is have you
mistaken a stranger from your mom
ie baked potato baby
thanks for watching Britt Haley
