five or what's going on in here is some
sgz learning something is she learning
about school and stuff
Gigi are you getting educated oh yeah
she's what's your big plans today Hayley
you have big plans
you don't what about taking your hair
down is that one of your plans to make
the school girl everyone it is Hayley
the dogcoin okay I'm gonna go reheat it
up and then you need to eat it okay yeah
it's not how it like an hour later oh
hey come to any
yeah
hey-hey-hey-hey
be house t-minus nine days of school
going today how's the chocolate working
for you mmm
so nine days you just well wait now it's
really eight cuz you've finished you're
finished with school today right eight
more days a first grade pop quiz
i scary you alright pop quiz spell old
hmm alright spell it don't look don't
look don't look
no don't look at the pig you can look at
me don't look on your paper yeah guy go
Oh does it very good dad all right well
then spell cold Chinese okay I'll do it
before I um do it on the paper okay okay
yes
ce o-- l d nailed it wait now I'm gonna
do one to you okay let's see if I can
spell all your words oh this would be
embarrassing if I missed one father its
father really a word yeah you made that
up
no don't fogger F a th e our Father okay
one more for me and then I do one for
you kind kind fine the finer kind yes it
kind k i ND kind sign no but your turn
wild
do another one no now you have to say
the word then spell it and say the word
again that's proper spelling he is the
one sound out wild W say wild W say wild
wild W oh no no no oh I'm in like oh
okay I WI it's just like old it does
sound like old wild l m w IL d me now
say wild like alright alright that's
good studying yes you were right if that
doesn't remind you of Toshi I don't know
what would do you hear that
so clearly hey Liam GG are taking a
little rest on the couch o gg life is so
hard I want your life GG alright so
Haley's got TV time I'm gonna go carpool
and get the girls from the gym and bring
them to their houses it's been one of
those days right mm-hmm
okay some super super exciting stuff
going on right now
mmm I've got a red tail
creepy fell down Dean Hale but we're
back yeah we did
I felt failed on before us I'm the
Olivia back to me man we both rock oh
nice and what live I had bars and did
strap are all day no it was a Good
Shepherd a mommy I did it put a row
eight in a row yeah yeah while I was
there watching and he fell on a few yeah
she goes I'm never going on that beam
again and I was like aren't you taking
this a bit far good not so that beam do
to you Andy no I didn't I lollie thing
it was boring laughs water let's
tape it with two legs
let's take me as an interesting child I
cursed the person who invented a beam
and if you're a oh my gosh I'm coming
comment down below I don't get why today
no I don't get my day don't have to
suffer on the beach who the person who
made it maybe they did it yeah if you
probably are narrow invented the beam PS
huh but probably a man who invented the
beam
oh so the men didn't have to do it yeah
smart new silly old man I'm gonna make
something up for the boys and then
they're gonna like hate that then dinner
is served
i slaved over the hot stove all for 20
seconds when I put it in my bowl good
night dad daddy slaved over I sat in
traffic with Annie with Annie and her
gym friends traffic was horrible
a good spy Sierra bad spy say does good
spicy is how the flavor is the bad spicy
is that it leaves a very spicy taste in
my mouth up what is this called pepper a
guy I just made it up the recipe like
the whole thing it's like this I think
it's fish chowder fish chowder
you don't even know what you made
you just you followed us she followed a
recipe all right anyways we do do
high-low cuz we're all sitting here yes
it's one of our favorite time to do it
is around the dinner table which doesn't
always happen very often so Wow around
he's making yeah he's making faces
because this is another table but all
right high low high low that I was
really cooking on my series there and
high after school I got back up when did
eight in a row
nailed it yeah think of something what
was the worst part of your day yeah even
if it was really good just somebody else
beat it right no rush and no pressure
Haley okay so no pressure but a little
bit of a rush my battery light is
flashing Oh what your high okay my high
is that um what is Q oh no it can't be
that I got to be dad I got to relax
today you get to relax right now okay
and your low hello Milo is I didn't get
much accomplished mm-hmm my as a few
things I got accomplished four things
that needed to get accomplished mmm I
definitely know my low traffic with
horrible and it took forever to get home
hi my high was I got to watch Aniyah gym
a lot better than me me fall on my face
on this year oh I don't really see any
face Falls whoa whoa you fell on your
face
no sure he has made it she missed her
feet that was it but did your face land
if your face lands accounts that was
like the best face landing I've ever
seen no it was just her feet so it
wasn't so traumatizing for me to watch
you should tell me without one they said
did you land it be like
on my face yeah anything is like they
eating hey I'm my face it's good thing
we got pretty dogs we did free up I'm
gonna get here oh three Brady ones honey
Jean to pee
who's the not pretty one being a winning
no Gigi's not the pretty one don't mean
a few same kitty here let's even get
them all to sit down at the same time
sit
Piper what what kind of jump was that
good girls wait Piper sit hybrid got
skill set Piper
no one said to sit pretty you've got
till the camera dies camera dies and
well we'll see you guys tomorrow
if it doesn't die maybe we'll be back
I'm here I got yours
that's whinnies first table scrap that I
know of
she's on a diet guys I know about hmm
now everybody knows one when he's too
fat to be a nice fall gonna be all my
fault my baby's gonna be that I don't
care ah come on you gotta bring that
camera down keep that calorie she's like
now I'm good right here Lenny would rate
should even do anything
just look at me like this joke don't
forget to armadale good little a little
a little okay run it now don't forget to
go below cuz they own enough kind of it
it is highlight oh no I
 baked potato thanks for watching
Britt Ailey
