time for Jamie it's the most exciting
morning ever like we get to put air in
the tires yeah
air in the tires and an errand tire
Thank You Bertie duper exciting actually
we're sitting in the more daddy is
putting air in the tires
what is Amos like the tires have to be
inflated and we got a little
notification that our tires were too low
and it's not safe to do that you've got
to make sure you have the right amount
of air in your tires sorry Hayley so so
where are we going afternoon we have a
few errands to run until it's time
fitting really my target and that's all
I can think of right now
we're gonna have so much fun Haley's a
little sad that Andy's not here with us
and that we haven't gotten there yet but
that's life sometimes we're going to go
get her you'll be reunited soon and that
Browns going to turn upside down and
it's gonna be a smile and we're going to
see your cute little teeth hey no
pressure or anything but you've got a
minute and 45 seconds on this dollar and
I really want to keep it to a dollar
okay thanks too bad I have a two dollar
minimum at these things I do that long I
have two dollars why I don't know
good going you have a minute 25 is fair
so we just get up there's Mia hi and me
Mia Oh me and I huh are going well right
now having a sleepover but we're gonna
do some music please a round dancin yeah
so we're going to see a movie J fill you
up my room this is her room
that's because I like I would hear
yourself and it was in his Okanogan I
just watch us it's a beanbag I love it
is that a good song got your jam I don't
know you don't know that song while
looking for some new headphones for our
plane trip we're going to Vegas soon and
the headphones that I've got are kind of
big and bulky but I don't like the ones
that kind of go in my ear they don't
stay I really like those but those
aren't much smaller than the ones I've
got those are these and I really really
like them are they all different music
are they all different music why I can't
hear you
they all differently they really good
hear you I was a kidding I think it's
different music yeah
we just got done movies it was really
really intense something else is good
and some of the parts I was like on to
me I like okay but it was really cool
and I'm going to show you guys her frog
keys cuz tuck here let's beat him okay
wait is it time to feed them um no okay
we could feed him a little bit like that
much like just one hey hey both hymns I
have no idea I have no idea
okay so right now we're packing up but
we still like an hour so should this is
good yeah I want to chop to have a drunk
and I like it
we went shopping today we thought you'd
like to hang that on your wall you have
makeup on oh yeah did you have fun yeah
what oh you're gonna be so long run you
look just like it can take you well I
can't do that that's creepy honey you
should have like bloopers on here first
we have those there it's called our
daily one yeah actually
somebody should like compose a blooper
reel for us I am back and you're going
home
yeah what are we doing going home just
going home and doing nothing yeah did
you have fun well that's too much fun in
one day so now we're gonna go home and
do nothing and people water well not
have no really what do we do zero floods
to be at what are we doing nothing we
don't have
Haley has a meet tomorrow and you have a
private with Katie tomorrow all the time
at 10:00 so Haley has to do the rest of
her school tonight that she didn't
finish wait what times Haley's me
tomorrow night right now I'm doing
school because not pretty yesterday
my mommy won 7-3 food fight more classes
left and any is and Annie saw her so
mommy's iPad pro and now she's doing it
and she's addicted so now she wants it
all right Annie
Haley's learning some multiplication
nervous drinking hey Annie brought me
that laundry yet okay the lot
there's our makeshift gate so the dogs
can't go upstairs and there's the
laundry
don't slip I would be horrible don't
step on your horses thank you ma'am
what what I mean what we do I know you
took pictures on it I heard you guys the
whole time the whole time and you let us
get all the way through that you guys
only took like 30 photos oh she's not
impressed by 30 she's deleting them all
don't delete the video because it might
go in this video and some of the
pictures might too so don't delete them
all beautiful look at the face Oh fine
I'll leave one no cuz we gotta show what
we did you can delete them after Andy
got a selfie stick you want to get in
this should we get in on this what's up
oh you Selvi lovers no fine get it away
from us I need a selfie stick
too bad take a lot of pictures on our
phone a lot of pictures how did you did
you just press it yeah you pressed the
spot right here
all right Hailey's teacher is holding up
a five times to flashcard five times to
flashcard she's about to try it by
yourself to just learn multiplication
okay here goes
here comes answer five times five times
two equals k equal okay come on really
give me your answer think about it you
have two groups that both have five in
them right two groups and they both have
five how much do you have
does she understand multiplication how
many do you have
picture two groups and each group has
five pennies in it how many pennies do
you have I thought pennies but you have
two groups of them so it I know what how
many do you have come on how many
pennies does she have in front of her
look this group has facts and this group
has five how many pennies are totally
there
all the big don't listen to your father
all of them alright but how many is all
of them five here you're not picturing
it I don't think you have five pennies
right here right and then another group
of five pennies how many do you have all
together thank you see how easy that is
you were just overthinking it so what's
the answer to the flashcard she's
holding up okay yeah so 5 times 2 is 10
10 don't you ever forget that ever cuz
she should understand it every time now
5 times 2 is 10 she understands
multiplication ladies and gentlemen
three dogs three dogs with four paws
each how many paws all together like
okay know you've got three dogs right
how many dogs you have there
they each have four paws right which is
true dogs
how many paws altogether
three dogs or you can count by four pods
you wanna count by threes or by fours
threes gonna count by threes you have to
do it how many times three how many how
many pause it at by 4 so 3 by 4 3 times
so 4 plus you wanna count by 3 yeah all
right you want to count by 3 so 3 top
plus 3 is 6 6 so you did it twice right
6 plus 3 is 9 9 one more time 9 plus 3
look at the doors sorry do they have 12
pause Oh count 1 2 3 4 on GG 5 6 7 8 on
12 so 3 3 times 4 is 12
good job and that my friends is the
beauty of homeschooling right ha next
one and then take one all the way Piper
you're not going anywhere do it no no
she let me see Annie turn around
Oh Piper oh that is so cute oh good luck
hey Sue Ann is at a sleepover and mom
went out and bought me some clothes
because we are going to and in London
yeah
theme music that I forgot
so let's look at
well do you know where playlist is love
yes Orlando right Orlando Florida do you
know when it is Oh got it
April 22nd 24 yep April 22nd to the 24th
April 22nd to the 24th so I so you will
be going to playlist April 22nd to the
24th in Orlando Florida I must like that
outfit okay so oh this is to you okay so
where's that so I can show you guys
oh this is adorable it's a dress and at
first I thought it was like zigzag but
actually Hayley wanted that for herself
but they didn't have it in her size so
she got one that's the exact same but a
different color oh that's cool huh yeah
twins like not fun yeah look at the
makeup okay so then okay we got this
shirt to go over to get over this shirt
and it says it says smile it's the
perfect thing that you wear Oh got you
some capris and I got you a little short
steed dirkly
kind of I don't know I know it's so
cool-looking don't have a shirt quite
yet to wear with that but we'll find
something hoping you know the weather's
going to be nice and warm in April and
then Hayley got these shorts
um this shirt peace love and glitter and
a matching shirt for you to go over it
go over go over you guys both have
different shirt underneath hmm and
matching shirts
those playlists is gonna be fun
bless you Annie put all the clothes
there no no you're not mosh pitting the
clothes I got I don't want to do it with
the clothes I loved it all right move
the glows and moshpit to the couch oh
that was one heck of a mosh pit
whoa right flipping it so now we are
done with that we decided I would be a
good time to the Christian day which is
I thought of it it is do you go in your
fridge or your pantry bar um well if I'm
considering like getting a glass of
water that's not really going into my
fridge so I'm not going to count that I
think I go into the pantry more for is
just like a habit if I'm bored I'll be
just be really hungry so Hayley what do
you say I say fridge because I only get
a cheese stick yeah
so we're going to well I'm in like
pajama pants but not pajama shirt so
we're going to get ready for bed and yep
so don't forget to comfortable Oh cuz we
wanna know the question of the day and
do you go in fresh fall on a pantry I
see tomorrow
ie
Beibei thanks for watching
Britt Ailey
