today all right I got her up we're going
to lunch and then we're gonna go to
Sephora good morning I'm in the bottom
bunk everybody and I'm trying to get
Annie
out of the bed Annie ahh
where are you want to go eat with me
this is what our conversation is been
she's been awake when she won't get out
of the bed and I'm hungry daddy and
Haley are on set they had an 8:00 a.m.
call time and there was you know huh
yeah so let's go enjoy the weather you
are not saying that bad all day
Oh God and bowling okay I kind of just
fell out of bed because it's 10:20
you've been in bed for like 12 hours
hey this is whiny pants Annie today
ready to get out of the bed let's go
walk to the restaurant for lunch yeah
get up brush your teeth we'll go to the
makeup store cuz I need some stuff that
you used all of my stuff gosh she
doesn't want to get out to go get makeup
are you going back to sleep are you
gonna get out of bed no not even for
makeup no Sephora no I need that
under-eye stuff that you keep using of
mine the tart stuff you know what I'm
talking about shape yep that I'm
completely out it's like dried up it
lasted forever until Annie started using
it okay so I'm gonna I'm gonna get her
out I'm good for little spankings
and we're gonna get her out
don't see you guys not getting me Lee
she's got a smile on her face not
happening it's cute how she thinks she's
not gonna go to bed today no come on you
cannot stay in bed all day we can lay
around all day after we go eat and and
go to Sephora no listen listen listen
there have something at 3 o'clock I
thought you'd want it to go to Sephora
that's what you kept saying don't
depends we are gonna do that um no not
day off
I'm so confused
so I just got here and there's a bunch
of cars here at 1:00 just came in oh and
another yes because I think they were
filming something oh you better be
remaini just got a bunch of new people I
know nope oh it's a sad sad day
well first off Annie's finally out of
bed yesterday at the airport we bought
this parfait and she just realized that
she didn't put it in the refrigerator
the granola is fine yes
no don't throw it in the trash I'm gonna
wash it down the sink because it'll
start to smell thank you all right I got
her up we're going to lunch and then
we're gonna go to Sephora we're not and
that's what we talked to the help just
lunch you don't have to go to Sephora
talked you into it
all right we're gonna go get some fresh
air
probably a beautiful day out thanks I
was cold and she got me a jacket it's
freezing a little bit aside and it's
like morning that's even worse yeah the
malls this way
all right we're walking down the mall we
just got done eating an Olive Garden and
the waiter loved us because of Andy's
shirt yes from Maryland ooh and he gave
an e I don't eat him so there was both
of us but usually they only give you
like one per person that is not one per
person you're gonna so that was good
yeah he like this I'm cold
yeah I'm doing this shade like me that
like that skateboarder okay
so we're gonna walk down to the mall and
burn off some of the the carbs we just
ate so
toothpicks battle okay gonna be a good
little walk we could find some Sun will
we be happier here here there we go this
is not something this is sunnier it is a
beautiful day but it's like mid 60's
today so in the shade it is cold
she was like can I wear shorts I'm like
sure Annie if that gets you motivated to
get out of bed I want to be wear pajamas
she's willing it will yeah so today on
the menu it Baretta for today on the
menu I Pat dried apples
an apple and orange and banana hey wait
innama ana and the sun is behind that
cloud so we kind of feel like we look
ridiculous cuz it's like 65 degrees out
and it's chill it feels chillier than
that right now because the Sun is
literally behind that cloud but once it
comes out it will actually be warm but
right now I feel like we're I'm bathing
and to winter no I mean it's not that
cold but you guys know what I mean
everybody else that's out here is in
like real clothes not bathing suits but
we're like we're gonna we're gonna stick
it out because I think the clouds are
moving that way the sun's there and so
maybe in about ten minutes we'll be good
we'll keep you updated or we'll see you
later I don't know which one oh we're
gonna relax for a little while and and
chatter our teeth are tea they're gonna
chatter out here in the cold and you can
feel the warmth already just from that
the Sun is about to come out how's that
Apple what ooh
it's stuck in your teeth you're trying
to spit aren't you no that's not going
out it's funny you did the picture of me
so what what I'm a horrible photographer
I used to be good but Annie made me
nervous
I used to take all the pictures thanks
for trying to sound nice
okay I'm I'm going to enjoy this work
there right now until the Sun goes
behind that next cloud and you need the
last lift when you have a curl I didn't
know I could curl my lashes like this
much I held it on there's like but um
it's a no makeup day just like yesterday
I have tons of makeup nevermind no
makeup day not like yesterday opposite
of yesterday oh these are cute what is
this it's his faith know what that means
yeah yeah we'll do a little story time I
only do a story time on blog hmm no just
a story time on just stuff you know her
story time is okay kind of onion look at
their squishies
this one is so squishy
look how squishy I wish you guys could
feel this there we go now it's let's do
it oh we went to Sephora y'all oh I was
so sad I accidentally um put the
triamese in my in the back so I went up
there like did you want these I was like
oh sorry so I went back to go get the
accurate product and the primer wasn't
there so it's okay I'll just I don't
have the shape tape it apparently it's
like only it's right you know it you can
only get at Ulta or something but we did
get this cute tote bag so yeah how long
until we're leaving okay let's do this
little haul little haul little haul you
can open the bag these are like free
samples this okay this is mine I've got
the foundation this is the foundation
got some foundation because I needed
that legend hands I got these in my arms
and all I had is full coverage and my
German foot coverage so there we go
that's foundation this is some setting
spray also mine as you can tell they're
all by like the same round I have a few
things in art that this brush for
everything because I got a liquid blush
blush and I was scared that my other one
I was gonna ruin it so I got a new brush
for that my mom got this highlighter
brush well I'm so excited about this I
have one on my arm but I kind of washed
my hand and I kind of hear is this it no
there's a heart stamp she's like I can
put one
I open it I can put one like here I can
put one here thinking but one here I can
put one here as so amazing I'm gonna do
it all the time I'll have like five
hearts no but I'm not I feel like my
signature hearts gonna be like here or
no no no now we're here like here I
don't know I'm doing me some what when I
talk about it like it's gonna be really
fun so there's that then this is my also
my mom brush were you also had this is
my mom it's like a mini Fanta Beauty
thing and then with a lip gloss or
lipstick she's got the hoola stuff this
is my my fancy beauty highlighter I got
this for free and then nothing not this
one then Haley was mad at me so she had
my makeup bag in one hand and I said and
she's like if you if you say something
called for time with trav you're makin
fag I was like no you're not I guess
that was me saying something said she'd
drop my makeup bag and she was like
nothing actually broke I wanted to add
my favorite highlight that kind of broke
so you got a new one of those there's a
little story time for y'all then we just
have like some concealer CC cream Ian or
a CC cream I don't know there we also
have a muffin TBT did you mean together
yeah what is it
is that then I have some melting powder
blush
she's like my blush and we have some my
mom's vol.3 eyeshadow stuff we have some
bronzer same thing like the like the
blush
my mom got some blotting powder or
something okay we got Haley because we
felt bad because like we were like going
shopping for us even though Haley's way
too young for makeup we were like let's
just get her something and then we saw
your faced rainbow unicorn stuff so
they're like okay this is this is
amazing to me got her some highlighter
and it's like holographic thought that'd
be cute so she can have some stuff then
um my mom got more of this that she like
the burning out low of this is my loose
setting powder because I didn't have
well I ran out of mine so and I was that
like just a regular Beauty Blender I
wanted to try it out we have some is
this yours mommy no this is mine then we
have these two things because I'd like
really red stuff right here you guys
can't see it right now but like it's
really red so I got some green color
correcting stuff and this is for
brightness so there ya there's our
little homie so I'm gonna flip this
shoes on where did I put them kind of a
problem oh wait did I go upstairs I can
get one upstairs huh Oh shoes
my shoe so I guess I'm just gonna wear
these fears yeah uh-huh
just hit myself with my own foot let's
go
mommy you ready put some lotion on my
legs then we'll go I know I just said
goodbye but I put some lotion on my legs
that's gonna move and it looks like an a
wha
mommy come luck y'all we're back in the
same studio where we did somebody's
heart and never had to fall in love
get ready get started sure so she's
doing like what's it called levels to
see how high the microphone should be up
okay so she's talking to the guy in the
booth the producer okay there's a new
song for chicken girls yeah and we're
working on today we're gonna let her do
everything
stay tuned record time 30 minutes it
took to record that and now we home
Annie says she's gonna shower and then
she's gonna do my makeup sure and then
do you make a find take a picture of
yourself first and then do my makeup
you've only got my makeup once ever
right I remember once so that's our plan
Hayley and Daddy should be back soon I
think she has to wrap in 30 minutes so
hopefully we'll see them in about an
hour because Annie just said earlier
today I haven't seen Hayley in a long
time and I saw her saw almost that's all
honestly I saw her for like ten minutes
last night before we both fell asleep
she came into the room and was like hi
mommy
and I said hi Halen's she slept with me
she was out she hit the bed and we were
both out I talked her for a few minutes
and a bit like how are you how is that
did you miss me
I like great too that I don't look like
a potato at all
how do you do that better I put my
tongue under my teeth and my tongue in
between my over here uh-huh
a little further back see you belly on
any level now it's just not how its
forced but when it's like real really I
was ripped and we laughed at her so I
thought there's a curb there wasn't so
the grab came away father that I thought
oh did it come straight drapes come in
laughter so I can take an uber because
when Billy hit that pole the other day
he went and claimed an insurance report
and then blogged about him hitting a
pole
remember when he hit the pole he filmed
about it yeah he was so mad look what I
did to our gorgeous new car hold on it's
it it's very pretty isn't it oh you know
he filmed about it I'm like okay it's
better now anyways so the card being
fixed and we walked out and we didn't no
no that's not even close she looked at
me like am i doing it okay and then we
walk out in the garage and I thought the
car got stolen because they took one
they took the van doesn't like the car
got stolen what do you what do you think
I'm like oh my gosh someone stole the
car what you did I thought there is
invisible Club no you did not really
quite like it goes like oh it's her
delight and then they want to
first of all no and then I realized oh
it's getting better we had it uber it's
a record today all right that's your
afternoon update with potato Annie it's
true it's pretty good pretty amazing
that's a wrap
so wrap on Haley oh wait okay you got
everything you needed all right you
ready to get home so we can go to sleep
yeah cool hmm I feel like an hour and a
half okay ready
oh come up here get my makeup mm my
what's the camera this is way too close
anything you did a pretty good job good
look at that did a good job looks like
mine doesn't it chapstick yeah use
chapstick that really looks good well
you have to look at your options in the
bathroom you can barely see it on camera
you never do you see it unless I get my
eyebrows waxed that looks pretty good
thank you
hey just like that's such a little
makeup artists I love Brenda girl that's
a good good job okay here's mommy
daughter
um what something called bonding until i
Leah
mommy was Ozzy took the bones away I'm
two minutes out for two minutes to go
you might make it back guys yeah she's
like I was just listening that daddy and
Hayley are wrapped so they're on their
way home this is what happened um
I was throwing a squishy and I kind of
decided to do it
all the way
got it hey guys we're cleaning and it's
time for the question LA cuz we're tired
and the question of the day is what's
your least favorite thing to clean okay
mine is my rooms yes mine is room in my
room because it's just I always get
distracted from my room so don't forget
to call me babble really I don't
I feel like I I don't so don't forget to
comment down below because we want to
know that question of the day is what's
your least favorite thing to clean a
number to celebrate
thanks for watching
Vitaliy
