so hey uh I have a new one look like
again later
oh and it's long-sleeved they swim to
yellow yellow it so we are at the gym
now and all of a sudden Korean ladies
you did get out the meat there they go
another day okay okay
lazy lazy lazy weekdays that's what
happens on these lazy days looks
climbing up haha
no let her do it it's funny now she's
gonna chew on her ear oh man
it's
yeah schools done for the day and
Haley's getting warmed up for gymnastics
hey why are you doing hands like that
that's like a front giant form on the
bars that's how you do front dance isn't
it no wait you don't know how to do
front yeah that's how you do a mil
circle though that's Mill circle style
to get that Mill circle yet super close
are you super close hey you're gonna get
it today yeah that's the way to think
about it that's the positive spirit and
if you don't do you in a containment
today yes you had vitamins stick hey and
if you don't get it just know that I
have something for you waiting at home
but silly this hey you don't get that
real circle today thank you what do I
get
oh we're gonna play that game huh
bribery yet I'll give you the biggest
biggest longest hug you've ever had what
what I'll feed you dinner no you do that
every day I'll trim your toenails oh no
one wants to see a gymnast with longer
nails I don't have my boob seriously but
seriously I'll fix you dinner and cut
your nails please please I will give you
a big thumbs up and a I'm so proud of
you now I toy or anything a toy why do
you need a toy I'll give you a penny a
pretty shiny penny no fine a shiny
nickel tours sure again
chores again yeah we should probably do
chores again we stop chores okay I don't
know why yeah
 on your bathroom yes yes
well I wouldn't you climbed on top of
them yeah that's totally me on anything
I gotta get a pictures out to my I'm
talking that's me I get over that go
this is hilarious oh when he's not happy
with it right now no you can't buy it or
gg
that's cheating now when he can move you
all gg gg you can't bite you can't buy
in jail good girl yeah that's a sweet
puppy yeah sweep up mmm I love her
duties like time so does yeah change it
and pipe wait wait was their names I
can't remember I can't keep the free
dog's name straight shouldn't even have
another one agreed
been told to turn this on are you in a
pageant new leo daddy bought the girls
new Leo's I am like stuck so I can't
really feel right I've got no arm
because I've got a sleeping puppy so we
are at Target we did a little quick trip
after my gymnastics and we came with
locked up but of course is nothing but
for two different stores of course
there's nothing the locker things the
gym so yeah some not doing that but I
Det we thought was a little light there
like actually
thing that you sad no we order it that's
not the end of the world I'm teaching
Annie about patience sometimes you don't
or most the time you don't get what you
want right when you want it you take
that because the car is going you've got
to be patient and you don't always what
you want doesn't always appear in front
of you we tried but I can't resist
neither the stories that we Lynch it's
because it's not back to school back to
school days you're gonna find all that
kind of stuff
but people are still in school and they
already have all their stuff they need
for their locker and what made you want
to put some in your locker in the middle
of the year she has a locker at gym PS
oh no that was explained um
she wants to organize it
what made you want to organize your
locker that you've had for several
months now mmm
all right mmm typical tween answer
please your tween actually I don't
technically no do you know when does one
become go from tween to preteen hmm
Wendy become a preteen preteen 12 12 so
you're only a preteen for one year
you're only a tween for one year cuz I
would think a tween would be like 9 to
no I say 10 years old 10 to 11 after 10
after 10 you're a tween and a preteen is
12 and then the T is the teeth mm-hmm
all right I can go with that
and as we wait for hailey to get out of
gym annie mentions that she hurt herself
jump-roping today on the beam right you
just can't catch a break with your feet
the hurt bad hey can we smile today no
smiles today how about a little tiny
smile I would like then really bad
attempt to smile like here develop
breathe no right there no I know what'll
make you smile but I think Katie's
sleeping over tonight remember see cuz
you guys have a field trip tomorrow so
we're only two villagers kinda
chick-fil-a chick-fil-a tour and like
rock climbing on not just regular like a
walk a walk wall rock wall be fun
they should definitely tune in tomorrow
to see some cool rock climbing rock
climbing footage your quilter my fave
air quotes are my babe
it doesn't hurt you're sitting here for
over walking don't walk
stay off of it Bruce to me look you
already love right there you don't see a
bruise there oh yeah hey my de Bru's de
did you hit the beam Oh so what could be
it could be a beam says it cannot stand
on that are you pretending like this is
Jeff roping and then my foot like went
like that Dalton flip but instead of
like falling this way I decided to try
to stay on the beam because that's
higher sprained right oh and now a fly
you your father's calling me so kinda me
take this hello hola um filmin Salman
come on Annie did you read this one I
did oh my god oh my god
hi as you can see we're icing two feet
ah for Peter come for coffee my so since
you're barely calm because I think
you're getting used to this I want to
bring you your school book no and you
couldn't work on squeal while you're
sitting here what oh you're gonna
pretend to cry don't let something fall
in the water
I started that you started I think
you're gonna survive I'm definitely not
gonna survive I never did a school after
this yes you are
did I miss you all oh yes you are
you can't do school while you stay here
nice no it hurts too much
you stop it until you stick don't fight
don't drop that the water who wear it
keep playing it don't fall
oh there it is
we can move you up let's get going the
wrong way
all right so how skilled are you not
very I think that looks warm this
I feel like Iron Man you're so original
hero like please tell my face is this
girl I know there's like unlimited like
shuffle skinny buddy bill we're gonna
sit here and laugh at it
what better can't be hurt I can't use my
feet when you're done all right so these
girlies are gonna do some school and
Haley is getting ready for bed and then
she's gonna do school and we'll probably
check back in when it's time for
question of the day so I'm inside you
and have all this stuff in it so I did I
guess you can't look at my handwriting
your handwriting bad ausangate I mean
that gave me that now have a red folder
so the question of the day is gonna have
to be like naming the naming the things
you have in your binder because they
can't really show us mm-hmm I wasn't
attacked where's my kid is it with tic
math range totally penmanship spelling
history
you're a giant it's pretty much what are
your classes that you have in your
binder oh my god nearly as pretty
color-coordinated but Wow awesome papers
and it's only a really huge because I
stuffed this Wow listen man Wow it
normally looks like this okay that's not
as bad that's amazing that all that can
fit in there yeah and there's that's
what you have see how yeah yeah remember
when I was parked during up there to get
quiet good do it quiet like you like to
try to close it quieter cuz everybody
every time she closed that people would
be like what oh you're right so hard
I think I'm reading science history
grammar and geography in here and then
for other stuff I have twin hands
oh my math isn't in here and this isn't
in here an ele yeah yes tell me is that
I'm here we go ahead just one two three
four five six seven
yep please all your subjects Oh in art
history which is art history art is Riza
art its yes your pardon I'm going to
make art for art art oh yeah oh yeah all
right
yeah rithmetic
yeah yeah yeah
and this is my fave an empty pencil
pouch amazing and I am yeah really
really true all right
oh and Piper's I chicken my first binder
has a chicken in it man that's right
Yoel school oh I broke with pencil on my
forehead today she had once and it break
up
yes ebony not wanted oh how do you feel
about mechanical pencils because I can't
find any regular oh here the pencil this
is my pencil Oh could you want to break
it
oh now I'm following your pencil
heartburn yeah that's all I need oh she
did that slow today like I was like how
girl do you do you think your mom's
gonna be when he sees how all these
broken oh she was so proud yeah she was
like oh you you show me yes I'm you're
filming
yeah BAM got that footage look it back
together it's duct tape it there's some
tape right there yeah I'd be pretty Oh
Danny she can borrow some Annie sharing
is caring and her pencil needs some
caring care all right that's enough fun
for the day you'll have to tune in
tomorrow for some more fun
we'll see it tomorrow
potato baked potato baby thanks for
watching
Britt Ailey
