time for my tally all right we literally
just got the girls out of the bed so
that's what the sleepy faces are all
about but we wanted to show them guys I
didn't test one last night for the
coming for the good gel cops jello cups
I did test one a small one the test and
look cool food so what do you think
Haley did it work yeah you guys want to
sit put it down it's all squeezed it
yeah
take your medicine love it you take your
medicine with it now kind of told us
that weird do you wanna take a sip I
know you like milk but I know if we want
to put milk in there so again if you
guys want to learn to make these now
that we know we can make them I think
we're gonna make a video up on le anya's
channel the one and only le on yeah
right there and Annie gymnastics meet
video is gonna be up soon on acro Anna
can't give one a shout-out without
giving the other one a shout out why
they're parked in a trial many ways oh
all right so Haley we're doing a little
bit of an experiment here I've separated
her chicken into dark meat and white
meat and she's got a jello Cup with
water in it you gotta go see her channel
if you want to know how to make that
she's gonna eat that too and let's see
which one she likes better so try a
little bite of dark meat and then a
little bite of white or wipe me first
that's fine light me first take a bite
there ya go
- that up Bebo Bebo okay like dark me
better
okay alright your drinks on that jello
Cup now be careful with it oh it's so
jiggly
yay alright when she's done drinking
that she's gonna eat it so I'll turn it
back on there yeah
okay she's about to take a bite it's a
goat I'm on the jello Cup we're not sure
how this is gonna taste it's got a lot
of gelatin in it so let's see take a big
bite mmm that's really good find us Oh
tastes like gelatin it's weird
oh my gosh she ate a cup wait am i buy
time see it's hot what's that what's the
verdict is it good yeah watch this
that's like those big gummy bears we got
but it's like rubber mm-hmm like it
doesn't taste like rubber it's like it's
when you maybe that's what the car tyre
tastes like good try it
no all right time to start school ah by
Gillette are you done eating
yeah okay you go start school hi see you
later they do a little stretchy stretc
oh yeah we only have five second I think
she was exaggerating by five seconds
I don't thank you yeah she was cuz I
heard some girlies weren't getting
anything done at school so coach married
like five-second break that's it we're
letting them stretch I don't think
anybody said one word except like can I
borrow a pencil or can you hand me that
so very pass or when somebody dropped
something we'd be like one of those kids
were yeah they do
or when I actually turn the / Haley
video on kind of checking comments and
it was really well but that's about it
they were quiet for a whole hour when we
were saying yeah there's kids in the
hall that were loud like yeah ah I've
had computer problems and it was cute
man yeah it felt like my hands are like
alright tell you what you should rush
them back so tell me when you think the
ground is okay coming and I just you
little more I've got it to do but if you
let them down I would like a minute yeah
okay mommy I've slowed them down
yeah so let you lick your ground so she
knows the ground to the ground right
partner
but then she falls like this much more
and it feels like a holiday
why have you right here next one more
minute for hair and stretching like me
look like if she could go to sleep I
almost fell asleep so they are right
here in no life hey nice seat back there
huh
oh my seat your horsies can't see it
there it is right night wait there it is
I'm the carpool today tolerate ha the
chauffeur I should find George
I drank Lago yeah they never know who's
driving home I am
they're like where would you ladies like
to go this evening um chick-fil-a elite
about Sunday so yes we have a sleepover
we sure like wait you're home once a day
and chick flicks clothes we always drive
home from our like little driveways on
Sunday and I can never get chick flick
cook it's always closed
you know why it's closed on Sundays
because the guy who started chick-fil-a
was religious so we believe that I want
you to have my dad told me this we
believe everyone should have a day off I
also have on the seventh day we rested
well he rested on the seventh day he
rested so we get to rest yep
not really huh not really I get to do
school get to school all right so all I
know where I'm gonna take you guys hey I
was I'm gonna take you home and you home
and you home and then we'll see you guys
tomorrow I know I thought you're gonna
take is like skydiving I have to take
you home because your mommies would get
mad at me if I didn't
could I bet you guys have school today
right about to Canada and you can run
too can't run away to Canada
yeah and then we make fake names and
that would your fake name be Patricia
Patricia um Jaime black Jaime black not
Gary petunia and chickadee oh and on
that might be I love you girl yeah I
know I'll be I have to make it like a
girl's name Gary licious petunia it
petite 14 June so welcome to dinner
three kisses for Annie we could go home
cuz we haven't been there all day
GG your planner got here she ordered she
ordered a planner and it got here like
something - hello - write your plans in
for the day nope
plus your second and third now you have
two things organizing your gym bag
switching your competition bag your gym
bag thank you thank you - sad love doing
this and yeah no remember that one was a
glass - do you do
what are you going to do for me if I
take you to five below I will I get like
as a massage a good deal barber London
that breakfast in bed
I don't like breakfast can it be like
lunch and head I'll go back to bed
red-eye I'll go back to bed Wow
otherwise I brought we bought your card
so I think you know no no one of our
good Netherlands Oh shake on it Annie
vannie
nobody can't shake for her but you can
shake for you shake on it
they fit so good okay we really did pick
up her glasses that have been ready for
like a month now got the black ones and
finally so I'm gonna really you guys
should probably pick up some hand lotion
stuff while we're here so you can rub my
hands yeah okay all right you heard me I
need some like hand lotion stuff so this
deal can go through wait what kind would
you like this is the hand sanitizer or
not
I know where's the war I'm better Haley
or daddy you guys should both go get a
pair and we'll have a vote yeah we can't
reach them hey shorty I don't think you
can reach them what that's where I don't
where am i this awful sound are all the
time right up here
it's raining today and they're right
here good boy keeps you right off all
right go get down excerpt or lift her up
good gentlemen oh that was you good who
wore it better team daddy or team Haley
we decided
my mommy said we said anything she wants
the wax tonight go oh you don't even
start I have a video of proof and I said
that I would do it there she did will
make my eyebrows appearance I don't know
that's
I'm very very nervous because my mom
told me that like the wax place before
they like actually pull it it's like hi
like how hot is it like reliever like
cry I'm so nervous
yeah she'll be able to all the other
kids out there with her
I am to be the guinea pig
so you're not nervous at all right
that's Mikey your tummy hurt you're so
nervous it's hurting wash cuz you're
nervous aren't you at least nerves sided
ready for this oh my gosh can't believe
he's here yeah I'll tell that it hurts
I'll be honest
I give a date
knowing the warm stuff oh no it's very
more okay nope
you're a Danish term lay down
not like it
how was it Facebook actually the one
where they went like that and hurt a lot
cuz you're like you're gripping nothing
ah so on a scale one to ten ten being a
bad no one being a baddest race attendee
now go to the boat go to a theme park
experience where was that before
would you do it again if my eyebrows
really needed it okay so if there's a
girl out there right now if there is a
sorry if there's a girl out there right
now and her eyebrows need to you acts
would you suggest she do it or not do it
yeah or should she was you scared to do
the one walks with you the best almost
like a really and then you're like and
then it's the things actually really
soft it's really only hurt then you're
like also like I'm not crying but like
my eyes are watery eyes a little too
right now I am decorating a planet which
I got today I'm going to show you what I
have so far that's what I have so yeah
and it's gonna be questioned today I'm
gonna flip this back up okay and the
question a which is my mom thought about
it is um if you knew that you weren't
going to get caught would you steal
something I say definitely not know
no because like yeah if they have
cameras in like it will get caught and
then it's like it you want
what if you want what if they didn't
have him so never any call I said I feel
bad I would do it I might do it at the
moment be like oh I should probably do
that looks really neat and then I'll be
like no I probably shouldn't have done
that
no yeah I would probably if I decide to
do that I I probably would think about
it for after I get it and then put it
back so don't forget to calm down below
because if you know the question the day
is oh if you if you knew that you
weren't gonna get caught
would you steal something goodbye baked
potato baby
thanks for watching
Britt Ailey
