time for the people of the world of
Earth the world and birds world probably
like happier ha steer yes happy video
1/2 are you not talking
um I'm not very good at where the
continents are yeah I think some people
watch us on every continent except
Antarctica where are you at Antartica
yeah where are you at what about is
there anyone living at int and Anton
took and Earth is there anyone living in
air antipsychotic it's there's some
scientists there doing research
well those signs that scientist never
did I learn something from us someone
tell the scientists in the Antarctica
that they better start watching you guys
need to tell your friends in Australia
to tell their friends in an art to got
to tell their cousins neighbors dogs
dogs friends dogs what car cars cars um
cars tired who fix the cars tires to say
to tell they were Antarctica people to
watch are you kidding me she started
sure she - silly
he's joking man tell them that per tail
isn't you huh boom boom oh he didn't
sorry I said no we are going to the Boat
Show because we are this much out of
this much gonna get a boat in the summer
like that much out of that much but
anyway we're gonna go to the bunch oh
look at the boat
um listen me and right now we're driving
to Sydney Sydney hey oh yeah go look at
some boat nope oh okay
this is they've had a meet in this
convention center so we're like it was a
little weird to see boats in here you've
competed in here so much better Wow oh
it looks bigger yeah you've been so
nervous
you've gotta compete at twice in here I
think right this year no and not this
year
people know you've never competed here
no wait went yet you've been here for me
and for SIDS meets oh yeah it looks so
weird
yeah and for your me oh my gosh
there are jet skis and boats everywhere
a rainbow boat
look at all the boats but you already
found it
we've been here for 30 seconds you found
it didn't my say don't get the first
mistress the first one and nothing says
we're getting a boat and especially if
not getting a boat today exactly we can
see any boat that we might get you can
step on them I can test-drive it where's
the water
oh there is a slide yeah you can get up
on top but it won't let us get on top
there's a slide on this one that would
be cool and up there there's a deck I
like this one so far yeah well I mean
we've only been on two boats so I hear
there's some amazing stuff down here
what's down here that's a bad achieve
ease above you're good oh it was just
better than the slide
yeah no you still like the slide oh
there's the bathroom Haley smells good
well that's good the both I smell
dinners is second place second place
these two boats are totally different
than the one with a slide and this one
what's that it's just a dry we'll wait
dry well girls another I don't know man
that'd be so good this is Sherman GT I'd
be like this is nice down here here
yes she doesn't like this one you look
like you like this one see there's no
under
what was different nothing different
there's still no Under
say no under she likes a boat that goes
how's it like an underneath I want to do
stuff wait what's that or is there an
under secret society it's an under but
is it go anywhere oh oh that smell oh I
can't breathe but I'm not even under
there probably like how many kids gonna
fit in there alright Boat Show over
we're finally leaving I think we pretty
much stayed to the last minute and
there's some soccer going on
now we're going to go find some food
except I think they talked us into
Starbucks
all right
they're a long line
Hannibal and he says a line at Starbucks
is too long not worth it
you're loud Billy what's going on girls
party in the house Syd's actually gonna
go to school tomorrow since she's had a
week off I know he are you gonna have to
find it mm-hmm no I got her school it's
been a while since she's seen it
aah uh-oh someone's almost dead
somebody's battery's almost dead the
puppies are hanging out where's Winnie
oh she's probably eating never mind I
should have known
hi oh we're going to happen like I am
play dance we could do like gelatin
house we're gonna run through that you
see is it work so no power can that's
why we're gonna read the dust by running
through reading the directions where'd
you find these these are gelatin cups
and where did you hear about these like
I was watching row but wasn't row diys
then it clicked up like jell-o cups oh
let's watch that heavily looked on in
jell-o cups good catch so what is a
jello Cup exactly it's like it's a cup
and you could si preserving it it's like
yellow
you can pour something in it all right
then you can drink it and you can eat it
and I'm sorry
Wow so like she says we're just seeing
if we can figure out how to make it and
if we can like put hundreds of those
honey are you going to show us how to do
it is it gonna be on Annie's channel dad
helping whose channel they're gonna be
on okay let you better work hard and
making sure you know how to do this so
that you can explain it to people
okay we're doing a research yeah all
this so we make sure we know how to do
it well we don't want to tell people or
what you're making it and then all of a
sudden it doesn't turn out the way you
want it that would be really bad
can we start a video on her channel but
it ends with you don't do it yeah that's
not the way you really want to make
jell-o cups honey I just want to eat the
jell-o cups so it does sound good
smells good strong I want stir it stir
it I want to eat it
guarantee me never keep some of this
echo and I thought it was your head yeah
the introduction is or are you in it
let's see your moves
will you please watch them please trio
you
all right so it's to the music of Bruno
Mars grenade grenade is so funny so how
the jell-o cups come out we won't know
till the morning wow they seem like
they're gonna work why do you have
knives on them it's a lot of fun yeah we
do the video oh okay hey guys so it is
time for the person of the day and I'm
going to say what is your favorite movie
mine is Finding Nemo Annie
ah the Lion
I'm not what is it gasps lion guard no
well you said line so I thought don't
like are you okay hello what is it
called laughing I'm King okay huh said
put your movie yeah movie pitch perfect
Wow so don't forget the collar - okay
okay so yeah so don't forget to come
down low cuz we want to know the
question of the day is what's your
favorite movie bye bye
baked potato baked potato baby thanks
for watching
Britt Ailey
