time for my morning giggle monsters oh
wow we're doing an upside-down braid I
love right I said you're my guinea pig
even though I'm allergic to guinea pigs
oh it's a great morning we're taking
live to Jim I know she's not a morning
person she used to be yeah right and the
dogs are having a friendly game of
tug-of-war oh yeah yeah all right we've
got to go
you have no idea how many tries it
tipped away - yeah I was like hey like
this and winnie is like jumping up like
this that's funny so Jess Jess the
ponytail rubber band and the ponytails
gonna fall right yes okay not the braid
is the braid ponytail braid put it off
still oh yeah oh yeah felsham can the
dogs pay for some it I got extra rubber
band oh here you go
nice hairdo you have literally like one
minute before we have to leave why don't
you sit one minute oh my gosh what
colors today
Wow yeah oh you put a little bit of pink
in there you don't have a all black one
oh well I do about a legend so okay look
at the lip oh so hurt mm-hmm see when
you roll around on the couch where
Winnie was you got Winnie hair look I
was like oh she got Winnie hair all over
the geek all over her
that's not only around them hazards me
trying to get her off of it oh okay
winny are you being a distraction so
Haley got a first-hand taste of what
it's like to do school up in a room
because she had to come all the way
downstairs be okay to ask me about this
but it was explained and she knows what
she's doing now and when he's being such
a distraction
look look what's funny is you had the
chair
she's weaseled her way in and now she
has the chair Winnie new make me laugh
you good okay just a little update we're
gonna eat some lunch
thank you Haley's gonna do school yeah
and daddy's taking a knee to the
chiropractor for her wrist want to give
her a size 2 shake first shake ha ha ha
ha ha Jade Jade don't tell her that I
don't know if we've told you guys but
when he's on a diet the vet said she was
overweight so we're gonna go try to find
some like apparently they make some
healthier snacks treats cuz when he
loves her treats Oh Haley and Winnie and
me and Piper Oni are all having a double
session on the couch yeah schools
finished right we don't get to do this
very often and we have nowhere to be
Annie Hill um my game until gymnastics
so we're gonna just double your on the
out together
always always always forever we could
just lay here all day that would be
great ah
though I guess this past weekend of the
snow we did a lot of sitting around but
we stayed pretty busy right now we have
absolutely no one here and nothing to do
that except snow with our puppies oh my
goodness we have wings and Gigi's taking
a nap in her cage really no we should
get her out
all right go get her out what I'm gonna
I'll have everybody that's here on the
couch with us yeah hey come join us
little pig little pigs Oh get some mom
sisters
hey Gigi ready to snuggle Oh
where you going gigging exit the party's
over here hey DJ GG hyper stay bring her
on in we got a spot just for you hurt
all right Oh hop turn her fail oh she
wants to go and see hey did you not get
the memo she's like I already took a nap
guys it's windy we should get in the
picture I'll be really cute it's a fun
man
it's just so fun is this so fun if only
Winnie was up here it's only Winnie was
and if Gigi was turned around if only
only if only at work or we could leave
hyper out mommy dick I can't get over is
in TJ we want to see your face on her
back and rub her belly okay you are
don't worry guys look at it all under
control
yes well naptime ended abruptly when all
the dogs jumped off the couch because
they heard something in the front yard
so now we're just gonna I don't know
what we're gonna do
do you see anything different no because
you're always on those crutches you look
the same to me that looks weird like
really weird whoa 10 unsafe like a
little mermaid now you could get up this
is not safe you probably need both your
feet touches I didn't do anything all I
did was toss it up oh oh now come on oh
now the dog want back in hmm oh just
come on in Piper no it wasn't long
getting just come on in Piper
oh well just come on in Winnie just come
on in excuse me you've got to learn if
you're gonna open the door you need to
learn to close the door behind yourself
young ladies you're letting all your
heat in the neighborhood as my parents
used to tell me I don't want to heat the
neighborhood well you leave your door
open and all the heat from your house
goes out and heats the neighborhood she
made me carry her she fell asleep in the
car at least she's in a good mood ready
for gym
they win money bark here that's what you
get for saying reserved in my spa just
scare you
alright I think these girls are gonna go
have a steady date if Annie's bags in
the car is it was it all righty we chat
because I wanted to come get the spot
Hey the bag is in the car they could
have a steady date okay would you want
to take your water we finally switched
your bag over so it's Rolly
you say you don't want the water where
do you want this in the back okay have
fun girls get schooled in twinsies Wow
it's mommy and Hailey night and he's at
a sleepover daddy's watching tape TV on
his own and it started off as a yellow
night Haley wanted a dress in yellow
she does have a yellow cami on ha I
asked me have this also it is yellow but
we decided to be twinsies
so yeah because we both have the same
shirt it's our think it's our only shirt
that we have exactly like right yeah
you're nuts well I am well
I'm number 12 - okay hi number two I'm
Kimmy I'm number one in life hen - and
be 12
I'll be in number one I'm number one
okay what is your favorite and moment no
emo shin emoji yeah there you go emoji
okay mine is oh oh I have it
oh that's funny how you did bring that
down so this is mine
and I have to so it's this one
no it just like it okay and this one
like it's like you need it oh yeah I
know you're talking about
I like the crying face on the crying
laughter one Oh like when something so
funny yeah like it's like or that yeah
alright
Wow so tomorrow I'm gonna go to Annie's
meet did you guys know and Haley you -
did you know that Annie that meet that
got canceled was gonna be Annie's first
level 8 meet
whatever it was her first and last and
it got cancelled was her only level 8
meat this season that she was gonna get
to do know it so she's doing level 7
this meat it's not a bad thing but we
were kind of looking forward to her
doing a level 8 meat this year so
tomorrow she's level 7
it's sad Haley's gonna stay with Daddy
cuz the meat is super early so she went
ahead and spent the night with Katie cuz
she was already there having the
playdate I might do he was uh she was
having a study date don't forget to
comment down below cuz we want to know
that question of day ease to go take it
away
yay what's your favorite emoji and I
believe somebody asked this was asked by
someone's gonna get a shout out here if
we can get it to focus this is it it was
asked by well it's not gonna focus
Mackenzie koko 36 okay thanks for that
question
okay hey joko yeah so don't forget to
come by your did that don't forget to
come down below guys we wanna know the
second question of the day is just one
question today oh the first quiz highly
respect by my
like ah database database
thanks for watching
Britt Ailee
be matchy-matchy tonight I'll surprise
mommy buddy milk yoga but first you have
to do this with me
no we're going to bed it's a slumber
party mommy
she's poufy I'm about to say lollipop I
was like Lala
here's my special performance wait
okay
