good morning Charlotte hey all right
we're washing our face we're up and we
it's it's concert hey you just showered
Hailey's about to get in here and shower
but I'm gonna take a knee down to Nicole
on Brookes room or hair and makeup and a
Hayley's gonna shower and then I'll take
her down so we're kind of going any
shift
concerts later this afternoon we've got
a soundcheck and rehearsal and are you
stay is just getting started it's about
10:30 but that's like 7:30 West Coast
which we're definitely used to yeah I
wash my brush so it's kind of early for
us we got up about 6:30 West Coast time
so we're running a little bit late we're
supposed to be down there right now but
ya know that's how it goes sometimes
well we'll be down there in about 10
minutes cuz all she has to do is brush
your hair all right and moisturize okay
we could be down there about ten minutes
and brush your teeth okay well alright
they do one of the coolest elevators all
right so we're finally out of the room
Haley's in the shower and we're gonna go
get her all right these guys are working
their magic not that these girls need it
I like to say that you don't need it but
you know when you're on a stage and
there's lights and what if she's I'm
doing I'm Nicole avoiding the camera
like like it's gonna kill her if I
yeah I'm gonna get you in the mirror all
right so look this is my favorite part
Annie's had this done once good to know
in middle school I was a little mermaid
Ursula so they've been makeup artists
that feel like they're heirs it won't be
purple that's good if anything you need
to be pink for rock your hair but people
go with more human don't like the circus
yeah yeah y'all didn't even rehearse
that one because they like what they did
a little bit
I love that hey now I'm up here getting
Haley cuz she's showered while I was
down and ordered herself some breakfast
right don't worry she's not alone in
this hotel room daddy's in the restroom
but anyway he might be showering so you
did would you order food that's amazing
Wow okay well they're ordering food
downstairs guess what remember when you
got airbrush makeup you don't remember
when they like Shh they're doing that
again
it's cool okay you don't remember when
you see it I bet so soon as your
breakfast comes we need to get you down
there okay how long ago did you order it
my little cow all right let's brush your
hair okay that's good and then you could
eat it and it'll because Annie and
Brooke are Brooks getting makeup done
and he's getting hair done and they're
gonna switch and then they can do
something I'm gonna tell them something
natural for you'll be on stage so you
need like color and stuff but don't want
you to be washed out but you know
something age-appropriate like blush and
like a look colorful lip gloss or
something not like bright like I don't
know Oh cow on the loose wild cow all
right we're heading down in a cold room
back to their room because it's the cows
turn to get ready why isn't this working
this technology is not please touch the
selector for ha oh maybe it's restricted
what okay
yeah and he did it alright I got to
figure this out guys please select your
floor there on the 4th well mommy didn't
they say what's your key it would go to
that yeah but and I got down we went to
the lobby first let's go to the lobby
first I'll try this oh are you excited I
just heard some excitement going on
stop he always does that to me she's
like all pumped and I turned the camera
on she's like if you do it Nicole give
her her pillow okay good good how's
Brooke doing over here good good you
guys have switched chair since I last
saw you love it that looks weird your
eyes rolled back in your head don't
laugh my daughter's gonna tickle gonna
tickle you never had that done like that
that's so cool scary oh yeah you guys
join the cup song okay we have an
extended soundcheck it's kind of like a
rehearsal / soundcheck so yes last time
it was just cuz they weren't ready for
us is the cow ready for hair and makeup
it's your net you're next
the place yay do you brush your teeth
yet I'm guessing no mm-hmm the cow will
have to brush our teeth at a little
while we can't hear your jokes Nicole
she's not helping
don't listen to Cole we're here oh my
gosh wait Annie hold on let's see the
booth and then we'll go the stage is
huge look at yours
booth you have two booths booth booth
booth hey I need some of this can I have
some can I have some of this later
they're talking they're actually being
doing business and I'm just trying to
interrupt can I have some of this later
I'm out
thanks I am gonna take some but I don't
want to like mess up his pretty booth
I'll get the pot what is this I need
that Oh
this isn't what Nicole hasn't I need one
of these too mommy
wait we were just talking about a
diffuser all right you want to go check
out the stage let's go Wow Lanta this is
a lot of makeup I hope it will look good
on stage I think it will my gosh that's
a big stage I'm gonna look like an ant
guys like you know I'm pretty tiny I'm
gonna look like an ant
big stages I'm looking and I'm going on
the stage troublemakers like tumble on
this yeah oh my gosh I feel like I
should like do something guys this is
where you're gonna be where you're gonna
be hopefully hopefully happy right
they're gonna be either
over here over dere it'll be everywhere
oh gosh oh that was scary I thought he
was gonna do a forward room oh yeah oh
yeah she's running oh my gosh oh that
was great that was good okay since when
do you like go into a tumbling pass like
that
hi
hey mr. Chuck how are you good to see
you I love your hair
Tanner's here Smith Family Circus is
here C&C dances here hotel cards are
here this is so crazy I've never been to
a cheer complaint wait wait one time we
did didn't briefly but other than that
I've never been to the kind of stuff
we're in the mix this time what happened
I do
Hayden and I have matching pimples under
our nose yeah you had one before like
that one but your didn't hurt sometimes
they hurt oh you scratch it makes your
eyes water okay so we're getting ready
for sound check and so wait.you perfect
you perform up here on this cheer gym
I'm the chair gym floor he's gonna have
a blast
this is so cool he's a stuntman it's
okay he's a trained professional you
guys soundcheck is in full swing would
you request it yeah fancy hey rush oh it
is cars and rockets is the name of every
actual name that's cool
this is our makeup and hair area I'm
backstage right now
oh they're cheering for somebody next
crash Chuck Chuck Chuck Jack you're not
even on we're changing batteries and
veneers yeah but you're not on over
there to those people okay is she on
I'm
I
all right so here are all the people who
got here
hi everybody
get excited
hi that's really early still Oh a final
looks huh oh oh yes Brooke I'm not pouty
lip I thought oh you finally got some on
look at those pouty lips whoo look I
just found it looks like you first look
yeah you haven't seen again that's a
great color all this this is Christian's
helicopter song
the baton grades coming are you ready
Haley made great the carpet so many
people are you ready for him
probably I don't think anybody's coming
out here for back here
are you ready Brooke I'm ready Katie
yeah ready to rock that pink carpet yes
sorry I was late I was late for the game
my camera turned off and then they put
it in like slow-mo and repeat
someone's going to get hurt before we
start
neither of your I know you got it come
on I'm calling each other spy now you
crack me up
I don't know as we were doing parkour
today uh you didn't know huh you can
join in
yeah your plans we're coming to the
carpet first and then we'll bring
everybody in
Haley you gotta stand up my friend oh
okay Hayden let's just sit that's
actually perfect oh are you guys ready I
don't know why we're sitting like we
gotta stand yeah good what's your name
Brianna Haley nice to meet you hey girl
almost really how old are you now Oh 13
okay awesome
thanks that's okay that's okay it's no
time like the present to start watching
of course number three and the number
one got it guys nice to meet you girls
thanks for coming all right here we've
got something special to show you guys
this is called cheer line but it's only
made in North Carolina and they sell it
in very few places and Carson is needed
a drink so we're gonna go give him a
drink okay okay all right
SOTA only made north carolina is the
best thing ever i promise is linear a
very thirsty pepper so it looks scary
only here for it we made little nametags
and i think you that we know you were
thirsty oh you got a mountain Dew
this is what happens after a long
meeting great shoes come off my shoes
are you keeping your shoes on
roll him okay but where we're messing
with Hayden right now
really help balance us untie it all the
way like service you know she's just
taking him off and she have a while
no Hayley's in a cow costume I guess it
doesn't really matter okay daddy
passing to Daddy
all I see are eight new shoes I feel
like I want a lot of boxes to stack up
my interviews going on over here shows
about to start
- we're backstage
yeah
awesome job let's see yeah let's get rid
of that is it off what's not off I'm
turning that off
it tickles your feet it's not gonna work
in those shoes that's right it's on
who's gonna win this chicken fight
anything now I don't know how you win
oh me too Brooks Brooks I was gonna say
Brooke same and then I said Brooks
brixon same back in this and each tire
she's kind of try the kid table I mean
not that you're a kid but you're at the
kid table like two years right until
they're 18 what I saw Michael Jordan the
Michael Jordan in an elevator right I
was walking
I got on the lobby walked out and then
there was like a crowd around an
elevator I looked in the elevator and I
saw him he may not contact nice no nice
so he's in this hotel right now he's
probably up at the like fancy VIP thing
going on yeah hello mr. Jordan just a
tiny one what'd you guys order a burger
same this one's about to fall asleep
really Oh watching that figure are you
gonna go work out Annie okay
watching a movie and eating Doritos
where are you guys at
come on yeah right yeah we got muscles
at the grown-up table you guys could've
ordered muscles look at her face yeah
their muscles okay order muscles when
she comes back oh those things in the
clam shell like thinking I don't know I
don't really know how to describe it
you like them though tired cow here we
go stand up and walk on your feet your
human feet thank you
those aren't your human feet I thought I
was gonna get up guys we are so tired so
tired this is like last night Haley and
I are tired Oh left this is our floor
ones up here Haley and I are going up
early again it's not early though
because it's like 11 o'clock at night
and we're the first ones to leave the
table and we're exhausted
and we literally made to a question of
the day again without Annie because I'm
too tired to go right here I think I'm
too tired to wait till she and daddy get
back in here so we're gonna get ready
for bed and we'll check in with you guys
a little bit bed sweet bed teeth are
brushed PJs are on all the makeup was
off Haley's face except eyeliner it
won't come off okay Julia we're watching
a movie a Disney movie I think it's
another cinderella story it's just it's
what's on Disney so it's kind of nice is
it here and relax eat some sugar after a
hard day's work jeez okay question of
the day inspired by the snack you're
eating the candy sweet or sour
really I'm going sweet sweet sweet sweet
sweet sweet all the way okay you guys
I'm sorry that we've had two days in a
row where Annie is not doing the
question of the day but maybe just maybe
if she gets back with Daddy before I'm
asleep we might ask them but I am beat
my feet hurt it was a great day is a
great day meeting all of you guys here
in Charlotte we met so many of you if
you haven't gotten tickets to our next
show I think we're an Indianapolis next
but we're going to a couple other stops
is it links gonna be in the bio get your
tickets this one sold out so you might
want to get him now just a suggestion
just a suggestion All Right see you
tomorrow we head back to LA almost at
home la is not home yet I mean we just
yet I didn't mean it like that
somebody asked me today if we were
moving to LA and I said no I'm not ready
to sell my house we are going home to
that house in a couple weeks so that'll
be nice
la is definitely starting to be like a
second home for sure but not I'm not
ready just to do all that so thanks guys
okay hope that answered some of your
questions or one of your questions cuz I
know people wonder that I'm gonna stop
talking I'm gonna turn this camera off
and we're gonna see you tomorrow
join us for some more travel vlog
my baked potato baby
thanks for watching
Vitaliy
