today omelette aioli should I hide this
thing while she's gone oh hi hi for me
good morning and welcome to Green Day
Hayley's joined in green accessories but
mom's hid it in my hands
yeah Green Green Green daddy-o 250
bagged out we are headed to the gym all
of us because we have errands to run
after gonna get some stuff done and
Hayley has got some green on and he's
got some green on she's got take her
vitamins we're all gonna watch it and
she's going to take some medicine
because we're taking some motrin to try
to keep swelling down and the heal
do they have medicine for people who
wear socks like that all right I think
we can head out now
these are stressing on your value taste
what the vitamins no the pills are these
semesters on your bag nice accessories
Thanks
all right I also heated up the corn
pillow this morning there it is we're
only getting out of the house about five
minutes late today can you hold this for
a knee way be in charge of the corn
pillow I want her to heat okay
we did it who knows so is this green day
with you and Hayley or a green day with
all your friends Jim - so Jim thing it's
all right you own that green uh well
make sure well it's too late now
yeah I'm gonna be the green queen and at
least like take all the accessories off
you'd be like hi guys
nothing don't mind that hey we don't
have time to check that you can do it in
the car look at the Snowman Oh patty
kept driving I guess cuz of her late hey
it doesn't even look like we went
anywhere we left the house and we were
gone for a few hours running errands and
grabbed her for her doctor's appointment
but it looks like we're basically in the
same place we were when I filmed earlier
what Val and Annie's wrist is now
hurting what's a good thing she's guided
doctor's appointment so he can work on
it
she said her wrist started hurting on
bars today hurt a handstand what you
might wanna move I'm moving to do a
little loop doo doo doo I am moving get
my joke I'm moving get it I'm moving no
you say excuse me mommy not move still
try gummies yes it's here and yeah I'll
talk to doc talk to the doctor about it
he's gonna work on your foot and your
heel and you got to go daddy's giving
you the let's go motion have fun I'm
gonna edit the video now and Haley's
gonna do school I'll see you later
I won't see you till then Haley's got
practice nope I'm not the carpool
tonight okay have fun
Haley we gotta do school my puppy Jess
we're gonna let the puppies out should I
hide this thing while she's gone oh hi
lis she left it here that needs to be
the rule we've we've said that that
should be the rule
blinky doesn't leave the house soon
blankie shouldn't leave her room guys
I'm not going to take blanky away from
her because it's not hurting her but I
do think that she shouldn't have it 24/7
like she does so I think we had a deal
at one time that blankie had to go by by
not by by completely but like at ten
years old and that didn't happen so soon
baby steps I'm just enjoying how you do
school she's doing math got some word
problems going on the day back in the
swing of things up oh the puppy saw the
big dogs
the big dogs were out here the snow pile
is definitely melting hey Piper
you're not coming in this door I learned
my lesson it only takes me one time to
make a mistake and I don't make that
mistake twice she doesn't want to go out
I've tried to get her to go out with me
and play in the snow and she doesn't
okay
are you so excited that you participated
in Green Day today oh no I said yo oh yo
yeah
all right what are tally marks do you
know I'm very like little lying okay so
use tally marks to show these facts
seven plus four equals eleven how do I
do that
do you know how to write seven and a
tally mark yes let me see it one two
three four oh you do know very good plus
four where do I read it right here yeah
on the next line
all right and seven plus four equals
eleven here's the real test can you do
11 tally marks correctly okay all right
let me see them
well nailed it guys he's a champ champ
of tally marks right here
she's a mathematician Annie said that
daddy was a math genius I think we might
have another math genius not saying that
Annie's not a math genius - she's pretty
good at math as she was self acclaimed
but she is pretty good I on the other
hand not so good at math but apparently
I'm good at cleaning yeah you probably
couldn't oh the way the house looks
sometimes but I try I like a clean house
but sometimes I'm not very good at it
cuz I've got to keep up with these messy
ones yeah it was so cute
he was Piper and Gigi had the toy
together sometimes I wish I could be
attached to a camera but that would be a
lot of footage and just never turn it
off because I miss a lot of cute things
like they were playing tug of war yes I
can I turn the camera off and then cute
stuff half of me 5:13 oh but wait a
second
right the differences so what do you
need to do ah subtract no Piper you're
not in trouble
do you think you were in trouble okay -
Piper cocaina Piper Oh Oh Piper are you
see you can't just rip it out of her
mouth the little one tries to keep up
this is Piper's favorite game it's
called chase Piper she loves it Oh winny
caught him all three of them have it
hey don't smush the little one she says
out here like oh hey I so I'm done
gymnastics and really I bend down our
stomachs for pretty long time but I've
been decorating something I've cleaned
my computer I'm going to show you what I
doubt of these stickers so first I did
some of my planner that has YouTube says
nothing is impossible the word is the
word itself is unpossible and then this
looks this little fan thing all of the
stuff inside and then let me turn this
around so you can see at first I had
this bat and that I added YouTube and I
added stitch plus inside my computer
turn it this way I have you
you're way too beautiful girl from a
song here mate a beard that one and then
I'll heart with this and that which I
already had so yeah um we're gonna go
get ready for bed you have to clean the
stairs cuz it has so many things on I'm
gonna fix the pillows and I'm gonna
shower all of that jazz you're in
pajamas we're about to go to bed which
is what's your dream car my dream car is
a truck a red truck red or white truck
not just a red or a white trap
I left the toyota something toyota
something truck mine
so Tesla yeah seven-year-olds dreams
okay so don't forget to calm down below
cuz you never know the question of the
day is what's your favorite you know my
life
what's your dreams are Y so believe
we're gonna be watching videos for the
net 10 minutes don't tell my mom
your wiki edited I have decided reveal
to my boy tonight I'm gonna try to keep
my blankie my room for a week a week yet
oh my god you were doing it for your
whole life okay first I'm starting out
with a week and seeing how I mean you're
you get to keep your blankie firm no I'm
gonna keep it from or not gonna like use
it forever okay so yeah don't forget to
come Ella where said that by do tomorrow
bye
there's always us to do it my tradition
say it again my tradition says no bye
Oh bye baked potato
babe
thanks for watching
bratayley
