time for my daily wash dandy snore sixty
wicked stinky snorter okay he's back
okay oh you think she's already gotten
bigger I asked me um no I did you taller
you need something to eat yes for the
dogs hi okay we'll feed you the snow has
stopped coming down I think the official
count was 20 inches yes stinky
yes stinky now we just wait for the
roads to get plowed so that we can
actually escape prison
Heidi Oh me Jeanne yep roads are still
not plowed oh you got a hairy chin right
yeah so we're just gonna hang out here
until they come and plow the roads and
plow our driveway please come soon I
feel like a prisoner in my own home a
little bit of editing watching a little
bit of a crow out of the corner of my
eye when he's apparently joining
weyni there's been a lot of Accra this
weekend yeah they can go outside can you
let about the other door though so all
the snow doesn't come in cute going on
back there hey leave apparently gonna go
get more snow oh there's a bird stuck in
there and win Piper's trying to get it
ha ha free the bird I just put them open
I know but there's a bird murder oh you
poor little baby bird oh where do I go
Piper's like I will help the bird yay
ready alright so we've gone from a crow
to breakdancing because we're watching
today's truthful stare video it's
Bethany went to a real breakdancer and
so we're seeing if we can well not we
they they are seeing if they can do some
breakdance moves so what what to me it's
another thing to our list of what we do
when we're trapped indoors we breakdance
Here I am using the word we again solo
to this here and
so you should definitely go check out
all the videos on truth plus dare this
week they'll be last week when this
videos up to see some of the
breakdancing moves they came up with be
careful on her wrist all the additional
oh there you go have you on your leg and
underneath oh nice my friend that's what
he did but over there your left elbow
other knee hey on dearly but in your
thigh oh yeah I know New York so Jordan
this I want to compress against this
side of your leg with your name like
this that's good Emily
you got a press hard
look I get was he kind of fell into his
hands
hey Kiki good man
y'all gotta get on the same time that'd
be cool thank you boy your hands are
like just about okay that like really
bad I'm not
oh really reach across your body Haley
I'm going to go walk out to the mailbox
and let's see how deep this stuff is oh
man so we don't have any stairs anymore
hopefully I don't hurt myself much oh
man
it's deep man look at each look how deep
is he's going and going and going
all the way up to like my calf I'm not
even actually making it to the ground
well you made it all right come on like
we made it we made a promise to you
little dry way on amigo such a little
guy way this is their mailbox
it's normally got a really long pole
that goes to the ground on it not so
much today
no mail hey back up now let's go girls
back to the house
what's wrong with it right now come on
let's go girls back in the house hide
out go go any Frank and Wendy run run
like the wind whinny
like the wind that's right come on come
on
run like the wind got you tired go G
tired
dangerous oh yeah danger stuff it's very
long get some last words of wisdom hurry
up hurry up and go before mommy gets out
here and doesn't let us do this yeah let
me get down on the ground so I can
actually see your feet so who's gonna be
editing this this question the door open
and it was over the lounging around was
over when the door opens they walk
through it over and over again so it's a
sad day
there's last of the Christmas
decorations I got Jeff last of the
Christmas decorations are coming down
you've got to open it like a hair clip
yep
the girls are getting ready to go out
and play in the snow and Daddy and I are
going to take the moment this little
Christmas tree down Thank You Hayley the
boiler room that's it oh yeah gotta
weigh it down anything he can lift you
up
don't faceplant
thank you have fun I bet when he'll go
out with you she's loving the snow all
bundled okay have fun
yeah is it sad that it's like coming on
the end of January and we still have the
tree up yes it is
that's that oh I got the Oh No by myself
yes he did huh oh I'm usually I usually
get it down like New Year's Day that's
usually when we get it down we are that
weekend right we are way behind that's
okay throw in a little stir-crazy
playing a little trust file you pushed a
dodgy old slowed response so she's a
chicken already did he not trust you
nicely done he put his leg back and
you're gonna fall flat on your back yeah
no we've done so many things this
weekend to keep ourselves busy but we're
pretty much out oh nice oh my goodness
uh-huh oh that's trust what no hey
oh hi Gigi are you going stir-crazy yet
Gigi Gigi Gigi wants to play fair most
open oh geez yeah you better in the
world boy uh Oh your face ok good ok he
does it feel good huh
sir who's the spinner copies whoa be
careful over there
Wow like some acrobats from this house
ready go oh wow wow nice like this is a
circus one-footed hoverboarding Oh jump
presses that's what you call them I
don't know men jump handstands and some
fool Haley that's awesome
oh you can do it by yourself what are
you gonna do with her go she goes no
don't spin her dogs better hope she'll
throw up on you how about my stuff up Oh
imma leave dad's coming to get the girls
I can just pretend that my mom said I
could say because we don't know Jim's
been canceled
oh yeah PS the meet was canceled that's
up to her mom and Emily's been Gigi
well the meet was cancelled Jim's
cancelled schools cancelled well Wow
Annie's schools not canceled and Hayley
schools not yet
mr. bill is a good messenger so um I'm
watching yes yeah wow that's cool again
only time
Emily taught you that school whoa come
on
so we're walking the girls because our
streets not plowed yet so we're walking
the girl to the end of the street
and we're getting a good look of how
tall it is yeah I gotta see it next to
you that is so funny
she just said look it's not even
cracking oh no all right so the girls
are safely deposited with their parents
and Annie's like what are we gonna do no
no we're not we can't get to live house
our car can't come down this road an
uber son uber no and I think we're just
hopeful even get out tomorrow maybe I
gotta see what this road looks like I
think they've done all the plowing
they're gonna do today for snow blowing
you think our cars gonna make it in this
Winnie how did you get out of the house
are you Houdini we made sure to go out a
door and make it let's show it was
locked behind us because we knew that
you got pipe we're gonna open the doors
how did you do it oh just so you guys
know when he's my dog oh yeah Winnie
seriously how'd you do it don't you
something love you can clean it
Hey oh you're gonna watch where you step
in here tonight just fall good all right
mmm that's deep all right yeah right I'm
basically gonna pick you up like we were
doing a crow I'm gonna throw you butt
into the snack
don't work let me I'm not you straight
another site ready got it it's gonna
knock the wind out of her I would go one
two three like lower like good like this
one hmm
yeah this one's myself me nearly home to
make up video and yeah so we did it
right there you can see a little chairs
and we are it's like um almost eight
no no it's almost 9:00 that clock job so
we're just gonna go ahead and just
goodnight what is one thing you know
about more than any other person in the
house mine is make up make up make up
for like a crow or gymnastics okay
cooking yeah so yep um had a long day
I'm gonna go downstairs and get a
massage for my dad because he says I
have a strained muscle in my back and it
really really hurts and UMass takes is
canceled tomorrow because of the stove
and school is too but now her ask those
were homeschooled so hmm sorry is up but
we didn't have to do school today so I
guess yeah we have to do even though
it's Sunday today but we usually school
andreakms anyways don't forget to pump
down below cuz we want to know the
question today is what is one thing you
know more about anyone else in this
house well and the only reason I didn't
say math cuz I'm pretty good at that but
my dad's like the math genius and my
mom's like the cleaning genius
so yeah bye see you tomorrow
hey BAE BAE
thanks for watching bratayley
