time for me okay I'm sorry
Liam seriousness serious I'm trying to
be serious but I'm like watching this
inaudible Charlie Brown
look at this one over here
look at that you keep looking at
probably haven't figured out with our
lucky
mmm that Emily oh that's Amanda and we
have sleepover like Snowmageddon yeah
they could be with us they're gonna be
snowed in to our house and I so excited
you can we can watch a movie one movie I
think you're gonna have time for a while
yeah I brought my corn pillows we good
we could you could we could you accurate
because Amanda and I missing our last
night we perfect yes oh you and there
Jenny I'm not missing a crow technically
there's no a that's true that's gonna
shut down yeah and school we're gonna do
school it's gonna be such a fun week I
am home to school these two over here
I'd rather not pretend there wasn't yeah
well I'm kind of allergic to sebelum
she's so scared I don't dive now yeah so
Daniel out of turn right seep a little
deep litter weight on this toe to go to
the right you put weight on this time to
go to the law okay if you want to turn
quickly put your weight on one heel and
the other type like this yeah those
little movements hey Lee fires going
snows coming down it's covering the
water girls being loud and obnoxious
chuckle so we're gonna watch a movie
yeah the pop pull
oh that's ask Amanda Amanda's all snug
it up with a dog JJ he likes adjustable
are you doing like a routine oh she is I
don't have a good one and then all right
let's pick out a movie we're gonna
snuggle up on the couch and we're gonna
we're gonna cuddle cuddle and watch a
movie and watch the snow come down try
and get you done their school the
schoolroom school is now in session
what on earth okay on your mark yahoo
venturing down what this was all about
half the frozen but now I already
thought under how much we're gonna get
they're calling for like 18 inches of
two feet
it's only the beginning guys we'll keep
you updated all right guys it's our
first time venturing out into
Snowmageddon to take puppy out so let's
go Gigi you better go quick am I gonna
lose you in the snow all right all right
let's go
yeah go out come on come on sister
baguette and dog hopefully I don't mess
this camera up I'll get in trouble
slipping her feet off the ground like
she does that when they get cold what is
this white stuff Oh Gigi what is it do
it school did you know they're doing
school hey does marshmallow Palooza mean
that you put that you went overboard
with the marshmallows let me go check
she's letting it cool doesn't look that
bad I was all melted
is it perfect I'm saying that GG likes
Amanda just a little bit dang it you're
supposed to like me she said well you
know you work during my chemistry well
Peggy go over Emily
Oh see she didn't want to hurt your
feelings
she loves you school is done the Sun is
setting
it's pretty much set actually it is hard
to tell I think it is you should go out
there and check for me
nothing oh you're welcome nice handstand
aged money look at my book look Matt I
know Andy's backpack probably weighs
like 30 pounds at Leon has a Haitian and
now so we're switching back to her
rolling that old gym back not back we're
switching to her rolling back old gym
bag Amanda's getting hoverboard lessons
and that's it Snowmageddon is in full
swing
the wind is supposed to pick up at about
7:00 I think about 5:30 gigi is stuck on
the couch we're gonna be riding around
in no time Amanda you got it no now that
were you oh you got it
and when he's busy growling at some
non-existent object outside we don't
know what she's barking at or growling
at but she's gonna show it what do you
see
there's nothing out there that shadows
it's just a little sneak peek oh okay
another sneak peek this looks dangerous
you're really hyper do you want to play
or something I'm not sure what you want
oh my gosh are we doing doing your game
Oh
let me ask the backyard covered
snow is still coming down it's crazy
oh no thanks I don't break that yeah
yeah no we're just gonna hit up a few
tries if I remember the corner so
something you guys just made up oh okay
sounds good mix our name
what's our TV
mmm mmm only double-a oh I like that way
double I don't thing don't want angry
and then I asked for her down she's out
oh sorry I am really really impressed
that was so cute
yeah very good you guys are pretty NSYNC
a crush pretty cool you're great in
gymnastics kind of like bro well a gram
officially done
yeah after Ana was funny go ahead
pictures oh my back
oh no the thing like the back tuck swing
swing back down yeah yeah I believe that
was old cool Hodges well that's really
cool but not really was like I don't
even though I was like a pillar that's
yummy on the swing swing back tap her
yeah good one show in the park soon see
my tech right yep
Hey one two I'm back in the dance oh
shoot my favorite part was the one where
I was like whoa it was like that I
wasn't ready for that
yes I was not ready for that I was ready
for like a twist that's pretty cool oh
yeah I guess I just wasn't expecting it
yeah yeah charity said what was your
favorite part Haley this part the
beginning after you announced everybody
the part where I was involved
while I was clean of everything watch
out because the dogs came in too so I
was like oh no 303 yeah oh cool have a
good night what's crazy what's know
pleasure of the day what's the what's
your opening well so question what's
your favorite musical what is your
favorite musically boom to do like just
in general I'm gonna say to do your way
to you you do not over that one end as
well yeah your wheat synthetic
everything that you're gonna get past me
yeah hello I'm the only one out of the
hover do you hear me but anyway um okay
don't know you I'm really years no don't
got me a job done another thing I know
Oh hold on I better go shirtless now
yeah
oh um billet push to push through more
time
look at this oh my god how did look at
this window ah
I baked potato baked potato baked
thanks for watching
Britt Ailey
