time for what Amy a.k.a not snowing her
it was nice knowing and out it has snow
on the ground Cooper was freaking out
this morning and it's orange day I
didn't wear anything orange on tompa's I
don't have any orange clothes but here
uh orange bow okay
so ah I like spider-man ah no I'm like
the Superman yeah Superman ah no not
that I don't know what I'm doing right
now okay so we're going to gymnastic oh
oh yeah Oran orange you're welcome
I always leave my sunglasses in your
course assignments it's helping you I'm
a more today
and I born today and I couldn't find any
orange it's like the ladder this it's
like it's my life audience doesn't minor
laughing coral live decided to I was not
with the member that day it was like a
blue day yeah it was like a blue day and
everyone I mean well everyone was
wearing like blue and she was wearing
like purple so no one knows like you got
it was a coincidence oh that and you
know my guys everyone wear pink tomorrow
it's like they're crazy James every day
so like the team the team that was
coming tomorrow the next day didn't get
the memo because I told everyone I
forgot to text I know
oh we're gonna see more people do it
today is only three people did Haiti but
I know that Katie it is so so far it's
the right just hopefully at someone else
said like TJ maybe that's really rude
I'm like she knows who she was on tumble
track with me sites allow on
I have to wear everything oh look at
that the person ohm again and I ever
experienced love again is it means crazy
snow and that's what they're calling
this it's gonna be crazy snow but I
don't know if I believe it yet
it's like dark in here in someone's
shining bright man or crazy all right no
those are it's amazing yeah yeah this
one gives you what seizures with like
the mobility with seizures yeah you know
it was your birthday right that is a
danger Lexi
dizzy season what's wrong I don't know
how many orange blows I just
anyway this layout but doesn't miss it I
never think oh my god why I caught on in
it where's they caught on Liz I got what
is it oh okay because you have really
cool gloves so you're a winner I love
this it's like the matches thing I have
I love it I'm so excited that is
dedication
yeah they're like four samples and two
they'll do thanks
my navies Burke will understand oh it's
so warm
there wasn't that musically with that
guys doing my crazy stuff with the hands
oh yeah really it's so cool I got
featured yeah it was like that
it was like that but cool you put your
wrists together and then you go like
this that is whole magic we need you
stir this morning - Wow
all the Halley's and losers are wearing
these pants yeah Hayley was wearing
those pants this morning yeah I'm this
way we're going to do we have the same
pants on oh we do wait g3a3 help - dream
on sir one two three oh hi hi oh my gosh
you smell sorry no we did I do that was
bowling with Roman and you like shoe in
the bathroom with your friend
you know I can imagine I'm sorry I
missed it oh those are pretty cool
did you finish school was it easy what
you got there oh man it does well thing
is stretching she took over mommy side
of the bed
what are you think mommy's gonna think
what's the plan for today don't you have
gymnastics or something you're going to
do some hand hands Wow when's your next
meet when do you know where it is do you
know you have makeup on your face do you
know you need to go take it off as long
as you understand that that's my puppy
what what that was from my birthday
though yeah you got it
yourself for your fur right I got myself
a present for my birthday that's not how
it works you got a present for yourself
right why cuz I knew what I wanted and I
am currently editing while mommy is at
gymnastics someone's currently sleeping
their day away oh yeah that one we're
talking about Snowmageddon and being
behind on school anyway
and I forgot her headphone I know we're
gonna move to a rolling backpack
cuz that's probably Wayne I carry it in
for her but then she carries it when
it's time for school and yeah I tried to
organize the back and just put in just
what I needed and then she decides to go
and she pressing it like I put
everything back in her bag this morning
thinking that you filming day was she's
telling this story what I doing I'm like
Nick me me me me sassy so she's gonna
borrow libs so what were we talking
about oh yeah we're gonna get weird yeah
so we're being thinking anime being
getting a lot more caught up it's
supposed to snow a lot like blizzard and
so I was telling Annie that she's gonna
get caught up on school because of the
Snowmageddon that's what they're calling
it
yeah like Armageddon snow me getting
snow me getting is it good I know I
remembered that you don't like bacon I
know I'm sorry I can't
I couldn't keep them all you know track
of who likes what and break time yes yes
you didn't want to take a break you can
keep working through break
such a hard thing for gymnast to sit
still for an hour I said to my job it
was an hour half no is it an hour oh my
the night amazing I want a history
studies I recommend accordance I don't
so basically I should I was like and I
have over again everything to people and
half wow I'm loving the orange juice it
on my leg okay oh she's climbing up am i
this is fantastic
my big orange blob I'm in orange block
come on orange blob and it allowed me it
and she can get it now let's get your
puppies and really she can have your
puppy right no take-backs
is this mine no all right Kaylee's no it
was left here
no no visited then I came in my chicken
my gosh you're slipping it came in my
chicken make me good chicken McMeel
system you know you can also mark the
owner in the very complex 2000 or he's
cute
after spending pretty much all morning
at the gym
I've come to Home Depot to meet daddy
and Hayley and I can't find them hope
their hall I not see hello I'm here
where are you out front okay hi well
that was pointless they're out front I
guess he's already done he got it done
quicker I don't know what he needed here
but I'm gonna go meet them out front now
I'm meeting
because later on Hayley has gymnastics I
had to go back up to the gym to take
Hayley there she is she looks all alone
where's your father
what'd he buy oh he's helping somebody
he's helping me load this up hi I miss
you all day
nice outfit aren't you a little cold
what'd you do pull out of the gym all
right so yeah I got to do a little swap
iruo just telling them that I've been at
the gym all day and now I've got to do
get you to gym in a little book all
right what do you need would you get me
what's tow Mack daddy's gonna paint our
bathroom thank you fun stuff and maybe
your bathroom initially you just can't
do it can you
I don't like that camera like this
before game I don't like that camera
there's shadows on it
it's weird did you see it when you're
editing anybody no guys the for camera
is not as cool as this one this was no
the 4k camera flips up to but I telling
you in like the house this in the when
it's like dark out this camera does
better I was looking at the footage from
the other day I'm not kidding like there
was shadows when you move the camera
like I will edit that footage and I'll
see I think it's yesterday's footage so
we haven't edited that yet who is chilli
where's your car close to yours you know
we're down here so what are we gonna do
until it's time to drop this little
munchkin off and oh the mole do you want
to go to the mall Hayley get in come on
work with us here today yeah
at the mall swing in Hayley one two this
is how you walk in for Eddie one
Oh awkward note moment when you passions
in pool yeah I just turned the camera
off and Haley tried to push a pull door
yeah I turned over to pop yeah hey puppy
and mom so yeah you should probably
learn to read when it says pull you
probably shouldn't push left where'd you
go I lost you are you blurry to top that
screen okay so it's not blurry I I
looked and every look different because
Haley washed her hair by herself last
night I was super proud of her but
hearts like in the middle today I like
it you like it right there I might get
my fear yeah it looks pretty good it's
not brush this morning either I see I
watered it no you watched it a good good
angel watching it and then I don't think
I want it till you watered it this
morning you did your own hair daddy
didn't help you did you brush your teeth
my wig back
we how'd you get the little black thing
me lines out let me go
today me and Ed are going to see the
movies but before we did that we ate and
now we're going to go get you Andy
you just open the door to the sweet
little cuddled up girl she got so cozy
in the warm car that now it's gonna be
hard to get out and go to gym no she got
so tired it's hard when you get cut it
up in the warm car all you want to do is
go to sleep I remember that when I was
little too okay I think I just sweet so
I wanted to show you guys how cuddled up
she was I love this blanket chevrons
love the chevrons in case you guys
didn't realize that we love Chevron's
from our like banner and stuff oh we did
want to pet a little girl
get to bed bed and I sure like if we're
not gonna do that
I know Oh
needs to be done tonight yeah tell us
yes
Oh from a long day she's not Piper
Gigi's not hurting Haley is effective
we're home
oh you're trying to get the camera hmm
she was so happy to see Haley I know I'm
Piper thinks that Gigi's being rough you
know she's very light Piper your fine
wit Haley already said hi to you oh now
they're gonna get into a fight over it
hey hey hey girls there's nothing to get
into a fight about Gigi kisses are the
best
Piper kisses and Winnie kisses are good
too I shouldn't say that but puppy
kisses are so good it's the end of the
day a long day daddy and Annie went to
go have some daddy and any time while
Haley and I were at gym they should be
home any minute and we're letting the
dogs get out some energy because they're
probably not gonna get to go outside
much the blizzards coming Snowmageddon
come and where do you - he was doing she
was me kiss gimme kiss the camera oh
he's going to kiss you Cameron oh it's
hard cause I'm forcing my healing ice
bounce so you could wake up tomorrow in
the body of someone else who would you
pick and what would you do Haley go home
I
hey I like that a bro I would pick Piper
wait it was a good rapper it's hyper one
good I would say I would say all the
dogs puppies okay so don't forget to
calm down below because we want to know
the question of the deck is if you could
wake up tomorrow in the body of someone
else
who would you pick and what would you do
oh yeah I'm glad to say what would you
do and I would see what she would do
throughout the day I would see how weird
it would be in like what they would do
like would they like get in the stuff
from lay down or so by tomorrow
ah baked potato babe I
thanks for watching
bratayley
