time for look Amy okay guys it's early
and you get to see the life of a gymnast
today because rather than getting to
sleep in like she normally would on her
one day off she's got to go to the
chiropractor so I have to go get her up
and I'm sure she could be really happy
about it maybe if we were to get maybe
if we puppy alarm clock her and take
this little thing up there she'll be
happier
let's try come on bubby alarm clock yeah
yeah here's a puppy alarm clock top
stuff on her face puppy alarm clock
you're going to be a better alarm clock
in there no I try again no we're getting
afraid to get all right puppy alone I
didn't work this time
Piper lone box just sitting there that's
been delays along clock way long clocks
you in there you barley that bear home
or those little girls will get mad at
you insight into Annie Annie doesn't
like breakfast at all
so what we have to do is find stuff that
any likes and likes hash browns so try
one today of actually making hash browns
to see if she'll eat them and guys just
in case you wondered how it is at three
dollars instead of two this is how it is
there's not enough room on the pad for
three dogs so this one sits over here
tiny little dog on a big bed big dogs in
a tiny bed
please win it got your dogs are you the
queen of dogs call your dogs there you
go now you can be the queen of dogs any
queen of dogs the dog queen we going to
brush that hair out well it's beautiful
hot is all right thank you to in you
karate kicking her this your kung fu
fight what style do you call that itchy
vaction aisle mr. Richie bag style of
comfort
it's your back style another thing I
wanted to show you guys our water it's
finally frozen it did it I don't know if
you can see it on the camera but it is
frozen out there zoom in and see what we
can see it's frozen there and not right
there she see the ice line as it goes
out there it gets frozen we go bounce
rocks off of it that's a Caleb would it
button
it hurt a lot well some of it some of it
didn't it was either like he was
tickling me on the bottom my foot or it
hurt a lot it like traveled up my leg it
was like from my heel like down by my
heel all the way up to like my ankle it
was weird and now I have to go home and
do school with my puppy I mean it his
puppy me
see filming on different cameras than me
let's do a side-by-side I still have not
convinced
just as I wasn't before but as I like
this camera it's kind of hard to do all
right so what's going on this morning
I'm doing nice notes things like what
are they called index card piece and I'm
doing them for history whether you're
doing for science either for history I'm
doing another one for science
oh I'd written them down yet and ready
its of all about Africa so unit to
Africa all right so what do i do I just
ask your name is way too like don't see
me oh I get it you know the answer you
flip them okay ah
it's really kind of hard to do with no
handsome ready I like this one you like
mine mm-hmm she put the Sun down all
right
well just do one one camera now come on
Africa's longest river is the Nile River
noble Africa sees the Red Sea good after
cuz East Mountain is the Kilimanjaro
yeah Africa's south desert oh my gosh
northeast itself okay the cult Caloris
if I can't find a hard Kalahari I'm
above it right after cuz North dead
there is the Sahara which is as big as
the US
nice last one Africa's second longest
river is the Congo now look at you you
steady machine okay no okay write down
its Haley in here actually doing school
and staying busy sometimes no she looks
like she's focused how the cos you were
could you hear me yeah she she was going
okay this these aren't computer wires
but at least you disinfected it oh my
goodness we're in the schoolroom today
which is really not gonna be the
schoolroom it's the office but right now
it's just a mess so I like to keep this
door closed so I don't see the mess I
don't know come on Gigi can you jump off
the couch come on oh my goodness you
make me nervous little pooch there's
Winnie
it takes Winnie so long to get out of
the bed they were all taking a nap in
their bed all right everybody's back
naps are over school is done we're
actually gonna let get dressed and get
ready for dance and get ready for the
day some stranger than her up oh it's
the pink monster apparently everybody in
but you and Liv or everybody at Jim
live told everyone to wear pink today
and Winnie was barking did you probably
change are you gonna wear some pink
bring her with your sweater on oh my
goodness it's the paint gang tell me my
friends beautiful that's now what when
he's barking at make it like crawl to
her - Winnie Winnie oh it's a flying
unicorn you just want to hang with the
big girls don't you you just want to
hang with the big ones hey that's funny
Winnie you are such a little hey-hey
scaredy cat scaredy dog somebody gave
you that at the meet up that you weren't
that wasn't that nice but that for Haley
or is it for you
hello those for me she's wearing a pink
t-shirt
coincidence sassy she went all out
Oh
I consider pink kind of day I actually
made up big day and we here we were
Minka we were orange to the agreement we
were are the color of the rainbow and
Wednesday ability to be a 3-stage going
to be pink
I didn't realize said it was pink day I
know I told them I didn't get the memo
either because I'm in like gray I got a
little purple on the over a jacket now
oh ho the pink ladies in the house in
the gray room yeah yeah we got jazz
hip-hop and ballerina it's very exciting
jazzy ballerina like a flower or an
onion well she's a dropout ballerina
they were watching me I mean I'm a
really good flower okay as far as
flowers go
alright that was a good good dance
lesson pink day continues to the job
mommy I'm doing a terrible angle
Hey
Lamoni I'll just cut this angle
oh I sit up and out so gorgeous look I'm
doing up and out who's dancing a really
fun another bucket Leamas head then okay
right now we are going to gymnastics and
um yeah instead of having a full day
were do it will we never have a full day
unlimited but I woke up this movie man I
had a weak foot seven I got
I got woken up yes and yes
Caleb dogtags somebody sent these in the
mail to us I think it says well because
military um people wear them I don't
know actually where they get the term
dog tags but so that you can identify
military yeah dogs wear dog tags okay
she totally but she's I was gonna read
what it says cuz it's really sweet
it says love loved you then love you
still always have always will it's got a
picture of three kids I don't think it's
gonna focus on it on the back it says
always in our hearts
Caleb Logan goes to my super soakers
have you put it on something else
she doesn't with makeup apparently well
this camera seems to still have that
shadow Oh weird you see this is the
camera that doesn't tap to focus a
little flippy Doo Dah that's so sweet
thank you whoever sent those Haley
what's going on today over in this area
we're over here yeah there's no way you
make it a video
hail lightning this video weeks speaking
of cakes I was reading the comments on
your old cake when you get down and
people want to know how to adapt your
channel name and why is your channel oh
yeah so why in the what you know how do
you say it first you pronounce it no
well no no I mean le Anja and it means
hi Haley backward okay Noel but hey hey
Noel backwards le Anya it's all gone
Elia don't try that a young guy okay and
take two so it's pronounced le o le Anja
and it is hey hi hey Haley hey Haley
take three well I'm leaving all oven
it's not hey like and hey it's hey as
anymore the beginning of your name as in
Haley Noel
hey no she knew it's Ellie Anya here we
were just thinking we were explaining it
to everybody watching her work explain
it to Ellie Anya herself okay so how you
pronounce it is Ellie Anya and it is
that hey Noel backwards I'm over here
being like what's going on in there
Piper's upside down she's attacking her
oh my god
hybrid being such a good girl
dog pile why were you being so gentle
keep being gentle Oh brought her down
that wasn't very dental no he's already
cracked it for you oh thank you watching
Haley crack the eggs the best part
though there's no bad for Haley's not
that is two thirds david cup of water
mm-hmm you ever seen cleaning Joe
everything's pre-measured this isn't a
cooking show though how'd you say okay
and then a good part trying to keep as
much of it the bowl as possible
oh you challenge accepted sure you
cracked an egg this time oh not a
surprise you really want inside a cake
oh right the egg we're making a cinnamon
swirl cinnamon swirl crumb cake and
muffin cake yes please thank you you're
not busy
excuse me the people that make it want
the people to taste it nope yeah have
you ever heard of the story of the
little writing a Little Red Hen oh yeah
I'm sure I have can you tell it once
upon a time there was a little red hen
and the Little Red Hen liked to cook
cinnamon swirl crumb cake and muffin mix
hey daddy
I can't quite reach over with him but
the idea of the story little right hand
is the Little Red Hen plants the grain
and helps grow the grain and picks the
grain and mills the grain and then all
the other animals want to eat it and she
says oh right let me make it you help me
yes hi you don't well I bet you that
person that you're saying that to
doesn't like edit videos every day and
that makes you hungry the end Wow you
can drive everybody of gymnastics and
dance and all that stuff do you what do
you do when you get there oh I Drive
home no what do you get do when you get
tips i film dance and then sit there huh
yeah now I pretty much film the whole
thing how do you think that I get so
much footage cuz the cameras going this
is like an all-out family battle boom oh
that Mommy weird
I did not you like I haven't uploaded it
now I made one for Hailey's channel
check it out Elly Anya shameless plug
yeah doesn't mean you get cake just in
case we forgot what we were talking
about back on the cake here doesn't mean
you give me cake it does that's what
we'd establish it means I get all the
cake know is you're filming what are you
doing right now to make this cake
I do something after he's done right
daddy thank you special delivery what
did you bring me oh thank you the mail
cuz the neighbors water pipe must burst
and they're not home so he went to
another neighbors to see if we if they
know their phone number so we can call
him and let them know that they had a
pipe burst
neighborly neighborly duties Hayley went
on the crazy car to check the mail for
me thanks
but a long time since we've been on the
crazy cart whoa it's time for Chris
today but before I say that it is
snowing outside and the reason why we
picked this question that I hey we
picked it is 5:00 Canada in my mouth all
right
is because we are watching high school
musical high school just high school
musical 10th anniversary so Haley
decided to say good yep
hey that's not what is it has eaten this
will you hide in if you're watching and
hi no honey
okay anyway okay so oh yeah
Christian today is mmm that's your dairy
movie whoa whoa oh geez crutches oh my
gosh he's so cute
all right anyways um I'm um yeah my
favorite um hmm
Flicka home I'm just giving you a little
often then I'll pick like a home or me
and Poppins meaty Flicka I like like huh
okay mine is finding okay Finding Nemo
hi
no pup oh that is it easy 13 but right
now that's not true that's not the one
that I'm like when did we go to the
proposal oh all right so don't forget to
calm down now because we want another
question today is it your movie you
don't have to enter it again by tomorrow
ah baked potato babe
thanks for watching
Britt Ailey
