time for look Amy keep calm and what and
slip on and flip on sure does say that
alright
today is Monday morning and it feels
every bit like a Monday morning right
back to the real world school and sleepy
dogs and the Sun this is where they love
to be snuggle Woggle Paley's this is
Haley's spot this is where she's parked
for Bible class she likes to snuggle up
I'm getting you some shade Piper so
that's about it right now
Haley's morning consists of doing Bible
on the couch all snuggled up and then
later on she moves on over here and she
does school right here yes we couldn't
find her binder because it's been a like
a week since we've done school and all
her stuffs in here that's how we do
things you know alright snuggle up and
finish that okay you have the Monday
morning blues are you feeling pretty
good for Monday you are that's good cuz
I'm feeling Monday morning right now
you don't have to bark at him he lives
here that's your father figure
yep still him oh yeah I already said
happy birthday to him but we haven't
said on camera House Beautiful Haley did
he hear it no we'll take him to dinner
or something
Haley how are you how's school going
today
and you look like you're doing school
real hard did you go we took a little
break for lunch cuz we've been gone all
week
and we were a little lazy this weekend
and you didn't go in the grocery store
so yeah that's what happens I know what
you doing over there
want a fire hat
he did okay are you gonna wear it proud
like a fireman I'm gonna sing a song
about a fireman um firemen don't say I I
look like a baseball cap oh yeah or a
rapper put the flat brim
it's got his birthday lunch does this
count know how I know it doesn't know
that there's no lobster scallops right
he wants Lobster and scallops for a
birthday dinner where might we go
okay ready one
so this we're going to go your birthday
dinner
yeah - do you want to go yeah that's
where you want to go daddy
so nice for the big free thing there's
no she didn't a huge number but it's not
a milestone yeah I didn't have the same
ring but lordy Lordy look who's 36 yeah
yeah lordy Lordy look who's 40 field
saying that means oh my gosh you're
really old
thanks for insulting all the 40 I don't
like to insult anybody so my bad so I
think I'm about to get in trouble
because I found this little girl and I
think I'm gonna get in trouble think I
can get away with saying she was a
birthday present for me and I bought
myself I think so I think that's what
I'm gonna say so the story on her is the
girl who had her couldn't take care of
her anymore and she posted a thing
online saying that she couldn't take
care of her anymore because she couldn't
see her and she needed attention and all
that so I came and got her let's go meet
Viper and Winnie made it home nobody's
home yet I like your choice sure Oh
mirrors all kinds of noises hi guys
fellas
hi fellers Oh doggies barking it's gonna
be bad okay
my daddy went and bought himself a
birthday present
yeah it's a rescue kind of like waiter
she's act a lot for so much we said we
said if we could find a Frenchie to
rescue that it was so funny at gym today
um Serena's dog was there yeah and
Hayley's like on a puppy and I I knew
what what's your favorite thing needs aa
steak what kind filet boy one minyan
mignon you mean your name what a little
hard a minute
Minnie and Winnie poor Peiffer Minnie
Winnie like you could have the dogs
matter yeah I went to fishin that's it
oh my I was I was gonna joke and go girl
and be like oh my god you're big ah
scuse me that's my birthday
he's Sohyun a little Peggy Peggy did you
Miss Piggy yeah if you're very careful
hey you guys get on this car whatever
you want
no you're happy yeah this camera looks
like it's Scott
that's not shadow you dazzled my
attention Toshi was not that Rendell
door she had a watch reader and she was
not the Brendel yes it'd be very careful
the dogs will have to get used to that
nope see this book box Oh outside the
circle you're adventurous I see what
looks said you look like a pig and that
makes me happy yeah she's about four
months she was born August 1500s she's
older than that isn't see Olga September
September October children average
January abundance hey I'm gonna say for
you why are you something like that I'm
just saying for you so cute there's a
vet appointment tomorrow you're going to
the vet tomorrow she's going to the
airline just to get checked out you
always take a new puppy to the vet let
me guess she smells like Toshi
yeah these are my Bulldog French cards
do not smell good they are stinky dog
okay French Bulldog they look like pigs
and that's the closest I can get the
closest I can get right now
until mr. Billy buys me one until you
get to a million you're not far off from
a million and a quarter way there ah
look at your face you look so much like
a pig did you know yes you do Oh
whatever Ivan this is me Annie she likes
horses
that's Haley she bursts boobs I'm Katie
I like pigs like you guys are gonna be
besties we just got to think of a name
how our name were you guys so surprised
girl okay I saw mr. Billy walking over
and they didn't notice I know I saw your
face
do they know about that or should I just
keep myself in and then and I almost
cried I think she would have told me
hey let's say my name NATO's name circle
okay um a girl named Springs we're doing
a name sir mom Lyla
Rachel Tigger
that's not a girl named minyan um oh
goodness I don't know I got one orange
pumpkin spice KC
do you know what oranges I gotta look
things up online
George was totally named whole dog Oh
before we got her all right I like seven
Clemen Clementine Clementine it's Feeny
more plumber Pig I like on no lemon
minyan is so hard to say but maybe in
our mini mini where's Minnie and Winnie
true and then the dogs would be like
Minnie know any no you go no you feel me
you feel yeah how about a gizmo
yeah yes gizmo gizmo is mostly as cats
name though that's really yeah could be
whatever we want it to be what do you
want your name to be cuz Katie not there
maybe she thought me Smee okay she's a
jungle gym on your leg got these to me
now
just kind of put her in it watch my
channel what I think really cute picture
oh but you're not that happy birthday
daddy post hey daddy got a dog happy
birthday daddy you got us a dog you guys
a dog we can really daddy did get the
dog for him too mainly he wanted a puppy
tap to focus
oh gee close-up on the dog
we're trying to think of a name for you
not always like is you are calling gizzy
but the kids or is he petunia why are we
why don't I like Moe why don't you know
bug is Moe and Moe why don't we find out
what John G would nickname her I like
moe moe think about it we'll think first
daddy has it aside trait what are you
something play it hey lay there and be
weird okay oh she can't get up you need
help
hi little puppy I need a puppy
we love the other dogs out now just
kidding that never a happy birthday by
the way mr. Burley take your jacket off
and stay away Manny
you can't just hog the dog up on the dog
new dog huh your hog spinning not Pig
you're a hog Oh TV over the dog huh okay
ready lift the no stretch stretch
stretch oh she likes the camera whoo
she's a star I told you to get used to
this stress ha ha stretchy little doggy
that's cute right there hmm are you a
pig yes she is
hey no Bradley announcing you are a pig
look at your ears are too big for your
face
I get Chihuahua acute care for having a
little Segway hoverboard
Artie Ryan's first time on the
hoverboard amazing oh she loves the
little puppy is no name still we join we
show Georgie we're thinking about Jean G
after John G and then calling her Gigi
for short
they don't like her idea I think it's
brilliant
Jean G what do you think about John G
universe Latin let's flatten he like
black flattened even a bitch she's my
favorite soccer Wow he is black bull dog
that would be one thing but she's not
God think so she is the guy hey Georgie
Danny daddy gets in the siding named Joe
G now GG for short Josie
so maybe there's no G right and we call
our GG I think that's perfect
it's official it's only official and
when daddy says it's official people at
work say bonjour Joseph mojo Jean Jean I
love it
you gotta go with it you named Piper
what was a brilliant name of course Gigi
ended up with the paper you left him
hanging do you get another try
I just should say just yeah no one's up
not officially oh my gosh look what I
owe you get that did you wanna know she
was wearing you oh my I think she's cold
guys oh that's so cute
that's a precious you are you cold
yes and then we always in they grow out
of them because we get up for them when
they're puppies and then Charlie hi have
you guys even fit how do you guys even
fit in you have to squeeze in there I
just run in a chain is anybody touching
the top and are you in the top right now
no everybody I like out of the bottom
right now
right then I'm at the bottom and in the
top so we're all anybody's like you're
in a chain on the slaughter yes and
later I don't know hard or way more oh
yeah
linens gonna be obviously successful I'm
on the time and like any late okay hey
you know oh yeah baby come to grab onto
you really good clown car we just keep
coming
cha-cha-cha is oh dear mr. belly what he
want happy birthday to you man
oh my gosh bye good night see you
tomorrow we will and kidding mrs. her
aunt Katie misses her oh that was fun
impromptu birthday dinner since we had
so much puppy time that we forgot to eat
your hot Oh puppy time we are going to
ice your leg while you have some puppy
time but I shall like me means stick it
outside yeah you could literally do that
we're home
Annie's icing we've introduced the dogs
they're doing pretty good and Haley has
an announcement is Gigi so we can
probably do a question of the day no you
have a nice long enough but we'll move
you over what should the question of the
bday be if you could have animals yeah
you got any animal what would it be
hey what kind of animal would it be
Annie Oh what would you name for what
would you name it yeah what would you
need me mmm stop going under them what
would you name it Gigi any energy Annie
really like - I like Zoe but I still
like Gigi okay so you do is it Zoe
though yeah if you could name it
anything you have enough fur for sure
for no not like another dog for nothing
for another dog you do Zoe alright guys
so we'll see you tomorrow and we'll se
you see you tomorrow we'll say see you
tomorrow and we'll see you tomorrow and
you and you welcome to the family will
have to slide you down the slide happy
birthday to you
we have to go to the other house and
slider down the slide that's what we
gave with Halden yep don't we do that
with Riley yeah we did
hey what are you right yeah I think we
did Oh
good tie did we do 20 yeah we did swanee
pretty sure we do it to all of them go
get down
yeah now we have 300 what was daddy
think I know him the best idea ever
yeah we should have two and boob job
while we're at it
yeah buddy Bert maybe play Pete up like
a weed be a zoo animal fan alright guys
we'll see you tomorrow
hey babe
thanks for watching
Brit Ailey
