time for my Daisy good morning sunshine
how's it going oh good to be back in our
house after a long week
yeah we have big plans today do you know
what they are I told you when I first
woke you up and I'm not sure of you
we're functioning yes yes dance yeah
it's me
Fitz gymnastics meet that's it
but they're big plans because a meet
takes a long day so we're pretty much
gonna be out all day me super fun oh I
know the other one going to pick up Liv
and Annie
call the sleepover yeah I've been
between that's first miss Jin is on her
way right now and then we'll jump in the
car with her any second
Amy miss Jen we're waiting any man any
wait any day day any week any month we
are dressed and went outside did you go
back to film it oh um justice' so it's a
sista sista sista so uh uh uh yeah so
it's like everything out bitch wrong
look big bro right I'm still going what
that's good what about if I like snowed
and then you could ice ice skate yeah oh
and I think if that freezes and you can
go ice skating on it hey Emily I want
you to get over your have like three
months four months you already told me
that what people that used to live here
they when it froze in the winter they
skyscraper that's so cool Danny okay
mama mom um so me and lover just packing
up a bag right now
and we're just going to relax so first
we leave then we pick from lumber so
they read your what and we go to dance
then we could dance and then so our it's
either the dinner or not diner to diner
or dance not house nope both but we're
going to dance okay
and after dance we're going to Sydney is
it snowing on earth
seriously I think it's no guys it's
knowing it is it snowing it's snowing
well I'm not in choose but okay it's
nice no no one cares okay stay yeah a
little bit of snow coming down
Wow like snow flurries so you can get it
I don't think it's gonna show up
legit snow flurries that's pretty
exciting first this first now o
bumpity-bump
what's all this excitement about alright
where's the million dollar question what
yeah yes we film loss yes he came
through and this morning
what Oh Jim bonus and be filmed the
question is what's your favorite
childhood memory whoa bonus everyone is
as you say love I said probably when we
went to Disney World or when uh hanging
out with her on her birthday I said when
I push down
I'm not mad at the chair that was your
favorite childhood memory you gonna
remember this salad man yeah like why
not Australia a bra hey could happen to
recently me I make me long ago like a
little that's okay everyone else to be
do this actor on the beach whoa we've
done that before I went to handstand
with Emily on a skill on a curse kill
that's awesome I saw that on musically
yeah I told you fix the wall I am so out
of the gate because of musically I know
like a lot that went down last night
she was laughing like we are up to date
when I fell on my head I thought I was
sweating so I was like
hello hurt herself so we really have to
die today today to put on how you do
something you yeah she went like it into
a straddle you really liked it I and she
bumped her head on a runner up of a
speaker and I was like how you knew that
like she wasn't okay because I went
silent and we were all aquiver yo kg
like I died Hungry Hungry Hippos needed
a snack before dance I only had like two
senators but we're gonna do hair you
have about five minutes would you feel
pressured oh we're done we just need to
put it in the bud now
good light
first I happen
theremin
able to live bun be look like live out
my
did you twist it so what this campus
she's got a teach me it's a great home
there's they're teaching me that all
right I'm so glad that the hair is done
my size to you let's get our dance on
daddy Kelly they like to stop being cute
when I turn the camera on it's not very
nice what and then they make faces like
that like I think you need training of
course it is first
what are you doing
look at the muscles in your arms and so
you get so embarrassed I got better
muscles I can't see lives muscles you
don't have muscles they're just covered
up good guys can read that good so why
do you think more marksmen like this I
love your right up all your weight is
not necessarily over short and
distributed differently like in a
pancake I mean it's just teaching you to
see I have no clue we did but you tell
us we don't ask question okay needle
scales off the wall
oh my gosh they're right I love it it is
yes you did it guys
get your head as high as you can to arch
it out good such a hot foot whoa it's
really coming down that snow look at the
snow Wow we may be knew what we should
you can't you like wait I'm never gonna
finish ah not today mate ah-ha-ha makes
me we should do pretty risky what'd she
do this is you fun doing we should again
Wow oh she's gonna go vote mustache or
like a legit mustache I think you legit
mustache
Oh make it the side just I get the basis
oh my just got my go ahead I'm ripping
all right let's get the car cuz it's
getting all in my purse and yeah that's
great yeah so I have no kids with me
Katie's got all the kids uh I think
Sydney's gymnastics meet so I decided I
would vlog don't know why um I decided
I'm gonna go look at dogs not that we're
gonna get a dog I just like to look and
I don't know do some stuff today
maybe I'll vlog a little no earrings we
have a little extra time after we ate to
do a little shopping and we went and up
what they called Francesca's so yeah she
was worried that her earring was gonna
go in so we stopped into Starbucks and
we're giving our jewelry and getting
some hot chocolate
uh-huh I got this necklace that says
stays on and why is that special I go in
town
oh you don't can I tell ya no all right
I'll tell you later
oh you really won't say can I say later
sure okay so I'm here let me see what
kind of puppies they have um if I get
one Katie's gonna kill me but just for
the record I might we're trying to
convince Hayley to show us what she got
Eiffel Tower earring coming out earrings
earrings and the coolest ring ever that
she won't let us say hearing in your
very parting but about a mom you're very
talented out his poops it is like more
like a ring yeah ring put it on and Joey
your finger it's a little X pretty cool
around got big girl jewelry deciding
what's been fun fun little girls day
miscalculation place was closed oh well
time to find something else today you're
watching with me and she just Amitabh ah
she didn't really well
I actually do double back so yeah now
she had to learn NetBeans
yeah we're Sydney asked me the hardest
part about a parking lot is trying to
find your car where did we park where oh
where lip that would be funny
the snow is gone that was short-lived
yeah why is your car so dry that's
creepy
wait so I just didn't make a video and
my mom suggested bold because the last
time I did natural and she suggested
bold so I had to put an eyeliner and
here's how I went and sure oh my gosh I
should have done that I should have done
before and after I could have like been
standing here and holding it the same
way oh my should have done nomad I'll
just take it off and in a minute gone oh
she could do that I could after I take
my makeup off do before and then my mom
could edit it in I might do that
um but I'm going to pack all my stuff up
does all of it is like all on the floor
so gonna take this off gotta take a bath
gotta get ready for bed okay so mine
dinner in the house we got some
leftovers going and some fruit and
veggies and shrimp so I had an idea for
the question of the day cuz it's been a
while since we've done it how about
high-low oh yeah who wants to explain it
for our new subscribers I low is the win
high is um wearing a happy day right the
happiest part of your day and look
behind halo is the sad part
yeah like the worst part of your night
right yeah okay so do you have a
high-low hi I'm excited that we've
insisted since me go well I'm not
excited that we didn't stay for the
whole time thank you
all what was left was vaults I would
have stayed anniebanany all right hi
I got these super cute I also have
another super cute sweatpants to say I
can I will
end of story I got to do money and which
is already gone
yeah are dashed I didn't musically aadmi
first be makeup i w and then not a
makeup mmm so hmmmm I love begin with my
to fast
mmm yeah do you want to explain why you
picked your knit necklace now you're
still good yeah we can Haley explain it
I will it no you don't know why she got
the faith necklace yeah
I'll tell Haley okay I'm not gonna do it
without any permission can I say it okay
so so the faith necklace came from
scheana remember when we went to the
hospital yeah okay and yeah it was this
little thumb stones I'll go get one and
show it and we all got to close your
eyes and grab one well hers was faith do
you know where they are what was yours
okay you go chat live laugh love mine
was sing so bring them out there on my
nightstand uses for mines yellow or red
I'm not sure okay I'm gonna do a
musically did then a little Little Italy
after you eat a little little little
dinner
what is this what you're gonna do what
you're gonna do nothing there you not do
it yeah yeah what you're gonna do what
you're gonna do with your veggies you
know broccoli
yeah almost remove it through itchy
that's the same Brandt Martha hey here's
faith that one's a knees it is orange so
this is the one she drew so now you know
face has a special little meaning so
then she found a necklace babe I like to
play whose let's play this play excuse
you dude I don't know whose play was oh
here
no I'm saying Oh vision so I mean I
think that I don't know whose was whose
Katie took hers home right I got then
Katie was there with us dad so she
pulled one out too there's yours
oh yeah mine's in my closet mine wasn't
on my nightstand whoa wait
so Live Love Laugh live love these
stones are pretty special you still say
the least and let's get a good look at
her necklace yeah that feels so good
Tom Piper yeah and it's a beautiful
necklace I gotta see if it'll follow
cauliflower that's faithful beautiful
Joey who's the best for last
uh your new ring we're like
all right so I guess that's it for the
high-low oh yeah okay my high was having
a little girls day with YouTube girlies
and Liv and her mom and Milo was I
didn't get to sleep in was we got a lot
accomplished like like the hinges yeah
mommy sinking I'm good
got a new faucet not a new sink new
faucet and Milo is I went to the pet
store
cuz I was gonna buy myself a pack for my
birthday
you cannot buy yourself a would take
care of that all right high five
I don't wanna take the bag ba okay
thanks for watching
but Hayley now if you replay that to the
end of the video ah babe thanks for
watching
Brit Ailee
