today um Bailey oh you gotta make a
phone we are tying juice it is seven
o'clock in the morning I just called the
car we are on our way to North Carolina
for a sold-out show
in Charlotte Rock your hair is coming
for you Haley is coming for you Annie
look look Annie is ready look how ready
she is mmm vitamins okay so we are
literally ready to go we've got all our
bags packed over here by the door we've
got Annie's equipment we are ready to go
card can be here in like three minutes
we're heading down if you guys want to
get tickets for rock your hair not you
guys but these guys tickets are selling
out Charlotte sold out we were gonna
have tickets at the door but there are
no tickets left so links down below to
get your tickets so you get yours before
they sell out or go into a few stops
look how responsible he is okay let's
get the day started
oh my gosh that sounded like shout-out
videos look we got all our bag we're in
line to get home check and then we go
through security and I believe they're
probably the first ones here we got here
kind of early the way we like to get you
Haley
cover your yawn and but we'll see
everybody on the other side of security
we're traveling together we've got we've
got Jimmy and the Hayden or we all but
we talk we have a conversation at the
same time yeah you're vlogging and I'm
vlogging and not about the same thing
and Nicole and rush and Brooke we're all
on the same flight but we're kind of
spread out so hopefully we get some
seats together it'll all work out
now we can watch any stretch move it
little things keep going
you going
keep going you're gonna run into that
pole I got you though
now you're stretching your snapchatting
while riding a suitcase oh how you
welcome back
we no one did their hair today I did
actually I did put I did take a brush
through my mat when I say no one I mean
these ones IMI's already in North
Carolina right yeah North Carolina is
lucky to have him and will be there soon
we're taking over Charlotte
I'm watching The Lion King
well maybe he loves pickles know me to
buy you a pickle
Oh hailey do you need a pickle you okay
there's two left it must be faith it
means root I'm telling you something by
the pickle
all right so we are at the airport
waiting for our next flight that Ward's
in about five minutes
what the heck what's better than a
pickle in a vending machine there's not
much better in life
hi how is this how do you say how are
you gonna do that without making a mess
one big happy family uh he's got the
technique oh we're being oh you drink
the juice is everybody ready go little
flavor
okay Haley he's don't leave him hanging
oh that's so cute
hey Brooke I'd raid the big ball well
they delicious everybody ate the pickle
it was the community pickle the
principal
yes everyone saw an example plenty
Russia didn't get on yet here we go
Annie Did you touch that scared me Did
you touch the plane on the last flight
oh we touch the outside of the plane
like that one we get on for a lot way to
go
they fly by anyone play fly my heroes
along but it's not working why buy so
high B flat is that nothing moves only
yeah there's a fly birds of a feather
but there's also fly the cover she did
there it is
Wow what'd you do
where's the other one we're a mess we're
kind of like a traffic jam here
we all playing a game of guest name that
tune uh-oh I don't want to sit next to
you
oh my gosh no but you've opened it
already right so now you're just making
it flat
videos
sorry ever had to do on the first plate
Brooke can go wherever she wants Shara
you're in Charlotte North Carolina guys
I brought North Carolina oh y'all are
gonna work out tonight you know hey
guess what I'm not okay
the third wheel to their guys night all
right so we're gonna get a car and we're
going to go to dinner I'm old the hotel
and I think we're gonna have dinner at
the hotel and then someone's working out
or something yeah we're working out
before you're working out before you eat
no no I'm eating I can't eat before I
work out what's that face for bro she's
like yeah it's close you can smell the
cinnamon from Cinnabon we're gonna go
get our bags and we're gonna get to the
hotel
we didn't get very far you guys we're
still at the restrooms
yeah I get it now where's rush all right
now we're moving because we weren't
hungry we just ate a lot and hurry but
we were like this and now me and Brooke
are eating it doesn't make a whole
oh my gosh we're eating we're eating
snacks right now
happening it's gonna it's been a while
hasn't it okay dude do your thing
hotel room - over yeah just make
yourself at home
oh that Ben is pretty that's the first
thing I noticed all right go to the view
well we're on the 14th mm all right
nice let's go check out the bathroom
we're like in the way oh no bathtub so
he looked for bathtub to wash Hailey's
hair all right my friends the whole
thing Wow hailey Kimmy yes please put a
robe on
yes like actually please please do this
I'm doing that okay I am doing this
kidding
it is cute you can just put on over your
clothes okay okay here you look like you
are ready to go lay in a bed rock your
hair concert we're gonna just get some
beauty rest for it
and he's hanging with the kids he's
gonna be back in a little while hmm this
hotel is really pretty oh you gotta make
a phone call it's a dial tone Haley
hello
yeah yeah yeah I like um yeah now some
pancakes
yeah hang gigs if you like are you so
funny if you ordered every item Aguila
on rooms are below ordering every item
on room service don't we are so starving
you want to order room service
yes okay okay we gotta find the menu all
right we'll be back with it we decide
what we want this is where Annie and
Hailey are totally different hanging
we'll find it
Annie would never do this okay so we
need to in room dining yes so pick up
the phone wait what what why does
something ring oh you push the button
already
oh I hung up I didn't know you'd push it
okay try again
hello can I have the honey roasted
turkey breast
No
the the honey roasted turkey breast and
then the chicken built a panini no can I
also have the chicken BLT panini with a
dr. pepper are you serving dessert coke
you guys have Coke Pepsi okay I'll have
a Pepsi no that's that's it okay thank
you
No you can only do that with my
permission you did so good daily in with
permission from me you may order room
service
did he goes that brochures like off the
kids menu because you sounded very adult
I mean you have a child's voice but you
got a very polite I was awesome dial
tone no you're done on the phone child
no well yeah cuz you came in here okay
call me yeah
okay okay okay I was pranking them yes
just kidding that was Wow
okay guys I'm crazy and I do weird stuff
on YouTube thank you thank you all right
my friends Haley and I can't make it
anymore Annie and daddy oh I just sat on
her feetsies annie and daddy are
downstairs hanging
we don't want we're tired not that we
don't want to be down bad but we're
talking of the day all right let's see
here yours cuz I've got one two I would
want to go blonde but I'm too scared cuz
I mean I like my dark hair but I'm not
gonna I'm not gonna dye my hair blonde
but I'm just saying I go extreme and I'd
go blonde Lord you do like that was like
kind of rainbow and I don't think it
focused but oh it was like it was like
okay so it was pink and then rainbow
strands and okay red purple blue and
what's the other one apparently she's
been looking this up lately
maybe when you're 21
um your or 18 I guess I really really
can't well 18 is an adult technically
really you would let me go at 18 well
technically I don't think I can tell you
I can't I could talk to and hopefully
you'd still listen boy I think you need
to be you but at 9 you don't really know
how to you know aside if that's the
right thing for you so I have to say no
not at 9 and Haley go colorful I would
go blonde you guys comment down below
what color you would dye your hair if
you were allowed to or if
you weren't like afraid that any color
what would you just do and maybe even
the good question is what would you do
like dye your hair for a day just to see
and then it would go back to normal so
comment down below that and stay tuned
I'm not gonna turn it off
stay tuned for tomorrow the big
adventure of rock your hair and
Charlotte and that's a pretty blue
exactly yeah but you're not if it was
for if it was for like a something yeah
like a part in a show or something I
would hope that we would like just do
like extensions are a wig or something
but anyway anyway off that subject
tomorrow's gonna be so fun it's going to
be a crazy day just like all the
concerts so tune in and see some behind
the scenes of what goes on with these
rock your hair concerts and we'll see
you tomorrow guys it's gonna be a long
day
babe babe
thanks for watching
Britt Ailey
