tailee
hey guys so I just was playing around
with makeup and anyways good morning um
today I woke up I did school I shot a
makeup video for my channel and you
should go and check that out if you want
to see how to do this and that's what it
that's Haley and yeah so now I have to
go get ready for gymnastics so I like
enclosed because I had to do video and I
didn't want to be in my pajamas yeah
I've got to go take this off and I've
got to go to gymnastics anyway so yeah
see you oh jeez then roll that beautiful
4k footage little sunny right here let
me get a better angle so here's the
thing guys when we were filming last
week bratayley makes history one of the
amazing cameramen had the same camera
that we had our 4k camera that we're not
using anymore and he showed us how to
put it in 4k so part of this video this
this clip should be in 4k we think we
figured it out we stopped using this
camera cuz it messed the memory card up
if you remember and it was a whole
disaster we lost footage it was stinky
just be a 4k whoa talk about bratayley
make this tree one 4k high where you
were in 4k it was really bright over
there so this is probably better so if
you guys have a 4k computer this clip
right here I'm fortune you gotta let us
know if this footage is amazing
beautiful in 4k now not the whole videos
4k
justise just this clip right now with
the beautiful 4k dogs so comment below
if you have a 4k TV or a camera and you
think that this footage looks amazing
kick they were sunbathing or sunbathe go
bathe in some Suns you need a regular
bath house alright so we just wanted to
see how this works
for the second try okay we'll see you
guys later and regular for 10 over 2 and
1080 look at all her 4k G Piper you
can't step on her
alright now back to 1080 boom or yeh we
don't know so um yeah both girls
practice ended it for today but um we're
still waiting on Haley how come her
practice is runnin late in yours wasn't
here they come
as crystals pointing to where they're
supposed to go there's birthday party
anyways hey Annie's eaten a big bag of
cereal I asked daddy to pack a snack
because we were running so late today
well one of the things he packed don't
eat that one of these you packing at
least no big bag of cereal but I guess
there was some other healthy things on
there not that cereals that unhealthy
but it was just funny cuz look at it she
opened her bag to get a snack and I'm
like oh wow I'm glad though getting from
one okay well no those are coming so
let's go we got to get you to your
sleepover oh it's right there so
sleepover your red cameras in your back
are you gonna get some epic sleepover
footage
cool Annie's in charge guys of the video
if there's only two minutes of a video
after this she's to blame big
responsibility to be in charge of the
video can she do it ladies and gentlemen
you just said good yay
we were waiting on you this time usually
we're all sitting here waiting on it hey
Annie
hey hey Annie you're hey Annie I'm sorry
called without the other day all right
let's get this show on the road
are you guys ready to sleep over you
ready
balloons want to be in it okay okay
Thank You Carol oh why is it private
yeah you know people are just gonna be
able to go watch it you don't like
people watching me do be either I can't
talk like this anymore about the head of
the sleepover so we'll see you later
Longman yo maybe you remember Justin
Bieber yeah okay what what is the one
that alone oh yeah that one only zone
you Lonnie the only Justin Bieber's on
would be like yeah she's a moment wise
little pal live live and he's gonna be
in charge of getting the rest of the
footage for the night can you help her
remember she's got her red camera why is
it Oh Robin
look like they lose focus and lock the
doors internal I'm still low now he's
here if after country singers were up
for 9/11 I think a year which is the
same thing as a killer or the countries
are here alright so now it's under
Europe it's your fault - if there's no
good video after I'm done
can you handle this pressure the video
ends here it's both their faults it's
the handshake that doesn't ever end it's
not over yet oh you up multiple okay
fine go with an ugly barnacle it was so
ugly at everyone died and you like my
hair go story sequence re right Pinter
stuff yeah you guys go do it inside ah I
have to sleep over
can you laugh and Taif Carson day just a
hair what's what I shouldn't do uh okay
I'm a mom um um um um um here's your
right what's your favorite
childhood memory when we got stuck in
this slide at Great Wolf Lodge pillows
right yes we're good
Jerry knew where a pillow did you know I
uh okay oh no um no I don't really
remember it but it's on video
I bet counts doesn't it pushing you
richer getting my betrayer
you got mad admire and kept standing it
up and I didn't want it there so I
pushed him thumb and let's put it back
up hey is it blue chamber top is a chair
I think it is that the question of the
day mm-hmm I think spending your
birthday with you fun yes I can get you
think of my favorite childhood memories
a she and I don't know come back to me
it's even sadder Disney World this year
I'm gonna be warm enough
yeah are you sure yeah man down Lou
what's a classic favor uptown hands-on
so my goal I went to the Ravens game I
pop one off the floor okay I don't
traffic memory it wasn't really a
childhood memory can I see my favorite
memory is like Bahamas ourselves off
yeah my damn memory is obviously or the
ride away ball when I was little no my
my yeah my probably was when I got my
beam for Christmas two years ago my I
was running a yoga and then I am now
have all the pillows siren - hey Connie
hello my favorite and muddy
yeah wood with me Kim's okay I love this
pillow oh and when we all fell asleep on
the bed oh yeah that was myself so my
don't forget to comment down below cuz
we wallow the question
Ultra childhood memory baked potato baby
thanks for watching Britt Ailey
