time for my hello it's me so I'm about
to go to gymnastics whoo and uh me and
mommy our behavior Kentucky today to
have my shootin gnostics practice and um
yeah warming up and compete in all
events and then we're leaving on a plane
and then we come back Sunday yeah
wait who so much to watch Hayley you
me no how you gonna get her take it to
go with you okay all right you ready to
do some gymnastics tell your heel Phil's
do go so die and he's leaving in mommy's
going Judy's in anything so Hayley is
supposed to be doing school right now
but since I'm about to walk out the door
about 15 minutes I said that we could
hang out for a little while before I
leave but instead she's riding around on
her hoverboard you know what I haven't
been online a long time I'm gonna ride
hoverboards with you okay that's what
we'll do for 15 minutes been so long I
don't even know if this is charged it
wasn't on the charger the battery life
connection does successfully oh but a
long time since I've been on here my
foots not on right okay got it
it's been like a few days oh good
chickens back back of the house how did
you go over these this carpet so easily
always I always feel like I'm gonna fall
you chicken bite as you go so like
really just like that what are you and
Daddy gonna do while we're gone okay
make a cake and save me some crumbs
remember you promised crumbs
you promised Annie to pieces and you've
all promised me crumbs did your men just
fall out it up out of your mouth what
got you backed into a corner now little
lady
oh wait wait for me so trying to back
you into a corner all right Haley do you
know your schedule so that daddy yeah
daddy doesn't forget when to take you to
gym hey or 55 okay and you know you have
to NASA claytor on this week - oh yeah
yeah - gymnastics practices um you have
to remember to go to bed it regular
times and brush your teeth
I don't forget to your gymnastics bag
and get your rest
yeah ah I make sure you make the he
feeds you daddy take me fries meals a
day what okay what kind of world do we
live in a world here we come kind of
we're going to the airport to go to
Kentucky but same thing okay perfect
yes I introduced receipt just for you
thank you so much I could have put it in
the back online now Katie mr. see action
okay
haha no I said every time in lives car
and why it's not here makes me feel good
at all
I know then you can see quite a personal
thing and this came back to my soup yes
that I can like coach I think there's a
rule about jeans and boots we're gonna
go try to find line dancing right yeah
by the place yeah I found a line dance
that we can learn to stopping him send
it to me it's video we just watch it
yeah oh my gosh that's gonna be so much
fun she's gonna be very sad as easy as
them
we always said we did Mitchell Labor's
daily yeah that was a mess getting on
you we were falling all over each other
oh you pinched it getting a little Jamba
Juice before we head on to the plane
orange tea booster what yep drop vitamin
C
nice vitamin C antioxidants good job
nice pick any did yours have anything in
an organic fruit strips it's all free
over here's our stars
you
yours are better nothing
be all good
hmm
you have pockets travelling problems
what
she live texted me
is it school break right now it was at
lunch break oh thanks
I'm really excited so she did her your
Hanko today so she gets to compete it
right green thank you green means
healthy though you're going to try to
spear at each other now again while you
this humongous girl
Oh
we made it have you been to Kentucky for
except we're not in Kentucky yeah where
are we on Ohio run Ohio Ohio grounds so
I can check out make sure it no i am i
oh sorry is the restroom does that count
oh that totally counts if we use an Ohio
restroom we have arrived
an Ohio handsome picture that we do need
a high bathroom and hand stands in a
hole it's official sit in front of the
Ohio Starbucks yep totally official a
little loud my ears and my son pop mine
just popped so apparently we're just
gonna hang out in the Dayton Airport the
cars ready
I'm miss Jill is announced that we can
go at any time
but nobody's even really pink no is
really listening is checking their
Instagram and whatever like it's very
awesome dream places Oh Emma dreams
faces yes so you guys just want to get a
room here and when he's a heart eat
dinner at the airport he could we could
do that I suppose there's a competition
tomorrow I feel like if you have you
tomorrow by like formal we're good we
don't really know Raj they're fine yeah
they're oblivious no idea that's our
Chuck right we're all fighting whether
pigs what things are photoshopped when
it not Photoshop how is he something
that's a swimming elephant it's probably
a real picture okay so we're gonna try
to drag these kids out you might see us
here again maybe if the next clip we're
still here and it didn't work it didn't
work and it for the next clip for in the
rental then it did work simple you look
cozy I rehearsed yes we can't do
anything
like me alright so as cozy as you look
you gotta step if she is nothing you
don't know how to navigate
we got an e on the nav system G we're
gonna go shopping in from yeah we might
find them all I don't know if you can
find the hotel we're breaking they're
holding their breath
I need you doing you always watch your
Bethenny go through a tunnel any dude
reason you go through a tunnel yeah
crazy girl me name is Neil yeah I didn't
breathe underwater I try to get right
she's got gills right now do I do you
working at 53 their loss 0.3 turn left
onto Walnut Street this is us trying to
navigate through Cincinnati Sycamore I
gotten better today Stadium again I got
a little long ahead Parliament big been
partying things again so it's the next
street
take a lap it's pretty guys are cool it
is it's really neat good big mini put
the phone down and enjoy the site
alright over again every time we have
make a wrong turn you get to enjoy it
hey you're admiring this video over the
bridge I hope you are hey everybody what
is this we're going over a pole you're
paying attention now yay I'm telling you
pulling me yay okay point five turn
right up at three oh look at this TV is
sounds ready
there's a stadium over there London
Bridge is falling down
okay you guys who knows the name of this
river
Cincinnati remarried you guys no come on
you guys the Ohio River hello everybody
whoa hello I used to live in Louisville
Kentucky and we're really Ohio River but
my gosh I know like are those wipers are
over there there's like a button there
whoa got it okay wait oh my gosh must be
turning for defeat really right or left
right on Christmas later cool yeah
bringer yes yeah I love my co-pilot yes
I'm really good okay 300 feet take a
line like handout in here all right so
we didn't get you a room so you and
Annie will be staying here in the trunk
I'll bring you a blanket okay okay well
Annie Annie is too busy it's probably
working Annie your friends at a trunk
she doesn't care
you okay but numbers
actually closing window Aaron let's just
test it out if you let me know okay I'm
not going to really close it all the way
I'm just saying
you have a light you like near the keys
I do still makes me nervous though I
don't know if I really want to close it
haha okay and the truck that makes me
really nervous
take a roller coaster like keep the
light probably there should be a relief
it's right here there's a release I said
pull but I'm trying
perfect see this is just educational you
can't be locked in a trunk you couldn't
get it there's got to be in here I think
I think they have to have like a safety
latch there's what is pull right here
writing desk receipt
oh you can walk that way here pull that
are you sure yeah I think look I think
the seats on them and here's one too I
recall is how to get out of a truck oh
yeah
whoo you guys could sleep
Oh
you saw it
well done Thank You Steven yellow you're
very welcome
I think we're going through the floors
oh this is fun whoa oh that's a pretty
full or anything just go just get out
tonight what are we doing dang my oh oh
hello are you going who's driving this
banana night one it you know the drill
wow this is nice ah can you hold the
door so I can get my bag in and then
we'll go check out the view ha ha ha oh
my oh my gosh it's like a handstand
picture how yeah
remember we did the handstand print
picture in New York against the window
but this doesn't have a big enough flash
no does not everything I go like this
it's kriti there's the bridge we were on
we just got some pretty amazing footage
and I didn't realize I had my camera
here so if you want to see anything that
you might want to go check her channel
because I did not know my camera was so
it was sitting right here I'm like oh I
wish I had my camera but it's in the
other room it was here the whole time
you guys use the best of the trials and
tribulations of you I know youtuber
problems guys there was bridge there was
a bridge this is though this is no high
or if I I do video
no coach we're a handstand
workouts in hotels who knew is alright
we're gonna try to try around I'll try
that
oh yeah yeah it is as fast as your
trainer okay
and then the challenge is bouncing after
it
whoa you got a pair away so you have to
bounce Hanson and taking stuff yeah what
have you get older than you don't
together yeah that is maybe do one at a
time man Stan hack your way Patsy and we
used to play this game who could get the
BAM
coach Mary is genius oh no this is gonna
be like a tradition uh-huh Tessa that
some beds are hard yes nice hey no don't
touch her I don't know if anybody was
counting yes so then we start to make
rules like you can only do two hand
movements for how up the rounds a little
bit aunty only two hands turn nice and
ticular like push it in yeah yeah good
nice control you'll have lost it there
oh I like the rule that you change it
because they start to walk it gets a
little more challenging do you think we
go to gamers broke with anybody
diversity grants it be careful kid like
wow oh we gotta test these beds out
bouncier yeah all right so now that
we've done some cool things in the room
that I didn't even realize out of my
camera we're gonna go get some dinner
cuz they have a meet tomorrow Katie
actually has two meats this weekend she
has four national meat
yeah after the regular meat so pretty
exciting stuff going on this weekend
just like this I'm not
and you should be wearing your shoes
askew
yeah cuz we're leaving because I'm
hungry eat it I don't know we're reading
it but you're plenty in chicken liquor I
know that sounds random but we chicken
Russia we just want a car what does it
call the exhaust a car and it's really
cold so cold makes us the hot exhaust
mixes with the cold air and then church
hymns like smoke stunts and Katy smells
liquorice and then I also said it's only
chicken that's right
chicken licorice so we get to go walk
under the Roebling bridge we just found
out we're on our way to dinner the
rolling bridge to Bloomberg let's have
her to bleep let em that's how your mom
said where's blah blah blah cavern there
she's like all right here it was so
funny it was so funny how we had to be
there
my apologies but so far so good there's
the bridge we need quickly wait till the
morning to do a handstand picture Oh
Knights way better okay
very exciting stuff he's like always
time for a handstand picture but coach
mary is the queen of handstand pictures
so she should probably tell you where to
do it
not special I am special even though
I've got these accents we're sooo not
special big object oh darn I'm happy to
tell those traffic decide will you stop
traffic stop can you climb up that let's
go everyone
just the step it's beautiful to me it's
gonna be okay
Dave you think that there will be
charges in this restaurant that we're
going to possibly because I have a
children there well the new came
prepared
do you think the people the pure action
energy and coming from Kentucky will see
one actually from Britain
probably not oh I don't think there's a
child I think that they're going to just
think we're a little cuckoo I think your
mother just asked if she thinks the
people of Cincinnati will actually think
that we're British
no I I agree I concur I don't think
there's a Chinese if you're just going
look at the picture beautiful let me see
oh it looks like a postcard nicely done
I got really scared because I had my
thang through this oh you know and tight
eyes I don't it
good save good I just did one test Jill
was filming it enough forward
well queen of the handstands says come
forward yeah miss Jill's gonna do it so
the moms joined in the fun yes coach
Mary's very impressed with our skills
right now yes push through your
shoulders don't fall off the ledge it's
like really kind of addicting
perfect BAM right
BAM yeah Cincinnati you are amazing yes
it is that's cool and it alight okay are
we gonna make it a traveling handstands
I don't know what it's what your Kula
was I not okay for me I was vertical if
I wasn't gonna go down it I'm gonna do
it again if I wasn't vertical right here
right here
can be vertical I'm vertical we have
ready for your article everybody I think
I pulled something that's okay okay
we're gonna make a run for it we're
under the bridge they've already crossed
are you ready a little nervous
ready go under the roving bridge success
Annie this is any favorite restaurant
ever there's no ground
because I happen libram that tavern so
much fun they're gonna color we're gonna
eat today good night
so yeah good night and night to James I
love you
Jim's daily Goods daily really I just
thought it was good night see you
tomorrow
now the girls have decided that a good
idea would be to ride around on the
elevators dancing yes oh my god shaking
the room
oh my god
will they get off wait oh one gets up
one normal skip stoic
Oh can we talk them into a handstand Oh
what's the International sign for Hansen
oh yes they're not looking
and then yeah yeah they're looking Stan
so they got it I got the memo
that was so funny twelve three nine
eight eleven eleven here and then a
handstand collapse right yeah you guys
could figure out what we're saying yeah
I was happy and you're like am I really
it was more time DUI handstand all the
way from the top to the bottom
challenge accepted yeah so here they are
sweater comes up
oh it's getting real jackets coming up
all right here we go bear up
you
look at that I'm so cool
you ain't they did it the whole way
and they're up
nice
Hung's ECU downs easier
thanks for the mow okay my battery's
about to die so this is probably oh
they're going up it's probably going to
be good night see you tomorrow for real
in case it does
oh my god all the
and they disappear they have to push the
button and back up
that is
and Thank You battery for hanging on
great job girls
way to go excellent you're a genetic Wow
my gosh what's going on but I'm loving
it
Oh
that was so cute so should we call it a
night did you like our coming back very
Jamaica we came back up in a handstand
that was pretty amazing nice I didn't
know what your guys gonna do next
surprise alright now for real
since the battery is pretty much drained
good night hey tomorrow Bay thanks for
watching
Britt Ailee
