time for me so we're going back to the
chiropractor because my foot still hurts
they've been trying to ice and now all
right it's not worrying at all same
thing I told you before though it didn't
start hurting overnight it's not going
to get better overnight
man babies man's word
where we by goofball
can you allow me that we need to get
Haley's glasses on the way back then
your ome on the way back that we need to
us on the way back okay what else we do
they oh yeah we're going to dance
Oh pictures today
do you have to have meat hair yeah
that's me what time do your pictures
before gymnastics well I kinda need to
know that
what timing she was to be there
we're going to dance before so Oh
what time is dance
you're so helpful I noticed earlier you
were like 2:15
you're so helpful so it's either ends or
starts at 2:15
is so helpful your super help alright so
it looks like Haley's got some stuff for
dance clothes and then daddy has
something to show you
look it's icing man any second I can't
love allure oh my goodness yes airheads
airheads
for what neat airheads for cakes
definitely need icing Jorge laughing Joe
is it a candy cake and it's a icing
spreader not all of them sorry oh so
what what are you gonna make Haley
you want to go get your um your book
your nerdy nummies come on alright let's
go get it I'm sure I'll see if it's out
there if not there's a video I've seen
the video hoping to go see if it's in
there now do you know what this is all
for no cooking yeah so mommy and Annie
as you know are leaving to go to a meet
in Kentucky and while we're gone daddy
thought it would be fun for you guys to
make a cake together a nerdy nummies
recipe men eat it and then eat it but
save me a piece one piece half a piece a
crumb not even a quick mani-pedis ha
yellow umbrellas I'm what so this week
is gonna be crazy because like I said
I'm going to Annie's meat and then I'm
flying back well Annie stays to watch
Katie
we have enough cameras to film all I
don't know and then we're going to
Haley's meet that Annie's Haley just
found out Annie's not gonna be at cuz
she's gonna be flying home and then we
may be getting on a flight that night to
go film Britt Haley makes history in the
three southern states there may be a
chance where you get off the plane and
get on another plane but we don't have
plane tickets for bratayley meet sister
yep
so maybe we'll leave Monday morning yes
why why is that a yes yes you're just uh
just like yeah yeah so that's gonna be a
this is gonna be a crazy crazy next week
yes everything hey guys so now it is
time for to do my meet hair I had
already told you guys but just in case
we I'm doing pictures tonight Haley did
them yesterday and I only have like one
PO so I still have to think of the poses
and right now
the only reason I'm going like this is
because they're putting down a towel
because I'm gonna do well put my feet in
ice water so yeah we're a little
crunched for time because we've got the
multi test yeah she's still gonna do
school we've got a ice we've got to do
meet hair for pictures she's got dance
and then pictures and gymnastics tonight
so we're yeah well don't
that's the key to that that's because it
like makes her cry and it seems like
we're torturing her yeah she's getting
used to it but you're just like they
send up this like tingle all the way
okay so I'm gonna do her hair she's
gonna do school and then we're gonna go
to dance that's plan it holds and hair
is done the Sun is bright in your room
what a beautiful view you have so we did
it ooh hoses I've been thinking about
your poses I'm gonna do this one if I
can hold it that one okay um more jumps
again let me say I think I find it even
yea my Abby's looks like it's longer on
this side come I have to pull it
like you did a fun jump yesterday
Haley wants to leave her hair from
yesterday but I'm thinking it needs to
be redone
because it's a frizzy frizzy from
sleeping you playing in makeup no it is
it is not going to nose pages created
monsters make up monsters not putting on
you know Haley it doesn't go on your
nose and you get to do just a little bit
for practice we shake it a little bit
you do a little bit for practice oh oh
have anything like Jim I was like yeah
oh that kind of practice no no no no not
for not for Jim practice for like to
practice at home I'm doing this one of
that oh not that not gonna fall down
hopefully I can hold it that um I need
help I think my voice
what about yeah si opposed from your
floor Dean yeah I like that one wait did
you do that last year yeah they're gonna
be the same pictures alright so we also
just did meet hair for Haley she doesn't
have a meet but she does on Sunday and
she didn't like the two buns the double
buns because she said the double buns
got in her way her backward roll so I
got done with a knees and I said hey
let's try yours so but now we're coming
down here for the test go do a backward
roll and see what we think no do it on
the mat it's got dog hair on it okay no
you're gonna kick that do it on the
floor if you want to I just figured
you'd want some cushion a backward roll
stand up
alright do a backward roll straight legs
and see if your bun gets in the way you
always do Holmes lit straight legs when
you stand up with straight legs
okay so we're gonna see like this we
might need to go a little higher if this
doesn't work I didn't get caught okay
yay she loves bun hair now do a mill
circle
oh no we do my routine good eye
you're borrowing
ya know warm up up with that yeah close
your eyes and your eyes were closed
all right we're here at dance and today
in the mail Annie's ex brace got here so
we're about 5 minutes early so we're out
here in the lobby testing it out oh it
does like the X brace is hurting it or
your heels still hurting this may not be
the magic potion that we were so hoping
for it's cool I don't get how that helps
but it's still cool see that's where it
gets its name its necks still I guess
Annie was hoping for a magic potion do
Kaylee's just watching today take it all
in Haley
yeah yeah that's pretty good that's
pretty honest where you gonna do nothing
yeah okay hopefully she's all your
weight dollars ready you say tanner
I know you can do that you change you
can do that you probably should cuz they
yeah good okay how do you feel about
that how do you feel about you are nice
girls let you don't say good all right
that's good oh look at this one head up
smile be proud of it took this woman
behind your head cuz you're cute I don't
do that please
good oh good I looked over that that's
my job miss y'all
- aw good enjoy thanks to Zach I let you
double sex okay
get comfy we've had a long day
Haley's gonna take a little bit of a nap
maybe oh oh goody
Piper's got that again you were really
gonna take a nap
all right why would you take a nap what
what what what something behind me
it's spelled Rosberg a row oh no I just
noticed that but it's still a cute
picture oh I've got one yours eyes
you're gonna wear your shirt with you on
it
not a bits color oh I forget that fix is
there any look daddy's been a busy busy
bee today he's been replacing the lights
in our mother's cable buns oh this one's
spelled right good
no don't whatever apparently not there's
some Annie ones we got these a long time
ago
we just didn't show them because I
forgot but then people were tweeting me
that they had bought some so I'm like oh
yeah um the maker the maker shop maker
Burch or something like the maker shop
no maker maker shop you can get your
very own Halley shirt we're working on
like new designs and stuff Baker shop
yep we're gonna get some new art and
stuff but and for the right to the elbow
our name is spot right on the side okay
it was just that one shirt check your
name make sure that how you spell your
name hmm you know we're gonna get some
new designs um new art yes wait where's
the daddy shirt
where's the mommy shirt well that's who
it's concerned ourselves with things
like where's the daddy charity
wearing a shirt with yourself on it why
don't you wear a Kahler shirt or a knee
jerk hilarious but simply go out and
Haley and a t-shirt and go like this
that would be awkward please don't do
that
yeah it's one thing for other people to
wear a shirt with your face on it all
right well we're gonna sighs um lots of
people are tweeting me that they bottom
and I'm like oh yeah I forgot we did
this so it's time for an update we're
gonna get some new channel art soon
daddy why that's amazing let me see it
ah sit sir perfect yeah it's go great
yeah good did she just go writin
someone's gonna pay for this
we're late so now I am packing step
there really necessary who fought that
dog that button probably you I don't
know but does your side not help me for
you so I am packing right now
and this is all I have right now but
it's not like in bags idea like dump
bags out and put in that bag it is I'm
gonna jump all that stuff out and put it
in where is it uh I'll be out that her
bag toe better excited uh I gonna feel
weird just me and you going uh-huh
come be cray-cray
she's gonna fly home that myself not by
herself completely with Katie and her
mom and coach Mary because I have to get
back for Haley's meet Annie's gonna stay
in support Katie at the National meet
thank you
but they're both gonna compete Friday
and Katie's meet Saturday and I can't
stay because two meets this weekend I
got to get back for Haley's meet so I'm
sad that I don't get to stay but I got
to get back for hey
I'm poet and I didn't know it so get
busy I got all your clothes here your
job is just to put them in there and try
to figure out a word that rhymes with
the rhyme time I would try to run but
I'm crunched for time Oh burned but I'm
gonna go get my perceive any and I iced
yes and it's really cool type it in the
song that Haiti got me I could walk I
just don't want to see you later
and that's how aids walk it's time
there's the day I have this big how do
you think on a hat your sin hat shall
worry what is it called towel on my head
okay so it is time for from the question
of the day the question today is what is
your favorite animal that is easy reason
then an easy horse bunny well that was
easy
and Piper's is a dog and Wendy's is a
chinchilla I'll know just make that up
so no you don't know love yeah the
birthday is by you see you tomorrow
hey seon-ah Beibei thanks for watching
Britt Ailey
