time for what tell me hey guys so I just
really so cool that we're matching RIT's
up my outfit thank you
and this is my sock monkeys outfit
lately looks so amazing that's the style
wait that's the bathroom look it's like
the same thing think pay no attention to
the left ear and with dogs Tora
you will like this toy it's very much
like Wilson material you can go back in
your cage forget this noise yeah if you
choose your bed up in bed hey shoot the
stepping up I'm gonna make her go I can
help my priestess you guys are weenie
this way chickens that's you it's
imitating you right now gotta clean your
room up young lady all this fun time
trouble only huh it's never-ending I
feel like we've already had
as I was saying I think I feel like
we've already had a million boxes over
here and unpacked hey you done with
school nicely done now you get to
hoverboard with a bunny you know what
hailey it is not safe to hoverboard with
newborns and bunnies is that really okay
oh my goodness oh my goodness PS I never
took ballet the Christmas stuff yet I
know I feel like I don't want to that's
a mess packing Christmas decorations up
is a mess
I know it sounds crazy to think that but
it is and I've got this mess to deal
with so we get to enjoy Christmas a
little bit longer you know and he
doesn't want me to take down the
Christmas forever so gonna watch some TV
while I slave away unpacking stuff but
you're doing your stuff when I come to a
box of yours you're unpacking your own
box
okay shake on it
wait wait my locks I haven't I don't
know yet they could already be it's one
of these I think or it's upstairs that
box done I've got one box that has yours
and Annie stuff in it that's it
this is combined this is her all her
medals and ribbons and somewhere I don't
know
yeah that's Paddy's but with any stuff
in it kind of oh god Annie has a lot of
stuff like metals stuff for gym clothes
you're gonna have medals from Jim you
already started with one today we have
team do you do mind their plot finally
playing with it they wouldn't touch it
earlier anyway what were you saying
back to you Haley reality teen pictures
new utopia so I've got all the supplies
to do Haley's has to be meat hair for
pictures you have to do meat hair so no
tiny rubber bands cool brush a coat some
other rub and bake rather than dry
shampoo nope Joe yeah telling you that
then you need to the fashion like this
hairspray here's the latest fashion
hairspray it was just a minute yesterday
so you guys should probably pick some up
at your local store never heard of it
it's gonna be a big deal it's gonna be
like a model okay
sit down in my chair and V are going and
you get to watch TV while I do your hair
step into my office I haven't really
quite figured out what I wanted to do
cuz from peanut and Emily did Haley's
hair for the last meet so I don't know
what we're gonna do Hey yeah great funny
but it will definitely be braided and I
can't decide if I wanna pull it through
like I did Annie's like in pigtail messy
little cute little buns or in a one bun
because you do have a backward roll so
we have to watch out for that backward
roll
alright milkface alright we will show
you the completed look and the after
what do you think let me see
okay is it even a little buns on the
side you can tell me if that gets in the
way your backyard roll today we're doing
practice
yeah I'm sure you'll do a backward roll
you got a dirty face we're cleaning up
the face and before we get the leo on
all right Oh what do you think do you
like it really okay was it my best braid
but it'll do but looks pretty cute on
you
turn around model it oh okay it's pretty
cute pretty cam I don't know you think
that's gonna get in the way of your
background rolls what's up careful yeah
it is it's in my closet safe and sound
you can't get in there that's too narrow
pushing it out this one smooth okay the
most annoying toy that we've ever bought
you can now take it outside normally I
don't allow for toys to go outside cuz
we never see them again
but that one is welcome outside have fun
who is cold out here you're free Piper
when he run get some exercise no that's
it
go chaser Winnie that's why we got you
so that Piper had somebody to run around
the yard with
boo okay I just did okay I'm doing it
Wow how do you know this is your first
time on one yeah so cool I can't get
over it I feel like I'm in space
that's what Katie said she said I feel
so futuristic yes I know oh my gosh
watches huh so part of getting my heel
to feel better is icing which I just did
and compressing it which I'm about to do
is my first time doing about myself but
really we just started yesterday bit
still so let's try this and if this
doesn't work my mom's probably going to
have to do the rest it's hard we at the
point might get hurt so I point my toe
tight not too tight but now go around
your foot now there you go pretty good
now up again around her ankle so how bad
did it hurt at practice today it's not
doesn't seem to be getting any better
she's going back to the chiropractor in
the morning so he can work on it
massage some of that stuff out and then
icing it all the time I didn't cry today
that sounds really bad guys the ice ice
baths it's really not a bath she's
sticking her probably us that's okay put
that thing on and I'll get it in a
second yeah so she sticks her foot in a
bucket of ice water right here which is
what she just did so it's not really an
ice bath but that's what they call it
like she's not getting in the bathtub
but it's like torture Frannie
Oh like she really brings tears like
it's like going to visit the fat tire
factor not today she got through it well
maybe it didn't seem as cold did you
guys you really put your feet in there
did you um what's the word I'm looking
for measure the temperature my
thermometer about 52 mm I didn't see
Miss cold oh wait make sure they're dry
little feet prints on my floor and Miss
hailey sue not really her middle name
but Miss H money
miss hailey Noelle Piper that is not
your water bowl didn't finish all of her
school today this is one of those days
that we were talking about yesterday
where some day she does it really fast
and others it takes our all day so
that's what we're doing this evening yes
pictures went good we're in bed need for
Annika to come up she's in crutches of
course well not really in crutches she's
just using them to stay off yeah to stay
off her foot and the question is day is
what make you smile
hmm mr. big money
what makes Haley's smile hmm when I see
the picture of Caleb oh that makes me
smile too
does it ever make you sad no nope always
happy yeah for you okay any question
today the question of the day is what
make you smile
Oh what makes me what a smile uh want to
hear my answer
sure when I take picture of Caleb
ah this heart I know right the good one
Haley stole a good one
he's got her 0:05 take another one you
can do another since when I did a good
night
- dad dad and he says I love you first
make you smile when he does it first who
usually said it first me I love you
because I love you and like forgot the
tune all right
oh my god yeah why you have so many
stairs lip gloss on wear lipsticks
chapstick cuz it colored lipstick it's
pretty you sure look really good for bed
alright what - get a drink
bro I really heard it - hey don't get
Hunger love because we were not good
that is what makes you smile
Oh five-seater 9:20 can save and guess
what song well you make me smack and
Anna
haha it's Uncle Kracker Uncle Kracker it
met his name any funny ones not no yes
his name is Bob it's Piper
oh did you do it alright girlies see
we'll see you guys tomorrow baked potato
baby
thanks for watching
Britt Ailey
