I put him in the job it's morning
hello everybody welcome to Wednesday
we're headed to set to film a quick
scene one I think it's like a scene and
a half because you remember what we were
talking about earlier there's like some
music I'll tell you that there's some
music okay so there's a scene with music
and then there's a scene with you and
with harmony and rhyme and then okay
let's move to the door cover we're gonna
be walking out the door right now
we got backpacks and then we are trying
to go rehearse today because you guys
have a concert so we're gonna try and
squeeze that in which should happen and
that's our day so tag-along we're about
to get our day started it's Wednesday I
don't know why I've got so much energy I
really do Mike you didn't take your
makeup off busted
oh and we got crabby Haley good morning
oh don't you look fancy
Louie Louie are you ready for your
close-up this morning you're getting
hair and makeup done
you came ready Louie Louie
you don't need hair or makeup done you
are just camera-ready
this thing doesn't either but always
good to have a little something so you
don't get washed up right washed out
oceans HD cameras I know they can see
everything
everything all right well enjoy your
hair and makeup and your snuggles with
Louie you know and he's going to dance
and he's got to learn a dance routine
cuz we didn't go yesterday where are you
gonna dance got her dancing shoes on so
since we missed dance yesterday dance
came to you right have fun
Oh check your hair is it good some good
dance hair it's definitely something all
right perfect
I know this her dance shoes are on I
forgot to tell you your dancing today my
but that was my fault I apologize oh
yeah your dancing today yesterday got a
little crazy so stop sobbing stop it
walk away sorry guys she was really rude
and she was being really mean and I hope
she never comes mad who do you think you
are another oh I was talking to Jenny
goodbye eat very good okay oh we meet
again
wonder how maybe I you followed me
hey guys it's me Miranda and my fans not
yours
any butter yeah Cass I hate it all do we
got snacks
Bobby lady we got snacks and now they're
broken yo guys look how many bugs are in
this pool they're so tiny
they're all like tiny bugs and I grabbed
it
okay anyways you know guys we don't you
know when I was in the middle of a scene
and this bug just flew right by me and
you know like that buzzing noise like oh
yeah we're gonna chill here and eat
lemon O's and Coco priv√© choreo pretty
much let's do it okay guys so you know
our games that we play on said this was
very interesting it's called not you
stand in the circle and you grab each
other's hands in the game is to get okay
nice now with a point of the game we
have to get out of this not so we're all
facing each other again
wait let me pull em yeah okay so here
y'all got it again
okay out of the nine
turn the clock and we're warming up
because it's pretty cold outside it's so
cold I can't say whose mom is okay but I
say it's that you're taking girls and I
am okay so we know what you can and
can't say someone's mom stay tuned
yeah and we're just warming up in their
car the girls got cold and they're
listening they're they're sharing the
same thought right yes both each got one
in so that works huh yep it's like for
like all day what song is it I forgot
the name of it but I feel my girl they
were listening to Harvey earlier yep I
call that I hate that feeling I mean one
way to get in the trunk
oh she's so small she can fit in our
trunk
but maybe this is kind of goals right
now I wish I could fit in the trunk
ahead can you keep going or should I not
tell you to do that don't do it if you
can't you trickster stuck when she
completely I know her body is out there
I'm lucky I'm gonna go up it's gonna get
so mad oh my god I got a phone call
what'd you do with Matt can you open
that because if you see his face no open
this open this Hey okay you're the only
one who knows how to I don't know how oh
you just pull is he really
I can barely see you've met how did this
happen I put him in the trunk there's a
dog better night that's it come on Matt
I don't think she knows that it Oh baby
girl like really stuck oh oh she got it
nice hilarious what's it like back there
Matt oh yeah there is a handle I bat in
case I really do get caught in the trunk
for a second a truck you can pull you
can get out that wind is crazy out there
the sun's going down you guys ever
getting cold and the wind is crazy Haley
get off their trunk no Haley not on the
windshield down down I just want you to
bust his windshield
what permission yes different yeah I
know it's in the trunk we gotta go back
we just have way too much fun the things
you do in a car don't open their stuff
no don't open that that's first aid
Haley that will never go oh oh it is a
first date I don't know why I don't like
planes like the floatation device yeah
why would you need a floatation my buddy
you're paralyzed that we had that that's
bad you guys yeah
I'll always have a first aid kit well
what you mean is don't make a mess of it
though need some sugar yeah we're just
teaching everybody that they too should
have a first aid kit in there huh that's
true
guys I'm in the trunk
oh my gosh you made it out your head
that trunk trunk goals being productive
oh really
hey rush dr. pepper that's being
productive in my eyes so we want her to
see plug-in by 30 so nice all right so
they're rehearsing we're at the
rehearsal studio and we got to get some
stuff done my gosh any storm what we're
doing what do we have no explain your
things that you just like what okay what
are in what did you just give me the
thing right there is pastels that's what
they're calling us wait anyway we got
these neat Oh BAM red I'm really good
and they're supposed to help you throw
force in yourself all right wherever her
soul for the rock your hair show and
we're about to rehearse so this is our
vocal warmup
enjoy
medicine balls all around Andy's not
feeling it it's good for your throat do
it Oh Todd okay
I can exercise no we got you something
good for your throat okay guys we're not
gonna interrupt keep working hey it
smells delicious
Annie would enjoy it if it wasn't
burning her mouth oh no about everybody
get a medicine ball if you're like
singing good for the throat yeah I feel
okay so I'm really tired right now and I
have a list because we're going on the
plane we're going on playing guys which
I'm really excited about
so thanks I got my dad's family so it's
because okay you guys can see that I got
all of my things so two plane outfits
because we're going that I'm going to
there and then back so we're gonna need
to play no it's let's see I'm kind of
going for something cozy oh yeah I mean
everything
mommy where is my um purple and mommy
where is my purple and blue tie-dye
shirt you know I know I wear that shirt
every day hey guys don't worry I found
it this way so it's orange on the top
and then it's like black and white on
light right here and it's just this blue
you can't really see it but it's a navy
blue and then on the bottom it has the
black and white and then has at lunch
that was really cute and it's kind of
turtleneck like kind of
got a roller skates oh okay - plane
outfit
yes check stage up it checked toothbrush
not check because my mom's getting
extra outfit chat say choose okay thank
you that's what I need that's what I
need
I'm gonna straight me straighten up my
room so see yes okay you guys look all
we do is put the stuff in suitcases and
he's a little sad over there because she
just realized what on set she takes she
made I think if you tuned in you know
that she packed the set back set bag
that she takes the set all day like
every day that it's got makeup wipes and
just like touch-up stuff and she just
realized as we're packing that she left
it on set so she's frustrated and
disappointed in herself that she left it
on set and she was gonna take it to inci
with us
I feel like tomorrow is gonna be quite
the adventure quite the adventure we're
going back to the cold so I've got
jackets and someone gave us this jacket
shout out to Kelsey it didn't fit her
anymore and she gave it to Annie and
it's gonna come in handy cuz Annie
didn't have a jacket here we're gonna
use that the way there's gonna be rainy
and cold I looked it up so that's
exciting
I'm gonna get these in suitcases and
that is your update and how you feeling
now Annie still upset you want to do a
question of the day now I feel like it's
a question of the day time I'm 95 at
night it's 949 it's almost 10:00 oh yes
it's definitely time for question of the
day cuz it's bedtime what was your
favorite part of 2017 Frisby no I always
call them something on just bunny is
that what it is in the sad that I can't
even remember that's been a hot long the
bunny is being well taken care of as
well as the horse miss Paula the horses
with Amanda and the dogs are with their
second family found this nice
nice family is basically they're just
basically at another home they're not
Anna kennel you guys what no my other my
I'm glad they have the second family
because I feel like at least there's
that
I already feel guilty enough leaving my
dogs we're going to see them soon a
couple weeks your favorite part of 2017
what when you got your maker when you
had makeup that wasn't 2017
that was literally yesterday look how
sad she is she lost a couple makeup
wipes no makeup wipes okay there's some
lip gloss in there and it's not gone she
just she knows it's not gosh okay can
you just tell me your favorite part of
2017 you're gonna get it back can you
tell me you had a big 2017 so I want to
hear what you think the best part of
2017 was singing you're snapping people
aren't you and telling him how dramatic
you were there boy like What's Wrong
Jaden responded first Oh Hayden I
thought you said Ava she said it alright
well guys we're gonna see I know I had
lots of makeup wipes guys we'll see you
tomorrow everybody send an e emojis
about her makeup hugger loss makeup cuz
I'm sure you can relate and
you can't steal from your sister though
comment down below your favorite part a
good thing you have to ours 2017 um
comment your favorite part we'll see you
tomorrow we're gonna be on a plane two
planes and good night bye bye
just tickler she likes to celebrate
thanks for watching
tailee
