time for what Amy oh my gosh my hair is
still the same as yesterday mom hands I
just noticed that it's you like fluffed
up the camera right but it's pretty high
so mine is my bed head partially my
favorite amount where I just made it up
the lift him to do my hair you know okay
nice and then she's gonna give me a
jersey cuz you're gonna watch a football
yes you owe a Michigan omission playing
Notre Dame our thing I know by know I
we're gonna get about is our rivalry
what about if someone's watching from
Michigan a lot of people do I was hard
on guys even like Jersey one of my
musically and she goes this one girl
throws you know I hate Ohio State and I
go are you in Michigan I'm thinking in
my head
she must be miss you didn't know Sony
was it like saboteur Lovejoy's her life
choices are not right I really like
lately Michigan anyway Ohio State as a
ten times better yeah I know right
okay anyway live news where I'll hide
that but bone wait born with it hmm
what's the Georgia team football George
yet day I call it I don't know just any
Georgia football team Georgia State
that's a good name really not good at
football like yeah Georgia never really
heard of it
hello Texas there's University of Texas
Oh aah
against al against Baylor oh no Baylor
no Balin I hate me no offense that hates
a strong word but I really don't like
being strongly disliked I very very very
strongly dislike Baylor um um what else
oh yeah
I don't like big women you jokingly
party yeah no I did not like Bayonetta
why but she told me I don't like so I
don't like it
pick up Liz from department is never
going retainer yes yes no no no I'm like
scraping up the wars against my cheek
all right anyways we picked up live from
the party and now we're going to our old
house at home
now you don't eat on purpose and we're
going to the old house and doing a ling
it was really listening we're dropping
off a couple stuff and now we're going
live and then we're going to lips house
I think and watching difficulty is that
what the plan is
yeah no baby maybe and I'm going to do
musically good so alright minutes yeah a
minute okay that's long and I had to
move yet to make the goofiest face how
late did you guys stay up there Carla
day 30 I will decide for everybody
retired oh I would have gone to sleep
over - but Henry oh it Henry really like
really like I get here Henry from the
other room what time do you wake up uh
later nine to do it oh we have a sign
swings look I say what happened to it
but really what happened to it did it
fall off is that it on the ground do you
think Mary Kate and Daniel are gonna
come out here and swing probably not
it's so late we're not in to be bent why
did you come out here to hang out wish
my favorite little girls duh yeah we
found some jackets that was an e jacket
from last year and that's my jacket
yeah can you push me can you push me -
Oh at the same time - okay oh I remember
this and our fire pit Caleb and daddy
built Oh so many memories I'm so glad
that they're gonna be here and we can
still enjoy it like amazing ready is it
safe let me give it a little tug I knew
anything on that very shy volts me yeah
you want to test it out I'm not gonna
any other day let's check it all ready
check all the rope the whole rope and
the the wood really yeah actually guys
Haley like it maybe it always felt like
that it's twisted oh no whoa what
Hey right into the thorns
hey piace Li yeah we didn't want to need
one of these in our new backyard
I don't know are those really thorns I
was just joking when I said that yeah
they're thorn perfect perfect placement
okay so Haley's room is done just got to
get these things out that's all that's
left of Haley stuff and I came across
something that nany got for Annie when
she was a baby and I wanted to show
Haley because I thought that now it is
broken we've got to get it fixed
but watch this oh holder Oh her diaper
fell off
Oh be careful be careful arms her arm
fell off the wagon baby why aren't you
holding
okay let's fix your diaper oh gosh
doesn't you look real yeah
Dani you little creeped out of me yeah
so you don't want it you could have it
uh Annie GQ knees knees necks where do
you get these I think Manny says there's
a doll hospital we can send her to I
mean get her a little arm fixed you put
her diaper back on use me but can i hey
keeping yeah yeah be careful need to get
some new diapers cuz um it's broken
oh yeah you got weird accident it came
with this diaper this is you and hold
this doll is she Nani got this for you
Anu over baby I think so yeah what a
diaper on
hey hey hey this real hair this feels
like real hair I made it look real but
it looks like real hair
Haley don't pull your baby's hair hey
hey she she is nothing to be a good
parent it's a baby doll Annie it's a
baby doll you know Brooker ana burper
does she wake up oh she's not real like
American Girl dolls they're like eyes
open close this one's a newborn that her
eyes are she sleeps a lot
what's her name gonna be no no you pick
her nose look like hey not good to be
like hi baby
come here go back down there dead end
over fix one walk okay have fun we
decided not to go over two lives to
watch the Ohio State we decided to help
out here so they're watching the game
here and we're trying to get some stuff
done
wait how did it break I don't know how
the arm broke
so it was really bad and twist we
raggedy little diaper that was fun
think Haley likes it games on the house
is crazy and Haley's got a baby I'm good
yeah it's good baby - this job is what
does she fit not any great late-night
target shopping
are you drinking
we can't see her we're gonna buy here
it's making her giggle what you know
we're gonna buy her she's hiding behind
me where to go
tell us a li
raise hell Andy Cohen divers yes what
are we buying diapers weekend it was
this dog I saw the back oh yeah they did
yeah we film about that all that I
didn't know we were gonna go buy diapers
for the baby
cuz the diaper is so old like eleven
years I like my papers so we're gonna go
find some diapers that'll fit the baby
and an outfit so and something for me oh
yeah active diapers I'll buy you guys a
baby but newborn clothes thing really
really real newborn clothes oh my
goodness it's been so long since I've
been the baby section I haven't had a
baby in a while no we're getting diapers
wait listen to that baby crying let's go
hold it you don't think they'd mind if
we went over there and pick the bathing
up okay need the smallest pack of
diapers they have and small ones it's
been a really long time since I've done
this newborn diapers BAM
I think that's what we need less than
ten pound baby because the diaper that
that baby has is like falling off she
wants to put a diaper on the baby okay
so that's all we need
smallest one else go see we can find a
little outfit so we don't have a naked
baby the baby's not real so it doesn't
need a toy technically it doesn't really
need a diaper in clothes either need
like preemie size or newborn preemie
okay we're doing this for a doll this is
bizarre we need like
we need something right that is short
like um oh my gosh I can't think what
it's called anymore like it's weird oh
my gosh what they what do they call the
onesie
oh my gosh I can't even think what I'm
cold I see it this this is what I'm
picturing these newborn please Manny
you're not gonna buy a baby doing all of
these teeth look at is called onesie I
was right
nailed it those are called like sleepers
I wonder if they're like baby doll
clothes I could buy okay do you know how
to do this no you want me to show you
who are you working at okay yep
and that goes you put that you lift your
little legs up oh you slide that under
so you've missed you yeah I'll show you
here you hold this and then you can try
it take their little legs like this and
flatten that out yeah are you set the
baby down okay I'm teaching her for a
diaper on then you put this up through
the legs and you widen that okay and
then you hold like this you remember to
do that uh-huh like riding a bike you
never forget pull that tab up I forget
how to ride a baby people that tab up
and voila
you have a diaper baby don't take it off
she wants to try it
they'll Reese t'k we're not even stick
anymore it's velcro they used to be
stick oh it's velcro yeah have you stuck
a few times okay so take it completely
off oh why completely cuz you got to
learn how to lift her up
this is turn over here right so this is
the back that goes under this is the
back layer down flat you wouldn't put
her in your lap like that she'd be
laying here like this
remember and then this is the back you'd
lift her little legs up and slide the
diaper under it looks a little weird
without her arm yeah okay lift her up
and slide it under okay pull this on up
up a little higher there you go that's
it yep good perfect and when you pick
her up you hold her head or just flip
her like that as good we're gonna fix
her arm tonight down all right and then
we got our onesie he put diaper on that
that the diaper wouldn't even go around
her leg and then they'll know there's no
way straight out
Piper's like my turn thing put her
clothes on her I found that on the
clearance rack all right we have one
clothes baby she just needs a name
that's the last step we were just
talking about in the car here about what
we're gonna hail II was gonna name her
and like wait let me just did that
question of the day and now we can't
remember what she was gonna name her
girl it was a boy was Tony but I can't
remember here what you said the girl is
name would be named you can't remember
let's go and see let's go watch the
video is that what you're gonna name her
probably I'm back I looked it up you
ready
Caroline you said Caroline do you want
to name her Caroline listen oh we could
take some time to think about it
Jules Jules Debra different no Mary Jane
no wait no mMmmm very bad
no I can get a good name Molly there and
here yeah Gary petunia odds and vineya
age money Anastasia
Annabelle I need suggestions of what
Esther button here Bluetooth devices
Zoe Japan zippers to miss Vida Debbie
Tibbet bah that's what she says no I
looked it up you just left your baby
you're gonna take her on there that
sounds safe I know right I'm gonna fix
your arm little baby yeah thank you on
and I'm gonna play with you in the
morning he's gonna grab her like that to
our arms season okay that's a good idea
yeah so it doesn't fall hoverboarding
with a newborn it's probably not safe
it's probably not the best idea
you listen she likes it you asked her
hey baby no name I'm doing it no was
that Ryan here winning cuz he had no
name
bo come here was that that was Riley cuz
we use it can he can
you go hang out there sister look your
baby I know you mean this I think that
like that like this is your sister yeah
I thought you meant this
have fun girls we'll be back with a
question of the day um we got changing
pajamas and I'm wearing black but when
he hairs all over me and I fly we can't
look like in the house and plus I am so
excited because on musically I am Number
One okay anyway where's the day what's
quite a minute president pancakes and
waffles
well it depends on what kind of pancakes
waffles if it ChaCha pancakes then that
but if it's child with your waffles so
I'm just gonna say sugar chocolate chip
or choc chip I have to talk to pancakes
so just regular pancakes for me full
service and I already know a Caleb would
say it would be well it would be wrong
so don't forget to calm down bleep cuz
II wanna the question of the day is
pancakes waffles whoo why say smile ye
I baked potato baked potato baked thanks
for watching Britt Ailey
okay okay I will let you see the puppet
the baby let's call it a puppy okay
Piper eat Winnie get down really easy
Piper easy easy
got my latchkey baby oh I used to baby
easy easy
Winnie easy they're not sure what to
think of are you scared of the creepy
baby
you over it now where they were jumping
all over each other to see it okay quick
Mickey wait
