time for me hello good morning it's not
really morning for us but we're done
films so it's good morning for you guys
no what time does this video go up seven
six seven for us but it could be any
time of the day
so either good morning good evening good
afternoon
nice good ooh you mean that afternoon
the same thing no good afternoon and
good good day you could be a good day I
might um what's right good good night
I'm confused
so anyways hello everyone from wherever
you are we um just gotcha Papa poodle
she pull
tires on adventure pup chapo' - it's a
proto ever this hip hop panel jeez I
cannot get anything straight right Elise
anyways we mean it Haley and I just got
done with gymnastics and it was really
fun
I really good practice today and my
head's hurting now but I did do a hand
hand on my the median beef and the
medium hide in the medium hiding is a
meat cutter assignment so there's a
hiding and a medium beam and then once
right in the middle
oh we call it medium high and it is the
last practice still next year and I will
we not wait oh I've always I anyways we
get three whole days off okay next time
you got to practice it'll be next year
next time I go to practice it will be
2016 that's crazy it's like I'll see se
you next year it's like wait what are
you quitting no it's chicken alright
because tomorrow's my I'm there and
right now we are going to the old house
because we need to get the house as
ready as we can for Mary Kay is gonna
say uncle skip but they probably don't
know who that is
Mary Kate's well my cousin Mary Kay
probably know who that is my cousin Mary
Kate's dad and or my cousin Daniel's dad
just from my mom's sister so not in my
aunt explains but hey Mary Kate's dad
Danielle's dad my mom sister my aunt's
husband my mom's sister's husband oh
wait why does he do my brother-in-law my
mommy's brother-in-law is coming and
here's what to the old house is gonna
live there until Mary Kate and all them
are coming in like six lives huh we're
gonna go over there right now cuz
daddy's been over there all morning
we're gonna meet him over there and eat
this Chipotle picnic lunch style
family picnic lunch not like with a
blanket outside it's kind of cold for
that but like there's you know picnic
inside oh my
George oh my gosh the stairs are so
stinking short like dick there's like
one two three four five six seven
stickers Oh remember our carpet my gosh
wow it smells right here
all rooms are so tiny that weird I can't
believe I painted my room that color Z
hey yeah when they would go on for like
look I love like 60 minutes 30 minutes
from anything they would automatically
turn off yeah I remember this bathroom
it's so tiny what a fast look at the
tiny I kind of like the leather like
it's like the bad mommy and daddys like
are like huge okay so yeah it's like
really neat basement
let's just go downstairs Hey look I'm
already down there easier oh my goodness
why are you yelling that small it's
perfect I love this house how does she
say just like that practically perfect I
like the water in the other house that
was the main reason not a horse that's
rockin and the couch looks so weird in
here cuz when we moved it was not this
couch went through three couches
the one we have of the new house the
leather one that was here right before
remember that by the perfect you
remember where the bathroom is picnic
time yes the table inside close enough
to a picnic so I just take my half of
the party and one pink amongst blue and
they were curled but I like went like
that to like not like me to him like
literally cold curled um and she's I'm
wearing I'm so excited and too bad I'm
bout my mommy cleaned my room but I'm
going to go over there and clean my desk
so you can go to the party and yeah
today I did a braid here French braid
here pigtails and we're all ready I'm so
excited
okay I'm going to show you the before
picture this is really messy and I'm
gonna show you the after before
after well look at it hold on wait wait
for it wait for it
Oh collision so right now we're at
arden's house and she's having a New
Year's party I'm sure we go
we brought cream puffs for dessert
homemade just kidding don't go in there
because it could be muddy you knew that
watch out there's cars coming wait wait
wait with me oh you got married
where's your groom welcome here my head
we will requested to have smaller
wedding boys so you know he's fine
you're sure I'm not actually getting
there do you approve of this wedding
walking down the aisle
did you oh you know you're giving her
away I was feeling Oh
your best man
oh my goodness I can't walk down the
aisle I just wanted to come in here and
tell you guys we are t-minus get excited
um two and a half hours so I'll see you
guys in about an hour or so we'll do it
again good job have fun
oh you're your groom escape
Oh Oh Arden dead please that would you
please okay so here's the update it is
now 10:30 - you know what that means an
hour and a half do we bring in a new
year oh my god don't break the count
yeah the cameras back your silly pardon
what's your favorite part of your room
what I said Arden what's your favorite
part of your group oh you heard name
from yay artists are your frog is cute
oh my gosh it's almost 2016 like right
now like five minutes
it is Berkeley cider
hey mu you're supposed to save that go
get more go get more four cheers dad you
cheer so save it save it save it for
Cheers
two minutes Hey
fireworks
Happy New Year all right so New Year's
resolutions go wait are we gonna see dad
dad today
no you can go home with me and you can
see that Dad because uncle skip got in
late
new year's resolutions yet my
brother-in-law BLM's comes your ladies I
cannot be flexible I need more flexible
New Year's resolution I'm on to compete
a successful of lately okay
that's a lovely without falling on my
face but favorably no no clue for in
here's resolution I'm just gonna do what
go collect it is 2016 guy I didn't sleep
over whoa Annie and Haley are sleeping
over to wait nvm yeah oh all new year
okay so you gotta see we were doing okay
okay yeah you don't let your happy it
was scary
yeah we did I tell you want to see you
guys doing
Haley you can do acro I got it okay now
you're gonna pause verse and then y'all
cannot wait wait which one is Sharon up
we're not you go left II up that help
yeah doing what ready with one two three
up come on okay I know it okay let's do
it
ah I go there to pop okay can I get to
mister yeah ready one two yeah don't
drop my kid oh you want to stay here
right oh and I have a happy new year huh
you sad oh you happy it's a Happy New
Year not a sad New Year tire engineer a
blankie tell me and or New Year's
resolution and that was a question of
the day where was my food to keep my
room clean that you keep my McCain oh no
I said they're more flexible since we
tow three XS you want a more flexible
Arden was yours
my husband had less successful level-8
meet Serbia get along with her brothers
more so I try here successful school
year I tried it behind my bed now
blanket happy 2016 we hope that ever you
have a fantastic year right right Haley
wait wait your New Year's resolution
okay my other day Tempe knows pfft I
know what you got hey Nana ha I almost
just to be happy I love it
hey be good I'll see you in the morning
are you going to miss are you gonna miss
me no hey don't do 50 million musically
is okay deal we don't want you
what is 40 million I'm not sure alright
so once again good night and we'll see
you today
yeah today okay today
cut it's 2016 hey hey can I get a
what-what for bratayley being 5 years
old today
raising on oh babe oh babe thanks for
watching
Britt Ailey
under Preston to give this to anything
to define so we're at the party oh I
don't know how to stop it how do you
stop it oh yeah I think you got some on
again what are you making what are we
doing oh it's blurry
it's the Bernanke she will be so excited
upset I got one more thing to say good
night see you tomorrow wait Artie is
tomorrow wait can I see that
