time for my pal
Syd that's it you don't even know what's
in here
Syd it could be something good ready
open it
ready ready ready
what's wrong
everything our prized possession not
really prized but well what oh my
goodness did you go to the old house
what this was a little thin storage Oh
cold out here it's finally starting to
feel like winter Hayley's do in school
Annie's at the gym and daddy and I are
unloading everything from storage and
the dogs are freaking out everything we
get out of the car so much stuff I don't
even know if we need it all there's my
bed yay there's my hat board a real bed
guys a real bed
Emma Winnie good good girl
come get in come on Piper come on oh
look when he did it
all right I got to stop messing around
and get to work all right the house is
destroyed but that's okay we got
football and balance boards and Sydney
and Luke ah we split the whole day
unloading and I'm packing and Annie's
still at the gym
she should be a home in a few a couple
hours probably know what time it is
honestly it's like almost 3:00 hache
this day I felt went by really faster
than I just realized poor Annie still
the DIMM oh I can do shadow puppets I
gotta go this way oh I'm so easily
entertained
anyways headboards inside footboard
maybe I can talk Billy into setting this
up for tonight possibly bags of stuff
more bags of stuff really and another
exciting item is my corner hutch how
many people remember this from the old
house yeah yeah
what you doing
oh yeah it's here do you remember it
you remember this from the old house
really nothing's in it right now it's
empty we're taking the paint table
that's our old table we're taking that
back to the old house for uncle skip
because he's gonna stay come stay in the
old house cuz he got a job here until um
my sister and my nieces come so that he
needed a table look at all the paint
we're gonna cover it with like a
tablecloth or something but I figured
I'll work until they get all their stuff
here
so exciting all right so they're also
we're also going to let them use our old
couch so it's kind of funny that we
brought all the stuff out of the old
house and now we're bringing some of it
back but we figured he needs a couch and
a table so loading the stuff back up and
Piper is not happy about this truck not
happy about the truck
I'm gonna get back in come on come on
you coming all right you want to go back
to the old house it is time I think
they're both yours here we are trying to
go see what kind of treasures are in
here and decide what we want to keep and
what we want to donate all right I'll
get this one
uh-oh furbies away Oh
do you do okay they're both yours I
think cuz I see your blankie and yeah I
mean yeah that's in here Oh who's
Furbies in there I don't know we are
going to do some organizing I make a
pile for donate and make a pie over key
let's see what fun stuff we can see in
here you're gonna probably just do a
hole that's tied use your finger oh yeah
like that oh I loved remember totally
you just sleeping all the time that's
keep of course this is we got that in
Japan you weren't born but that you guys
get that special so we don't wanna get
rid of that oh I hear I hear him you
smack him
ooh you know what else we could do
let's set up your lava lamp
oh yeah I'll do that you keep unpacking
just pulled his tail and he made a noise
what kind of noise was that for Haley oh
I'm not really getting rid of any of
them I think I love stuffed animals just
as much hey guys
daddy got you that that was a
Valentine's present one day one year
memories I remember that was your travel
pillow I don't know if we're getting rid
of anything look at that beautiful braid
Annie did it Wow
can she do your hair get it Haley's
hair's not done today
hey you do Haley don't wake him don't
you wake him yeah yeah we snoring he's
Naurang still you tiny Numidia wake up
when he's going don't don't that's not
gonna help Haley was like cradling like
a baby he's awake you can eat your pizza
now
so tired okay so we're gonna watch some
football eat some pizza and wait until
Annie gets home from gym it's been a
busy not really busy but we do a lot
today tiring exhausting day now we're
gonna relax for a little bit just like
that Viper good job you know how to
relax don't ya so right now I just got
done gymnastics and um mmm my mommy got
here pretty bad their old bed together
because my daddy just went to our old
house to get then our old stuff to put
in our new house does that make sense
but anyways they're putting a bed
together my role watching TV and it's
almost New Year's not really it's Monday
but Tuesday Wednesday Thursday I think
Fridays maybe maybe Noah might just be
lying before and after so so here it is
my camera and for the lips I did two
colors I did these two colors can make
this hmm
I did a little bit of golden and a
little bit of golden I mixed it up with
the very light color so yeah makeup I
did you guys can go and check my video
out on acro Anna to show you guys what
it's in my makeup decided to turn this
into a nice relaxing watch some TV kind
of night daddy and Annie are downstairs
watching TV I don't know what they're
watching hey Liam what Bobby's football
Haley and I are gonna go and get on my
bed my huge bed back in service and
we're gonna watch some crank videos
right clutch the magic a coven our old
friend the Carbonaro effect daddy got
them hooked on it
look Megan today we're gonna snuggle up
in the bed and then we're gonna watch a
TV show we both just took a shower so
our hairs drying and then when our hairs
dry we are getting in the bed be careful
on that near there okay so that's the
plan Stan all right you think the dogs
are sad
Piper used to be able to jump up when
the bed was this high but I don't know
if she can do it on the wood floor
anymore
there's no way when he can so we're
gonna just try to keep them off from now
on so I don't have to sleep with dog
hair in my bed yeah what the light looks
so cool in here to a spin mm-hmm
all right let's crawl up in the bed and
get this show on the road
let me see you get in that bed be
careful on that though can you get from
there to there that doesn't look safe
all right watch your head on the van
we're super close Oh
what's your barking at Wow she made it
Piper I didn't think you're gonna be
able to do it because the wood floors
get down there goes that plan get down
get down you bad mutts
all right we'll see you guys after the
show for a question of the day you'll
kiss the dog they can't get up on the
bed this one can but a little one mommy
don't wait on your little thank you all
you kissing your mommy I take you
unfortunately the camera doesn't work
when you rather this wasn't to me anyone
boo mommy didn't I want kids you need
not letting me hello it's me I've been
wondering if you were going to see the
new Stowers movie
it's good and everything no but I am NOT
going to be in it because I died I mean
stalkers number three that's a musically
sound so some by Darth Vader yes okay so
anyways let's get to your question today
nice average not shower
I still haven't um but my regal buff so
hey that's okay
what is most important to you ah let me
think of how many things well moat by
the definition one most it's gotta be
individual oh I got three most 43 oh I'm
guessing one is horses the first thing
is horses is no that's the fourth thing
Oh Shh I know what I said now first
thing is being on this earth be number
two my family number Toby uh my blankie
number four horses okay before my blinky
and horses is Piper and weenie that's
your family and my horse named mr. ed
okay I have to guess you guys know um if
you haven't subscribed it you should
probably do that because it's all you're
getting a horse at four million
subscribers or anything but that would
help a lot if you guys could keep doing
that so reform oh okay so I have to
family and oxygen oxygen oxygen
oh yeah don't forget come download to
the you know the good name and what is
most important to you bye I will see you
come on mama baked potato baby
thanks for watching
Britt Ailey
