time for my Daisy good morning
imagine that what's lives no the camera
oh the shirt really like what are you
talking about
so as you can see um the girls and I are
in Star Wars shirts because we are going
with live and family to see the movie so
we're getting a little hover board time
in I never know what to call them are
they hoverboards are they balanced
sports hoverboard is like the general
what people call them these are actually
called battles but anyways we will um
you know let you know how we like the
movie daddy's not going with us because
he's already seen it hold on I'm not
filming anything alright in an effort
and an effort to not have a video that's
99% hoverboards today we will like we
did yesterday we will see you guys later
at the movies yeah so we're like fifth
in line at Chipotle standing out here
waiting that's true Chipotle eaters
right there hardcore I think the open
your door you ready
now yep you get to go in kill we're just
to go for it I want to like punch oh
thank you sit anywhere you want
we get the whole restaurant really pre
doable reason 962 to get to Chipotle
early when they first opened know
it's my love for Chipotle rubbing off on
you guys yet am I the only one that has
a passion for Chipotle we haven't had an
oil if I was up saying
so in our spare 10 minutes we're in the
car filming music please because if
we're not on a hoverboard we're filming
videos and in good form Annie you're
posting about Star Wars well played
are you guys ready is this a spoof on
hello yeah
install was number three oh my god you
guys excited to see this oh sorry
oh they're not done we shall wait I'm
never driving with you
cute hair fun like I said I'm never
driving with you right right we made it
in they haven't made it a long-distance
relationship this was not working reach
for her oh she made it well I think
they're excited I'm not sure what you
think that was it right there when they
finish the movie and then it go into
another one oh yeah you're not going to
do that no we have another ticket
exactly what they call movie hoping yeah
yeah
what do you think is it getting closer
to you
it really Jerry I'm just doing video get
it be okay go
you guys are gonna reenact how you watch
the movie your hair yeah fixing your
Princess Leia hair have fix it so that
was the awesome
oh really it's all about the hoverboard
now I got a wit you away decorate and to
decorate her okay but he this is his
Darrin had to dress up like baby new
year look who just showed up on our
doorstep but baby new year he he did it
well you pulled it off grab them all
like this mom on your balance board we
should have gone to see Star Wars like
yeah that is amazing yeah this truth and
dare is gonna like miss Katie
be so funny horses with us yeah yeah the
dogs were wigged out
but what by those buddies are but they
were yesterday they're better now Brody
are you embarrassed are you feeling good
sure she's hot she's watching ya Winnie
wasn't sure about this baby new year
showing up
open the dogs bottle on top of me you
don't know how hard it was to watch any
decorating or having bored and I was
like not going on lunch I was like she
didn't know how yeah right oh yeah he's
supposed to teach me and I was like
looking at the hover like drooling were
you drawing he's ready here's a rabbit
what that fukk good yeah it's really fun
I'm Jesus he wants some clothes man but
but you've mastered it pretty quick I'm
Brody is this the first time on one yeah
mastered denied worthless oh I burn and
honestly I was scared I was scared I was
terrified
yeah Alex you thank you thanks oh yeah
we got a new chandelier oh oh it's not
so it's not so 90s anymore
you did I'm doing today oh it scared I'm
on the little thing and the question of
the day is wow I'm going in cycles is
gotta read it over sugar okay okay
listen of the day is what was your first
thought when you woke up this morning
well I was very excited cuz okay I'm
okay alright so um because I wasn't side
for the new Star Wars movie so go and
check that Star Wars movie out by don't
forget the comments down below cause me
no no now it's my turn to do a question
today and let's eat question of the day
is what was the first what was the first
thought when you woke up this morning my
first thought when I woke up this
morning
was I hope we don't have to do school
today cuz of a Sunday but it's some day
but because we missed that many days we
have to do it on weekend so that's why
it usually on weekends asleep in so I
try to sleep in as long as I can so then
my mom just like you don't have to do it
because we don't have time
yeah my first thought of the day was
it's so early because he books weeks
after like six o'clock yeah well that's
how my first book thought today it was
like what time is it oh it's this much I
should probably go back to sleep
kudos for dressed for guys like that
sigh okay no Joel wake up go wake up
Caleb thought you're at Jeb and Jake's
house hmm
Ben and B were sleeping in Jake's badger
yeah Jake's bed TV sleeping Jeb I was
like Caleb how do you wake up and he
goes well it's when you're I see a red
light in your eyelids and then it
distracts them from your sleep and they
wake up anyway cuz I don't it work yeah
hello and this anyways yeah don't forget
to come down no you wanna know the
question today II is what was the first
thought when you woke up this morning by
Mauro
potato baked potato baby thanks for
watching
Britt Ailey
