time for what Amy this is what's
happening right now look at you
you started school while I was editing
guys what time did you wake up cuz I
woke up at 10 a.m. I haven't woken up
that late Piper you can't jump on earth
you woke up at 10:00 so did I and then I
started editing yes I smell poop get off
my couch you step in poop Garside ah
Piper Winnie cows like could you step in
something get out get off the couch
until you're clean Wow okay that was fun
so how I expected I was just gonna come
out here and talk about how late we
slept this morning I think we were all
really tired I think daddy's been up
though since early and he is bringing us
lunch
cuz we slept right to lunch and - he was
doing the storage what are you getting
some of our stuff out of storage
yeah we hear about your night so I fell
asleep no we got back around 10:30 from
lubes house seriously yep
I save up 11 read a bit about all of
them I went to bed by 11 and then I woke
up about 7:00 I'm like maybe I'll just
sit here and try and wake up and I said
the dozing off until 9:00 I was like oh
my gosh maybe I should start school I
was like hey was not awake yet maybe I
should wait for till mommy get up and
tells us - so electus with the name is
10 I'm like okay guys I'm just like I've
been up but I can't believe how late I
slept and it's pretty much noon and
she's still asleep you're Santa candy
seriously you made it back inside
look miss Jill who's Katie's mom a long
time ago ed said that I would love a
chest to put all of Caleb's stuff and we
have so much and I'm not going to get
rid of it so I didn't know how I wanted
to just keep it I'm like oh I hope chest
would be perfect and she remembered me
saying that and she had a friend a
neighbor and he said make this for us
and it's beautiful and I think that's
what I'm going to do today is go get all
his stuff put it in there it smells good
too
I'm so glad you're doing school I think
Haley needs to get up and start moving -
we've got to catch up on the school it's
Saturday and that's what we're doing see
you later
you know why this is the one that took
her like your brother Christ that's true
she wouldn't even hurt rides a crazy
cart so the fact that she's up here
right now how do I go back oh the thing
we go forward we sow confusion going
around again
what do you that Nene I think you got it
you got it baby right here okay I'll
catch you
she'll flip on a beam four feet off the
ground but a couple inches off the
ground but you're doing it yeah let's
finish school and then we can play she's
like the hover board police what do you
have oh been down Billy and get it it's
trying to go a little faster
watch this scared it's scary to go fast
it just is it's like it's faster than
you walk okay I'll watch
you almost don't clear these look a
little ballerina put your hands up
turnings fun well you can't spend with
him I'll let her do it by herself you're
the one that wanted to get on it you're
doing it all by yourself oh my gosh oh
oh oh Andy you had it okay we told you
it's easier than it looks and it's just
hard for a quick second and then it's
mastered and would you say your mask
you've mastered it
look how fast you're going already find
out how to do it
Circle it is fun
okay so now I'm going to film like this
you can see my face isn't going out
sometimes later alright so I'm gonna put
this on my hand just in case
and I'm gonna put it here for a little
bit so I can get on so just one would
good I'm getting on right now it's my
hair okay so go ahead
I'm gonna do guy who edited my feet just
going the opposite way because I did
that's where I'm going right now okay
here we go
but so it's like right when you get on
it you're like oh my gosh this is so
hard because it's like gets every single
thing that your feet do and then when
you get used to you just like Jesus is
really easy
yeah is like turning and you back to be
conscious it's so much fun okay what
other angle can I do it at let's see
maybe I go like this you can see me go
around and there's Haley okay so if I do
that you can see me now let's go
so after I film this I'm going to do
musically on on the family's hoverboard
and so go check that out is really fun
okay that's what I'm exact they're gonna
do right the second so yeah I'm so
excited and Annie just filmed her best
musically ever right because I was in it
that's what I said do you know who we're
going to hang out with who and her mom
and dad and brother yeah that's what I
that's what you meant by no one so this
is pretty much what what we've been
doing all day
alright
riding around on everything uh
oh no hands tell you what we have some
really hyper kids today
next I thought this stuff was gonna fall
out of my purse when I went upside down
you almost ate it Annie
Elmo ate like a shark there like crazy
tonight why we already have a hoverboard
but now we're all fighting over the
hoverboards because we're gonna make up
a hoverboard obstacle course and read a
few ways I'm in a purple a yellow or
Camelot wallet yeah we're going with
them
we are heading to the mall to look at
hoverboards and Annie is doing
handstands down the ramp this is not
snow is it no it's like a thick rain
that was not that cold I think I'm
pretty sure you know it was a silly
person ate 100 pounds
I feel bad they're so poor so headed to
the mall they get some hoverboards
I want a gold one Annie what color you
want gold ones or soaps camouflage
camouflage or um
purple or yellow all right now buckle up
get the tire on there's a tie-dye one hi
Eddie
visit I think someone's excited watch
they're gonna be sold out what's this
one we've been over this that was it bad
news
they're closed both hoverboard places in
the mall are closed down so that plan
just backfired all right there's one
more chance that we get another
hoverboard Christmas continues the other
mall they're headed to but we didn't
want to I didn't we wanted to get back
and play yes we called and they said
they had them we've got our very own
like skating rink in here this time it's
fun to just go rich let me try Luke's
play we're all fighting over them
puh-puh-puh please yesterday I asked
this yeah you know Fanny was this
morning whining don't let me go daddy
and now we can't get her off
hey-ya permit because of that one's way
more sedate her
getting dizzy I was doing over there and
I got very dizzy really oh my god I just
got really dizzy feels different yeah
still shakes with everybody you're lucky
your mom my mom scanner on it my dad's I
get it did he fall no he like gets you
like whoa when you first dibs on me I
haven't fallen yet but I'm nervous I'm
going to catch especially while I'm
filming
I got a hoverboard oh that one's pretty
ah this is Haley's look at those we're
gonna be the coolest family ever welcome
that's cool okay Wow Haley you're gonna
need help you've never done inviting
flowers I thought I was writing at
frontwards they're like oh I had the
power button in front like a 3-2 pal
now I kept one I guess me let's go bye
let's follow the leader see you oh there
you are
you choose one its elite your pal it's
fun oh don't get too crazy
it works are you you're we put her feet
out okay Haley you're making me nervous
you just got on it 30 seconds ago this
is hilarious
oh now you want to get in the line no
one formed a line with me yes you did
Sydney come on I'm telling you guys this
video is like 99% hoverboard footage so
that is cool that's really I'm watching
my mom Time Lord
look she's up on it it gets easier I
promise it gets easier
Wendy come here look she's got it you've
got it
five minutes till Sydney and Luke's
birthday and we're celebrating on
sideways sideways probably it's almost
your birthday and your birthday I know
like four minutes till yes it's almost
midnight we're gonna sing happy birthday
in four minutes
that's a terracing he's going overboard
oh I'm singing it loud now she wants to
be at home on her birthday
while we're waiting for midnight in
their birthday let's do a question of
the day what's your favorite Christmas
present yes yes you got mine I'm
assuming Luke your favorite Christmas
presents the hoverboard segway balance
board whatever we're calling end dance
hmm my favorite Christmas present is
definitely I have not gotten all of it
happy birthday you big 12 year old no
right now it turns over to the next day
now sing it happy bird
thank you first to you happy birthday to
you he's thrilled good happy birthday
dear sit and Luke ha ha ha first happy
birthday to ya just in time for my
batter did I bye see you tomorrow
hey babe
thanks for watching
Britt Ailey
