time for look Haley Merry Christmas
everybody
it's 7:40 in the morning and the girls
just came and got us so we're gonna let
them come out okay girls
you know look at your stuff hey mommy
one all Inez
you
all right
every question
there you go
kinda run
lift the bat over there one more present
last present to undress the aftermath
guys the hissings open now you guys can
play and he'll we why not yeah but you
unwrapped everything and saw the stuff
from Santa now you get to just go for it
tell you guys what I got for this I'm
just gonna yeah just a charging right
you can open on top of our summer
rollerskates blue roller skates well hey
I got one stock horse heads it's like in
a song but it's a boy and that's been on
top course on the second day Christmas
my mom you gotta make me one bat and a
ball Christmas my mommy give me like my
dear do sister get to me um oh really
why I'm bunny sketch pony that comes
with a brush and scarf behind the flute
day of crisp her on the forehead
Christmas my who gets to truth my same
Santa Claus gave to me one bodice
ketchup comes the brittle brittle little
thing and it walks yeah
okay that's enough with our on the bed
okay you know what I'm just going to
show you there's some little Legos
from mommy and daddy in the door
actually opens mhm
brushes and a bag back put it in this
isn't on magic humble hands up Hayley
Daniels uper gulping a scratch and see
secret message cards so if I wanted to
to give Hayley lets you make me smile
she'd scratch this get out she would
scratch this off and it would Cesar I
bought my favorite book one of my
favorite candies hide like your heritage
but almost one of my favorite and then
Sydney has a living and I was playing
with it the whole time so Hayley Bobby
and it says give me my stocking it's
another purchase that can just like
float around like snow food stuff okay
almost halfway through then I got this
stuff towards I got this figure of a
horse and I got this horse that kind of
creeps me out so how you read me but
still kind of scary black and red oh
okay now from Hale I got crayons which I
like drawing okay I got us through which
I'm going to play with n you things
length up and I got a hoverboard just
put it out there already set up still
think the board's a family good let me
have my moment okay sorry
oh thank you I got some socks set it's a
bear and if you put your feet together
it shows up there or you could just put
them on like this but that's not fun
what about this oh yeah and then there's
this really cool banner
I think Elsa and her mom made that daddy
look the horse a banner horse being so
penny hanging up in my room oh we can
hang it up right there if you guys like
your room would be good and I think it
will really look good in your room
though joking aside you may go elsewhere
Rapunzel I think it said up Elsa a
little card they were opening them so
bad
it's really cute um horse like it has a
little stables in it and a baby bottle
yeah yeah I got makeup bag or I could
carry them on as like on a plane as like
bag putting all those things to carry on
no it's like one green toilet raised
toilet show you that boom now I got
something funny infant infinity scarf
she called it it's stylish this is all
baloney Beckett some pajamas it had
these red and look at it hit with this
white on blue dog shirt I can't even as
much as I can't even love yourself love
your Sophie brothers hashtag so put
yourself ease the love war gosh my
selfie its neck hole this is how I am
getting where is the neck alone in these
like little arrows families which I
always draw in my hands that's a
reformer like it and then I will love
this necklace they're my favorite
dreamcatcher
come on you gotta to do this me like
fresh
daddy I got oh my gosh III your neck it
can be me me me there you sharpey's a
limited edition all these colors please
a shamrock yeah I guess I haven't seen
the epic Shepherd so I think I got a
Chevron blanket from Santa and too soft
if you guys could feel it really - oh my
gosh yes
I wish we had like smell or like smell
and feel of it imbue I got this so first
of all you know and he got me some fake
a plain old and he got me more right
here that you can mix them up
thanks man it's like a whole sack riding
I thank you um I got a Mary Lou here I
got some great yes hey I got
some
Oh
first up headband yeah
funny little ornament yeah and that here
you find that hard this time from Elsa
yeah it's from Elsa and I got a bunny
singing sweet I got makeup
a big past ugly
me and can Oh
and I got a small pack of Legos
me
you
a mommy in the mirror makeup disguise is
a stop be so cute here's candy this is a
a train I gotta show you just done
this is right kid and this was from
Annie
she gave me this candy blue little so
this is almost like a Jasmine thing
because it wasn't think it would be and
it was blue it would probably be a
Jasmine I got a little lava lamp lovely
cool shoes some states this is my
handstand sure why is it upside down be
good when you're in a handstand and airy
love you for this
because bunnies give me a huge bunny I
love another tiny little bunny bunny
don't do it all bunny mom even a little
sweatshirt for a handstand sure yeah
cute handstand here hands hands wet dirt
should say I gotta I fish
chevron like little blanket then I got a
little skirt that goes with this pajamas
and these pants the pants go on and the
skirt goes on over it and then that
shirt those are cute okay and then these
pajamas footsie pajamas and some black
gray pants a shirt - it says gymnast
here I got some Qi heroes and look at
those fancy boots little beautiful
necklace all things Paris and Eiffel
Tower and a bow and a camera then he has
a beautiful puppy dog Annie well did you
get last night we opened some non money
and then I have a wallet wristlet I can
go to open some presents last night yes
I got this wristlet from mommy and I can
pair your phone here if you get in the
Bahamas and saw two of my friends having
it I'm like okay I want a really bad day
because I didn't have a tiny little ball
with a tie here and then I have this
pocket inside I have pages Thank You
cheeky are you just business card a
Target gift card another ten dollars in
Australian money
Caleb card mommy had a trip it's okay it
wouldn't fit in a little Oh get this no
slot okay and I have a bunch of Bahama
and Australian money in here and then I
have money in here and then American
money in here I can hear it
okay alright Haley do you know what it
is
Haley what is it Hayley what is it this
is the game we play in our house yes yes
I it's some kind of gift card my right
eye I haven't felt it nope I'm wrong
oh that's so she's like this is amazing
yeah are you saying yeah alright I try
to get yeah yes yes yeah it's a box yes
it's a bottle yeah and app I'm
clicking on with a necklace to the head
box or earrings court I don't know
it's a guardian angel necklace they make
a wish and put on your necklace you are
never alone your guardian angel is
always with you think of them as your
own personal celestial bodyguard where
your necklace is a reminder to believe
in angels oh thank you okay yeah Annie
already opened hers yesterday right or
the day before did you like that Annie
she brought it with her oh you did
did you catch it what broccoli so you're
in your veggies before you eat the sugar
good Oh lives not oh yeah I need that
good thing looks good I love it yeah
and then live got the elephant one focus
in it mm-hmm oh there's what did it go
in the box lo something about luck good
luck
hey like you can't leave it in these for
you sure giraffe with your head in the
trees and you're not knobby knees you
make me laugh yo ya not ready to go just
no not nope
try again nope nope nope
don't you think have a safer dinner
still Oh 48 where are you then hey you
said gosh you're gonna cry why I know
what is it people can make people can be
voice my thing that I say now Oh put it
on people are doing you singing and more
lip singing to you saying how many
people have done it oh it's at the top
of the list so probably a lot of it's on
oh they're gone lower it was the very
last time I think in 1718 Oh a distance
eighteen seventeen sixty it's fifteen so
there every week there's a new thing and
dinnertime is a conference center and
talk about YouTube having kids and
birdie is Monday it's a delicious my
attends out a theme and says you
thinking about that first I dare and the
truth is for this no good
so last week you're a vision on don't we
have Matt King Kansa stranger ever asked
you to take a so much there's a factory
George to stop you know we have to we
have two cameras you have a red one do
yeah guess what I had the red one too oh
yeah oh yeah I saw that cameras you got
a camera for Christmas Christmas dinner
and they're talking about booths up
there I do feel that way about guys with
hats
what's the trip with here this year
Brody did you just find out the truth
was there so the week what is it baby
new year baby new year I didn't know
what it was either
what do you have to do we have to dress
up and okay so we have finished
Christmas dinner yeah
and now we go home and please all open
really that we're gonna go home and go
to bed now it's time for the question
the day cream today is what is your
least favorite word and why mine is
probably either chill like come on chill
because I'm like chill you're saying
chill okay animus of either chill or
pattern true true okay so don't forget
to calm down below because we want to
know the question today is your fit
what's your least favorite word and why
I see tomorrow babe thanks for watching
Britt Ailey
