today tailee all right so we got a
skating slime making nine-year-old happy
Tuesday it is a happy Tuesday don't
close the door on Tuesday open the door
to Tuesday that's what we're gonna live
by today we're opening our door to
Tuesday so we are it's Tuesday morning
at 8:30 we're leaving here whenever
everybody's ready hailey was kinda the
bath I think she's in her room getting
dressed but anyway we have a meeting
this morning we had was 12 she's like
when she found out her call time was
later she's like yes what you don't
understand you're calling the letter B
because the meeting right you probably
would have had an earlier call time you
should say you're welcome for us as
really good meeting okay so we got a
meeting call time then dance rehearsals
because they need to rehearse for a
scene coming up yeah
gently please nails and that's our day
like I think you guys should join along
and tap along with us and see what kind
of day she's counting what kind of day
this is gonna be they're gonna be a good
day it's gonna be a bad days
Andy gonna be goofy let's go check it on
Hayley okay so Billy how's that work is
it in your mind you just feel like
you're stronger I watched the videos
were when I was at it again and what
happened if you tuned in yesterday to
yesterday's video it were talking you'll
see in it is when everyone tries to look
the person they don't all look at the
same time this person on this set of
poll then this person may be do you
think it's because they're like but when
they all sync together and it's because
they're counting together one then they
all go down so it's not spirit and they
all live together so they're all lifting
at the same exact time
one two what that Liza feather stiff as
a board
typing okay so how much do they weigh
well that's rude let's say the wrong way
I know the one you're talking about
let's say he went 150 pounds that would
mean that all of you only lifted 32 back
with your fingers when you push still
it's not like a good grip no but you'll
need to use four points I'd like to
believe it was like good spirits though
guys not like creepiest beer your only
less than 30 pounds
he'll pick up Haley Haley weighs almost
50 grub when you're doing this you're
doing your whole body
that's harder to do that time you says
yours when you're lifting very little
Winky alright well enough of this
silliness get your shoes on make sure
your teeth are brushed and let's start
Tuesday this meeting is taking us
through like the parts of Los Angeles
where the fires or fires were right
about here and we're seeing like just a
dirt fires good point there's not even
any trees on this spot even all the
trees burn dad no I don't know if it's
showing it well enough for you guys but
it's so crazy but look not on the side
and it's raining so there's a little bit
of color right there on that side and
then just black over here just burn soil
a partnership between the raindrops on
that one Jill I'll show you what this
side looks like green a little bit of
yellow in there but not burned just dirt
you guys
look at that no trees it came back here
the work
when we first started approaching it
there were spots where like some of the
trees made it I know like over here this
is the other side no that's crazy
those fires were horrible whatever that
was oh yeah out of the building up there
and then we get back to some green
that is crazy the people the right side
of the right side was like pretty much
untouched
I feel like it doesn't wouldn't a burned
I think it has before but it's very very
rare did I shut down that road oh I'm
sure everything was shut down no coach
that was to the road that was crazy
imagine the heat that would have been
coming off that thing meeting adjourned
I'm hello I'm already doing it thank you
she's like film this film this meeting
adjourned and our chauffeur Hayley is
going to take us where we need to be the
car is not on so should we let her start
the car no that's not that's not that's
not how you start the car you have to
push the brake that's not the brake oh
yeah there's too many cars around too
many expensive cars too many brilliant
Roger yeah you can do it the crowd does
the safer place yeah but we're alright
we're on to our next yeah we're going to
don't say what it is that might give
stuff away all right we're on our way I
gotta help navigate so we'll see you in
a little I'm gonna go interview the boys
they're gonna love it watch how are the
boys doing today we're trying we're
waiting for our talked about yes they
order talk about yeah Carson ordered it
and he ordered way too much I always
over I'm hot when I'm hungry I just eat
meat meat oh yeah he will completely
over ordered that night that was like it
was yeah for the whole set here yeah we
could have fed everybody here it was
delicious
so we're in between shots should we tell
them what happened okay so how did how
did it happen person what happened I
think I'm the one who brought it up
because I saw Rob with them in rabaa
national family the other wireless
earbuds I happen yeah Brendan I was
telling hey I know it's not an ad no no
not a dad I don't know I saw Dylan today
at the gym like coming out and he had
him and he had both of a minute and he
like took out one and
Billy is trying to get in some right now
yeah he's at the Apple see where I was
like I want a pair of those for our trip
coming up and he got up and he left and
he's gonna see like I warm up today and
then Billy said I didn't say all rude
though nothing you said it grow but I'll
just let the record state that I'm like
I want to go get those before we leave
here a trip maybe two minutes yeah and
he's out the door
so he's there seeing how many she
doesn't know that she might be getting
some air but you're really cool you
don't have a pods they're like the Apple
ones that you like the white ones that
you like but they don't have the wire
they're really nice I know they're crazy
charging really cool you know Instagram
is that was your fault this time the
other day it was me now it's you didn't
you learn the lesson from my mistakes
from everyone I said I I wonder if Annie
knows what BS means when she got marry
me and walked out look how Maggio do you
or you now you're acting mad right are
you going mad at me and now you did it
huh you should have learned from my
mistakes it's a good trap right the hug
see how long yeah they got the cut stuff
you like do you like Cool Ranch
we like the Doritos Locos Devoto butta
butta Billy comes bearing gifts from the
Apple store it makes me happy this is
what I got for the trip so it's like
justified just and we're like a carson
so excited Carthon and hayden there and
Annie didn't even know
you're blocking the way excusa all right
well they're filming so we can't give
them to him it's a hold tight I'm
listening to Annie right now guys and
Hayden will be on in a second it is like
Christmas
it was so out of the blue there like
this we were just having a conversation
and I'm like that sounds like something
I need and then like what two hours
later we had them it's unboxing I don't
she's not a paper mother this is not a
paper version to change their being
called a set you can get the unboxing
themself I'll watch them I will hold
though be you don't change she said you
need to change Oh
be you cards don't change I just didn't
like my headphones that I had so I
really did it was in the market for new
ones okay everything's safe with me
we're good oh right my friends we had a
little bit of a change of plans
everything was the meeting this morning
and then filming and then we were
supposed to be going to dance but turns
out we wrapped a little later so we
can't go to dance rehearsals because Dan
for Herzl's are over in 20 minutes
so I mean bummed about that but kind of
happy that we all just get to go home
and have another brat waxing yeah
relaxing evening they got a call time
tomorrow and then the next day we're
getting on a plane and some of you may
know where we're doing if you've been
paying attention to our socials you
might know where we're headed
so that will be an adventure so we got a
busy truly a busy next couple months I'm
already tired thinking about it you got
tickets to all the places we're going
hey you want to put some links in down
below so they know where we're gonna be
got some we might be coming to a city
near you
either with rock your hair or or Jacob
so you guys could come see us because
we're gonna be travelling the US and I'm
like I said I'm already - are you tired
thinking about all that I sure AM
and it's not supposed to rain tomorrow
all right back to your back to the
regular uberta rainbow everybody don't
panic
oh I was it is kind of get out of my way
building that is beautiful over there
he's dead she's dead
hey Leo its emergency if you are you
doing and you guys sound too much alike
meanwhile I'm just trying to get footage
of this rainbow look at that yes I know
we just need to pull over
oh that is so pretty these all people
think I'm crazy over here driving next
to Mike they know all right well anyway
join us for evening at home
all right that's right the mall we're in
a late night trip it's not that late
like seven and goal except 54 and we've
got some last-minute items that we need
to pick up for our trip to that place
we're going that I'm sure some of you
know see you in see that's your hand
that's a really good put anyway we're
going to pick up a few things I'll be
home for Mom
all right it's That moment when you come
to the mall with all these ideas of
things that you need and it just doesn't
work out we found nothing nothing all of
our ideas we're like oh that's a good
idea let me see it in person we're like
no with a bad idea so this was a
complete waste time and you can see it
written all over Annie's face
now it's been an hour free advertisement
from that guy that very bus guy back
there anyways we didn't get anything we
needed and I don't remember oh yeah
we've been here about an hour so we're
gonna continue sulking about how
uneventful and unless the word I'm
looking for necessary unnecessary
there's another word I just can't think
of it because I'm ready to go home
frustrated Jack if I thought of the word
it was an unproductive unproductive trip
to the mall my vocabulary came back to
me and then just now escaped me goodbye
guys review and we're back we're not I
mean we got back a long time ago but
right now
wait you break that okay so we got some
um you've got some we got some what is
this cup lotion we should gonna put some
more lotion into that oh wait either
that was kind of good I kind of didn't
right now we're gonna add some foam in
it
we're gonna take this like I'm having my
room we're gonna take the pencil
take the white light purple
do you see this it's fine mother mother
all right I think it's time for are you
using makeup got a lot to clean time for
the question of the day and that's kind
of it just the slime is is it on its
last legs just limes just sign my legs
all right so we got a skating slime
making nine year old we got a teenager
up in her room doing who knows what
surprise shopping she's probably adding
stuff to the cart so I can come up there
and approve it and we've got a sleeping
daddy he is because he turned he muted
the TV so you could film and he fell
asleep okay Oh back to what we were
doing
we need a question of the day when I go
upstairs and I'm gonna find out what
Hayley's Andy thinks and when I come
back down you should start cleaning
because it's almost bedtime
oh wait she might be a sleep okay Oh
half asleep you do a question of the day
are you asleep
she's half asleep
I'm not sure but we're gonna let her
sleep
what you already ate dinner were you
really okay you're kind of hungry I
really don't know what to do it you
sometimes you're like a two-year-old and
a 20 year old I never know what Annie
I'm gonna get difficulties to clean but
it's like really loud can you clean the
whole thing - the whole kitchen yeah all
right well in the morning hopefully
you'll see a clean kitchen so after she
cleans the kitchen Cinderella's going to
bed yeah you need to get out of bed
because remember how what is this these
were the things that we're hanging up
last night I'm not feeding you again oh
my gosh it really has been recording for
11 minutes that means Haley played the
slime for a long time I hope that went
in fast motion for you guys because I'm
only in charge of making sure our video
got filmed and Haley was filming no okay
wait I was just trying to think of
something like we've done this before
but I feel like we needed to do it again
it's not a question of the day I got a
question today comment somebody comment
the person above you in the comments
so the woman I mean compliment
compliment somebody well you're a very
nice fellow I love you okay and then you
guys have to compliment somebody the
above you so the first comment needs to
say like below you know above you
because it to come oh wait does it go
from the top Oh YouTube keeps confusing
me
alright you guys know what we mean
before you we're gonna go ahead and end
this video here so you guys can't see me
beat my child so what just covered a
pocket in my pants
that is amazing okay oh my gosh this is
this vlog I don't even know comment
compliment somebody in the comments like
the one before you we will see you guys
tomorrow thanks for joining us and okay
bye number two celebrate
thanks for watching
Vitaliy
