time for metalli
oh boo we're all packed up and ready to
go oh we can't take the coconuts PS by
the way bt-dubs say goodbye
movie night boom alright well it's
morning right now so it's just gonna be
okay afternoon when we get home
cuz they're not gonna let us take the
coconuts through customs back home
that's on those we are all packed up
this room is going to be vacant until
the next people get to enjoy it and
we're starting our journey home
everybody grab a bag or 3/4 pretty much
grabbing one bags not enough Haley can
you get Annie's gym bag put it on your
back what what teamwork we work together
is fantastic
and your voice what happened oh you woke
up like that you know it little all
right daddy's got it daddy put it on
there thanks for nothing sunshine go out
Lorna not doing school rumor
so that's pretty warm that is c1 so we
should go on the waterslide
tomorrow home yes we'll get our water
side all right
welcome to your shuttle to the airport
oh hi beautiful water to the United
States I'm gonna miss it
Gold I think they're over it all right
pictures yeah hanging out in the Haute
Hotel oh I don't want to be at an
airport
hanging out at the airport taking
Polaroids taking pictures of Polaroid
this is all ready to go pictures
laughter that's funny do you like that
kind of camera this is the kind of
camera I used when I was like 10 I had a
Polaroid camera it was amazing it's fun
to like watch the yeah yeah that's so
cool
those are fun are you guys excited to go
home or bum so sad I want to be them for
Christmas
like I when you'll come back yeah I'll
just teleport yes get on the first plane
back Thanks I miss Donald oh my girls of
them you'll bring your dog is it meet
you I'm gonna bring my dog taking my dad
my brother yeah
now we're going to
anything
Luxio
Mary
we flow
here's a break
okay so much my over here I'm the one
with the bridge
where's we behave
can't even see the mind of
contracted by
okay so we've landed we're just sitting
on the runway not going to our gate
lived in a vlog about it
oh we're moving yeah
dr. Lebon
we're home home sweet home on to the
next part of our day which includes Andy
taking a nap and then going to the gym
cuz she hasn't practice in a week leave
mine Xena gets you Hayley has Jim
tonight hmm
well you look you don't look tired I
said Annie's gonna take a nap like you
can have
hey hey as Jim annie has Jim and then
it's Christmas hee-hee tomorrow oh my
goodness I feel so underprepared oh hey
Oh uh-oh mommy oh geez I knew one was
asleep Oh No we've got Jim in ten
minutes I don't know if Hayley's faking
or not I knew this one was asleep and I
was just about to wake her she hasn't
even changed I have her Leo right here I
ran into the health and grabbed a Leo
and Hayley change cuz she was awake I
don't know how I'm gonna get these girls
into the gym
wish me luck oh you know like now did
Jamie yes I hear I got a way better got
that
okay - just got back from gym and it is
really dark and it's seven o'clock fifty
at night right it is not meeting almost
eight o'clock
so almost eight o'clock and it's not
that late and when we finally get to go
home and relax and relax and have a
Christmas miracle
what kind of Christmas miracle you hope
I don't know oh my goodness
this box is ahead should we do them all
oh you can do them up to today's date
like Christmas Eve Eve gave Eve Eve hmm
so it's the night before Christmas Eve
e48 right right tomorrow's Christmas Eve
Eve and then the next day is Christmas
Eve
yep and then Christmas and Christmas Eve
and so we usually he don't do this this
is what we do we usually take the
presents that is our Bajans right she's
finally caught on and yeah you're right
so I thought you're right I thought that
you used
Berbatov was our Christmas seemed but no
because mommy told me bursted my bubble
toss me hey I get you but jobless and I
was like wow
and she was like sounds like what I'm
doing it to Mary Jane mmm she do that
yes she's like hey guess what but if did
you know that by the time this video
that you're filming right now goes up
your meat video will be up on your new
jail yeah I'm Wednesday right yeah gonna
dress tomorrow right
yeah so dun dun duh dun dun on a
Wednesday that's tomorrow if you guys
didn't know that agenda today for them
yeah I guess you day for then it goes up
but it's asking tomorrow for us
on Wednesday for us tomorrow so there's
a new video hello because although me oh
yeah
and I had too much sugar day but so and
it's my to mark and go watch that video
and don't forget to subscribe and like
they don't you know known o'clock mommy
we don't have a name for it yet
see Bailey my mom will put a link so go
and watch that video and we don't know
what naman is so be patient and don't
forget to subscribe so go and check that
it came out because I want to go along a
lot of uses itself yes give me a couple
thousand okay I mean creepy air by it
yes I just in this camera but hey guys
some done gymnastics I'm really tired
and Soulja mask tomorrow so time for
today and I want to go to bed I'm eating
right now so is Haley were watching a
movie I'm actually eating on the couch
so what's the best meal you've ever
eaten the best meal I've ever eaten is
probably I don't know why we had these
to the minors probably because people
really hungry or one person one of those
and the other person one of that but
there was Hamburger Helper
oh my mac and cheese and chicken nuggets
I love that so that number this
hamburger oh look
okay so don't you - Oh bye
don't do it when I walk as we own
another con today is ever baked potato
babe thanks for watching Britt Ailey
