okay so there I finally got him up it
took me a while for some of them it took
me awhile for some of them do ate them
all look at that I got the integer
hydrogen be whatnot buzzes my easy to do
things I know what this is I love it
easy alright good try to get them off my
foot yeah are they the same size yeah
you try to smell better really well what
do you know that is more okay I can't
believe you guys are up this early
do you know what Liv's dad said last
night it's the same Sun rising as it
does where we live we are this way where
we lose dad said it's the same Sun that
rises where we live we hold in to the
beach and see if he knows we're gonna
return it to its home we saw an open one
yesterday any art knife dog when we've
actually bought an around or don't even
put it out there over there you have it
okay let's go okay none of that so what
I guess that we are right now one hang
it's raining out here while we wait for
the sunrise I see yeah so we're all
huddled on one of these little food
things because there's a tent level
put your gay
right now he's gotta hit her pretty hard
another coconut this one's already empty
cocka cocka the coconut is gonna be mad
that she messed a lot of his friends
like that I can't throw it down I found
one yes to do that coconut water in it I
think what it is is we're just the first
people here I'm just like Katie I want
to touch him he's like hi goodbye
waking up at 5:45 for this little diva
she requires a couple extra sleep yeah
tonight you girls are gonna be so cranky
tonight this morning I was like I was
really crazy oh so we are going to
attempt to get bathing suits on and go
out because we're gonna go to the water
park where you're gonna get wet anyway
so it's still raining yeah it's still
raining it doesn't look like it is but
if you look really closely
well it wasn't that going to go so I
shouldn't say for sure it uh yeah it's
definitely raining
I think it supposed to be like this for
the next couple days I know how to
musically saw that video
what happened live sure the one the
musically of her singing beautiful like
full of singing got on features and
she's very very very bad about that I
was like anything in the elevator
something I've been meaning to tell you
I wanted to make sure that you you
should be as bad about no I actually
left you singing in a video she didn't
know she put the camera down the still
recording she didn't know what the
Bamiyan yeah I'm still recording and
then as she's singing so I just loved it
thank you for cleaning your repeat
alright so Bru gravity is about the film
his truth plus stairway you might not
want soon
he's getting shy Brody's on truth Plus
dare now and he has to go take pictures
with selfies with strangers alright
thank you
it is lunch time we're hitting up the
buffet today
hate when that happens
it's too windy the girls don't want to
go out so apparently they're going to
hang in here and make lots of musically
the music musical ease is a Isiah yeah
music
ly musically musically like musical it's
called their music there's called
musical so there's probably musically
yeah I don't know you guys let us know
how to say it so she knows more she's
like profession Annie who's so this is
pretty much we're gonna do until like
maybe the wind dies down till our team
dinner tonight we're doing a little bit
of shopping huh we're headed to the
candy store next is that what I heard
yeah do you guys find anything in here
that you like some jewelry hats shoes
no you're good you're good okay perfect
yeah we have glitter tatoo beautiful
there's none yeah Katie's gone right now
snazzy morning already got a frog huh
I'm not the bride of me neither
yeah okay that's really cool I wanna see
yeah all right we got five minutes to do
a crow before team dinner fuller just
puppy thing okay
oh no oh whoa the person gets to write
yeah yeah I'm getting I'm just doing one
she wants to redeem herself
did you I saw the footage yeah you see
this top dimension no I need to see this
one I am like slow-mo right I don't know
what you were talking about go watch
yesterday's video that pink thing that's
gonna go ahead Oh today's been able so
two days ago video
like that yeah that's not fun no I don't
know the good way media myself you're
not doing on a hat I know is useless
that's a noise y'all didn't counted it
I think it says I didn't oh wait oh that
happened this morning it's been a long
day
such a long day never mind guys just
cord rewind you already saw that nice
yeah ha ha
not in here what team dinner good girl
fishy come back please okay turn around
way to fish smile in the fish goes back
oh hey thank you fish I appreciate it
authorities pizza
pizza party Congrats on first place team
right I know I thought you know a skip
it yes let's go to bed bed good night
and we'll see you tomorrow
did you know Daniel maybe you should try
that I wouldn't worry
let's you're getting extra bed sorry do
I wash today me oh yes hit me maybe
you're Gemma
Google you wouldn't make peace in the
camera - - it always does like this is
take it I tea tomorrow good night
please I'm about the net hey babe thanks
for watching
Britt Ailey
