time for my daily good morning girls
how are you guys feeling like she took
her spot I got the cutest picture of you
guys last night and I sent it to your
mom was a nice part of my her armpit was
in your face and we were gonna post it
on Instagram well we weren't going to
but we wanted to but we knew that that
might not be like something you guys
would want on Instagram but it was so
cute yes it was super cute so we've got
these girls away cuz their meet early
and Hayley's still sleeping cuz her
meets a little later is how katie has
like you guys are so good let's give
them a glimpse ready one two cute okay
it's all you guys good alright so we're
gonna have some breakfast and get meat
ready and we'll see you guys later
so meet hair shouldn't be a surgeon
beautiful we're talking about something
wiggle wiggle wiggle wiggle yeah
oh my leg a little I'm so excited that
we didn't have to wake you
I walked in the room and you guys were
awake yeah how she was awake what
amazing huh how's breakfast yeah really
that good huh it's you healthy cereal
but you need all that and you can have
some cereal oh yeah we are t-minus Oh
miss 20 minutes
not if you switch my digits it'd be 21
in that mean clothes so pill to network
it's a perfect looks curl we're on this
side okay hey spring and out I'm not
excited just like you're not dead to me
yeah that's probably gonna do your
street I would have been like Shh
here's your stiff breakfast checking it
in check check check
are you checked in
flippo's excited do they fit you did you
get read sighs cool
everybody's getting here all right he's
getting ready to one over first event
with his
and
mail bath
yes I don't know what serious she's
competing I guess we'll find out she
wants to do the hand hand but
right now she's going to start with one
of the warm-up
all right warmed up number one okay we
want her back wall cover up in case she
can be too much
she wants the photo
all right Annie
all right look who just got here
we got to do some something a little
something-something with Beth
Annie competed on beam already and she's
getting ready to compete on floor so
we're gonna watch the meet and do
Haley's per right excited are you
nervous
are you nervous you are
nerves sighted what are you most nervous
about
ball okay you're gonna do right so I
can't wait to watch respect care hair by
Pina and Emily and we're good to go good
let me see Haley I love your what okay
where is my friend
they don't wear a scrunchie for me my
friend I know you got a lot to learn but
you're learning wait but you know what
your good foot is right we got a problem
if you don't little wait that's the one
again
yeah
my goodness you did say hi real quick
Oh my name is J baby on everything a
couple extra cast in the part I'm so she
did the best that I am so proud of her
alright hey let me gotta get to awards
alright first meet you did it you wet
are you proud are you excited yeah I
think we can find them
I found a knees and II got some metal
yeah good idea
you feel excited for your next one now
okay
by
furball I know it was Barnes okay
awesome job Hayley that is amazingly
believe you fun like I didn't know you
could get your feet on the bar like that
daddy was impressed with your bar
seriously you can't Wow are you ready
for the next meet now I know we already
talked about this but are you pumped
alright now can we go have some fun in
the Bahamas meets or done now that you
know what it's like and you're fine
you're not nervous anymore okay so I
repeat can we go have some fun times the
Bahamas now that the meets are done it's
party time
a little circle gap thank you yeah what
was so great
yeah yeah thank you yeah she came down
here to show you guys know she got a
medal Oh like ask her oh thanks my
family has been like okay she was very
proud of that
whatever I know you I don't remember a
place they went out together and then we
did you I take you wanna do it again
good girl yeah lock the key in the world
that is we are here we have arrived I
feel like we're just arriving today
yeah go to the pool sit in the Sun chill
the perfect
okay ground oh my gosh we were at the
water park and that
and Brannon and all the other big girls
they went water slidin so Haley doesn't
like water slime and isn't big enough so
Haley and mommy gets the mami and Haley
time right we're going to go wherever
Haley wants
I do i double-dog dare you to get wet
yes
you came up with us there go for it yep
oh come on I thought you're gonna jump
oh you're drinking it get a little
drinky puppy dog
yay Bahamas vacation finally begins the
meets are done and who whose room Arden
who did you volunteer my room again
Arden whose room is this ng is it really
I knew it mr. Billy did it now it makes
sense see what happens with hey Haley
see what happens if we go to the beach
she is living the life in the body did
you really
Oh apparently we're having a sleepover
balloon they just announced it and now
it's on video so I would look like a
Meany pants if I didn't do it how many
are there of you 170 the whole crew
not just this group as long as we don't
get any phone calls saying settle down
there sparking like we did on our first
time we got a phone call when we cursed
it bratayley makes history yeah we were
being a little bit too loud it was no
excuse though
I blame George
Oh watch they're going to be mad it's
time for dinner and they're not gonna
want to leave this balcony upset he had
believed that this beautiful view and
come to dinner okay you're good right
here all right well we were supposed to
meet him like five minutes ago
so let's boogie tonight Annie is wearing
a white laced romper paired with a jean
jacket a denim jean jacket that is and
new silver shoes flip flops some sharp
teeth jewelry and a bracelet friendship
bracelet and a put some sand in your
anklet bracelet thanks for your time and
halfway down meet hair next on the
runway we have live who is wearing a
teal tank top with from her cousin with
a white cami and white shorts paired
with some a beautiful brown forever 21
sandals and her bracelet that matches
Annie's her hair is down and washed and
clean and we met up with Katy now and
she's joined us for our fashion show so
I'm sorry oh whoa she is just from the
fashion show because she's not wearing
her ring effect bracelet but she is
wearing a white cami and what are on
your shorts my friend yeah sailboats
paired with sandals
Logan I saw your friend look together
lid pull it together
thank you decide to walk out of that
room without friendship bracelet on
located yet the nerve nerve dinner yeah
- but yes oh I just recently found that
you know this summer sour gummy shoes
yeah I said any there's candy in here
I'm gonna eat it I'm gonna eat and then
I ate it and she said that that was my
dad's candy
he said he counted it I watched him
counted I'm like I'm dead I'm so oh my
gosh
you got you a line but that was love
human okay so that laughs do live
normally laughs when you like tissue
laughs for two hours
no thanks for the test okay okay she
smiles and laughs and goes like this
just like wait no I know okay nice
moving your eyes
okay so that's a good question of the
day kind of led me to that what's your
favorite candy extremes extreme anything
then do I ask why not is everybody using
that sour watermelon WK panic oh no
she's getting ready to live she can't
look at us
she dududu doing as Arden sits and does
the you found it oh oh this is perfect
can't a tease their daddies at nine
o'clock at night only take one wrong
only because you guys are done with your
meet and one will be a nice little treat
I mean I it - okay - we'll be a little
treat yeah you do
so Canadian chance all right guys good
night I thought you answered Katie I'm
sorry don't cry we will what's your
favorite candy anything chocolate
anything chocolate are you good now yes
bye see you tomorrow yeah bye see you
tomorrow
wine ahead bye see you tomorrow yeah
tomorrow
a baked potato baked potato baby thanks
for watching Britt Ailey
