this is like my latest call time really
so I'm happy so I'm with Indy and I
don't think anyone else is here which is
weird maybe everybody else is caught
inside 30 his Diller
trakula tears all what it is salty no I
could sleep in 30 more minutes I'm sorry
actually I feel like mommy daughter day
mommy and hailey day more specifically
well unfortunately it's not gonna be
super super super exciting because it's
Monday and we've got school and I'm
cleaning so I chose to stay home with my
hailey cuz I have a cedar pretty this is
the face I miss and daddy took Haley and
me that other one Danny and Haley has
school this morning and I've been
cleaning this morning she's gonna start
on some social studies mm-hmm
I know you don't want to but and then
later on I think we've got a little
voice lesson Haley's gonna get some
voice lessons why you said you want to
do so daddy set it up like literally
literally just last week so this week
you don't want to yeah all right let's
make this deal since you said you want
to do last week and daddy made the
appointment we should do it and then you
can decide if you don't want to I'm not
gonna make you do it but I am gonna make
you do it once
I think you're gonna have fun you have
been wanting to do it and if you don't
like it you don't have to do it but it
just need you need to learn that if you
want you say you want to do something
and then we do it we set it up for you
you need to you need to follow through
all right so we're not gonna cancel it's
not gonna be anything crazy it's just
with David and you've met him a million
times and Annie's going to y'all are
doing it together
we just set it's like set it up for both
of you okay well anyway that was great
now she's gonna pretend to be asleep but
I could just tickler alright I'm gonna
get her started
stay tuned our day is just getting
started
what's going on it's raining in LA
that's crazy
it's like sprinkling or really raining
all right it is lunchtime in this house
Haley is doing really well she's now on
to language yay taking a little break to
check out the rain rain rain go away
yeah I don't like the rain I don't like
to right stay away every day but you
know I just have to say that rain is
good we need rain there was a time when
la really needed the rain so I've been
cleaning I've been doing laundry and now
it's time to get lunch ready
she's okay fell off her her glue-on
nails her note you can't use nail polish
for glue you are a mess she really is
you guys she's a mess yeah I know I saw
your a hurricane Haley that I will get
you some glue my friend that is not
gonna keep it on
they had orange tips and while she's
been doing school she's been filing the
orange off that's what we've been doing
but she got a 100 on her social studies
test yet oh yeah
well there's the essay it's not really
an essay but it's not like a
multiple-choice she has to explain why
something is different than something
and so that one's not graded yet but
other than that she got all the other
questions right so we're assuming it's
not 100 all right my friends we'll check
back in with you in a little bit okay so
we are back in the car
hand saw but that will be to rush out of
place we go to David's and all I've been
eating our bags
anything like they said cut into your
raps and I went and threw this thing off
don't tell anyone but I didn't take my
tank I'll take ten top
that's their tank top but I was like
peace I'm done and then I'm like I also
got new socks
oh yeah school shops opening an ask for
a bag you're like oh I didn't bring it
what take take toilets saw not so we're
gonna wear a video
don't what you know what aliens yeah me
neither
Oh Joel walk don't watch it so we're
going to David and Haley's going to be
singing yeah we're doing some work on
some stuff
so I think I'm gonna go first
I'm just rehearsing right so Haley I'm
just kind of hurt inside the arch I
think it's mostly just like a
so I'm going to avoid some of Haley I'm
gonna go first in a while Hannah is
going to might listen for a little bit
because you know first
and then I'm gonna go get food cuz I'm
really hungry in tears that's all
Oh make yourself at home Haley here we
are we haven't been here in a while
we just got here we're waiting on daddy
and Annie cuz they left a few minutes
late so they're gonna be here a few
minutes like of that yawn they should be
here any minute lines no one wants to
see the inside of your mouth like that
much okay so yeah it is I can't even
tell what time it is
I'm trying to figure that out but you
tell me okay we got a new phone case
yesterday her bratayley pops like it on
there what time is it 2:01 2:05 daddy is
really late is it really
ah he's just making stuff up to live I
can read you can tell time and read oh I
think they're here I hear David talking
to somebody
yep there they are and it's raining
alright alright see you in a minute
Haley and I decided that this is great
weather to go home after this and take a
nap it's raining and it's dark and
cloudy and there she is hello fancy
meeting you guys here
Wow is it did you oh it's fine yeah but
is the case all dirty
it's like it was like okay nope you
can't I put my phone under my arm a lot
so that could easily happen to me I met
my camera did I say phone what
Haylee it was not 205 busted I asked
what time it was instead 205 when I turn
on the camera with excitement in his
blurry I want to announce that we're all
home and he had a half day off pretty
much she had to go in and film a quick
scene yeah it was a very short day it
was one scene but anyway we're all home
and it's 5 o'clock in the evening all of
us all four of us we're just gonna have
a party actually the party will actually
be later it's not really a party but
we're gonna watch a movie and eat
cookies cuz I feel like that's what we
should do on a rainy day but Annie's
gonna do a little bit more school she's
very excited and well it's not a day off
from school the day off from work you
don't get days off of school yeah
especially on a Monday you don't get a
weekend because you're far behind I mean
we've already gotten in our head that
she's gonna be doing school all year
round pretty much but that's okay that's
okay cuz we're just slow and steady and
don't you just love when you do laundry
and you come over here and it's not like
straitened anymore back today if you can
do that it is 4:47 school yeah and
that's why I need one of those computer
things where I can do school bomb in
that what you still not safe to take
your computer over water even if you had
that little thing it's for like a book
and four candles and stuff like that not
for electronic yes book you've got books
go read them no so I guess you'll have
to stink no hygiene no personal hygiene
you will do school your brain is more
important than your personal hygiene I'm
just kidding I think personal hygiene
should come first I'd rather you take
care of your
where did this conversation even go here
no you started it by saying I want to do
school in the bathtub No so it's your
fault I said I wanted to take a bath but
you're making me do school so how about
we compromise and I get to do school
while I'm in the back what how about I
just let you take a bath and we can just
be done with this conversation you can
do school but if you want to relax for a
little while you can and then you can do
scuzz you can do school anytime today
because you been to school
alright well we're gonna decide what
we're gonna do and I'm apparently gonna
refold this laundry so exciting Annie
has something to say she thinks it's
summertime because she finished school
for the day and I just found this in the
dryer she's been looking for this it's
all melted I'm sure hope it's not all
over the clothes just magically gets
back in form really what would happen if
you hadn't one to talk
you guys have a lot of laundry to put
away I've got one more load to fold you
didn't take your makeup off today from
set did you it's right all over your eye
right here we're getting a close-up on
line what are you drawing
oh I can't see it tickled is it private
is it secret is it fashion stop tickling
me good exercise you gotta come out this
all right
trust of all we just did it yeah after
that and then you can in the neck oh no
that's my wheel here well me I wouldn't
rip out no but connected oh gosh yes
okay wait
hey now watch wait for mommy yeah I
can't push you just fall that's way
cooler
okay Haley she's like Jenny what do you
think I'm doing Wow
you fell alright
Oh
and mommy did go to me I will tickle it
on her feet stay back at least ten feet
near you what happened missed it alright
so it is family movie night and oh you
okay
we're auntie made cookies and we're all
gonna sit down on the handbag in the
couch your smushed up cookie that's the
way I like it that's the way I like it
alright so lights are out movies ready
and the bean bag is bluffed and where
are the cookies there why are they not
in my mouth cuz daddy said no what did
you tell her not to do they're wrong mmm
they're not wrong and she's trying to
tell you one thing she said they're
falling apart
it's cookie pieces mmm I don't care how
they look just how they taste and it's
gonna taste delicious so ah I ate some
gummy bears in true movie fashion before
the movie even started I had a few
because that's what I do in the movie
theater - before the movie even starts
I've eaten like most of my popcorn are
you ready
I'm tired right fell asleep during this
movie maybe we should do a question of
the day just in case and it's not
questions at six o'clock you lazy ball
it's almost 7:00
so that's better we're even cookies so
that's a good question
but I just want to explain that we had a
very late lunch / early dinner so like
okay mommy I'd rather be in a movie no
I'd rather be in a TV show I don't know
that's a good one yeah true a movie a TV
show well not if there's TV show gets
canceled what you put gummy bears in the
cookie we sit they are beautiful and I
when I smushed it's okay they look so
delicious okay I'll take the plate all
right ready oh yeah we'll be back I'm
sure but just in case we all fell asleep
at least we did a question of the day
and we'll see you tomorrow and if not
we'll see you after don't you tickle my
feet we'll see you later
hola everyone so I just washed my face
and I found tweezers I'm gonna see if I
can pluck my eyebrows I already did one
it's working so Haley's gonna wrap up
rush in the night for you guys oh wow
well I made my life easier Gompers
coming up through another version of the
head would you rather be a movie or
after you know what I mean
bye guys see you tomorrow we might do my
closet tonight but I'm not sure to
celebrate thanks for watching
the tailee
