time for my first practice I'm saying
completely private today you learn how
to our routine we're not leaving until a
little while have a good practice
Haley's out bright and early this
morning
Apple break should have been having an
apple a day you know what they say an
apple a day keeps the doctor away if
you've just been practicing that how's
it going they say an apple a day keeps
the doctor away
ooh you got five minutes so your private
I just look glanced so you want it white
when I go in there and get that stuff
off what are you nervous about bars not
your series on beam yeah
all right you going back in I do you
finish that Apple
turning that worthy and done it with the
music too much
skip MIT
you missed the bandwidth I was give
Christel governor homemade lemonade
that's what's going on here freshly
squeezed lemons a little bit of sugar
and some water thanks Joe Paul a she got
some lemons at Chipotle after the
private we did you just spill that
everywhere we needed some oh yes you did
we needed some grub so we went over to
Chipotle and Haley got lemons is it good
those long has made some lazada that's
some Christmas present that one of
Daddy's co-workers sent us well you got
to eat I think it's um treats and sweets
oh you have to eat lunch first oh this
one it's a present another present
another present and another present
Haley lives make cakes all right we've
got school to do and eating some sweet
treats to do for you we were wondering
but first I'll take a selfie we were
wondering where you were where's the
little one little one are you outside
or are you sleeping usually they're up
here when we get home
this time they were nowhere to be down
oh whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa whoa mommy
yeah get your finger out of sugar before
you ask the question what what's
question no no no milk and sugar aren't
gonna mix yes you can put some you can
finish your I was gonna say you could
make some milk but no you just made
lemonade one little thing I mean one
little finger get your hand out of sugar
it's not good for you I just did some
voice-overs for batali makes history and
there's like a surprise that John
opening got um an exciting time boxing
toy oh oh you america--the a niqab no
way yeah my last one was getting the old
roadie increasingly me just roll around
on the ground each time we shoot down so
I thought I'd get a fresh one for our
last shoot that's amazing
looking good man what a champ you
changed it up a little bit it's not a
flag well yeah I've added one new
accessory each time we go out and shoot
so keep your eyes peeled see if you can
notice okay what that's why differences
in in George's threads because there are
some new items every time and I'm gonna
be wearing something different too
oh well I think you already know what it
is but I'm gonna I'm gonna be matching a
knee
oh yeah yeah well I gotta try it on
first and make sure it fits because that
would be weird
but that's the plan we don't have the
best track record in picking out cos
unison guys no I mean that is that the
topic it's totally the thought that
counts like I mean no judgments Yeah
right hey totally no way all right sorry
about the dark lights the light bulb
just one out
yeah and Hayley wanted to show me
something whenever she's always in your
way they're just happy to see us
Haley seriously Haley
we are gearing up for the Bahamas we
leave in not tomorrow but the next day
Whitney come on she's not done oh well
there's so much for floor hey shouldn't
we finish what we start yeah go from the
kick over she's not stretched out the
adverts pretty did it cuz this is the
part that I want to worry about belly
that way yep there you go oh that was
what you guys are you keep that foot up
points off when you put your foot down
yeah it's getting there
now parking the whole thing whoa all
right down here my dismount and I got it
you did right here cool she shouldn't be
practicing when I'm not down here okay
for real though it's not safe okay oh
okay never mind them that's not your
routine oh yeah how you're gonna mount
the bar
no warmup ladies and gentlemen bar to
the gut all right Haley hey don't do
that to me oh okay oh geez
sure skip over the easiest part of the
routine she's skipping so this is what
she can do was called a basket swing if
she does it warm up the mill circle
we'll try that again
you got it keep your momentum going you
got a good swing down but you got to use
it to rock back up so you've got too
much momentum I think if not as easy as
that look you did may have supposed to
be easier than the middle circle but
it's still pretty hard yeah
she's supposed to pop back up like that
are you nervous Haley not like about the
meat or now what are you barking at it's
me are you seeing my reflection you
nervous about the beat my ready don't
look for a second okay what do you think
is gonna happen I don't look what do you
think is gonna happen okay I think
you're gonna do it yeah I think you're
gonna forget any routines hmm think
you're gonna get your mill circle or you
think you're gonna do the basket swing
wait is it called a basket swing yeah
you do you think you're gonna just do
the basket swing okay one one time all
right and then we're gonna go Annie
should be home soon so we're gonna do
dinner yay yay
I hope her day went pretty well after we
left that was it
oh that was so much better what how news
that that's good yeah what a workout I
got and this one's for you and this one
open it yeah how was practice you start
feeling better
what is that popcorn one of Daddy's
co-workers son bit that's all she needed
seem like you're in a better mood at
lunchtime she texted me he said she just
bilham you drive all the way out to the
gym forever not leave yeah we sent dad
you have to get you cuz you were like I
don't feel good I'm dizzy no I'm gonna
be like mommy comes up huge likes you Oh
John Oh daddy's hardcore now what truth
be told
are you saying he goes yeah advanced
diaper like 40 minutes oh oh really are
you guys are cute hey did you do okay
though you tried Network pull it will
 with all of it first of all it's
not at all having second of all chew
your food up and wait to talk until
you're done okay things that tell
yourself are movies are you musically
Jeff occasionally people find you how
only nine hundred if nine hundred
followers and you didn't even tell
anybody because it had the video where
you told everybody hasn't posted yet
Hildur you guys are so smart out there
that's that
well press handstand seven I guess isn't
that hard I guess if people are
searching like I wonder what Annie's
screen name would be and I know your
favorite number they're smart
seven you look - Hailie all right so you
guys are spoiling your appetite
yep for dinner oh wait you ate it Hades
traitor hmm I had this food cooking here
not really I haven't started dinner cuz
I realized the video wasn't uploaded see
you guys
i starved my family for the video this
Goku
oh you get up yeah some bloating right
now you just kidding we're gonna figure
out what we can do for dinner
chocolate it is heaven Apple Haley is
I've got some coach Mary said that
auntie need an apple but she said don't
go out of your way to go get one but
then I did because Haley and I were just
sitting at the gym anyway so we got
apples coach mary says apples are really
good for you and Janie told me I need an
apple - Katie needs an apple wait
somethin happened yeah thank you
what happens watch let's shut off a
little phone oh that's weird
do it again this is what we've been
doing all night making videos sorry is
this the first one then me pretty cool
already
you got to be zoom done for you wait so
you can't see her run off zoom in you
can't see her run off ah no no just go
closer to her ah strawberry ago
disappear wait I'll leave myself
here hey you gotta wait till it starts
dropping Oh for your viewing pleasure a
little reenactment of an old bratayley
video go again this was her a hippie
your three year three years re and camp
lights camera action I'm gonna eat your
weather
Oh what to do don't eat me you're gonna
hit him watch where you're hitting
though yeah and cut your hello everyone
it's time for the question sorry okay
the day my don't go what all right ready
would you rather read minds or know the
future whoa read minds know the future
all right your offices cuz then for
Christmas you know exactly what they
have and I'm not that finder
then when you open it won't be a that
dollar prize exactly and were you to n
plus some things don't need to be said
so don't forget to comment down below do
you want to know for today it would you
at the read mine or know the future
bye thanks for watching
Brit Ailee
