I can't be late to class again
so it's cool how there's so much detail
in a separate
okay let's go you can't like climb
inside out should we're done
hey by the world folding door now
neat tickets yeah
we're ready
I'm doing great how are you guys hi
what's your name I'm Sabrina nice we
actually mate hugg me that's way too
professional huh get your NATO in oh
shoot oh you brought up did you remember
it now it's Kayla
nice to meet you Jamie Annie all right
nice to me yes your halo you guys forgot
it first yeah so have you guys you've
probably seen a little bit of the set
already since you're standing in front
of it yeah I'm gonna go to see pops
let's do it
Jeremy's gonna show wardrobe yeah
because they've got the best food and
prop and some so right here classroom
this is where Corey teaches our history
class and it's the only classroom we
have because you never see us in any
other class but history oh no nobody I
mean we have four periods of just no
other teachers know just-just Corey
that's it
I sit here space is here I knew it I got
it I was lucky
quick where hey use it sounds like you
should she sits right here yeah in front
of class hi are you mrs. Farkle and then
for a Peyton and then these are well
this is usually whoever's guest-starring
for the week as another class maybe put
them at this desk right here we never
have a permanent person it already
that's there is kind of in danger these
are where we have our lockers and where
we have our most conversation sometimes
a little set secret here our lockers
this is a little pictures of us inside
and then do a lot of drawing and stuff
yeah and then on this side you see
because note the camera doesn't get to
see that side so I write um when I get
bored in there
and also whenever we have food we hide
it in there yep pieces as laughter and
yeah and some of these try to make it to
a poem yes these are actually decorated
actually almost all of the lockers that
we don't use are still decorated somehow
so that way just in case it looks like
it's clogging up my not that I wish
don't worry buddy long hallway of more
long which goes into the classroom on
that side and in our supposable gym is
over there
and then right here we set that reading
I have all the pictures of like you know
our sales from our sets stills from the
set and we really we rarely ever come in
this room
never so this is not Russ - next up we
have our fake city backdrop over here oh
yeah clearly we're in New York so this
is Ling the backdrop that you see oh
this is Prague oh yeah Thank You Ivan
v-day load on last night in episode we
had to eat chocolate Hey it was I mean
we just had to his requirement it was a
prize a part of a contract yeah they
wrote in our script so like we had to do
it um so this is the chocolate cake that
we ate fun fact did you guys make sure
you made as many mistakes as possible so
you can continue yeah make sure we
should because it should probably go to
them every day they had to research it
like this and I asked chocalate it right
you're smart he's our favorite cheese
this is mine and this is her favorite
fun fact
so we have a Russian bakery set and
called sanga's call topanga's which was
originally sworsky so it's kind of
rather Russian it comes home um so we
get food from a real Russian bakery
roars true for that set No
so I literally live for it on those
weeks that we have that set because it
means I get to have those fun food Hey
and she is that special vent delicious
what's the name of the Russian bakery
that's called our goal of insky santi
it's on a Fairfax and third Street but
in Los Angeles California
oh sorry good that's right love you here
you have some of our most famous props
from dipping up those which Jeremy likes
to post on Twitter of the week so this
is from our episode on Friday I'm coming
out and this is our buggy award our
famous award and then it's coming up you
guys will see this episode soon
chromates fish right mm-hmm yes this is
our owl detective from chrome eats fish
and this is mr. googly in Italy who's in
a lot of episodes you guys may or may
not rise him this is him in person and
so entail show-and-tell
this isn't room this is our board from
game night can you guys driver an
episode email so this is the board that
we use fun fact you can actually play
this case right you can really play it
we never did but we should our own game
Oh miss don't lie beneath this is from
the hall and Baywatch never know how it
is but mr. Walbert he's heavy
Oh God okay that was for all you carry
yeah we had it I'm gonna wash my hands
first we had um a bad monster who hid
under the bed and this was his version
of mr. mr. googly mr. blobbity so he's
heavy
so you can take that
oh we lost an eyeball that's how scary
he is that's it you guys witnessed it
where's the hair to attack sir thank you
right now it's just Nikki just girl
really telephone um he sweats so he's
got stage fright Thank You Jeremy yeah
yeah thanks Jeremy thank you guys bye
guys have fun be y'all follow on here we
go so this is where we eat
they call it craft service I really
don't know why I'm sure somebody else
can explain that to you but not know I
do think um I really do I have actually
always wondered that same thing why I
hope after this yes at the beginning we
were created to assist all the other
craft departments oh there was grip
electric crushing so there's a little
history lesson we learned something new
good okay DeLorean any type of pattern I
do as a matter of fact there's a
beautiful full jar right next to the fan
on the table where's the fan on the
table here for us like cookies you guys
wanna see these are coming Russian Baker
you made your no knowing you cookies go
next you will thank you probably the
most fun for girls ready for wardrobe
oh yeah nobody's changing that's always
good
oh my goodness
so in short these are from these are
from some of the guest stores we've had
that is just like miscellaneous stuff
this is literally just racks of stuff
that we won't ever use there's like that
doggy uncle Lucas are all up here
I worry Farkle these are for outfits
that so the racks are for outfits that
we might use to like it says like day
one day two day three so like these our
office we might use in an upcoming
episode yeah and different outfit
options isn't it cute yes we are spoiled
rotten
Rowan and I have our own racks for Riley
mask this is all Riley's this is all
Maya's and because they are very
fashionable girls they need a lot of
clothes and a lot of different changes
forever because sewed on TV you do not
wear the same outfit twice but you do
wear the same shoes like Emma logic like
every week because that's realistic
right the shoe that I wear every week
all right here these are the boots that
Maya wears every single week they're her
Paul long Woods they're just a signature
Maya piece and um we first had a pair
that were a vintage Dolce and Gabbana
pair but they got way too small for my
feet so we had to find a knockoff that
looks just like them but they're still
super nice and more comfortable so these
are the booths the writers every week
Riley kind of is into the whole combat
boot thing so but like kind of a weird
kind of one so I know that I thought you
guys running through the clothes I know
yep
so yeah so yeah we got a lot of fun
stuff in here we like to look in here a
lot
um just lots of great stuff for girls
clothes are awesome just rocks and rocks
I've just tank tops guys yeah these are
just doing tops and then we have shirts
pants skirts everything you can imagine
what are your favorite outfit ooh
favorite outfit well last night in an
episode I wore a dress that not but it
kind of looks like this just short
sleeve so it kind of I got it was super
cute I love this you haven't worn a lot
of this stuff so so most of the stuff
that we we're already like oh it was
enough that we where they put up in a
different rack so we don't wear it again
use it again unless it's like a jacket
or something we can just throw over
anything the outfit I am wearing this
week and I'm very excited that's super
cute yeah so good and then types of many
socks house
cute cute the cute follow so this is
wardrobe hey you can't it also just all
geese suspenders oh yes kind of thought
of augie suspenders this is the bakery
sin reset this used to be sports keys
before it turned into topanga's and it's
where we eat our Russian bakery treats
and this is a fake little little exit
the outside exterior of topanga's and
then this is our swing set which means
we can build whatever set we want to
cure each week for the show so it's not
permanent
so it's not like we can just knock it
down right when we're done with it and
then I think the last on right here
yeah Levi can be up asleep here you guys
be ready my ready whoo - this is Riley
this is my my always is there Riley oh
good always good hello now you have to
talk about life in all of its problems
so what's up problem solved problem
solved power of the Valen - that solve
the problem
okay Nigel set secret we have some
photos from when we first met we first
met
yes that was from like when we first did
the pilot we literally look like infants
how long ago two years ago maybe huh
this is algae and Ben and another set
secret is this is supposed to be rise
closet but behind it oh nothing nothing
sorry it's all this experience that I
just crushed here we have some more
throwback pictures that they like to put
in to make it look all realistic and one
question yeah our lipstick actually
they're real but I wouldn't touch them
because they've literally been here for
like two and a half years thank you guys
so much
we're gonna go rehearse a new episode
and it was nice really good to meet you
thanks for coming
we hope you liked the sentences la see
good bye nice to meet you how do you
feel about that
thanks for watching
breath daily
