and dad over to the home take your own
advice okay okay
brewing downstairs and I had to get my
mail cycle yeah she was so close to
practice the other day we're gonna put
some of this new equipment to work she's
gonna get a little workout before
gymnastics but the rule is Haley like I
used to tell Annie when she had
equipment home because you have practice
tonight you're an allowed to get too
tired before practice is just to get a
few extra turns right how do you feel
about your meet coming up in the Bahamas
yeah all right first things first you
got a stretch out he'll do a couple
splits it a couple back bends stretch
your shoulders stretch your mouth oh
wait that's already stretched out all
right Haley has I think every skill
except um bars right you don't have your
mill circle quite yet so close and she's
still working on her dismount and then
still working but you've got everything
else you got your dismount oh my bad do
a bridge first okay yeah hard to get
anything done around here with these two
ah they're attacking me ow
good leave the little one alone she's
gonna try to jump up here hello
split Oh with Piper
that is a very annoying but your good
leg let me see your bad leg you have
your bad leg split yeah you have your
middle what are you trying to go to the
mat or walk your hands down
what all right before we start do you
want to show me some cool tricks like a
pullover and a back hip circle or
anything yeah let's do like you pull
over back hip circle I'll get the big
goon
all right and then we'll get going
pull over what are you doing hi Kip
well I glide Kip's not with your arms
bent straight arms that's better that
good friend it's pretty good guide
Winnie I guess you are not a gymnast is
not your turn sit down by me all right I
got her trapped all right your turn pull
over back hip circle good oh so hard to
do with wet curly hair Oh we'll pull it
back in a second my back hip circle
ah come on you can do it Humira yeah I
get lower the bar after what get cast
off if you're not gonna go back to
circle that high yeah yeah you can do a
back hip circle their circle not right
all right we went down one notch let me
get Winnie yep bunny back in her
position
yeah yeah you two back hip circles at
gym all the time and they're really good
all right
drum in a spot you on the first one hey
I don't know that anybody's ever seen
you do a back cap circle okay let me
pull it a pony real quick all right cut
good yeah we think we're ready now and
action you have to just make sure you do
a good enough cast and don't stop
yourself very good that wasn't so bad
I'm so proud of you how's your first win
at home we've had this stuff here for a
while alright so now I'm going to judge
you on a pullover back hip circle and
you're gonna try to keep your toes
pointed yeah yeah you gotta keep your
toes pointed your feet um together your
legs straight with a salute and
everything in your pull over - okay
ready Haley
and just cast off and salute yeah okay
I'm gonna tell you a few things that I
thought okay in your pullover you I
believe it was your right leg bent just
a little bit okay so that other than
that your pullover is pretty good and
then once you get in your front support
after your pullover try not to wiggle
your feet all around they were together
but you just need to hold them straight
and then you just take a cast and go
back hip circles pretty good that's
really pretty much always off should I
do it again yeah one more and then we'll
work on Mill circles okay Hayley
much better love the corrections alright
we've moved on to beam she just did too
good mill circles with a spot thing that
I have some Becky bad because yeah cuz
you can't really swing your legs up okay
oh we're doing it you're not even gonna
warm up oh she's just gonna do pressure
routine okay at the big girls Haley with
Winnie cheering her on or taking a nap
whatever so that she just swings her
legs up but shouldn't have enough room
right now
haven't seen this Bart
Wow she gets good height Oh
what's the wall okay I got a great idea
so you'll have more room to dismount
boom so smart start on this side but
then that way when you dismount oh yeah
you'll have the other side you'll have
more room or you won't kick the wall
okay do that one more time the only
thing I want to tell you about beam is
make sure I show you real quick yeah
like that make sure that you are
squeezing this little muscle right there
as tight as you can and that you know
what that muscle does it makes your legs
look super super tight okay so like in
your tea you know when your tea your
levers you call them levers or teas and
your levers and your levers you need
tight tight tight knees show me a good
lever with really tight knees squeeze
okay yeah yeah from the plie to the
lever watch how much tighter her knees
are let those judges see much better
they're not as loose okay got a loose
little goosey yup little loosey goosey
when you kicked up you got to be doing
that same thing those judges they want
to see you are squeezing those legs much
better as tight as camp and point that
toe yeah hey what are we doing more mill
circles yeah okay I got I could put me
put the camera up
don't wear there we go
this is going to squeeze tight red
by yourself I can't put fit yeah oh my
gosh oh I did it sitting there learning
so much Danny all I did was pretty much
keep this leg on the bar for you that's
all I did
okay so can you remembers why I should
help him
you got to glue this leg to the bar okay
the closer that leg stays here it is
good
that's I think
and your bow I caught you you have me
now yeah she had one shifted and one not
and that makes a mil circle really hard
to do good job as a good work out I
think we need to call it quits for the
day maybe you'll get it at gym tonight
oh we just got to the gym cuz Annie's
throat was hurting so we came over to
check on her and they're on beam and
what you do Haley he has did it she just
did the hand and we're not supposed to
be watching her I think she'll get mad
maybe she won't get mad since she does
shot me
dad you did it Hayley Hayley Hayley do
you know what I'm so happy about
minute we're getting gas interest mmm
counting hell it was Nick I am so
excited that I'm not banned from the gym
when Annie's on beam now band not
allowed the ghost of Haley oh oh I'm so
so so relieved and proud of her and
excited I'm talking to a ghost okay all
the way sorry I can see you you can yeah
they're back then yeah that was a almost
head Japanese well I don't know why that
was our Australia scarf wasn't it
you're right good can't read you your
buckle you're right there yeah without
the scarf that Andy got when she's in
Australia yeah and then at full neck and
you stole it so you're a ghost that
steals
you you you who me if the camera could
talk that's what it would sound like I'm
just saying we talk for our dogs - what
does Piper sound like look was when he
sound like she's kind of God so we are
super early the Hayley's gym class we
left an e at the gym because she called
me cuz or she texted me cuz her throat
with hurting what was the story Haley
you know the story the story must be
wrong in a dark stormy night well the
noise - it was dark or stormy it was
very nice and was very linked you know
cuz this is move on okay and mommy got a
text from Jim dun dun dun
and then it said answer was hurting and
then we came over here in the mechanic -
no but he was um he gave a thumbs up so
then we came here to get some glass but
we ate first is it then we're here yep
and early for your practice now yep that
done yet story that's the story I'm
sorry
beautiful story oh cool story bro I
might actually that was that real say
excuse me look at leather okay I can't
believe you fell for that one think it's
ready you know why that scared me okay
so you guys ADA my dad he's only room
don't get a birthday worth money did I
do he's my birthday I mean my burn mine
all right anyway cover it
it feels good no that's not a real
sneeze I still don't believe it so um we
are dining room from Haley's practice
well I just had my practice like that
ended like three hours ago and Haley has
practiced not only last two hours but
today they decided to do three hours
because they needed time to go to the
Bahamas because it not say it was first
me buh buh and wow that we were there
my mommy great it's about my paper so I
did school and I thought we were gonna
leave and then they started doing
another hour of practice so I was doing
the Rubik's Cube and I got the second
layer so I got this all done
and then I had like three-quarters of
that
so I just need the third letter donor
why am i heading it's so stinkin late
it's like like 841 and we're supposed to
do like home by now and my head doesn't
hurt but my throat hurts and I have a
call so and I do baby sneezes because I
can't get out of real sneeze
I've had on fake visas not baby people
they're babies they're like but there's
not just like it's like it's either none
of them or like five of them in a row
it's one of those things that why does
need yet once you learn it then once you
put it in your memory as you don't
forget it
like riding a bicycle like I got the
first one she did it I got I got it
anyone else
she touched it awesome
she's so proud of you when he's so proud
of you I'm gonna do it again without him
saying anything unless I'm doing I don't
know usually stuff yeah well good luck
to you want to do all the whole thing or
do you want me to just go the whole
thing mix it up I just need to take a
little bit of break your mind like fried
and I didn't school tomorrow like a
bunch of school tomorrow so and I'm
gonna be set up I'm not just gonna do
the room you're gonna get all comfy and
because I'm gonna be doing it until 3:30
hittin the books tomorrow
hello I found it it's yellow it's yellow
just keep on doing she's not paying
attention to you is she I'm not paying
attention to you I'm sorry
yeah why yeah I know here's why snow
hail responds to ya dirty so Oh mommy
what my ear hey guys topic of the day I
went up to Hayley's gym after I figured
out that excuse me I'm gonna do it again
and then we're gonna go to bed
so immediately just cleaned a room
before I did the Rubik's Cube she just
finished and kind of Coach Brey the
question of the day is uh that's the
best thing about being a kid Oh
what is the best thing but I know I know
what not paying taxes oh I got to say
that um I know not paying taxes no not
having a job I actually like having jobs
good
no don't don't done well good if you
have a job you would have to do it every
day so yeah I know
oh you right well you have to remember
don't forget to come down below cuz we
really want to know right
just me woman oh wait hold up we
actually need here so so don't forget to
comment down below cuz we want to know
don't say is a question
hmm there you go don't forget to comment
down below cuz we want to know the
question of the day is what's up know
what's the best thing about being a kid
by bath it's mild tea tomorrow bye but
yeah see see see tomorrow tomorrow bye
z5t tomorrow bye bye bye bye toodles see
bye bye bye bye bye bye bye doodle sign
baby babble see you tomorrow bye bye see
you tomorrow you you see you by tomorrow
see ah TV to hit incapacity tomorrow
baked potato baked potato baby thanks
for watching
Britt Ailey
