you never know I will actually be here
Oh tomorrow a job at the gym I would
never do anything did you
we're taking Paige to lunch for her last
day here she's got her last-minute
goodbye you guys ready I was gonna make
sure daddy's on his way cuz he's gonna
Proctor while we go to lunch he's in
charge of the homeschoolers while we
party hey girls lunch
- my daddy's tractor me are you out
you're going oh oh yeah your mom just
told me a purple one nice choice
I want braces in hot braces you want I'm
like I want her 16 she wants braces
I want perfect even shade I want repeat
block when you get a purple retainer
Caleb had camo here's my kid Nolan
inside know the Lions normal-looking but
the is the root are Emily that would be
cool what my mouth is glow why would
someone went around the globe that would
be a little weird guys let's do a dark
and I'm afraid is ours here get my
flashlight retainer it's a flash Gator
boo did you tell Annie that I was here I
love you move jeez I'm bad luck next
time you guys see me I ain't very good
just taking a canyon but I have a girls
lunch
I know when did they blend zone J when
it's me when I was standing there nice
socks move men talk do you like my love
it such a gymnast to watch me put my
foot by my ear all right now they know
when they see me - sure really strong
like a views page I units come in about
a week a week you won't be here yeah
we'll be in the Bahamas gotta get money
we brought Paige into our candy store
what is it Cola has a poor kid
thank you for the plane ride home
rock rock candy she's like waiting for
the plane that's all you found
that's it Annie they're like little
fizzy things that you should and oh are
they're busy you can grab here up there
come oh sorry
what what is it fun dip well that's on
the wall but you read it here
I'm sure it's down here somewhere though
Christmas shopping while we're here -
Shh don't tell her live if you're
watching this video you will pretend
that you didn't see anything and this is
for Katie Katie same thing if you're
watching this you just pretend there's a
random video I don't think she'll be
watching you there
okay
here's the cat hey jingle all the way
yay I can hold job back at the gym with
Miss headache girl but what I'm going to
go get paid to the airport while Annie
goes back to afternoon practice
we came to say goodbye the billy-bob
probably look at all the school you guys
are getting dead tracking them where's
my camera made yeah
maybe these three items made from other
countries this is native it doesn't say
you have to look it up it's probably I
don't know pages leaving
hey no no man II can't stand people to
steal her daddy good nice setup you got
going on thank you huh everybody went
different places we went to the mall
yeah somebody else went to wall of
garden and we went to the food court
like China we don't like each other so
we go to different restaurants yeah so
just be sure I told her said you've got
to be quiet Widow in there it's on okay
um so okay so I filming oh my mom is
getting my pencil sharpening you have I
am so during school I didn't see my
nails are painting but they're falling
off but okay food bath with this because
I didn't finish up my school and that's
a problem uh-huh yeah okay so here's my
mommy they're blurry mommy marry a
pencil are you going
what you doing what is that dead chick
what's woodchuck would chuck it get
those TVs of yours look at them I've
been doing a good job brushing them mmm
the only teeth you're ever gonna have
all right what's it doing I'm doing the
rest my scoop mmm if ba is fun it's fun
fun huh what you working on um then I
guess this is called homework I guess is
it all your work at home yeah but this
is and this ashley is how much this
athlete it said homework on a pencil
ah true enough and it is homeless how do
you like being homeschooled whoa I love
it yeah do you do you ever think about
how it would be to be in school what it
would be like no I don't remember the
time Sam you don't remember your pre-k
only one time that it got cold and
because I didn't know I didn't know
where the class was my first day oh you
don't remember it and don't run any of
your days do you remember any of your
friends
from school and we remember one you just
remember your job gymnastics friends now
no and your YouTube friends like Jillian
oh yeah you had a friend that was at
gymnastics and that's Keith at school
hey um so so far you haven't done any
homework that's true she had to write a
long story about a kite it's not over
you used all the word wow do you have to
use all the words or no ok then you
probably hit road enough I mean I'm the
grater so if you give me a big hug and a
kiss then maybe I'll give you an A plus
plus plus plus okay you really can't
bribe me with hugs and kisses but at
least I got a free hug in default oh
look what time it is I can't get them
all Hayley huh
and look and balancing your glasses on
my hands okay I got him this is okay
don't panic
Hayley and I are going to have some girl
time while daddy cooks dinner
all right so Hayley wants to paint my
nails and she wants me to paint hers
right yeah okay let me go get the paper
towels so what color are you gonna do on
me no it's your descend on I get to pick
yes and then you get to pick what goes
on you or I get to pick what goes on you
ah okay right yeah
oh I don't know what to do here listen
on yeah good for myself okay so I need
this one okay and oh that's a shiny top
coat oh you need this one this is the
tree I wish I had some like red for
Christmassy okay Jessica um I'm gonna do
sign this
oh so can you do like I'm gonna put my
order in can you do like every other one
light so - Purple's on this or - I do
all of them in like a gold thumb or a
gold pointer or should I do every other
one what do you think you're gonna do it
you got this under control okay wait
let's put the paper towel down all right
well show you will show you later cuz
I'm not gonna be able to hold yeah this
is not gonna get gonna be wonderful
wait maybe I can film a little bit are
you sure Oh No okay here we go a new you
and start with your up to you I just
want both colors are you nervous nervous
are you yeah you ever done this yes I
didn't know me before you have if you
ever painted somebody else's nails
nope just me I'm that first me I'm the
guinea pig like when someone does
something first you call him again II
ping oh you know why now why cuz like
people test things on guinea pigs before
they test them on humans
Wyatt gets among guinea pigs daddy
because make it explain it yeah
sometimes
someone's going to tell something help
would you rather kill a person or
anything person but say if they get any
bags I know it's not very humane but
humans yeah it's kind of sad hey where
does okay I didn't mean to I just had to
explain the saying right I mean just the
same yes just well let me know I mean
what hmm things turns into things but
there's always reasons like how many
times we heard an old term that we still
use today on the colonies can we name
one I'm blanking right now yeah remember
we learned oh yeah wait we learned so
much wait so you put the cat in the bag
and the cat gets angry okay I don't know
if that even made it to a video you're
welcome so via hey they look really good
so far look it's time to do your other
hand it's like shiny aluminum okay mommy
done I was gonna get the focus mommy
so good okay so we just got finished
with my nails here they are
mommy's finishing up hers
you can get these yeah I'm just put on a
second coat yeah I can do it Haley did
actually get a really good job and it's
decided to put a second mine is dark
blue and shimmery like gold and hers is
purple and gold
oh I'm refilling my lip pack beautiful a
little early tang the smell of food
being cooked behind you and the smell of
nail polish middleboxes you're lovely
yeah just
village look up we just got down to one
minute that's a champion assured
champion for being a little film for a
full minute I'm champ Annie from for
like magnet anybody still watching
you're a champion
you're watching thanks for hanging in
there guys on the just the days where we
paint our nails for one minute oh and
for daddy to cook behind you when you go
interview daddy oh but my needles are
still that's true don't interview daddy
I got it I got your champion I am a
champ rubbish mmm this is cooking with
Daddy if only someone else would be
cooking with me I decided to do my nails
with dead what's for dinner
fish kind of it the good Ken fish watch
me seared cod and garlic Wow that's
lovely
mm-hmm with ginger rice mmm that is a
ginger ale
panini the rail how they look I'm gonna
interview you how do you love doing
yells oh my god my blurry no okay back
it up back it up now what do you think I
love it shimmer yeah you did a really
good job I just put on a second coat
yeah say and you pretty much did the
rest she did good huh a bit blurry nope
okay okay
we'll see you guys later bye any time
from the gym hi girls
hola carving in myself
forgot your gym bag you're coughing
wonderful oh yeah I got needy here cuz
mum was here any good
oh yeah we're getting our house
decorated tomorrow okay
it's been a long bag you like you should
crash that was gonna be I thought those
today wait it's still Monday what are
you making dad dead fish busy stuff me
and Haley did my nails feel better
fizzy stuff now flow chat motrin may
make it a mommy oh no I don't have them
then I did this with my nail polish and
so the only part of the nail blow shoes
that was yours was the cross the rest of
it was Paige that she bought last time
she was here okay okay thanks for asking
movie night we're watching happy feet
Haley just pop the popcorn and he's
brushing winning you've got to see this
she's shedding really bad so we brought
we bought a brush and I already brushed
her for about ten minutes already and
got most of it off no no Andy's getting
some you know spa-like treatment of the
dog that's hilarious
yeah yeah winning you're a mess and she
sees the popcorn too so thank I solved
the second later she's learning the
Rubik's Cube I went in in Winnie when he
no to the popcorn this is the second
layer well they got to know the first
layer first or this is gonna really make
any sense
there yep just a relaxing evening at
home with two dogs and two little girls
and when a and when little mommy I am
eating a humungous candy cane that's
butterscotch and its really good if you
eat that you're not going to be able to
eat anything off anyways that's
Christian then what do you think us
today today huh
do you like strawberry chocolate or um
regular milk
wait oh I was like sweet strawberry
chocolate strawberry or chocolate or
regular milk so three things I was like
chocolate chocolate strawberry and II
love strawberry and if you eval I'll do
all your candy no you could have gotten
that so don't forget to comment down
below because we want to know the cream
the day is would you rather strawberry
chocolate or regular milk
ah tomorrow
they baked potato baby thanks
for watching Britt Ailey
