for me is it your birthday birthday girl
is it finally your birthday so you can
actually finally say that now if you've
been trying to say it for you know a day
issue wolf day do you see me when I used
to win football that wasn't you daddy
who was it it was your dad that looks
like you just eyes like I'm when
someone's birthday this morning and all
day today fine light first I did
whatever you want is she oh she's got
something go choose her when she was one
for her I said oh geez
I like that Annie's feet are almost the
size of mine
they're furry Oh aren't I pretty good
you will be excited about this Haley
knows everything you're gonna really
like really I think she's gonna really
like all of them know what Annie's gonna
be doing all day yeah look at you like
you're sweet all right next feel bad
with three knees open I know right
yes why don't get the point of wrapping
things sometimes just to rip open later
no life it has the summer look at oh yes
you like you
I kill you for this it's a horse
calendar every day there's gonna could
rip off the page another awesome 365
days of horses you want to do yours oh
oh I think oh I can't afford it you
could open it it's just but you don't
start tearing them off till January
first actually January 2nd
yes January 1st comes off yeah you want
it all right from mum and off and off oh
that's cute Oh
halfway um run daughter but hey love the
sparkle and sweetness you bring to the
world you say no how do you date a good
birthday girl
in seen to go to Hollywood huh
Hollywood's waiting yeah I didn't get a
chance to write it what this was really
pretty this was like this one the
11-year old mm-hmm every year mom gets
her granddaughter's growing up girls
this year Anna gets her 11th actual 8th
or 12th right cuz it was a baby one
there was a baby when a newborn this is
the 12 would she pretty
my devices sleep standing up dot dot dot
wait really well I'm going to go find
out oh my goodness bed mama this is my
new book the number you okay oh cool
this is how I know right I love horses
that's true that's very true look out to
sleep of it of it hold it
oh just me mm-hmm no to the next one's
his cut
no no I think this one tells about the
different breeds make the whole breeds
of horses these tiny voices were I'm
going to be like a horse expert okay
early as 3000 BC anymore Ian and will
love this one because it's about horses
and it's 3d 3d like you get three boxes
in right here oh that's really cool we'd
h be testing it out
yes well we didn't want to buy something
that didn't work how do I look
very Ruby very 3d ish futuristic that's
so cool
Haley picked you out a few things
she knew is on your list football you
want to fuck off good job Haley
well quite the mess we have here oh it's
like Christmas morning let's go put her
somewhere safe um all right so how do
you feel he good you excited for your
birthday party tonight huh hi
Danny has no idea you're here Annie has
no idea you're here good I'm here
Elysium we're gonna see how surprised
name is so Phil we're gonna film walking
in the door so yeah we can get her face
when she's like where she was she's like
that's not surprise like for gonna be so
fun I'm excited
put a she house where she takes it back
return this we gotta wait three days I
think he'll be happy and Haley Haley
won't be there
wait you are there's a gymnastics uh-huh
so we can go pick you up from the
gentleman and that'll be fun so I'm here
and we're about to surprise her okay
good surprise let me give you a real
that was an errand to the airport long
time hey thanks for coming oh the house
looks on me
you so much better everybody likes to
join them I hear everybody likes the
tree you did we did some cooking last
night already how old
there's no huh
you know you don't get any help attack
attack today
you place the mama lovin daddy and I'm
here in LA
Walt Disney live in Maddy's mom and
Annie are you gonna do a toast to Annie
- your birthday
she's piercing too won't be birthday
panitch yours
oh yeah Katie's never been to the
melting pot
lardons never been either and are gonna
have the help Arden and Katie and Paige
Paige has been a while I don't know okay
and Sydney right so basically Hailey and
Annie and liver and charge have a lot of
our central Haley the chef towards
Washington is facetiming well at the
melting pot over compensated yeah
they're like mine I have some very close
they may be the same love
yeah
Hey
you
I wish granny what do you wish for an
e/m for her 11th year I wish the Annie
is happy that's happiness and joy oh yes
Katie wishes for 11 press and says Arden
do you wish anything what I wish for
pure happiness and and
I bet like a bitch yes okay added
together 11 do you have any wishes for
yourself this year oh you can't tell
your wishes you're right it's a
delicious that is a rice krispies a
blondie like a so you know what a
brownie is right so a chocolate brownie
that would be a blondie so it's not
chocolate yeah maybe that just one I'm
hanging back here with my friend
my phone was slow one we just finished
dinner we're gonna go home and have a
sleepover like over she's okay it's not
broken right
no not even fractured not broken
fractured just got to take it easy for a
little while more muscle than pound yeah
so how's the next meet gonna go I'm
gonna give you a little interview like
movie ok don't trip actually not sure
what's out happened about like but you
get to like be on it on Wednesday see
okay she said I actually am actually not
sure he said no way on my foot until
Wednesday okay
did one day at a time yep you know what
you're doing yes I sad eyes and Advil
our wedding hello tango the hearts at
dango there's one here because I wanted
to see it okay so it's a slumber party
so what are you girls gonna do slumber
slumber
okay go sleep no party oh we've got
snacks and popcorn and we made
peppermint bar all you need for a song
I'm telling you yes
gets a blankie out of your face it's my
birthday it's my birthday I can however
look in my face okay actually jingle
yeah want to reach up and say I'll hold
that there's a snowball fight ensuing
many ice bucket and job yet alright go
really we're slim and our mouths like
where's Liv ready aim fire what happen
live my mom fell on top of me yes you
are please do not put any pressure on
that cute little foot of yours see
oh hey girl Annie they're all hiding
from me
there's somebody who wants to say hi
come see hey Jackie I don't want my
computer can you wait till Mary Kate's
actually here celebrating your birthday
in person I've been texting you should
try yeah I said I can't say it on camera
cuz it's gonna be embarrassing I'm here
but don't worry don't worry Mary Kay
jeez I just do it don't pretend you have
a crush on oh it's Jase Jase Johnny
chase
Mary Kate likes you and she said he
liked me back and all that jazz Oh chase
you better like my niece I'm coming
after you we're thankful that you're
here and that you're here and you're
here and you're here and if you guys are
here and we're thankful that you're here
and we're thankful that Katie's here
she'd be Judah a nanny of course and
we're thankful that Arden's here and
we're thankful that lives here
especially Washington and Ryan and of
course Lou and we're thankful that the
special appearance by Brennan and daddy
like ever everybody I think I did
finally eleven Katie she's finally 11
he's finally my age
yeah me too is it yes she joined her age
heart and will be 11 shortly shortly in
February
good night then we'll see you tomorrow
right Annie say goodbye and thank you
for all the birthday right baked potato
baby
thanks for watching
bruh tailee
