time for my tiny rebels
mommy what yeah but we're in a
handicapped spot but it's okay cuz we've
got mom hey already right there
Haley's clearly already getting out of
the car without us or she is we have to
get stuff for birthday party wait did
you look both ways
good we're here to get some wrapping
paper for birthday presents for banana
it's birthday prep mode bananas for
anniebanany
oh my gosh Hayley let's show everybody
how we're kind of matching show
everybody how we're kind of matching
yeah we can't sing it over okay kind of
matching kind of matching yeah laughter
yeah we remember and Andy realize that
target signs
target I remember that what was your
sister thinking Yeah right it do
you knew that I suppose yes yes is it
backwards again I don't have it on
backwards
shopping with Haley there is never a
dull moment
she's like a bull in a china cabinet
mum's doing some last-minute Annie
birthday shopping okay oh that is
totally you
oh that looks cute yeah be careful
you're going to run into that again I'm
gonna say again she already ran into it
one right now okay
like I said bull in a china cabinet bull
and target
and action on the dramatic scene ready
no no I meant like buddy we went to this
local Amish market and we've never been
in here yet and the Hayley is having a
jolly good time
what's good free eggs those are not a
yes Hayley's having gummy fried oh they
are eggs they're supposed to be a gummy
fried eggs
like I said Hayley's having a jolly good
time we have found some yummy breads for
the girls and he's having a sleepover
and this is going to be some breakfast
bread
yeah so she's gonna have a few of her
friends believe it
they've got a great selection of candy
in here
yeah I don't like licorice hailey want a
sample what a carrot carrot chip no
green bean dip yeah we have to sample it
Walker moly no you're not gonna go more
room pacifier it's a real tank it's a
sour pacifier with all the things in
here these are good
did you just one I did it is a sample
all right I'm gonna try one it would
walk them only bites it's like a chewy
but now that I'm trying it
hmm like a cab
I like this one better than I like the
veggie chips a veggie chip probably a
lot better for you than that
sour well like that oh that's our yeah
which one the cuacamole
I sweet yes which way speaker named the
veggie jokes near okay our sweet
maybe you got a sweet one no that is
kind of sweet I know right is a yellow I
mean not crazy about the carrot one you
tried the Garrett yeah I like no no I
hate when I hate carrots no oh that is
like goin crazy
your mommy anyone it kind of tastes like
the guacamole I don't like the carrot
one no oh one crazy but I need a trash
Gator got a trash can no offense
everything else was good Oh Nick Katie
would love these No
Katie didn't like bacon she loves eggs
oh yeah that could be delicious as you
get a little bit of a sweetness partly
to - bacon I'm vegan Sarah do you took
bacon and syrup
what do you different syrup
cheese
we did good we got some yummy drinks we
want to try and some bread Oh cinnamon
rolls we are going to be thoughtful yeah
and then of course Haley got some wax
bottle whatever it is right what is it
hundred think then we got one for Andy
to we're just talk about how Danny won't
technically be 11 he'll stick something
tomorrow the present no presents until
then but then you made me sad on my
birthday not your birthday yet you're
mark they√≠ve made me doubt my birthday
hmm over Harry oh my god I am barrel
roll aluminum no barrister we are not to
make some peppermint bark woof all of it
and we are going to make some peppermint
like Rice Krispies yeah so the
ingredients we have our rice krispies
days cereal cereal
well you some of the gradients we
already have and then you have white
chocolate
don't know chocolate marshmallows
peppermint at extract pepper many we're
gonna eat them all oh nothing
pardon wait oh nothing mommy Annie you
trying to go you see you both pound it
in the water no I know I'm like barely
missing her I got it I think this is
gonna be our favorite pastime for Mom
I love how mom's washing this makes me
look like a horrible person my mom's
washing my dishes but just for the
record I loaded the dishwasher don't you
throw that Oh put the dog down poor
Piper all right cut
everybody find fifteen snowballs so we
don't lose them on the base to the wall
right there
ronnie has an Athena she doesn't fit
that these are really fun yeah buddy
oh sorry I was trying to film it Oh
Hailey's almost got it Oh daddy almost
got here hailey oh boy I'm gonna go back
so closely mushing mom with that 42.0 my
arms getting tired
just work hey guys oh hello you want to
go see what's going on - yeah good love
the job just a few whacks Oh how to
relieve stress yes please Winnie get
down
oh right mmm peppermint Rice Krispies
are well on their way
all right Britain's just hanging around
Wow guess I'm fun yeah smells like
marshmallow and peppermint in this house
all right now butter your hands take
that butter yeah you're the first yes
cuz I don't know how to do that
or it will stick to you oh my goodness
here we're saying so we're gonna pick it
up yeah like this no because it's better
than just butter your hand you're going
to have that out string my ribs oh okay
now all right let Hayley butter hey
Danny now take and press that down with
your buttered hands and it's warm let
Hayley come in them but I mean do it to
my letter Eureka oh that's weird that it
doesn't stick to your buttery hands but
so much fun are just okay there that's
good that was like that's probably guy
figured you would here you want it you
wanna bite oh ah da MS too bad it's a
guy with a peppermint the birthday prep
still continues we've got Haley in here
like won't you show everybody what
you're getting an e for I know I found
the Shelly oh I know
let's just gonna be so excited about
this this is her mommy and daddy this
stuff's for mommy and daddy that says
from you that cute make sure gonna love
it right wrap what wrap what you picked
her out okay animate has a list
Christmas and a birthday list and some
of the things on there we were like she
wanted a football and a soccer ball and
a bass
Paul yeah I think she misses Caleb a
little bit and wants to play the games
that he used to love to play so Haley
came through then went to the store and
picked out a whole bunch of her favorite
candy fuzzy socks and all the sports
that she wanted to play all right so I
picked this bag up for you and I believe
that it will all fit in well we're gonna
let her open one right we're gonna let
her open which one I want that one from
Haley and this one from mom and daddy
you're excited yes my we're gonna let
you open two presents tonight break em I
ran one from me and daddy and one one
from Haley you're nervous
watching Ernie I don't know how is what
did you do
who's it us from that's for mommy and
daddy
and Winnie I think it could be make sure
they fit you yeah yeah nice very nice
mom is gonna try to steal them yeah she
actually tried them on the store this
pair ah it
she saw that in the store and knew that
she had to get him for a birthday one
three cuddle Oh Piper that is sweet his
birthday present ever
I should have thought of that all right
are you guys ready it's going to be cold
oh we're gonna do the questions day in
hot tub Oh oh my gosh it's freezing it's
cold
oh that feels good oh so good oh yeah
let me put this around my wrist so I
don't drop it in alright so I got the
question today oh yeah if you could ask
anyone in the world a question here to
do that one Oh
yesterday I haven't edited that one yet
okay let's make one up then oh no that
would be like it maybe yes or no okay so
great question of the teens amazing if
you could live in a place that gets
would you rather live in a place that
gets really cold or a place that gets
really hot
oh you're a nice little girl me too
really hot
what would you say would you live in a
hot house or hoedown fine
okay so Annie will see you tomorrow on
your 11th birthday can you believe it Oh
blender eleventh birthday girls grow
with up you almost push me over it's
like focusing on the steam right now I
gave in the mist yeah
by baked potato babe thanks for watching
Britt Ailey
