time for what Amy this is party yes Oh
ready boom that was stuffy nose should
we all have braids only break mine and I
braided mommy's I can't really tell from
here and then the mommy is in the me
meaning in that in the working in the
workings of pain they're not I'm done
done now you just got to witness history
and blurry history through this string
on the left left
so no nonetheless hate would you say
something and you it sounds wrong but
you're pretty sure it's right but it
found your mom nonetheless that's right
but it just looks alright type so I went
pretending today that I was in the
canyon is that what it's called yeah
that and the bathtub was the Grand
Canyon and I had to step up alright is I
feel accredited you it helped me all the
way guys Christmas party please stay
mommy's hands curled so pretty my hands
straight my hair is totally curled so
pretty
totally curled like totally it's
something on one eye everybody's hair
just curled in my interest rate through
my eyes to look like I'm sick what any
Oh mommy's fixing my shoes okay I'm
gonna show outfit hey I'm ready
so first anything a Bri are you and the
rest of her hair straightened with an
accessory of a scarf and this little
band with these those are not part of it
out but then I have this accessory coat
cardigan sweater sweater then I have
this beautiful diamond doctrine and I
have some black almost looks like maybe
blue making they're not idea below
they're like grey or black navy blue
wouldn't match and then the boots that I
was trying to fix
weren't they super cute all right Haley
accessories have brown eyes and to
eclipse and here's your nostril look
through now okay yeah I move my phone
alright Haley's worn this both of the
girls have born these outfits but
Annie's was covered up when we did the
unbox Star Wars unboxings it was so cold
and then Haley war hurts for a split
second one went to the movies but still
super cute
it wasn't very long wait I'm outside so
she had a braid her hair just like a
beautiful sister who are you he has
beautiful collector was my mommy curled
her I didn't curl her head and asteroids
and natural affair she has his vest she
has a dress she has those brown leggings
in those brown boots just plain my
powerful alright we are now late so
let's go
Wow and she said his shirt tending to
like big since and I'm wearing a black
shirt jeans and boots mom and the same
braid to the girl table and of course I
didn't like to be someone else he has a
bright America just like you your
beautiful sister here we go and a flick
texting me okay we're at giant I know we
were running late because we had to go
get them stuff so and then we left the
cookies oh we had to go back it's all
good right we're here now all right good
here's the best part
what I am one of those acceptance for
Daleks alright for human let's show
everybody our festive outfits sure yeah
oh we can see yours
Pete oh stop Haley come down to this a
little bit oh you munching it's
Elena
hmm it's like us don't know okay this
doesn't work in this car my tree is du
du Lac tray yeah he's in like now that
we're out of the car we can show you how
fantastic our pant what are they called
more accessories or Christmas or festive
hot Pat's
uh-huh ordinary ornaments I'm a
Christmas tree it's guy see it and you
see it what happened
where did you find them Claire's let's
snoop what's in here I can't wait to see
me look what I spied Oh like I know who
got Annie - does it ha
what are the review Tom I realize it's
like a Christian in this is that has
just a Christmas tree that's a Christmas
tree this is totally normal
you
oh my gosh niacin look at the grain look
at the size recommended Gavilan hi guys
the thing was here oh okay here it's a
battery all right great and I say we
Morita you can make that next century
Jinja make icing I'll bring the
Merry Christmas and a Happy New Year for
you and your kin
have you a Merry Christmas Merry
Christmas
hey you want to show me one right here
trust well
and there's a map perfectly good mat
right here and yet you stand on the
carpet so everyone to see Mia hey Mia hi
cannon hey world off water apples agua
what happened I call my dog his name is
Ozzie Oswaldo I agree boxers Ozzie for
short you have two boxers yeah sit the
one let's go just like possible you are
oh it's insane okay okay hey you know
who I mean your cookie okay oh my god
how does she even stand like that we're
in Oh Leo I'm sorry no Leo's coach Mary
cookies Christmas cookies where's the
coral how's it taste Hayley am I missing
your hands my hands are so chic no
attention to detail attention to detail
she's looking for the longer wax ring mm
of course
I heard it was done oh my goodness
seriously amazing
even down to the yeah
we had that written on our list how do
you know I'm gonna guess arted oh those
two I was like hey it's right there oh
wait all right Kenzie's cover they're
very hard coming home with you with all
that tougher adorable I dated this one
on your boat someone party too much okay
we need you can't walk all over her we
went to go pick them up from the airport
and Hailey fell asleep and won't wake up
now and when he just wants to be on
camera you the star of the show huh
yeah
super exciting stuff going on around
here okay hi mom
hi look how excited she is very excited
very excited to be here this is what old
people do and I'm including you in that
when the kids go to sleep
we've all got our phones and we're
sitting around and the dog sit on the
couch with the little girl who sleeps
and Annie's up Jim yeah
we are really exciting people this isn't
boring at all picture that oh steel
Piper didn't want to be shown sharing
you but here right now looking for the
developer he got it Winnie well not much
has changed flat in the last hour
Haley we're doing a little my gosh TV
and truth must be raw dish yeah Haley's
not gonna sleep tonight because she's
still asleep and we're going through the
many many many auditions here so we can
pick some people's lots and lots of
auditions Oh try that again
hello the way her hot tends to think
about what I was saying and get four
hello
oh hey how many rotations you can make
actions I can do it it's if I it's tip
okay so we had the crutches Olympics now
it's the spinning on the chair Olympics
I don't know if I can participate in
this Olympics I just ate that may not be
good one - my turn
101 - no - your max is - my turn Ilan's
you didn't lose like I've even tried yet
just make me sick I'm afraid it's gonna
make me sick
Daniela toward the shop to let you to
beat you uh-huh evil is everybody dial
nine one and then ready do I get a
warm-up you know you've got warm up yeah
one warm up oh Jesus is scary I'm gonna
like crack my head open
go I don't know what - I wanted to go
just go I'm ready
you go Kip one two and a quarter weight
that counts
where's account she just likes to win I
just won
mum's the judge I got around further
than she did I'm dizzy - then ah then
then then mom on the crutches I went for
and you just went for so I actually work
for there I knew so no I win don't be a
sore loser
one two but you know that the clue is
it's probably I'm probably winning cuz I
weigh more
they're hazed way more than your kids oh
yeah you're caught up to me now I only
weigh a phone more than you you make
computer like no I wish you know I hear
challenge I will be tuned for any see
what happened was Annie left her pants
and that's what happens to little girls
who leave their pants out you gotta wear
it like you need to go to sleep you're
overly tired look at the necklace mom
brought for like I'm showing no line Oh
horse choker well good morning sunshine
I'm tired no I bet you're gonna be up
all night so tired why is Annie howling
gonna be a long night in this house
anybody got a question of the day Haley
just woke up she's ready for the next
day and what's your favorite animal
noise she brought it back to two
thousand and thirteen or fourteen
when did that come out that two thousand
thirteen or fourteen okay so what is
your favorite animal noise ah all right
you got one oh my goodness mommy's gonna
be a long alright guys mum's dancing and
cops show up
China sure - if you're gonna be a
homebody
alright never go to bed I'm gonna go to
bed soon we'll see you tomorrow guys
adios hey
a baked potato baked potato baby thanks
for watching
Britt Ailey
