time for my daily lazy lazy day how's
your lazy day going 3:30 on this
wonderful last day of Thanksgiving break
and I'm here to drag the kids out of the
house cuz yesterday they didn't go
anywhere
what you doing what the heck is that
Daddy obsessed with this plastic making
so we got a few errands to run nanny's
up brushing her teeth and we're gonna
head out we got to get hooks for the
ornaments that we get couldn't hang last
night someone did hmm
Mon are pretty Christmas tree I think I
hear Annie coming down the stairs really
you're gonna hurt yourself pretending to
be hurt
why are you on crutches okay fine no
remember when you were on crutches and
how quickly you got tired of said
crutches uh-huh you like she like them
for a belt ride eh
we can play with it in the car family
it's so fuzzy and it's so fuzzy fuzzy
yeah you want to feel it fuzzies there
hey let's rifle my into the heart yeah
oh yeah hey good idea that one mine so
the art doesn't start off as beads dust
off like little beads you know to beat
it
oh yeah you got more that starts off
this now this is the first pack I want
to see what the heck oh how hot is this
water it's got to be at least 150
degrees Hunterdon how did you get it
that hot microwave mm-hmm all right
science lesson what temperature
fahrenheit is water boil 153rd something
then it boils what it freezes out what
is it uh take it away
at what temperature in Celsius water oh
man oh so it's sixty seven ninety
degrees Celsius or 212 degrees
Fahrenheit it boils what temperature
does it freeze that there do something
thirty-two boom what Therese in Celsius
ISM 100 zero alright that was our
science lesson for the day I was told
there'd be no matter how do you touch it
with my fingers hey show us your
precious skills Oh
ah thank you which what are you gonna
pretend there because it was the one you
hurt of course that's the one you for
tips
yeah pretend like both armor hold on
let's yell on I I said I was a three by
three second the eight really gonna hurt
have the crutches Olympics let me see
how long I can balance after you go I
get how much I'd one more dry three dry
starting now go one two all right ready
go one two three
okay let's try how if it's one thing
like a dragon no one oh one two three oh
I'll give you four mitred think is it
too short for you well I'll be alright
I really don't know if it's gonna be
hard or easy when I get a warm-up you
get wine women what no this is your
warmup
ready all right right and gell you start
counting on both feet are off the ground
one two three up three on my first ride
why do you sit there so long be a while
to get my this is cheating right now you
started counting late but I didn't make
it move three one more try and oh one
two three four four okay so mean you
have have a real
yeah one two three four five all right
if we tie this time just one dry shoes
no one try and it ends in a tie there's
no this time she wins
I heard her never you're ready one two
three four five oh I don't think I can
beat that but I will try one time try
whenever I'm ready yep it doesn't mean
an hour more this is like a serious
business
oh my gosh and one to champion that we
were like trying to leave this house
like 10 minutes ago and we're still here
see my victory yet oh goody
Wow
I can get a sprinkler can we go now
look in this vacuum like the boxing
today
yeah I'm hey leave it got something like
this really in this grandma purple is
not a Christmas color green I wish I
could alternated between red and green
I think it's unlucky that smarter people
the media it's very festive in here
alright just wanted to show you that
that we're getting yeah oh good getting
into the Christmas spirit purple my
holiday my birthday some holiday is most
certainly holiday okay we've been trying
to gather this house be sober forever
forever very story of our life it takes
an act of Congress to get you guys out
of here yeah you already ate them I got
Margie Melo
that way don't be don't feed me oh yeah
what are you gonna jump to let it touch
and then you're really gonna need the
crutches oh geez
in the car Wow wait baby we have to
witness my camera yes
keep it on we might be here for a while
yeah we go what we've got color 1
million nine hundred ninety nine
thousand nine hundred eleven hello
subscribers yes yes
come on vo keep going keep going keep
going
912 we're gonna be here for a little
while we might happen
keep running our errands right now we're
at FedEx daddy really
come on launch I can't see it it's just
white on the screen it's really not a
burial Oh what what bro I didn't even
realize I mean I knew we were coming up
on it but I didn't realize it was gonna
be today
how did like my hair do you have to film
my Calot she's got her hair parted on
the other way
look hi hi so here's this come on me
okay the hair is that and then
there's that it looks so flat and that's
like so goofy huh 9:15 okay 913 oh nice
high 62 so we're here waiting in the
parking lot of seriously 61 now it's
like oh we finally got past 962 963 and
we're sitting so we're sitting in the
parking lot of college a and these are
waiting for 2 million is crazy it's
crazy it is crazy how many more we need
way we need oh oh
46 no 36 36 come on
34 at 67 so 33 hmm all right we'll check
back we get a little closer yeah no
we'll stay holy heavy but to point you
have to fit we're guessing again all
right so what are we at now
67 nice all right 60 can we put the
phone down for blue --boom
three minutes no okay all right and
we'll all gasp okay it's been three
minutes I think we're at 77 I think
we're at 70 no I think we're at 82
it was a very powerful two minutes in
three minutes four minutes
70-79 hey why'd you say 72 all right 82
come on come on 77 was all right what is
your password
that's your thumb but why don't you have
a password enter what is it 79 oh never
mind a 78 this is something I'm sending
it was 79 I don't remember it by the
game getting close
it's mine I'm gonna work on my picture
skills is it sugar screenshot it I
didn't miss it
what if it could go right though to pass
like if you get four it's not horrible
creature I know it just may not be on an
even number whoa that jump just like it
might scared guys it's not that big of a
deal but does but rewrite it as greens I
just I'm trying yo measure me don't miss
it it's only gonna happen once in your
lifetime 94 now you holding strong at 94
95 96
that's the date my battery's flashing at
me
ready ready the mythic battery's gonna
die if you miss it who's this here you
have another better not on me it's okay
if you should hold off it just started
laughing mmm
daddy you do know about it
ah it went down what it went down to no
Dana is 208 I cannot believe we have to
my own subscribers that is unreal
Wow you feel different well do you feel
famous remember the story of how we
asked a little bit like what like half a
million if you ever if you felt famous
and he goes no and I'm like well is
there ever a time you think you will
feel feel famous he said maybe in a
million and then a million came around
I'm like ok do you feel famous no so not
even at two million you don't feel
famous what about a 10 million well that
well there ever being but you'd feel
famous at 10 years what about 5 million
5 million for move in like fit in there
yeah so 5 millions the cutoff like I'm
glad I'm bailing
I'm putting beer quitting at 5 I now
know and subscribing it before they
don't want you to quit I just kidding
she's trying to decide when she's gonna
ask me if she can have a horse that's
the Wills that we're turning in a ride
no horrible 400 members oh no baby no
really all right guys formally and you
complete your to doing this for me she
wasn't Jones are recorded 4 million um
10 million 10 million 4 million will do
for me hhhh antinomy I got it
damn with your hand I thought before
Annie he's at four shake on it
but each other's hair is giggling behind
me you know I'm doing I go and then I
stop the body the guard will just end up
I guarantee that's ready one
guys are alive what is this and how you
walk down a good target don't worry
I like it then so blurry can turn it all
off and then turn it back on thank you
okay so me and Haley are doing our
Christmas trees right now and while my
dad's doing its head because me Haley
are going to vote for I don't know how I
came up I don't know how to by making it
Christmas things so we're doing our
little ornaments Haley take it away
show them how you're doing your
Christmas tree don't scare us like that
papaya so here is my OS done Christmas
tree very almost it looks like that
Oh what up I'm upside down what oh and
this is our tent
mmm it's a two-person a little - love it
no where is our tent it dips up and it's
a to prison because aunt is there of
course boys now we are all done and r4
is like almost done we're gonna go and
look for a few more like green things
with Christmas and here's the outside
and ready okay
it's over here hailey oh oh okay so you
see here we have two sleeping bags and
pillows and we even have a gymnastics
mat here yeah it's a little bit more
comfy so we have this really fluffy
pillow that's mine this is hailey side
this is my side fluffy pillow where oh
you can't see him Rudolph Rudolph at the
ready room they're green Vidya okay with
this little he's arms and cinnamon and a
mineral pumps instead piston and with
this purple sleep so do Dada has like
yeah diamonds on it like shape with her
at little um Christmas tree that she
decorated with candy cane hand up and
phone and then can you lift that up a
dot tah-dah
yeah so little over here ha but this
picture of Caleb because he's sleeping
like that
yeah he's and hand handle because it's
all really good yeah and then we have
the anxiety but because it was Caleb's
favorite so I put it by him mm doggy
yes because my smile pillow and this
pillow with this kind of living bad it's
like plaid yes it's flat she loves
London is this can you turn it on on
where is it wait wait the button I will
I will find it haha
and if you turn it back that if you
button on it could turn off yeah hey
there and that's our true this is my
channel for a jingle bell on it and then
I have all three different kinds of
candy canes with nerve are we gonna eat
those but yeah probably dinner not right
now about yeah like maybe tomorrow
all right and then up favorite part well
I love like I like this part
yeah hi my favorite on my second hey
like we keep all the mistletoe but it's
like a bow a red bow that we've made and
into ornament so the custom day is let's
see
have you ever done camping cuz we're in
a tent um I don't think we've ever gone
except here Jake um gymnastics camp that
smell isn't like really came back I mean
like in a tent outside with like cool
things I got never gone yeah we have
never gotten tab killers who so much fun
to be had in the tent these two case a
apostrophe hat DFCS
Wow it's so roomy super cozy all right
are you guys really sleeping in here
until Christmas every night until
Christmas you know that's 27 nights
yeah right yes right shaking her like
this all right
you see I know I did I did good night
girls I love you
sleep tight wait can I show you the toys
I guess babe thanks for watching Britt
Ailey
