hello and welcome to boot Amy Britt
Haley meets Christmas nice Christmas
yeah and how that Thanksgivings over
like Annie said yesterday right we can
move on we're gonna do be doing singing
declamation yes
daiquiri we're gonna have not one
Christmas tree this year but two two two
one okay
yep and wait till you see it I went and
bought new Christmas trees today and the
girls haven't seen it yet magnificent I
hope we hope we're gonna like it and
then we got one for up by the stairs
bunny it's a Velveteen Rabbit you know
the story of The Velveteen Rabbit no I
have to read it alright so this is the
new tree it's tall and skinny Wow like
Daddy
apparently Timmy Hailey's Janet's gonna
go right up there yes I think it would
be easier to open it down here what's
cold cool it like love hey things like
oh there you go it's more like ya
pressed for thousands of years because
then you can get a diamond hey hey but
you're looking very festive I think that
I am very mm-hmm that was Annie's
Fitzhugh it's bubble hello ebook now I
know what to get you guys for Christmas
or cardboard no I thought a via wear it
out like it was like a baby I'm like
getting a Christmas visit he he didn't
know where the brother was so wet
cardboard a baby up she goes watch your
head on the chandelier but nineties
chandelier
Thomas Jimmy has ever had Oh Haley's
going up to Haley if you can stand right
there and then we can switch okay hey
Winnie hey to join us never had a tree
that we need to ladder when she's done
you can plug it in can you plug it in
yeah hopefully it works
wouldn't that be whoo bad right outside
see we can see it guys are no fun
be giving a thumbs up mm-hmm all right
can you feel it
she says she's thumbs up yeah oh my god
yes all right you guys right up with the
decoration yeah it's gonna follow it
down hey bossy we're going from the top
oh yay
so I wasn't really in the mood to do I
got yeah but I'm kind of glad we are now
it's been more fun than I thought it
would be yeah everybody with the foot
Caleb's up at the top because he's the
oldest
first ornaments going up here any we
need some on the back too because yeah
exactly
first in student fun yeah here yay huh
one tree down one to go
oh yeah daddy's trying to move the couch
out of the way we're rearranging the
couch again what's wrong you're sad what
made you sad that picture first grade
Kaylee and that one and that one that
was this first
tornament that he ever got and yeah wait
wait for it there is a person and that
one that we got when he was born
yeah yeah all of his ornaments made you
sad huh this is Annie's first Christmas
it's a broken a little bit because it's
so old
and then here's Haley's first Christmas
ornament and there's Haley so much fun
bittersweet right you know that means
the term bittersweet yeah happy sad
what yes my I like him
here's mommy's baby she was - mommy
here's your eyes when you return I know
here's my my hand where's my hand my
sweet little hand I don't see it up
there it is yay that's how tiny my hand
will and a little baby so we don't know
where the stockings are or this tree
skirt but we'll go back and look and
he's not feeling well
hy I knew you guys would be excitable if
Annie felt well she'd be more excited
super cool huh we decided to go with
white this year to something keep going
up and up and up banda banja how are we
gonna get the star on an ad a show oh no
we're gonna be able to decorate anything
tonight because we forgot to get hooks
look these can be hung Lenny or the
wrong line look you see what they are
it's wrong about you an eight and an A
yes our here's the top that's not the
tile it's just a star which it puts us
like in the middle good wherever you are
daily
rough day pipe you wagging your tail
I'll be the happy girl
Jack jump do the John Hancock with that
feather what's your favorite one on this
tree I know and the beef what is it the
B the B giddyup Winnie Ashley doing it
Lincoln is she so don't worry guys she
hasn't
Haley does not have her weight on her
yeah all right let's get treats you guys
were so good while we put the Christmas
tree up um we are gonna do a question of
the day and call it a night
I hope you enjoyed our Christmas trees
right plural - oh we should we didn't
show the final result of when you guys
decorated yeah
hey so Wow we're giving this puppy some
treat easy a girl
um let's question of the day have you
decorated for Christmas yet if you
celebrate Christmas well in that picture
and our answer is is um what's your
favorite holiday oh you want to watch
your favorite holiday okay cuz we
haven't done that in a little while yeah
we've done it before but for all you new
subscribers out there we ask a question
we want you guys to answer it in the
comments below what's your favorite
holiday Haley what's your favorite
holiday holiday Christmas and Easter is
me same Oh mine is I like Halloween but
I love Christmas too and here is the
tree they decorated I don't have the
skirt yet out of storage but they did a
great job yeah yeah
all by themselves all at the top yay oh
goodness
now the Christmas season has begun we
can listen to Christmas music hey forget
to come down below we want to know the
question of the day hey don't bite my
hand no no no no no day is what's your
holiday birthday baby
thanks for watching
Britt Ailey
