time for what tell me it is Thanksgiving
- Happy Thanksgiving and mean Haley are
getting ready my mom said that we could
do a little bit of makeup I did hit with
myself I did my makeup blah blah and I'm
not wearing my hello this I'm just
making curly oh I have the law it's not
a dress it's a romper but mine is a
dress here we'll just here take these
okay and here it is
Inez wait you gotta see NASA - romper
and it's a romper as you can see the
straight line but you probably I can't
see it when she pulls it out you can
keep our hair cool I'm doing me Haley
and I feel a bit Haley's and eyes here
me and Haley's hair no I in me I'm
confused anyway so yeah hmm total
Thanksgiving dessert making this you can
pour it in LA yeah I don't look it I
don't know if you guess it and you wants
lipstick on right now what are we making
fake horns and chocolate cake peanut
butter chocolate cake more batches she
what
oh so if someone dares you have to no
that's only a double dare dog you don't
have to do a regular dog there mmm oh my
king in the mess our Kings Krypton
butterin yes you can't know right just
kind of butter about a women hours yeah
anything just go with it
so it's Thanksgiving if Danny didn't
tell you this morning earlier okay good
job we go the butter goes in don't mess
up oh now your lips look so much better
for this cooking I'm so glad you better
stick on it nailed it
slow down it's so thick it'll mix up so
need to pro with this mixer sure
seriously you know what you're doing
you think I'm controlling my chair a
little tap comes it'll come out fast a
few
there you go
a long process of four cups powdered
sugar is either one of those real ones
the one Haley wants she every time were
in target she's like the colorful ones
at Target she wants one I'm just late
but my sister guys work yes
they're pretty until I got it okay Wow
turn it on I'm gonna put some of this in
there Annie you act like you've never
used a mixer before that's right
worst-case scenario
make it outside seriously you putting
the couches in a different design again
with your hands about how you guys made
the blueberry yum-yum because we didn't
have a mixer and we gonna do that I made
this from scratch you I believe you hey
you did a great job with you did a great
job laying it all out so secret we
didn't fix it giving dinner this year
wait hoarder okay what are you sad
alright so let's go around the table and
say what we're thankful for on this
Thanksgiving Day and thankful for food
water I think the food is about 10 what
books trees did I don't when she's done
spanking you're thankful for Christmas
good I believe given um more food what
she she lost food music every gymnast
and mobile suit and pie ever
if that jamsi thank you we finally got
to the family
ah the water right oh wait
Oh in my family do it I'm worried whole
world whole world you can't think of
anything more space on the world horses
I'm the horse and of course you aren't
thankful Orson ah my family my friends
now vu
I'm thankful for my home that basil for
cookies we are making latkes
obviously she's not tiny mark food and
super thankful for art thankful for to
me um I'm thankful kind of like a
Christmas wishlist I think that's very
many oh I don't know anything else
that's ok that's good I got a good name
something I'm thinking oh my mom buys me
mail you should be thankful for that
Haley's gonna do my nails later today
right they're ready for it what you can
do my makeup
add to it are you deaf I make up and you
could do it yeah yeah yeah okay done
we're looking mind today Billy what do
you thankful for
what are you able for um I am thankful
for family and friends and glasses and
and all hair cabinets and my kid
eyelashes six
and dog is making of t-bone yeah yeah
I'm a fun day t-bone yes he likes to
come over here especially when the dogs
leave him go back to you yeah I was
getting to that
okay I'm thankful for not camera's not
being blurry wait for it
there we go I'm thankful for everybody
in this room including Luke and my coop
all right finger here yet
and so that would be my family and
friends and all the other friends that
aren't in this room and family that are
in this room and try not to make anybody
cry but I am thankful for 13 years that
we had with Caleb absolutely I mean yes
they were very very joyous then we
laughed a lot and he is here with us
right there
what Thanksgiving continue watch me yank
you
I need more candy
they're playing a little full play-doh
pictionary is my taking up Jesse I see
I'm being choose me yes I'll be talking
Mac let's share a box house with a bow
the fairy house um a muffin a muffin
okay oh I can change it for your ha just
finished Christmas movie because I'm so
excited
now I'm going on to Christmas and I can
find listen to Christmas songs no
finally like people had Christmas songs
on like a month ago and I'm like I don't
care I would listen to Christmas and
like loudly if they play it over and
over again gets really annoying but like
every once in a while okay hmm
what about this is only sure if we have
one you always look on Netflix menu
happily you get caspere's and you're
like Holly with the chance to meet him
I'm just saying I'm just me just putting
it out there
Nemo Flicka Flicka
yeah the horse movie home on to it isn't
this an awesome view oh my god are you
serious she's sitting a mule look look
at this view what's gonna
oh boy are you doing oh it's starting
oh yeah I'm you did it I'm you okay so
let's watch this movie yeah my your SID
so what's the Christian thing you can be
famous when you grow up if you could be
famous
what would you be famous cool okay what
would we be shameless for we first like
to be a mutant movies right way moving
movie artists and artists no not like
sooner I know
- okay I would be famous for the person
who gives most to charity pours I we had
a misfortune and horses and like
training them like to sit in it like
humans I trained her like that and to do
the puppy dog when they come with a
puppy look oh I mean I got a map that's
how good I am
I'm better with Piper because when he's
just a big dummy in fat like marshmallow
she wouldn't hear anything evil way oh
when you're so ugly
yes you are hey so let's look at the
pretty pictures Annie look at that doc
you oh it's good every now I uh I just
thought I don't know why but I thought
it would penguin and then at the thought
of a bear kind of a bowl and I was like
looks good
no 2.7 seconds I'm a bow name through
made you disappeared
Foom edge who needs a bowl for me to
boom and looking at your camera and it
says such great get like photo hobbies
yeah
deaf ear now cuz like or just some
mountain common hours to point I don't
have to be in seconds boom a true and I
love deeper Anna sparks we took ah so
what you want to do you stirred it off
five six seven eight I went up and I
have to sing it in that your most
weirdest Roy's maybe we're robbing up
gonna use any of the school's out you go
joke but song is that I don't know
no your to actually sing that so here we
were singing oh rogon boom-boom okay got
you settle down neck round girl random
girl yeah Wow long-haired guy who
dreamed is my sample slingshotted
waiting
duffer game Frank I am skip for you my
lip oh oh this your things
no no my mouth yeah it resume for like
six and a half minutes
is not like
Oh light like bugs me knees doing
I'm just getting adjusted bugs
yeah no see don't think about Josie
Josie
Babe Ruth what one great for ever works
or until you get Billy look at look at
the light cuz don't you have that thing
where you look at the Sun only for a few
seconds inside and come out you know
subtle calm battery if you just want to
stop this video it's okay yeah good
9-minute go ahead just stop it we're
just being goofy she turned the camera
off looks really geez don't not know you
guys that were in stains only dis song
really darling yes no she talks really
cos you're not knowing she's not nice
shame and see hug I did my nails sorry
I'm got I'm getting distracted whoa let
me zoom in how do I do that
friend you like to bed baby baby get up
wait wait yeah
Oh Jim's and more Wow look at the zoo oh
geez that's right
Oh came off I can actually see my house
from here
can I get back bad daddy say hi gonna be
part of a racket still friend
what did you just save me
hey babe oh babe thanks for watching
Britt Ailey
