and just realize any equitable access
all right so we're on our way we're
filming at the school today it's very
familiar you like when they're at
familiar places I'm gonna worry about
parking and all that jazz so we are
gonna go we have another day of filming
Haley's at home she's gonna wake up soon
and do some school you're a backpack sat
in the car that almost made me forget
and then they might come meet us on set
later so we can see them cuz we didn't
see them at all yesterday we can go in
now
Katie hey everybody here no no idea
and I'm always so worried I might call
y'all by the wrong name I mean I know
who you guys are but I'm just like no I
mean Riley I was gonna like like I know
get your nads but I always want to make
sure like I'm gonna so say Riley yeah I
know but still when you're like trying
to let go through names like I call my
kids the wrong name sometimes yeah
you're right put the nerve like mad mad
you that's the one that's I say - what's
your name actually but yeah like Jaclyn
yep there's Riley and there's Dylan
Jenny walk us all the way over just
gorgeous doesn't like the playing never
do it because what happens I go back to
school I teach my regular school IT guy
virtual teacher sick kids and I'm going
to tell them I work with you guys and
they're gonna be like no you didn't and
it's something I kids you know because I
were high school students I open by a 13
about 17 through your Spanish
yes
take that oh yes all right I want to
know if Annie knows what BS stands for
she so do you look imagine do you or you
now you're acting mad right mad at me
whoops an even playing Jeff ride she
knows what it means she does cause y'all
told her right we are oh no we didn't
just get home but I just did school it
was I'm done and that's a good start
because I am usually doing a school like
half way through school wind camera
turns on but I'm done with school yay
and I want about to get dressed and do
my hair and I'm gonna take you along
with that I took them along with one of
my how to get um me getting dressed I'm
in the vlog it was so long it was so
long it was like the longest thing ever
ever ever I mean not really but daddy it
what are you doing are you editing
okay okay I'm putting on any mole up now
gosh I feel like this is the first time
I've ever vlog before right
yeah changed fine I'm great actually
yes so I got the car back and then he
goes I really don't know what happened
but I couldn't have laughed himself into
a cry right now that was so funny
trying there like right there trying to
hoard all the cards he left we have to
wait when it says turn Oh Annie's
playing for Annie
just do it real quick whose turn is it
is it mine no I'm gonna show the camera
my cards thank you and Jeremiah my cards
too I'm not used to being somebody being
right what is it what is he already put
my 9 right there there's 110 to the
pants
I'm not a secret
I'm just look comfortable come from my
come my comfort and my secrets are
similar
how are you so cute over there this game
can get loud so luckily no one's rolling
right now I don't think yet violent and
loud and they may get yelled out soon
rolling I just talked daddy into not
leaving mouth and just doing postmates
so because we're gonna watch a movie and
I want to relax and yeah I'm tired oh
yeah sorry daddy
love ya but I just hear that's a wrap I
feel like we've been sitting at the
table playing there's a little sneak
peek that's all you guys get their film
in a locker scene you've been doing this
all day all I've done all day that's all
I blog oh my god all I can't walk their
demons up
yes we framed it Carson's been choking
me all day oh okay biennium you okay
guys so let me take you on a tour olia
nobody really cares what she's on the
rival team miss oh it's kind of like no
like know what this is Michelle hi
brother my mom is your mom yeah yeah
this is Mike dan how are you my sister
when rush gets the vlog camera no guys
Haden's we're at where what's all this
yeah we're at sushi and we're about to
order the whole menu and he's taking up
taking up out of biscuit misses Katie
how are you doing are you gonna order
like the whole menu
one thing probably with cream cheese and
then me what about you okay not really
an answer but your dad didn't really
answer but what are you gonna get what
are you looking forward to okay and I
Katie nobody really wants to talk to me
so it's gonna be me and you
no one wants some what are you people
Annie you think you've been filming all
day they go have the same hey what are
we getting
are we gonna share
any what are you getting so boring
editorial okay I guess we're not talking
anymore so guys this is the Sudanese
section of that darkness you want a nice
talking to so guys listen what what do
you want to say okay so guys this is the
sushi section of the vlog
I haven't seen you so we're down here at
Universal CityWalk we just ate sushi
Hayley just ate bubblegum and we all met
up and now we're working to go see a
movie a big group of us are going some
of Annie's friends and Hayley's friends
right
are you tired of it and we're kind of
late so we probably need to kick at
night hear the previews have already
started because we're going to be those
people those people that come in when
the previews are already going don't
worry we'll be in there before the movie
starts so we're not going to be that bad
right you weren't ready you were at
camera ready hate it
smile I'm that creepy person filming in
here
word hey didn't go I can't be say
goodbye
Haley's going on a sleepover
be good and I love you tell your sister
goodbye again for the camera there any
hug goodbye but I'm making them hug for
the camera leaving Haley she's going to
a sleepover so it is time for that
question of the day every time you go to
set I put so much hairspray in it
so yeah question the day is I guess I'm
on my own for the question today because
Haley went to to mommy's house for a
sleepover but I've got an early call
time so guess that's just me question
today is what is your favorite dessert
my favorite dessert is probably a it's
probably like a brownie with like a
fudge inside of it ice cream on top of
that and yeah that's probably that or
ice cream just plain ice cream I'm gay
anyways don't forget to comment down
below cuz we wanna know the question
today is what did you give a dessert and
we'll see you guys tomorrow
to celebrate
Beibei bye thanks for watching
tailee
