time for look Haley
morning guys were back at the gym
Haley's hanging out
we Annie's been having some trouble with
her series I've been watching she had
that the heel pain which has caused us
the tape or heals up and she just is a
little bit nervous to throw her series
so we're sitting here in the back of the
room watching we don't want to distract
her we're trying to be here to support
her well I am Haley's playing subway
surfers we're watching her it's really
hard to watch her cuz she wants to do it
but she's definitely nervous about it
actually missed her hands again
Jackie $100 Wow cool the other day in
practice she missed her hands again on
the series cuz her timings off we think
she's growing which isn't good for leave
at all yeah so she's up right now and
she hasn't been able to throw the series
on the beam yet on the high beam once on
the low beam and she has a meet tomorrow
so we're gonna kind of curious to see
how this is gonna play out
nervous well the problem is is her her
feet are definitely growing it's just
throwing all of her timing off well I
don't know if she's gonna throw it here
I hope she just did a back walkover he
did a back walkover back handspring that
counts as a series she can throw that
she doesn't have to throw the back
handspring back handspring this is
another level seven meet mommy in a one
so that's good that she got on the
i-beam hey we're excited here show some
excitement no show sucks Haley my anyway
we're proud of her that was great so she
knows she can do that and now you're
playing that what is that
I bet she feels so much better why to
get at least her series out like there's
no deduction for her to do a back
walkover back handspring sure and she
has time before she does a level 8 meet
to get that back handspring back
handspring more confident again
gymnastics like if you grow it throws
all your timing off yeah yeah you knew
all this so it's like an ever-changing
battle like you have to keep fighting oh
yes you get a skill and you have it fine
and then you lose the skill just as
easily might I add she may be she may
feel better that she did the back
walkover back handspring but she doesn't
want to just do the back walker back
entering her goal is to do the hand hand
and you know it's so funny cuz last meet
she fell and missed her hands before the
meet - was able to pull it and nailed
the hand aunt will do that nail it she
did bobble but she did it so she doesn't
want to just settle for a back walkover
back handspring but I'm proud of her I'm
just a chat in here aren't I oh how I
forgot the rest of song oh hey
marshmallow Queen it's almost dinnertime
daddy's chopping away over there have a
few Annie just got home from gym huh all
got requests mr. very own Christmas tree
yeah mmm fixing some dinner what's on
the menu tonight father figure is it
chicken close ah so how did the rest of
practice go because we've watched you on
beam until Haley's like can we go now
and then we left so how'd it go after we
left good how are you feeling about
tomorrow's meet I do Nicole come back
you are how's it doing decided how do
you feel about that if you decided that
look at coach Mary decide that she
didn't really
to talk about it I'm not stressed like
you shouldn't be stressed about this
because I'm not stressed because she
could she knows I can do it but she
doesn't care if I do a back walkover I
can't stress this is how you do it well
guess what if you want sparkly if you
want and only if you want I cleaned up
the basement and spread it I'll spread
the beam down if you want to go down
they're not going to show it I can't
throw it on the low beam agitate oh my
gosh oh hey what is that what do you
think is the problem
I think it's fear or do you think it's
your growth spurt look both alright well
I agree I told her the same thing don't
stress about it you got lots of time
before a level-8 me to get your hand
hand back okay no no that's too many
give them to me I was just trying to
sweat so they care for the other might
we a little chubby bunny action going on
I was trying to switch the camera and
she shoved him in her mouth you don't
even know event really what do you want
to start on what do you not want to
start on boy cuz it means you end on
beam yeah I can read your mind
alright let's go see what we can do yo
okay what did I say Oh have you listened
to Chris no and car oh yeah sorry as
long as it's not around me how few more
day then we're gonna be full on
Christmas songs miss Jan said that next
week we're gonna be in the 20 weather
why yes
Oh miss Jan put McPhee all right we she
said she wanted to come down here
it's too cool I got and do a few tricks
so you wouldn't you wouldn't throw your
hand hand on the low beam I saw you do
one and how many did you throw a back
walkover back handsprings on high beam
in a routine okay
they did we had a great deal we got buy
one get that one free I mean we couldn't
resist like who does it need an extra TV
to go in their room you're not getting a
TV in your room we used to have TVs in
the room and we got rid of that by
because it's not good to go to sleep
with the TV on and oh did you know
there's this thing hold the potato but
you can do the bean really really high
and that's cute yeah your heels aren't
wrapped are you doing with a sweatshirt
on okay we'll do it
you all stay at the back walkover onto
the main he's gonna go like this oh my
god who wins like that so you know I'm
just I'm going with my hands
oh I'm purpose that hard to do yes from
up there'd a back walkover oh don't hurt
yourself no don't do it that's way far
that's like five inches lower this is
not squishy look
oh it make me nervous I'll do it this
way no just don't do it just do your
stuff well what but don't do it on
purpose
yeah just okay just do how you want yeah
yeah really okay we're gonna turn it off
for a second but you didn't let me turn
it off that's all right
feel better now I have to put the Y on a
back walkover you probably want to take
the sweatshirt off I'm worried about the
hoodie do some jumping jacks and he's
crazy
frostbite going undercover who taught
you how to undress no now doesn't that
feel better yeah
yeah it's great
thank you see you're seeing like every
ghost so I went downstairs a bullet I
only went downstairs once but anyways I
could not do my serie series I couldn't
even do my walk back walkover back
handspring so I'm kind of stressed about
the meet tomorrow but I'm just gonna go
out there and do the best I can and hip
a song because when I which is what is
your favorite place to go where what is
your favorite place to go to in the
world like like hat like where you ever
been or to go like ah well just things
are both so so my favorite place to go
to that I've already been it's probably
Texas and my favorite place I think I
would want to go to is um Africa so what
it is is where you going to go and where
you want to go hmm so like where's your
favorite place to go like that luck that
we usually do like Ocean City or
something like that
ocean saying okay and then where do you
want to go
you've been deceitful Oh like ha ha like
I said Africa good one Georgia okay Shh
hey anyways don't forget to calm down
below Shh
do you want to know the question the day
is what is your favorite place to go in
the whole world
see you tomorrow hey thanks for watching
Britt Ailey
