time for my bumble room
presenting Haley's outfit of the day
dressed by hailey her cell and big girl
hair I'll tell everybody the bad news is
it's not where we're changing this stuff
said yeah you're gonna just change the
subject so um the camera ate all of our
filming today you know I have to just
start over yeah so we ran off the 4k
camera because the 4k camera or eight
hour video that we filmed this morning
we fix Hailey's hair we gave her big
girl car curls I don't remember what
else we filmed about but that was May
28th so there wasn't much footage we
lost but now it's four o'clock in the
evening
oh we filmed that where we were going
tonight where are we going tonight are
winning where are we going tonight we
just saw him about that we are going to
a movie
mm-hmm dinner in a movie that's why we
look so fabulous well some of us mommy
and I said the same Doug I didn't curl
my hair or well or put a kid out oh so
we're gonna give me a toilet oh wait let
me back up
feel free close up oh I can't see all
right this is mommy ah so yeah
glad because I spent too much time or
she has glasses on with a what I'm here
you up till shirt with white in it maybe
pants a navy blue pants and some homes
and nah me because um I atleast ur hair
calm you didn't do her hair - you a
sandwich night Donna you could I wanted
to show everybody right your outfits
from Zara Zara Oh Zahraa everything well
the bed leggings are and the boots are
yes the boots are from JCPenney I
believe I don't know the leggings were
just some we had our from journey kids
but she doesn't have her socks showing
thank you
now I guess hmm there there ruffle socks
and they're super cute but alright so
that was the outfit of the day need
smellivision because that smells
delicious you having a little snack
before we go pick up Annie from gym
masterpiece I I think we have felt
smellivision yeah did you steal that
joke from no yeah hey tell everybody who
were going with Katie yeah that did at
Arden oh yeah peanut movie in a movie I
mean end up peanuts movie and and dinner
peanut came to the peanuts movie are you
guys are confusing me with all of this
like buttons because usually now that
I'm used to the other camera I'm like
trying to go all the way up here and I
Arden in the background good anyway so
yeah um we all just got Emma gymnastics
I like chapstick
we need chapstick Mandy mama okay
okay anyways there's lives
there's K there is me wait we can't see
Arden there's not a day he carted
there's me and it all going or live or
yeah but we are all it has color on it
who color we're all going to didn't did
it on the peanuts mommy oh no wasn't
even rehearse you guys like I'm not King
like hey I wait so good
one minute ah we shall do that fruit
every year 575 set now yet Nani who's 10
seconds that is really bringing closely
50 seconds
all righty then
are we going oh oh dinner
Andrew busy to attend it is in the noon
you were so good they're so good at
nothing video is not sponsored by
omission barbecue or peanuts what was
that
I've got part on my tears but have
anything we're getting popcorn okay not
sponsored I'm risking I don't hate my
boy I just don't really like um you
don't like popcorn
it hurts my Tumtum I'm not some type of
coffee hurts my Tumtum I love coffee
argan pardon my mom went to your parents
store opening thing hufflepuff you pass
out that sugar plum tea your palm AT&T
freaked out I liked all the guys is so
good you need to end up with their
parents things am I allowed to say that
yeah capital T's fast my dear but God is
good niggas smart if you're not
sponsored book capital T's this year you
should shout the roasted all Oh guys I
have a good question of the day yeah
even though it's not at the end of the
day anyways but it's not the end of the
day we'll just restate it at the end of
the day yeah but what is your favorite
emoji my favorite emoji is the one thing
like pissy horror here when it's like oh
my god I'll just be like hey any and
you'll be like oh I use it so much I
know I like this playing with it let's
check it out good
I like though I like the house I like
I'm seeing which one's got better
because I'm nice to my grocery so I
liked up yeah my my free behind like six
lines is it's like the nerd angle yeah I
love wait this is my frequently used on
hold on right Eddie in for broke up I've
been vineya blah blah blah yay Anna Rico
I just answered the kid and TJ and four
more ten okay so no this is my
frequently used oh wait you can see it
is they're paying their yeah okay so
it's oh there's pigs it's like okay so
it's the laughing thing is you have two
kids gays that cry face the hardy face
the eyes the mad face the one you face
does it on face to my face six sleeping
face snails away money pain hugging face
the general 90 days that's in abattoir
she's like I don't have my like the one
that messes up your mouth I don't know I
love that line which one of Penance
melodies oh yeah I don't know which one
the mind because I I tested my mom you
and Annie we're talking about blood
where did she goes I just wonder why
think about that that weird thinking you
went that's weird
oh yeah say it now what which one is it
oh my gosh embarrassment no oh yeah oh
there is one betta mode but no it's a
Zoomer
oh yeah it's been oh my gosh my still
whole things guard a cursed I've been
cursed
I've been car's got the emoji in effect
my arms getting tired ha yeah the lies
you're mad face like I said this to my
mom oh oh oh hold on I have a book
report saying that doing that doing that
take that take that different oh you
just blew tired to Ulta don't read it
hold on we have to show her a picture
I'm Justin Bieber oh brother looking at
pictures of Justin Bieber's oh really
it's a strange picture of that kid nice
so agreed if anybody was wondering what
it was like to hang out with five really
cute girls this is it and fashion and
craziness and water'd here at CSUN
actually ended yeah you'll have gym hair
but that's okay you guys are both
wearing cute little vests who's ready to
see Charlie Brown I'm glad you're gonna
get out from on top of stealing I'm
ready to I know we already kind of did a
question of the day but you guys help
keep in mind who your favorite character
is in this movie that's gonna be a good
question with what that doesn't scare
who so that my friend if I'm like are
you scared to be up here like yeah he's
in my hand because she was so scared I'm
like but she'll flip on a horn to be
happy that doesn't scare me though like
if it's higher this is like this is
higher than a beam of interesting jacket
than a puck beside oh I'm so sorry next
time I'll yeah sure to get more amazing
pocket okay lean - graslie bar I'm like
but what it is like a have to lean I'm
like a bun know where you're holding
guys it's my motivation you are always
cold and you always forget your code
we're weird flip-flops or no shoes and
okay and you know you know jacket
indices I remember not cold at all
yeah why are you calling Brodie know why
are you cold
Caleb Caleb you should talk to the sky
this ain't Bob okay Bob if he is Gary
and meet you know the very good friend
of Caleb's like for real every time we
come in here Caleb would chat with the
foot Bob oh is that one I don't know
okay I kind of happened just like that
right happen very randomly oh my sweet
chat you know yep Bob Bob Tom Canty
thought it was a game Haley's name is
Bob he might have had a name it might
have been Bob he may have named it when
you were here
I say this rope does not make me happy
like I really want to crawl in an hour
be like hey get on this side of the W
put ropes here it's just gonna make You
wine I know
although I think if the Rope wasn't
there more people would be like honored
all right you're a baguette tickets
that's gonna be super cute
how skilled are you guys to get all of
your five faces in there I got to go
cheek to cheek to cheek to cheek but I
want you to accept my money - hey do
make sure you do horizontal Lincoln's
 me yeah we should do that we should
do this no no and if the front row will
come down because that row comes down a
little there you go now Anna you can
come behind Katie yeah yeah I can go by
RT no man I mean could you taller yeah
oh they are getting soup smart yes will
it work
okay
No
time is running out oh my good we Vegas
- regular - no wait
alright let's close that up
That moment when okay let's picture
that's nothing false gym bag no they're
gonna go home with this Jen some of the
girls are going for a sleepover yeah but
my kids are gonna stay with their Nani
all right favorite character you get
yourself out all right - cool - remember
what's up Charlie Brown wake up
that's just what stuck with my favorite
um ha
Snoopy I heard a Snoopy in there
Woodstock or kind like patty I like pink
stuff takes time
Big Pimpin Wood Duck Arden oh yeah okay
Woodstock with lots of vote for would
stop Martin's got to get her backpack
hello November my hand is shaking by
filming in ah bye girlies you have fun
at the sleepover tonight
good night this is where our video ends
for the night because we pulled in the
garage and these girlies are done for
the day
so Annie stirring she must know we're
home we'll see you tomorrow
potato baked potato baby thanks for
watching
Britt Ailey
