time for me so we've had a pretty hard
day today we got the results back from
from Caleb and it was natural causes and
it was cardiomyopathy which runs in our
family
um we wanted everybody to know that the
girls have been tested and everything's
negative for them so they're they're
good and Caleb had been tested before
too so it is something that worries us a
lot so we're going to get them tested
more often and we just didn't feel like
filming today so we'll see if the girls
want to do a question of the day and
that's going to be it
you're a good know you can do it from
here that's one part of it she just down
I haven't okay I have it on film Wow
good that was a mating all right let's
do a quick question today don't focus
well are you sinking to the bed too much
yeah let's do the question of the day
what is your favorite winter activity oh
that's a good one Oh wonder hi doing it
so my favorite activity is making a
snowman
okay and you little girl jumping into
snow head so let me let me get this
straight I wanna make sure I'm clear
your favorite at giving the false
jumping into leaves hmm
your favorite activity and winter is
jumping into snow and your favorite
activity in the summer jumping into
water what's your favorite activity in
the spring jumping just laddering our
trampoline
we'll play all right guys that's it good
night morrow mm-hmm
okay that's a good night face you gotta
 this is a good night Leon our
puppies best I'm the doggie boot oh hey
babe
thanks for watching Brit Ailey
