time for what Amy welcome to breakfast
Arne isn't it cool in here I love it
you have to come get some breakfast for
a big day
hey are we gonna tell everybody what
we're doing today what are you girls
doing today take it I actually don't
know no I'm kind of like take it away
what are they doing today waiting for
Nickelodeon oh oh yeah and then Delia
Ann's in Disneyland yeah so we were
gonna read for Nickelodeon a little
scripty script me sorry I thought your
seat these littles Thanks so yeah and
then we're gonna go spend the rest of
the day at Disneyland and then the best
part yeah we're gonna go sleep on a
plane we're heading home tonight see
what uh tonight yeah that's our night
we're gonna take the red-eye flight back
home yeah sorry you nervous about
reading for nickelodeon to her
nope feeling good yeah yeah are you win
why just because I asked you okay and we
said okay we'll be in LA anyway how are
you
works for us what are we doing where are
we going no no no no no no no
Nickelodeon ha and then where does it
head their dad didn't and it's gonna be
so much fun
buh-buh-buh-buh-buh who's nervous did
you just kill not nervous land that's
awesome you go concocting didn't we have
to go under but Reverend uh what oh yeah
it's gonna be super fun with her yeah no
I'm not on is it you're serious Danny's
the morning group I was gonna say about
it I haven't I've I'm a procrastinator
Jill we should do that now she's not
he's not a procrastinator cuz I've
crashed Nader would insinuate that she
ever hated you not going to the mouth
yeah I remember I've announced her okay
well I must say that like you have
actually I know it's cute when were here
mix one there's another gameplay prepare
mama she's not nervous at all Paramount
Pictures I'm not nervous at all about
yourself but you not knows that's me
earlier you weren't nervous I know it
was like when you're preparing for the
beam right I mean preparing for the meat
you were like I'm good
so when I get there the whole different
story so funny in this poor I had Danny
have or shake I have to be rode for
Disney a couple months ago
it's not too bad is it Annie
dad's not bad hailey read to Julie
exactly
what's wrong girls cool okay just making
sure you're not nervous
oh no no I'm not totally buying not at
all I was one out of a hundred hundred
like you're not even gonna want to go in
there I would say and wonder like if I
I'll do it if I have one I would say I'm
about a 2700k 140 you're 40 I am 50
you're 50 so you're like okay I can do
this on oh my gosh I'm not gonna do this
at all right in the middle 99 you're
nervous
no oh oh I can I'm you not good oh so
you're a one cuz paramount up there
sorry yeah Zack that's where you are
right now it's like a meeting right
don't think of it as sure that their
decision was pray okay I would think
gosh I know like with Katie open so oh
did you think I was gonna run into it
like how'd you like I thought you were
gonna watch it multitask yeah yeah
fairly well dodge this big truck uh-huh
oh-ho same time
everything how the big hammer he had
this the camera and he was walking
backwards Tsubaki already many do they
run it at something someone was like
yeah they guide you did you laugh every
time are we lost
it was just a Jessie about this and
usually being honest - yeah wasn't the
last one yes the last and then it was
like one of these big giant doors and
then totally like open the door and
really keep walking on and like yeah I
saw that one look oh my god in stage 30
like where's our stage like I mean like
my 9s age my my kids go through okay
because you practice your room they have
a script that they've been practicing
see they were just gonna hang out here
until ver called in for our meeting like
hey any and Haley were pretending well
actually Haley was Annie was pretending
that we were just practicing on our
meets you could do the whoo anyway no
show no shower there's a shower in here
Sena girls just got called ed and we
don't get to go ahead like we didn't
have to say anything else again yeah we
didn't we did have to say nothing else
again the only thing I had a slight
message one was um
take a deep breath and do your best
I said to your deep breath and do your
best okay so I like wouldn't try oh my
dude yeah okay we're coming they were
reading the script from the light when
you guys reviewed I mean they're looking
hey how do you feel awesome
mine's a nice deficit like we should be
done either by a tree poem now should I
give in your formula to okay thank you
okay yeah she knows I'm gonna spend like
the whole day on the set we could hear
you yeah you did really good super proud
I want to get a picture a handsome
picture in front of studio 25 can we do
that
yeah we know we probably are gonna get
in trouble
did you turn NACHA Tudor waiting right
congrats ladies nice modest much super
pleasure super humble do you might see
them on tape yet I still see them on
YouTube yeah that's right if you could
possibly season see me in a month
did they happen a lot about you too yes
they did I would note that it wouldn't
be in a month
but when come on from now know anybody
I'm sure like what do you do when in a
nice jar like I did he does 20 months
for a year from now you'd start filming
you asked us out who our sisters oh you
mean before they I hate for you when
you'd please step up I don't know
siblings
man they're nosy just kidding you guys
you can ask them this question
I'm just making joke all right it's
Disneyland time yeah let's go celebrate
right
wake up wake up
we're also testing laughs did you hear
the new good news girls I know we're
almost there the Disneyland really yeah
I'm in here there's like five minutes
exiting now I'm gonna actually picture
the sign okay okay good mind sitting
arguing okay so we're here Downtown
Disney waiting to go into the park
we're gonna grab a little bite to eat
before we meet up with our friends and
we're hanging out with his parrot and
the weather out here is perfect southern
California yes that's where we did our
meetup last two times we were down here
right there
from the ESPN Zone
no one here to see a society
jeez nine how long they live they let me
over
whoa
to get that selfie
yeah get a selfie with them
seriously I'm so jealous these would you
get
you can hold it be careful it's almost a
shame
oh hey guys you're in student okay
that's good
silly things like it looks like daddy
got some signs that he is writing he's
after
NRG get pumped up and make some MPEG
video would you guys are there
translates right yes yeah that's our
trend terms of an like obviously okay I
really worth of Japan okay when she was
two we were in Japan no way yeah is
there some 14 we're born in no I don't
think there's there's probably some
footage summer but it's not like it's
not in the YouTube world
Oh have to see if I can find some
there's pictures and stuff okay
riding in the back a big thunder
mountain where's our train whoa oh my
gosh okay yeah I'm Toby the rules they
told me the rules you have to have your
arms up screaming we're having a
screaming contest last week allowed it
arms up screaming yeah you guys but yeah
there's our ride oh no it's not a lot
help yeah it is there's a run yeah yeah
are you ready
Big Thunder Mountain was amazing that
one like they totally want to do it
again leave it again your hands up the
whole time yeah girls day where we
scream louder than everybody oh are you
sure because I kind of turn on items or
ends up and oh okay okay
the only reason my arms wrap I think if
I split or Dani each other the side was
over on our side and a hand that stood
under the bar so I was laying like this
for the whole time and we stopped my hip
like that bang back so the su to put
your arm around I think you feel all
right let's try it again I think I might
have a thumbnail
I don't know if you guys are good enough
for my thumbnail just move back for
round two and then a beeline for Tower
of Terror and we're gonna try to do
tower tear we're gonna we got out to run
power up here it's a good right yeah
it's one of our saying okay we lost many
mounds here and we're within in back
last time
on bags of berry Roy and pain train
found the Mickey years
I haven't ever written this I don't know
if I gotta go yeah you're never it's
broken oh I can't wait it's a really
good ride so the last ride of the night
was it's called the California screamer
dinner we gotta get on a plane soon that
I got a pair of roller coasters on and
then we are going to dinner we have
reservations like that we're like dolly
tail we are skipping to the parade
I'm too tired catch up with them to tie
or genic you asleep right here dude this
is our seat right up here what
you may sit back Haiti gearing up for
this brain right age money oh wait it's
very personal
netbook thing I'm Dante
your ears are cooler than mine right
here
hey everybody
the gang's all here
doing business down there
I mean it
grow up
Hey
oh my gosh
I don't
you know
just around at the airport and this is
the scene that's going on the red-eye is
going to be a little difficult to get on
doing Marissa it's not glamorous yes
life is not always glamorous around here
super fun super fun day but I think this
might yet I think we might call it quits
guys and we'll see you in the morning
when we get home and on the plane
because that's the house when we get
home on the planet will be tomorrow yeah
alright guys check him out I know she's
out to the sleep she's like and then see
you tomorrow guys baekpa
day babe I
thanks for watching
Britt Ailey
