time for let me start in our day off
with breakfast
it's like buffet style here we just kind
of ordered the whole menu
one of everything one of everything and
we are just showing you how I got like
one and a half cows
the girls are eating steak and eggs
a classic breakfast around here Annie's
babe
Haley's chawla nan some pancakes I know
and then they didn't bring us water so
they just brought us ice which is
melting yeah Oh soon enough Annie there
is a little ahh so we're gonna be on set
today one of the things we're doing
while we're here in LA is filming a
little video or the water here no
filming a little video for Goldie Blox
so we're gonna be on set soon okay we're
going below fun
what can we chew our food up before we
started chatting she said we're gonna go
after Susan I don't have enough away
we're gonna go shop oh yeah yeah yeah
that what I get Airport I says you're
gonna like other albeit like the you're
going to eat till you something
something I'm sayin and you're gonna
shop until you depart ah so what we're
gonna do we're gonna shop until we
depart that means me yes that sound like
we should do that and special shout-out
to Brennan yeah Brennan's birthday back
at home be celebrating that without us
hmm
we love you Brennan don't work bring it
if you're watching this I got you a
present
don't open it good brother I'm sure it's
a Green Bay Packers Jersey second where
oh my gosh even better all right we just
arrived on set
we are going to go get set up and
they've got the girls have to do a
little bit of school you'll have to wear
these for school my friend's school it's
the favorite time of day when you're on
set they love this part
it's kind of flipped it might be a good
idea perfection they're in school right
there that's a class right there I don't
want to go first
okay come
oh my gosh this is like a real school
and there's class going on right it's
very awkward
hair and makeup hair and makeup before
school stops so Katie's gone straight
into hair and makeup these two are gonna
start on school I think this is Katie's
first time isn't it is this her first
time in wardrobe you guys are being so
good are you learning anything look I
don't even hear me they're concentrating
so hard or they're ignoring me I know
look as fast as you can pace yourself
Annie it's not about how quickly you get
through it's about how long you have to
do it when you're on set you know take
the Epis be doing a specific amount of
time what's happened to by me she didn't
cut it the wig it really looks like it's
real why are you yawning already
that's my lab I'd be like was I left a
chance to go on the faded one
oh yeah could actually know that is were
you it know where do you end and hop
scotch what so what's the start I think
we have to turn around like you come to
okay yes a little bit of a break time in
between shots
I think Katie's wrap for the day
little hopscotch hopscotch and Scott
compliant the shoes aren't hopscotch
compliant I don't even remember all the
rules out brush you throw a rock no I
got you whatever one the rocks on you
have to strip that way he had to come
back and pick it up yeah you throw it on
one and you skip it right and then on
the way back you pick the rock up right
and then you have to throw it on - yeah
we got this but no you're not allowed to
see it okay excuse me it was really cute
I'll give you a cheeks I'll give you
nothing I'm not making any more no any
more bets
yeah so I said if she tried to feed him
she's gonna do it for Disney and I said
if I if you try see me go get a dollar
me misty and then I bribed you guys for
jumping in the pool yes for the next
home dollar dollars whoa
what a good couple days you've had just
discovered how to blow a bubble nice
that's good
we got Haley and Gillian on the set
except we're leaving they're coming we
didn't really get to hang out much today
bummer bummer
that is a wrap on the day Gillian's
going to start so we've got to say
goodbye to Gillian so I was a part of it
it's good to see you see you real soon
Gillian back to press craft services
before we leave nothing I'm gonna try to
get some shopping done past services
everywhere we go yeah they just follow
me yes Jill she is yeah that's part of
the whole day right so you did clearly
help yourself evil what it's all in your
hair it is look at them you guys are
loaded up for the car ride back whatever
you want drive me gay right right me I'm
a goes berserk she's named it the whole
time but of what okay okay bring him wet
gig gig Oh kick I was like what are we
kicking yeah hey little game of laser
women OC this might see them use like
honey jump on you and gives it pushes
off following her fault yes of course
okay we do it a fancy pizza
Eddie oh thanks like that yeah cross
don't hit each other
hi so you're gonna have to go though I
stay I'm gonna go like that and ended up
hiya Tony it's gonna be two videos Road
no it was perfect but it like she said
it wasn't synchronized okay but that was
perfect one see right I don't think I'm
good hey hey Mindy
one two three see boys I don't know oh
one two three
I think this is the key when someone
goes higher it's taking longer so the
person going lower needs to wait a
second wow you don't need to start at
the same time you though well do it
twice so you can each do the high and
low okay so you got to give her you
gotta go
she's gotta go first she takes longer
because she's going higher one two three
- oh my gosh I am like amazing one two
oh I think so you may continue but you
got eyes like angle yourself to her what
all right okay okay go on three screw
today on three you're gonna do agree one
two three and you're going to add some
hair to it Oh kind of like jump together
but wait are you later there to go yes
you should man there next to her and
hoist one behind that's only a little
bit see wait great okay let's do like a
waterfall
Bam Bam Bam you hope she can okay now we
need to go facing in and we're gone
mm-hmm and you're on spray will give one
to you 3 ultimate Co one two three oh
okay
Elita makes a mistake and you go to
carry up the field drag drag is fine are
you injured me now I'm going to come on
the field
Thank You Haskell kromaggs oh yeah he
needs CPR on her stomach okay we're good
now what's all this oh that's right no
no it's good
Oh Jean Scott panda alarm she gets a
crazy dude to follow the deep end let's
go oh there's a big of a big souvenir we
just got to Hollywood we're gonna do
some shopping and eating there's a big
souvenir shop down there there was one
right when we came in somewhere down
there some Los Angeles hats New York it
snuck in there oh this is cupid at San
Diego oh you ever like the end of us oh
that is cute I like that I like that fun
yeah that's cute you're cold already
what are you going to collect let us
shop around mm okay that's cute needs to
be smaller but that's cute yeah
okay like that's smart shopping
to hide that one so Hollywood signs
behind us I see it this is where we came
last time we don't know much about it
but we just stumbled across here if you
go to the California Pizza Kitchen in on
Highland in Hollywood you can see the
sign
I don't know I think it may be too dark
but we know it's back there it could be
do dark for a handsome picture it may
not show up
it is chilly you could buy a sweatshirt
have that more
without light in the back I know we know
it's back to that billboard that one
billboard walk or no it's that billboard
yeah you can't see the Billboard right
under it
oh oh this light you still can't and
she's right the billboard back there
light but we know it's back there and we
can see it that's right
yeah
I'm gonna laugh if it pops up on you
Haley don't get your shoe wet
it's the other hand I think other hand
hey totes
okay should I call my mini friends up
there I don't know welcome in to speak
to my mom
Oh
all my many friends out there she wanted
to thank her many friends and her mother
a snow globe
anyone not collecting stuff snow gloves
busted for being me you know I was just
awarded the best mother you're really
tall when I'm filming you you ever get
up short you're here would you mind
cuteness
here's the camera this is what else or
you are
much wrong she can't find anything in
here she wants a purse no I'm not called
Solano's on my walk away is insult
number if it is it's actually not
hyperbole it actually has many puzzles
from overly which kind of disappointed
me whenever you wanted that to be a real
pencil yes okay yeah Danny Danny
spoon we just needed to look a little
longer
hey this one's got one that's cool
and this one says health la that one's
his Beverly Hills so it looks like the
LA winds have this shape - that's cool
here's an LA mean with the regulars
future
jackpot yeah your first uno pairs
filming it okay wait if I get your
collecting fees Amber's out oh yes Katie
what thoughts what's up but you just
want to put you're gonna carry your
souvenirs around with you this is ladies
Mulan yes
annie has one of your grandmother spoons
over tire I know who would you she's
saying the question of the day is we got
model would you rather be hot or cold I
have you
you'd rather be cold you're cold right
now and are freaking out layers on light
you know have you thinking give me your
sweater Haley what about you Katie
perfect
oh my god would you rather be hot or
cold Haley hot you would be oh hey what
about you hot or cold also doesn't tell
you how cold you cold you'd be rather be
hot
I'd rather be cold I gotta be I mean I
mean I mean I mean huh I'd rather be
high and hot you think oh yeah I was
rolling home because I've always said
you know always put on my voice no oh
and you can you shivering all right guys
okay let you out of here
we'll see you another exciting day
tomorrow
these girls are gonna get home and get
back Motel and here's Angie
see you guys later
hey babe thanks for watching Brit Ailey
