today I'm bailing to people do that
that's good morning everybody look at
this little tiny baby princess this is
where she fell asleep last night after
playing video games how late did you
guys stay up playing video games -
that's not that bad you fell asleep on
the couch
she fell asleep right here you won was
she mad was she
look how little she looks at a little
that beanbag site tickle her feet
whatever her most ticklish spots right
your honor little Tootsie's she's got to
get up in 45 minutes so I'm gonna go
finish getting ready and then I'm going
to tickle torture her awake if she's not
already awake when I'm by the time I'm
done and Hailey is asleep where she
should be in her bed oh she might be
waking up oh there's some stretching
going on you awake
no okay they got to get up soon less
than an hour got another day of filming
oh no it's multiplying in here
look what appeared 40 minutes later and
not much has changed except this one has
joined us she's half awake okay we have
to leave here in 32 minutes
Shh I'm coming for the piggies which
piggy am I gonna get okay I'll get these
morning
all right well wish me luck because I'm
probably gonna have to resort to
dragging little feet out wherever you're
gonna just drag her out all right well
we might get out of here on time you
only get thumbs that right now until
like 3:00 all day and then to get in
your hair you got syrup and hair in your
syrup or serpent your whore that's a
totally different come over here when
I'm vlogging sometimes I feel like I'm
like in people's business because
they're having a conversation and we're
just like they don't know we're filming
and that's good that's gonna your hair's
gonna smell so good all right so it's
breakfast time as the girls said and
they are going over lines of eating
breakfast excited she is I got you guys
back
did you bring headphones did you bring
your bag over here typical my guess is
no I can't film Brooke because she's in
something but you can always hear we can
hear her voice hello bratayley Brooke is
here
my um her freckle on her leg okay fine
you can see your shoe oh my shoes aren't
the end of the world you got a leg and
these two are finally sitting down to
get a little bit done right
look how stoked and did he send that
last while that is that's something you
Miriam we should yeah Wow Oh all right
let's focus here I'm going to get your
headphones see if the Internet's working
ready break okay so um I feel like all I
filmed today at school but that's okay
hey nice shirt you want one
link on the bio Hayden just got here and
gets a lunch
I mean how does he get that schedule
Annie how did he get that schedule
hailey 99 she's working hard he's
plugging in this computer cool oh he's
not he's on winter break early YouTube
is food
like UK tips it's happening what's
happening food lunch everything and
brunch
I just find put it in time cuz it's the
same word except for our beef we can
film Berk now yeah not just my leg yeah
she's not in wardrobe I mean she she has
in she's got working yeah it's just not
set wardrobe no no she's wrapped already
you don't know what your favorite scene
yet but that we hey to the end how was
your day what are you doing I thought
you were doing school so you don't
fulfill on your what
I'm reps in my comfy clothes I'm tired
and Annie and Haden aren't wrapped yet
get that the only prisons it was me yeah
yeah who was Mantha movies soon
yes mine alright that's a wrap my friend
nice purple backpack vodka you guys we
were walking to the car we saw a little
while Jimmy and hate more nice enough to
take us back to our car it's really
nothing no just to our car calm down do
you smell this oh it does it smells like
manure over here it might be it's
awesome hated rodeo we're a wrap for the
day
I'm hungry you are
whoa I look like I need a nap or
something looks like kind of really big
for it I'm so sparkly
it's your oh no oh no I forgot to take
the highlighter off my
shoulder my I know what I really want
what one of those things that goes over
your shit at your tub like drop stuff
you can watch a movie while you're in
the tub and then I couldn't do that but
those bath bombs maybe I should order
one of those gotta get the right one for
the right tub yeah because ours only has
I'm not computer and follow that tell me
either
can't you get electrocuted or something
that's plugged in you can yeah
that might not be good that would not I
wouldn't don't plug it in that makes me
nervous don't use your computer my phone
no iPad thing I don't know I want to
watch Mean Girls chilling in the tub
that too much to ask me that's like
amount of TV nothing you're gonna do
that I'm just saying do people do that
that's so small a guess there was a TV
in the bathroom I know and I was like
this is a weird hotel they've got TVs in
the bathroom
I wrote that I'm gonna wash my face
tonight because there's so much stuff
I used to make up lips and normally I
use like half make appointment
it's like on
that's not here right there was
definitely a good seat yeah I think
don't like it
I'm gonna go get talk about what I
really want talk about yes sure got to
cry I'm going to cry
I want Taco Bell I don't know where I
live she said yes I took this I look
like like ball
it's your angle I dropped my sunglasses
oh I missed it Haley's gonna fly alright
we are home for the night and we're
gonna eat some dinner we post mated some
burgers so good and then I'm going to
bed
I don't know about these goons Annie's
got like this overtired thing going on
okay guys it's not the best angle and I
know I've got makeup all over my face
that's why I'm washing it after a long
day other stuff what else wanna do face
that I'm gonna do the glittering one
mm-hmm there in your bathroom
the only one you need to do that sparkly
when it tastes like glitter
you should get deeper yes I don't like
this I don't like this you shouldn't do
it
yes be an animal express your
animal-like yes likeness yeah that's a
rude boy scared that basements gonna dry
my little baby bums out so I never put
them on baby
what oh my gosh anyways I'm always like
so scared that's gonna dry out my baby
moms cuz it has the first time I put it
all over my face I'm so dry oh yeah
always like it there oh no that's just
not fair gosh it's burning it's burning
the most sensitive skin new me you do
yep you have sensitive you have
sensitive hair yep you know I wouldn't
say my hair sensitive your scalp scalp
okay I'm done I'm done I'm done
Oh
it's gonna be a wash off I'm not no I'm
not I'm not waiting no I don't like it I
don't like it I'm I'm on Oh God
I don't like that my face it's over here
I don't like cake yeah whoa wait he was
like out of focus and it was like
sparkling it was out of focus but it was
sparkling it was so cool okay dokay we
are enjoying our burgers and the
question of the day is what is your
favorite smell smells could be good and
I'm not like talking about Matthew
smells yeah what if you like different
smells like Chipotle duh see mine's not
Chipotle I'm just saying Annie says
coffee
Oh
puppy breath I need a puppy but like
puppy breath I'm not talking about like
we call our dogs puppies and they're not
puppy like no I mean like real puppies
like eight week old puppies even maybe a
12 week old puppy oh okay guys we're
gonna finish our dinner we are going to
get ready for bed and we are going to go
to bed yeah don't forget to comment down
below Haley is enjoying this this was
her suggestion tonight burgers from
Shake Shack darn it do you got sensitive
skin okay comment down below what your
favorite smell is we are going to see
you tomorrow Haley's the red mark is the
black one okay well do use that one
Haley's not filming tomorrow annie is
and stay tuned for tomorrow bye see you
tomorrow I like to say tomorrow tomorrow
tomorrow tomorrow tomorrow tomorrow
thanks for watching
Britt Ailee
