hi for me it's Halloween and I'm already
almost at my I'm ganna Chomper and I'm
pretty much ready with clothes but um
because we had a Halloween party today I
have a Halloween party at Genesis Ted
and before that had a little practicing
Marc mock mock meat thing which is a
meat app which isn't me my life doesn't
meet um like to get you ready for your
other meat that your real meat and
anyways yeah so we had that and then
yelling party and now I'm going to do
Haley's own makeup my quickly Haley's
and my and my mom's I'm doing cowgirl
makeup for me um minute then you make it
for her Haley and just read a little bit
because my mom and dad don't dress up
for Halloween
but but the KDS does which is Glenn just
stuff trashing stuff and a new Nick
that's your trash so this is before
Haley thumbs up before and wait for four
and snap really gonna focus
close close open okay now it's mommy's
turn
y-yeah okay oh and her goggles are
downstairs if they're not my turn
oh here's Haley again and I forgot to do
the before this isn't after but I only
did one thing I'm getting a good life
then one dang like this and I'm gonna do
more so before kind of before
even the stars they burn some even fall
to here now we got a lot to learn God
knows with it
I won't give up on us even if the skies
get rough I'm giving you my love sure
you know those treats aren't for you
guys right a Nestle Crunch bar you never
had one are you guys starting your trick
or treating early yeah didn't have to
get out
okay anti-social just stay here and
trick-or-treat knock on our door and
then say thank you and leave and then
come back up the steps knock on our door
you know like a Nestle's crunch alright
this is a first and he's going to do my
makeup completely like completely I have
no makeup on I'm not dressing up as
anything Haley was supposed to get I
supposed to give Haley a bath when we
got home from the gym and wash her hair
but she immediately went upstairs to
have Anna do her makeup her Halloween
makeup without getting a bath first
so okay what are you doing behind me so
we are gonna go with a messy hair minion
Jean and worried about watching hmm
messy hair minion does not rhyme well
does a little I started em oh that
doesn't does it start with the same
thing doesn't make it right would you
and then after yet but this is the after
yay
before all right here we go that's what
guys gonna come behind me into the
reveal one two shake yes mister no
baloney did you make it but there's the
after all right it's picture time
be nice to each other yeah yeah sure
yeah Annie share your stuff over doesn't
she already have them on yes she's got
to get a little bit more on for pictures
cue the Halloween music
now you gotta hit your horse go get your
horse in the car come on cowgirl
oh let's do some pictures and then we'll
do some more videos or our friends are
gonna be at what accident am i doing I
don't even know we got some friends that
are coming to trick-or-treat with us
we've got Bella and family and Sydney
and family and we're gonna go
trick-or-treating and it's going to be a
blasty blast
my goodness yeah rough one it looks
really good I thought miss Katie's
makeup looks really good Annie did my
makeup they're gonna move right there
come on
we'll build a bridge it's for sale are
you serious okay we'll build you a
little what a tree house okay right in
the backyard all right now let me focus
on this who did your makeup your mother
oh my grandma your grandma did an
amazing job
oh my gosh so that is so adorable whose
idea was that who's getting credit me
and then we went on Tom didn't run it
because I'm the one who got her stuff
over 13 okay
that is cute like I need to I need one
with like what's it made of you can call
your seek but this is constructive a try
no this is a mock I meant like the tile
yeah Katie if you would watch the video
maybe should I should watch more said
nasty goal is that what you still thing
ready look at Bella I'm so excited -
yeah everybody's costume she's a bloody
cat being chased by really bloody see oh
yeah I can see it where's Luke we're not
here yet EJ's okay hey have you been
working out I like the beard I like this
little scrap you've got going on
Thanks perfect it makes you look a lot
older that's weird
it looks really real come back here cool
okay why is my flash not working I don't
know how to do this thing in black it's
going to like find us right when they're
done taking pictures we're gonna like
break it down your guys gonna like dance
it out we're dancing as a Cuban it's
cute dancing I'm loving this weather I'm
coming to trick-or-treat with you I
can't tell what's inside okay Catalan
sleeping it off for you guys to begin I
picked it up
I'm not trick-or-treating
it looks like it's lighter you're going
to normalize it's really hard like all
the street lights are lighting it up
yeah and literally creepy because you
have to Hector you have to identify
getting somebody who that lights pookie
it's so cool this is the house that
everybody goes to wants to go to every
year this is it listen to it it's spooky
look at Annie she's way over here away
from the spooky house no you if you are
trick-or-treating you have to go up
there by yourself to get it
what Oh it's projected on there
you're nervous
and he's backing away
how are you there we go
to me I think it's real and they just
have it love the hologram and leave it
hanging
what's wrong deuce deuce up oh no off to
a good start
the only thing that I got that I didn't
like strip all your Twix or Big O 30k
full-size candy bars haunted house guy
gave a full-sized push bar nice hey can
you hold it
I don't have it hold it thanks Oh find
anyone found clothes I guess in that
outfit girls yeah I'm a fireman
farmer Bob oh my gosh I was the dog okay
oh my god I'm like these bushes are like
something's in the bushes only the
cameras on my face like I was like oh
that was freaky
what's up she says she keeps saying
people from her school school and she's
in the huge box yeah a cute box it's not
cool I like I know this is a great
weather yeah look how much candy now I
might be too dark for that I got Junior
Mints cool him but
instead you can't see can see what's
wrong is it a real person where is that
a real person oh gosh no I don't think
are you sure
that's amazing
the foot uh-huh
Janice
uh you ran somebody over
so would your talked about that meant
that but I didn't see that but I can
have one medic back look he ran somebody
over oh my god there's a foot dog
Serrano foot you can supply a knee under
what is it Jana it's a skeleton running
on my orders i coli music can't you see
I got this when I go back so yeah we
even checked you're treating for like
maybe an hour and a half or so as you
can see it's darker now right I think
we're gonna head back soon but I think
this is the wrong way I'm just following
our group are we getting to get a car
we're gonna have to walk home walk dude
oh you had a choice to get in the car
miss Kim came by with a car all the way
back look how much fun yeah handy
everywhere oh yeah silly string what
that's a lot of peanut but she did she
got attacked my silly string barking
water cops like I like peanut butter
cups and butter fingers and um you know
what else peanut butter cups you trained
URI oh you're gonna willing to trade
pile oh thank you okay Haley whoo whoo I
know what the question of the day can be
I don't know if we're done filming but
let's answer the question of the day is
what is your favorite candy um
Hershey's with only her she was almond
pursing it out almonds
what you got Bella what do you think
favorite candy my favorite candy s3
I'm Raymond you like Mike and Ikes gummi
bears
creamy right what about you Jenna
Gracie's Reese's peanut butter cups look
at this pile you got it she's kind of
wall
I would trade that all right make a pile
of trading what is where you want to go
no fire pit yeah that's your portal
there is why you go by the fire
I'm going hey can you look like you have
a beard can you're gonna eat a few piece
of candy
it's like we came out why do you need
you brought my new blanket out here
baked potato baby
thanks for watching
Britt Ailey
