time for what Amy so this happened today
try them on Wow new glasses yeah they're
really in style nowadays it's called the
chewed up by a dog look well that stinks
you know why yeah here's another here's
one of the lenses those were like fairly
new which one of you was it let me see I
might see if we can get one of them to
admit to it hey first of all no dirty
bones on the couch you're lucky you guys
are even allowed on the couch no wait I
got a question
Piper did you do this Piper did you
Winnie did you do it
Winnie did you break the Winnie Piper
did you do it
they don't really actual guilty did you
do it don't act too guilty anymore do
they
I would like an answer which one of you
did it did you do this hi Barr did you
do it we don't have any guilty dogs
today sometimes it when they know they
did it they'll put their head down and
not look at you did you do it yes Winnie
well um yeah how are you gonna use these
they look really good on you
so I suppose we should go shopping for
new glasses again we see if the lens is
best up yeah I wonder if they could know
I was gonna say put this in a at least
one of them but they're just oh wait no
I can't tell
oh yeah there looks like there's a bite
mark on it so I'm gonna ask him if they
have like accidental I have insurance on
them
yeah did don't know of it leaving covers
dogs bad dogs she's like yeah pipe it
was bad you're right you just Oh hot
wedding Oh oppa Winnie oppa Winnie get
her Winnie get a mini give her a big
kiss well good morning to you too sir
what is it try it what is it oh don't
eat those don't taste them now you tell
them corn Oh for pizza and bacon there
is not Valerius that you thought it was
gonna be sweet what bird me get those oh
why would someone want these but how is
that know where'd we get them oh there's
some regular ones on there
and then your name screaming oh this is
pizza yeah limited different flavors yep
these pizza I gotta try it is it grace
that's not good
none of these are good hey dum-dums
people you're dum-dums
oh not nice house that one what is it
wait hold on
oh it's something really bad but they
still looking it yeah okay wait like I
have an idea a great idea what to get
that bad taste out of our mouth we need
to pull a mr. bolt Lee makes it better
so you're doing school so so set
everyone ever
he just said said no whenever okay and
you're almost done I'm gonna it's gonna
be a race
I mean I'm gonna drive the speed limit
so I'm not gonna be like a speed demon
you're not doing it all right okay
you're we're gonna see who gets done
first like do what am I gonna get back
with Chipotle first or are you gonna get
done with school before I get back okay
ready on your mark get set go hurry up
she's gonna be you so like a fast
forward bite another thing well you
better hurry up are you done
I where's mommy she's still gone so you
win in your faith mommy
you're changing now for the day okay I
hear you're going to get new glasses
okay go change for that sir car you lost
shit's done like now be okay no watch
this all right Haley mommy's trying to
find something you didn't do okay oh I
know yeah got another one
Thanks this our old old one I found it
upstairs the old although yes it's fine
hey yeah
charge ball ready huh turns go already
look look at Miss unhealthy it's my mom
and usually first time you have a pair
get us married it's the first time my
mom has ever ever ever packed visibly
with chocolate and from here technically
she's us marry this is what kaizen lon
I won't beat about half laps take a run
laughs yeah okay are you ready to lunch
one for luncheon
no no it's not one Oh
the hairs looking a little disheveled
around gives me a rash she's prosecute
this crusty it's like having a pit block
stuck to your head
thank you so so what's her name again
and you can kiss the rank nurse key okay
break time
ice all of us around here that don't do
anywhere we're gonna take these up high
glass place look guys I found the other
lens I only had one lens so I was very
excited today when we were in the
basement just now I found the other lens
so we're gonna see if they can go pop
the lenses into a new set but one lens
have a little bit of a like kind of a
scratch on it so I don't know if um
they'll work but maybe temporarily
they'll work while you wait order
something I think she wants some of your
snack you can't have chocolate Winnie oh
she almost fell Oh Winnie you know how
nervous I am on beams when Annie's on
the beam and she falls I gasp but I just
did the same gasp when you almost fell
don't like the beam okay so we also have
to go buy a suitcase I need a smaller
suitcase because my old suitcase broke
so now I need a new suitcase see how
that works not having good luck
everything's breaking new glasses
I bargain them till I get yep so we
ordered some new ones but they popped
her lenses her scratched up lenses into
a frame and they're going to let us
borrow this frame ordered some new ones
and now we are good to go guess what if
they had showed me those before I might
have ordered those letter I would but we
already ordered another pair okay here
we're gonna go do a little bit of
shopping up i below for except and now
we're shopping for suitcases next door
yeah I should get that yeah oh you
should get that No yeah help me
I can think of you and I look at that
the case well I need something slightly
bigger okay so do they have minions in a
bigger size I think that's the same size
oh hello
we're gonna clean up from us don't worry
guys I don't know I just need a way
girls she just must get home to play
with some toys
thank you should get this one it's a
mirror
like you get color boy tree I didn't
know what it's colorful
speaking of colorful look at this bad
boy we wouldn't be able to miss this one
on the skin it right we would see that
from a mile away
get it get it in Greenup feel it let's
open it up and see it's good if you can
fit in then it's possible tea here hello
daddy's calling me I'm gonna take this
phone call yeah buh shopping for
suitcases
Haley's testing them out daddy was
proctoring at the gym you're on speaker
say hi and we're filming she fits in the
suitcase so it it work
Oh guys see in a little bit.i daddy had
to watch the gym from you're not quite
in there no no you can squeeze out and
try again
okay duck your head
nope my doesn't fit you it has to be
able to fit a seven-year-old we want it
we won't explain why we're just kidding
so we're not stuffing humans and
suitcases
alright this size is perfect all right
let's find a good color although I'm
liking purple aquamarine purple and
green yeah
oh it could be fixed look it just came
out there's a zip tie I can fix that put
it right back in there good as new
we didn't break anything okay okay I did
not do that mommy move before the Aten I
think they all saw oh no no you should
watch it in slow-mo
the full costume it's come together and
when he's not too sure because there's a
horse in her house
Piper
yeah
not really
not particularly so tell me about it so
I did my makeup but this is how I was
gonna be cute okay so you just did like
a oh your eyes look good um a trial
it's okay winning it's not real a
run-through let's fix your collar yes
thank you and and the whole thing
nothing's missing pocket nothing is this
the tea majiggy I remember you talking
about that dis ting Caleb new are you
ever gonna read that nope nope just a
personal thing
hey David it's zero so we're good
at the funeral you want to keep it
private and not on YouTube okay so this
is the note where where I wrote Steph
about Caleb that I wanted to go in here
but I don't want to go up there so my my
granddad's record and one worth Haley's
anyone read mine and I wrote it and now
keeping it right he'll make sure that it
doesn't get washed that would not be
good bye my gosh from here up and mommy
when you want to smell you good now no
she'll chew that up
okay so I have cowboy boots I'm gonna
wear it like every day yeah cowboy boots
on and then I have overall gain overall
the tangka Thunder with the horsemen
with a purse and I haven't taken any of
the tags off just so you know I'm gonna
have my purse got some stuff in it and
then I have this kid plaid shirt tactic
still tagged there we go just anyways
and then I have my hair in pigtail and
lipstick eye shadow stuff like that uh
and I have my hat and then it's a
countin girl or really but I always have
the overalls I think it's kind of like a
farm girl farm girl
what's your favorite Halloween costume
so far ever of every anything you've
dressed up up you thinking this one
because all of my other ones I've
actually got bought at a store and then
really she put together all by ourselves
together are you looking at yourself in
line yet TV action I'm actually going to
do a tutorial how to do this makeup oh
yes I'm so excited you shaking your dog
out of the camera I'm not very nice so
any decide to spend the night at a
friend's house
so Hayley and I are going to do the
question of the day what would you
rather live on a remote island or a big
city
that's the question like an island
that's not like populated a very small
life I wouldn't want to get lost
but better
my husband live in a big city yeah
I would also rather live in a big city
remote irony alive well I don't think
he'd be loved like I would be with son
yeah me duh you'd be on the Rhode Island
with me so you would rather be in a big
city
EJ you ready to go to bed tonight
what do you fixing me for breakfast in
the morning
who's fixing who then who's fixing it
Namie you yeah you hey mommy
then you and what are you guys fixing me
yes all right so don't forget to comment
down below cuz we wanna know question of
the day yes what you matter be on a
remote island or a big city hey bye see
you tomorrow
baked potato babe
thanks for watching bruh tailee
