time for Latini morning friends friends
in the kitchen and friends watching what
said morning
are you tired we got a little tiredness
going on a little testing
she's quite got a little testing going
on what I that's why I said I say Annie
Ord I say Haley oh I know who you are I
promise
Haley's doing a Testament Shh I'll go
talk to you don't whine both schools
more edgy
you're fidgety we'll get up and walk
around her quick side yeah we got a busy
day and we've got school to get done and
then we all go to go out to lunch and
then we've got dance and then we've got
gymnastics are you rolling your eyes
about gymnastics or are you just looking
up I couldn't oh it's all about not
wanting to scream she's got a finish no
we're gonna leave you alone so you can
finish
oh oh my goodness I don't know if I've
ever seen you throw a fit about school
do you want to take a little break no
you don't want to take a break and you
don't want to do school okay so you want
to snap your finger and be done
you're usually really good about doing
school not today
I'm just having a bad day will it be
better when schools that were you gonna
punch
okay we're gonna leave this Annie and
her violent Oh violent self alone Winnie
Winnie you want to show your bear that
you got from the hospital you already
showed your bear I don't remember that
ladies at the hospital when we were
there yeah gave the girls a bear and he
got one Haley got one and Katie got one
while we were oh we gonna the hospital
okay does that make it better you cold
want to take your jacket off and stay
away you're good okay
yes all right guys we'll check in later
- look Wow can you lean forward normal
wars and
daddy's making an ego in normal voice
you guys are annoying daddy watches that
daddy's annoyed face they wanted to be
the more Enda a normal voice this is all
going in the video
and I can create
like that's the old one and I see my
face it's in the car hasn't been synced
let me see I can't think now it's all a
blank oh oh what is that face is he
making it oh this one Amell before
oh my boy
Agastya Oh cute I love that feature
and my favorite wasn't supposed to come
to
is seven I'm not your on don't worry but
we haven't told anybody we were leaving
my may I was going to get
okay
my fame case will be the time today
tomorrow
and we were gonna film
got canceled yeah
you want we have a trip coming up after
Inez first meet we leave for a trip that
was planned a long time ago and we just
recently decided as a family that we
were still going to go right
yeah there's a company there just a prot
you can't speak Japanese well I am
surprised arson going with us
you guys know her it's a girl that's
your hint and she's gonna go with us you
know they have to go yes you have to
wait to see and you have to wait to see
what we're doing and keep silly human
hands
oh and yet
which one we hear but you have to edit
that out so Andy's phone the reason she
need an upgrade is because what show on
the button that doesn't work anymore
but sometimes it works in sometimes ever
yeah won't turn on
not on filming you I didn't think even
knew I was filming hey I always know
when you're feeling really irritation or
Jam because pajama day let's see see
I saw him come back mary-kate he liked
that dad
wear her pajamas oh nice mary-kate I've
seen those zebra pajamas before where
was he when she was when we were there
last time she was wearing them yeah yeah
someone at animals the school recognized
aunt Melissa from our videos is that
crazy I was excited to see aunt Melissa
what you say what thanks for saying hi
whoever you are
mommy can I am bread jelly bread and
jelly well when you're done face to face
time I don't know if they want to watch
you make your bread and jelly while you
FaceTime them mary-kate probably will
we've got some company here we'll set up
except she did a little chatting and
Annie's got a room for Gnostics and
she's super excited to find these enough
in a dream to open them
she's obsessed this is not an ad for Z
bars but she loves them we can't even or
what anything I own open this now are
happy but yes you can have them you can
so this is what Annie has discovered
from Katie and Katie introduced her
these actually you know it's better to
have these before gymnastic not after
Apple what's wrong I just look we're
just chatted up with George you're not
you're muted Eddie he can you he can
hear you
okay your uten did you just say oh my
french fries adores bad lip reading hold
on it's Rick oh he was not muted he we
had a volume turned down now you
everybody queue up with you guys I just
sit around practicing the John Hancock
well you get to see us now even if it is
in a little box
bye-bye oh I'm you did you owe any here
because mommy's doing voiceovers in the
other room but hash be completely silent
she's gonna make
I'm not gonna sneak in there hopefully I
don't get in trouble from the Saudis of
smelly next you find out and and my hate
the stuff called potpourri from the
smokey to the smelly next we find out
the ants and mice hate this stuff called
potpourri
that's not um awkward can you mess me up
so Jesse guys know what the whole thing
we decided that we are going to to
continually um the bratayley makes
history just so you guys know and guess
why I'm so much fun even wanna see my
own my case my like real case will be
coming tomorrow right well but this is
just so if I drop it it's not going to
like break
okay we're good Yeah right show you
what's on my phone so it's this case
about a half light it's gonna be like
white here and you can see the rose gold
could be white and it almost reminds me
of a fishy thing a dream great driven
pictures and also a steel like my grade
in it and you can see the rascal and
bidding on some other gopis help it um
Brett oh my gosh
and then I have you saw the beginning
this Oh boring me more boring and stuff
like that
hey guys so I'm upstairs in Hailey's
room with Hailey and it's time to crush
the day my dad took the questions mail
and it is do you think that time the
truth is always right even if it hurts
someone's feelings
yeah I think it is I actually think it's
not because like you wouldn't go up to
someone and say Oh your breath smells
bad even if it's the truth but that
would be like mean you're hurting their
feelings yeah it's the truth but you
would your breath smells bad
wouldn't you be hurt by that if someone
just came up to you and said that you'd
be like why would you say that to
someone no I would be thanks for telling
me any I know you're right by me Oh
so anyways and you know how we were
talking about going on at the trip
thingamajiggy well I thought of a plan
that we put caleb no you have mommies no
love how you are and we are going that
to put a picture Caleb into a picture
frame and bring it with us everywhere we
go and this is it so sparkly picture
frame held all right mmm don't forget
the homie down below because we want to
know the Christian way yes do you think
that telling truth is always right even
if it hurt someone's feelings
dang baby
thanks for watching Britt Ailey
