time for look Amy I am so proud of you
can you pause it for a second and I'm
going to tell everybody why I'm so proud
of you so Haley and I are just hanging
out in the house she's doing some riding
daddy went to work for the first time
back um I'm doing my editing so things
are getting back to normal as they can
but why I'm proud of Haley is because
she can tell the story when you know why
I'm brought or do you know why I'm proud
of you Haley asked you'll know what what
you got it I could do two days in one
day it to days of school today why do
you want to do two days today because
5:30 but since it's almost Halloween
we're doing this like Halloween party
it's family
gymnastics we're just having fun a lot
of fun cuz it's the Halloween party em
and we gotta get there five so that adds
that's really for me and so she just
wants to have the day off tomorrow yeah
so she can get ready for her Halloween
party so as you're doing two days today
that's very responsible what are you
learning about now
what are you learning about now yes
state America the States of America um
where do you want to go weren't you just
talk about where you wanted to go I'm
gonna Texas worse Texas and what's so
special about Texas yeah do you know
where Annie and Caleb are born like yeah
Georgia do you know where Georgia is no
it's right there there it is learn about
these states the orange or the pink one
that's Kansas that's Oklahoma oh geez
we're gonna do a mall yeah why don't you
just sing the white you just sing the
song do you know it yeah what is this
service Alabama Alabama and Alaska
Arizona Arkansas California Colorado and
Connecticut and more - no they're not an
order a self abet achill they're not an
order on there whatever save Alabama
will be here all day we do that yeah at
Alaska
good job ah-ha-ha-ha-ha what happened
hey huh your tooth do you have another
loose tooth
Haley you can't lose another one and you
know what you did not add two you have
two Wiggly ones Haley boy you're not
gonna have any teeth left
this one's loose up here I know for sure
cuz it's sticking out and this way do it
I'm gonna pull it out it seems like a
flutter you're the would know you didn't
is it good you're in a goofy kind of
mood l don't pull it out
no no how Wiggly is it this one is ready
oh why you can't vote ezel I know I
don't like to pull teeth out you have
how many teeth that aren't grown in
three hmm two on the top and one on the
bottom
yeah this little guy finally grew in
it's like look how big it is now really
one is missing over here you've got one
missing let me see
over here you've got one missing I'm
down there
lady where my other one you said - oh no
this one's not missing is it is this one
over here yeah so yeah sorry two on the
top I'm one on the bottom
okay how do you feel about braces this
one last you feel that you're gonna be
okay if you have braces one day so we
got Annie a barn beam when she started
competing so today we are putting
together
her Haley's floor beam mr there's the
legs and here's the bar and that's part
of her floor beam so we're putting that
together for her to have equipment to
play on when she's at home okay so
here's the beam we're don't have the
mats for the beam yet they're coming
tomorrow I think let's go ahead and call
her down anyway
okay ready daddy are you ready hmm one
two three my ghoul look over here and
off the house are coming okay he odd
match formats are coming bigger match
for the beam coming and we're going to
get some more match for the bar is that
it's great isn't it
now that you're a competitive gymnast we
figured you needed some stuff exactly
yeah I can teach you all the same thing
they taught Annie you know right hottie
any shoot through Mel circle decimal
front hip circle you didn't know I know
okay now you do pull over very good play
egg
you just got to keep Danielle hey yeah
yeah yeah like that happen all right
just go get some lunch
she ate a little something while you
were setting this up so she's not
starving but we're starving roses are
weird but like I film your legs it's
like that's crazy now did you get them
from the same reasons I don't hate Ian
and he said um oh my oh my you know what
else is crazy you're wearing the same
Leo's might I know it's a Monday Liam
yes okay you flew it pretty good make it
I'm protecting this corner okay
only threaded be ready nice but I don't
think I like I think my videoing was off
but that's okay I was on there was on
there enough this wasn't perfect nice
even morning roomie oh yeah don't forget
that meets coming up oh my gosh nice
yeah
so I thought of competition beam was 12
feet so we ordered 12 feet of beam and
they get here like this is short that
still but you guys are now informing
that at 16 oh yeah I thought it was four
interests wide 4 feet high and 12 long
more behind it is 14 how it is no exact
year so I made things up clearly really
guys I hate mommy can you watch me okay
but you made what yes I got your yes oh
wait good Haley good try look if I come
here I can see everything except we
gotta clear everything else out big
extended glide hey nice not bad I know
that's why she walked back over here to
you nice
watch this coachman yeah we were full
turned or not easy on there oh we were
and look at our hair doesn't it it's
beautiful just get it all down my skin
the cat suggestion in your kit
try to various go all help sweep your
tofu bar oh if that makes any sense at
all remember let's are you like a long
glide back walker back handspring
did you see why they need a bigger
extension for the like okay you guys go
so do you approve of the mat I mean does
it give enough cushion okay good
Oh scared there peoples of the world
really the world but still there's half
a question today which is would you
rather be attacked by a bear or swarm of
bees ah love noclip probably the bit
numb mmm probably the bear no just cuz
it gets over with them no no because
Annie hmm
bees don't kill you yeah I do
no they don't a little day they die we
don't know we do if there's a bunch of
II what about this two horses would you
have they be attacked by a bear or swarm
of bees it's just like a million bar I
too bad mmm so number get to calm down
below close do you wanna know the
question today is would you rather get
be attacked by a bear or a swarm of bees
tomorrow babe
thanks for watching
Britt Ailey
