well good morning everybody good morning
mommy we are up bright and early we've
been up since 5:30 it's now 6:15 the
girls are looking over their lines for
the day because they're both on set
today all day we got to be there at 7:30
and 8:00 these are everything for today
how many pages Annie's got like five
over there and these two like seven
pages so that's what's being filmed
today and that's what's going on guys
Haley's got a towel on my pillow because
her hair is wet but she was laying down
I'm not gonna show it calmed they
freaked out when they think I'm gonna
give something away they don't want it
to be our video that leaks it but anyway
huh they don't babysit me it might be so
yeah okay she wants to lay down she
doesn't soak my pillow but I'm not gonna
be in it till tonight so I'm sure it'll
dry by then so we're leaving here in
about 15 minutes and that's what's going
on we're all gonna be on set all day
stay tuned this is the part where we
wait for everybody to get to the door
backpacks school it's happening today
you guys look more tight while you don't
but you look more tired now then yeah
yeah all right I thought you're getting
a blanket changed your mind would you
hate where that happens
I got you hey I got you
you just hold the scripts okay princess
you don't know where a blanket is we've
got like 10 blankets in this house at
least in the cabinet I fold them up and
I put them in the cabinet well look at
that that's crazy
see you guys almost every morning we all
wait over here one or two of us for the
other one or two of us usually or three
of us okay let's go friends a lot
okay so the story back there it is the
story behind it was we pulled up and we
weren't ready so we're like one second
let us look at the mini print and then
we've been ready for like three minutes
and like they're not answered Eddy order
he ordered a large dr. pepper and he's
like Oh wah nothing forget it clean your
ears how cute they are back there they
don't have chocolate melt Haley what's
the other drink Oh apple juice okay do
you want something
do they have it can I get a number 24
what do they have regular milk present
sure try that regular milk do you have
apple juice we good I think we're good
okay that's it so we had some extra time
to kill the Kedar early which is always
a good thing so we're almost we're
almost where we need to be yes Annie and
so we just decided to kill no because
we're not we're not parking at we're
filming at a house today and we're not
parking at the house I'm gonna start
telling her I don't have a call time in
your call times at 12 so I'm not taking
you
you want to do you want to bring them
home with you sleep upstairs and every
morning you just walk in there and then
Soviet told you just start while you're
still sleeping and she has no shoes but
hey hey the good thing is you're in your
house you don't wear shoes in the health
so gorgeous no shoes
but so your face doesn't move face spray
this is this is when Indiana reach your
script for the first time don't tell
people that it's a weird outfit for set
she's like who would ever wear this
other than actually me that's why they
don't let her bring her own clothes
because they're like no one would wear
them her character would wear nothing
but sweatpants xxxii mysteries on break
I think it's a break time so the set
teacher is reading a mystery to them and
they're all up there listening that's
adorable and Hayley apparently isn't
paying attention to any of it I think
I'll solve the mystery do you think
they'll solve the mystery did you hear
it all you heard was photograph right
yeah
solution he didn't see us Darwin that's
a wrap on Haley she's apparently too
lazy to go and change in the restroom so
she's teaching us the ways of no no
that's theirs go take that back towards
how do you feel right now that everybody
up is wrapped except for you everybody
and everybody that was here this morning
is wrapped use me do you just want to
quit right now let's just go home thirty
minutes that's what it's about
that's what it's about all about to go
home earlier she's not going anywhere
with you it's all about how bear they
feel they're being treated how did you
do wait are you changing again what Wow
are you having fun and that's on
backwards that's the point
oh that's cute
this is for being my blog camera not
funny was just a prank
what are you two doing I mean you're
over here too
how you doing but these two have been
running around like crazy and hey we
have having deep conversations about
games what game no we like playing go
t2k that DK we haven't even said what
he's doing oh yeah no she was playing -
Kay
she didn't he didn't know you were
playing we've been doing what's your
biggest fear with all we're just always
biggest fear is elevators no she said
she said trees trees yeah because she's
done oh yeah I remember that fake time a
tree fell on an ankle under like a whole
tree or a branch
yeah like that one she literally rode
yeah and then Eve is when people chew
with their mouths oh yeah explain what
that D was yeah I feel like elevators
are your biggest fear right now without
your favorite animal um oh God
hello guys I'm in my comfy clothes I'm
wrapped I'm in a hammock
and with the pool that's really cool and
then like dr. pepper
so we were playing werewolf and check on
you later
everybody's rap except Hayden but he did
get here delay doesn't so I did
something and then everyone to rap and
then I did something again and then
everyone next yep I didn't feel a long
day no you haven't
he only had one scene actually I had a
stand over there for like five seconds
yes you stood in because Annie was rap
yep that's a lot too
really yeah she's right
everybody dropped Hayden's got one more
scene God hate and we're always beating
on Hayden that's just one one one little
thing that we don't want to talk about
yep I mean it's not that important but
you know try not to talk about anything
what are you doing how today go hot
today go long and it's not over we're
going into the studio I think to do a
little bit more from yesterday and Haley
gets to go with us today what we're
taking a knee back to the studio for
some like cut and this is trust fall
Freddie didn't scare anything out of him
it just scared him luckily we didn't
have the bleep mr. Jimmy today it's a
good day when you don't have to bleep
somebody
you say sorry sorry for hip not hitting
you stop keep peeking Haley Jimmy okay
she thinks she's funny update my friends
okay alright we sent Annie with yes
exactly
but why are we talking like a baby okay
we sent Annie with Hayden to mr. Jimmy
to go back to the studio because they've
got a few more things to do on the stuff
they're working on yesterday we're
sitting in the van waiting here for a
ride
why are you fake picking your nose a
ride to come pick up daddy and Haley
because she's tired and she wants to go
home and then I'm gonna go drive to the
studio to get Annie and hopefully I'm
hoping they're gonna be done by the time
I show up and then we're all gonna end
up at the house and that is what's gonna
happen it was the first day back of
filming how did you do you had like four
scenes with a whole bunch of mine tired
and I don't know call times for tomorrow
yet and that is what is going on here do
you guys want to event of an tour let's
see what we can find in the bratayley
van a jean jacket a backpack a couple
scripts
oh if anybody needs a Santa costume a
Santa onesie we've got to don't worry
but wait there's more a sky Zone suck oh
yes we have a big pack of them an empty
frappe sure
okay we've got what else is back there I
guess that's it we got a Haley and a
blanket huh we've got a straw just in
case that's what we got going on
oh wait wait there's more my shoe I know
that are my faves one of my faves what
else is under there some trash it's
actually not that bad I mean it's not a
lot of trash it's a lot of stuff that we
need to get out alright well thanks for
tuning in this long don't worry the
video is not over you don't have
internet on that computer okay
okay also we are done recording and
Havens going in there so we're done
recording and I'm so tired I woke up at
5:00 this morning
and I've got a 10 o'clock call time
which is not bad but yeah I'm not going
so I'm gonna be there okay so that's
pretty much it oh I got you plug that
Murch bratayley calms me and we're home
guys I cannot control this blurry camera
today
tell me how you really feel Annie but
she wants to go in and watch Mean Girls
for some reason why do you want to
you're tired why do you want to watch a
movie what whoa do you remember one and
on Wednesdays we wear pink and she's
silly wait you're like paid right now
what is that a quote
okay we're standing in the hole because
I can't find my keys I can't find my
keys wait yeah all right I found them
all right guys we got this door keeps
getting stuck usually we get the
elevator
wait no one's on the elevator but we got
in the hallway and like yeah yeah we
heard a noise outside honey honey's she
asleep are she faking little honey
Wow what this is why I don't share a
bathroom okay this is your bathroom so
you do share a bathroom with her you see
that she probably showered and then did
that where you have to wipe it and there
was my soap or something I don't want to
share a bathroom well look at that look
at that oh there's daddy trying to
figure out if Haley's asleep or not hi
Haley I missed you for those about our
Oh your ha Haley I'm gonna turn the fan
on you're like burning up in here there
we go
did you and Daddy have fun a blasty
blast look Haley's room stand pretty
clean right now
very exciting there's something on the
floor over there but that's okay okay oh
so I'm in Hailey's room and she is
pretty much asleep it's time for cooking
today we got home and Alice our hand
yeah no lightning is oh she's crouching
so yeah that's what is happening and
question the day is what's your favorite
thing in your room right now and my
favorite thing in my room right now
would probably be right now is probably
my bed because I want to go at it don't
forget commonlook tuna Christmas Day is
what did you give anything in your room
right now bye guys see you tomorrow
bonus footage cuz look how cute these
two are they're playing a little bit of
2k I still haven't figured out why they
only call it 2k Heisley I understand
it's 2k 18 but couldn't Madden be 2k but
isn't there a matte in 2018 or 2017 I
call it matter
they wouldn't call us NBA they should if
they're calling Madden Madden all right
well I just wanted to show how cute the
daddy-daughter bonding is playing video
games together you've never played this
game you played any of the Dino ever in
your whole entire existence yeah that
was all right well I hope you enjoyed
the update I'm sure it's gonna be
adorable but I'm going to bed so
goodnight for a second time everybody
thanks for watching
Vitaliy
