hi for me
heydon't yes
getting gymnastics trust cuz look what's
on your dog like there's lots of them
what it's probably like Devils of
everything so you can put them in a lot
of places you can put them on your desk
you put on your wall and you can put a
like your lay up shade oh yeah yeah then
you'll put them outside
yeah you wouldn't get a shoot'em visit
that tape hmm mice probably don't stay
so oh yeah see and you thought you
wanted to take that places with you too
big long as I had a smaller one a
Friendly's travel
very important to lock all your makeup
up makeup station so when are you going
to start doing makeup videos oh I'm
gonna try to do one tonight I always
like hmm only you had a bathroom okay
but you got to go mommy just started the
car she's leaving she go to gymnastics
without you behind a picture something
like that
no not hidden like that just okay
nobody's gonna steal your makeup
hailey won't what if she watches this
video okay let's turn the camera off and
then you can item
when he's a big scaredy-cat hey Winnie
show them how scared you are it'll hold
us hey Lee
Hey got my camera my big camera out I'm
taking patters and when he doesn't like
it
well I'm going to say
oh she's getting ready are you scared of
the camera your spear the good camera
what you're a scaredy-cat you're scared
of everything
but you're not scared of the robotic
vacuum now
your roof the goofy goofy all right
Haley you ready to go get some pictures
taken never are they gonna say yes you
just had a snack why are you attacking
her Piper yeah you're going to Froyo yet
later so we are taking pictures
yep my mistake but that is not a tree to
climb Wow can you go higher can you go
that was it don't look good you all
right we need to go where the light is
the bad one all right so I think the
lights really pretty here testing out
the light where do you think Hey
taken some fall pictures but you know
the trees haven't really changed
completely
oh the where the sun's peeking in here
might be good oh yeah I found it I found
it Haley that's a spider web please be
careful oh my gosh
you almost got in that it's not doing
there hey let's wanna you know the doc
what you think good light over here
hello that how about that all right
let's try we will try to post some of
these pictures we get some good ones
right yeah if you're cute enough yeah
yeah you think so yeah thinking a be
cute enough yeah show me your best cute
face
that is so cute all right if she's cute
enough then you'll see some what that
fun do I take a million are you ready to
go in yeah all right you ready to ride
your horsey in nope really put your
weight on come on
giddyup whinny giddyup all right Oh
smell step in the poop okay
that's enough for that fun hey that's
mine that was your puppet wasn't it
distance I probably took oh the lights
really good here can we stop and take
some pictures real quick come here after
you climb the tree right here you can
see it in the camera when it does
beautiful thing yeah more picture we're
back inside and we're loading the
pictures on to the computer Haley's
playing in some makeup and
don't want to tell her this number right
here that's how many pictures we took oh
it's okay oh hello Winnie when he wants
to help sort pictures mommy hang on let
it focus okay shh don't tell Haylee how
many pictures we took colony sounds a
big number
what tell me guess 904 you saw it
949 pictures we just took I bet yeah I
got like re 10 or 20 good ones out of
that many are you kidding me I'm not
kidding let's lomi are you said like we
were out there for we wanted to go out
for 10 or 20 minutes I think we were out
there for 30 or 45 minutes are you
kidding me because then at the very end
we had some really good light right and
we jumped by the tree and took pictures
for like five more minutes
hey Lee wants to do my makeup syllabus
this is all the light makeup like old ah
did you just say I look good and it
almost falsify decision okay you know
it's all about confidence but not paying
overly confident my friend here we're
done yeah this is don't this this is jab
sink it's not really that color ah you
don't know hello excuse me well let's
see how we look I'm not even in the
picture I'm not even done wait I don't
know mate gasps okay
you are addressed I'm not dressed yet
yeah what yes
you're changing clothes you're such a
girl
girls Wow hmm I'm done my look you
got some bobby pins and hit the side too
probably gonna turn and some glitter
glitter I'm not I gotta see my glitter
all over me
we are sparkling and yeah I put my hair
back up and by the way that pink is ask
me a really dark paint really dark pink
on me sure
what and it's need us no I need the
close-up shot hey mommy
yeah I'm still going through a 949
photos here I like this one
thank you sir we got some good ones of
the dog and Haley giggle okay one dog
cuz Piper was not posing
anyway we gonna do a more I shall we uh
what's your favorite color I don't need
any more eyes no no no no I'm you sir
you you have you have you guys like it a
white on I have I feel like glitter in
my lips that's because I put like the
leather on your lips color pink oh okay
no you don't get the C out I'm gonna
watch this okay close your eyes thank
you up I wanna now okay Oh close your
eyes it looks good prom
yep promise you're not saying hey I can
do something here I'm gonna do this
color that is going up what no it's the
skin color view oh why didn't you say so
it will match to your shirt is it brown
I mean is it black it's like a smokey
eye Barry I'll get it yeah okay the
fun's over
okay like that oh yeah my nails need to
be done okay
stop it no no yeah okay fine
hello hello hi friends
what's what's going on is that like the
most popular app right now or you think
there's something else more popular than
wishbone okay
Etsy like the place where you can go
shop for cool personal law I guess not
personalized but you know what I meant
right Etsy huh I've never been on that
up why so sad Haley why she's so sad
Annie what'd you do
hmm she's sad that Sid had to go home
wrong road he took the wrong turn you're
in the dirt on him to get to lives house
I live in the back of a forest the back
of the forest it's really dark there's
like no lights I'm just saying I've
never took taken a wrong turn to your
house guess what how many times have
people been in the sea beside you with
the light on Oh guess what what we have
upgraded to one light in or near it you
have a light in your neighbor who lights
right back there like a streetlight
doesn't even work well but it's there
yeah at least it's there it will work
eventually once I change the light bulbs
this is right yeah we're a horrible
complete we've dropped everybody off
safely lives left
we pulled car get out
see this is why that's right it's like
okay cameras off kid yeah out of my car
you guys can keep my stuff okay okay
we'll send it to you why do you have
words for your boomer team tonight
remember not remember that like if I'm
not like focusing yarn like okay hidden
or it like I actually have to think of
all my dancing is like because this
really helps me if I save this in my
hand hand like I pretend like I'm not
doing the bat in the first seconds ring
I pretend what you're doing handstand
see my second foot back handspring
sounds like a handstand back handspring
attack so these are words you're saying
add you're doing monetary routine in
your head read it to me
these will make sense after I type it
and I show it to you guys like my actual
gamer team because it doesn't make sense
right now prison breathe my position
melt now and I have to make sure my hips
are above my toes and even so I've got
hips turn extend swing needle 1 2 pop
pop
up in fish step flick flick step kick
prepare stop the side turn and then kick
no plea I finish try that side kick plie
finish what is it okay okay
plie finish kick hands step together
breathe hands dance spot my hands break
crown flare prance prance open look open
look
step together split jump beat jump
well Beach up flash 3/4 split jump be
jump down step cross shift pivot push
heart big
Det v step prepare
step hurdle look tat like look for my
feet on the beach
tuck and stick finish present smile is
that help so your mind doesn't wander at
all have you ever let your mind wander
on the beam and what happens well net
like it kind of gives your attention and
we fall off to be real like wait what
did I just deal with my skill you're
like oh what would I normally fall on
and then you just like so it helps to
say those words and it's like not
nervous
breathe and it's just like okay Hanson
come on you have to get into a handstand
right cool hello peoples of the world
gnarly world of any peoples hello people
of the people's Oh it it's half
efficient today and my mouth is really
meant to because I just broke my teeth
and everybody dumb yeah Sehun so
question today is what's a favorite
smell / scent and this was not suggested
by anybody because times I put my
favorite scent or inflectional is my
punky
I smell Bella my lips my favorite smell
it's from a flower
well far it's from a rose if you smell
really hardly you can spell a really
beautiful smell
I also like to smell and there was like
this fake flower that Haley got oh yeah
mmm is not so good it was really strong
though don't force it don't forget to
come to the maloca we want look that
question of the day is what is your
favorite snow
Oh flash sick bye-bye hey babe
thanks for watching
bratayley
