time for me so we are going to gym me
and daddy because Annie and mommy and
daddy are gonna like daddy's gonna come
with Annie and daddy get to pick me up
and then we're gonna do horseback riding
yay
so I got other clothes in there yeah you
ready for some gymnastics alright see
you in a week
- sure cubby so we don't forget it
Gold Mary hi give us an update whoa you
look like out there looks really cool
it's like I'll be flying there
then just hang keep going
whoa whoa whoa whoa
if I said you were going buddy back
riding you would have been flipping
right anyways really who's forgetting
it's a good game we go with purple I
have a hat right here and I'm gonna eat
any stuff how long my hair is getting I
mean good mean we go long inning what No
there's no anger anyone right now night
mommy's taking me so I could just push
the button it's a pain horse there's a
lot of horses here this is awkward
there isn't a horse are you excited a
nice up
okay now there's some on the Left
there's a ride
there's one oh just like the white ones
cuz she's afraid she's gonna get them
dirty something I gosh you look like a
unicorn go hope there they are I see
Bella and may important I really wanna
get out of it karma dude we should
probably use your manners that won't
happen
yeah big donkeys me a lyrical bet this
one no yeah they're hungry this there's
another one kinda eat really good oh my
god just watch you can't you just do
love it Pringles Pringles just make that
up right now
Bella's dad is silly
yeah you should hold it Pringle and hi
miss Kim
that's Reggie Miss Kim made Annie's day
beautiful out here ready to go with the
painted whore huh huh that's my heart
really paint all right because he's
Russia really he's resting one leg -
it's your feet rolling like this
I do look like that's right he's sunny
they're beautiful hey stinker stinker
you can I get a hug he's nothing stop
you tried it with some toad you don't be
calm down three those cold eggs oh oh
that's not God I stuffy we gotta go I'm
on earth my horse is little thirsty oh
my goodness
Haley got a horse I don't know I don't
know I'm not gonna make it go I'm gonna
hang here near my horse my horse is
dreamer Haley what's your horse's name
you forgot Tom you don't remember we'll
find out
so I fell and I just learned that we
both thought that horses like would
drink with their like a dog but they
don't they like sucking up ass with like
a straw without a straw it's crazy I
think it is what does the Badger who I
am oneness Oh did no come on dreamer
where are we gonna go really tall you do
have a tall horse nice pretty name of
course you named a horse because you
don't Danny's horse's ego
what is zipper zipper what's yours is it
worth no she can't remember her so she
said it maybe woody something W
something with the W tundle unbundle on
Don Dolan Dolan Dolan
the girls are behind us I can't film
them the horses picked their order and
that's the order we're in how was it on
Willow like an hour trail ride you have
fun that was super fun I don't know 1 2
3 4 5 6 7 8 9 you Tony crane ball we're
20 of your tybo - oh yeah - 1 2 3 4
whore ah 1 2
three oh three one two four five six
seven oh one two three oh one two three
four five six seven eight nine one three
four we're not gonna we're blinded from
the light right now it's the question of
the day who is someone in history that
you'd like to befriend someone in
history you'd like to be friends with
loving it is Deborah Sampson small my
pictures molly Pitcher
okay several Ludington molly Pitcher oh
wait whoa oh I suppose darkness there's
a barks Deborah Sampson right we can't
let us I can say bye oh that's so weird
is sometimes do that now James McCann is
like hey ah babe babe thanks for
watching
Britt Ailey
