no more Eevee yesterday I admitted why
we were not why she wasn't gonna be Evie
I gave him said she was if she changed
her mind
and she had to buy her costume but you
know can't make her use her own money I
knew we were getting the Halloween
costume way too early that's the problem
right it's all backwards goofy next time
we're gonna make a rule that we don't
get a Halloween costume until at least
like October because Hayley will change
her we had to get all the Halloween
party no no no that was Phoebe remember
we bought Evie not the pirate uh yeah
you could have just been a pirate I know
you have a pirate ghost
oh you could wear the mask like Caleb or
that mask was hilarious gonna be a sea
pirate
you will it's okay to say now he was
funny in that mask
remember how creepy was being when we
were filming what was he doing just
standing there like as it's like a
statue and people were walking by and
staring was crazy but imagine the man on
sort of lying behind me it looks like a
nice flag to go back there's a devil
thank you
shopping Danny had this mask remember
when Danny did this buddy and Caleb
looks like Dracula and you were Frankie
Stein and I'm gonna nailed it there
that's pretty much the video about
everything
oh that will be wait wait daddy daddy I
am you what's up man all right look
somebody could be Haley
don't what much different like your
color hair and it's curly somebody needs
to be Hayley for Halloween and send me a
picture okay got a party city get this
hat the jailbird troublemaker cutie all
right so the question was doing
something scary or something fun and
cute
all right so bad news we settled on a
zebra really cute zebra costume and then
they didn't have her size not fair
there and I don't like it very much
because it's edgy what would Paige thing
I think he would love it send it send it
to her I'll send you in that costume to
her know you're a bear okay how do I
take stop every smile so she don't like
we're getting a tour of Danielle's room
of Danielle's room
but aren't you facetiming mary-kate
mm-hmm she's giving them hey Mary Kay
blows eyes open why are you in
Danielle's room cuz we're giving a house
tour oh this is do G do G yep again a
cat GOG the lovely Buckley Buckley Mugen
I can't see but clean oh did yell cats
are gonna be on YouTube she'll be so
happy there
hello the cats are gonna be YouTube
famous DoD and Buckley Danielle's
favorite cut Oh favorite I like the og
better yeah
I think you'll like Buckley better
because Buckley's kind of laid-back but
also a jerk okay so have you seen that
video where that cats on the edge of the
counter mmm and then the girls like no
and the cat just looks at the lady and
then pushes the glass yeah yeah I saw
that
okay that is like do G exactly like that
detail had a cup on her table and dlg go
on Danielle and then he was dude he was
trying to push it off the dude it was
like no and then he looks straight dead
and Danielle's I pushed it off that's
funny
honestly because I don't think y'all
want to see it probably not yeah oh
that's lovely
all right you guys have to thought with
the house tour I've got laundry to do I
know I know you guys are jealous jealous
of my laundry pile mount laundry hey
guys it's time for the question new key
what love above above about Mary don't
do that so the question today is if you
can live in a house shaped like anything
what would it be
Annie and I'm going with him well look
that light okay I'll go first to go so I
keep like this because I have example I
want it like hurry a little custody of
shape yeah I know and this is a triangle
so you want it to be a triangle can't be
like a rectangle then a triangle has to
be just a triangle like this like the
rooftop mmm she wants a trying okay
hurt me I won several hey Hart I'm just
gonna I kind of want to star Oh star no
I don't want a rectangle like no I want
to cylinder I'm going cylinder you're a
cylinder see there cylinder or star so
don't forget to come to me later kiss me
when an air to wash another die yes you
could live in any shaped know any house
shaped like anything what huh what would
it be I see my baked potato babe I
thanks for watching
bruh tailee
