time for what tell me what is working
today so we're sitting in her beeper
things are giving some doggie ice cream
and some pork oh poor poor pork pulled
pork inside and we were going to sing
happy birthday so don't put it down yes
happy birthday to you happy birthday to
you when he is one today got the best
ice cream ever
hmm this doggy ice cream just for the
record mmm peanut butter ice cream left
the good you got invited to the party
you did that was nice what are you doing
yeah it's a little loud with doggies
eating ice cream in here it hard to
concentrate definitely really hard hugs
table you're asking the question how old
are you what your science project um
mammals no I messed up on that one
oh sorry gotta push the button halfway
down
well some of that light settings might
be off in taking I'm filming you taking
pictures
you guys ready to go get someone to drop
to everybody off the airport now we're
gonna make Katie and friends know Katie
Katie and family I should say by this is
not working
you all show you later how to take some
pictures if you can't was working
thought that she doesn't know use it
it's the how do you put this thing back
in director barely did it
I'm so good at this
how did you do that like her higher we
which she wanted it side pieces twisted
we twisted them turn around and we put
some barrettes in and then the back was
just hanging she said try to braid it so
I buried a bit of work Dan my hairdo
that is too short I can get Ryan Bray
let's do sure
I forget a hair salon I - are you are
you might want to wear their sunglasses
on your eyes when you're out in the Sun
I know I don't work on my eyes I cover
some bump in my ponytail there's no
animals the pigs weren't there the Sheep
weren't there that's the same dog
amazing the Bulldog really he's the only
animal you guys are gonna see today all
we've seen is up that's my friend Mason
hi Mason
the only good thing we're gonna see
today hmm the animal only farm is fine
we saw a turkey and some cows from a
distance and poultry poultry yeah I
wouldn't define nervous right now though
which are Canada yeah what do you think
Andy you think the turkeys are nervous
this time of year because so much
Thanksgiving no I haven't mm-hmm
you want to go pick out our Thanksgiving
turkey I got me typical
so what did you just figure out what do
you think it was called a scarecrow for
Echo Masons my best friend the little
red things oh you want us don't put your
hands in there you got it all yeah you
getting all the pictures you Annie
picture with a turkey which one do you
want to eat
this was my thing is giving Turkey come
here geez cut pay your phone Turkey
minivans dizzy
ah yes yeah on your finger turn your
back don't eat it okay but what's the
thing right here on him it's an easy
place won't find the fader no all right
why now cam in the loser board
you only have one memory card today me
very guys me I didn't know I didn't have
a memory card in my good camera Annie
wants to practice whoa did you see that
Mommy he did see it
oh you're welcome which one's the one
that keeps jumping you gotta hold it
higher working with the last she was up
pretty high oh and we got it yeah yeah I
jumped high I know Keegan there is
probably a bit too much yeah
okay jumpin scary yeah can wipe out that
yeah that's like the normal chicken
kawaii our on thank so many think I'm
sure shudder
alright sure
yeah we did
perfect I'm here to blow feel like
you're sweating I see what are you a
bunny rabbit leg massage foot massage a
foot massage at the park yeah Steve on
me all right let's go get a drink and
then what are we gonna go do see the
movie pan mmm
just in case you guys are wondering I
put those in her hair let me just in
case you're on you think they were
wondering you're definitely wondering oh
my god or a nice thirsty movie starts in
t-minus two hours we can go hang out the
movie theater for two hours be like hey
guys really that's not like bad yeah
whoa how about no there's no memory card
anymore sitting in my car yeah hot very
hot but you guys think of the movie I
loved it it was so exciting oh just like
the last time I'll hear me Joe
accidentally put my iPad on my thingy
majiggy the thing where it goes up when
you hit the spot and then I jammed my
toes your little reflex pad are you
showing up code me and Annie did this
the whole time one time in the movie I
went like that just start inviting me
out like don't do it and then and then
another time we went like that Wow see
the same things a lot of times like were
you scared hailey there are some things
that jumped out a few times
I don't like it come out we didn't like
pretty much like no clearly we hate
something with nobody out realized only
like yeah it's pretty good it is like
just don't work just don't work I was
like Brandi like this if she's going
like this video like oh look how many
stars you give it out of 10 that's
pretty good well I think you know the
scale works
I definitely v19 three quarters and the
other quarters because it was really
scary new parts mustard sauce proper sad
though nice you give it a 9
what was your oh your favorite character
oh definitely a girl illy
the pig katie is so commitment I'm sure
she do my favorite was yeah look Captain
Hook took um I also like pan was pretty
a Peter was pretty cute and pink she's
all eight she only talks like once he's
a dog but she did he didn't know her AHA
she - she's the chosen one behind the
chosen one he I'm just stuck with what
she said even though I didn't write your
names I really have no idea what I'm the
opposite the movie I guess what's the
funniest thing you've ever seen
oh you do though yeah what's the
funniest thing you've ever heard heard
of as far as I've ever seen
I've seen a lot of kind of things in my
day the most of them happen in the
mirror Katie that's the funny thing
you've ever seen is Katie what's the
funniest thing you've ever seen my skin
your screensaver what is it of huh it's
a picture you doing the pig face you're
doing the big base in your screensaver
can't see the pig face right I'll put
you on the spine you know you have to go
away to come back cuz you can't do it
like that
what's the funniest thing you've ever
seen I don't know Oh probably or the guy
who commercials in the guy pretty much
exactly did you do it and die out there
but down funniest thing I've ever seen
is a what are the oh one of the zebras
but they almost look like don't the cows
Oh gotcha with the ones that look like
they're half so you ever have something
else I forget what those are called
look uh Oh Katie with doors berries is
that try to save Geico commercial
ah bake bake bake
thanks for watching
Britt Ailey
