today hey guys I just got them in school
and they're right now I am in my room
and I'm very tired
I don't know why
oh and it is a bounce again I get this
about my print I can't see that because
of my background I have a checkered
background yes well 40 up there goes
uh-huh dang it goodness okay so it is
about 12 48 Tuesday January 2nd boom a
jawbreaker so we're gonna go to Urban
Outfitters me and Danny are going
nerving Outfitters and then mommy and
Annie are doing them I don't know what
they're doing but but yeah oh we're
going into the eye
oh here's me if you want to I see it
I've been looking it and it's making is
gonna be like oh right now we're going
is this middle of getting ready yes
we're gonna do your hair it's fine your
hair can't be fantastic 24/7 now turn it
around turn what around no I'm good just
do it this way
I get awkward hey Haley take it away not
yourself away oh you're gonna follow you
Annie is getting ready because we're
going in the studio for some new music
and Haley's telling us something go I
need you guys to comment down below what
my color of my room should be there's
multiple colors you can name mold
yeah I saw that you named every color
last time I thought you were going with
blue and yellow I like that
daddy and Haley are gonna go shopping
cause yesterday if you saw tuned in
yesterday you saw that they went and it
was closed and as it was New Year's Day
just realizing right when we got in the
door real like boy it's New Years and of
course the luck we have it was closed
Annie and I are gonna go into the studio
cuz she's recording some stuff today yes
all right I'm going to go do her hair
and then we are going to you can leave
whenever we're leaving in about 30
minutes
Oh will you be ready in 20 more hours
have you brushed your teeth have you
brushed your teeth
oh good 1000 have you brush your teeth
Haley are you avoiding the question you
know what you know what happens a little
girls don't brush their trees second
that one forty five in the afternoon
yeah no just talking to Haley I think
she is done losing all her teeth yeah
until daddy punches you I think she just
has molars to grow in 12 years
oh hey wisdom teeth on not everybody
I have no wisdom teeth that have grown
in and different dentists have told me
different things don't say that I don't
have wisdom anyways don't listen to him
that man by
me making fun of my lack of a some
dentists say that I have them but they
won't aren't going to come in because I
would have already done it and like
they're up there and some dentists say I
don't have they don't see them at all
either way they never grew in I believe
that you don't have them yet your dick
the dentist said they don't see them but
you never know no not everybody but a
lot of times with them for sure no it's
not what it means
all right we got to stop talking about
all these I don't know if you have them
I know teeth like grossed me out when I
go do her hair and then we got to get
going I was like somebody help her Annie
it did it a lot of the times oh oh yeah
it was a Mike I had to close my eyes I
was like a horror movie to me I like
recording studious like you take the
tour down there like museum of amazing
people who they worked with this is
awesome
there's what just keeps going Wow
Oh someone's I feel like we should be oh
okay
van Halen you guys that's really cool
that's really cool
who else you guys recognize LeAnn Rimes
I American Idol I remember him Tupac
yeah they will
you guys know don't you know what's up
that's a wrap on recording for day one
there might be a day two I'm not sure
yet
but yeah this is fun and we're done and
they just locked me we were going to
Urban Outfitters again probably already
said that because we couldn't last time
because all day today if they're closed
today we're not going yeah period ever
ever again they're they're not gonna be
closed
there's no reason to be closed they've
had their chances
okay so we found one thing it's just a
little sign that you can put your stuff
on but she realized there's not as much
stuff in the store as there's online
maybe we're gonna run by target though
and see if we can find some stuff there
okay we made it and I got stuff that we
blew I'm going for blue
yeah I'm carrying a pillow and you've
got it's broken its broken broken it's
fine
huh oh yeah oh my gosh this is so hard -
sorry as we made it back with all the
stuff weirdos are jumping on beanbags
and we are waiting on mommy and Annie to
get back did you already eat what did
you eat and you didn't share any with
your daddy no that's right
what you doing now watching videos what
do you always do it's a little pretty
much what I thought do that my stuff
well bye now let's see what mommy's
doing roll to that yep back in
promo for what for what we're doing here
today what what we're going back and cuz
we forgot pictures thank you we did wrap
up but we might have to come back
tomorrow for some punch ins like I know
that that video going I know I've heard
him all right picture time
we got surprises coming for you guys
what do you think we were here for a
surprise not for you to do you need
light we're like team work here he takes
the pictures and I am the lighting go no
he always takes the pictures hey let me
have some credit sorry you ever wonder
where good pictures of Annie and Hayden
come from it's this guy right here with
the lighting and the ball you better
duck you a little bit subordinator and
the microphone don't block the
microphone this is what it takes to get
a good picture I know we're not the only
ones who do this not like that part
y'all both go one way where the board is
on the look no no no any fun like
herding cats you go join yeah cats don't
listen take two on leaving the studio
oh I feel like I'm gonna trip of course
I will thank you I'm used to holding
everything we turn flashlights on so I
don't trip I don't want to trip I'll
race you I'm just weak you know on your
mark
oh that was so good thank you everybody
it's coming you know stuff coming what
one either like Wendy's a Taco Bell I
don't even know where there is a Windy's
around here can you take this yeah we're
gonna go home we're waiting on a call
sheet right now to find out when four
chicken girls again threw them right out
okay we're all back at the house for the
night we saw all the stuff that Haley
got which is amazing what's wrong you
asked for help you want her to help show
you how to do it let me guess
I don't know how this all played out but
I'm guessing Haley needed her your help
so you're helping her and now she wants
to do it but just if she knows how to do
it let her try was it are you spelling
winter
all right so she got a reversal did you
already do a halt okay okay oh come home
to a bad mood hailey reversible
comforter this really cool vase so
obviously her colors are blue did you
get into yellow no you're going with
blue oh well you can do orange you
didn't Orange I'll go with this it's so
cool so we just found out called times
hailey is filming her parts and she has
a 7:30 call time and Annie has an 8 a.m.
call time 1 bus goes to this place 1
bratayley bus so we're all going
together so we have such kind of an
early morning starting it probably 5:30
to leave here at 6:30 so say goodbye to
sleeping in yeah yeah today tomorrow is
gonna be hard cuz like going back to
school after your winter break and you'd
you're off schedule or after your summer
break and you're completely off schedule
and the first couple days you're like
dragging that's what tomorrow's are
gonna be like alright my friends will be
back they're gonna shower in the morning
right yeah so they're gonna finish this
are you do we want to put our stuff on
tonight or do you want to do it tomorrow
what are you thinking okay and then
we'll put we'll get her room as much as
we can with this stuff and then we'll
show you guys and then we'll be back
with the question of the day I think the
day's got to end so it's been a long day
and I'm tired I'll probably show you my
room in the morning but um the question
of the day is if you could be one animal
for a day which animal would you be
I would probably have to be a type of
dog I
probably be a no would you be bummed I
would be a dog or some kind of sea
animal like a dolphin yeah it's pretty
no I'd be a dog okay
yeah so don't forget to comment below
cuz we wouldn't know the question of the
day is you could be one animal for a day
which one would it be that guys see you
tomorrow to celebrate thanks for
watching
Vitaliy
