for me so we had a long family
discussion today and we can say that we
are going to continue doing videos for
right now we're going to continue to
grieve and miss Caleb a lot but we're
going to try to not show it very much in
the videos because I think the best way
to honor Caleb is to do in these videos
what they were first intended to be and
that's to be celebrating life and we
don't want to just celebrate his life we
want to celebrate the girl's life and
our life and bring joy to people that's
what we started this for so followings a
little bit of what we've been doing over
the last in a while what are you guys
doing mm-hmm even getting out hugs
so every time I may give a hug you can
hug Wow
so like there's sweet hug and there's a
sweet hug yes God
I thought wrapping process is the
longest process how about you be like oh
my goodness anymore and I always guess
what I run out of no idea gotta be
perfect okay are you taking off you're
making hug because everybody needs a hug
right now so every time they give a hug
yeah get a hug no I believe they're nine
servings in each bag in there are nine
hugs in a service so how many new bag
okay we have a little tape resolved I'm
gonna have a coal truck and there's a
little bit of affects every time is
about backbone and what's the answer
there nothing else anymore your fists
are waiting for the minute it was it and
I was like nine times nine yeah I'm
learning about square and cube roots so
Malaga left so nice for you I don't know
what I'm learning
isn't that can I'm actually past that
I'm running negatives negative order on
morning Roger he a number working in
practice what really gets me like hours
really what are you doing it by
ourselves normally so the little
speedier with four friends yeah
I'm going to go downstairs and see what
all that cousins and friends are doing
like oh my god you're Phil Phil man
can't believe you call me a hammer Hawks
mom leaving
it's the candle lady oh my gosh I'm not
the camera lady I'm the backup here
parently I sound like camera lady
oh my god little medium a camera hug
every time I'm on camera
you know I I've never been okay why
don't why don't you tell us your name
he's been on camera camera it I don't
watch the show so I'm sorry if I don't
know who you are okay who are you
Haney's brother town doesn't appear to
be working
yes she won't share with you oh you
still got it
just like funny thanks Haley we're doing
girl will we got a note for Kayla
because in the Halloween costume being a
coward
Oh pocket sugar put it in there
how are you I'm going to put yet clearly
Raven they would have to go with this to
read this one cuz it's a Chinese on how
to write this one bigger son right hip
this one and that one okay Chris mommy's
then I try to find ops Stewie
she wants ops to Rita okay so try
reading bigger but it's not what you
can't write bigger yeah you right you
say you write your own size
do we have any paper with lines you
could use tell me look for favorite
lines out of the trap yeah they're
bigger see that claw yeah I see them
yeah really really knows how to cook
home no we got gonna eat three crabs we
can eat them all oh why don't we just go
buy something to eat those no it's
better see fashion way by them and then
keep it
that's all about 30 minutes no you got
some classics
Oh
oh no I left that hard I was listening
to you I'm seeing some well yeah I know
she's got distracted by the even if you
hear what cat behind us I also feel like
a tactics
- it's okay
unlike gravity you're working hard and I
appreciate it
right
you know what it is Annie oh I think I'm
not your bed now not the headboard that
says fragile so I think I know what it
is you're probably on the right of it
yep I knew what it was
lay it down on it and lift the top off
okay or do it like that but yeah lay it
down like that
congratulations for weinerman
subscribers people that was a long time
Winnie
it's beautiful it's heavy
thank you Thank You bubble would have
loved it
give other two in our toilet sound like
an airplane taking off pages reading
booty back yeah look at the sweet angel
this sweet sweet little angel when this
sweet angel to you guys getting back
into gymnastics said you're getting back
he's getting back into gymnastics
hey Annie when's the last time you had
that many days off of gymnastics
Australia
oh so close so close you guys are
getting pretty high
pretty I love my fan
hmm what'd you make
okay okay where's red mmm and yogurt any
strawberry sounds delicious and it's
frozen right
you froze it I gotta be in chefs today
hey Lee Majors what you made it up offer
yourself regular bread I'm just trying
to get this straight just regular bread
do a layer of yogurt then bread and
yogurt and bread and showers amazing
when I eat the Vegemite memory though
our friends from Australia that don't
work Vegemite and Katie's the first we
smothered the toast with butter which is
what all of our Australian friends told
us to do on the first cuz I know Calum
would be the first if there you go he
would have been in on his behalf good
for you oh I don't know that do you want
a glass of water I got my glass okay oh
no all right Thank You Australia thanks
for living in John and koala bears but
maybe not for Vegemite okay so what does
it taste like just got salty yeah oh
yeah slavery oh look at no it hasn't
been in the dirt myself one fire
- so you liked it huh I agree with you
girl that's nasty
I can't like the stinking socks coming
ok actually I should see someone some of
those too
oh if you like that mutton oh so good I
did tell you I that I spit it out
baked potato baked potato baby
thanks for watching Britt Ailey
