oh never invited us to the opening night
at Mickey's not-so-scary Halloween party
you gotta go and check that video out
you can see it by clicking the link
below
yep and we dressed up like pirates all
of us from Pirates of the Caribbean and
we met tons of park guests and fans and
even some of our favorite characters
trick-or-treating the decorative part
was the best my favorite love the parade
we all loved the fireworks and of course
my favorite would have to be the dessert
party there's still time to check out
the party be sure to get your Mickey's
not-so-scary Halloween party tickets and
costumes let us know how much fun you
had don't forget to check out our video
it's brought to you by Disney World
trying to tell me something there Winnie
you're like confused pooch
are you walking Hayley to a nap what is
going on you know you're not allowed on
my couch
Piper's taking full of a full advantage
of this opportunity for a little couch
sitting because they know they're not
allowed up here winning were you trying
to tell me something do you want to go
on a walk
Piper all right let's get off the couch
food cheese come on Winnie come on
continue your walk this way come on come
on girls come on winning get off the
couch you know puppy
continue your walk somewhere else but
Winnie come on this way what are you
doing
Hayley's doing school on the floor and
the dogs are trampling her work Oh back
up I don't think this is how it's
supposed to work here that's not
supposed to be in your mouth Winnie get
off the couch you little mutt come on
weenie went over a walk all right Hayley
wants to give you a walk since you're
trying to talk us into one you heard
goofy let me hold the camera yes you
know okay we're gonna walk herself
Seifer papers like where's mine and this
is why it takes us so long to get what
done with our school day sometimes she
had not done another class yet
alright you pause to get back to the
school week you had the day off
yesterday
you don't look pumped anymore you were
pumped for like half a second I saw it
that come your walk Oh
Piper's walking Winnie now or when he's
kind of walking paper I'm not sure which
one uh where are you going
Haley I hate to break something to you
dude my friend but it's time to get back
to school I know it's tragic it is
tragic
Oh likely story
today we are going on the trampoline cuz
Isaac today how many back walkovers are
you at total no not seven
yes eh did you lose them I think it was
30 something dirty Center you've done 37
yeah 38 you gotta go stretch your back
out and do a few before we go gotta get
to 200 sister friends to a hundred we
got to get to a hundred yeah I changed
it you got to do 200 now alright so a
little tip before anybody starts doing
any gymnastics is to stretch your back
out so maybe some handstand bridges some
cartwheels another good tip is when
you're doing a handstand to bridge to
hit your handstand first
you don't just kick over into a bridge
see if Haley can do it you have to hit a
handstand first you handstand and then
you bridge you got to be all controlled
handstand
oh my almost you're a little ARTG point
your toes all the way up to the sky
before you go to a bridge that was
better I don't know if you'll be able to
kick over for the trampoline being wet
our plans may be spoiled from the
weather try a kick over busy hello I can
see him he's cleaning I don't believe
that what yeah that's more like it
whoa if that was really good
so close hey actually I think that one
the first one was your best so far out
of two Haley that's getting so good yeah
you gotta try to keep you off your knees
that was good hello peoples of the world
I am here like I shall look pale why do
I look pale it so it's like sprinkling
right now and I just got down from Essex
and me Hall we were walking to the car
my mum my mom is like health doctors and
I was like oh I did oh and cleared up
giant giant flower way um dr. Jen giant
doubled back into a mat and um in the
pit she goes oh that's cool she goes did
you land it on my yeah and then I rolled
back to Candlestick and then she goes
what else did you do and I said I did a
full on the red floor which is almost a
for just a little bit bounce here onto a
mat in the pit
she goes I look cool and then she goes
anything else and I'm like oh yeah we
conditioned and then I thought felt like
I was gonna throw up and I threw up in
my mouth in the bathroom and then I came
back and did more conditioning so yeah
it was like but it wasn't bad
conditioning it was like parallel for
sure
and back for jump up back tuck jump up
back tuck Oh Regina row in my legs we're
gonna die well yeah it was just a lot of
the same conditioning gosh oh we're
going to eat I'm at the mall with the
cheese I've been just full and I'm gonna
go this way
I don't want to eat at the mall and yeah
before we go to Haley
aha I'm gonna go pick that sister up
from gymnastics
oh she wants to tell you something guys
hear you yes sorry sorry so don't tell
her I don't like that it's nice and raw
so I don't so act surprised when she
tells you but guess what she did on the
trampoline that hands great no don't
tell me
front tuck no front walkover no Freddie
a spring bounder we were like is it good
yeah it's pretty good okay I'm surprised
okay and oh and I'm gonna add it oh yeah
mom you didn't freak Mike I'm gonna
grade and he's school while we're at the
gym waiting for Hayley and Annie's gonna
edit a blindfolded makeover that you did
with your sister yeah laughing it yep
we've got back to the gym and we are
waiting for him to get done I'm doing a
little bit of grading and he's doing a
little bit of editing good times good
times is it funny
really did you get any makeup done so
this is a blindfolded makeup right you
blindfolded yourself and did you can
again she can't hear me you blindfolded
yourself she blindfolded herself and did
Haley's makeup she nervous she didn't
get the blindfold yourself and do it to
you
you're like having an afternoon message
and here it's what our dad gonna it's
yummy
it's egg rolls orange chicken in the
broth so anyways before meet battery
you're going to say what's your favorite
animated cartoon program wait daddy what
does it mean like program what's your
favorite animated cartoon program its
superheroes T like it hasn't guy that
can turn into anything in these green
gravity falls
like this huge tea thing on their
building Oh
Teen Titans coming oh I thought you
meant like tea mine oh that's a good one
that's one of mine but I'll take another
one I like Animaniacs okay so mine
tomorrow bye bye they can't see my face
that's really horrible I just got the
question today anybody's welcome back do
the boys with a lolly you can you know
is what is your favorite animated
cartoon program program okay so it
doesn't say was a spy but it's probably
gonna go ahead and be like woo me tunes
because now it's just classic so I'm
gonna say on iTunes killing these guys
remembering I'm Adele blue because we
wanna know the question of the day is
what is your favorite animated cartoon
program and look
thanks for watching
Britt Haley
