George Washington can drive a car did
you guys see that I didn't know he could
drive Haley are you totally baffled
this is where's his horse and carriage
yeah
why are you getting hurt don't read the
bus Socrates
oh the way kids read nowadays it's a
good question
Annie's discovered that you can have
books digitally
and you prefer this or did you rather a
book you'd rather a book yeah
but it's working since caleb already had
that book yeah
right what are you guys reading
so your book 1 oh I don't know there are
so many books oh my god alright guys so
we are going into the second movie are
you and me and me I got to go watch the
first one though first yeah good night
so we're watching it tonight alright so
right now though right now we're on our
way to ABC News in Washington DC
mom who's excited I think we're gonna go
to just carsick right excited about cars
Nick we're gonna go shoot on a green
screen like hashtag for Taylor makes
history water inside I'm young people
actually blue screen is a thing Wow pink
it gets very close to your skin tone and
old it'll start to drowned out your skin
tone that's because they tried to use
extreme colors that people don't have
now
so we're gonna do like some I think
maybe voiceover type thing or Norton
narration things kind of right you're
gonna get to remember all the fun that
we've had and make it a little bit
easier for people to follow along with
our story so it's gonna kind of it
exciting out we've never done like real
green screen remember the time that we
did daddy's green yeah that looks cool
that is like that was terrible it was so
amateur so we're gonna see how the pros
doing
JB our so and like we're going to like
actual ABC News only the real deal and I
want you guys read the news today who's
kidding look mommy mommy has a had one
who else is getting like DC
I'm in my home no big deal they just
named it come back
she doesn't embarrass you to walk around
with such weirdos like a nation's
capital named after you yet no I guess
you're not trying her you should try
harder
what alienation yeah one for tailee
nation finally incorporated we will have
a whole nation yes you don't know these
words that they're using this TV news
language do you understand what they're
saying in there to speak their language
that's like real the real deal in there
we're listening to Annie pop her pack
she's more interesting her butt back
popping but look at this that's like the
real deal I'm not going in there nicely
done ABC they're pretty impressive here
we're pretty good we have my cameras and
stuff we go on TV with satellites around
the clock just 24/7 you know just live
always really why is everybody getting
us confused with pirates these are legit
colonial three-point hats this is not a
pirate hat
a little delayed that's cool
what happened I could go higher than
shoot down a little bit and then we get
more Haley is always a good thing
never a bad thing
that's perfect Haley let's make some
history so be rolling we're making some
sweet transition scenes for did you guys
on green-screen works so you can put
anything you want behind you what yeah
yeah you can put behind you
you know you can put like spinning
Haley's just like in the background just
like true you can do anything you want
so we're thinking these could be really
fun really fun transition see so we're
gonna get hooked up and we're gonna just
yell out like a bunch of words and stuff
just start anywhere just random words
don't cheeseburger one routinely make
history do like ten toes just get the
group ready particularly
tailee Nick it's bratayley me just
bratayley me any project work for Taylor
Taylor Taylor and I do it all together
just like yellow outlet history
alright and then we're gonna just go
back up and do we're at work right now
have you guys jump in so we're gonna
have one one person and then we're
having each of you jump in separately so
okay so goes out to the side
are you ready for your individual
interview individuos might be we have an
hour so that's not a lot of minutes all
how are you one twenty minutes a person
I think we'll be fine
two minutes yeah no talk for 20 minutes
before we get going we gotta be our new
history teacher all right a star was
born
there he is
twinsies cool jacket man oh cool jacket
man
back then the real-life yeah yeah real
like real life for a light look at Peter
Pan and how he stood well Luke whose
turn it is what page money in the green
screen oh the one thing that Shiro will
come out of it then she's miked up you
can use your feet like poke your head up
like that ready go down go down your
heads down and then all the way up
go now that crap
would be funny if that's all you had
some bathing feathers that was so good
hi guys investing day
better angels
five four three two one all right I
think that's a wrap that's a wrap that's
a wrap
green screen rat so this what we're
gonna do we're gonna go downstairs where
they film the news here sometimes with
the ethnic photo of the White House
behind it and we're all going to sit
down at the desk and pretend we're like
news anchors really really quick because
we need to leave this building in 12 min
of countdown one less minute than the
number of colonies are going to so grab
your feathers grab your stuff nice job
everybody thank you
I've tried really really really hard I
hope you were impressed with mine
whispers quiet
you thanks
I don't like he was talking to me I
think you're talking to you guys
okay let me have that drink so you don't
spill it George's chair Caleb can you
give us some news I was waiting that's
what we call the Washington Monument
give it up would you say you were about
the same height is lotsa minutes this is
so crazy
so this is where is where they do the
news on Sunday mornings sometimes and
there's four people here
what is that crazy that people just stay
right here and like millions of people
see them live it's kind of like your
house we're gonna start that now we're
gonna start being way quieter in our
house I think
where's your monument gala don't touch
the screen yeah totally fit okay the
White House that's it I meant this was
pretty cool in here so you can not see
my face in me that I'm gonna get a
close-up on Jorge here okay oh it's fine
so that Jorge Jorge how was your first
newscasting thing we're supposed to be
really quiet out here again well that's
a wrap on ABC ABC news
are you like stripping your load
it's a little bit more awkward than the
whole outfit just saying Andy fancy
yourself right out here
you get arrested for that Oh what now
okay that was like so took so much
energy we so hungry now gas station Hall
we're sitting here waiting to say
goodbye to the crew and they got stuck
in traffic daddy and the girls went in
and Caleb and I wanted to beat a better
cookies and they didn't have the kind we
like we like the grandmothers right hey
I love grandmother's peanut butter
cookies um which kind of on track bar
Salem back hi Carly's for both Carly's
mmm they're the same brand it's in a
different package I'll move that all
right so you want to try Carly's or
Carly's no biggie Carly's okay all right
really I thought you was gonna figure in
this parking lot until they get here
okay ready it's the same time Caleb
Cheers
she always will have a choose what kind
of truth to good peanut butter cookies
every day ya know they're pretty similar
not work what do you guys get
chocolate chocolate Pringles
salt-and-vinegar Pringles we should do
the Pringles challenge guys you guys
think your Pringles tastebuds are up for
the challenge
yeah we should sergej Haley
right now we're cooking macaroni and
cheese yeah daddy's putting mustard on
his rag yeah it's a kind of fend for
yourself night like sandwiches and mac
and cheese and Milky Way and Milky Way
dr. pepper mm-hmm it's a healthy kind of
dinner night and the dogs are home oh
good welcome home how's everybody's
doing tired great some family time it's
been a while since it's just been the
five of us in that seven sorry sorry but
we've had a full house this weekend
we've got a lot of friends over a lot of
crew over yeah yeah we have the crew and
the friends over
just jumped over the cows do you see it
I don't think I filmed it no joke
but like that he got so far ahead of her
though oh but you guys you guys she's
like yeah and she jumped all the way
over like they didn't even touch the
couch tire hey hey hey shoes off the
couch young lady
I don't think Piper's tired I like your
pants Caleb that you tried to strip off
earlier I hope you can make it shorty oh
hello pants are coming off if you have a
rip you probably shouldn't do it Oh
looks like you're abused people who are
not abusing her strap bar burn it kind
of more like it kind of fail this is
Seville
really bringing food to the center yeah
was that right without a little better
so Danny's grading Caleb's what is this
history this is like hey we got a 90 on
his science but now Annie's moved on to
grading in Caleb's history she made what
so Annie it was laughing because he
wrote on this answer Holly wrote was
greedy people
this one had like a big long descriptive
answer and he wrote greedy people so we
made him explain it so that's what he
was explaining when I started filming I
needed getting credit for it and next
time he's going to write a little bit
more than three people fight fine fine
fine go go go go battery dying alert oh
ah we better wrap up they'll get a
question of the day how do you go
thank you sifting don't get too used to
this we're not gonna be rip sticking in
the house soon with the new floors if
they ever get here your beam will be
here what's that what I don't know it's
a spy but of all things you're learning
what do you think will be the most
useful when you're an adult well greet
people mommy I know what driving a car
driving a car but you're not learning to
drive a car
you're learning the signs you have a lot
of questions about what the signs
meeting or done okay fair enough
three people what do you think from
knowing math you think math as a whole
you have to do math from us every job
success and language I use language
every day pretty good at it
yeah we're pretty good at languages oh
yeah but your languaging right now no
I'm pretty good English we're good at
like many losers Englishers Englishman
okay so we have a job filming so like a
job I don't
but job is the most important thing
you're learning what job relearning baby
you know you're learning videoing it'll
be very important for you in your future
continuing a legacy yeah I know look at
it splashing in my face ah what is the
most important thing that you're
learning right what what we most useful
that you're learning right now
Beibei bye thanks for watching
Britt Haley
