various clubs are these real buttons
these are plastic oh wow Wow classy very
oh yeah Wow I bow down to you sir mom
I'll just see myself out I'm not worthy
it's Culbertson gone ever
hey it's money pleasure to see you Senor
enjoy those gloves though I know that is
so ever
I was here's the thing I really wanted
to step up my little Starkey new game
and that didn't come to fruition this
time and you're totally passionate of
the scarf department what do you like
wearing better new cool clothes of the
modern age or old school clothes oh yeah
you're gonna fall yeah I know I know
that's amazing that's you what are you
petting your face it's good luck to
everybody
we'd like you're twinsies yeah it's
twinsies Colonial twins yes Annie I like
how you did the same thing do you know
I've got a stretch first I will laugh
when they rip I followed your leech
over your booze Oh God Oh
what are you guys surfing should we call
him Tater Tot she taken that's good
Wow excellent technique odds and venya
peasant menu
hey don't touch taught to name's Todd
then thought can I squeeze todd todd or
Todd
Oh Todd like tears up yeah yeah like TT
yeah like T money T squared T squared
that is amazing I made it alright got
like a school cross bones
I don't know that is they didn't get
social months and a daughter's painted
on nice I like it just a feature to
write your classifier works that makes
the third thing I need to do now is make
sure you get it talking so to anyone
know any pirate words angry um like
keepo is a good one shiver me timbers
any other words you know no all right I
can teach you them the first one is not
to say hello to another pirate anyone
know how to say hello to another pirate
no it's not armed
it's a type of penalty not when you keep
chips a snooker noodle not snickerdoodle
delicious though booze it's a whole can
everyone say a whole
oh hey look this week when you say oh
boy man
don't go anywhere it's alright mate you
have to be really loud because don't
like anyone that works offices and we
don't want to like keep anyone from
waking up so we're gonna be really loud
from now on until we get to the pirate
ship and then we're gonna be extra loud
so everyone on the count of three let me
hear you say oh boy
ready one two three Oh laughing a lot
better now the second word I need to
teach you is how to say yes like a
pirate does anyone know how to say yes
to another pirate um no not yes no you
got two of them on your face nostrils no
you got nachos what do you look at
eyebrows alright like you say aye aye
oh they do you got to be loud everyone
say aye aye we're gonna we're gonna make
life
hold on to that all right man we're
gonna raise this flag to the top
everyone's gonna stomp their feet and
say he po on the count of three you got
to be super loud all right Hannah come a
little closer take a job just hook you
up with this rope here okay so now
everyone on the count of three stomp and
scream heave Oh ready one two three
supposed to be going up ready
what hey pal oh you got it backwards and
it doesn't go kid
halyard the flag you know you gotta hook
the hedge laughs and how you're not the
kid to the house I'm sorry thing and
it's a waiting for about you do not
apply in sorry I didn't go to amateur
hour up there I'm sorry Saturday okay
look look you pull the set horn real
quick double your ears work with some
years guy born on the count of three
all right now Hayley pull the down
everyone say he oh he oh okay good job
adventure Annie yeah the other ones took
off Hayley was hurricane Hayley caleb
was cutthroat Caleb I think okay well
wasn't it that was a Carribean you know
I don't remember what his was but I
remember Hayley's as hurricane Hayley
because I've referred to Haley as
hurricane Haley what was your name my
name is cannibal killer
cannibal in the boat cannonball I said
cut broken cannonball Caleb yeah
Carribean ellipta doesn't yeah yes I
know it's like adventure sweetie you are
your mother all victory hi you didn't
recognize we've had some friends helping
us for this edition of a field trip I'm
going to be a blue coat and yeah we're
gonna have a water balloon fight to kind
of you know why yeah we're kind of
reenact a little bit of a war between
the red coats and the blue coats so
they're gonna be gonna be a red coat I'm
in like orange yeah and we got water
balloons and shirts we've got Katie what
are we doing lab rules right oh why oh
it's not boys versus girls I don't think
it's red coats versus create conduct
think they're calling dibs on blue
except for this one she's gonna fish
some more yeah she's gonna be yeah I
heard you caught two crabs three grabs
at which sides outnumbered blue sub yep
okay trans are outnumbered it's too
little warped over I just wardrobe I
mean you're just really high maintenance
hahaha I can see this me look at my a
game
oh yeah
the big scene you guys I put on my
nicest jeweler I know I know
look at these Patriots well we don't
know who the Patriots are you who says
your pain should Wow
okay you guys are pros you're on the
wrong side she's a spy
yeah Liv's a spy Liv's got American
shorts on
she's a Redcoat something ain't right
with that what are you guys about to do
why why are we jumping in just for
funsies cuz you guys lost and they won I
know I think they're going into we
didn't lose yeah
really where who won did you change
history
yeah I didn't know this two-day hold two
people died and well I'll see what the
editors do who wins the editors decide
who wins two people yeah one I'm not the
animal although I'm not the editor no
not on this one
oh this - that's me
you're good so did you die you bring her
back to life
- so dramatic I want to jump in her feet
that was such a dramatic scene Piper
I mean after yeah and she's good not
mudblood
she's gonna go again watch out watch out
Caleb jeez I'll stop her she digs too
much digging for freedom letter you have
a dramatic scene Oh Piper it's all over
face I know that's why she sneezes you
were a good soldier Piper
barrier I'm dying he should get in the
water start burying her guys like
smiling
no no oh hi guys I'm a lifestyle and you
can't bury me alive I'm just acting here
is he going in water down there hey you
go ah there's a cramp on my foot okay
yeah that could happen right yeah
possibly all right sing attention or
detail writing you're gonna pony welcome
every shopping problem macaroni won't
get away get up hey Jahnavi darkness
to them new to me it goes great your
teacher friends with John Hancock yeah
John Hancock you lose anything to be
like cancer just to make just at the wig
haha hey Mikey we're into a little
debrief in the hot tub I mean are we you
know we share our feelings what about
the things we Larry are hating dreams
for the future but not until Mikey gets
here yeah you will learn to not do
anything until both cameras are here cuz
then you'll have to redo it right
attention
what uh
what a day we just had here what what
what just happened out there lose a
talent tell us what happened okay so
what happened was we are this awesome
group of warriors Datanet soldiers and
awesome group that lost for the record
but go on go on
the trailer and then we came upon these
blue people that kind of nyssa break
this out you gotta serve because they're
so unorganized yes they have passion and
perseverance should we do a do a
free-form version of Yankee Doodle yeah
like everyone can kind of just say that
their own pace and however they feel
okay and then we need the John Hancock
in you guys have got to teach them how
to John Hancock
John Hancock yeah what town pony pony
pony pony riding on stuck a feather
tikka feather stuck it in his calf calf
calf feather in the cap cat stuck a
feather in the cap what did he call it
if anybody know he called it macaroni
macaroni dishes Holly did he call the
feather stuck in his cat macaroni oh my
groaning sorta called the feather stuck
in the yankee doodle cap cap oh very
interesting
Oh Oh feel good feel good all right
basically Roger who that unique
music video footage is in full swing
amazing
whoa it's flipping on a trampoline
that's right sometimes we turn butter
sometimes we flip on a trampoline
I think Caleb's having way too much fun
down there
nice dress Annie
not much of a dress right now they're
watching a movie they're so tired from
this long day we've had a filming Oh
quiet and movie time all right and then
we would plug their ears it was scary it
was the Maze Runner right yeah but the
part were they like oh so they don't get
fries no spoiler alert I haven't seen it
yet but now they want to go see the new
one and they're the second ones in the
theaters and how are you going to want
to sit next to each other and do what so
funny so long we didn't even know if we
can name an item that's so cute the
party's over
Winnie I know that was fun we got a lot
of yeah I don't yeah with like gone gone
or just where's way done done done as
we're saying video continues tomorrow no
we can't leave him hanging like that we
can't find Wiseman Halley bye it wasn't
another one now because it just ends did
you say it was amazing amazing thank you
thank you
what could the question of the day be
Tom what's your favorite movie this is
amazing yes cheesy truly what's your
favorite what's your favorite line for
any movie overnight favorite lines on a
moving and in vivo movie okay I like
that one favorite type of movie like
comedy horror comedies we're doing
favorite changes our favorite kind of
movie like comedy drama action action
gosh like comedy hikes paul blart like
um what is it Talladega Nights really
popular funny hey where were you huh
upon your cinnamon movie The Avengers
The Avengers
hey Wyatt what's your favorite movie
which your favorite time is it moving on
kind of movie like genre action drama
comedy do you like funny animated what
jinx don't keep like funny movies
funny movies fish out of water
oh my gosh Oh noctus until I heard like
a thud aha got your chin yeah I'm some
rock hope coca smoke is so like scary so
that's it guys don't forget to comment
down below baked potato baby thanks for
watching bruh tailee
