time for my Daisy hey guys so right now
I'm done with school and I'm gonna open
room to do it
I'm going to see if I can still do my
back walkovers and my pants and what is
it gold handstand front limber yeah
what'swhat's buckles I already got it
handle your friend limp I figured it out
okay okay now I'm gonna do them oh now
I'm gonna do
you
hello I am back
so another amazing Friday it's Friday
it's Friday
amazing yes I'm so excited he was doing
a dance
I was um I'm so excited this weekend and
guess what we're doing this weekend what
don't film another two colonies field
trip I said it's wrong it's fall ya'll
crime he's like you making fun of my
dance moves do you want to go and see my
dance moves where are you gonna do your
dance moves
um turns lead but you don't have to film
it yeah I already filmed so much yeah
like I am editing a video right now as
we speak that I'm already up to 25
minutes and I'm just now starting the
question of the day footage 25 minutes
at all if that's too long for you guys
you like long videos or short videos or
what I need to know yeah we have plenty
of weird videos okay
you're so sweet tea cold uh that's not
the way to air-conditioned yourself that
is wasting energy all right dude a hot
on the refrigerator I'm kidding honey
where were you doing what what running
in the water all that see we didn't have
to go to the grocery store
Caleb called it lazy I called it busy I
was cleaning today and didn't have to go
get the groceries
yesterday I whinny
I'm pushing wynia let's see yesterday I
had a lot to do and I can't think of
what those things were right now yeah I
know well I can't think about it was
right now but this was amazing idea
especially because I can just sit back
and they're gonna bring in all the boxes
you know what they need guys they need a
sir ah ah
a spider they need a service that will
come into your house and put the food
away for you today we are waiting for
Liv to come over grace me and Annie are
having a playdate and um Katie won't be
coming over that baby the moms are
having a playdate to a grown-up waiting
right grown-up right
but Katie has a birthday yeah cuz
Katie's mom's coming over but not Katie
choppy
Katie's brother whatup Katie's brother's
coming over and lives brothers are
coming over yeah Ryan yeah duh
so yeah we're just sitting here waiting
wait for the girls to come home from
gymnastics inin Brennan Brennan is not
coming you know so we're just kind of
chillin chillin
waiting for the girlies to get home
we've ordered pizza yeah we brought all
the stuff in from outside all the stuff
was moved yeah so we kind of got all our
decorations back Bob the pit the Fogo
say the pig yep and we took the stuff
off the counters so you can see all of
it oh my gosh I can't wait for this to
be done yeah Caleb yeah
yes I am deal but written just pretendin
ain't it Oh Big Daddy's home and the
dogs must be blocking let's go help
Jimmy genomic trying to whisper in my
ear banana splits in my clean kitchen no
it will be a mess I promise mmm really
what what do we have for banana split
though I know we've got the bananas
banana split all it is is just bananas
and a little bit trouble Joe years--all
no chocolate drizzle like that um well
we're gonna be eating pizza soon but
it's a ball of chocolate right that's
the problem
Waveland Daniel will kill what about for
dessert we make banana drizzle okay
that's a deal but you can't eat it I
will okay you're gonna teach me how to
make this yes do you want to tell Mike
we can set it up honey I have a feeling
this is gonna be a mess I don't need a
perfect banana want to do the expert way
that I didn't just rip it off help me
thank you we'll make sure it's
completely empty before play
that's not how you check to see do what
you need what other ingredients or
supplies a kid night a kid night okay
now you'll have two that you can split
in half don't mean I can just stick it
together or you can stick it together
okay
you know you know how you think that
it's really like sushi
wow there's nothing good for you okay
okay um and then you need oh I don't
know oh yeah goofy I am so goofy yeah
what are you doing I need a job and this
Mickey you need to be wearing your
glasses when you're looking at something
in front of you I am gonna that's truer
than you think
hey there we go anymore like put it like
hot dog style hot dog but you want to
put
brother okay can you see it yeah so
sticky then you want to cut that Tiger
wanna put it right in the middle there
we go now you need a chocolate chip
first Freddie oh really okay squeeze oh
hey we'll go baby the new one like me
thank you
hmm oh it's gonna be crazy
it's gonna be crazy
oh it's blue these are Ben and mommy
just got a blue it doesn't go in there
we go
because boy we did you're not gonna call
it boy sweetie
I already oh hey
technical difficulties chicken Oh deke
now wait here comes the drizzle cut put
it good okay now
wait hmm
Jessica okay right here we have dessert
all right let's put it in the freezer
that the best time let's see where we
can find a spot for about right on top
of there look good I just look at that
okay all right clean your mess up
they're gonna taste delicious for
dessert are you guys share with me it's
kinda like fondue maybe Oh baby you
doing
say maybe did you say that did did he
try to wink I did that Oh like picking
up poop what can you explain the napkin
or something is do you pick up poop
often yeah just when the dog's poop on
the floor they've been good about it
lately I think you brought him up but
not me
so Brennan did end up coming Brennan and
Ryan hi Caleb you have friends I know I
bought you some friend Hey
they're pretty expensive so please be
careful with them yeah you'll have
limited time so please don't break them
okay they're just for rent all right
oh man so you guys spent all day of
gymnastics and now you're out here
bouncing gymnast problems what are you
trying
yeah and then a backpack out of it good
try are you girls hungry
your mom made a special trip for you
live a special trip for you since the
pizza you just had last night she got
you to pull a I know button
no no I did it but you're welcome your
mom did that was pretty good
now that first dry or fifth
alright let's taste it oh it's yummy
it's banana drizzle Rosen me and doesn't
like anything good I know is it gonna be
tasty frozen I know I think putting in
the freezer might have been a bad idea
hey Piper minder does this find the bees
left yeah you have wax in your ears
Chuck
they even bite us to let our cups right
here okay yeah why not get a full house
hey guys yo yeah I know we're really sad
that Katie's not here she's hanging with
some school friends at a birthday party
yeah that's right that's right Jim
school friends we are I detect a hint of
sarcasm Ryan just attack feel a little
bit a little bit of sarcasm just a
little yeah you're out finishes drought
oh yeah yeah yeah down stop please
okay Annie play baseball with your
brother you're out by caleb is us oh my
gosh it's fun I said I was sorry to say
hey guys it's me live hmm she did
they've fallen asleep senior anytime
okay okay whoa Oh a dollar chip I'm
taking this I know
we're talking about your dad being in
India nice shirt
bless you you never that is what if Fox
does no oh damn peek at sent us some
shirts that was nice that was nice
didn't get all her India yeah so I was
not there were this is and then I have
her theme
her dad was an Indian Joseph accessories
Victor they had they would set up their
really good
so have you how have you enjoyed your
friends that I rented for you for the
night it's about time your time we've
been more than two hours so we're I
didn't know if you're enjoying it if I
need to keep paying overtime
hey thanks Levi my take him back alright
Judaism persecute you want some new
friends would you rather have 20 kids or
no kids when you're older think about it
you gotta have 20 or 0 yeah so you'd
rather have zero zero
yeah really not like no kids but zero in
oh you'd rather have Twenty twenty
Twenty twenty one twenty and a half
that's it twenty or zero Jill 20 and are
24 25 I agree I would not want to have
zero
I treat you and you in
you knew that was coming
that's how much I love you I'm just
kidding
oh I would have each of you for my kids
how many are here raise your hand if
you're here in your case you're here if
you're hearing your kid 2 3 4 5 6 get
money in your kid you're here 1 2 3 4 5
well plane ninja le+ Haley and white it
Wi-Fi by the couch guys right so 1 2 3 4
5 6 7 8 + Keywest katie is 9 + a young
man I would have all nine of you yeah
take it away Brennan my mate what up I
just like take it it's like don't forget
to comment down below okay oh wait what
do you want to have 20 kids or zero when
you grow up is a hard one that's 20 s
too much well you got a pick it's zero
or 20 she'd take 20 cuz we want to know
no question of the day is would you
rather have 20 kids or zero
a baked potato baked potato Bay thanks
for watching
Britt Ailey
