hey guys so um right now we're shopping
I know this is our as you guys can see
this is no new um shopping sentry and so
yeah we're just gonna look for all the
food that we have it's just nothing
because don't we have like two things in
our pantry but that that is what we're
shopping right now
it's just like set it up so I don't know
what if you might lose like really tired
already that's really strange
it's really loud hey what is that
let it go in his mouth that's terrible
so anyways my mom says we're too busy
but I think it's just cause we're too
lazy and so yeah right now I am shopping
online for food and let's just say uh
you know just telling now you how were
shopping online for food are you going
wild no what did you order
I haven't everything yep is the best way
to grocery shop guys for busy order like
us what huh remember actual oh that's a
long time ago I don't have time to go to
the store this week so I figured this is
a good way yeah busy lady down I am NOT
Caleb they're gonna make them think that
I'm all karma Oh calm down
so yeah I've got so much goin on takeout
them to baseball and I'm just like okay
okay
and there's this thing called devil dogs
and it makes me think of one II really
yeah oh my girl beard you do I don't
know you don't you don't have to well
today you know what you're really good
at growing what fingernails
he could probably clip this in your
nails twice a week and it wouldn't be
enough all right maybe not that often
once a week once a week it wouldn't be
enough
got a little trampoline jumping going
what okay okay here we go
just enjoying you can't get over we've
been enjoying the weather oh my gosh did
that just happen did that really just
happen did you just stand up out of a
back bend
Congrats oh my gosh you know what that
leads to a front walkover like you could
get - oh my gosh the boys still in his
pajamas watch what your sister can do
okay will you will be quiet after you
watch your sister you can do this by
herself I could do this by myself
don't Oh what it's probably thinking of
problems Caleb okay watch
no pressure Oh nailed it
I think it's official Haley I think
Haley needs a new gymnastics channel for
my channel
yeah Haley's already planning her new
channel in fact she already filmed she
wanted to do we were talking about
getting a new channel for her too
because she's gonna start competing so
she we thought do we want to put our
gymnastics videos on Annie's deal or
start her a new one
we may be starting her a new one nice
and then when she found out that we may
start a channel it'll be my channel of
her just for the record seven year olds
can't have their own channels and he
doesn't have her own channel either but
anyway I'm getting sidetracked so she
found out that we might start her
gymnastics challenge she's like and can
I do American girl of doll videos too so
she filmed one yesterday
yeah the shake thing they made a shake I
don't know if it'll make a video but
I've even watched the footage but Caleb
told me that they weren't even filming
their faces so they need some practice
good job pretty soon you're gonna be
doing like front walkovers you know what
a back walkover is like okay so you know
what a bridge a bridge kickover but it's
it like you don't stop you just go so a
front walker will be that forward back
walkover is where you kick your leg over
at the same time as you whoa
same time as you bend over backwards
right what you're doing is a front
limber stand-up and what the other one
is you're doing is a handstand front
limber handstand front limber where you
either stand or you kick over handstand
front limber and you either stand up or
kick over out of it I'm gonna back
walkover can you do it back walkover
first of all can you do a standing
bridge can you stand upright this and go
into a bridge from a stand can you do
that like that yeah yeah but not using
the net
it's what leads into a back walkover
yeah now go into a bridge yes but don't
go to your knees first but that was
close so a back walkover would be where
you stick your front foot out and you
bridge over like that but you kick over
at the same time oh but you got to get
the bridge first practice your
your back limber no no no feet together
first practice just going to your
backwards oh that was almost an aerial
it's all in the arms it feet up out a
little bit spread them out a little bit
like that straight arms your arms have
to catch you so arms reach out there you
go yeah now kick so that's almost a back
walkover you got a kick back good leg
but you need to practice your that's
your bad they are good like no kick got
a kick at the same time that was close
Haley I'm surprised kick now it was
almost it you're just supposed to crush
on your head
Haley that was it yeah but that can you
can fix that as long as you know arms up
arms up okay you never start anything
with your arms down like that your arm
have to reach up tall like that neck and
the neck back with your no your head
goes back with your arms I didn't mean
to say neck back stop learning things so
I can do my home okay will be quieter oh
you just forgot the kick part Caleb this
is super exciting right now your
sister's about to get a back walkover
oh she almost did it without mean
filming arms up now go that was pretty
much it
it was a little bit of a pause in there
and you don't want to land on your knees
no you hit your head and then whip a
good push think about the bit backbend
first kick bad bad who are you talking
to
okay you succeeded Haley Congrats
can it be two in a row I know that's big
girl gymnastics Annie's gonna be so
excited
nice Haley you do like you need to count
how many you do when you get to a
hundred back walkovers on the trampoline
we'll get the mat out it doesn't have to
be today
Caleb studying in his pajamas standing
up outside that's what's going on here
insert drum dramatic music here ready to
hear the exciting news okay tell her you
forgot the first one
she did it and I have a video to show
you and something else today on the
trampoline you wanna see the video she
did it and it was a Purdy / Purdy's
was good wasn't it straight legs and
everything she's done she was like doing
trying to stand up out of the bridge and
she was trying really really hard and
finally she did it and then we started
just talking about different skills so
the mercy stands up we were talking
about different skills and I was like I
was like oh I know what I said she did
the standing up part it's like Haley
that leads to a front walkover she's
like what's a front walkover so I was
like well do you know what a back
walkover is like it's just where you go
forward on that and then she started
just trying to I was like it's like a
kick over at the same time as you go at
what you did front walker was the same
thing of a back walkover and she just
started trying it and finally got her
timing and voila that's a front walkover
and a back walkover is like what you did
so Haley has a challenge
tell her how many you did today the back
walkovers and what do you have to do I
told her if she can do a hundred not all
in one day but over time if she when she
gets to a hundred back were curbs on the
trampoline we'll try to move it to the
ground
nighttime trampolines yeah I think
there's a light for a few minutes before
we get ready for bed
special treat I don't think you need to
jack on the candies gonna take hers off
all right back walkover all right let's
see how are you stretched and she makes
it pretty much on the first try it went
a little crooked but that was a good one
arms by your ears when you go nice one
Oh
synchronized gymnastics one two three
now try it on the same side one two
three Oh Haley that was such a strong
Drive
that was your closest
we just made some like a crow inin Haley
new channel footage here um you know
what I don't have a question of the day
so let's just go get one from the jar oh
wait 24 we got it one time to go in for
the night
cuz girl where's your sister whoa what's
your lucky number it's a good one
mine are anything with seven or any one
thing with three in it
I like 27 Haley favorite number lucky
number
hey Winnie wait to you know just one or
unless you're handsome and oh baby it's
only have one seven nine twenty don't
forget to comment down below cuz the
only not the question today is what's
your lucky number the girl said I know
Manny's for sure but I don't know what
healing good so I'm just gonna make a
complete guess there's probably gonna be
like completely wrong
I'm gonna guess Inez is definitely three
and seven for sure
hailey is gonna be just a Hailey's is 11
for whatever reason I don't know it's
probably seven do you see her and he
sayd or something
but anyways mine's gonna be seven
Hailey's is probably three or seven as
well anyways guys
babe thanks for watching Britt Haley
