to be consistent did you say that the
other day when we asked the question of
the day okay so you got a new one since
asking okay here we go
this is the update this morning it's
really not morning anymore we literally
slept in the boys include including
daddy Jimmy and Hayden just left to go
to the Rose Bowl and we're coming in
here to bombard Haley away oh hi Haley
we're trying to figure out what us girls
are going to do today I don't know
what's open today but we can go and see
if it's open
two words our monitors trader no but
actually traders know I was gonna say we
can go see a movie but they don't want
to be saw a movie yesterday oh I'm the
only one that I'm the only I'm going to
a movie by myself I never get to see
movies ever you guys never so this is
what we're doing July 1st not knowing
what we're doing today 2018 this is this
is the first video of I know seven years
ago we uploaded our first vlog hi guys
my name is Caleb and I'm eight my name
is Annie and I'm sick my name is Haley
meant that too
Oh Josh you copied you
Danny and I'm six my night scandal about
eight doesn't she like Sunday rain oh
yeah I should stop babbling about trains
Haley adapt and we went to a movie right
yeah and she fell asleep you fell asleep
in your first movie
she saw that Yogi Bear and it was a
preview she didn't even make it to the
movie seven years ago and now look at
you still kind of sleeping seven her no
it happened and used to make the
elephant face her trunks we have all
these amazing memories on on YouTube
like that's my belief that would never
really made it we like we talked about
that I'm mad but I don't ever know if I
really captured like she used to say um
go away listen to all these memories
look at the stars have to show this okay
well enough of that we are going see you
Annie
we're gonna sit here and try to figure
out what we're gonna do today it might
consist of walking to see if the malls
open I don't know if New Year's Eve I
mean New Year's Day malls are open what
do you think cuz it is a holiday that's
creepy okay you have to turn the Xbox on
Annie wants to learn how to play the
Xbox the Xbox is up here okay that was
ejected and you don't have it on the
right input oh I did it
to get it right all right wait look you
got it is that what you want to play
basketball well eject it again oh but
put the game I don't know maybe you can
do it that way but I feel like the game
has to be in unless like it's changed
since I played this is hysterical hey it
is right there I wonder if you can just
she moved it to sit there yeah sit up on
the couch Hayden not daddy no he doesn't
I mean he likes Madden but Hayden likes
this game better I don't know I wonder
if you can like scroll over there and
play I wonder if it's on the saved on
the do you need the disc nowadays oh
maybe you're gonna you know you can
touch right there there's a little
fingerprint day though okay
need a controller good Danny you don't
need okay you have to wear them though
all right we did it look at us I mean
yeah why are you eating your computer
I'm pressing a is that the right
controller where's the other one it's
like the blind leading the blind you
have to turn the controller on yeah
might be might be widen maybe that one
wasn't on either and we could have used
it but Oh
overwhelming do you know what I mean we
were listening the Hayden play the other
night and he kept pulling everybody kid
now what he didn't do was mix up his
sports and yell touchdown basketball
this is really did you choose those are
the Cavaliers
you might have chosen them yeah all
right well we're gonna see how she does
and Leonardo da Vinci cuz you read it
you read his name Annie it popped up on
the screen and you said lebra it's like
every other basketball player I was just
gonna comment on how good she's gotten
but now she's like good he's waiting to
the clock runs off Annie what are you
waiting for
it ran out of time goofy you have to
hurry up and get no you have one more
quarter the Cleveland no I'm winning but
do you really know I really hope she
scores a point because it's so funny
when she knows she gets really excited
71 218 why are you just shooting
stop screaming custome buddy I got you
come on what are you shooting from there
the other teams at 76 in school he's
wide Oh
that's probably your guys that means
that you give it like two or three
points
I'm not your identity or three I'm not
sure if it's two or three but sometimes
you know with its rich down it was like
um okay Haley and Annie are gonna play
each other if I know how to do that if
you can figure how to get on to player
so Annie just kind of gave her the
rundown on everything she knows which
only took about five seconds it was it
was the Y passes and X shoots right and
this little knobby thing moves the
player that's about what she's in
alright so here we go gotta figure out
how to do two player wait why what why
passes
you got to make sure her her thing is on
okay so she's on me go back okay we
might have figured out a way we're not
sure it looks like they might be playing
on the same team I don't know if that's
even possible but we'll see why did she
she's probably the guard like the point
guard they are on the same team - we did
figure that out this time they're the
Washington Wizards yeah no Hayley kept
the ball Oh y'all scored it's 2:00 to
4:00 this is what we're doing today on
this first day of 2018 I hope your day
is just as relaxing okay miss that's not
nice
what is that noise oh we walked out
taking a walk to go get something to eat
and it's just noise yeah what you did
not hear Jimmy say that maybe
everything's closed but I'm happy to
report that Chipotle was open earlier so
I think places are gonna be open yes it
is that is excitement
so did you blog the game nope so no one
knows of your adventures at the game was
it fun there you go they had fun we did
with that we did absolutely nothing so
now we're out and we're going to go eat
some sushi if something's open because
it is New Year's Day and I'm not sure
what's open what are we gonna do if
nothing's open
you can I try go to sleep
we're gonna cross that star in a car go
to sleep what I said what are you gonna
do if something we're gonna play well
nothing's open play werewolf eat the
cards so far the taco stands closed
they're gonna be things open the malls
got to be open
what's poke a restaurant alright well
stay tuned to find out if there's
anything that we're gonna be able to eat
tonight there is there's gonna be
something open right there's something
oh no was gonna be something we want but
we'll see what go figure we ended up at
sushi can you believe it can you believe
it
she's annoyed because we didn't go to
the one down by Urban Outfitters and
that's where she wants to be she'd
rather be shopping and eating sushi yeah
they sell bedroom stuff and she wants
she wants what yes Annie once the car is
a turbine and Haley wants the bedroom
stuff Haley doesn't quite fit into urban
outfitters but we're gonna eat some
sushi
what should we pick at all you're just
along for the ride because you're too
young to stay by yourself
that's really why she's here let's be
honest just coming in just changing
seats to get close to this we know she's
trying to hide one Jimmy maybe hoisters
yeah there does look like there's
cocktail bus just slip it in like drink
it go for it just do it it's no spicing
up oh oh yeah she didn't try these Nemo
no didn't she try one on video before it
was a Muslim
it was annoys
so you just like just like stuck in my
heart is spicy whatever's on that
and now I'm going
well the incident
today
what do you think
did you spit it out you did you spit it
out meanwhile
- circuit down but don't waste it though
right now we're about to go to urban and
daddy's coming with me usually mommy
it's going but she so Daddy can and we
are going to get stuff for my bedroom we
walked all the way down to urban and
just realized that the store was closed
because it's a holiday it's New Year's
just realizing right when we got in the
door real like boy it's New Years and of
course the luck we have it was closed
and like all of the stores are closed
right now so we were kind of like I mean
duh but it's like some of the stores
aren't so we were kind of confused about
that and okay once or is not closed you
love it football game today
I didn't tell much because it was me but
I did film some of the cool stuff
yeah so I hope you're enjoying that
football film thing
oh yeah we're probably gonna try to go
tomorrow because it's not a holiday some
people say I wish every day was a
holiday but you don't think about that
in the morning bombarding Haley let's go
do it again cuz she's in the same spot
as she was this morning
hey-oh let's show everybody your stars
no you know why grouchy they do work
let's watch closure
wha oh I think I can see him I don't
know if I can see him on here on the
camera yeah you can wipe that is so
weird a little bit
I love whiny Haley she's my favorite
okay you can lights line for the
question of the day I don't have a
question of the day but we do have an E
playing the ukulele oh my goodness Haley
and her natural habitat now she's
exaggerating it though
welcome to Burton that was a little
exaggerated that was that was Haley's
but yeah half kidding
okay so who's got a question of the day
I got it
if you could play any instruments in the
whole world what would you play now
here's the twist if you already play an
instrument you have to pick another
instrument did say did you don't really
technically play an instrument I
wouldn't say you've dabbled what ukulele
piano guitar Haley what you got either
really piano or the Atlantic good not
Wow
loving those choices but I gotta tell
you like I tell Anna you got a pick one
electric guitar I'm so pretty
Thanks Thanks all right my friends it's
been a good day I'm gonna say it because
that's babbling what you're doing don't
forget to comment down below cuz we want
to know
question of the day is if you could play
an instrument what would you play yep
what she said and Haley needs a good
room Oh Haley just wants to watch her
videos and she should not she should
want to spend quality time with us in
here in her room hanging out all right
guys what okay my friends it's been good
I can't believe it lately okay how many
times have I said okay this video count
them with you what you guys watch too
much soup or whatever
on Facebook or mmm I'm really just just
trying to torture hailey at this point
what are you watching right now no
seriously what are you up to who name is
Meg if you don't care I do care that's
why I'm asking all right I'm gonna stop
torturing hailey what this new youtuber
she's amazing what's in her name's
Tiffany just take Tiffany honey okay I'm
gonna drag this little one out of the
back you little blue fringe hold on I'm
dragging her out of the bed Ellen does
too we watched her before okay he's
really funny okay you have to before you
get in bed you have to change into
pajamas and brush your teeth okay as I'm
not turning the light out for you oh my
gosh where are you going tomorrow Finn
do the recording studio yeah and then
the next day we're on set again it all
starts no I said I'm not turning your
lights on until you brush off until you
brush your teeth
I'm not tucking you in until your teeth
are brush
bye guys see you tomorrow remember to
celebrate life
based on baby
thanks for watching
for tailee
