anyway up cat so we're going to a lesson
miscarries lesson in blah blah yeah ah
ha ha ha oh my gosh you're gonna be oh
she's stretching ours
I want somebody who says stretched out
when she stretches up are you nervous
about me to stretch oh you should be
you're not nervous you're not human
you gotta know what she's getting into
that's why she's not nervous you should
be ready to get your dance on okay so
our facility today chase one tire Lou
and she went on talking to myself
alright we're here yeah am I gonna get
some cool footage or you gonna eat them
see me bunny or some silly but it
probably a little bit
how's it going good yeah and I'll just
say yeah we'll just sing your mommy
Pop's lollipop Pahlavi mom works really
hard on me boys co-star miss Kier
Wow chocolate tumbler no dude did you
just do trying to run through flora
music and it's not working okay but your
head like you're literally looking at
the floor as you leave it specially on
that first leap okay I need you to start
on that side and come this way
then I want your head up and I want you
even though the mirror won't be there to
try to get yourself to the mirror thumbs
up because she's looking down yeah
you're looking down so you're always
just going to go down it doesn't seem
important but it is important then I
don't mean just for the looks of it it's
just it's going to draw your chest back
to your Jana so he can still switch
watch my arms switch head back okay
mm-hmm
yeah yeah
right there better much better right
sorry my singing wasn't it today yeah
it's probably all because of your
singing because that's why let's take
that um front sergeant laughing in the
middle of your speech late he's like a
lip singing and crying cuz it was so
beautiful and Bao Zi nice job yeah I
mean look good Khurana in that Danny
your voice heard my face yes today were
both talking like that man in her and I
was really trash-talking each other just
gonna quote scientists yeah cuz you make
trash off India's your voice heard wait
sorry pal voice okay oh my god
I mean your point Urkel I start my
agency literally on the beam oh wait
with this wins that when she got hurt oh
this is the day oh yeah crashed on the
tick-tock oh and you do a side wheel to
Jimmy do that is because block those
knees okay freaky cartwheels a bridge
I'm pretty sure troll thing is the
technical term like that circle jerk
yeah keep it locked okay yes both of you
I'm sure you're being routines
there's a fall off the beam
good nice work
redo that with your head and your arms
please flip smear more again even more
that was like 50% better I need 100 head
and chest back thank you awfully Hey not
good Oh
people do you Tunes up welcome
go dad's lap box ah paper cut the box
back anyway anyways today I am on
motives deck like yeah we get it
I don't know if I got in the shop you
can kinda sit there and with that y'all
saw my baseball face cuz I'm about to go
baseball and it's gonna be great
cuz I'm gonna go baseball and yeah so my
god baseball you do a debase myself so I
got a baseball thing to do anyways so um
yeah uh I don't really know to say but
Hayley's doing something in this room
sauce check what she's doing
hey hey hey are you supposed to be
cutting that Hayley no oh my god come on
ready let's go come on
mom
Teddy cameras going on today hanging out
some cute little girls from gymnastics
I'm gonna steal some girls mom's
kidnapping but they love me and their
mommies told me so it's not kidnapping
no I was just kidding oh hello boots on
you will meet him you got to go to
baseball
well you gotta probably find them I
don't think we play baseball like that
laying on the road stick instead of
looking for your cleats right now the
wisest decision he's goofy guys this
one's goofy - she's gonna push him over
let's go push him over you're going down
yes bed wrap battery's dead yeah I could
go what no I'm gonna make you back and
what are you doing you're doing stuff
you're not supposed to be doing
Hayley you're doing some arts and crafts
in here yeah making a butterfly
fantastic Oh what I robots alive you
gotta go get some girls from gymnastics
soon we're carpool tonight you're gonna
join me you have to join me because the
boys are going to baseball
so y'all stuck with me you're fine being
stuck with me all right
gonna get your winning oh my gosh that
is scary get it get it Winnie Oh get it
what is it Winnie guys look how scary it
is
what is it Winnie it's gonna get you
Winnie let it get you wedding Winnie
that is scary dirt don't be mad at the
dirt eight you made something for
everyone so mostly for daddy right it is
a butterfly right there what would you
make your eyes make string and it says I
love you I got to see you guys I love
you guys you're gonna add the U and you
can say I love mommy guys so just add
the word mommy and I'll say I love mommy
guys like you're telling all the people
that you love mommy I love mommy guys
but daddy more weight no she's not salt
nope
no more using plastic cups now that we
have a dishwasher there use a regular
glass you don't need to use a plastic
you're not a baby anymore you're big boy
oh I don't know
no ma ya bratayley secrets guys want to
retail a secret down here we have mason
jars that we frost and makes your drink
cold make your hand cold soo ah mo mm
why that's how you spell daddy da dee
dee why you spelled a DG o o FY what's
so funny
our house will look complete when their
beams are covered with the wooden beams
what sorry I got sidetracked looking at
the house again it just looks a little
weird like that not covered in the
ladder there
what and our couch is not the right oh
sorry
what does hey hey what do you say hey
cuz I love daddy
and Molly ain't a mom but daddy the mush
and and what is it for how'd you reach
it I'll show you guys in the camera some
other time
stay tuned stay tuned for that when
we're gonna have time to do that
we'll try guys y'all just learn we do
the BK be on it
Rozlyn is how could you do this rustling
oh that's punching I assure the
champions tickled no look it solidified
now try to break it here squeeze it and
break it they say you can run over it
with a car break it I don't want to
break it
why do we have to she's so strong long
she can break it yeah break it
we are the tiniest no wait
she's the time break a come on aah I'll
do it I'm the strongest me I broke some
money I feel like I could break it go
break it break it up oh boy okay go in
the ground
we might later but I feel like anger
breaker
yeah just you know that I'll keep it ah
there's a railroad car later on a BKB
right this is how Haley rides the rip
stick you can do it no hand okay well
don't knock yourself out on anything
hard yeah where the couch opened good
there's a hole in the floor no hands for
like two seconds
ah yeah there's a whole one here look
how good the house is starting to look
guys there was a wall here big items
left floors backsplash we're watching
whoa ah we still haven't opened the
boxes from Australia okay all right
we're watching the dogs fight that is
not how you should treat each other
sisters oh can I look now don't hurt
yourself
15 times p50
oh the near a pro go you trying to get
to the couch uh-huh
so close that was it
they're getting all this out because
once we get the new floors this can't
happen right
all right we're carpooling the girls
home and they're dating I mean they're
just they're fighting over who gets to
sit in the seat and over here simply
sighs - no - oh well gonna be
rock-paper-scissors but now lives
bargaining for muffin Rock Paper
Scissors shoot hey is that one two one
two one I missed the first one oh but
that was just the first one is
one-to-one
y'all comes out of that know what they
both want to sit where they can see the
screen you guys can both see the screen
oh no I want Oh
I was desperate phone ringing it's my
back it's Billy Bob recognize hello oh
yeah please um carpooling the girls how
what are you doing
Oh moles talk to you about your photo
field
oh it's secret stuff that you guys can't
hear about listening wait what do you
say is that easy to talk to me so I
guess we'll talk later
oh uh plants live Katie Haley and Annie
Luca yeah your best friend mr. brilliant
you up your BFF never filming to to say
hi ah filming thing all right so I got a
drop all these goofy kids off and then
we'll be home I'll keep two of them I
don't know which two yet but two of them
are coming home with me what's the names
of that yeah we'll draw and we'll see
who gets to come home with me all right
all right
and I'm actually seeing my face is
rather beautiful
I don't really know I do this I kind of
like it like this Oh gag huge forehead
oh your hair like that you sure for my
daddy was we got a 5 head
hey that's my friend your 5 hat no no
the guy I am really close to this car
right here
how's my hair today beeping is about
that's a hack that's creepy
oh he's staring at me and I back up
what's he gonna do crazy
he's gonna throw something at you okay
okay so anyways we just finished up
eating a Texas Roadhouse yummy Hayley
hated it and um so I look like a frog oh
sorry time guess what happened today
yeah so I'm just gonna say three words
but damn I'm actually going sorry a
catch by frog you're attacked by a frog
by a frog how did this happen tell you
the story okay
okay so I was playing gather round
getting your pee to make sure they get
in their pajamas they go potty
they brush their teeth and then they can
come back what this get ready for bed a
bedtime story pause the video guys it's
a food yeah
is that a scary story oh yeah all right
are they back play I got this what go
ahead tell the three never pause for a
paused it and now
again no all right go oh my god okay so
other ways it was around um July 13 2002
so I was born no anyway
but it was this morning I was Shawn's
baseball gets my pitch back and caught
the ball and I was really good at
baseball I caught the ball again threw
the ball gasps I've got them all again
but I love the BA the Haley came out and
she went back in and mommy came out she
was there so she went back in and then
so I threw the ball and I hit the green
part which is in the bouncy part so
didn't come back to me it flew off to
the side I said you're a good at
baseball no it's fine it's fine it was a
mistake
rookie mistake I'm not working with any
seventh year mistake okay it's fine um
anyways but I go over to get the ball so
I get the ball picked up the ball I
start walking back I step on something I
feel something really slimy on my foot
you were barefoot right yeah yeah
don't worry though I didn't kill the
Frog okay good it does jump right on my
foot and it really scared me so I threw
the ball in the water ran away hey Who
am I the father figure was in the
basement watching you show a knock at
the door really loud he says what do you
want I don't know any girl scout cookies
closes the door sits back down I start
knocking harder he gets out back up I'm
calling the cops because I don't want
any Girl Scout cookie desde a frog
attack we have frog attacked me and he
comes out and see the Frog and says
Caleb it's a two-inch baby frog
and then he makes the Frog oh neighbor's
yard and then we all try a barbecue
party because he got really bad frog and
in vain foggy hurt me so we all want and
nobody died good that's always good the
pop-up died though because frogs don't
live very long
later I don't know um yeah so you were
attacked by a frog check my frog another
story
I don't have any one story and they want
sorry people now you gotta get to bed
girls what is your work Masek skill
proudly turning to excellence Oh take
over
alright you know I'm tired and I had a
cough so I took medicine for it and it
was tired medicine so tired
mine would don't really have skills and
baseball what's your worst light where
like what you wait where do you play
worst but for you like catch her on
first base excuse you I'm like the
bestest in all of those positions
probably
I think fantastic okay go ahead
probably ah babe oh babe thanks for
watching Britt Ailey
