hi guys we're the parents of the port 80
kids and now that we're in more videos
we didn't think it was fair for the kids
to do all the challenges and us not do
them yeah so we're gonna mommy's really
excited about this so we may even go
back and do some of the old challenges
that the kids have done but in the
future we're gonna try to at least do
the challenges that we do this is kind
of weird cuz they're on the other side
of the camera right now
and we've never done a challenge like
just you and I together like we've done
the family gymnastics challenge but kind
of bizarre you know why we've never
known science because I'm the big
scaredy-cat
cuz I'm gonna win he's gonna win we're
doing the eat it or wear it challenge
and it's very simple the kids just did
it earlier we've got 11 different foods
and thrown of us go check out their
video yeah it was really cute find out
who wins because he's gonna win this one
and we are each we get up for the exact
same food and we go to individually
individually decide whether we want to
eat it or wear it and we can taste a
little taste we gotta get a heaping
spoonful if you're eating it it's got to
be huge and eat the whole spoonful or it
gets dumped on your head the whole
container if you spit it out
then it also gets poured on your head
I'll pour it on her head
and I'm gonna pour it on his head and
that's the name of the game whoever can
eat the most different items wins and
it's gonna be him because I've already
like I know there's gonna be so many
that I won't go down no we're gonna let
the kids pick what items we well what
order we eat the eyes that so Annie goes
first
uh-oh we're good you're good
we still look great yeah our son first I
believe they started with custard as
well
their daddy's nice to them okay I don't
even know why I'm gonna bother to even
put this on my spoon cuz there's no way
that I'm going to get it all down judges
is that good yeah yeah I can do this are
we gonna feed each other didn't we say
we're getting in on winning well I don't
trust you parent Edition predator where
it cheers there's no way there's no way
I might be able to do this I didn't
think I could I like mustard
oh my mouth okay one this is gonna be
really gross if I spit this out - you
spit it out the world is gonna see us
oh my gosh oh my gosh no that'd be gross
I did it I really thought I couldn't do
that
burning I can feel it down my throat
we're spamming
I have never truthfully ever eaten Spain
I'm not a spam fan I am you're not a fan
of spam mommy you don't need that much
for so long well yeah I never had a man
tears much hmm I don't think y'all know
mustard mm-hmm your stomach my stomach
when do they get gross oh I mean there's
worse things that could go in my head
Haley just ate it Haley I had a piece
this is what marriage is about right
here yeah gonna put spam on each other's
heads I don't get the with spam on your
head my stomach is like now I know how
they felt how do I look
something that I can eat nope these
nothing I will not eat means they're
going straight onto my head when do they
go Haley get daddy wait you gotta eat
yours first
me before I let you do the honors of
boring beans
on my head you must not show me yeah he
ate it oh my gosh no don't you do it
pour it on your my head beans in my room
what's next anticipation Danny just
before the next thing Danny bought its
cheese I'm not gonna be able to okay
next one nobody needs a mr. for there's
enough judges yeah I mean I use the
likes but I absolutely despise
everything about God of cheese the
texture the flavor the smell I hate I
don't like it as much as an adult but I
think he's gonna eat it
who hears church he'll get it
okay this will be nice done give up my
mouth mm-hmm beans are still falling
exactly I'm sorry it's our than you
think summer than you think it is it's
more sour yeah we can't cheers with this
okay
no way give it to me crashing oh my god
okay come crack it on my head listen to
me very carefully do not hurt me the
hurt I've never had an egg cracked on my
head well you've had a million yeah well
you want to do it you want to do it back
here on the crown of Rama
okay hard Oh
shavers what's this you're gonna eat
that have you done that before yeah yeah
have you know what do you got
sorry yeah okay I like hot dogs don't
know how like about SARS I've never had
sauerkraut and I don't think I'm going
to start now you guys know if you're
gonna dump you much here's the problem
with the sauerkraut which is one scoop
once before here here's what your head
here's the thought though I had to just
wash sauerkraut out of Hayley's hair so
now you so now I'm like thinking that oh
if I could just get this down then I
wouldn't know Annie still has mustard
left it's really bad he just I've never
had sauerkraut I can't stomach this
nope go in my half limbic scoop that
would take nine kill all right Haley
come put this on my head step up on my
chair and watch are you ready
Cheers SpaghettiOs that would be really
messy I mean let's do it okay ready I'm
not doing that no peace even I won't
even attempt you don't like do not like
peace this is gonna be really but wait
wait because this is these are really
good
I don't like peace I don't like the
texture it's nasty oh my god wait maybe
I want to try to eat them let me wait P
I told you everything was getting bored
on me I'm looking at the clam chowder
and the tune I could provide you the
tuna
I shouldn't save SpaghettiOs for last
because that would have washed it all
day
all right Kuna
they're over there deciding what torture
will be tuna I'm afraid that I'm going
to tell you know what I think I made the
wrong decision it is actually more
miserable than you think to get all this
up for it on you so maybe I will try to
stomach the tuna oh yeah of course it is
I'm gonna warn you I know it's every
five your being doesn't want that juice
on there but that's what's gonna make it
not dry in your mouth all right I
remember when the kids were doing this
earlier they couldn't drown because
they've dumped all the juice off of
their spoon I don't know if I want to
new dumped on me guys he's got one more
I say if I eat you let me dump the clam
chowder on third no he just wants to
like have a like perfect record
perfect use clam chowder I've never had
clam chowder
I've never had before in each other
before lambs in it
Cheers
our spaghetti is all right we have to do
a thumbnail come on
wait okay wait wait let's talk about
this one that was a victory celebration
my victory all right well I hope you
enjoyed this parents edition of eat it
or wear Eric's that was more disgusting
than I thought and as we speak
I have beans and peas rolling down my
back I know it doesn't look like it but
I want he won he ate everything
um so don't forget to thumbs up but I'll
say that you subscribe new at this
comment down below well you shouldn't
have to do now yeah what you want us all
to do next and go watch the kids video
that they did this yeah it was pretty
wet out I think this one looks better
I'll be horrible but the red is going to
the microphone on panic okay so yeah
that's it green flare on the top yeah
you were doing that on purpose aren't
you anyways yeah bye got it bye
babe thanks for watching Britt Taylor
that was disgusting I'm never doing
another one of these again kidding it
was gross you know I feel yeah I'm like
covered and nasty daddy I think we were
working but messier than you guys
