time for metalli good morning good
morning good morning how's it going
what's the what you doing when I go that
seat on our on our balcony go take a
look out here I'm assuming it opens
because there's chairs that would be
really rude they put these chairs out
here and then the big sign that says I
bet you think these are comfy we have
ordered room service and we have a nice
relaxing yeah need eating catch with
starving such a wonderful breakfast
we've ordered room service
we pretty much it's good to relax here
until we go to Mickey's not-so-scary
spooky scary I've said it so many times
I can't even remembers not-so-scary
Halloween party and that's gonna be
super fun and I think my cleanse just
fogged up and I wasn't even paying
attention
that's how humid it is out here guys
just now yeah so we walked out it fogged
up we had this wonderful view of the
parking lot but you know is kind of fun
because I like to wat people watch
it's too hot though you good yeah yeah
okay okay good so we all got till we got
home so late last night we all slept
until I'm gonna go in because my camera
looks hen if you see it yeah so we got
to get these kids up soon but we're
waiting for breakfast to get here all
right well that was fun
see you guys later oh my back quit
whining just quit your whining why are
you always whining okay so something
very important should be happening at
our house right now counters they better
be being put in right now - the daddy's
pretending like he's the editor of the
family so cute he did at it today saying
muttering l can't see it well noise well
it looks like I'm crazy because I went
over there like there was nothing
airplane come on you're not you can't
airplane yeah you can't I promise dad
hold the camera oh come on this will be
so awkward here we go you have to get up
on your feet so you can actually it's
not on your hands don't put your on your
stomach we're dry now the challenge I
know you guys should probably switch
this is good oh yeah I don't know yeah
yeah yeah you see how she suckered you
into this don't hit her head good
workout she hits a head on that head
Barnum everything that you did I taste
oh gosh right so you have to kind of
shoulders push my shoulder ha but it eat
another gram right lord I do I get on
the ground now yes we got this yeah it
is
you didn't hold it well you were falling
so sometimes when you guys wonder why
our videos are late this is why we're
getting better footing okay one more
time what we had to do - is the
thumbnail Wow what am i buying a better
thumbnail and - it men did we wake you
how was your lilo and stitch bed was up
you're sharing it don't see I'm on this
side so I'm was it everything you ever
dreamed about at a lilo and stitch bed
wait have you ever dreamed of sleeping
in a lilo and stitch bed how dreams
really do come true
it's pretty cute guess what I have
Mickey pancakes coming for you well we
probably pretty much filmed our whole
video right now you're not leaving much
room for other I knew epic footage Annie
yeah I know my dad daddy what that's
pretend my what you should be like watch
me whip any I'm 87 percent sure they
don't say who love when they're who
don't say all right cut oh please oh let
me turn the camera I am turning it off
that is it people that is all you get
we'll be back later good always just
when I think it's safe to turn the
camera huh the boys away
Dale Sleeping Beauty is away you did
Sleeping Beauty did you get all your
beauty rest
you didn't you need like ten more hours
okay good night little ol dumb thing
anyway I should be cooled lava pool
disgust right lava in the pool headed to
the lava pool on this beautiful morning
here at the limit Polynesian Resort to
Katowice today
how big do what it's not that bad I had
to stop that talk about the humidity
tell Nicole
the mine
good again
I'm so proud of you head five head five
you did it when it's Mary or that just
perfect no did it take a lot of nerve
yeah yeah did you keep changing your
mind
good job Haley it's pouring and we're
all huddled under this canopy
and you look at our little Caleb hi
little Caleb power through Matt Caleb
power through it power through it it
doesn't stop hurting yet
we'll do a little rain dance
No oh yeah you are
it is poor ring
but a wonderful day plenty of sunshine
headin my way
we have editors on
it's talking
I'm getting wet
I know I can feel it he is still hanging
out
are you
hey where's my first pirate I just ran
into the door walking backward we are
ready alright you're the youngest we are
ready for Mickey's not-so-scary
Halloween party oh I'm ready
pirate number one all right yeah you're
fired number one where's pirate number
two
fire three I don't know what kind of
pirate he is but he scared the dog the
other day in this costume don't worry
nice okay got it yeah
hey smile
crowd ohh nice
Oh
we're about to eat we're going to give
you some energy before trick-or-treating
hired princess I mean the pirate
princess iris
you're not gonna be a pirate
what are you gonna be for Halloween
you don't know yet
we already bought the costume
my mom and dad one day like their
birthday wouldn't work so they went
downstairs
well that was this morning because I
went downstairs after we were done and
they said baby said it and then we came
back after me still working so we locked
out and we already called someone to
come and get it and so where should be
the person in a day out here which is in
the hallway is for mean Haley who your
favorite Disney Princesses which is for
Caleb who's your favorite Disney feel
safe favorite princesses for girl or
favorite villain for boys okay so mine
is um
jasmine is first okay Rapunzel and weird
Merida and her pack a print oh boy no
one Oh fillin jeez I'm tired who your
favorite villain me mom I'm not a done
Disney villain just a regular ol villain
do you know any Disney villains general
don't oppress don't wet overestimate you
oh I would never over at something you
don't worry
I like relative villain Jafar you hope
you like Jafar
which one am i answering princess or
villain princess my favorite princess is
probably Belle or Snow White daddy who's
your favorite villain
thank you
Cinderella's stepmother yeah she's me
what mark my words you should not Hey
look
James yeah hey we had fun today but it's
time to go to bed it'll be good until we
get home to blows we wouldn't know today
is did you feel okay
Jenny princes your girls into is your
favorite didn't you go with your boys
tomorrow bye ah babe oh babe thanks for
watching
Britt Ailey
