the last seven i/o and I am nerve not
nervous I'm happy and said and right now
and I am in deciding what my room's
gonna be like and I want it to be like
my favorite color is and my favorite
colors are like like a teal and my god
peak it's gonna be multiple colors and
then I don't know what betting I wanted
because I wanted the checkered now I'm
like I'm so confused cuz I will always
focus on guys I'm sorry about that
knowing you a meal
but yeah it's my won't make now I think
we're gonna go to urban outfitter yeah
we have some bedding and some things I'm
gonna clean my room
but for now oh and there's my computer
found it there's me Napoleon it meself
yeah and over here we have Annie making
a video get ready with me New Year's Eve
edition when do you plan on posting this
like literally today gonna try to edit
it right now
yeah and then I'm gonna post yeah yeah
so we are getting ready this New Year's
Day slowly but I mean New Year's Eve day
slowly but surely we're still enjoying
our giant beanbag daddy just jumped on
it um what else that's it
as hailey might have said can you
believe it's the last day of 2017 at the
same time this a song about it I'm sappy
so we've got plans later on we're doing
a New Year's party at bowling alley with
some friends here and LA and we did a
middle part on it just parted by itself
today usually it's a over to the side
more but for a while we were trying to
do this middle part and then I guess she
got tired of it it's not like an exact
middle part I think it looks good on you
yeah okay alright my friends there's
your update we'll be back when the day
gets going a little bit more into my
salon okay clean hair but you want it
straightened any curl in it is
completely straight completely straight
okay all right I'm completely ready to
go and we just gotta get Haley and he's
finishing up her video I think she's
completely ready to go cuz she didn't
get ready with me so she's completely
ready she's just trying to edit it so
she can upload before we go we're gonna
go to a movie and dinner with Hayden and
Jimmy and then we're going bowling right
for New Year's Eve
we'll be back and we'll show you the
here's the before turn around oh yes it
will show you the after give me like 20
minutes
and the after so awkward but we may have
gotten it straighter than we've ever
gotten it before Oh
all right it's time for her to go get
dressed you know what you're wearing you
know I don't know no Haley I'm not used
to without the tripod I'm carrying it
weird he's carrying it like this it's
weird right now I'm about to get dressed
I think I know what I'm getting dressed
in but I don't nothin colorful is in my
nothing like okay there's a lot of
things don't know where are you Haley
come on you got this the real version of
me trying to pick out of nothing this is
what I do every day
okay so like now my option of shirts
here are the only options that I picked
out okay so I have this little shirt and
I have this one which I don't know then
I have this one just turtleneck but no
this one is going back okay now I'm
gonna pick the pants no I don't know I
don't
well that shirt is not gonna be work
worn because we are going bowling and I
was gonna figure a skirt with it but
that's not gonna work
it's this tie-dye shirt I think I'm
gonna go with stats Wyatt I do this
every day
like literally I say there's nothing in
the night start finding things at least
something like one thing one thing I can
wear
this is my sister's but I'm gonna try it
be right back I know mmm I had to put a
dinged-up on it this is not gonna work
so finally got my outfit all right the
magician you can have this up no I know
you're gonna oh you can't stand over
there cause it's bad lighting angles a
knee angles all right hey you got to go
over there too so Annie went with a
casual look with a big ol heel chunk of
a heel okay
cuteness oh and she was able to get her
video filled edited and it's uploading
right now Hayley's outfit of the day is
of course not complete without her
favorite a favorite fashion staple from
Zara oh I love it
Hayley oh they aren't backwards
they were backwards at first it's not
backwards okay okay okay I need to put
my tripod back on my camera because you
stole it
come on okay yep
it's so funny and Cuban feel like every
time you like she got a little awkward
on the camera it's okay just weird cuz
you've always hold you want a camera I
know but when it's facing the other way
I get so awkward I'm like I don't know
what to do
Nicole made me do a boomerang on set the
other day and I was like first I was
like okay yeah and then all of a sudden
like she started and I'm like oh this is
so awkward I got really awkward and I
know it was really bad okay well we'll
work on that in 2018 oh please no
all right here yeah the movie theater
taking pictures for waiting for Jimmy
and Hayden to get here and oh I wasn't I
wasn't in that I forgot
at the camp blog cameras enter better
I think I blinked
over ready and the boys are still not
here
so we're gonna go in and wait for them
okay we're good are you good okay easy
oh okay here we go
we already paid for the ticket does this
one we ordered them online
all right who's gonna come back out here
for them though cuz we've got their
tickets
daddy daddy well okay here we go my
friends to new year's eve movie Jumanji
if we haven't mentioned X I can't
remember if we did alright see you soon
look who finally showed up to the movie
and you're still shorter alright well
the movie was really good I highly
recommend it
sure them through outfit of the day oh
we already did what's your outfit of the
day your New Year's Eve and now we're
gonna go eat okay it's kind of chilly
out here where we lost two people did
they say inside in the warmth those
people are looking at us pet we're
filming video
or they recognized us and it's there
they I think they recognize where do
they go for real though sorry they got
taken Bethenny yeah what was that what
did she turn into we've already
forgotten the names Shelley was the guy
that was oh I don't remember who I've
seen him in a few things here let's go
show them on here this is Billie Dada
Dada Haley the Gator alright I really
don't know where they went what are they
doing in there
how they did look at them going up the
escalator and I we didn't even know they
weren't behind us but y'all playing
Madden or the other one the basketball
and Rubik's cubes she'll teach you how
to do a Rubik's Cube and you teach her
how to play basketball
same I don't I just Anand I never said I
just I'm not interested in the Rubik's
Cube Wow
heard the conversation go the signs of
magazines Annie yeah you ever sign them
now
well he's got you here have a whole
stack of magazines that family is gonna
want so but we made them sign them so we
have a rug oh boy
it's a Santa onesie that's what we're
doing all right who's ready to rock oh I
just locked it sorry all right we're
here we've been at this bowling alley
it's a third time I'm counting I don't
know why it's the only bowling alley
we've been to in LA fun facts let's make
sure we didn't leave the car on because
we've been doing that lately Wow
oh look at that one I bet that one's
mine
compact we could squeeze in I cannot
believe that we are like three hours
away from 2018
oh the East Coast is already celebrating
someone's celebrating Happy New Year I
don't care
it isn't in on the East Coast for three
hours and 15 minutes
the countdown is beginning now we did
miss the East Coast one
all right I don't know how much bowling
is gonna be going on but there's gonna
be some games that's right all right
that's a party vegan I feel like it's
really official now that there's hats
going on and lays in the year 2000 and
they turn the years it's not any people
that's happened to people today Annie
how many people do you think live on the
earth there's probably lots of people
who have been born today yes and how old
would they be congratulations
they'd be turning congratulations on
becoming a grown-up great Brooklyn and
Bailey's birthdays today any mess Wow
two twins don't pull up here we'll get
kicked out for that no no no I don't
want to get kicked out of our New Year's
festivities fondant rollers it's fine to
get kicked out
don't mess up oh well that was set up on
the glove
Hey look at you first bowler of the
night here we go Dylan started off or
she's not she does not like the choices
of pills tonight oh yeah
I would see someone break down and down
Oh
there's so much going on
she dropped her phone doing a handstand
her phone fell out of her pocket and hit
her finger it's probably gonna bruise
hey it's always a first ones the hardest
I always start with a heavier ball
really
here for you Haley
letter open it
what is it
I'm not looking in there
I would not see my hand in that go give
it to Billy let me get it I want to make
sure that I didn't risers oh yeah so
when you like holding up art they're
like yeah it's become a give a good look
at what this was
we're gonna try to get Billy okay now
it's like somebody opens like this
towards me he opened it towards me yeah
she's like who can I get 15 minutes what
were y'all doing oh uh I don't know what
was happening but yo 14 minutes
Haley
are you guys out of breath yet y'all's
hands hurt getting crazy in here some
people have a headache oh good thinking
you should save your breath Haley oh
yeah you go around in a circle
handle
Happy New Year everybody handshake first
arm broken new years gone wrong I think
that's officially the title and he's
like what what do you mean game
thank you okay
okay I'm really tired as you can see
very tired I think it's eight
question of the day is
what are you looking forward to this
this year this year okay
fashion your clothing line clothing line
Annie what are you looking I'm tuned
this year what it was what are you
looking forward to this year
conversation
welcome 2018 Annie ah I am looking
forward to oh good one yeah
well what what are you you said what
what are you guys looking forward to
daddy wait so draping drop georgia heads
up at the box
jörgen done Josh was that guy from the
movie from Annie I'm still filming I
know but this is an important question
what was the question
Drake and Josh the guy from Jumanji the
guy who's like weird and stuff and had
bugs crawling out of them was my friend
Jake Drake and Josh I don't know because
he looked like one of them I can't tell
which one it was a very important Annie
I'm glad that you mommy
hi I'm kidding I'm being sarcastic
you're welcome wait okay okay
oh my goodness getting a husky I want us
so bad so bad
oh we're doing that oh my god oh don't
forget my mom got me one know that
question holiday is what what are you
looking for we're doing this here yes
banging number to celebrate babe thanks
for watching Vitaliy
