we are going Science Festival fair of
all going to school so um yeah we just
got in do you feel like a step back in
time except all the clothes up all the
clothes clothes for fail yeah other than
that yeah the first thing you're gonna
do
yep first up hair brace and Haley didn't
get it done last year did you we had to
comb it out with this pic this is called
a pic and you're next I think
we're waiting here and he's getting hers
done right now but mix with a comb with
a brush and brushed it all out nice and
saw heard of called a diagonal something
five diagonal and yours was like a
cascade or something my mom yeah it's
going to be all auntie's here is going
to be up you're going to have some down
it's what we picked right
oh it's beautiful
you got to be put to work
yes I'm thinking where except you cannot
just pull on it too much because the
metal go against the grain you're just
cold what relax
that is your cascade that's true and a
beautiful brain
another one to hold a meal for Cory I
don't know what is yours called Caleb
yumminess a croissant sundae and now
it's on your pants on your Pam Annie
just came and said now she's good to go
it's got her hair done and her food hair
was the best part you haven't seen it it
looks great what do you say alright you
can go eat your ice cream sundae or
croissant while I pay why are you so
scared you don't want to fail you just
have to beat one yeah thanks good
oh come on
Oh get it off oh thank you hey daddy
miss he's like a really good dart player
too so that was like embarrassing
embarrassing I don't think he's
embarrassed I don't think he cares right
he probably cares how'd I get zero
yeah I'm Scott - yeah it's skimmed off
dude I'm just I'm a master master it
darn up the touch touch of just
strawberry Italian ice on an orange YUM
an orange bayonne that grows in look so
here's the orange down here it's hard to
see it's so cool
we're going to the movies this is
amazing only last from mommy
yeah your kids don't think you're funny
Oh
he stole it from what it is not the
amazing name daddy you're a thief a joke
thief which way Haley
did you know where you're going we just
go in a circle who ate all her sausage
mistake she didn't know now she wants a
stick but you can't can't run with the
stick mazes make me feel like it's fall
we should be in a pumpkin patch I'm
getting dizzy
which one would that one got it okay all
right and then I'm just going to feeling
that it's not that's okay
which one the little one this one would
probably look more real what would you
like I like the other one like this
today I mean I think they both work this
one looks more real than a bobble one
okay we'll go with that one
you're all fears look amazing I said
before before there's something
different about you
yeah you feel different I've new freckle
a new freckle that's that's it and I
knew something was up
people are staring at me that new
freckle I know here's knowing about your
new freckle
I want to pet you like you look pedable
I'm not that weird is it kind of weird
that I wanted that I mean let me bet you
that he's not the first place you've
gotten or did you look in the mirror
money I got a super footage
I need to see that it all right over
there I like will do a 360 spin
one festival come to an end we walked we
ate we got fake ears put on a beach a
car
Caleb runs we play we skip wheat world
yeah we did hair I'm hot I'm in it for
the heart it was so much fun and I don't
know what we're doing now we're going to
pack for Disney World
you're almost there to the car we are
kind it was a long walk to the car it's
beautiful what I saw him hide daddy does
she notice I can't tell honey she just
wants to play she's just happy to see
you okay
she didn't notice your ears no they
don't notice no oh
you didn't notice she's gonna pull the
ear off
Oh timber and you fall down what's wrong
I don't know
whoa be careful it's going hi miss crab
ever look oh so cute it's a Chinese crab
ever look a little close whoa
yeah hold it you're gonna pinch me no
it's a little it can't pinch you happy
Semih nice hold the camera Haley hey you
know it's little calls are too tiny to
country yeah look at the time you know
huh it will it take oh you are a ticket
I'll take it
now take it please the tiniest crab ever
how tiny it is did the mommy lose his
baby I'm going home with him don't drop
into a - hon that's fine hey yes he's
women all oh he got blurry oh my gosh
you think you think that's about the
size the crab was huh it was cool yes
and he's like I was in there doing
laundry I can hear her get acara mommy
come here mommy's oh hey
you drop it
yes I just happened to be there when you
pulled it up so I grabbed the camera huh
then I want the big one go goes big like
that big cool it's time for the pushing
today and the question today is what
your favorite TV show go before we go to
that I just edited a video and hits one
of my makeup videos and it's coming my
first one and to go check that out to me
on Ocarina probably the day after this
video comes up Sunday right yeah cuz it
will be up on Wednesdays oh yeah I'm
very excited because we started until go
check it out and make sure to subscribe
and thumbs up it and yeah um so anyways
cushion day off hmm
uh my favorite TV show is oh this is
hard I think it's either Liv and Maddie
or best friends whenever a girl meets
world
I know strike the best ones whenever
okay
say bye oh wait and by the way my
channel well it will be about gymnastics
till like 1:00 meet season comes up but
right now it's gonna be for makeup yeah
so to make the video hmm don't forget to
come to come but of Ghazni you wanna
know done question of this day is when
your fit tip favorite TV show Hey ladies
a girl and um boys and girls
dogs and cats fishing other fish we I'm
certain eighth grade mom I found it a
lot very fast opee I'm so ready for
school down did oh I'm feeling alright
guys Dahle did see me work
Jesse wait gonna be like wow this guys
talked
Wow you just wait it's gonna be the
Nixon area like in the next couple
months years of the month completely
wiped out with all the stuff you know I
got school to do guy school school to do
everything's gonna be pretty much I
can't do anything because of school I
mean you know a schedules full of school
like my schedule about his schedule it
would go Monday school from 8:00 to 1:00
Tuesday school for meet you get the
point anyways so yeah as you can see I
have all this stuff put down on the desk
two of them
that's my I'll lock your computer right
there I got a bunch of this stuff I got
a stolen phone right here um like a
headphones this that's so nice the ILA
dog stuff so you can see this piles
pretty thick so yeah definitely a lot
more something last year I will say I
think it's kind of unfair that Annie and
Haley get reading books and I came out
of them our dream but they get the tiny
bones I get my reading book is this huge
thing myself I'll get it now it's the
pile sure sure right here as you can see
this is look this thing's pretty thick
that's my reading book what a privilege
what a privilege that says anyways okay
so another me babbling bah-bah
lap line back Bab lion yep
I'm already passing guys you just like
my output the book sir yeah I'm already
fast Babylon how is proper turn that bad
Babu baby babbling baby lyin baby lie
and I get it now
anyways okay guys so um I'm gonna just
stop my babble babbling don't know why
it's just so hard for me to say right
now I'm just gonna stop my babbling it
looks like a makeup on right there you
see that it's like you got blush on I do
not have blush on guys why would you
think that's okay anyways um I'm I'm
stopped still you're ruining your life
I'm kind of recording in here for like
five hour four minutes
you see same thing sorry guys no I I'm
about too much okay be nice teach us to
teach them about school really cook are
they really smart now good job guys
almost punched you
so anyways um question today is this was
ready to take movie oh my god mom
other film of so long half got to quash
today that's why so I ended the people
were like no and I was like wow rude and
then lays out what is fair to show hmm
let's go question fight a beard be
really slow right now series face
probably have to be
hmm I was probably have to say TV show
Criminal Minds probably probably Oh
totals getting y'all guy off the bats
probably made something like that I
don't really know guys anyways you know
we'll see you all later
he'll be a great dad when we see y'all
later so you know it's my work on my
blog because we want to dodge the
question of day is what is your favorite
TV show anyways guys will see your mom
take baby thanks for watching bratayley
ha ha what is about me Oh
