time for hey come on we tell you what
those are huh
what are they when are we gonna open it
today hi you later hey guys so um we
went to go pick Haley up and on our way
we're going to get donuts we're in the
line it's really long but I don't care
for little divots ooh strawberries with
chocolate but somebody doesn't care
I am tired and then my ten oh man so oh
look at that one feeling like I was
gonna throw up watch me because I could
nice I feel like yeah so let's go pick
up
why does she have practice in the
morning wash your personal Saturday
morning why don't you have practice in
the morning because a little practice
needs a more brightens your favorite
morning to have practice because most of
the people she does gymnastics with our
home school so they can't do practice
throughout the week
Howard yeah it's really the denominator
on the school yeah done with gymnastics
say she over there see way I'm like put
her face in my hand how do I do this
okay
see look she has a face hand face a an
English yeah so she got done and she got
a Ring Pop and I got away oh it's fair
don't worry I worked very hard for you
today and I watched very hard for this
ring yes so anyway this is like one of
my self first
velvet Lea's but it's so pretty look
here it is it develop it on the Green
Knight three letter L it just like a
normal thing right here and I know cool
- great yeah mommy says she doesn't like
velvet and Haley has velvet on so
I would have helped it and his daddy
with his Packers thing so go back okay
bolli leave that in hey just hair by
myself he did actually I was proud of
him I didn't even know he knew how to do
here but yeah what do you think that
Haley's mine oh you cheated
ha ha ha but you actually hit did her
hair and good mommy know about this yes
the other fingernails are breaking I
have been having to do dailies because
mommy's fingering overworking I think I
knows I've broken so we'll get our
fingernail son today oh yeah I remember
when I got jelly old didn't move that
when I tricked my daddy yeah I was like
this in the car
and you're like Annie they're dry I'm
like I know it's just a habit I came up
with a new a crow and a song and let's
see if I can get it this time beautiful
hey that that's better that it at the an
addicted other doctor a crow
rowena good incentive to not go either
so I've got to shoot a video for kids
plus dance week and you can go and check
out that video right here click here my
careful wait where one of you like right
here and here's head it involves this
blindfold so let's do this hey guys
18 I will be doing the oh my gosh TV
video today hey guys
so um um mom went to go with Olivia's
mom and a bunch of other moms to
somewhere I don't even know but my dad
was about to take a similar to go and
eat but now we can't because he's asleep
and it's like 7:00 but she didn't go to
bed last night till 1:00 so yeah I'm
gonna get dressed because I got back
into my pajamas because we were filming
a video
about something I like more your team
and yeah so hmm I have to get dressed
don't know where yeah
I might wear I don't even want to get
dressed am I not I just look here Haley
silly hat she almost plead to the eyes
open I can literally like do her makeup
while she's sleeping but what bigger all
right looks like it's Jimmy John's again
since Hayley fell asleep be good by
Jimmy John's watch Oh George good hey
got you guys cookies this time in the
heaters up weed on the microwave not
what though do i what
who put that there hmm sure you guys
want to do tonight since mommy's gone we
should party like it's 1999 hmm you
wouldn't what do you want to do there's
no movies out we looked what will we do
with Hayley Oh she'll be fine by herself
that's cool we all need to bring her to
a movie can't stay by herself she's not
gonna want to go see am in mission
impossible
yeah cuz sure wanna see mission
impossible hey Hannah why don't you sit
down what'd you say would you say about
your sweet precious sister - she ruins
everything
it's not like a brick thing today so
Andy and I are watching football and
she's figuring out that the stuff on the
screen isn't actually on the field is
that weird like the yellow lines not on
the screen that's on the screen isn't on
the field and the thing that gives the
down and distance writing a big red
thingy mean the people are really on the
field yes but there's a lie
you and the fake people you're like
playing in a studio and it just looks
like they're playing on a field so
Tennessee's playing Oklahoma who you
going for okay okay well you go for mm
your mom hmm well your mom's from
Oklahoma hey you know that hmm who are
you homeboy Tennessee hmm okay me too
and then Ella she's playing later you
wanna see that game yeah it's not on yet
I'll show you their play see that
Mississippi State who you're gonna go
for oh yeah you better get your show you
have a green big packet sing on but
that's a protein mm-hmm who's your
favorite gymnastics college team hmm no
no fellowship LSU oh that's a good when
I'm glad you said that how you like I
like you so much
okay zealous she's awesome the end no
really for the day
why do you have scrunchies on your arm
because a a chinois and this one's very
fuzzy your project I put it on my leg
and go like this are you supposed to be
in bed or something it's only 8:40 I'm
generally watching a movie or something
mm-hmm you want to go to the residence
yeah do that
I know what you're gonna say yeah are
you gonna dress up no do you know where
you get your hair done look are you
excited
Wow how you gonna bring Piper I'm
wearing a dress
are you ready yeah great are you gonna
bring pepper yeah only Tommy my cocktail
that's not very smart
we'll stop
oh it's going on it's lacy now on you
know getting on get in ah there we go
did you just do that dork because don't
you love my fashion yeah beautiful
fashion and you can hide it yes how do
you hide your face like this perfect
see you later bye yeah only we're got to
buy one dress costume
you're in my dress costume oh yeah sure
where is Lee ah oh yeah I knew my jazz
legend go right hold on we'll do that
beautiful nice I like it okay go
Oh God well the question today and the
question today it's cuz won't me and
Caleb are watching movie down here is
what movie could you watch over and over
again and still up mine is home wise me
Caleb but yours mine would definitely be
um the one that we're gonna watch but
you're never gonna watch i watch paul
Blart I'll cop to have you ever watched
it yeah how about one there we go okay
oh yeah drama love you in another
cooking today is what movie could you
watch over and over again
twinsies it's still by tomorrow
potato baked potato baked thanks for
watching Britt Ailey
