today I'm Bailey that's cool okay you
ready for something now that you're a
woke come see what this is in here one
come on little tiny girl okay do you
know what those boxes over there are
those are all the boxes of all the stuff
people brought us at the Australian
meeting green I was wondering what that
little Kim school stuff oh they're
flower packages from Australia let's go
see one get all that I have a ton of
stuff huh
pick pick one of the boxes up let's see
I'll be how heavy it is
you can't get it
thank you for big giant boxes
something's got a surprise oh look what
kind
he's gonna make cool he can't wait he
told me we should wake up I should take
you let's count has school which running
well I just got a take on the boxes
Dartmouth go take him the bat boxes okay
is he still asleep
oh no Paul smells like paint lots of
paint you going on okay he's gonna be so
excited is he on the couch either I'll
eat on the couch he was awake earlier
yeah I got you your box yeah yeah yeah
Caleb look was here are you super
excited all right learn something like
by osmosis or something
I don't think you think you're funny you
learn it all get up is not pleased Caleb
won't even remember the show with your
head it's the only way to learn it's the
only way to get you to learn no not
funny little funny pulling my hair up to
a ponytail why is daddy doing it because
your nails are starting to break yeah
look if I have a crack and my fake my I
got enough they're not fake nails
they're the gel nails and it's cracked
so her hair keeps getting stuck a my
fingernails I've got more than one there
so every time I was pulling her hair
back I was pulling a big old chunk of
hair in it so daddy's trying it now this
is gonna be the fun part
can you yeah it looks pretty good can
you figure out how to put that on hey
is it hurting does he know how to do it
don't got this all right come here hair
they gonna go around one weirdo oh this
is crazy dog who designed the system I
don't know by the time he gets up I
don't know it'll be tight it up now pull
it tight nope like spread the hair like
that there you go oh not bad daddy I
think that might be gymnastics worthy
what I love you mind do you
it's practice a few times right she'll
be the judge of this Haley he did pretty
good didn't he yeah alright go get a
headband we're gonna go get some lunch
yeah because though I have appliances
they're working on stuff right now and
not a good time to fix lunch yeah hi
Winnie nice to see you too how daddy
does it hair daddy needs a headband I
thought you're gonna fall back and he's
ready in 45 takes you 45 minutes to get
ready beauty is pain and I don't think
it's really painful to brush your teeth
that's what you're doing hurt where's
Billy yeah okay yeah else when I summer
in your face like I thought you were
just close-ups
I thought the fingers mug shots actually
mug shot that would be your mug shot
that would be your mug shot okay anyways
so right now gosh that was awkward
tell is really all getting in her car
how do I go listen to company noise okay
so right now I've saved up like a tour
money and stuff money all that money Oh
stealing anyways yeah I've been saving
up a lot of money to try to get a new
computer and now today is the day
hopefully that will finally get all of
it
and then I will have to stop stealing
because I just told
Jake hey hey ljk yeah there you go
you're not stealing so the shopping
begins okay see you in my office
Oh see you without the camera zoom you
see that I thought it was hiding one
everything is so exciting I can find
dying guys
oh no Haley stop time are you playing is
the day the game I know no for level
four what what game oh space game okay
Wow I'm eating a manatee all right
Caleb's gonna feel amazing if we find
all this stuff here good all the fun
stuff what do you need what do you need
everything I'm going to buy you one of
everything
one of everything loaded up just kidding
I'm buying you nothing Oh
oh look at this these are colors oh
that's cool we're excited we're like a
kid in the candy store we don't know
anything about it's a display we don't
know anything about Caleb's gaming we
try we sit down there with him and he
tries to teach us 7.1
we're out some headphones adding it all
over your ear and what was that back
there if I have to do that on your
computer trying out Mouse's I'm gonna
get this one I'm sorry
end of story and use the term correctly
not mice it's not mice when you're
talking about this one sir computers
it's the fifth 5502 that is a cool one
it's like shaped or under
can you reach a oh I've got one happy
well I'm so proud of him because he
saved his money he worked hard did
chores and allowance birthday money it
took him a while how long to take it I
can hear two and a half years no it
wasn't that long and he did it he was so
responsible because when he first told
me he was going to do that I liked how
to laugh that I'm like not because he
spends all his money but because he
doesn't keep up with it he never has it
with them but he did it look at my baby
boys like it's heavy you want us to help
you you got it I know you're gonna do
something what are you doing you're
standing there going oh we put my back
oh you said that me here
me Haley Akon when he ate an acorn cord
you could just go what are you doing oh
she might have figured out how to get
out you didn't know those open it's for
the cushions except I don't have the
cushions in here I have the cushions
inside many who thinks it's a beautiful
day out
me too like perfect no no no that
doesn't sound nice showdown ankles and
that lamp in the lamp yeah I'll give you
10 bucks if you hit it oh don't hit it
please no go back it up but you missed I
don't know you ten bucks now double or
nothing wait no I thought how that works
it would have been double or nothing if
you had hit it double trouble alright
double trouble whatever that means
oh that was the clothes let's go give a
a kitchen tour yes nothing fruity fruit
is fresh now yeah come to a kitchen tour
look oh I forgot these lights how do you
like
oh I'm taking it you did pick them out I
like this job he's telling really yeah
this invisible counter next week it's
not going to be this weekend yeah Annie
did you hear me it's not this weekend
it's next week what yeah
punch a Manny bunch of Irish your dinner
tonight
a gourmet five course meal duh don't you
see me working on it be the vault table
ah this might not end well
daddy follow yes the fruit is fresh
Annie died out a little and do it Katrin
my pillow better wanna move how good for
some energy
that's cool so these are going to be
frosted so that we can't see through to
our food in our pantry and this will be
frosted so that we can't see our laundry
ross'll challenge magically just let's
just see nothing
it's coming together y'all I'm so
excited we picked out the calendars we
picked out the backsplash yeah the
floors have been ordered uh what are you
doing and why is she letting you do that
keeps you sly dog just all gonna watch
us ready
don't get mad any construction well it
better support you it better support you
and support us at all
if it supports the house and it can't
take an extra five hundred pounds just
kidding
oh yes hey guys
so we bore about to fall asleep and we
totally forgot to the pitch in today so
we were watching a movie and we were
about to fall asleep so Times Square
today I would do it up in my room but I
don't really go all the way up there oh
so question that is what three word did
you use to substitute describe your
family hey crazy sweet and fun
that's one to know you to think okay
crazy no just create to pick your own
just crazy okay
silly hmm goofy goofy goofy weird hmm
fun nope thank you for this oh my gosh
it's okay I would use them awesome
awesome
although so don't forget calm down below
cuz you wanna know the crest of the day
is what I say words to describe your
parent no no your pants not your pants
your family so yeah cheese lighting okay
there we go
there we go
database database thanks for watching
Britt Ailey
