we both woke up with stuffy noses Annie
had all frogadier's her yesterday too
though okay okay can I talk okay good
testing testing today we are going to
use loose stone the very first time and
mommy
of course it's origin Taha I mean that's
what we have to try out first it's our
favorite lunch right Jacqueline
yeah it's been so long I know it might
sound silly guys about 1:00 we love
macaroni and cheese and - it's been a
long time because we haven't cooked in
our kitchen in like two months
ends of us all start beginning of July
every month seems like forever but I
think it was only two we're getting to
cook on the stove I think it's a little
funny like the kitchens like in disarray
no counters stuff everywhere but I've
managed to wash some dishes and cook
some mac and cheese all in all it's a
good day and then
Mickey's not-so-scary Halloween party
hopefully maybe even before we leave
oh maybe this weekend or Monday laughter
I have to go to the chiropractor for my
he'll have a heel pain and from my heel
trip I had itchy itchy bumps all over my
foot so my heel cup is probably helping
a little but I can still feel the pain
and yesterday I couldn't either walk out
I mean I could the only downside well
there's two downsides the heel cups not
working so maybe it's not what you used
to have like she used to have what was
called severs disease which was
something with the I think the like a
growth plate not in connective I don't
know I don't know I could be making that
up but the heel cup actually helped it
but it gave her a bad rash agent now the
heel cups back and the rash is coming
back except for the fact that the heel
cup doesn't seem to do working anymore
so where that's why we're going to go to
the chiropractor and see if he can help
her out she does not like it cuz it
hurts but we were asking her yesterday
would you rather have a lot of pain
every day or at practice and hurting
every time you go to practice and you
tumble in your vault every day or a lot
of pain just once maybe twice so that
the doctor can work it out what it would
be a lot is a lot of time a lot a lot in
the long run it'll be worth it stretch
Annie's nervous Hailey's spinning
I'll be waiting for the doctor that's
how she cried every time do you think
you're coming she slides them
he does kind boy your ground
nice
so we're in the office preparing
preparing I've got something hidden here
as preparing this office and
straightening this office up because
school starts for the girls
Haley tomorrow Annie tomorrow Jim but
Caleb school stuff he'll start Monday
cuz his testicles cool stuff comes
Friday but anyway we're in this office
and we're straightening up and I just
came across a little note to mom I says
hey mom I'm sorry but I have a lot more
tests left oh yeah this is what end of
last year I'm hoping tomorrow I'll have
them all done signed Starbird Haley let
me say uh starve if I'm hoping to eat
tomorrow
TMR that's cute Caleb that's cute Thanks
start feeling there it is guys so this
means that school is starting soon for
us a fresh start
my little eighth grader my little fifth
grader and where's my first grader yeah
go figure the first graders snuck off
when it was time to clean up and Andy
stuff all our schools suffer in those
two brown boxes over there we were
trying to straight now before we open
down an open box opening there's my
first grader what were you doing you
snuck off you clean yay Oh
it's not quite done who's excited for
the school year
I heard him is me Caleb's not another
year Haley's excited for her half second
half of her first grade year yeah that's
her new school Stan we're about to open
it we're gonna make sure we're wait wait
whoa whoa whoa whoa you got to make sure
this is cleaned up so I got my books
opened and it will add the package and
I'm so excited
open these balls like we've already
opened them but like luggage em so I can
see what books I have for this and so
far I see tests and quizzes head so
let's see what 5th grade is gonna be all
about through a class is she huh I have
beyond right I am Aruba called a no no
no problem every ok sec and then I have
in this one I hope is this science yes
this is science this is how despot
Arthur saw me then Haley look what's on
his history book you're ready the same
way this is a test
this is yours with me thank you
this is yours mommy
Wow so this is mine Tess it's
and science test this is help this is
laughing that I know what to do today
both for that day
and then here is you're not even showing
this here's a little tape
hmm where's it go history here's my
arithmetic but I always like to do this
last page ok the last page of actual
yeah this it yeah well it's just that Oh
what are you
what's that that's okay Oh and history
two books of history I'm gonna die these
are maps ah gotta learn where the where
things are in the world so now this is
motivate us to go see what school
supplies we need they don't need when
you homeschool you don't need as many
school supplies I think like obviously
the Kleenex cools a horse
spelling hold it up your sister so we're
gonna go shop for like pencils and
scissors they still need glue or while
you're at gymnastics then she has uh
enjoying good health health health tell
her all right quick quiz has be okay and
then she has a bunch of books ooh
what are the books gonna be successful
oh goody
and when if you're gonna be learning a
lot of American history in here just
like we've been learning on our field
trips their paws what I'm thinking you
just walks okay Noah Webster you learn
about Noah Webster a man what a man who
two words I love words well Caleb loves
words my penmanship up Oh
he says some of these things she had in
fourth grade windows to the world she
likes this year spelling and vocabulary
have a horse that's gonna be her
favorite subject the same one you saw
dan finally she has Avengers na you're
being conned by injury you should be a
public speaker Caleb hey
counterclockwise today will be rating $1
into the wall
I need not watch my time there was a
little girl and she was in the window
when she saw her window looking and
writing dear
we need colored pencils okay bless you
thank you so um just write down what you
need because in case I need to go while
you're at gym don't frown let's write me
down with unique I need to think of it
get up and get a piece of paper though
but it's do far there are all the
pencils away all the broken ones sure
did you know that's wrong this is born
in here Amy there's a phone in there's
an actual phone oh my new phone that I
ordered Missy what's wrong yeah I
ordered a new boom that's like let's
open it up and see it which kind is it
hat Evans oh my mom that was brand new
in fault they didn't fall for it
Caleb's broken when we tried to prank
him and it was a prank
fail thanks to this smart little girl
that already happened as I was in
gymnastics my mom and Haley went to go
school to for school supplies and um I'm
gonna see what there is
I don't know what they got and someone's
tailor someone's mine it's always on
Caleb's so my mom's gonna tell me whose
is whose and this is gonna be Haley's I
think so this is gonna be mine this is
will be Hailey's his new good Caleb's
ready to go there you go pretty girl
yours is it cool I thought the last
minute six o'clock and a fan it's not
cool that's awesome
Haley's so she can sleep at school
that's the first thing I thought she got
we were school supply shopping she goes
can I get this pillow pet for Kayla
cause it's a zebra and I'm like it's
pink she goes can I get it for me then
I'm like so you can sleep hey Caleb no
it's good right
hey listen I didn't know what kind of
binder you wanted so you get to choose
your binder so that's a binder and this
is a binder when you said binder I
wasn't sure look looks orange on here
but this is more coral yeah you open
that and then it's got a folder there
it's got like a little pocket in there
and that's just like y'all that aside
now
Caleb's scissors
Hailee's mine i needs a new scissors i
don't know yet i think i got you more
than one pencil pouch
Hailee's it's a ruler she needed a ruler
thing I got everybody a ruler she picked
that rule is in here for me is already a
ruler in there well I got you one case
you choose the other on them you can
have either one leave the other one for
Caleb rulers put them to the side if you
don't know
Haley's everything he knows Haley's they
ruined it you have all pink ears
you're the only one cuz they're pencil
sharpeners here
Hailee's pencil box I didn't know what
you wanted so that's yours yours and
Haley's they're little mini pins thank
you
put them her file Haley's what is that I
can tell you which pile your erasable
pens Haley's paint the boys are home
where's my boy those aren't the boys
serious how is baseball good yours
I'm a tang no cheese that one's yours
little mini one this yours and I got me
one too your sesame sticks you try
they're good em how like that's me
neither no but it's different
trust me Oh just chew it was like toast
that's not convincing Caleb I can tell
mommy
nothing ever tastes good with this face
what's bad
look you yeah the dividers are yours the
only one I got a binder whoa hey
well yeah Oh Winnie doesn't even realize
what are you oh y'all licious and his
mommy I'm not taking my food opinions
for my dog yours they're their pencils
aren't they fun and I got Pecola by pack
or Hayley I don't remember now yours
Caleb's because Hayley chose crayons
Caleb or an extra almost done with the
school supplies Caleb's luxury my super
Caleb's hey I'm there's a pair for you
to be happy
well the dogs chewed the all right right
now there's one more thing oh there's a
little one more bag I asked Caleb what
he needed
Caleb you like that paper yeah this is
mine yeah okay lives is the plain one he
wouldn't care dinner is served
yeah you got poked pets oh my gosh what
is this masterpiece you made oh yeah I
like fondue I need some chocolate this
Hellenic ah
tella okay oh gosh that was almost
really bad that's a beautiful plate you
made a dinner look at you're gonna be
like a master chef hmm you love
designing all this kind of stuff the
taste is good that looks
mmm made all my decisions decisions are
made now I just have to get all this
stuff into this pile like all of its yep
and your backpack organized the animal
that's the one you decided up between
these two okay
that's it and then you got to put all
your books in there you're gonna be
ready are you excited for your first day
of fifth grade kind of on this one yes
I'm very excited and made my decision I
don't know what that means
what do you think I don't know I think
that you can have that no matter what
you need to choose between your binder
that I got you ah never got all right
we'll be back later with a question of
the day all right we just just got some
Jimmy John's delivered we had never
ordered Jimmy John's for delivery told
it was a late night with baseball and
gymnastics and Haley fixed herself her
own dinner breakfast dinner but heard
father dearest ordered her a surprise
yeah open it and see what it is do you
have any guesses first hmmmm it's hot
cold oh I can't open it
Karadzic we should think of a question
of the day too while we're sitting here
I'll go get one large special day what
the heck is that
tickle oh she loves pickles let me dig
in to the question of the day Joe Oh
Seattle pick okay I got one
what was your favorite moment this year
so far I know mine Australia yeah but
I'm gonna boil it I mean I'm gonna I'm
gonna narrow it down even further
cleaning the giraffe without yours too
yeah yeah same Hayley or riding the
horse on where no one else's
well people ha oh can we film about that
that could be a secret um I also may
change mine because I think what topped
feeding the drafts
we're meeting well meeting everybody in
general at any any meet-and-greet but I
think that my favorite part was only
expecting like 20 or 30 or 40 people in
Australia and getting so many more they
said 2,000 people came to that maybe my
favorite it's right up there with FIFA
drafts my jingle ah because name is le
door that's a good one what if behind
this door
two dogs we win two dog we shot a
champion my favorite moment is probably
gonna have to be feeding giraffes
because I don't I can I'm gonna say I
probably will not ever do that again and
not that uh like I just don't think
that'll happen again and um while I was
my favorite moments because it was just
fun entertaining to do and dogs anyways
so um coming down below because we want
to know the question of the day is what
was your favorite moment this year so
far and there really isn't um a name on
who said it so I can't really say that
just says so far as where it usually is
but anyways I will see you guys all
tomorrow hey babe
thanks for watching
Britt Ailey
