time for metalli
hey so we're on our way
take a master go I'm really tired
because I didn't go to bed till 1:00 in
the morning till we're all still kind of
on Australia time and yeah when you're
not scary
that
my teammates and got some Pinker
hi Nico it's my first day back and I'm
very tired
and I'm kinda nervous because it takes a
while so I get back and it feel it feels
like I haven't been to janessa and like
a long but it don't let them like we can
have so yeah be a long day cuz you're
tired so you're gonna be sleeping it's
gonna be a hard practice cuz yeah I've
been gymnastics and we can have and then
you're gonna crash tonight we we are
trying to get Caleb's room all clean
because his room is pretty much done
with any this construction that's going
to happen so we are trying to get this
really really really heavy bed pushed
against the wall with three people and a
midget a cute wittle tiny baby girl
who's gonna be the cameraman oh yeah
thank you ever girl okay camera girl
alright little spin for me
those are going that way ready that go
anywhere everybody yeah do we go
anywhere no y'all just a hold this in
we're professionals here ladies and
gentlemen's oh yeah your job when he
pushes that this is no one come ha ha ha
your job just to hold this up it's
simple
alright so Haley it's gonna fall all
right Haley it push this way under gonna
you film it in case something funny
happens like I almost
I live in and he's pushing in his right
hand you know your thing
yeah here here teamwork are you ready
won't you three go oh one two three
we didn't do anything
oh sorry altar oh we're doing is key
there
okay looks gonna push no cuz it's coming
apart
good job Elvis mark you go much further
to go
I think I'm gonna be a construction man
when I grow up please pick up that far
that's progress
alright back to your position soldier
while I do everything I don't really
think we did anything no good don't tell
daddy but we don't we didn't even do
that so many choices I'm overwhelmed
doubled over damage on a corner that is
so cool how the lizard mommy no love
creepy Hey oh my gosh I am completely
overwhelmed who knew that was gonna be
so many choices
look at this everywhere everywhere you
look there's more Hardware Rose rose Wow
on some flowers
we're probably insulting somebody
watching right now probably has these
that's weird they're beautiful a paper
we come around yeah sorry
I don't know like there's so many
choices think I'm more confused than
when I walked in Haley which one would
you pick you do these are door knob yeah
you don't need a door knob right now how
for me you just say not for me for me
for me for me I go figure are everywhere
ah these are fancy but I don't think
daddy's gonna let me put them back so I
just I didn't know I'm nothing so I just
on its own master doesn't know what to
say she stole something so just say I
got done with gymnastics and now we're
going to the mall yeah see that's ready
that's what we're doing and my heel is I
had a really good day but my cure it's
really bad and then these to me need ID
to bring me the Pottery Barn nothing I
knew that Pottery Barn she wants a part
of our teen kids so now that I'm gonna
hear you
yep if you say you and I like it I said
hey give her a piggyback ride he's like
can I just carry your like a baby
whoa well we got the little girl from
Jim okay anyone that's hi anyone it's
dinner dinner time and it's dark might I
am I don't like as the you know the fall
and the winter approach that it gets
darker earlier yeah boo and it's and
it's longer
thanks yeah we are gonna call them why
I'm acne but it's a happy birthday okay
four more
and soon as she answers what are we
gonna do don't do it yet no she can't
miss her own worst days alright alright
contact
now it's like you look like young no
monk you smell like you smell I want to
get you what happened oh those are home
bones you moved let's try the cell oh
yeah never
here we go hey ready she better answer
all these anticipation memory hello
happy birthday to you happy birthday
well we're good over at cutout oh okay
yeah
we're filming say hello to everybody
watching oh honey thank you up everybody
says happy birthday you will say happy
birthday to her in the comments right
now say happy birthday to mom and happy
late birthday to Haley they already said
happy birthday to you Haley the speech
yeah hey I got a bunch of birthday yeah
yeah so weird up inside to the old house
to get a few things and before we do
that I'm gonna skip a little thanks
for the play-by-play but you know what
if you think about it that's kind of
what we do a play-by-play of our day but
superwoman in this fun I like drifting
Annie's foots hurting yeah just going to
the chiropractor tomorrow don't like it
yeah it makes you feel better I know it
hurts yeah
superwoman whoo hey Peter Peter Peter
this is to Japan oh these were yours
when you were a little I forgot you guys
haven't seen anything from hailey
Hailey's freaking out cuz all of her
stuff from her room is down here aren't
those cute Nani bought those for you
yeah oh yeah memories
what happened to the carpet it's never
looks small still have a lot of stuff
are we cool yeah feels good I'm gonna
take all this but where you gonna put it
all on your worst picture we'll just
throw that in the garbage on the way out
No look at all these Danny I wonder how
many there are no no no we only came
here for a second
you've got ten seconds to grab whatever
you want something you need I want
anything you need this yes Annie where
they'll get a light bulb yeah
hey I chew things you got ten seconds
one two no three four five
all right I've given you like 20 extra
second time is up time another picture
and your horse picture so if you say it
count do those boots have been fit you a
young young but you're cute you're gonna
squeeze your lip foot into shoes that
don't fit you old no time of up and
that's gonna be jeez I gotta switch it
out with my rustic oh why are we dog
anyone we did it watch out hey hey but
take a lovely
yes picture she'd ruined you little cute
I want to get some canvases and you can
do some you were really little I think
when she did that we should've dated it
and then now she knows how to draw like
this she wishes just kidding
best that was yesterday's joy and this
is today's look I do that
and dad I love you man so no you're our
dad his mommy was rushing Michiko all
right
we Came we saw darker we conquered hey
guys it's time for us to know the day
who raised that time cut the language is
if you could be any age for wink
what age would you be hmm I would be
probably I will say more than younger
age I think I would please like you
could already be Batman for like a year
right um remember it's like maybe I'm a
3/4 and you don't remember okay so I
would probably pick - I don't remember
me being - I was like I remember me
being three one time I asked me put
makeup on my doll yeah wait no it was
either four or three I was three and
Polus I did my nails there's really no
stuff as I was doing stuff mommy might
marry me she was like going again hmm
and after my it retails for my childhood
my favorite my nose a wall a film your
toes exactly where I'll be right
de Melo because we know don't forget to
comment below if you want enough going
back is if you could have if you could
be what we what would be what age would
it be I want it you're starting to go
slow stay back guys so as you can see I
just took a shower see here's all wet
but that's past the point um anyways so
the worst of the day is if you pee one
age for one week what agent bean mine
will probably have to be 30 no um like
25 just to see how taxes and all that is
so one of these guys remember to come
down below who is your going to know the
question today is you could be one age
for one week what HP and of course like
always we'll see you guys bye babe
thanks for watching
Britt Ailey
