time for my tiny breakfast time
breakfast is served
what you don't want rotting bananas for
breakfast what I can't see why Wow
that is fabulous this is a sign that
we've been gone too long look at our
unfinished kitchen we got appliances and
a temporary sink who's excited and most
importantly a microwave for Haley's
frozen pancakes her fave Nutella with
rotten bananas that would be delicious
pancakes um banana I mean pancakes and
Nutella I'm on the rotten bananas still
today
time for your appointment with Paige eek
it's great salon you have oh hi Piper
hi we're gonna get in the bathtub mm
bath you want some salon time she's
gonna jump in there ah Piper hi trying
to tell me something this is the best
salon ever you can bring your own dogs
yeah come out of your room and there you
are Kayla's gonna get this mop of a head
nice and trimmed up oh it is really long
and a long time since he's had it
trimmed Paige is gonna work her magic
when do you want to get into
you can either no you give up you're
gonna film your haircut you know how to
film the whole haircut that would get
really boring
we could fast motion that maybe Caleb
had a good idea okay
oh you do good okay so now I'm going to
shave it it's good but if I shaved your
head what would you do
punch it now that you're a crab didn't
you
your dad liked it bye Bobby's not get me
your trim we're trying it's just like
the dead ends and stuff how about you
tree that curling your drum all right
here we go
about to get some new stuff like
presents first no hugs presents first
house Australia good look at this you
get it and this is for your brother -
boomerang well fun yeah well he's new in
bed yeah exactly
don't hit her with that okay Luke you're
welcome nicely yeah but she really named
after Sydney Australia or do you just
make that up
that's funny
alright we are going to take Sydney to
the mall with us and eat and party you
guys having fun shopping clear yes I
have found lots of stuff I want that
they didn't want to shop with me yet and
I see it's not focusing they didn't want
to shop with me at the boring hot store
those boys wanted to come to clear yeah
is you were the to jail
Paige wants this to be her closet this
is the a pages this is a closet not
sorry house is the texting someone over
you
there's koalas it's just only thing it's
got it that's Australian is the koalas
but yeah that's it
where are we going you want me to come
shop with you mmm makes me want dessert
so pages light was delayed so we have an
extra like 45 minutes with her oh yeah I
was like whoa playful a Doberman she's
not firstly gonna make our connection
that's like deja vu all over our flight
out to LA better than I know it did not
turn out well luggage did not make it on
your fingers gosh she lasted one hour
yeah Haley didn't last very long your
nails your days I know there's only yeah
Andy's actually stayed on a really long
time few days
he doesn't like it what happened Caleb
there's a little tiny baby that just got
our ears piercing Caleb does not like it
my babies were that little do you
remember getting your ears pierced when
you were that little you I think you
were young I think here I think Haley
without an older now I can't remember
oh poor baby
I've never had a tattoo whoa do you know
these are pretty remember do you have
you to bring your money your birthday
money
it's my apocalypse erosion your
gymnastics back okay
pages sad caleb is annoyed okay love you
just rolled her eyes you better take
that roll
all right roll back oh hey you just
gotta leave the jonad driver oh I got
him no you leave that student driver
alone
drive to the airport for a test yeah
ticket Moscow like a cold on the body I
love you oh this is the longest time we
ever had together huh yeah love ya we
traveled the world and we literally did
we went oh yeah
yes we did and we came back it's not
really telling we went over how well
we'll ever have that about to say hey we
didn't discover it
no yeah discover along I wanted to
discover it
oh you have to be born yourself in
discover things
Caleb land iya Caleb land yet can you
think of a better name
Caleb right well the good thing is you
can keep up to yourself is knowing we're
all in there Oh Caleb Anders what Caleb
excuse me driver they not doing very
well goodbye
it wasn't really a stood you know I
don't think it was done so drivers like
Carter
yes by the honor of the driver's ed car
all right
Oh
you've got to get out and give her a
proper hug oh you gotta have money
give them your hand to God so sweet yeah
we're not normal around here we don't
use doors hailey gonna come say goodbye
see you tomorrow
watching video are you gonna watch her
Paquette we're going to watch your page
eek videos too
it's a deal
by thank you thank you for coming there
was so much fun it was the bomb
say goodbye Caleb
you do this next and you say I will miss
you page it happens one day you're going
to want to be kissed by a beautiful girl
just maybe not your cousin
alright I'm a little crazy how this
still makes me sad every time I see it
I haven't had time to get it fixed why
did you die daddy did it New York City
truck drivers did it alright
by Paige til next time they'll be
something soon yeah oh I would love that
have a good flight I know she's got a
it's going to be close she's gonna be
running through the airport and then
she's there she goes my little Paigey
boo little Paigey
Oh sad very oshi's not crying I think
she should be she's got a little bit of
a yeah she's gonna make the first flight
the second flight we're worried about
and just like that yeah Caleb yeah I
know you got a little bit more room of
it pages out of the car but you gotta
buckle up oh right for safety oh no no
more blanket I decided we set up a page
yeah hey just got it yeah no I buckled
up we're stuck I'm stuck get out of our
way she's a little embarrassed right now
guys dressed up like a robot RJ I don't
know what our deal is with dressing
animals up we just Piper up yesterday
Piper was wearing out you weren't you
weren't here you were upstairs I think
we dressed Piper up in a playlist shirt
or me Oh
people people people people people
people people people I'm trying to get a
hybrid of diapers diapers not sure about
all those so we are going at two drops
it off at DIA per house because it's
school night
and I'm actually about to start school
on um I know this Wednesday no prob
under stuff comes so I'm starting school
on Thursday yup that's it like how many
games a wins the two day three days big
a stop this or excited what the good I
am going into its fifth and um yeah I'm
very excited I like the first thing I do
every time it comes in and I look
through like what my books look like and
I can look through what I have like I
look at the last paper and I'm like hmm
what does that mean cuz like in the
fourth grade book I think it was I don't
know how remember what the last page was
I don't know dang I'm how to been tired
because we woke up at like 10:00 11:00
this morning because we couldn't go to
sleep till 1:00 and now I'm like why
it'll wait hey guys so right now we are
wrapping up the question of the day so
let's do our song hey hey hey wouldn't
say it's time for the question of the
day how rude okay so the question of the
day is would you rather watermelons or
strawberries any strawberries
strawberries don't forget to calm it
down blue cuz me morning and question of
the day is which rather watermelons or
strawberries by easy smile it's time for
one part to the question of the day and
it's it um would you rather watermelon
strawberry I definitely have to say
watermelon because I just some me some
like watermelons even though I hate I'm
not gonna say I hate water just water is
my favorite and I just don't really like
strawberries for some reason I mean
they're okay I'd eat them but I kind of
love them so yeah guys I definitely pick
watermelons
remember to calm down below because we
want to know the question today is which
rather watermelons or strawberries I
will see you guys all tomorrow scam fell
asleep on wait on Piper swing get it
going Pete once again I know we've
already said good night but our schedule
is so messed up and he's very sad too
not only is she sleepy but she's very
sad I don't know if you guys noticed
when they did the question of the day
sad based Annie she said she didn't look
sad she looks sad now why are you sad
which I want to tell you why is auntie
sad because Paige and like by sad we
mean like extremely that you don't we're
trying in the room yeah like tears page
tears
okay I miss Paige - Thank You Nick I
think we just made her sad again so
let's not talk about it we had had her
calm down oh don't cry her little angel
Annie don't cry huh
all right why
we'll see her again we've already had
this conversation we had we said she has
to go home and she has a job and she has
a family and caleb is sleeping on the
dog I don't know if he's really asleep
or not it's a crazy day in our house
are you really asleep what is this
this Piper mind all this she does you're
awake
were you asleep so really hmm they've
been laying there while you can do the
red spot okay guys these are some of our
Australia souvenir easily hmm does this
remind you of Paige I have everything
Australia reminds you of Paige what your
bed even reminds you of Paige
oh no does my bed remind you of page so
you can sleep in it
daddy's asleep we're being all loud
goodbye we're gonna be sad in our room
and it's 11 o'clock at night and Annie
has Jim her first day back at Jim but
our schedules off again you already had
a curling iron Paige taught me how to
she's looking at the new curling iron I
bought our little new wand Paige taught
me how to use my use a wand
and you already had one I thought maybe
you did is it a good one hmm you have it
here Oh ortho huh
okay sorry guys it's just got really
boring we'll see you guys tomorrow
Beibei bye thanks for watching Britt
Ailey
