when you buy a beanbag and you're too
impatient it came in this little itty
bitty bag that bag shoved in there and
now we have to wait hours for it to
expand I got jump on it I'm gonna jump
on it it's not as big as the one we have
it our old house but it's the next size
down and we thought it would be nice to
get some extra who was here when I felt
like we were all Oh me you Paige Hayden
and Haley and Dylan so we had six people
and it was not very comfortable on that
couch Iowa sat on the floor and we
watched a movie so we felt like you know
in case we have people over like today
maybe daddy invited some people over for
some weird fight and they may come and
they may not come but just in case we
have extra spying spots
that's a game that's a football game
that Daddy is going to yeah but it's a
boys kind of thing I don't want to watch
UFC be someone yeah
close your eyes and what a gymnast at
heart he'll always be a gymnast you
don't do gymnastics for ten years and
she's gonna hurt herself I see teeth to
the wood floor that's what I see right
now it's Saturday only annie has to do
school on Saturday are you done today
she only has to do one day the last
couple days she's been doubling up and
pretty much doing school today I told
her she only had to do one I think you
are supposed to beat it.remember that
guy told us when we got the first one
when we got the first one is like you
should jump on it and the kids can't
destroy it and it helps it fluff it go
jump look he's really starting to expand
what was that and Haley is another room
being lazy the mail hey Haley not out of
bed yet actually she was in my bed most
of the night so she has gotten out of
bed cuz she got out of bed and got into
this bed hi do you see our bean bag
feedback we got feedback dad
be that weird Halley's here today and
the covers not on yet we got like a it's
called Eskimo or something it's like a
white but the guy said it has like
because we wanted a white one the pure
white one but they didn't have it but
there's a one we wanted polar but he had
an Eskimo one in stock he said it's got
this little like creamy tinge to it but
barely so it's kind of white so we'll
see we kind of bought it without maybe
it'll be like this not as creamy as this
I don't know well we're not gonna put it
on yet we have to let it expand all
right so that's what we're doing this
lovely Saturday morning checking mail
expanding bean bags some of us are doing
school only one of us are doing school
maybe having people over it is expanding
when it came in this bag it's how much
just expand it already we did not get a
giant one but this is pretty big this is
one down from the big one is it
comfortable even when it's lopsided like
that
how long days right now I'm gonna be
teaching you on it Nina
orange cracks really okay a nice me what
you're gonna do is you're gonna you're
gonna peel a little off like that and
then you get stick of spoon you're gonna
get a handle and I usually get thingies
from Target or something and then you're
gonna eat it like this
or you're going to throw them just drink
the juice and then eaten after with no
flavor there at iron pill
this is my room it's very fancy with a
backpack me and bad lighting very but
there we go but that's bad lighting
you're falling this is my room we got
from from one of my videos
we have dreads yeah more Dratch yeah
drat more trash yes I think trash I I
mean I think trash instead of trash then
we have trash
I know it's like my new spot it's not
yours
okay look oh my gosh that was almost a
Miranda okay because you've been talking
like that all day
okay and look at our cute little socks
alright so mister Jimmy and Hayden are
coming up now daddy want to go let them
in but look what we've good I think we
ordered too much but that's okay oh I
thought you're teaching Hayden how to
play hey-hey then you're really busy you
sound like my kids
the boys are down there watching their
gory bloody fight and I came up here cuz
no thank you
there's blood I said the second I see
blood I'm out yeah you were gone for
Christmas the first time you've seen
them did you have a good Christmas a
very Texas Christmas really it's like 80
here like how you're playing the ukulele
in your skates anything I don't know
anyone you're gonna post your video and
no Wednesday best face them out that was
about to jump look who's here who else
is here hey they join the party if you
don't know what that is
follow your dreams on over to Rebecca's
channel and find out what that is
Go Go I hate in space yeah don't punch
him but she usually does she usually
comes punching oh no no no I feel like I
should send you to your room
I I'm like hey sorry you don't hit
people but it was already over it was
like a little delayed oh my gosh he
wouldn't admit it if it did that's like
the manly thing tomorrow yeah I want to
try that but I'm afraid I'm gonna fall
look what's on your face was there
makeup on it I can't my enough for it
mine aren't slippery enough Annie this
is my real face I wiped it off
go to your feet but like squat like
perch okay just do what you want to do
just do what you want to do and now he's
mad
what was annoying I know I thought that
was you I like the responsible people in
the room
Haley's being responsible Jimmy's that
wasn't your knee but sounds we're all on
separate teams change well you can like
pain we just learned tonight or pop
playing a game a werewolf the fights
over we're gonna play around okay
where's my phone grab a card look at it
that's for your sister don't look at
that one hey don't show anybody what
rollers hates me and then there's three
yards I'm showing the camera okay you
got it guys move your roller state so
your you are and what was he sorry in
the head yeah you're the robber and you
switched switched and what was he no you
don't you saw something you're not ready
to tell you
okay if you're like the minion you don't
want to say that just make like oh but
you're okay yeah and what are you a
villager I have a villager you promise
yes I thought about you Katie what are
you I'm a Mason she is amazing yeah the
other may say I give out today yep
okay so she's lying is not a villager
anymore it was a villager oh yeah it is
about me no I just had a lover no time
yes I did
lately turning seven today it's older
than you so excited yeah
so should I do the question of the day
right now seven years old today this is
the day that I opened the YouTube
account bratayley yeah and then on the
first like in two days was the very
first vlog where Haley was like talking
about trains and what else was in that
blog that movies do we go to the movies
in their first blog I thought that was
our second who knows yeah I feel like
that was not our veg blog I don't
remember the day it's gonna be new
thinking of this on the spot right now
what is your favorite board game board
game well what is where willful board
game it's a card game family game like
would you sit down and play with your
family on breeze I'm doing with werewolf
right now I love werewolf so good we
playing a couple rounds we've had a lot
of those today this is not a promo for
this beanbag there was something else
that it wasn't a promo that somebody
says this is not a promo for werewolf we
just like quiet awesome no one totally
recommend recommend all right so Haley
washed her hair today but I don't think
she rinsed the conditioner out cuz it's
looking a little greasy Annie
favorite favorite okay we can rewatch
that frizzy favorite family game that
you want to bet you play Chloe I really
asked this recently but you know what
we're gonna go with it because we've got
some new subscribers since then and
maybe your game has changed cuz I don't
believe I said werewolf last time maybe
I did I don't either
okay so can you believe that tomorrow's
New Year's Eve oh my goodness and
there's no excited oh because it was
seven years of the date of Bertolli the
brutally was born seven years ago daddy
looked up just because we were curious
we've been daily vlogging for five and a
half years what this is crazy
what so thanks everybody year five and a
half years of daily videos I was three
when we started daily vlogging or two to
wish three where's your math hey you're
nine did you think you're eight let's at
least go with that we had a good day
stay tuned tomorrow because it's our
last day of 2017 and we're going
somewhere kind of fun I don't think
we've announced some friends are coming
too it's kind of like a party and you
have to see who comes and stay tuned and
we'll see you tomorrow comment down
below your favorite board a family game
that you like audio's take it away hey
do your for 2017 tomorrow will be the
last question of 2017 that is true
that's a good point like technically
when we ask the question of the day
tomorrow it won't be 2017 anymore so
technically this is the last question of
the day of today we are yes we are still
logging can you say good bye Haley see
you in the future Mar Oh see tomorrow
but it's still
remember to celebrate baby thanks for
watching Vitaliy
