please Eric sighs we'll be at the
opening night of Mickey's not-so-scary
Halloween party at Walt Disney World the
whole park will be decorated we can't
wait to see all of our favorite Disney
characters go trick-or-treating I love
candy
suckers ice cream mingle on a stream and
him popcorn mine and some more hands
there's a special parade with the Tonto
gone Headless Horseman I wanna see the
headless horseman oh we're going to the
hocus pocus villain spectacular it's
based on the hocus pocus movie look for
us there
we might be wearing these costumes
inspired by the Pirates of the Caribbean
whoa
nannies out that's perfect you nailed it
with your family costume tell us in the
comments below and we'll try to find you
I can't wait to see the hollow wishes
side where they sound spooky cool yeah
yeah like everything's in there like I
like the shape
I like the shapes and then how they're
like really loud like the big hmm I do
if we make you at the not so scary party
don't worry there are more parties in
September and October and we'll be
staying around a while to check out the
rest of the park but for now get your
Mickey's not-so-scary Halloween party
tickets and your costumes
it all starts opening night September 15
so soon we can't wait dress up and join
the party
dang babe
thanks for watching
Britt tailing
