wait one second
Caleb's getting dressed out here he's
almost done you guys can come out
Australian happy birthday Bradley okay
ready I think we're ready okay ready
ready guys
he's all dressed
happy birthday to you happy birthday to
you happy birthday come blow it out you
can have whatever one you want but we
also have presents for you okay
stay upright here from all over things
from everybody that's the one you mood
necklace she wanted yesterday that we've
told her we surrender there's someone
else in there Oh secret very smiley look
what else is in there what does that say
like a koala crossing sign koalas next
to ten kilometres I saw it earlier
that's heavy very carefully
so what's funny is she's she's seven
here in in Australia but she's not quite
seven back home in the States
that was fun to try to explain to her
right Haley do you love it you ready to
try some yummy cupcakes yes I get to
pick your cupcake yeah this is lemon
meringue I don't remember here's mint
chocolate chip there's more there's two
of everything and they gave us two
extras that's red velvet they gave us
two extras cuz it was your birthday I
don't know that might I don't know I
can't remember but I'm eating one of
these cuz it's lemon meringue and Haley
to top your birthday all off here in
Australia we get to go feed your apps I
think encounter yes and have a chat
they're gonna we're gonna be able to
platform and have a koala encounter see
and you were sad to have your birthday
here in Australia maybe you guys are
doing when Caleb said don't come in and
then Paige really like Paige he's
changing did you know it was happening
oh oh magic trick let me out of this
bathroom
Matt did you know what was going on no
it's like you guys got me when we were
at VidCon for my birthday I had no idea
don't eat the wrapper all right it's
gonna be a great day
starting with cupcakes you know it's a
good day when it starts with cupcakes oh
my little baby girl is 7/3 Caleb - hey
what's up dad everybody is so pumped for
this day a nice daddy well played they
just taught you the though watch me
without the car and bye
so we just got here that didn't wrong
resume and this is about right here I
don't know if you can see it very well
but um yeah so we have like an hour just
to roll around and look at all of the
school stuff then we're gonna go three
these are ads and I don't see it
I took me a second we're gonna see you
in a few minutes mr. giraffe Bailey
Caleb look like he's like doing a
pass-by
modeling work it
should we get somebody
oh my wouldn't get you put here the
selfie
there you go find somebody I don't think
he's supposed to be there
you guys take pictures I'll go see if we
can find somebody you wouldn't maybe
sadder than lost him we should tell them
I think we should tell them so what if
like they need to put him somewhere else
he could just crawl out no part of the
exhibit are you Thunder yeah I found
that that was the beer
you don't thinks I know this is this I'm
saying what are you he's got friends
over there don't worry guys we're gonna
go tell somebody make sure something
with that hey maybe you should post
something on Instagram since it's been
like weeks and months
okay so that was a local animal not a
zoo animal so it was okay that he was
climbing everywhere keep him out he's in
Eastern water the turtle like this and
we came over and I guess he's scared and
he like well now we know we did the
right thing and rewarding it and he's
from here and he's allowed to be there
now we see the potatoes in their natural
habitat
birthday girl what winner
it's got informed that we're coming up
on the zebra and there's my favorite
animal just so you guys all know I'm
ready ready mom I'm ready I'm ready
mom's ready mom I'm ready I'm ready mom
are you ready mom
I'm ready glowing are you ready mom you
see him yet
they lie to me oh there is one up there
on that mountain you see it like that
sheep but we just don't care about the
Sheep what do you see but hey what makes
these your favorite Caleb just always
liked them huh
I do too I love giraffes but I'm afraid
that after today koalas may be my new
fave verdicts still out because I
haven't met one yet I get to meet a
giraffe I like Anna koala boy soon
they're my favorite then direct what
about koalas and kangaroos and wallabies
and they have minion Devils oh and then
koalas
I like your do dude they are pretty so
um we had up like 10 minutes before we
get to go and feed the giraffe I'm very
very very excited because here because
they probably don't have forces is my
favorite animal shirt on it is and you
get speed are you coming to meet us they
know are you hungry
we're gonna feed you something thick
cream you are beautiful you are my face
you look like bite food we're not gonna
lick me with that are you know does you
know what's gonna happen
I like Brenda Lee like anything but yet
they still they're pretty friendly no
they don't like to be Pat only cuz
they're so tall nothing ever really is
at that level
hey yeah do you see we're gonna hold
you'll lend us up like this shoot all
the work that big long time now they
don't have any top teeth so they're like
big cows so even if your hand wants to
go in there they're not gonna bite you
alright I'll just lick you and if you
want a nice photo the best way is look
at whatever is gonna take your photo
smart you remember to hold it up hold in
your other hand right oh you're
practicing it was a warm-up that's it
look at her
you can do it Annie oh you stole your
sister in the other hand hailey you did
the other hand we look at you did it
they left hand and look at us when you
smile
come on do it again hailey oh hey did
you want to do it the other one
fine yep
Oh second because it's not about the
horse drops are my favorite official no
you see what they did with the tongue to
get it grabbed it their tongue do it and
grab the food that was awesome it was
huge I know the little one really big
one was long who's like 24 really big I
was 20 do you see how when he came in H
they know they knew they're like oh it
is good food done oh my gosh
they're all right there oh my gosh look
at the one sleeping oh yeah come on
buddy
oh my gosh oh okay I'll give so these
guys are kangaroos back here I like and
the Wallabies are over here eat it
willow and Freya actually hostages oh
cool runs sunrise and sunset
oh my gosh
oh my gosh I'm really cleared up all
right
today we're here at ice officials
elected before Freya Freya and
do you wanna eat some of that any strong
you're gonna smell actually chase
through it but isn't it poisonous to eat
right eucalyptus it's poisonous to eat
yeah you can touch it you can crush it
off you can inhale it you just can't
adjust it so it's not that dangerous but
if you ate it like a large box or if you
drink the bottle of the spilled oil oh
you can poison yourself
these guys are highly specialized that's
how they think I've actually a bowl on
which is incredible because it is
difficult to digest because one of the
reasons they sleep all the time is
though like yay that was amazing I loved
it all I have to say that I'm I can't
decide between the drafts in the koalas
it's just you guys know that a knee has
to miss a lot of gymnastics when we go
on trips like this so we're trying to
work out as we're in the zoo uh-huh
walk to the gift shop does it so we're
gonna get some shoulder walks and
shoulder touches because you're not I
said so shoulder walks because you're
not really touching was it Kyle just
walking on your hands all right we're
gonna get some walking on our hands in
we're not going to go shop yet Oh an
aquarium
right now we are going out
we need to fix because we have to get up
really really early morning guys or not
stay tuned to see you what why we came
to Australia
to be early really early
they don't we think of it
then we gonna be out of the hotel so
whatever time you got to get up now even
have like 12 hours right that's why we
got to go home and go to bed right so
we're doing an early early early dinner
and putting Annie to bed really early
she's gonna dance for you in the streets
of Australia
like you do
you just break out in splits all right
so tomorrow's video should be a very
interesting
to be super exciting you're gonna be
filming something live and how do you
feel are you nervous about that like I'm
like oh you can't say that so don't pick
your nose live you sneeze you just say
bless me so we're ending Haley's
birthday night mm where's question of
the day can you say it since it's your
birthday
hi hmm what's emotion hi you know she
doesn't know it do you have a question
oh I'll surely again okay what's your
answer nope
I don't know I don't know oh I can't
lend because I'm I I can actually do
that accent no Australia I'm already
here so but I would say Australia so
okay let's do our accents
oh why that's kind of creepy good I'm
aces are you kidding me g'day mate you
know how to say that's it Oh mate yes
yes wait what does that course it is no
is that Austrian or English it's ironic
mate I didn't even know to Zane sounded
like Murphy Murchison sings don't forget
to comment down below where the question
of the day is would you rather go to
England so we we say England and you say
Sharia okay go dance wait y'all get
closer y'all get over there get over
there okay
don't forget to comment down below cuz
we want to know the question of the day
is would you rather go to England or
Australia mate by cha cha that's what
they say cha cha bye bye bye thanks for
watching
Brit Haley
