Thank You dizzy for providing us travel
and accommodations welcome to Sydney
Australia hi guys my name is Jay legaia
and I am your Down Under host on the
special Star Wars unboxing event it is a
beautiful day here we have a family to
help us with this unboxing we have the
bratayley kids hi guys how's it going
we have Caleb we have Hayley and we have
addy you will be the first kids in the
world to get your hands on the very
first new Star Wars toys how does that
feel awesome yeah you have bragging
rights to the end of the year I think
now what we're going to do here is very
very simple all I want you to do is to
reach under your tables and I want you
to grab out your special Australian Star
Wars toys right now so go ahead on the
count of three one two three
they're gonna bring them out ladies and
gentlemen boys and girls I would like to
introduce you to the Hasbro Star Wars
blade tilda Master Jedi lightsaber now
my toss to you young Padawans is to make
your own individual lightsaber are you
ready your time starts no
I'm putting this here I'm just gonna put
pieces here they come with batteries and
also obviously with the like tables the
Hasbro lights a we've always have
fantastic sound effects as well it's
going to be hours and hours of fun
apparently there are over a hundred
different combinations they're intricate
pieces but they're fantastic and
probably I'm going to get a couple
myself
