today I'm telling you it's sweaty I'm
going to be showing you guys wait this
is not the first time we filmed I don't
think okay well no it is okay morning if
it is what we got for our first let's
put in way less persuade busy lips and
it's just a lipstick oh no the lip scrub
and it smells like exactly like met a OS
not okay first we have a black nail
polish mm forget target yeah I thought
you said tart I was like what no diner I
have this you're all nails on channel
and we also have this one that's from
say I'm gonna go first and you can do
mom so first off certainly an unboxing
because I don't want to open it first
off this is the makeup aluminized
moisturizer from glam glow then I've got
a bunch of face now so I'm gonna just
get them out let's see your
err facemask okay Mar did you just say
your face mask and your tips fedora
business oh we want to this is a bunch
of face masks
it's got in one way it's a way and then
this one that I heard was really good
it's like the lamb the clearing
treatment but I'm not really sure what
it's but I thought I look really good
and a dating told me was good I was like
why not oh why not
so then this is gold literally it's gold
it is gold mask and it's you put it on I
think you've had noses that you've never
used it and I'm kind of scared for this
I'm scared that it's gonna like her like
a lot really badly and it's so and then
I didn't think we got this one because I
thought that we settled on this one
which have the same one but two more in
there yeah I'm ready now there's two mmm
and tea wait okay wait to it I also have
this overnight transformation oh and
just so I don't know um I mean I haven't
been washing my face lately cuz I've had
amazing all of this stuff is back at
home so this is like all of the stuff
I'm not like getting brand new like like
I don't have anything and my face is not
appreciating that so just disclaimer the
third okay back to the video yeah this
is an overnight transformation
transforming treatment and it is like um
it's a two-step kind of thing
oh so it's pretty Mike wait okay
Washington getting a tan this is a clear
foam cleanser he Marvel scissors schism
starting to love marble she has memory
foam case she I like mine you want you
wanted the marble nail what happens an
ego like so and dot two little sections
oh you want sleep in and then it okay
your face up oh this is the moistures of
those was the first thing I did put it
in side of the low so it's gonna leave
my face looking like highlighted uh-huh
do you guys ever have like this son
pointing right at you and you're like oh
my gosh this is a perfect picture I'm
not even wearing any makeup when you do
the picture it's like okay okay but this
it's gonna make that picture hundred
times over
yeah like actually a letter and then
this isn't really anything it's not
really based up in kind of this is some
teeth whitening here and it's vegan whoa
huh I didn't even know that boy oh boy
like I want to open don't get mad and
what could be digging inside of it yeah
just because it's food oh oh my gosh you
turn that
you brush it around me you know we need
to smile 30 seconds for straight Oh
surely let's read the dirt oh that's
gonna hurt direct twist the base of the
pen to dispense white gel into the
applicator brush on front of all that
all teeth what while smiling and wait 30
seconds allow for my set 15 minutes
before eating or drinking apply to four
times a day for best results four times
a day four times a day you already have
to watch your ear just three times so
this is mommy's stuff I mean I might not
actually thumb up okay so this is a
makeup bag it's Sephora and it's a black
people set this is mommy this is mommy's
it is like a brightener inna three
genders we got we got we got the good
hmm we've got a pink hot pink one and we
got a black one Oh
oh there we go
found it
Oh
oh we have I don't know this is all
right there I don't know what it was
okay you guys you guys you guys you guys
this is the spark up I'll show you this
is the sparkle it's it has sparkles
night it doesn't look that good
do you see that do you see that do you
see that it's so pretty
okay so it's a face mask a glittery
gonna peel off or do you wash it so that
is it for me
weirder for me goodness this is fun
oh and guess what awesome with Annie
this whatever this is I don't know what
it is but it's cool and then it comes
with guess what it comes with a brush
why I mean us it is later no no it's not
later yeah I don't know anything that
and I had this horrible kind of lipstick
I'm Linda lipstick it's a pretty color
the way put it on I'm not very good I'm
gonna see if this thing works actually
makes me just think we used up too much
I think wittily does some things bread
it turns green and then when he's going
through the turns red so yeah when you
go grocery shopping and you should bring
the food back and you show your kids
what you got and they what you get and
he loves apple juice but it has to be in
a box not enough pot not in a bottle not
in a jug not in a pouch she's not in a
pack she zoned out teenager zone out my
hands
what do you see hey are they cold do
what I do stick one in the freezer so
they're putting things away and I'm
filming it that's what's happening right
now
that's how mommy gets off with me I have
to vlog daddy's old focus Hayley is
enjoying daddy shopping
any any pomegranate so this is what
happened they've already gotten school
this morning
we've already grocery shop this morning
it's early afternoon right now
and how did your quiz go good oh my gosh
I thought you were falling down the
stairs look at the big stack of laundry
that Andy has to put away from the I did
laundry all day yesterday in your room
so yesterday we failed and said we were
gonna do facials because we bought stuff
the girls did a haul but I think we're
gonna try to do it today
no one said you have to do a mask at
night right now yeah that's a glitter
one yeah I'll paint your nails alright
guys well we're gonna finish helping
daddy put the subway then we'll paint
nails we got a sample maybe I can use
that
oh here you Merry Christmas dear and a
happy new cover my face I bet it will
it's gonna show you how little you need
to use alright alright guys we're gonna
finish doing this we're gonna paint some
nails and we'll check in with you in a
little while which one's yours oh is
that what that brush is for Oh borrowed
is a better term so they're setting up
for the whisper challenge and they
thought it would be fun if they had
masks on while they did it I can come up
here and read tweets they tweeted and he
tweeted this morning asking for some
phrases
to Twitter I have to go around please I
know but I can just read them to you so
they've got the camera set up Haley was
shopping for some bedding it looks like
she wants maybe some checkered checkered
bedding and that's the update it's about
my phone would work I could tell you
what have a 337 in the afternoon and I'm
gonna do the glitter mask Andy's doing a
black mask and Haley doing what kind of
Halleck what are you yelling so weird oh
I feel like an alien yeah I just feel
good like oh my gosh I love this it's
gonna hurt it's gonna there peel offs
gosh maybe mine's a wash off but I wax
your eyebrows that's gonna leave a mark
all right well you guys let me know when
you're ready
alien when you're ready for some and
daddy job no that was about oh sure off
the merch plug plug plug look at Andy's
outfit do you learn from rush yeah
and Annie learned from pigs how to keep
her room but it's all good ok so annie
is wearing some black high-waisted jeans
and a nanny leblanc sure link in the
description and she's got the shirt tied
up for added fashion sure so click the
link in the bio there's sweatshirts
there's oh another shameless plug look
pop sockets for daily pop sockets
so our merch store is up and running and
if you need some cool pop sockets or
t-shirts then we got you that's right
okay I guess Hayley went to go get her
own rubber bands you've never painted
yourself silver what we've got some
dinner in the oven it's starting to
smell good down here I think it's like
chicken or something
what does that pork and it's pork oh you
got it
I meant the hair tie did you get Annie a
hair tie does she need one okay you look
like The Tin Man maybe not know what's
wrong with Raiders band even know who
the Raiders are now what kind of fan are
you
basketball okay I think you need to add
more here's us two spins yeah you know I
don't feel like you have enough on are
they black and silver you're enjoying
this aren't you
anyone a piece does anybody want a piece
of gold and silver to link it in the bio
you're totally cheating let it go
hey guys dinner's almost ready
well it's really like an early dinner
but it's still almost ready so two more
each in the morning chicken two more
good morning angel two more you're
yelling it so whisper don't yell it
whispered stay tuned so this whisper
tone was going on Annie
subscribe to her and Haley filmed a
video the other day so subscribe to her
Haley is almost to a million so
subscribe to her more than you
subscribed to Annie you guys look like
you've taken markers to your faces give
little outlines of stuff skincare
routine her new skincare routine oh my
gosh guys my name is Annie I'm doing
this facial mask
they're editing and mommy's in there
watching any of it
better known is watching and I'm wearing
this beautiful mask I wasn't brave
enough to put it all over my face like
her so let's see how this goes I might
let you watch me pull it off as I cry
this mask doesn't hurt me what I thought
this is the one you had this is the same
one oh this is not anything new it's
sweaty yeah whoa look at this sweat yeah
I don't want to oh come on I wanted it
to hurt this one hurt
it was there be or know what kind was
that it was no it was so you used mine
use whatever once you yeah that back the
one it hurt not for me
that one feels good when it comes off
actually it's like it's like so tight
and me just go which one hurt someone
you're alright it's probably the face
mask okay um it's the glam glow one the
Blackland too bad he's editing her
whisper talent it's really funny and you
should check it out because it's
probably going up tonight after she's
done editing so we'll be up for your
viewing pleasure
I've got like a schedule can I just like
pose I think it consistency's better but
I have a video in the post I feel like
whatever works for you I'm gonna suggest
that what you do I mean I can't see what
you guys suggest you can make a little
list of what I want to do we got a lot
of help not count everyone's asking me
hard like I'm dedicated I'm not sure
from that day so I'm gonna like all
right it's time for Annie to upload
she's doing a thumbnail yeah he looks
cute but
what you have headphones in I forgot
y'all didn't do the over-the-head I'm
you know what I mean the headphones
that's okay so she is picking out a
thumbnail and uploading and I'm going to
let her an es skin my goodness hello
modest too
so she's gonna put this is this okay let
me tell I Sparkle you wanted my story so
today I film two videos that the West
Coast challenge and then I did with my
skincare skincare routine that's it so
and you know how I've been talking about
this one mask that's been made like that
I haven't tried yet I hadn't tried yet
but I was like how about I tried this
video I was like okay it burned so bad
like it was like raised red red it was
red it was raised it was terrible so I'm
just gonna stick with my regular black
mask but it's so sad because I was hot
Sun I'm afraid to try it too because I
have sensitive skin it looked so good on
like the picture they went up down right
away right but burn okay so I take my
makeup off well this is the sparkly one
right the glitter I mean so Annie's
gonna put this on me and I'm going to
relax in my bed it looks good and then
we'll be back with a question of the day
and a little bit and maybe I'll even let
you see my sparkle my glitter maybe
we'll see I don't think I wanted to them
Jim Campbell Berkeley that is crazy
feminism them okay have fun
so I'm editing she's doing whatever I'm
doing oh she's doing what really does oh
yeah I'm editing again I'm editing the
skincare video
is one year's resolution she's my new I
haven't even thought about this like it
looks like I'm like really fat but it's
not just my jacket okay okay my new
year's haven't thought about that yet
probably to think more mmm like like
that could mean a lot of things like
just stop and think and be like is this
what I'm supposed to like I don't know
just don't just like go for it like just
you know think about what you're doing
like ask God like is this like is this
what I should be doing and bottle ball
and keep my room clean
- oh and to keep up with my skin oh yeah
that's a big one well that was a blind
need to keep up with my skin okay mine
is probably to make a fashion like like
a website and I want to do that in this
not like finish it this year I want to
try to start it this year so cool so
don't forget little Oh cuz we want to
know is the question of the day what is
your new year's resolution bye guys see
you tomorrow to celebrate life
the baked potato baby
thanks for watching
Vitaliy
