time for what Amy hey guys
we're in Caleb's room as you can see and
Haley has a giant surprise for Caleb
right what's the surprise clean cleaning
of his room cuz he's at a baseball
tournament and when he gets back I don't
even know if Haley knows this he gets
back and that same day we get on a plane
for Australia so you didn't realize it
was such a big surprise right you just
wanted to surprise them but it's a very
useful surprise because he's not gonna
have time to clean his room we've been
home all week and we've been clean and
clean and cleaning and Caleb hasn't
gotten to that same thing so Haley saw
me cleaning all the bathrooms today and
so she helped me clean bathrooms and
then she's like Caleb brooms a mess and
then what'd you say I wanted clean yep
so she's gonna clean it and I thought we
said mommy said um if you clean it you
get something mm-hmm yeah cuz she goes
she goes this is how the story went she
goes I can clean it for you and I'm like
okay and so I'll bring you the wipes so
you can wipe down his desk and then
she's like I don't think she was
thinking that she meant like clean it
clean it I think she just thought
straighten it and then I'm like well I
think that would it earn you some
allowance that we could go spend later
right weren't we talking about allowance
just the other day yeah so this is a
thing that's not that you can earn money
for so that's kind of where that came
from so she wants to go to Toys R Us
later right her target yes man I felt
like I've lived at Target this week I
hadn't been there for so long and now
I'm gonna be like there for the third
time this week so if we have time today
we're gonna go take Haley to Target so
she can oh nice we have time today good
I did I promised that we'd go today yeah
then we better get busy cleaning this
room he's gonna be so surprised and
hopefully he's gonna be very thankful
right his room wasn't horrible like over
there but his desk was a mess she's
already cleaned off like four or five
Gatorade bottles and we saw that he's
been
eating sunflower seeds in here and
spitting them into a Gatorade pile yeah
so we're gonna so Haley's doing this
I'm cleaning bathrooms we're spending
the morning cleaning and that is what's
going on and the dogs are being dogs so
we are back at turnin and CUNY and yeah
yeah it is allowance money or some Tooth
Fairy money - this is - - there anything
- all right how much do you have what
you have left right because didn't you
buy something at five five six seven oh
seven plus five ten keep going
twelve twelve twelve
19:40 14 $14 okay and I owe you a few
dollars for doing Caleb's room right
paying you $3 $3 at me 13 14 15 16 17
if $17 that is a lot are you proud of
yourself for saving your money yeah what
do you think you're gonna buy do you
think that's enough for DaVinci your
birthday's coming up you might get some
birthday money
Haley already got her birthday present
from me and daddy and now Shane and get
from me yeah now you're gonna buy
yourself a birthday present very loving
let's go go shopping again see there are
days and weeks where I we shop a lot and
then there's days and weeks where we
don't shop very much and I feel like
that we're on one of those weeks where
we just have a lot too much to do and I
instead of doing it in one trip we
didn't do it in little trips you got to
bring that bag and dude gotta pay I got
to pay yeah I'm not buying anything here
I got to pay you got the bag
why you just said I got to pay you have
to pay ready to buy me some lunch lunch
time - I think I think what we're gonna
do a king lunch size is go eat at Pizza
Hut inside target right I thought that
was the plan Pizza that's pizza he's a
hottie son here we go
the escalators a third time this week
yeah but first what do you think Kylie
pencils for yeah I mean by shining at
Ava dining but before we go shop we're
gonna eat Haley's requested that we eat
first right before she spends all her
life savings uh-huh
all right guys okay okay okay honey can
you big one oh that was horrible
good fun really cool can you give me
another cocktail
Franklin you're welcome
I brought her a few more it's a
beautiful day and I'm making some crazy
thing is it's really pretty
then do blue now
that is really hard
cool - oh that was horrible
look at smashed ina come on
oh just like my baby girl
hi baby girl
don't eat this look at you
kind of like frosting a cake that's why
I like oh it didn't it didn't mess up
yeah I was a flower see that's a do
things work
yeah you make deficit is it kind of like
icing a cake yeah you could practice
this and be the best Baker when you grow
up and you can bake me cakes and I can
eat them every day okay
it's really easy cool
it's not your first time Annie had to
vent she look watching oh you were
watching she didn't let you touch her
DaVinci no she let me keep it yeah after
it was made yeah you got the final
product final product didn't make it to
this house there's like a jewelry box
this is like a cover
yeah we're just doing it on regular
paper this is our paper so you really
fun mommy you should try it's really
kadjar yeah Sam have fun all right what
do I do
yes curl it curl it or just make it
straight I don't care hmm see it's so
easy
mm its little dude are you satisfied
with the birthday present you picked up
for yourself yes Oh bug bug bug I see
you're trimming to eat the dough Vinci
know it when you don't eat the da Vinci
deli
why do you have da Vinci on the ground
though hey la story
what's the long story
me and I just got home from gymnastics
just kidding there we go I'm here too
don't let my your first day of that will
end amazing and I get to where we live
we're in the same grade so we have the
same exact assignments so we just do it
together awesome mmm tomorrow's work is
math spelling and grammar and what are
we eating naan bread pop going to be
something that goes mary-6 very proud of
you for picking yeah just me not Katie
yeah Katie's eating a small spot for
protein I'm eating popcorn and I'm
eating the protein bread so was it
different having the new home scores and
really different I could have swore it
was like a summer practice really yeah
but it was okay you just don't hate me
yeah I just don't like you around to
sleep I love you Katie okay it's okay
you know it's no it's not my fault I
stuck about exciting stuff now it's
going to Australia and leaving me behind
you can fit nice suitcase yeah I compare
you know I guess Nani's duh okay to
drink I'm sorry it's just expected to
stop the car kick trigger on the top of
our here okay
I can't do that oh that like dangerous I
was wondering what you were doing like
you're not actually gonna do that
drinkin only loves me drink are mine I'm
not gonna oh like what did you guys do
today um much like normal
yeah I ate lunch she didn't do ball
which made me sad oh that made me
extremely happy
I don't we yeah I was bars I'm in five
lines over whoa I made it to handstand
yeah and I didn't make it over my maybe
I got a huge my line but I have he got
accused of lying because good she was
like and she goes good let me see and
she didn't then she didn't make it for
the next five turn and then I finally
made it
I made eight lines with the foam and my
feet please key wait a one up its back
Mac just saving of that all right little
cry in a corner now Oh Livie did more
than you did last time right I know and
I'm gonna die you did more than hey I
didn't say that you were going yellow
yeah you don't really thought about it
yeah I'll give you the footage
right is there put it yeah
oh no I need to live this format it that
agree idea play high-low for your
gymnastics day but I did five lines your
five lines with your hi yes my load my
house that I made this an ass down turn
low is that my heel started to hurt at
the end
dang it wait I I didn't tell my love
whose are my hive was getting seven to
it man my love was not sticking as many
front end for text as I wanted to
oh yeah I made my friend tech contact oh
and my love was I didn't make any french
out for tux
oh and my all solos that this thing
really itches you you all right looks
like a rash I thought it looked like
poison ivy but me looks like a grass
rash inning yeah I think it is an e here
allergic took her hand drill on it
big shower right it started beginning
all a long time ago and gap up in jail
and uh galaxy fra bah-bah-bah
far far away I bet everybody can guess
what we're watching just from that one
line Star Wars
we're having a star a star ways we're
having a Star Wars marathon have you
ever watched them before no have you
watched like a little but it was like
the house car was like Lego oh that
doesn't count so pizza in a movie night
we've ordered a pizza
nothing stuff and weird some Mickey yeah
we're gonna watch some movies okay ready
yeah we're starting with episode one
okay and then how many episodes are
there there's always three they're sick
but this isn't the way they were
released but in fact the fourth one was
released first six back a long long time
ago wait but isn't like the fourth king
isn't where um Darth Vader - don't don't
alert what a bigger half what was it
wouldn't you feel bad if you gave out
all that information or where to find
out what director says what Cathy burn
you're not going oh I'm gonna say it I
am gonna explode don't you give the way
push play
hurry hurry hurry play hello guys so
it's time for the question of the day my
hair isn't asking just got added um
shower and um um the question today is
because we just were not done with it
but we're almost done
probably it halfway but so far
and you're what's your favorite um
character and Star Wars at UM one right
yeah so mine is I've got this do you owe
me I don't know
oh yeah with his name George or beat
your job weeks
turtling okay mine and I also like
obi-wan Kenobi I've got that yet yeah
and you like um qui-gon
okay I got um Jen Huckle qui-gon jinn
quiet ganja that's a really weird name
and I'll oh I'm not happy watched a lot
we'll see but um we haven't watched all
of it so those are only like the
characters right now that we know um
like and yeah don't forget to comment
down below cuz we want to know the
question today is what's your favorite
um character from the Star Wars um
Episode one by watching the Lightning
storming everybody's in my bed watching
Star Wars but Annie every time it
thunders is whining say we can get one
hmm no it's okay Oh
illy things it's the funniest thing this
is my life
witness I think when he's scared it is
really bad out there that's me it's like
daylight when it lightning yeah oh wait
a second why is that light fell on oh
it's magic power just went out but just
came back on - I mean just flick her hip
oh she's really cleared now why are you
so scared Annie Annie we're all right
here
do you know how many people thunders
killed
dear hero people we need just let her
fall I think when he's just as scared as
Annie
okay sadly we're in Washington
though the power keeps on I don't think
we're gonna be able to watch videos Oh
No
Annie Annie we're right here it's when
are you this scared of thunder it's not
gonna do anything to you house you're
fine okay it's gonna be over soon
it's right over right now they're
chasing it but how do I know winny we
need love you
and it just enjoy it cool it that
thunderstorm Ross I know rain dance now
once we send it now let's be like cute
now okay Thunder know if you lightning
come on that's got to make you feel a
little better go thunder and lightning
outside yeah okay we should sing that
song
what from Sound of Music huh
what listen guys know what I'm talking
about oh yeah do you have my favorite
things cuz it was a thunderstorm that
they were but the little girl was afraid
of okay it sounds like it's coming down
I got a song for everything
you're not scared at all no he's not
scary no he's gonna conquer this thunder
oh good okay now you're just making up
words up look Winnie insists that you
pet her watch watch watch the dog
freaked out
but sleep guys have you better your path
and you stop hey run patter good waiting
no wait wait watch out Michelle hmm
and you stop but if they're in jackets
man and then a pattern goes really still
high then that Oh in the gr Thunder hmm
did you really don't know anymore matter
will be okay things are settling down so
Hayley just tell it and it'll be okay
right odds and vineya New York you know
what I don't know if we ever explained
this I don't even know if Annie's
nickname was even explained because I
had filmed something when we were with
John G at a restaurant and I filmed it
on my phone because my battery kept
dying and I don't think that footage
ever made it to the video
mm-hmm but we can maybe roll that clip
into this video since it was lost
footage
we'll be okay it's really Jeff okay he
is really good with nicknames as neh
money oh yeah you will be okay when I
get a good Wow
all right a nickname has been
established hmm yeah we'd like to know
today yeah we got to see if it's gonna
stick my name my nickname is I like
chickens and he's his father's opinion
yeah
okay let's gonna go our odds for short
yeah no and Annie's gonna answer to
vineya for short then you see the whole
thing
yeah but your nickname what's your mom
eh money over a dollar
ah thank you most of your hat is a
little messed up we also we have a
backup name for each money oh yeah I
didn't know that
yeah cuz we realize if you search weirdo
in Wikipedia her face comes up
oh well that is awesome you know
epic fail you see your bank and your
husband epic mail Walker yeah Wow drink
some of that I'll see myself out his
odds it venya feeling stickier for you
unconvinced
that gonna be it yeah Oh see how it
works I like it he'll need one so this
is all in due time grand Solingen weird
okay we've shortened Jhansi's weirdo
epic fail the mantle wet to Westwood I
was like that's like what if we like
Google that and that's like something
horrible let's Google Doc that we could
be like saying something like horrible
or it's like really cool did you hear
any any names i / - no college no Philip
their corpse village random no you don't
know why didn't we listen we looked it
up or we we said name what do you want
to name yourselves and we never looked
at the comments let's welcome comment
right now but video was that I don't
name them hey babe uh day - babe I
thanks for watching
Britt Ailey
