hi for me
hi guys it's kind of blurry okay so me
and Haley have been standing all morning
playing with this thing that we got and
it's awesome like we've been playing it
with it
all morning it's awesome what's it code
is like my generation my generation the
boxer here I mean our generation yeah oh
geez diner and it's so cool so right now
McKenna is the person who's eating at it
and um Grace and sage are the people who
are wait um who are taking an order and
stuff and we set it up so um right after
he gonna be I'm sitting he put on first
that set them up here's sage mine here's
McKenna of mine and then that's great
whores
her hair's kinda messed up and a method
yep
so here is the full thing here's how it
looks
well this is at least how we set it up
she's getting her stuff so it like has
like tiny little money and it's a really
cool the cake has a little piece in it
that you can get out
so hold and look that's right awesome if
I got a cup we wrote down this menu of
everything so we have food sides drinks
and desserts so far we have food we have
hot dogs sandwich eggs and bacon wrap
pasta chicken tenders burger pancakes
and then on the sides we have bacon
fries and what hold on salad I think
that's hot lettuce salad and then for
drinks we have water we have
grape juice we have milkshakes we had
dr. pepper we have lemonade we have
coffee strawberry lemonade straw or
lemonade on desserts we have strawberry
cake jelly filling space pastry on
something paste or something cupcake pie
slash go nuts banana split and that got
messed up brownie the best rap sister up
these are the chicken tenders cuz we
didn't know what that was called so we
just call it The Wrap chicken tenders
fries with the side hamburger hotdog
pasta um eggs and bacon pay money
pancakes
the strawberry cake pie um brownies
doughnuts and then there's more stuff in
here that I'll show you hit me oh yeah I
missed em here oh yeah the pilot has
something is the cake yep that's it
comes out perfect is our table and you
can like order something here and here
uh-huh so yeah it's a puck you're
starving you think interfere and while
you're waiting for your table isn't
possible ah ah you're just shelling in
my our generation red roses mommy that
was a lot of fun and today we are going
to cook on the blue my dad's going to
fit on the girl because I'm not doing
that last time I went with the girl I
burnt myself so um and it's a lot of fun
doing what we haven't done in so long
but the house is finally coming together
and it's like the exciting part I'm just
so happy that time when would we get a
weekend that we can just like be home
and like it's really sunny and yeah
we're like home relaxing Piper just
about ever gonna be found outside now
it's a beautiful day
bah blah blah blah blah blah Yankees
McAtee let's get this one started
whoa you guys film for like 10 minutes
it's like a one date for the day oh yeah
you guys are filming about our
generation does it is it all organized
up there am I gonna be impressed when I
watch the footage or am I gonna be like
oh my gosh Haley's room is so messy
what'd she do Wow
I said that whole thing you did they
redid it daddy they redid the diner so
that's what Hayley Hayley ended up at
Target picking out the diner for her
birthday and Hayley so sweet that now
she's sharing it with Annie
apparently so they've spent the morning
doing that the cake base while pitching
full half three quarters well you know
fractions right well I mean you're
pretty good at a format she'd go almost
all the way around well if she would
land it that would be a half three
quarters would be right there it was a
quarter hey what's that move on the beam
where they jump and then they lay in
sideways up yeah I don't know what it's
called but I know you talked about
yeah it's called difficult that's what
I've called it's like a cartwheel where
you grab your legs and it's probably
named after the gymnast who first did it
right with those knees fall all right
where's your three quarters 501 corner
oh I don't even think you made it one
quarters there you go no one hated just
a math lesson real quick guys 116 okay
Joe 160 I think that was a zero so 116
there you go nailed it 116 for some
reason they just started a kick line
food's ready
oh yeah I'm gonna tell them why you're
excited cuz last night we got whipped
cream we did end up going to the store
last night BAM
and we got whipped cream and strawberry
by request of the girls and they're very
excited that we get to have it in a
second oh so we can't see the kick line
yet until the um we get two strawberries
and whipped cream hmm
no kick line till then okay then eat
your sausage okay y'all on while it
cools
sorry sorry girls
you got dogs trying to get your food
stay down you big ol Pig know any good
sorry I'm getting a Jerry's I know hey
question what happened to the kickline
oh yeah I don't know you guys went away
from the all right all right let's eat
some whipped cream and strawberries
we're driving Winnie nuts I did it
mmm
okay look at that right
how's it good mm-hmm the Dalton n in me
you guys can do the dance
daddy's opening up with mommy and daddy
Barbara sighs I could just eat plain
whipped cream me too
now you're stealing all hmm
I could just eat what primo think I
won't do it that's all there were cream
I'm done the good any what are you doing
Wow what do you what did you use to hold
the from Haley's our generation box told
that oh I don't know if I can fit you
probably can't but let me looking for
look inside though all right
you look so this is Haley's pillow and
she could play the TV okay look inside
yeah I mean it's pretty roomy in there
team look there's Bing bong my boots
this is blinky here daily stuff we have
a crackling crutches holding it up yeah
that's pretty smart any of two pills
I'm so excited cuz you guys haven't
built a fort in a long time and that's
like such good things for your brain
imagination engineering and all that
kind of jazz that's good to the brain to
go I'm surfing yeah you could teach us
how to surf like Caleb did how did love
wasted a weird one I was an elbow stay
on not a handstand about why not have
hand but and go get your services let's
give that its live to the top of him and
you tries to get it slow
oh you almost knocked report down the
crutch is moving you said boy we're like
professional surf boarders
she felt like she felt pretty hard hey
guys it's time to question today and
pushing today is if you were correct if
you were directing in the movie who
would you cast as your main character
and you cover the characters who would
you cast if you're directing a movie
Maia Mitchell okay Haley that's a hard
one okay down
Cameron um the girl who played Reilly
Brown blender Hey and my
Tobiah governor yeah so we have an
announcement about Australia and we
don't have a lot of details but just a
reminder we will be doing a
meet-and-greet in Sydney Australia
September 3rd at the Westfield Shopping
Centre and that is located on Church
Street I know that you guys were
concerned because you would go to school
that day
but we will try to make it and after
your school day ends so we have some
news at playlist we will not be having
too many great but you will be having
something you've never done before which
is a hangout so when you check into
playlist you can ask about that and it's
like the first 100 people that want to
meet us we'll be in a room and they'll
be like beanbag chairs and lots of fun
stuff and it will just be us and all of
you guys the hundred people and hang out
all the on Saturday September 5th at
3:30 p.m.
just remember only the first a hundred
people will be able to get into the
Hangout so don't forget to comment down
below cuz we want to know the question
today is if you were directing a movie
who would you cast as your main
characters by racing on ah
baked potato baby
thanks for watching
Britt Ailey
