time for my daily good morning everybody
we routed breakfast slash lunch brunch
with our only child
oh well cheesy goodness at lunchtime I
don't know that makes it run right she
begged and begged and begged to come to
the pancake place so that's where we are
hey hey you know they invented this
thing called the fork they sure did
let's use it
Thanks yummy to cut it for you are you
gonna oh you're just gonna get your
whipped cream off first thank you
still get someone my base
it's blurry I can't see it uh-huh
just like Haley's gonna have them on her
face so Haley gets to be the only child
for a little bit longer until we go pick
up Annie in a few minutes right yeah and
then we're gonna go to the grocery store
and actually have food in our house even
though we still don't have a kitchen but
we have a microwave and we have a
toaster and we still have a few more
days in town before we leave the
Australia right sometimes I feel like I
talk to myself do you hear me do me to
cut it okay thanks for letting me cut
your food what Nikki you guys I know he
can but he's still like his mommy too
whoa that night came out of nowhere
and Haley's being boring and choosing
regular syrup instead of the great why
not all the choices you have here and
you go in a regular are you a regular
kind of gal yep some reason I don't
believe that you have food on your nose
napkin gosh it's like having a fourth
child sometimes you guys not wonder
where they get their manners when we
learned how the where the kids learn to
share - a few weeks ago and yeah
remember you probably don't even realize
that where were we were at the Spy
Museum and the kids were fighting over
an acorn and I was like Cher and then on
qu ran in and laps it out of their hands
and ran off with it
right on right on cue right right Haley
wasn't sharing very well that day mom oh
my gosh you guys are showing the manners
that we don't have we're turning the
camera off
that's a you guys aren't allowed to be
filmed while you're eating anymore
if you're wondering why Haley is dressed
for the winter it's because we are doing
just that we were shopping for Australia
because their seasons are different now
I don't think it's cold enough on
Australia to be a beanie but we did need
the jacket and we're getting the beanie
for winters not necessarily for
Australia and Andy's looking for fancy
dresses I want to be eaten and now Haley
wants a fancy dress because what
spending but we picked this very well
you absolutely can but by the time this
goes up or our to get our like shoes but
I'll just say this - oh I like that one
well let's go dress shopping okay and
we're gonna pair this with like a little
sweater so cuz his little it's a little
chilly
come on discards yeah yeah but we picked
a different skirt but that's the dress
with the scarf from the sweater that we
saw and not the one that we picked say
the blue I like the blue one let's go
scarf event every other day yep whoa
you know it's white smoke oh my goodness
there's a car fire or something bad rock
smoking no it's white boys whoa homies
are putting it out we should say a
prayer for those people who are stuck in
a fire right now and for all the
firefighters what would you pray about
to protect the firemen and the people
that are in the car
that's sad that was crazy exploded we
got off so that um we'd stay out of the
way because we can take away around
now I had changed to Oh lights yeah that
was weird because it's a different kind
of smoke so first when we let me explain
when first pulled up it was black smoke
going in and then all of a sudden the
smoke change what happens is that when
the cars first starting to catch on fire
it's it's burning really hot burning
everything in the car so it's going up
in normal black smoke and as they start
to put it out there spraying water and
they're cooling everything down gnarly
quickly they may be spraying chemicals
on it which causes this mood to change
then it's more of a steam than it is a
smoke goes down the water's boiling off
basically now since I don't like putting
information that's not correct out there
do I need to Google this before I edit
are you sure I'm sure that when you
spray water onto a fire it creates steam
what's so funny though because every
time like we'll be filming and I'll say
something and I won't know if I'm
actually real really tricked like if
I've really got the facts right
so as I'm editing it'll remind me so I
go to Google real quick and I I google
it and I'll be like okay yeah I told
them right shoes or then I cut it out so
we'll see well see if your explanation
makes the cut I'll be googling smoke you
have just google it you have to google
great googly-moogly when a great
googly-moogly all about smoke and Annie
is braiding her hair again
all right so we just shop we found some
cool winter stuff and Australia stuff
you want to see what a guy Haley may
have found her Halloween costume dad
that yep Edie from The Descendants
so we are not gonna cut the tag yet
until we are certain is bought she's
gonna be wearing it tonight isn't she
then she got tired of wearing the
costume 52 times from before Halloween
and then she's like can I be something
else for Halloween yeah you know what my
answer is gonna be nope no not so fast
it's gonna be you have to use some of
your allowance to buy your costume why
are you looking like that I bought her a
costume if she chooses to buy to wear it
and then just decides to buy a new one I
think she should have to use her
allowance right right like do some of
your chores
all those tours that she doesn't do
Annie laughing what really we don't
really have a kitchen dishwasher to
unload so we got to find some other ones
well you can clean your room for sure
but that's not part of our allowance you
have to keep your room clean you don't
earn money for keeping your own room
clean you earn money for doing things
besides that like your chores like
fixing the pillows that was your job at
night now that you're older I think you
need some harder she does she's a
dishwasher
except lucky her we don't have a
dishwasher right now more dishes more
dishes we are outside right now and we
haven't been here been outside like an
inner backyard for a long long time like
forever forever rarey and um feels
pretty good outside it's hot you're not
really hot it's not really cold so I'm
gonna jump on the trampoline but first
I'm gonna take a selfie
oh no we're not gonna take a selfie but
first I would like to go out here well
you can go jump on the trampoline but I
like because it got here and sit for a
quick second and film me doing what
trampoline jumping little trampoline
jumping and then maybe a little sunset
looking practice makes progress I don't
think anything's perfect
so I say progress practice makes it
better can you ever be perfect you can
strive for perfection but can you be
perfect answer what do you think you
think you can be perfect let me see let
me see something that's perfect
nothing could be improved on that no so
it's perfect
okay it was pretty good yeah
that's beautiful so I like to say
practice makes progress
Wow at the gym ooh you know what maybe I
can add this to the Akron a video that I
was going to put up remember when you're
bouncing on the trampoline with Sidney a
few days ago maybe I'll have time to put
I was going to make a Akron a video that
maybe I'll have time to mix this in I
was pretty good
how the devil Bell yeah I know I thought
so now you're gonna try it with just how
bad it's a beautiful night out here on
earth whoa this is I always forget how
slippery this isn't my shoes oh thanks
hey thank you I was making up a song too
I lost the moments I just noticed some
things first
Vince is fixed secondly this is chopped
our yard people came by and fix the
fence daddy told me but look look what
happened wonder why they did that to
that tree I'm sure it was for a reason
I think oh yeah I just heard a fish plop
hey um do we have any crabs want to
check don't fall in hey
it gets dirty oh there is
pull it up high as we can see oh I'll
help
oh he's on the outside I want to be
stuck you want to go get get daddy yeah
Danny cuz go get daddy we think there's
a crab that's stuck yeah what I make a
horrible fisherman nastiness don't do
that mmm I think I need your costume to
wipe my hand hey does that come with a
belt
cuz it was cought belt loops oh uh why
any reason I'm not gonna come after you
with it I just I mean to look at the
costume what's gross oh we already saw
that is still there
I'm not feeling it daddy hon well that's
true I've got dirty hands it not touch
me okay I got to touch you I can't see
through the camera yep daddy to the
rescue here he comes maybe I can use his
shirt as a towel does he think we can't
see him
are you a tree catch anything yet I'm
hungry nothing well I'm gonna catch that
mood
that's for dinner oh yeah mere 88 inches
to the moon yummy we're having the moon
for dessert we got a crab but he's on
the outside it looked like oh he wasn't
stuck he was there he's promised you get
it on video yeah there is proof right
that he we're not crazy proof we're not
raising pinky you are a little bit crazy
but do you want to go for a swim do you
doubt my Pez
the dogs are not listening today are
they yep yep they are nope
they have swam off I forgot to get put
their vests on them it has been so long
since we've been out here
don't do it Evie plus I'm not wearing
like right it has done that as I live so
I hope it'll get lost out there when
Piper Oh
are they coming
yeah Hyrum yeah yep nope
they psyched you out come on I love
girls whatever get them over here yeah
come here
the owners hello that does now yeah
boners are that other help yeah I hear
them I do to me do hmm wait up here they
come here they come
whoa shit
he comes running through good girl
Winnie
hey Piper she's swimming g400
come here come on
oh my gosh that was crazy I thought
you'd go drown on that little Bob or
that was not safe so I like literally
with about to get in the water after her
good night I like drop the camera and it
and then hailey was like after it was
all say she goes you try to film that
and I'm like I couldn't film that well
that was a fun night we didn't get to
the grocery store
maybe the azekah say maybe there's still
time I'm strawberry shortcake oh they're
little tiny frogs are they frogs or
Christians she's right you can't tell
they're teeny guy hey hang on let Daddy
try to get one without all is all coming
over here I know what scooping up all
the rocks Donna okay this reminds me of
a video remember when we found the frogs
oh what was that video call is it I'm
sure there's a poisonous no bullet jump
at me no watch
potato baked potato baby thanks for
watching Britt Ailey
