I'm Elsa we are going to look at target
as Hayley wants to show me some things
that she wants for her birthday her
birthday is coming up don't you're
kidding them how am I gonna wrap them
don't I need to wrap your presents
usually you can show me some of your
suggestions and and then I'll go back
and I'll get them for you what do you
think yeah and then she's got Jim today
so like Elsa yeah I'm not puttin my
Pandora bracelet I are you leaving your
voice no okay so uh Hayley's got Jim
right um this afternoon right after
we're done running our errands and so I
thought it was cute that little outfit
she picked out cuz I had she just had
her Leo on and I'm like no you can't
wear that to Target so she went back and
this is what you came with but I think
we'll leave the sheet at home yeah yeah
okay that's perfect so we got a Leo a
little um sweater a little cardigan
sweater type thing vest and a really
sparkly blue blueish green and the tiger
and the top outlaw you're out top it all
off show me your shoes goodbye I was
funny too tired to stop jumping on the
bed but it really doesn't bother me that
she's jumping on the bed when it's on
the ground when I get my big bag back in
a few weeks
sunny and easy boy sometimes they are
we're going to target
don't open my pillow though because
I sleep on that
show me your best trial go
yeah straddle first let's travel if I
was a good one what a benign parents put
them
- how high can you get up in the air
Victor
next round
that would have split
well I got your bed I cut your arms off
going it
pretty good my bad on the workout all
right
upload complete Save Changes processing
my job here is done
ladies and gentlemen yeah
don't know what presents calling this
don't again
target ball and presses
you know if it makes you feel any better
Annie would have a hard time doing a
press can't stand on there because yeah
it's round in her hand might like flip
off I don't know if she could she might
I don't know you know what else he
baited been it has been for ever since I
had been to target 3 and I think bird
beat Bertie I grew today and you know
what else like it has been forever since
I and target until yesterday
yeah and now nothing Luther I have been
here two days in a row yeah score for
mommy really hurting me sorry I kept
swing you with one a.m. yeah
so today we did take it rolling Jim
giving in I think Andy's explained it a
few times so both girls had ticket drawn
today I am you got and a ring pop you
want a ring Bob
yes we'll get to that in a second
Laurita flappy Dappy flappy - I want her
to read whoa more oh yeah more how many
tickets did you have your sixteen
tickets and a new one a tootsie roll two
tootsie rolls a Ring Pop and a Laffy
Taffy yep that's pretty much it's pretty
much it you had to go practice yes ready
to go partay okay and banana i won the
grand prize which is Aliyah free leo
admit one really pretty
hey George Patti hi um that's rainbow
and if I got a razor baby and I want a
popsicle popsicle and yards nice I
wanted nerds everyone talked to them I
was like where did you guys get the
Nerds and then um girl my group said um
I took the last one
all my group didn't take them it was
just mmm well sounds like you guys had a
fantastic day last day of summer
practice until yeah the fall schedule
starts and our whole schedule changes a
tip summer practices are over you guys
survived probably make you school soon
after Australia you excited or being
sarcastic sometimes I can't tell with
you I'm being too fast about the school
play but I want you um you ready to go
in fall schedule what are you gonna do
cuz I don't have your you ready for to
start school and like just read a book
have two kids are like spit wads at
everybody and distract them gonna spit
what is he's gross
a little pieces of paper and you roll it
up cut I know I know um until you get a
paper and he put it in your mouth and
then you get a straw on you and like put
it on your face how do you learn about
spit ones I'm Jesse oh I'm not um these
people that are mean - Ravi - Ravi oh
you go on his face
so yeah I was just kidding for the
record you can't shoot spit wads of
people why not it was not nice
limbo quite pretty out here
spread a gymnastics party and a summer
quite beautiful
did you fun down there
SuperDuper fun I heard somebody went in
a kayak and I get one I came down to
film kayak stuff and Annie's like too
late and um saw was I'm sorry everybody
that I missed the kayak footage now it's
too dark
they've called us in maybe you guys can
stay in baby Hayley and Mackenzie is too
dark it's too dark girls but really I
don't think I can on video what's in
your hair yeah
on video no oh here these girls taught
me how to turn the lock on the video I
know your baby hailey but no need to
drool we had a precious precious baby
here now Hailey's pretending to be
wearing don't drool drool on me now I'm
looking on baby hailey no truly baby
baby yeah yeah a little awkward
oh no glad I figured this flash out
cookies I have to have it on you bro he
don't look into the night ever the
audience just want you to call right now
and I might have a sleep over I might
stay over and it's member he's not in
the car and pop then I'm gonna ask she
wants to I will tell you gilma what's
the lock wait so yeah Annie has been
invited to stay over for a Barbara and
she wanted to only stay over of her
blankie was in the car
thank goodness she carries it everywhere
with her she's not supposed to carry it
everywhere with her so she's gonna see
me oh yeah we already saw it oh yeah
didn't ring well so Annie's never stayed
over at our done no gonna be super fun
by them you do that's good cuz if you
didn't like Arden that would be bad okay
I thought of a great question of the day
would you rather sleep at a friend's
house or sleep at your house sleep in my
house yeah like with the fingers yeah
yeah speaking of sleepovers I know oh my
gosh your leg is the air to sat on her
little leg I know you're not as little
because we just walked in the door it is
late though
no you're cold okay cover up okay
question of the day I asked Annie and
it's a good one speaking of sleepovers
Eddie and he's having one tonight right
would you rather spend the night at your
house with that friend or your friend's
house with that friend your house and my
house yeah I thought that you would say
you'd rather go over to someone else's
house No
that's it no explanation on why you want
to stay at your house you can rent a on
my first sleepover first and what does
this mean because I had one with Sydney
once and it was kind of like a long time
ago and I thought it was my first oh oh
okay
and at that I'm sleeping very cranky why
did you cry yeah you want oh so you'd
rather have it here so that I'm here
with you okay
take it away Haley hey what'd you say I
already have you good yeah oh don't
forget don't forget to come down blew
everyone Oh God question of the day is
oh um would you rather sleep sleep at
their house or um your house for a
sleepover right all right you are not
sleeping here but you can pretend Oh
daddy's home hmm
daddy went to his own party he's spying
on us we see you daddy that's not creepy
at all Haley's an only child tonight
Caleb's at a baseball tournament and
Annie to the sleepover tournament and we
have one little girl yeah
oh babe oh babe thanks for watching
Britt Ailey
