time for my tiny but I'm starting my day
off editing good morning guys
there's some loudness going out and I
don't like money in the corner kinda
towing us cameras are going up what
color is it white clothes cuz we got
three different color cabinets let's see
if we can take a sneak peek
Oh
yeah what a great game but now I gotta
get hailey some water because because
I'm too thirsty I'm not dressed I can't
go out there I mean okay I've got
pajamas on I'm not going out there in my
pajamas
she's by Jamie hey hey I'm not going in
my good dog no seriously let me get some
clothes on some regular clothes okay bye
go get a drink it's probably in the same
place it was yesterday
Oh pee pees
just being goofy what's wrong cranky
pants you thirsty
we got to figure out this drink straight
thing
go get your sister a drink I can t as
you can right now I'm with my mother
hey mommy hi bub so uh and we are in
target right now and um well yeah not in
target I know but huh anyways uh so
right now we're going to target because
we're gonna go shopping and side
Lamoreaux problem but um I got something
quality time with my mom because I'm
going away
they miss some we've got the girls off
to gymnastics and now Oh were you
talking huh okay Oh where's the girl go
okay anyway carry on girls her gym and
we got to go get some Caleb some stuff I
can see you I'm sitting next to the guy
that goes in the camera oh go into a
baseball tournament and we got to go get
him right um woke up like shower shoes a
hours ago sleeping bag I'm so tired I
woke up eight hours ago my face looks
like it's sunburned so Caleb get some
quality mommy time and that's about it
ready yeah sure I'm ready how's that
you're ready special any chance you know
like how they have battle cries and war
hands kind of like when you ask you if
I'm ready I always go and buy always he
means just Wow all right tell tradition
start mom dance have beginning you are
correct you're gonna crawl back to get
the checklist that he left in the
backseat
my head will wash in the backseat watch
you crawl Oh take the shoes off
can we hurry we don't have much time
okay I'm leaving
yeah we'll see how fast he gets up now
doesn't want his mommy do we have head
what head air bonded it is you go six
five point three seconds at our list
plus 85 we gotta get the stuff on it and
we get to go in Oh put enough shoes on
around two more minutes
magic
okay wait
okay okay now Steve
it's so humid outside really is
yeah wait for me I'll hold it hang on
the cup
got it clean out the trick car when we
got out of the car apparently I'm the
only one that can grab the trash if my
floppy kids can
I always try to when will you get out of
the car to grab what's wrong people is
they are you going to try to grab the
trash because if you clean as you go it
makes it a lot easier I tried to teach
Caleb Caleb these lessons on the other
kids but clearly haven't got through to
WN come on
watch watch Caleb here take the trash
in it
and that is how keep your car clean
tomorrow's lesson will be how much
anymore loving her tomorrow tomorrow's
lessons gonna be without you she's gonna
talk to yourself now
no I've got two other kids who teach
lessons what good get and I can teach
the kids that watch us on YouTube please
stand out
you've kids whew yeah but I knew I know
I'm why I thought they were just me
weirdo so balls everywhere the girls
were just the weird as it follows
everything yeah I know that you actually
knew them or anything okay so first
thing you need is like course first
thing we need in the whole caper right
right course uh-huh
or CEOs ooh my goodness free and get one
wow there's like there's like a cart
shortage
start charging for these bad boys whoo
that was close
good thing we didn't come in two days
later I wouldn't be here so anyway um
first thing thing back let's get to know
let's get you don't have to get you
belts a red one and a bully just in case
you have that you know they don't have
baseball stuff here I don't think Caleb
birthday ever
okay I sleeping back let's start with
that their daddy for and shower shoes so
we're gonna be the first thing I need
are flip-flops you can wear the shoes
shower so you don't get your feet old
nasty in public showers check I'm a hell
you said it wrong I'm a date hey guys so
we just got them which message we came
back home I'm like we've seen it but
look behind you get another look our
kitchens starting to come together
oh my goodness your first look it'll
look even more different when they put
the doors on right I'm standing in the
islands so yes okay oh yeah sorry you're
talking I was gonna explain more of that
yes it looks beautiful it's so hard to
do yeah I'm very about it French
braiding my own hair you look so it's
all the way up here and cute and now I'm
about to do payment after this yeah
you're gonna give her a new hairstyle so
yeah I think this needs a little bit of
explaining as you can see this is like a
gray and this is white up here and oh my
gosh the islands gonna be black with
white countertops all white countertops
everywhere I'm a little nervous about
having three colors in here but
apparently the designer said it's
beautiful a little nervous but so far
I'm liking it
and I'm super SuperDuper excited
probably more excited than anybody else
in this house but that's okay
I probably spend a little bit more than
10 minutes just sitting standing in
there hi what's up
where you going okay yeah ooh nice chat
I feel abandoned step right into the
salon chair sit down please oh okay well
would you like same yeah it's gonna look
so good better be better other I'm
better at other people's makeup other
people's hair easier to do it on other
people especially hair this can take a
while so we'll check that Claire
I am NOT standing here holding a camera
while you braid hair plenty visa
I gotta do something about dinner like
you know order a pizza cuz we don't have
um cuts and veggies yeah I should
probably do like this gourmet now we
have cabinets I can probably cook a
gourmet meal ceilidh you want your pair
of the middle of my like the way
normally parts on the side like Annie
parted hers on her side or do you want
it straight down the middle
your usual part let me see she did such
a good job jump under baby dolphins a
goofball we had to start Haley we have
to start practicing
you're undressing your doll in front of
the whole world say listen we've got to
start figuring out what you're gonna do
for meat hair
I told Haley that she can't wear a
regular ponytail yeah cuz here's the
rule the pony the hair can't touch the
ground or your eye right Annie
so Annie can't wear her hair I got to a
meet but she could do this when you do a
handstand do a handstand catch your
Annie kick hard Haley's so you're there
you're touching yeah and that you get
points off of that happen so don't take
points that you can avoid them what do
you want to do
okay
signature that with their favorite wine
ones you have little you know we saw the
pull it back sir
alright take that hair down at laughing
for a whole 10 minutes before bath time
right now I'm going to crimp my hair
these are the question of the day right
oh yeah I'm doing it and then let me
look at it if you were a teacher and the
kids in your class would not listen to
you what would you do
uh I would totally like nicely kind of
nicely and tell them to stop no but they
weren't listening to you they weren't
listening
I would bribe them I would say you guys
stay quiet for like what X amount of
time you guys get candy candy or gum or
okay um mine would be um like Amy said
bribing but not her a same thing I would
hunt give them oh no I would give them
fifty dollars if they stopped no you
can't bribe them I already took that
Annie but I would hit them in the back
with my paper and then give them a paper
cut good boo we guys not monologues good
enough the question today is if you are
a teacher and the kids in your class
would would not listen to you what would
you do bye see tomorrow you let's like
your lips like your you have lipstick on
oh ye
it looks like I have lipstick on - mmm
baked potato baked potato baby thanks
for watching
Britt Ailey
