time for metalli
hey guys he'll be our home and we are
fully rested today because I like um I
slept in the car and we got home like
12:00 and I and I was like a sleep like
an hour before that like two hours
before that and when we got in the car I
literally just ran up to go to sleep and
then I woke up at like 7:15 and it was
like geez
I thought it was gonna be like 9:00
because I I woke up and I was like it's
probably like seven so I went to back to
sleep and I was like oh well I should
probably get up because I won't have
enough time to get ready before
gymnastic you have a full night play
yeah I'm good and we are so excited
because we get a little bit of what we
get a break from like traveling and then
we go to Australia for a Star Wars event
and we were just talking about it and I
was thinking geez it's a long flight and
I'm like oh my gosh I'm so excited but
I'm kind of nervous like what about it
like
I don't know like and you're just
sitting there for 15 hours like what
would we do I know we were like sleep
but not for like the whole 15 hours like
some things I can do
ya know but one of daddy's friends said
that he's gone to Australia before and
they have like ice cream sundaes that
they bring out yeah but I don't know
what airline you're lying
that was for United oh I'm kind of
nervous and also I put the camera up so
I'm wearing this a new wheel that I got
and we are going to message right now of
course as I just said Malia Haley's
behind me
usually she's right there as you can see
her but she's right there now and yeah
nervous about that daily even though it
from like almost two weeks I'm still
like oh geez fifteen like a 15 hour
flight
are you ready to meet people at school
Australian accent yeah yeah you gotta
try to like learn their accent they're
using they're just saying I went off
accent here
that's totally scared
so like our all I wonder if like oh this
is the space bigger like the plane yeah
I've heard that you have a little bit
more room oh it's like 15 hours possibly
I thought it was 20 come on I'm like
we're gonna be like so many hours ahead
and blue so wait explain this to me
we're leaving on what day like a Sunday
I think so what time we'll be getting
all like what devil beginning I don't
know but it'll still be Sunday really
really I thought it'd be like Tuesday oh
no like I missed one day because you're
going the other the next we come home
it'll be like that oh it's you like if
we come home like the lion on Saturday
it will be Monday yeah so they're ahead
of us oh wait so you're right so wait
home that it'll still be yeah all the
way there we're skipping a day
Yeah right oh my gosh I just really hope
I had this the other day we'll figure it
out okay so let's just say if it's this
skip a day and we're even get in on
Tuesday instead of Sunday that's not a
full day because they're not and then
maybe we come back sudden Sunday it
would be a Sunday here right
that's what I just did
just go right here well I couldn't cut
across that would be dangerous
I don't know I was scared so we're not
really almost in the gym my mom I just
took a wrong turn and so let's try to
figure this out
see you after gymnastics we're filming
okay hi guys it's me Annie
and uh we're like going up high it's not
idiot to live awesome is that brown no
you can live oh my gosh I love your
carrots okay
hurry I like primping and it was like
that's what everybody says they all
loved I love like hi okay I look really
good after like a fool I look I look wow
I like just wow my nail tricks
honey kit plate but the landing kit okay
screenshot this and say live is so swag
I dare you to like anyone to know
screenshot this wait wait wait the
screen shatter into atoms
do it right that little I can do it yeah
just like you don't scream shot this
like when I was like that I got so mad
at Annie I like she like came in hey Liz
I was like no no he was like you can't
did you guys read you're like no no no
and then she's like what and I was like
you're kidding right hmm it's like
you're kidding me right
like what did I do this time but anyway
when you do that I'm pretty sure I was
just thinking about that
so we first impressions live we'll go
with the first time we met burn it I was
late we were in the car with on ha ha oh
hey I'm Brendan was back in the backseat
me Katie and livers friend and live
decides to check a metal water bottle
not written I did not mean to I wanted
them put it we go it in the back like
the trunk and cuz we were playing
throwing the water bottle into the back
and I was like oh my turn
ha ha we all have like water bottles
like like plastic water bottle ah ah I
forgot I had a memo and by trade and she
throws it right on Berta's head and then
that was like and then Brendan I don't
look now doesn't really like her yeah
well now now he does but he sort of
avoids by now yes he sort of said dr.
Reid I mean I don't know Leland nobody
says you don't have anything like metal
on you right like what I would i I'm
sure he likes you he realized what was
an axe
I mean you didn't hire thanks
I should already know that GBC jobs go
and you just go I just find she
Instagram she did yeah so I'm not good
at this Graham I'm not either
I saw on Amanda's Instagram shout out to
Brandon message it and then I was like I
was like she he could Instagram and I'm
like oh my gos hmm great John Scott hey
John Grainger know each other is ever
wondering what adam mca' castle was like
you're getting the four one one right
here hmm
changing what creepy consolidate oh I
thought you said creepy change song
Eddie let me know either so let me go in
first you know I got a squeeze no no
okay I did it for you k don't look at em
look yeah wait wait ready
Haley open the door the door thing is
gonna be right here Wow gonna be our
I've been recognized your house and I
want to prove and this that's gonna be
the refrigerator where you guys open up
your big chicken and hot TV will go on
that wall ah I was about to say you're
not gonna just put it right here
right I mean like it works with like the
wall but yeah okay so yep hello guys so
it is time for today
did you just lick me did you just lick
me I'm good and feel like you're looking
me like no joke
it really does what is that often
knocking you not really wonder what is
what Oh Oh anyways at times going today
as you can see Katie and liver here okay
oh it's just me two random people
staying at her house okay Michael Amy of
course but what is one single food that
you would never give up I know what
we're out I'm done this one before um I
did it at your house with them me oh go
we have different kinds of sandwiches I
know I know I know I know
Haley pink Domino pizza okay I hate meat
that I'm um
I was kidding I don't hate beets um I
feel like certain types except oh my god
um you're blurry genes hi you area there
we go Oh
anyways we need under her love your face
that's so weird like Shari gottschalk
we're just change it here oh you guys I
don't know my only running upstairs I
don't know didn't get no time every day
dude kitty oh no fermentation oh gentle
epic oh maybe just quitting Haley isn't
giving that to you yes I am I like
horses oh you need to see my guy horse
oh wait I don't know what food mac and
cheese of mine mmm
hello Micah Jesus I don't really know
what I'm Hank it makes all right look at
the good of the day is what is one
single food that you would never ever
ever cam from the relationship ever ever
I just ate it
wait it was the phone on the bed yeah
did you really know I'm just kidding
with mine screenshot it oh wow it's over
the kitchen today which is what is one
food that you will never give up and
serve at the hair because you know I
just would baseball practice nice what I
told baseball effect that's it I'm
sweating anyways um what is one food
that you would never give up I don't
have to say macaroni and cheese because
I love that food anyways um I just got a
fortune cookie today so let's trip over
that let's reassess we got that you
avert misunderstanding by calm poise and
balance whatever the heck that means
so yeah it's a big dot we also got a new
glove
as you can see because I lit what you do
is exactly this you just do that and
that and everything like that I'm not
gonna get hurt because I don't do that
but anyways um yeah guys so cuz the day
is what is one thing what is one food
you gonna have to give up anyway come
down below cuz you want to know the
question the day is what is one food you
wouldn't give up I said that twice
dagnabbit Louise you tomorrow babe
thanks for watching Brit Ailee
