time for my tiny weight start the
morning right with a quick exercise
downstairs elevator was taking too long
and we're running late so we're running
down the stairs all the way from the
19th hour just kidding we're on the
fifth floor so it's all good right hey
you can do it see we're going to beat
the elevator we waited for a good solid
five minutes for the elevator he never
came to make it Oh push daddy's got the
car waiting for us whoa busy lobby today
this is why the elevator would say
things are long its raisi in here
General George Washington here to greet
us a party people
hey elevator took forever we went
downstairs yeah we good we went down the
stairs down raise your hand if you know
where we're going okay look you prostate
any to Pearl Street
you are correct my friend and what is
located at 82 Pearl Street New York New
York yes Caleb pearls yeah thank you
rekt again Oh gold no anybody now
anybody at all Oh Oh Danny no people
what kind of people people really and we
are going to be go free process that
cavern and who was Francis and a museum
and Annie yes I am Francis anybody
remember kids I've got this issue George
Washington's personal chef and he was
captured by the British and they forced
him to make like something driving a
bike in New York what are you doing this
guy for the occupation of something got
it nailed it I don't know that was true
oh the truck yes not a nanny what what
what's the truck doing ah
he's coming at us I think we just
witnessed a wreck oh they're not in Iraq
yet what
this is awesome he's gonna like
jackknifed his truck skills to pay the
bills oh he's coming back oh here's our
car what
there's no filming sign in there but
there's a note
filming sign in there I don't think
Specter cares
he saw it I think we've got permission
something tells me we have permission
you are right now standing in the George
Washington's didn4t of the most
important people get it again
interrupted the good part we were about
to breathe it in
amazing okay so one of the cool parts
about this room is that almost
everything you see here is I'm standing
over 200
this is George washing the pieces when
Washington appears this is his cousin
those and piece of his teeth
Wow we haven't your teeth we'll just
take this out and they will put it in
there with George's yeah it's loose
there's still time going oh yeah
the way you were holding him I almost
had a thumbnail it was going to look
like Caleb steals benjamin talmadge
diary from it straight from the Frances
tavern okay who's ready to do a talk
about the women of America there we go
I'm pretty ready for this she's got a
Francis cavern and now we're heading to
one little alleyways pretty darn cool
yeah what a lot of tape it's a lot of
tables
pretty darn cool
I like it now he's going to find a place
don't let me miss it we're going to
Ulysses you gonna get those reading eyes
out how you listen oh I see it
really okay
Oh Haley you can't come in here you
didn't bring your colonial costume oh
you're only George can go it's problem
George you're the only one that's
allowed can you get us in you think oh
I'll see you guys all right please yeah
that'd be great
take care of things it's a proper attire
required it looking good looking good
okay good he pulled a few strings for us
are people staring at us yet they were
technically it's not happy I think
they're staring at you they're filming
it too Oh
I think he wants you to sing Yankee
Doodle deke dude oh you can do it all
you get to look totally good are you
embarrassed now
did he embarrass Haley since it was
possible
so you know now that I've had some time
to calm down from this tragedy we can
get a good look at it isn't that really
really sad we're gonna be able to pull
the dent out oh they got to replace the
family is there a dent
oh my goodness thanks New York City
truck drivers they don't make cars
anymore either so he started yeah they
stopped making all the cars all them
yeah we've learned a little bit about
the Navy Yard we're heading back to the
car to drive very carefully down to the
dry dock and we see a puppy well because
it's an active yeah Navy Yard and people
are actually working you know the scrape
on the car kind of looks like dick
decorations doesn't it doesn't it kind
of look like they're supposed to be
there
humor me yes yes it's beautiful so nice
Master Danny it's right next to us is do
not even pay to do them up
buckle
the company was giving us always buckle
up no matter how far you think you're
going
didn't work in this Baltimore no Kiefer
just like that guy
gzip like when we got into a wreck on
the side of our car today yeah we did
not there's wet so Caleb
Annie and Haley right now we're at an
underground parking garage about to go
to ok it's really not that secret but
anyway I was making it sound really like
skylight but anyway we are at a bar Todd
was coming out we are going in to
Hillary Clinton's campaign headquarters
do you guys know what that means really
not really do you were they all gather
and do campaigning type things
yeah Hillary Clinton for president 2016
now you get it you get to go get a
little tour of that we're going to go
where they know Paul people where they
you know they get the word out that
she's running and you know try to talk
to people to help fund it because it
costs a lot of money to run over lunch
so we're gonna go check it out if we get
a little tour I don't really know what
to expect except what I've seen on TV
and movies and that's always accurate
always 100 was an act always watch be in
movies every day guys all aversion to
triumphant but first we'd ice cream the
world's first haagen-dazs oh my goodness
lucky yes no no no no no no oh my god
that loves your cone that just fell go
into the paper
I know would you have cried let's try it
again with real tears no for the camera
Annie or I would make a great thumbnails
that's a pretty good one too though
good curving mm yeah
all right so this just n your hosts for
today's tour is Olympic figure skater
Michelle Kwan whoa let's take that Wow
I don't let Ben take your skater I'll
show some IDs to get behind those doors
right there guys Haley where's your ID
though states money you have an ID that
that H dollar sign you give a nice
dollar sighs where's your H dollar sign
yeah ideally why had you oh man you
can't we just made history waiting the
homie Clinton campaign oh well that's a
good way to start the Train our highly
under that I didn't yeah so we've gone
signs as you can see the different
departments we have here's the tech team
over there do you recognize the Nerds
team do you see the sign I just say
terminated the policy department over
there they were they were nerds for your
ru but they're like not good for the
team oh thank you for looking at Bruce
yeah oh my my my my dinnertime
we just left the city and we were so
worn out by Caleb oh my gosh he doesn't
have shoes on his feet
I'm going I'm going to beat him when he
gets back you can all wait does it eat
oh my gosh I'm so tired I don't know if
I have the energy to beat him though so
you may get a slide this time
caleb dude you cannot walk around
without shoes on Tommy okay good because
I told everybody that I was too tired to
beat you so you get a pass this time
look next time I won't be so nice so we
just left the city and we're hungry
and we're tired and we're eating
right I'll bite so I don't know if we're
gonna make it the car ride home I think
we're gonna go to sleep so could anybody
think of a quick question of the day
what was your favorite part
mmm let's do we did high-low already
this weekend so let's do what's your
favorite part of the whole weekend
the drydock or the Statue of Liberty
sale no detective Wendy sailing the buoy
Hillary that Hillary Clinton
campaign and
headquarters Wow first your favorite
part you sure don't know where you were
Clinton Hillary Clinton uh prefer
something to the female something
headquarters campaign here she's
campaigning for presidency all those
people that you saw there today are
trying to help get her yeah they're all
helping her trying to become president
caleb favorite part the weekend
we're aspiring okay yeah so that's it
guys
we're gonna finish our dinner we're
going to hit get on the road and you'll
see us tomorrow when we're back at home
back to the grind
very very early breakfast a very healthy
breakfast
really okay you do that Beibei thanks
for watching
Britt Ailey
