good morning
fractions are happening now I don't like
fractions but daddy loves fractions so
he was helping her earlier I don't know
what realms means so damn a thing like
rounding yeah math makes him happy this
morning is in full swing I'm doing
laundry he's kind of doing laundry has
all piled up and he's editing and
there's those two gracing our wall every
day Christmas step is still up and Annie
is up here doing school as well it's a
full swing they got two days off
Christmas Day and Christmas Eve but they
pretty much been doing school other than
that what are you doing listening to
music
what song a good one I like that song
Annie's in her comfy onesie still and
Hailey's in her PJ's from Nicole sweats
her sweats okay we're gonna go get our
eyebrows waxed out I think we are my
nails need to be done I here's a problem
I don't know if I'm the only one like
this but I like to do a little bit at a
time like I don't my toes need to be
done my fingers need to be done and my
eyebrows need to be done but I don't
want to do all three today so maybe two
nails and eyebrows and we'll go get our
feet down another day no you're good so
you're just going with us
you're not getting your eyebrows done
you can come we're gonna do a video what
supplies do you need because it is
surprise alright well stay tuned for
that I'm gonna turn this camera off and
quit with this update because I updates
distract come on Haley see she's already
up here sheesh what is all over yours
yeah that's what you just spilled it got
on you I knew it got on the blanket what
okay
she's gonna go tell tell her what your
videos are gonna be about and then go
back to school
alright stay tuned for an update not
that kind of update but just later on in
our day update okay okay no you don't I
have life problems no you don't touch a
sastra fee
what what what we are going to the mall
no that's a great angle I'm not I
already said that and we are getting oh
I can't say that either surprise in the
surprise yeah what screaming sorry I
think she has really rabies what does
that have to do with me screaming
okay it's not okay no guys this makes me
really sad I just want to look at my kid
yeah have avoided the mall for a good
week trying to be just dead plug any
plug plug plug plug outlet on iTunes no
enough that kind of the club on iTunes
now that should be like I'm really I'm
looking for an outlet hold on plug it in
palestin higher than a girl and let's
extraordinary world
yeah let's that's not coming back any to
stopping that hold on well you should do
that all the time people were getting so
annoyed with you guys that says no
parking clearly on the ground it's full
that way full oh my no it's just full x
meaning let's try the mall bad I gonna
just walk to it like helices bad to them
I just put my hair up it's stuck in a
wet like when you wash your hair and
like oh yeah fresh start and then I'm
dead this will Michael trim to mine the
other day and so I'm so we are going to
the mall to get our nails done this is
not good oh but it's not relating
eating something I don't even know where
to go oh that's right where are we
I've never happens if you've run out of
working too bad death by a nice spot you
know ok thanks to hanging on us on art
drive through the parking garage next
time we will drive Barney drive out of
the parking lot
mommy what are you getting Joe yeah you
kidding it's getting acrylics she's
getting right acrylics I told him really
sure but they said no
it looks good on you I was like okay my
nails
now
my eyebrows
mommy got blood
nothing
all right my friends if I run into
anything we just cleared out Sephora
with some gift cards
and mum well some of it was my stuff and
I did not use an e to get hurt I did a
pretty good job clearing out Sephora -
and I got I needed
she's been dying for one of those black
masks I'm dying
so we're gonna try them out God is not
something and you have included seven
traders to these um so stay tuned
because we're gonna try to do these
messes tonight and I'm kind of excited
three girls worth glitter mess stay
tuned
oh maybe we should put them on - honey -
he will love it love that so I am doing
school and it is what Wow so I'm doing
school and it is 5:30 and I started at
4:40
so I kind of got in an hour down I've
got two more and I'm done with my six
hours of school and then yeah so what
else was I gonna do what you're gonna do
you're gonna wash my face and I was
gonna do a whole it might be too late
for all I don't know so I'm in science
right now and I've done like a lot of
science and I might be and Haley's doing
a video I think Madre yeah is Haley
doing a video
yeah they can ya hear me tell me when
you can't can't hear them anymore ready
can you hear me can you hear me can you
hear me one to ten
um one more um seven four four you do it
one four three six seven
uh summons at all hopefully and kind of
stole anger I don't want to jump out of
school so right now we are shopping
online and my Messick was it let's not
look at wow I look you like shopping at
brandy melville melt me brandy Melvin
brandy melville and I currently got like
13 things in my cart and then I also
have Pandora which I have four things in
my cart and then Topshop I have two
things in my cart and then Urban
Outfitters I've got one thing in my car
don't worry I'm not my car
it's not a car it's a buggy when you're
around Haley for two anger issues would
you go shopping oh those the pants don't
I don't what the pens I want to shirt
would not even say Metallica okay those
are so cute I just found these shorts
do I like them yes you guys ever just
feel happy cuz you found me the perfect
Paris no okay just me whoa chill pills
those where do I like these I don't know
wait this one waits well I didn't see
this one but where this well okay or
this one cool those ones or this one oh
no I'm getting this okay
sin I sin that sighs so I've got like 15
things on my back I will not get them
all over my promise but y'all are gonna
be here for this so let's get a Pandora
first let's see which ones they want and
which ones I don't want so I've got the
okay give me the heart ring another
heart ring huh oh I like that heart ring
oh it is time for the question of the
day I don't know that okay
oh it's blur to the e oh oh
glitter yay fun okay okay though the
question of the day is have you ever
gone wait if you could wait yeah what
was what is your what is one of your
peers that you would want to face
probably your fears yeah yeah um
probably Heights I do not like Heights
very much mine is the ocean because I
love like the beach when I can't go in
the ocean it's so scary mm-hmm so do
hope you forget to comment down below
cuz we want to know the question of the
day is what is your mouth
what's one fear you would like to
accomplish I'm sure yeah right Saigon
bonus footage of Haley choking guys fail
we didn't do our masks and now it's too
late
yes Tim it's 1029 I was gonna do my
Master's gonna
my face muted tomorrow yeah well do
masks tomorrow Sparkle mask glitter mask
glitter mask star oh you're doing the
other kind all right sorry guys I hope
we didn't like burst anybody's bubble
but all of a sudden it was but all your
shopping we did hope we didn't burst any
bubbles by promising Sparkle mask
sprinkle maps for mmm I don't function
well at 10:30 at night so bonus footage
over thanks for watching and we will see
you tomorrow and maybe just maybe
there'll be some sparkle masks and mud
map and gravity masks and whatever else
we bought right right bye
yeah oh good timing the battery lights
blinking can I love your room just
wanted to say remember to celebrate life
based on baby
thanks for watching
Vitaliy
