time for my tally
today is the first day of wherever we're
going are we going to New York or New
Jersey I'm going to find out which one a
real interface isn't like me where we're
in New York but I think this weekend
starts in New Jersey right we're gonna
go learn about New York is later this
weekend goofball we are all Oh daddy's
doing halo shoes I was gonna say we were
all dressed and ready to go out the
hotel on this first day of our field
trip weekend the second day yesterday
was the travel day doesn't count second
week Caleb's getting his shoes put on I
don't know why because you're tired I
thought I was because you didn't know
how to tie your own shoes but and yeah I
don't know Andy's right I don't know
exactly what we're doing today I think
there is gonna be some Hut building some
time um what else I don't remember what
else good shoes but we're gonna find out
and we're gonna let you know so that you
guys can follow along
oh why is he always wearing that as a
good question Oh
burn burn my fair feathered friends not
fair feathered fine feathered friends
yessiree where's Caleb back there
sleeping all right well I guess he's not
gonna hear where we're going today I've
just checked my notes we're headed into
Morristown New Jersey right now really
yep and we're gonna hear about the
Kardashians uh make sure I get this year
right 1780 who knows about the
Kardashians of today raise your hand if
you know who the Kardashians are I know
you know who the Kardashian side I don't
think my kids do
okay so they're not going to really get
this so let's explain to the Kardashians
are yeah they're kind of famous for just
being themselves nowadays Calibri you're
dreaming about the Kardashians right now
I'm sure yes want to know something
exciting that we're gonna do
cuz we can stop that yawning right
instead of yawning you guys get to learn
how to knit
we acne I think so definitely
yeah you ready for that
I used to crochet I'm think I think it's
not I think it's similar but it's not
the same
I've always been overwhelmed by that
whole genre of activities so this would
be good yeah obviously yeah it's gonna
be a good warm-up for the John Hancock
yeah because you're gonna get your
wrists ready I'll actually be surprised
if I don't tie myself in bounds I maybe
it'll be easier than we think
Chui should we do some risk calisthenics
yeah where we get there gotta get your
wrists warm up you don't want to pull a
muscle in your wrists hailey warm your
wrists up cuz that could be a bad injury
like a knee and you are going to go back
to gymnastics and you're gonna wrist
they're going to be sword you're gonna
be like you're out to explain that you
have sore wrists from knitting like when
a any had to say my dog ate my heel cup
welcome to the conversation Wow
ready to get your nails on maybe you
could knit me a new George Washington
costume because I don't know how much
longer this one's going to make it it's
already made one trip to the dry cleaner
right yep one trip to the dry cleaner do
they look at you like that was the most
awesome thing in the world or were they
a little like crank me yeah because what
I dropped it off hit it smelled like it
had lived and the woman at the dry
cleaner made a weird George Washington
stinky face which was hilarious and I
did get a photo of that so I'll show it
to you later it's pretty awesome
and then yeah let me wash that fake
costume and I think they had trouble
washing it because when I went to pick
it up they got nervous cuz it wasn't
ready and then they ended up dropping it
off special in my house so when I got
home was hanging on my back door very
exciting that's often what is you know
critter and I don't think that's moving
is that a scarf
it looks really good oh yeah you're
gonna get pro with this Annie no worries
really how's that ground bill historical
record put it in the car is this a
footpath right here hey H money will you
pump me up
see those yellow pumps you got a you got
a squeeze and pump it up it pumps air
into a shoe dry it
yep like 20 times on each side and then
I'll be pumped up enough for the Shuler
house I mean you got to be prepared when
you walk into an historical house you
guys were just pumping up these pumps
will be ready in a few minutes he's
putting the kids to work oh yeah I mean
there's gonna be knitting pumping
pumping John Hancock ings all I mean we
are gonna cover it all in the Shuler
house oh yeah okay yeah feelin feeling
pumped up yeah why are you kicking him
yeah it's two kicks for one day awfully
aggressive each money for 9:00 a.m.
Annie did you get your nickname what did
you get your nickname yet now why is he
running he didn't give you your nickname
and now he's hiding okay did you bind
him it's like Where's Waldo where's
General George Washington we have a
confession to make
that we've been calling it the Shuler
house all morning and it's actually the
Schuyler house so my apologies to
history we know it's the Schuyler house
now we're gonna what on my shoulders
wait yeah over one
like you want to stand on my shoulders
how about you just do that
bili my faceplant
don't tell me with my head a bit tragic
I can't see me this way how did I do not
that good that was harsh
alright what did I do wrong
I think he actually made it a little bit
further over strong he fell over on the
back end
stalling straight arms I need to try
harder start with the hand Sancho that
might have been the problem
and then you got to put a foot down so
that you land on your feet
hand hand foot foot
foot foot but fast hand hand foot but
yeah
straighten your legs next time he's
gonna do this neck what you just did
this is your nose right out oh yeah no
that was amazing
I'm gonna return George's hair to the
car so shall we go in the other room now
yoke's let's get our knitting on let's
get the knitting stuff on you have a
question any time you go ahead ask it
ask away
what's up refrigerator are you thirsty
er - no there's refrigerator
refrigerator so here are ladies and
they're already sitting there knitting
and we're going to start joining them
okay anybody know who the lady on the
table is anybody anybody anybody just
some more
she seems to have a flag in her lap
who's famous for making a flag into the
name do you know it or you're just
biting Iowa um so be very go he's
halfway there and sets the beds pets
pets lips that's fancy huh that's your
excellent Haleyville up the building
lost is done is rocker I have a dream
who the one day I will wake up is this
my hmm
I know it's a light into the light into
my deal what's your dream that you're
gonna have one day he made many of you
every day
yep sounds legit alright alright Hancock
oh yeah
who was the best knitter me me me that's
fun we have to clean this car they'll
filming the inside of this car how
embarrassing our car is a mess and
they're filming our car our personal POV
wait that was redundant the ATM machine
our POV we knitted we sang I mean we had
a jolly good time you look at you I met
that's doesn't mix and my batteries
keeps dying on me left them
I left a battery charger at home and my
battery's not gonna survive we will be
at Best Buy to night mark my words odds
did you get a nickname you wanna you
want to just don't tell where it came
from
maybe they can figure out so this is H
min H money and what's yours yeah you
know one the whole thing Marvin yeah
and for short then yeah Johnny crazy
greener right one of my favorite places
in the world saved the day no battery
for my beautiful beautiful camera so I
had to buy a substitute which I'm
filming on now are you serious yeah you
bought that I had no choice
you bought a brand-new camera not the
same other one it's not this is not as
good of a quality I just bought a cheap
old one just to get it rid no it doesn't
flip but really mummy that's what it
looks like that's the same exact quality
good wait it looks like it also flips up
I chopped it
I was broke into camera mom it's already
dead we gotta charge the battery now
while we drive to our next destination
I'm like hitting this what focuses and
that value focus this one honey focus
run alone
okay well it looks focused
now we're at the vein of your house I
really don't know went on here but I
intend to find out so let's go oh wait I
don't say something though I have found
out this but not exactly so correct me
if I'm wrong anybody but I'm pretty sure
I heard this house which doesn't look
that big but the inside looks can be
deceiving it's really big in the inside
and um apparently this is built in like
1772 really I think okay good night
isn't it somewhere around that it's
thing and um always it was built by a
shot at the son of a like Dutch Dutch
builder I think we got some stuff to
learn we're trying on some bonus now oh
yeah
hey leave quite light a matching ring so
the white on is devily matching finally
I know you can't be the only one
sporting the authentic look I was
getting lovely I know most sausage shoes
the whole thing I think it's a package
deal yeah my my cash all not a deal not
an X all prevent I don't have a can um
I don't own a cannon I'm a housewife in
a long dress what would I be doing with
a cannon now I believe you folks you
don't have a cannon on side your food
we're fresh out of fresh out again as
more folk we'll probably just have to
make a pretend can do you want to end it
what say are you a favor shot good good
doing laundry in store into the spin
just getting good - alright them cannon
top good mm-hmm
so we're gonna get everybody's I'm
biting my cheeks well don't do that
ryuuji Annie keeps biting your tongues
and our cheeks when she's eating was
everybody hungry want some Johnny cakes
we just walked out of and of your house
we're going to build a hut in a little
while we're going to have water pitcher
races because we learned about molly
Pitcher and that's what's going to go on
outside can't do it
cleanse you puns like a molly Pitcher
i think so why don't you ask her name's
not really molly Pitcher right help help
up to round oh my goodness she's known
perfect so my battery's dying again so
if they want to see the water pitcher
races yeah but I didn't get to charge it
fully so if you want to see all this
stuff and in case I can't film it
they're really going to have to tune in
to these 13 colonies odes because I
think I'm going to miss Hutton building
and I'm going to miss water picture
relay because my battery is dying hallo
guys done with interviews their favorite
thing from today now you've got to draw
your favorite thing today if daddy looks
like a house let me draw you daddy's
posing as our color maybe they could
draw hashtag became no I'm I'm your yeah
I'm not gonna draw no only hi Rob hey
wants to lost custody of their on that
one really you get the rock hey Lanny
your crayons your markers almost fell on
a hashtag hey one often it would have
been a hashtag there we go mmm what
about my newest drawing what is that
call it Caleb Zillah Zillah oh I see
awesome
that is the bomb
yeah it's trying to opens mama there
should be in an art gallery you should
be in the art gallery or your your
portraits your pictures your art to say
art gallery what a Miata art gallery
mania yeah this is gonna be on every
website really yep every website let me
see yours
you know what it is mom I got it
potatoes all of you stream doing Yugi
what are we doing we're cheering you're
a cheerleader and those are your
pom-poms
no that's that's the point oh yeah
that's the poison ivy can't see you
your taste your stand on my shoulders
yeah Syd you're gonna stay on a
piggyback ride
no up on your shoulders all the way it's
not standing
I want them to run back
so we are back in the hotel and we have
some very important new not only
important but super duper exciting news
hey remember when Caleb spilled the
beans about a place we were going or
might be doing and he's about to tell us
ah Amy September 3rd and Sydney
Australia yeah we're going Australia or
Australia money is gonna come in handy
oh hi Haley we're going to Australia in
a few weeks
yes aware yeah she's on to that and that
meeting greet will be in the Westfield
Shopping Center yep in Sydney Australia
September 3rd yeah if you're in that
area we would love to meet you but we
don't know exactly what time yet not an
exact time they just said beep right so
afternoon ish evening ish stay tuned we
will announce it more more like well
we'll say nvidia we'll say it on
instagram so all you Australia peeps
where you might be able to meet you only
done we go yeah so I mean unless you
want to come all the way to America
America we heard that of many times
today America so let's move on to the
question of the day so the question
today is what those people doing over
there oh we can see into their room
homes yeah but is it to weight room or
something I don't know I can't tell so I
see letters half the what sorry got a
little distracted
the maybe late weekend here in question
today is
oneness yeah well I'd rather chew gum or
suck on a mint Nate heading up going
with gum Haley mints mints gum gum gum
meant actually oddball out it's but I
don't like the circular ones that are
really meant a man white you know what
men she does like my next letter in the
car cheesy day like the dinner mints or
those what those are the really soft
ones dreams ah wow that felt good
he's got kick all right well that's a
wrap today it is government see you in
Australia and tomorrow she just kicked
me in the face baked potato baby
thanks for watching
bratayley
