we are um here we are going I'm going to
get boots because we are going right now
like literally right now I'm just
getting boots and we are leaving for hey
balmy which are we going to first
what are we which one are we going to
first
uh New York City I can't eat so we are
going in New York City first and they
chose a No mmm I have back forwards just
to the skin and yeah see you in the car
or something sad Annie we just went to
the Arby's drive-through and he had
Arby's the other day at Jim Kenney week
and she got a the same toy hi darling
okay look got a kid's meal too winter
laptime and die when's the last time you
got a kid's meal Caleb tomorrow
I mean if we can trade don't you hate
that that's frustrating I know violently
Kalib etiquette co this is funny we're
on the road what does anybody know
anything about what we're gonna learn
this weekend roundabout spice
how do you know that you heard me say it
yeah yeah I got it
all right well you're my neighbor kid so
I'm going to tell you what we are going
to do like
going to charter bus line anyway we're
going to go sailing
are you scared of sailing since when
well you were scared of parasailing
right it'll be fun and we're going to
learn about yeah I think like Caleb said
how do you know did you just make that
statistic up who told you buuut you guys
want to play a friendly game of hey cow
okay um so the way you play hey cow is
you scream well you hope for traffic
because you got to not be moving and you
roll your window down and you yell and
scream hey cow and you get a point for
every horse every fork over you every
horse in the heart of what is a wire oh
yeah
anyway you get a point for every cow
that you make yeah well roll the windows
up you get a point for every cow you
make turn their head cuz cows don't
normally like to stuff what they're
doing they're very busy they're very
busy animal yeah hey Haley wear your
seat belt correctly trophy you just
oh we just got out of some horrible
traffic really bad traffic herbal herbal
what's bubble mean so we're now kind of
moving and we might be getting into a
New York City very very late
more chocolate more traffic
I'm also hitting a gas station unless
you we're gonna hit the gas station to
load up on road trip food dad see
spending battery loss this light pretty
Sam Thank You Caleb brother back that
I'm pretty I don't know if you could
hear him Paco are they yeah it's all
Bacchus did you get one yellow Haley T
all Packers so like we're on um back
roads right now because we've been
avoiding traffic so it's been making
them hey with that you roll up the last
window at like character ears but anyway
so yeah we've seen a lot of like cows
and alpacas know do your thing Annie
moose alpaca
Oh super mama drama I'm a big mouth mama
perfecta
miss miss a peptide unit yeah
move back loose I'll back nurses alpaca
a eunuch rimless come back miss Marris
alpaca unicorn nurse I'll back muumuus
alpaca I have gone away you haven't done
that while you'd forgotten it oh it's
been the longest trip ever close closer
and closer where we are actually not
even Matt to the right destination we're
mapped to a CVS because I forgot the
flat iron and that's not a good thing
when you're filming but I'd like to go
record to say mommy didn't film it the
last night I saw it right on button on
my shorts
yeah so I'm amazing mommy would you
rather be stranded in the desert or in
an Arctic whoo Haley asked me a good one
today that she made up that we had along
had to think long and hard about so a
desert or an Antarctic I would say a
desert because it goes along with sand
or snow right and didn't we both say
sand
right so what was the one that Helius
Haley asked would you rather Haley pay
attention make sure I get this right
would you rather be swept up by a
tornado or struck by lightning I know
should be lightening struck by lightning
the guy more chips right guys that's
what I find ways yeah daddy
struck now I knew they'd give better
chance of loving through yeah
let the road trip continue I want to see
ya
what I might what remember it what was
it
do you mind mine no I just had my head
oh yes I thought I heard you so if you
could only bring I'm sorry you were in
the desert you can only bring one of the
kids which can draw like it no no but
you gotta I don't owe you I can read the
only way that I can answer that
truthfully and fairly and I'd have to
say the littlest one because she needs
most help daddy says little ones that
you see if you carry
I said if I had like seriously had to
make a split-second decision
there's only two hours but she's not
useful
if i had to be in the desert and I could
pick up to one kid to be with me I would
pick no kids because I don't want any of
my kids to have to be in the desert keep
in mind so you're thinking of uh-oh you
take your favorite kid no you wouldn't
because you don't want that kid to be in
the desert he's I'm saying yeah but that
wasn't the point behind the question
that kids now stuck in the desert so
you're really doing a good thing for the
other two kids yeah if you got stuck in
the desert
you had to bring one kid right you're
being nice to the other two kids by not
made I'm going to the desert with you
hey Kayla just worded the question wrong
no I said right
Oh favorite kid no you wouldn't want
your favorite Dahlia
there you go Yanis fetid desert describe
which came in all rivering one kid the
only brain or not is a tough question
cuz that's not about I don't know we
don't have to I'm bringing none of him
get a job you dirty slob
No and that was it Inez in the bed just
like that we literally just walked in
and Annie is out like she skipped
brushing teeth she's gonna sleep
get cozy guys I mean we don't need to
brush our teeth or anything and we're
waiting on slowpoke over here to open
the door up puts our rooms are
togetherness door didn't break for real
for Rizal for real I didn't ask any he
loves
we broke the door I did this I'm just
gonna pull it over I don't like that it
freaked me out
oh my goodness you're Meyer died or can
it be fixed no we fixed it
until next time you open it oh man
I'm reporting you I thought you were
joking - oh this cuz he's such a
jokester I didn't break my door they
have one bed over here if you're
different a cube a mani any boo boo
77 like this one off okay this one's
like yeah I mean you can obviously some
see that they've had issues with this
door you're gonna get charged for that
all right what a stinkin bed oh all
right Saul how about you he serves up I
don't know these are problems I was kind
of trying to do a little room tour this
little room is cute yep yep that's about
all there is to that rule they can just
close a little and then we got two beds
over here and Hayley once I got a
stinking bed
oh we have a bathtub guys when you stay
in a hotel with kids you need a bathtub
because you know how hard it is to wash
to wash hair kids hairs in a shower it
is extremely hard
so Annie's gonna obviously skip out on
the question of the day so you can't
skip it on the question of the day right
now as you can see I'm in my room and um
well cursing today is hotel or room and
well I must say home I'm hotel room guys
hotel her home um I'm just say home
because you know at hotel anything could
be wrong like you know for example I'm
gonna call this hotel out the plug down
here that's something and it sort does
not work how great is that
and then over here you guys into this
one um the door channel is broken and
then the bathroom
catwalk it yeah I'm definitely gonna say
home because uh it's just a few examples
of hotels can go anywhere and uh yeah
but other than that and I used to like
hotels because you know it's just a new
feeling like it's different than your
home to feeling but you know it's like
hotels no gotta shoot so
stop
yeah so anyways um yeah I don't know was
conversations going anymore see little
personalist camera person's gone it's
like a little it's a little person that
is a tiny head and then like tiny
everything Oh
anyways okay guys we'll see you guys mom
remember to come down below cuz we don't
know the cause of the day is do you juhi
chawla rather do like hotels or your
house better he'll see this conversation
gets any more awkward baked potato baby
thanks for watching
Britt Haley
