time for my Daisy hello good morning
guys
we are well this weekend we are going to
enough to either new States for our 30th
let's say 14 : 13 colonies Bing majiggy
and this um weekend we are going to New
York and New Jersey right I said that
right hmm and we're gonna before we do
that we're gonna get our nails done to
rock come all and you know we gotta have
pretty males I'm getting a crunch tip
I'm here daddy
and it really tripped off before I have
it
mm-hmm they're all chipped off and
either here's a brush Paula thanks upon
my nails
hey if they have it I'm gonna get like a
neon yellow with what looks sky-blue
here and in the sky blue here in the
she's got a plan guys Oh mmm I'm gonna
do a light pink or a white um on my
nails and then spurs cool then I'm gonna
just get a solid color on my toes
the girls have gymnastics I'm later on
mm-hmm yep oh my right I'm gonna be um a
duck quack what Wow car park Clark
cut
quark but Wow someone's truth is taking
forever to come through more yeah yours
did take a long time
all right we're sitting in the car if
you're wondering because we're so early
none of the places to eat or opened yet
so we're just not in Italy open
what about you Paulie oh I had your boat
like yesterday we won that show no
Hollyoaks opens at 11:00 much like the
rest of them I mean what was probably
the only one that it does is there and
it's 1058 so mu 259 waiting till right
11:00 to go in then you get our food
come on one more minute let's go fry
time we get out true
and TR the actor
yeah alright let's go go get you some
new shoes we if we got an e we got to
get an e some new shoes
today because last time we filmed the
field trip video her shoes didn't fit
they were like a size too small so we're
gonna go get her some new ones
hey Bigfoot Bigfoot you got your feet if
God stopped growing between you and
Caleb needing new shoes every other
month
connects plane okay so we were doing
second half I decided I am fly away and
then she comes out to other lat
except for the other I'm just kidding
finally I'm bunch of probably looks like
that cuz my eyes for water yeah and then
it looks like she's crying and crying
and rubbing it and three eyelashes got
in my eye
the coaches like picked up three little
eye and a little piece of pit and now
from like all the soreness it feels like
when I close my eyes that is like still
more in it but coach Mary made us close
one eye for the restaurant yeah boy you
had ten push-ups all of you yeah you all
had to close one eye yeah and be like
pirate Annie mm-hmm actually she's pit I
were pit I'm pit I pat she's put I pat
or when I Willie yeah we made that up in
bars
so it kind of ruined the last like 30
minutes of yours yeah no I was gonna do
a friend giant but I really I didn't
wanna write J I was gonna get out or no
I was just gonna do um I didn't want to
go on the rail bar because I was sick is
scared that my I was gonna like oh no I
was beautiful excuse me I was gonna like
I I would get to it like my wat wat my
wallet something I Drive and I have to
heard with link and I would have to like
bail on my giant one time I dreamed of
um um my eye falling out okay I dream
that might like my grown tooth falling
out and then it when I when I was out
like me like squishing it and it like
being a dream that I was being chased by
a giant potato into the bathroom and it
was calling me and then Brennan came up
from behind and sliced him into a bunch
of french fries lovin had for dinner the
long time ago but it's so remember
kiddos the West River had my best I've
ever had a bit of wolves Wolf's Wolf's
wolves wolves because um my gran and my
grandma's old house um my cousin in
Caleb were making fun of me because we
were in the woods saying oh no there's a
wolf there's hope so I ran back to the
house and then had a dream about wolves
attacking me and then one of them took
my shoe
yeah um I all got a dream that a robber
came to my house and I was in finals and
side rails and kicking and like kicking
him and then yeah and then I saved the
day
because all my parents and brothers were
somewhere I'm not sure where they were
losing
no no I'm alone and I started in
gymnastics and like like knocking him
out so I saved the day
and our house one time we had a dream
there was some stream I'm Dombey that
was very little and very nice no fight
mommy are you sure you're not just
making this up as you go
he's kidding does your zombie look look
like he he founds parents and they were
very rude to the baby oh wow they ain't
mommy can you pass me boots and blankie
and will that make your tired I feel
better now but I still got bootleggers
view look I have a horse here's a big
hearty he ain't heavy
oh my gosh she has a big horse that's
really big and she um she got it oh my
gosh this joy go keep it so my job how
much stuff can you step in your stuff
you till you step out of the nest oh I
forgot Oh
so Annie is having a sleepover with
Katie and um she have to get her your
Mac she's coming late so they're coming
here so this was a play date after
gymnastics that has now turned into a
sleepover right so they we weren't
prepared so the gym bag the very very
very important gym bag is a gym bag is
very important to a gymnast right I
don't know why you're doing that either
it's like you're playing leapfrog with
the stairs the gym bag got left in my
car so now they're on their way here to
pick it up till they can go to gym in
the morning right and we're just hanging
around in the house and daddy's teasing
the puppy and look we have ceilings yes
I did cuz today all day long I kept
hearing noise and I every time I come
out here I'm like I don't see that
they're getting a new thing done we got
lots of light once in here Oh kind of
lights in here
Oh more than our old house yeah 18 like
them yep 18 lights all the ceilings are
done in here and hopefully tomorrow they
can work on this way they are
I hope look at all their supplies
that's our pantry you're standing in a
pantry yeah mmm I mean that will be a
wall and the refrigerator is going to
sit here so that'll be a wall
refrigerator this is a pantry this will
be the door that you come in from the
garage yeah the doors are going to be
reversed because look when you open this
door he's like oh you wouldn't really be
able to get in it would be a small
opening so now the door will open the
opposite way and you'll come through
here puppies and this is going to be a
closet that shrunk a little
we had a closet here but they had to
make it smaller and the dogs are being
bad and we're waiting on Annie to get
here right oh hey young lady did you
brush your teeth yes you did
yeah good job
yeah miss Wiggly oh yeah this tooth is
loose right here what if she loses that
tooth before this new one grows in and
this new one's gonna grow in any minute
I said it's like two weeks ago it still
isn't certain I shouldn't tell anybody
you pull it out she's good at gain teeth
out huh wait maybe we should do a
question of the day with when Annie gets
here to pick her back up I would go out
in the car real quick and ask him a
question of the day I don't know let's
go find it and you can answer and then
when they pull up we'll run out there
what it was what was the one thing you
uh-huh Oh a good one go I want to wanted
wanted be wanted as a as a kid but never
got one thing you've always wanted but
you've never got okay pretty go so Oh
maybe like not my age right now
yes ever in your whole entire six years
of life so one time I don't know what
age I was like four or three and it was
my birthday and I really wanted um this
princess thing dress up princess thing
and but um yeah no one ever got me it so
I was really mad that's crazy man and
man and man nice now we wait yeah
they're here and when he's attacking Oh
Oh get out of the gutter Piper no I'm
sorry
Piper Roni shell Winnie no no Hayley
Andy get off their car all right
really quickly what is one thing that
you've always wanted when you're a kid
that you never got a shrimp only Oh
 a treble even a bone Annie laughs
Brennan catch your sneakers a real horse
a real horse you've always wanted that
all right you can have fun that
sleepover well that's it for the day
Oh Annie get mommy hugs and kisses
before she leaves
have fun I love you everything in Upper
white yeah Annie you pat her Tommy she
loves you she loves very still
hey guys you can see a baby at the pen
right I'm a guy's girl see I felt like
oh that's really bright this is not that
bright
trust me I cannot sleep in that yeah to
nap right
I look so bright that be so hard of
sleeping
I mean haze so I have lights in my room
finally really strange lights yeah but I
have lights that still matters so with
lights finally see in my room and I
don't have to use these lights anyways
um so first in the day is what was one
thing that I wanted when I was a kid
absolutely kid and I didn't get um four
matches answer truthfully every year two
years maybe even three years on a
straight straight
I've wanted to go paintball I wanted to
do go paintballing or whatever the word
is and I salami so maybe when I'm 23
I'll be able to go paintballing
paintball wait
I don't know but anyways yeah that's
fine so go today hope you guys enjoyed
the day ready okay vlog anyways calm
down look sooner that it is what is one
thing that you wanted when you're a kid
will probably also Larkin's most of you
um what is one thing that you were
wanted and you do get okay enemies in
scene
we'll see you guys
potato baked potato baby thanks for
watching Britt Ailey
