time for my tiny hey Haley what are you
doing back here
how long has it been since you've been
back here now you got all this traps in
the backyard go clean that up why would
you put that in the backyard Haley
unacceptable so look at the water hill
you want to go in there you why not do
you think this is funny
think you think it's funny come in
you're coming in right now
follow me follow the leader so today I
said you give me give you a tour of the
Bezier loop and everything so first what
we have is we have a balcony with a
Haley on it
say hi Haley then we have a twin Pauline
then we have a pitch back they have a
bit out here in a while fine
then we have a pitching thing wherever
they're I don't know if you guys can see
it because of Sun and then we have two
trees right there some trash we gotta
pick up then we got some horseshoes yeah
that's really cool then we got and I
don't know if that's called a day
no but something and yeah we got that
so pants on it and all that because
scuttle wear pants as you can see those
are pants right there yeah so that's
really good then we got jet ski and we
got chairs just facing the water then we
got that thing that got pushed in
somehow we in the water so yeah
that's what we got
got over there then I'm putting out the
trampoline but this bad thing where you
can put all your fishing stuff and then
behind that we have on alright guys see
this already but back here we have like
where the dogs can come come outside and
that's where they go potty and
everything right there oh it's really
blurry guys sorry let's make sure that's
not blurry actually looks pretty cool
when it's blurry oh yeah there we go so
as you can see I'm not going to go too
close because I don't want you guys to
see the poop because that's just gross
and yeah so I'm getting called in so
guys I gotta go
tell them what we're doing done what are
we doing why should I come why should I
do you want to tell about the surprise
we might give her a knee and how much
would you bet I know I was gonna say
what if she watches this video don't
like this video any I turn in if you're
watching this turn this on right now
until your birthday yeah we're gonna try
to hide something from you tonight find
it in the corner it's gonna be in the
car if we get it okay so here's the
thing we were just um at the mall cuz
Haley and I have her having a mommy
daughter day well Annie's at gym and the
boys are at baseball and we came across
a gigantic horse it's like as big as
Reuben
it's huge and it's on sale and I'm
thinking if we could try to buy it and
hide it from Annie until her birthday it
would make a great birthday present very
kidnap no no like tonight I can't we are
gonna have to but she might see it in
the backseat so it's a gamble that we're
gonna put it in the backseat and try to
hide it because when we go pick her up
from gymnastics she's gonna get in the
car
we'll put it in the very back and maybe
she will yeah she'll probably get in the
front if you probably won't see it and
our surprise is going to work and so
when we go back in by the car we're
going to grab it we just don't want to
carry it around the mall because our
shopping has just begun right so if we
remember we're gonna try to grab it if
no one else buys it that's kind of how I
do things like it makes me decide
whether I really want to buy something
or not if it's there I leave it and if
it's there when I come back then it was
meant to be right meant to be
all right so we're going to go in
justice because we cannot go to the mall
without making a trip to justice
and Claire's where do you want to go
first because we're passing players
right now all right we'll come back that
way
you can't write on him I think she's
gonna be surprised okay so I can't use
the thumbnail and he doesn't watch the
videos maybe like old old old videos she
watches but she hasn't watched new ones
so we should be safe
wait where'd we park oh hey when that
happens come oh yeah anyways so I just
won't use this as a thumbnail cuz then
she might see it right she is going to
be so surprised oh good point okay so
I'll just be really careful all right
let's go load him up this is a very
awkward sight well Annie gets a name him
alright so everybody's gonna know if
Annie accidentally sees him cuz she will
film her reaction she's going to be so
excited
laughing oh what a fight what is this
what if this like love of horses ends
before didn't you say that I don't she
decides it by her birthday she doesn't
really like horses anymore
give me the Star Wars oh and then I want
it I want okay good perfect giant horse
oh no giant I think I don't think she
needs an um uh thanks horsey
like a real horse he because it I'm
gonna carry it like this yeah yeah we
gotta figure how to cover it up cuz we
don't have time to go home first
think she's gonna look back here no
don't think that
alright it's gonna be a happy happy
birthday come back here ah she doesn't
ever put her bag back there um could we
keep the secret till December yeah she's
gonna find it before December but it'll
still be fun right what if we forget
we're gonna put it the attic and forget
oh my goodness okay now that we're in
the car let's get a really good look at
him can you sit him up
okay can we plan out she no rock I'll
put them in the street you might run
away you're good man
oh well you think the dogs are gonna
think that real horse eh mm I bet you
whinny barks at it unicorn can't see the
horse I think we're good
oh I can see it a little bit I can see
it's here
let's just give it to her no how about
if she sees that we give it to her but
if we can get it in back she sees the
window oh gonna be hard wonder if I have
like a blanket or something for your
backpack back there gym bag Hey nothing
work but overseers did it work I'm a
little better yeah
right now we are outside on a beautiful
day humbler hold on kind of blurry
surreal
oh and at Meade Haley are wearing
dresses white dresses really oh I
thought that was like scaring people we
have Nick knocked up days we both have
necklaces you mind of course one and
nine and cold
well there's my harris one yeah okay
it's golden and a nice and silver and
yeah Sierra VR we wanted to play
dress-up maybe just like each other it's
a beautiful day there's the water oh
yeah yeah jacket we need to give it to
Sydney why because it's Sydney I just
stuck my chair for him anyways hey we
can hope it's real quick ball sorry guys
this is really horrible
hmm can you see yourself
0:04 blue blue oh here like dripping
brenda.danny cam on the trampoline okay
it's antique am not any channel ready
what are you doing one the baby doing oh
oh oh oh hyper hyper Piper Piper Piper
Piper when okay I see you good girl
yeah yeah go girl you want the attention
yeah yeah this baby wants the attention
you're so cute you like the camera you
do is you do well okay
Haley come on let's go do any camp and
Haley here because I knew what are you
guys to get freaked out
is it like oh I'm trying to tie mine
upside shorts around it are you gonna do
any cami
oh it smells like rotten eggs what is
that what is that I don't know it smells
really bad hold on like was it directed
to oh sure Charley allergic it's like
the tree smell
hi I'm Superman I'm sewing a dress but I
have shorts on and I type that all right
I move Haley move ready
oh so you guys are gonna do gasps the
school so
first first I'm gonna do the skill and
then hailers gonna film me what I'm
actually doing so first one you can hear
two one two I know you don't have to -
hi
okay now Haley did film what I was doing
oh yeah I'm scared - three - hey that
was a back flip front flip it was my
letter back from
oh I knew that
no it's my March wrong okay I'm gonna
tear it down
oh my gosh just around my rest or is
there something else I need to do I
think I need to do something else okay
okay got it
what are you doing good clothes again
okay let's try okay I was like oh so
which is you doing so here's the first
one oh I'm filming you wait and then I
go vote for a baby's worth hey come on
hey can we hold on to go wow that was
nice yeah how many skills you had
first okay yeah okay nice
jumpy okay my turn
no no won't you feel it no curse you
bought it
okay no because I really wanted you to
think without the camera like oh ah so
close
welcome to Mihaly a closet Hailey's
closet okay which is what we're doing
right now
all right victim one up what is it okay
did you beat it like yeah I glanced at
it no I picked it with the first one I
get skill in gymnastics or favorite
pitch in baseball
so obviously Caleb gets Angela pitch
question and you guys it answer the
gymnastics skills hey why I like what
what's your favorite skill in gymnastics
oh yeah sure cartwheel for Haley you're
taking one wall hold on floor way to
split out mmm let's go yes
press answer I'll be rich I'm rich guy
Cooper yeah
what is that what is that the horsie for
you this is so we got it surprise you
yeah I show daddy and daddies like we
can't hide that I have nowhere to but
for a birthday it's like five months
guys like with all the workers I don't
have anywhere to hide it so she gets it
it's yours I can ride it I know you love
it why are you getting even cute
Nordstrom she's near face like weird
behind you like someone broke into the
house
what something I made him go film in the
closet so that I had good light to see
her baby cuz I'm gonna be you can think
about it you can comment down below yeah
calm down below whatever his name could
be so this is a two-part question the
girls answered theirs and I think I have
to answer like a boy part or something
um yeah okay
this was I I'm just kidding I can't get
it again this was suggested by dance
life for 11 so yeah and I don't know
that's Instagram or anything but go
check her out and anyways what is my
favorite pitch in fastball well to pitch
my favorite pitch would probably be a
curve ball if ever pitched the hit is
definitely a changeup I mean just bring
that sucker and I'd be like don't so I'd
be like no I'm just kidding and a nice
guy said yeah I know short with some
girl here it's on one play down so I'll
see you guys tomorrow and
have fun with Rocio night guys and yeah
gonna go to lay on my stomach
baekpa
take babe thanks for watching Britt
Ailee
so we have me really have done a play I
mean I made up the whole like play thing
and I ate up the song at the end and if
there's a dance oh yeah yeah that's bad
yeah oh and so we are so proud over here
today because that would whisper down we
thought like a chocolate River yeah
candy yeah that's the sample of the
floors we're getting no and they were it
made them think of a chocolate River I
guess yeah chocolate you guys like and I
hope we're gonna hope they're gonna land
tomorrow we get walls chocolate rivers
try remember over here is a car slash a
bed mmm for all those who need to live
in their cars
I'm gumdrop and she baby boy so I'm a
dog just saving it okay and I'm not
gonna be like you so there's my knees
you're getting some like this got it
Asset starting yeah what I said this is
the chocolate Oh chocolate River gumdrop
we have how to get hacking we're moving
to a new house whoa
Oh
want to see it see your bed can you lean
you want to go back to the hotel you
have to go
I can't
oh the dog I can talk yeah
yes
