produced in collaboration with Tiger
this year we gotta turn it up a notch we
hope you guys enjoy on school supplies
and clothes
you
we are excited to show you what's in our
backpack the first thing I have in my
backpack is a Iron Man folder and if you
open it up you see the Avenger Santa
symbol and you can put your name in it
Kranz better color rules I got this
super cute minion water bottle that top
pops open like this this is my um pencil
holder with the minions on it mmm
has a lot of it and then I have 24
colored pencils mm-hmm I got along so
two in Ana we have online also on the
back with just line up I got this
notebook and that has else on the top on
top of it and Elson Honor on the back of
it mm and then I have this minions um
bottle and let's see how much you know
your minions who Oh Bob Bob Stuart and
Kevin boom thank you target now we are
excited to go back to school
today's question of the day is a
two-parter well radio in and Richard ah
did you like today if you go to Target
and pick up any of these items make sure
to take a picture and put it on it make
sure you tag Target and Vishnu bratayley
so we can see you guys I hope you your
special passion
good luck
you
