time for me right now um going outside
and I'm just gonna do some stuff I don't
know what so I am going on the turf I
mean II don't right I'm not gonna do
this this camera pets
Tevye yeah thanks Piper you're ruing and
bring this song yum yum yum yum yum yum
Jim Jim Jim Jim Jim jump jump jump jump
jump
Kim and Kim Sun Yong good Neha someone's
ready for the pool I don't know why
she's got a jean jacket on oh you go in
swimming with a jacket on Hayley and I
decided that well really Hayley decided
that she wanted to go for a swim right
all right
you need a lifejacket my friend I'm not
losing your lifejacket today shouldn't
you start with it and take your glasses
off
and get it how you needed a lot of help
you are not prepared young lady now let
me guess when we get down to the water
I'm gonna say go jump in and you're like
no scared should I should I write that's
what you always do when we get down
there yeah so the plan is to cope take a
little dip in the river and then to go
upstairs and shower off go get some
lunch and go to gym where we're gonna
steal Annie back right it's just a
fishing lure I don't know it's called
Alaura it's just a um hope that you use
the fish with it's not real
let's scared me scared you too huh bait
I guess artificial bait I don't know I'm
not a fisherman am i right guys no it's
not real yeah one of those it looks like
someone was eating out here huh there's
food there was chicken hmm I know
there's a jean jacket on the ground who
was out here I bet I know who know this
Paula and she was watching the dogs and
Sidney I bet that's a Sidney jacket
Sidney this is your jacket um we'll give
it back
yeah we won't steal it
yeah and you can have your Luke can have
his hook back and you guys can even have
your chicken back or whatever that will
save it for you well that was very
interesting it will be even more
interesting like if I throw you in the
water
heavy jean jacket on mm-hmm so no
throwing Haley's in the water
yeah and my jean jacket off okay so
let's make that happen
no it's not put your life jacket on also
are you in
can I throw you in can I throw you in
that would be way way way way more
entertaining I love when when he climbs
up in the chair no we don't have time to
deal with wet dogs I know
oh I'm king of the world
now sitting I mean gosh
he one thing they are the cutest dogs in
the whole entire world I just know it
they're mad at us we won't let them come
out here I am filming it
all right first jump in a while
season how's it feel the cold nail still
on okay good we're really worried about
our nails a conversation Haley and I
just had she just can't involved in the
water then Zedd climbed out and said to
I'm going to do it again I said sure so
I turned around to watch she does know
with the camera so clearly she wants me
to film whatever cannonball what it
happens here you know you got for a
cannonball you got the jump and tuck
your knees up really high and then it
makes a big splash the jump really high
I know I see that
I'm gonna get sweet on your water right
here hey I think either Piper's doing
something she shouldn't be or she's just
found some really good shade she might
have been the though it may be bad what
she did it may have been smart looks
like she dug in some sand and found a
cool place delay and when he hasn't
figured it out yet let's go take a look
mom I shouldn't dig in the sand she just
found some shade what's she doing she
doing over here Oh red huh
I thought you were over you're being bad
she didn't dig in it it probably was
just cool on her belly let's test it out
yep it's nice and cool in the shade what
what it was right there she's under it
she's shorter than that she's right here
she's fine she's gonna get in no Winnie
don't drink it it's got stuff in it
don't drink no no no I look Piper's so
well-behaved doesn't think she can come
over here come on you can come come on
Piper
come on Viper you can come over here
you're allowed come on
she doesn't think she's allowed cuz we
didn't let her at first we wanted them
to kind of stay away
she's got it do the happy dog now one of
these days they're just gonna go and
don't let her drink it no there's
chemicals in their pie I mean wini wini
no the drink it you have to get down
that's one reason we didn't want them
over here yeah just waiting for the day
that she makes the lunge for it and just
jumps um what just making waiting for
the day where she just makes a leap and
jumps in we're in this hot tub what he
does every word you think it's my dream
big hot tub of drink refreshing hot tub
water cuz there's something behind you
early that we know
when I'm asking when saw the sweet
picture we know that's adorable
hi Bella hi Bella's here as you can see
in Haley's throwing water bottle fuzzy
and posing cuz the camera rolling sure
but first let's go feel how cold the
water is yeah okay so we are gonna go
feel how cold the water is as I just
said it's yep
probably be cold because it was really
cold today all I got cold today what's
cold this but it was like afraid it
wasn't like hot as a usual yeah alright
we're gonna have beginner's luck again
make a lollipop no the whole why do I
can't hit that water bottle all right
here put this in the middle of that hole
and then make it a lollipop on top make
the water bubble can you are you looking
to the hole yeah you see the little post
up there put that post in the middle of
the hole and then make a lollipop out of
the water bottle so aim and we don't
slop just slowly pull the trigger
Johnny said the sightings are off so it
shoots hi Bella want to try show her out
done Bella she's a left half no Bob do
ya okay look through that hole boys
trapeze lamppost there make a lollipop
out of the
the water bottle you know what to do
Bell yeah machine is a mistake before oh
that's cute got a little batch go get
the water bottle really the course oh
yeah I think it came in the mail you're
a real hunter you got in the duck blind
pop-up this year
that'll be a fun one yes cool gonna be
nanos issues the girls collided hey Lia
nanny is it this time filming a video
what are you doing you're all alone the
girls were shooting guns they were doing
very girly things
so you missed it and album has been able
to do this ok remember head away to the
halt hole is as small as possible put
the you can do it Ollie pop it squeeze
the trigger with the tip of your finger
or not don't slap it and we have far way
yeah
hotter you got it again
you're like a expert shooter she hit the
bottle do you want to hurt you have a
shot like you you want to try
no okay you don't have to the bottle
yeah Lincoln good job
did you get it not even close
oh we really mean it clearly I'm not as
good even on TV yeah
oh that's cool let's see these little
guys
anyone home okay let me hold it and I'll
focus on your hand really bite oldest oh
hey go to Daddy
I will see if I haven't have the
ultimate skill so you see those horse
she thinks I'm gonna try to shoot that
metal pane no huh the horseshoe that
thing you throw your horseshoe so far
away I don't even know how you're gonna
tell have you hit it or not you might be
able to hear it but you'll be able to
hear them the metal ping okay everybody
be quiet let's listen I know what are
you doing the left one huh nope that's
your right your other left
yeah I think I heard something
oh my goodness hey Lee guess what I know
you're relaxing and you're getting ready
to turn the computer off and go to bed
but I was just getting ready to go to
bed myself and come tuck you in and I
forgot we didn't do the question of the
day so I brought one oh you ready and I
Danny's already asleep and Caleb's with
Luke for camp again so Caleb hasn't
really been here all week you're
wondering why you haven't seen him Chris
you ready you won't try to read it
okay all right yeah all right ready
would you rather meet your favorite
celebrity or your favorite youtuber
before you answer let me say who asked
it this is asked by again I think we
have this same person at bratayley dot
my dot BAE
okay so your favorite youtuber or your
favorite celebrity what is this look
celebrity well a youtuber could be a
celebrity but we're gonna go with what I
think they mean they mean so somebody on
YouTube that you watch all the time or
celebrity like somebody who's in movies
and TV shows a favorite youtuber I know
who you were doing to me when the Hat
category let's say huh oh not ro I was
gonna say let's say it on three now is
gonna say ROH alright so tell me no just
tell everybody tell the world who would
youtuber you'd want to meet Kailyn
Kailyn from sevensupergirls that's so
fun cuz you've already met Jenna right
yeah we like Jenna do we want to meet
Kailyn now I thought you would for sure
say ro
no but Kalin's pretty cool too I like
her
okay wrap it up Haley third day in a row
where it's just been you down below cuz
we want to know the question of the day
is would you bother me a celebrity or
youtuber yes you've done good bye see
you tomorrow guys Haley's a pro with
this good night that's gonna talk Haley
and you guys can tuck Haley in with me
so what we do is we turn off the
computer I take her computer away she
was watching videos and we throw the
covers on her and we say our prayer I
was in that prayer
dear Heavenly Father what are you gonna
pray for tonight
mmm thank you for our food nourishes our
body great protect all of our friends
and all of our family in Jesus name we
pray amen and then we give her a big ol
kiss come say goodnight sleep tight
don't let the bedbugs bite
thanks for watching
Brit Ailee
