today happy fourth of July
Jaden huh
feel about eating your first cup of
coffee my first cup of drinking your
first half I have had coffee before you
if you just have made that admit it this
is my first coffee that I've made I know
this is what we got I'm about to do Wow
this is a great great lighting and I
look great Hey
so I can do X cool I'm still doing
school and after I've done my school
well halfway done with school we're
gonna go work out and I'm gonna do more
school but oh yeah Jaden still here and
then she got me this candle not sure why
but she got for me he smells so good hey
okay you can stop
we are about to go work out we're going
to view her dance thingy Miller's you're
okay
what do you mean I like you do yours out
of mine all right so I'm doing my
workout and she's gonna do hers and yeah
we're you know they were like five
people okay when we got it so go back up
to the room
you got choreograph a dance somebody
move tool yeah I'm actually I might do
home we're gonna do our graph all right
guys so done at school mmm here so
doesn't school finally clean the room we
clean the bathroom clean stuff oh I
better clean my makeup actually so it's
at our chicken my head hurt to play uno
that was the longest game up uno ever
like 15 minutes look at that we have
skinny hop enamel wafer we hand granola
bars see Rio Grande pickers pretzels
fiber one granola bars lemon bar we have
food and we have bread and we have that
stuff and that and oh and mine and then
we get a pop someone comes over to
someone's house I would have never known
not you're not saying about Jaden saying
until next time we'll see you next time
Jaden yes we will
oh yeah oh wait a wittle wittle we're
making fun of Annie and her baby time so
we are going well she's gonna make slime
I'm gonna draw I'm not sure where I'm
going
not sure what we should call this like
sister balling okay those two what well
we're calling the segment sister bonding
is it nice to those to whom okay so I'm
gonna do like a time-lapse of me drawing
I'm not sure what I'm going to do okay I
think I'm gonna do this one hit me hard
I'm not very good drawing then I'm gonna
put my phone okay perfect
you know I will start drawing
Wow
I don't know I do it it's just terrible
but there's my attempt you just come two
more and you'll be back I'm not gonna be
making your sign now okay it's bad it's
bad okay so first of all I needed more
borax and then I pour it in too much so
I'm really good at making slime as you
can see it's really just one piece too
lumpy way too lumpy
making more lumps into it it's not no
because it's gonna get a piece and kind
of make it work all that aside and make
this work make it work okay
it's very clumpy very comfy I mean it
doesn't very like stick and that's a
good time but sistex it's like it's
weird hmmm just gonna looks better on
camera but it doesn't look good
I mean if no why can't stretch it it's
not good it's not very good you forgot a
bunch in there I know but I'm making
this piece a little bear little so it's
not a sticky sticky I know but it was
sticky very sticky okay so we're gonna
get more from the pieces out of the
pieces I just said that and again we're
gonna get the whole thing out okay
done with that it's okay it's okay it's
okay
this is my fun it's very not stretchy
and you couldn't just rip it we can do
this okay okay take this to the next
level leave this me your slide thing we
need we definitely needed the borax
nothing about this is working it's just
a bubble oh my god okay that was a lot
oh I forgot about this
I know I have to say this again I did
fifty more borax oh my gosh anyway no
like seriously it's like not very you
know yes this might not be a feel some
might don't be a fail oh cool that's
really good
you should put some snow in it wait
that's a good idea
wait that's a good idea wait that's a
good but how would it black do we need
another couple of oh no no we're not
doing this today no we didn't come here
to fail
I'm for the water Joe that you for
instance no but it's like there we go oh
now we're gonna add the tiniest tiniest
tiniest little bit oh it looks like nice
oh I like it it's kind of like an icy
it's a good slime it's about time I've
ever made that's a good point
poor borax in it it looks like I'm
pouring like a food coloring you know
into like a Brasi
you ever done that big ready are you
ready
looks like I'm pouring like whoa and he
filled us this is the what don't don't
I really like it
slime Oh what's the goo good not good
hello people of the world
my name is Hayley no problem today I'm
just gonna be involving you fine - well
it's mixed well know how our friendship
is so well I mixed them because it's
cool - oh it makes you too much or might
turn a different color but right now
it's really pretty it is very smooth day
Christmassy and it started it was red it
looks right on camera but it's very
Brown off camera it doesn't really look
red off camera but it looks pretty good
you know I give my and Rebecca a thumbs
up for doing this you know what it's
happening it's happening you know what
I'm gonna do no I don't want everyone
knows what I'm about to do
Nixie little that's gonna be a good
consistent oh good
sticky it's very sticky but weird it's
weird it's like runny and thick I'm
gonna very nice I like it it's very very
summer Knothole why do I keep saying
summer it's very wintery a very bright
blue into it I mean baby blue very very
like not runny like it's a weird it's
just very stretchy it feels like snow
and like clouds and like everything in
like perfect how can you explain oh
there goes you see how it's like webby
you know you know you know go we're
gonna do like one of those little slime
video right now are you ready oh this is
much cleaner stop whoa this is like
mixing that like modeling play with the
slime it's smooth and it's like
there you can see a little different
color it's just so nice take a moment
see everything I have to clean up
everything I have to clean up like and
here is my sign now it's turned out to
be a huge fit making its it was made it
horrible though oh it's like stuck oh my
goodness oh my goodness oh my goodness
oh that's a great angle okay here we go
mm I got it but it was not coming out it
does not want to come out how is this
even possible like this is the worst
film I've ever made okay it looks good I
don't know what's done to it it's
horrible it feels what now you never
ever think you need more more acts when
it's perfectly fine because I put on am
I supposed to fix it get your bowl here
you bought this
should make it a little better if I said
it makes it like oh I'm trying to make
slime better okay okay okay so I print
the whole body bottle into that and it's
working
it's actually important very weird it
it's stretching just yet fail it's mail
time
you as a cop yeah
come into Hayley's room huh and I see my
dorito bag open and they're probably
stale now bro bro what you guys want
through the lights it's very scary oh my
goodness anyway yeah you can't see him
why they not working oh wait I don't
like it
daddy why aren't the lights working
daddy why aren't the lights working
yeah sorry put on so we're a little
battery so hopefully this doesn't die so
watch your favorite flower is squishing
today mine is a rose
what's your rose so we both have a rose
so really this is so fast but like the
battery's like blinking at me
don't freak envelopes win another
question the day is what is your
favorite flower love you so much
and by bonus footage so while I'm
transferring footage literally um to
edit can you see that on my face the
brightness we decided that we wanted to
watch a movie so we're all snuggled up
daddy's watching football out there and
all us what kita am we're in here
snuggled up in my bed and we're about to
watch a movie but they're on their
phones while they're waiting for me to
get this footage onto the computer to
edit I'm not editing don't start
wondering you're still wearing the tag
to your cute little onesy but we just
wanted some bonus footage showing how
cute we are snuggled in the bed away
that sounded like really how cute they
are
cuz that's weird if I say like we're
cute I don't want to be vain okay anyway
he's enough of that we're gonna watch a
movie and probably fall asleep and I
guess daddy's sleeping out on the couch
because there's not much room in this
tiny bed haha hurry charlie he'd
probably rather that watch football till
he falls asleep okay so now for a real
good night Annie and her onesie with her
blankie and Haley not paying attention
good night for real
always remember to celebrate baby
thanks for watching
Britt Ailey
