time for my daily by not recording we
just found out the people are then
people think John is making fun of them
he's in his costume again John he's in
the other car right now but better not
go to the GOP thing we're debating on
whether he should or not he brought a
change of clothes so we're gonna
interview some maybach GOP candidate to
really we're not the only crazy ones
with GoPros so anyway there were oh by
me so we're gonna be interviewing some
GOP candidates tonight and the big
debate is whether John should wear I
think you should his colonial uniform
not a costume or not I mean tomorrow
what we're leaving really early tomorrow
morning
our flight leaves at 6:45 then what are
we going to New Hampshire today Annie
how far is it first the Freedom Trail
where we're gonna learn about Debbie
Debra Debbie I call her I call her Deb
we go way back yeah me and Debbie um
Deborah Sampson I believe I was just
told that she cut her hair famous she
went to war you think so let's go find
out she's a villain she's a villain
she's a spy you're wrong okay now you
don't have to go into
yeah I go you're not going to war
doesn't hate Lee Halen you know you're
acting like a tootsie roll
okay on that note we will see you guys
later on the Freedom Trail
we're a parking garage she was singing a
driving slowly hit right coming so I
said all right driving stuff
Oh Bam Bam din to each other
who know that the Freedom Trail was in a
garage
was he very freaky okay Caleb he's doing
my thunder you're funny
keep kiss it better Caleb yeah kiss it
better
he won't let me hug it out
okay stop hurt suck camera mom she's
gonna fight that was funny it was like
the first or second video second video
like better third video maybe wasn't
something he released
nah she panicked she's like mommy let me
stop the camera and I don't know if I
kept rolling I guess I did did I stop
the camera yeah and then you went to
like another screen saying and maybe
stop the camera for an ant bite is she
been an ant yes dad she decided dad's a
very homey versus for your blood tests
to be in all your organs have a gosh I
could be my to be a little violent no
geez we must work my roses don't listen
to Caleb years I know what he's talking
about
hey let's go trail some freedom no she
isn't free we may never catch me by I'll
give you a piece of gum it's out on this
epic footage of my children in George
Washington dance just to calisthenics in
the morning does a brief warmup
and I think we need one of you all
jumping off together because that might
make a really good thumbnail yeah maybe
that one two three
what's the win you're just jumping off
and doing a great pose can do whatever
pose you want no together we and then
you can do a waterfall oh oh yeah
nice pool that was fun it's not even
9:00 a.m. you guys it warmed up come
over here
Spencer you know it's called the John
Hancock okay Farrell
maybe your bestest I need face ten like
you're psychic newspaper big swoops
Annie look dandy not Doodle Dandy
we're at the gravesite of the great John
Hancock and mr. George Washington
himself is showing us how to do the John
Hancock hash tag John Hancock pants all
right I'm gonna film you guys doing it
getting close for Instagram so yeah
we're gonna go eat lunch in this
Chipotle right that's very historic
Chipotle you're watching I forgot what
this building once was I've heard it
twice
something authors published no it was a
publishing house for like the Harry
Potter books the Harry Potter books were
published here Edgar Allen Poe for real
was published here we're going to eat a
jabo play
oh it is cold just saying okay we're on
our way back to the car and he's doing
his Dan John Hancock I'm gonna join him
out there John Hancock the new craze
does it so we had to stop and stroll in
this I don't even know what you would
call this this water
oh they've got all the people joining in
the John Hancock it's gonna be a craze I
tell you everyone's gonna be doing it
Annie I think he's a pirate that's cute
they found a pirate find that effective
you should you should disrespectful it
really is those kids these days all
you're trying to do is a John Hancock a
handstand I don't think that's a great
idea your hair your shirt they're all
gonna get wet your hair will definitely
get wet
all right onward I just was going to
turn the camera on because I heard some
cute conversation of course as soon as I
turn it on a night game will we're
adding on to a game it'll be speed air
we're on a road trip to New Hampshire
from Boston right now and the kids are
quietly playing in the back but then
Haley just said I need you sing flyer oh
no yeah you gotta happen nope looking
and it has to be actually with sticks
hey guys can I inform you of something
tonight
there could be an interview with Carly
Fiorina do you know who she is she's
running for president she's a candidate
exactly that's she trying to get a good
look
see any people GOP candidate right how
would you like to have a lot of you hair
Ronnie might get a topper later yes slow
and psycho interview I'm billing
come on the question okay no wait I'm
too close to mom ugh yeah I can hear it
Fox 44 breaking news
NBC News is here as we march down the
road we are going to try to interview
Carly Fiorina five Haley you did it your
hands are wet we just got done yeah
we're gonna what we just do who do we
interview what was her name come on it's
very important to know her name
she could be making history you're fired
you're fired you're a car car Carly I'm
Carly
fire feel-feel airfield Theo Theo Lena
Lena Lena
valina remember that name I don't go to
anymore since you put me on the spot
cancelled out all the desert we made him
dance we just interviewed Carly
yeah and who's Carly Fiorina Fiorina I
knew that and she could be possibly the
first female president how do you feel
awesome okay we find ourselves at the
insides back guys we're at the inside
scoop we took my line but I just took my
mom's on all right and because I'll take
it anyways so we are waiting for it I
thought through the crew um that was not
them have an awesome and so right now
that might be them we're gonna get some
ice cream for dinner we're getting ice
cream for dinner and then we're gonna be
on like in Howard rah and we're gonna
Rob this ice cream place because we just
said is ah so
back to the hotels an hour from here
we're leaving New Hampshire back to
Boston anyway so here's the problem
here's the wire head there's a there's a
story behind why we're having ice cream
for dinner Haley because Haley was
promised ice cream this whole weekend
ten times and we've gotten to the point
where we have to get her ice cream guys
a promise right it's dinner time
it's dinner time so we're gonna have
some ice cream for dinner we're gonna
drive back to the hotel and then we're
gonna do room service if it's closed
then I apologize no we did have ice
cream we did have ice cream at the at
Sturbridge but then John G promised her
ice cream if she do
Yankee Doodle on the horse I promise all
of us I hear you Yankee Doodle on a
horse I guess we're gonna have to go
back and reenact that well let's go get
some ice creams with reproach
and finish him off with the scoop
sounded like it could have not felt back
was off like a scoop to the I prepared
either fleshy scales - good good yeah
only just got some ice cream for me but
now I'm great me mate
mr. David my day has been pretty good
where's this some lemonade nope felt
lemonade it has lemonade tastes like
lemonade is 75% lemonade oh I don't want
the other 25% so we just had a long but
fun and educational weekend and it was
so much fun I already said Beck's I said
it was wrong and fun and educational but
it was so much fun can't wait for the
next one
and um it's pretty not really late but
pretty late because we have a flight to
catch tomorrow early in the morning and
um so we're just gonna do a question
today right now Caleb's in the shower
it's why she's not here and the question
today I thought of would you rather have
healthy beautiful like boy cut hair like
if you were a girl and I'll tell you if
you're a boy okay so would you rather
have boy cut hair um that's really
healthy but really short or would you
rather have like dirty like damn like
unhealthy I'd be like all of those dead
ends but down to here really really
really long I like long okay so you'd
say what oh um healthy boy hair okay
I'm not sure I think I'll have a half
boy how about you mommy
no seeder oh honey
so for a boy what were you gonna ask us
wicked smaht oh yeah I wanted to say
show these we're in Boston this this
pillow so Bostonian wicked smaht
why did I say would you that's just
there like you seen term like for a
super oh really really really smart
wicked smaht say y'all the boys would
you like a hat like your kind of hair
but like really really dirty and half
weight like not and
would you rather have gorgeous um girl
hair that goes down to here he got to
leave like clean my hair nope
voice I don't really care about dirty
years so you're gonna go with your dirty
boy hair
wha okay so as Annie said we had a long
weekend like yeah you didn't say oh I'd
rather have boy hair really cuz if I
could like pin it I could pin it up and
have gorgeous boy hair or really nasty
along hair alright so we're gonna say
goodbye we can't we don't know exactly
when these episodes are gonna come out I
think later this fall but we're really
excited we don't know where what colony
we're going to next but we're going home
next that's the next step
huzzah there was lots of huzzah that
means what does huzzah mean oh you are
Rob yup it means you're you earn
agreement with something when somebody
says something that you agree with you
say huzzah
yeah and what happens when you don't
like something somebody got that one
that man
Oh blue so that's it say goodbye Liza
see you tomorrow
I think it should because odds and advil
oops cuz I we're changing it is that I
think she cos Ã¸z
no as you be filled no they should be
called his odds
I think they should comment down below
come on they're like Sheila's oh yeah I
ever had to tell you that you go cos Ã¸x
my man doing thing okay doing all three
of them love that's all I have question
of the day or can you think of a better
name
there are no bigger names all right guys
goodbye tomorrow
hey babe
thanks for watching Britt Ailey
