I'll know sound effects I thought it
might sound a bedroll pretty good no
let's not go up the ladder this is crazy
somebody's job was to climb up there are
you
well that wasn't their job but to climb
up there and tear down all the old trim
and they've started the new trim whoa
look at that big ol ladder and it's
contraption so that they can stand up
here safely made it
Wow such a climber so anyway um right
now in an hour right now in an hour
good carry on I don't know about this
you did know about that we're apparently
going on a plane in an hour another one
I thought was tomorrow but worried
anyone planning an hour to go divorce
and a Stooges and but the juggler for
NASA NASA no Massa Massa two sets deuces
no that's all daddies other mmm-hmm
Massachusetts its Massachusetts well I
mean that's the way I say it I guess
everybody says things differently and
yeah X FedEx it here bring me my package
of stuff
candy yeah where's the kitty Amy so we
are going to be going they're not gonna
try to say it again because mommy's
really rude and we're also gonna go to
New Hampshire on an epic field trip and
like it we said are you gonna be doing a
lot of stuff you didn't say that yeah I
would say that yeah we're gonna be doing
a lot of stuff so what this field trip
is gonna be about it's gonna be about us
exploring 13 Zipporah 13 colonies which
I guess we could just say 15 colonies
because that's them you know they're
usually first ones you don't ever say
New England um and so um and we're
starting with you looking a window maybe
so yeah we're starting with Boston
Massachusetts and New Hampshire
so as cam said we're starting with those
two and then for the next couple
weekends not every weekend we'll be
exploring some other ones so he's gonna
be Georgia we're gonna do them all I
think South Carolina you trying to name
them all no I don't know if I'm naming
Allah just yes
so our vlogs are gonna be all like you
know behind the scenes and such and like
that and then in a few months a couple
weeks couple months maybe a few months
maybe a couple months yeah I don't know
small in 13 colonies every week until
it's at least serving yeah and then I
gotta edit it you're right so a couple
months come on long okay thinking more
than a couple that's only two all right
a few months let's go with that okay and
so in a few months it'll be all like
professional and everything and you'll
be all wrapped up into this cute little
package oh sure anyways I don't mess
anything up yeah let's not mess anything
up hey Caleb focus right bring it back
bring it back to the topic at hand which
is fine Piper what's his line what's
he's going to say yeah our director so
uh what's on the line bud well you see
my family's gonna leave me where's
what'd she do she had a bunch of her
hair
oh crap for ya keep an eye out for those
because there will be 13 episodes out
from two sources that's 13
yep okay so that'll be 13 episodes of
this little mini series of what I didn't
call it so yeah look at that our epic
field trip a field trip and back
epicness and so yeah I have to go get on
plane an hour okay guys this is the
latest we've ever gotten to the airport
for a flight round and round and round
we go everybody's getting dizzy so we
are going to fly to this Airport another
bunny Mike Emily hurry urgh good and
slow it down
no Haley we have to go unless you feel
like walking you want to walk to Boston
go up one more level yeah if you walk to
Boston how can you pack you can have it
but security is moving pretty fast we'll
cruise them we have 30 minutes until
boarding right 30 minutes until boarding
I think we're going to
I think we're gonna make it guys Boston
here we come
you ready for us I don't think Boston's
ready for us oh I don't think really
good flying ready we made that was a
placement anything fall that you have
your grace and Haley are safely seated
we're gonna have some foreign person sit
next hopefully they're fun you think
they're gonna be fun our stranger don't
book Bob we got a letter stranger I know
they're gonna make a new friend today in
front of you New York 20 minutes you'll
be living there since 88 degrees unless
one three one two different
it's good advice
hey Annie welcome to Boston you're
welcome not 9 Boston people just always
have like oh cool um so I just realized
that all five of us have never really
been to gossip daddy and I have passed
through you and Aniyah pass through and
Haley's ever even passed through this is
gonna be a fun adventure for all of us
we get to explore Boston
I'm not gonna explain boss all right
let's go
it's kidding guys we got an adventure
ahead of us I hope so I hope it's an
adventure
hey it's Phillips seafood it's all the
philip saying all the Philips are
probably in there where are you Philips
yeah that don't seafood you see it up
there all the Philips are in there we
should agree we should have done our
meeting green up Phillips hey Philip
Philips aren't saying hi to you Annie
Philip should be worried
and down we go Danny's on the edge ready
Freddie
look it says welcome to Boston
they should do a handstand Annie should
do a handstand Hanson
bend your legs more good okay good yay
we use your grandma man I was kidding
yes of course
get the ask we have arrived safe and
sound do the honors
things have to do that all right trying
I'm trying
that's not wrong how hard it is to do
all this and film oh hey look I'm gonna
be just a raid groom guys we're in the
middle of nowhere wouldn't say the
middle of nowhere but there's a cute
little couch Hotel reactions I don't
hear the cheering but it's a loud
cheering bra Haley all right let's go
check out the other room it's gonna be
the same that's a little different I
think there's two beds in the other room
hmm
Simmi how we gonna sleep girls and boys
this is the girls room over here it's
cold yeah I think this is the girls room
don't you a whiny pants has an opinion
we're gonna go to dinner and then we're
gonna come to bed cold cold much oh
she's mad cuz we're dragging her to
dinner
oh oh that's Oh could you have a sleep
with me in the girls room and you need
to be hit by your daddy she's a daddy's
girl guys you getting some shotgun
coverage yeah hey up there
we're going to dinner look who called
shotgun and it actually worked
nailed it what his wife
look in the back I've never wanted in
the back can you sit back though and
buckle up buckle up for safety
we're going to bend in a little hungry
the gang's all here we came all like
love them all the way to Boston ease out
by this our faith we love out here Wow
oh you're doing video with that yeah
sweet I got a new camera yeah
oh you can see em though it's good for
vlogging hey those like a hot little
numb come on get to walking Kayla's
gonna get you Kayla's gonna take over we
don't walk on our hands in this family
yeah that's what I mean we are doing we
are well tomorrow you're going to be
wearing some costumes and now you're
going to like the old cotton W going to
wear throughout the day tomorrow and you
haven't seen them right so surprise
surprise watch get ready 1 2 3
no no no growl did you use a growl
she just growl I think that was a growl
tuck and roll
I go on one each and then we're settling
down wait I can own it you said that um
Oh got nasty on me what are we calling
this the wrecking ball don't scream
double numbers yeah all the way yeah
outside there yeah
a little heavier enemy the human long
toss
don't knock her through the wall we're
gonna totally get kicked out I can feel
it me
hashtag Forte Lee makes history and gets
kicked out of the hotel ignite one wants
no warrants oh no watch out I believe it
in your mouth
I'll go Demon Lord toss Danny screaming
Hayley you're gonna die but I'm gonna
toss it to you you got to catch it in
midair
Hayley you got one chance
Hayley has anyone ever told you that you
look like a pioneer girl try one reach
all three toss what is it a loss we toss
I try to all right show us show us the
costume reveal it you're a pioneer girl
we're gonna learn who's ready for Betsy
Ross do you know who Betsy Ross's no but
it's pretty easy to go and last but not
least the moment we've all been waiting
for
they gotta win mr. Paul Revere hi you
didn't see
that's all oh wait there's a part two
Paul Revere you're gonna have to read
I've given not me Paul Revere without a
suite wait I can't wait to see these
they're so cool hey guys so it's time to
go to sleep and um here are costumes I'm
so excited because he said that we could
go on breakfast and speaking about
costumes the question today is going to
be what's your favorite Halloween
costume you wore hmm Dorothy the one I
think that mine was like like I was like
a bridesmaid oh yeah yeah you were in a
rage yard drive yeah and you you were
tall the same year that was the same
that was funny yeah and you've got like
makeup in case you're wondering what
we're doing here is we are going to have
the ultimate field trip it's the start
of an ultimate field trip and we are
starting in Massachusetts we're going to
be visiting the 13 colonies and we're
starting Massachusetts you guys get to
follow us around and see the behind the
scenes on that this camera vlog and then
you have to stay tuned to see all of our
footage which is coming soon yeah it's
gonna be kind of epic because like
there's a film crew doing it and they're
going to just put it all together yeah
they're really nice are awesome
and they're going to edit it all
together and film it and follow us along
on this really cool adventure and the
videos will be out on
channel later I don't know in but it's
gonna be awesome okay okay so we gotta
say goodnight cuz it's late don't forget
to comment down below if you wanna know
the question of the day is what's your
favorite Halloween costume bye see you
tomorrow yeah late let's go to bed good
night babe thanks for watching
Britt Ailey
