good morning guys we are at the old
house the movers are here let's go check
out Annie's room we've been warned
Annie's all Annie's big furniture is
gone going to storage hey you want to
see the paint stain it does look smaller
see how bad it is done to the done yeah
those are pokey are you okay where is it
hey there it is oh it's beautiful just
how I remember it anymore
well the carpet is definitely getting
replaced in this house
yeah today we're just hanging out now
trying to keep going
I'm keep packing I know I woke the Furby
up when I got him off the shelf and he
kept talking and talking the whole time
I was packing up some of the stuff in
here just kidding heee
why me all right you're gonna hang out I
gotta go pack some more stuff up okay
okay okay good talk hey a good top this
gives me this like seems me to
everything out get some back movies
back memories are bad memories back
memories like past memories yeah just
memories memories are usually in the
past I know you know I had new cards
well we didn't quite get everything out
this round but there's still time
hey lead hurt herself just getting tight
she's just playing around on crutches
what do you need you need me let's go
take a little room he's my little tour
look at this and only a mess remains
shows how messy Caleb room is or was
tisk tisk tisk okay so we are playing
concentration right now I do I get in
it's really fun so we're doing movies
and like sometimes you can't even think
about it for like if you have today it's
fine we're treatment is retaining
because it's just fun to think of things
out of that category is moving hailey
first then made the mummy home it's
perfect it's perfect to solve our top
things
MARY POPPINS Spica lovely Sound of Music
Top Gun who knows that it what that is I
got like real Finding Nemo beauty the
nice Pinocchio
Cinderella new new new new lawn thing
it's so funny that like seriously you
just draw a blank when it's your turn
like there are so many movies this game
is so hard let's do the stores Hayley's
first and meet and mommy concentrate
okay we're not doing that category this
category is stores
listen please giant target okay yeah
it's cold I don't know is my turn
sorry I already said that but series
seven wait wait let's think of one how
about food stores
uh it can be giant or Safeway or stuff
like that or public or like pizza right
she be okay stuff like that Jimmy John's
Papa John's debater
Little Caesars actually see this no you
said Pizza Pizza
Caesars Red Lobster
so we're doing rush pop like president's
on the board now you never make me home
keep her away
the Hyatt anyways don't forget to go in
my damn below question Ellen returning
the question of the day is don't have to
wait come on join our picnic it's time
for dinner
we have no kitchen like you guys saw and
so that means an early no kitchen table
so we're having a picnic in mommy and
daddy's room at chick-fil-a picnic
matching pajamas all right it's a knees
in there I didn't know who know she was
in there that whole time we're gonna
have a picnic come eat a one big happy
family picnic this is the best kind
what's wrong
you just like to make noises so I
figured this would be a good time to do
a question of day and let's do high-low
since we're all gathered around the
dinner table gather round gather round
I know I said it on purpose so high-low
I'll give you guys the point two seconds
to Haley you're gonna not dump all that
fruit out dude
anyway 0.2 seconds to think of her
high-low go don't everybody answer at
once
but my thumb yeah really early yeah
right that was Milo is that my high was
that I've slept for five hours just now
was it five she did she came home from
the gym and she laid down and she slept
and now guess what now you're not gonna
go to bed tonight and the whole cycle
starts all over again
wonderful okay bub just me
yep hmm my ID is that it got my bed yeah
I forgot about that you have to go show
your room Milo there's a weird I go to
the old house and be there for 80 hours
okay so we won't say goodbye yes well we
might in case Caleb forgets to go
downstairs and show you his room what's
that who's on the 20 all right Caleb yes
don't fail on your job your one and only
job is to go and show them your bed
right right
if you guys don't see us bed I will
leave all this in and you guys won't be
like boo
Caleb cuz if it is just gonna end but if
he does go show you his bed you'll be
like yay Caleb listened to his mom for
once
okay this was you can see it is pretty
good but my bed is here finally and
everything so that's awesome and well I
just wanted to show you my so now let's
go in to the question of the day which I
already ant you know that um which is
hi-low so remember to comment down below
because we know question the day is what
is your not what is your what it hi-low
I'm not really listening myself right
now guys I'm like saying different
things anyways I'll see you guys
thanks for watching
Britt Haley
