time for my daily Annie it's gonna be
one of those days Annie I can feel it
now let me explain what just happened to
everybody while you eat first of all we
just woke up like an hour ago
we're still on la time we are not
adjusted and we've come straight to
chick-fil-a because we don't have a
kitchen and we're going to gymnastics
and yada yada yada but the more
important bad part is in a rush Annie
started filming about what we were doing
today and she's like oh we're out of
space on the memory card so I took the
camera from her and I quickly started
deleting and not like I've never done
this before
but I got into a rush and I deleted
footage from last night question of the
day
with Sydney and Luke what's wrong Annie
Oh tummy hurts I'm sowwy question of the
day from the new jar somebody at the
meet-and-greet gave us a question of the
day jar was full of brand-new questions
because we they knew we ran out and we
filmed that last night Sydney and Luke
were over it was so cute and I got into
a hurry and that's a life lesson what
she was saying was first day back to gym
after like eight days oh yeah
okay what was he saying hmm she's a
little nervous cuz she hasn't been a gem
in a while and we think she has chin
splints daddy is pretty sure remember
yesterday she was complaining about her
shins hurting yeah so we were falling
apart when we stopped at chick-fil-a to
get some lunch
bla bla bla because we don't a kitchen
oh I am so mad at myself right now
we'll use the jargon tonight hopefully
if not so those person bees we could
answer those questions again we should
shout out to the girls who made the jar
was really cute we'll show it I promise
I deleted it ugh I'm so angry at myself
at least where there's a bridge with
them yeah you guys have to just wait a
little longer to see this cool jar
Haley's thinking of the pros the
positive parts although I don't think
those really love coffee dah alright
well we'll see how Jim goes they both
have Jim back at it right back at night
right all right we'll see you guys later
that's wrong misfit that I were what's
what's going on we have to clean we have
to clean the house cuz we're at the old
house my head really hurts anyway
well I just got done with gymnastics and
um oh yeah it was a very good gymnastics
a better than I thought and now we're at
the old house cleaning it out not like
what to think the way that we want I'm
why would you do that I think that we
done drying things I don't know anything
so if you don't want it's like I don't
like this three things away I don't want
and keep um making piles that we do want
cuz we got movers coming tomorrow and
they're gonna take it to storage
because it's gonna be a while for the
house is ready and we decided that we
need to get out of this house
nothing what are you saying that what
we're doing like we always do we tell it
to the camera what are you doing we're
cleaning this house up my head and he's
throwing away all the things that she
wants she just informed us but what are
you doing my best coming wrong Mikael is
excited because his beds being moved to
the house ah he's live in the world
why's it blue let's see if it gets
better when I turn the plate up yeah
much better
so here's my room so far yeah like I
have a trash bag which is right there
and it has stuff like a lot of things in
there and then those are the books that
I'm not keeping but probably not
throwing them away and this is the stuff
that I am keeping I have like books a
lot of books I have like a one stuffed
animal I have this Bahama
Bahama guitar thing
anyways and then here's my bed that's
soon-to-be Haley's bed and some stuffed
animals that I'm gonna keep trophies
I'm cleaning off that right now going
through the dress-up pile aisle dress-up
toy box so much fun who's having fun
yeah you're the only one yeah so you
guys here's what's going on we're
cleaning out this toy box whatever we're
we want to keep is going in one pile
whatever we want to donate is going in
another pile that is so cute and so on
and so forth and if it's ruined or
broken or ripped it goes in the trash
pile yeah where's the flag okay so
that's what's kind of going on here
we've got a little system we're taking
it all out and sorting it from there and
Annie seeing all kinds of bugs even the
ones in her imagination the bugs and her
imagination are real yeah that was his
glove his first first baseman's mitt
okay everywhere bad thing we found it
check it for bugs before you put your
hand in there
is there a bug on that bill fever um oh
no Stephanie
Billy she's crying and you're Oh what
you why
got that from you excuse me I'm not
scared about wall bugs are nasty they're
bugs I'm messing with a scary yeah they
are our owners are so dead dead all dead
bugs are gross and very hairy though
yes very are not interchangeable yeah
sometimes they are well now guess what
Billy
you get to play dress-up Oh okay I'm
gonna teach you Han sir while going up a
wave some want me money I'm going to
teach how properly sir I know it's game
for mandela's are for
hey mama so now this is not the greatest
so poor in the world because it's really
wobbly so how you're gonna try not to
make a wobbly and get perfect balance if
you're going to want to push yourself or
on an incline and so and then what
you're not wanted to is you're going to
want to walk up your surfboard to make
sure you know exactly how much that it
has so here we go watch me so what you
want to do is you want to start with
your left foot cause if you start with
your right foot you are more likely to
fall okay here we go everybody
I'm I'm not very good this is my first
strike so then we're a beginner is not
like me though you can put your hands on
the surfboard
to make sure that you can get up okay
here we go
now now I'm just going to show you that
you can put your hands on the board okay
here we go so look now you can just put
your hand up okay okay this sort of form
is very very very very walk point so
we're gonna have to have really good
balance for this to work and you can see
not up no problem
now we're going to do is we are going to
get on our skateboards so more finally
snorts okay so it looks like we are
going up the wave starting okay here we
go everybody so we're going to get on
and then you're going to be on for like
five minutes just getting your balance
and everything now as you guys can see
I'm very good at this not wobbling at
all so just gonna put your hands out act
like you're actually ski surfboarding up
up away and I like this whoa okay
everybody know this is the last thing
that I'm going to thank goodness so now
it's like you're going get away so what
you don't want to do is you are going to
want to drop all your weight downwards
and then and then just hang on for dear
life
hang ten
item spit come hang out there whoa now
what you're going to want to do is
you're going to want to go unlike
Superman pose so because that you're my
back wall here like silly but it's okay
you guys and see that hey guys can you
edit that out
thank you okay so much girl had to do so
go into what put your hands just like
this like a Superman thing and then of
course like way down what this is going
to do is because you're making fly if
you ever fall down you have the ability
to fly so peso I'm not really falling
it's going to show you that you can fly
so good guys I'm not really following
but okay here we go
this is a hundred percent thanks mommy
you can go play outside okay here we go
everybody
so that's so do this and then watch
perfectly because if you do not do
exactly what I say then you are more
likely to hit the ground and definitely
not die but okay here we go
is the waters hard and you didn't know
the water is hard okay here we go
okay five more
and scene Yesi whoa uh three minutes
four minutes of time that we could have
been packing up and throwing things
clean well we kind of hacking take like
my voice honestly like ain't like my
voice I like your voice yeah okay
back to work Oh me yeah all right now
way behind you say goodbye Caleb hey I
see right now my shins hurt my hip hurts
and falling apart and as my mom's
pumping her head hurt
Oh countess unfavorite today's as my mom
said she deleted yesterday's question
today today because she was going too
fast to scare that we we're gonna be
able to film so I did I just deleted it
we're going to do he I've I've deleted
before a long long long time ago I've
made that mistake I haven't done that
I've not deleted footage accidentally in
a long time I have a system I got into a
rush today and I deleted it but anyways
we are going to do the same question
today as yesterday and we said this um
yesterday I always showed this but this
is what got you later so this is what I
thought we did but we said this is the
like one of the coolest things out but
things up you guys to meet me it's a
question of the day jar it'sit's here
says potato a question of the day
that's of and then it says hey hey hey
what'd he say it's time for the question
full full of tons of questions and I
can't wait to read them we're gonna be
well we did too last night
I deleted it so we're gonna do the same
too but Sydney and Luke were with us and
OH
such cute footage they were being so
goofy all right let's go all right first
question what are two things you'd like
to do with your family this week I would
like to UM like have a not like a party
but everyone come outside and like go
and choose oh is it a river lake or jump
into the water and have a movie night
with your family okay I would um go
swimming and have a party I'm sorry a
family party family party okay I would
want to go to a theme park like an
amusement park whatever you want to say
and then the same thing that I said had
like a movie night okay what was the
other question
the second question is if you were
invisible for a day what would you do I
would go to a theme park and I would
ride all the rags over and over again
what if somebody trying to sit on you
well I would put this seat as reserves
on the back of the thing so you'd like
cut in line to the front of the line
I'll just fly up cuz invisible means you
can fly like it goes okay ghosts can fly
hmm
um this is different and I would be in a
car and I would say no but it'd be the
house and go it'd be a creepy invisible
person yeah you're like calling that's
creepy I just steal things really we're
gonna do this to someone you love his
movie
I would steal you would ride rides and
you would creep people out got it all
right you don't forget to film dead
Lopez be you would enough look pushing
the days are oh is our what are two
things I'd like to do this week with
your family
and if you were invisible for ow
you invisible would you - I forgot Annie
was hurt so yeah take baby
thanks for watching Britt Ailey
