today we think they missed each other
good morning everybody on this day after
Christmas morning morning Brooke and
rush are dragging us relentlessly just
like the SoulCycle do a spinning class
it's dark it's motivation and I feel
like people are gonna yell at me and I'm
gonna probably break down in tears
nobody there just like trying your
hardest so that's where we're going this
morning Haley's not old enough yet to be
17 I think I don't think you're old
enough either but whatever oh well we're
gonna say you're old enough because
Nicole said you're old enough Bailey is
not yeah we'll ask Nicole in here I
thought she's that 13 it might be 13 I
just remember I was 12 when I started
and I just lied on the paperwork okay
see you're old enough we're not even
lying Annie is pretty much 5 - I was
she's she's right under she might be
right are they gonna measure her she's
close she's very close I think I'm 15
years she's probably 5 1 all right okay
everyone down in the comments go comment
Russia's 15 okay I've got it if anyone
asks I'm 15
okay Russia is joining us with this
girl's trip because he wants to go hang
out all right stuff from here no it
smells like food nope all right wish us
luck
we'll see you on the you guys we did it
and now we're playing with either dead
or alive ladybug okay we
we did it how'd you do Brooke you're
like a better any but I feel like I'm
red but you look beautiful Brooke but
like exercised refresh maybe look for
your blush on yes fun back brush does
not like blush hmm how do you feel do
did you succeed I succeeded to I had sat
down a few times when I wasn't supposed
to but I never stopped pedaling I sat
down like three times probably brush
that was your first time to it down you
did it good job I didn't I think I did
one next time I'm getting a seat cushion
Debbie you guys I'm so glad that I
didn't take my camera in because after
we got done it was like please leave
your phone and cameras out and I'm like
thank goodness because I just did it cuz
I'm like this is probably not a place
for a camera well I'm sure if I had
permission so sorry we couldn't film any
of that we can't film this deadbeet in
my purse alright guys that's the update
I think we're going to eat it was just
suffered yes we're eating something that
is just suffering a lot yes he's dead
it's okay cuz he's out of alright guys
so the day continues teaching us the
ways of Malibu mm-hmm after SoulCycle we
comin coming up this deliciousness we
show some my fellow do
coconut Khalil is that all Khalil this
is his place right he's already gonna
self-destruct alive mmm this is like
like nuts and what else is in it um some
food I think it tastes delicious look so
I shouldn't feel guilty when I'm sucking
it tastes like chalk I know how do I get
all the meat off cuz why ya I hate I'm
not a fan of coconut either you know
what I love Chipotle maybe in a little
while we'll eat a bowl because I feel
like if I eat a burrito I just ruined
everything that I just cycled out yours
this is what I know I know but I can
have a bowl no you yes with a little bit
of rice and double chicken look at these
dude they are taking care of us but I
have to eat I know I knew she apparently
already is not eating this is drinking
bad influence on parenting good I would
rather my child parent me them like well
then like be running around doing things
that she shouldn't be doing and I'm
wondering if I should wear this with my
hat goes hot or no I think I should did
it and don't know what I should put to
my hair because it looks uh what's all
bad
soon Oh TV mannerisms it's a very
Christmas outfit than I probably should
red sweater from our 21 actually horrors
from Christmas I don't know where these
are from
they're from forever21 yeah they are I
think so his boyfriend dreams and we are
going oh wait and oh and I don't know
where this ring is from what um we are
going yeah well I should I say who were
going to meet up with we are going to
meet up with Jaden Jaden ever robbery
for every perfume that we got from it's
still rubbing the rub you kind yes I
promise you I'm scent essential oils
which is that mean it's pretty much like
perfume mmm swung it smells like
bubblegum smells like a tiger like Jeb
ba ba hubba that one like that hello
hello it's not it died it's like
actually like he's not the same mm-hmm
you don't put too much on
I just I just put that on so yeah what's
going on it's a nice upstairs so err
have you walking my package the very top
and it was my idea to get on that
glitters not now they made us so then we
ran down like six flights of escalators
now we're here they said that they're at
the Christmas tree and we were like ha
but we need up at like 4:45 now almost
and the movie starts pulling so good
we're going we're going we're going I
just like look good
I think they missed each other
Wow you are tall yeah she helped me
because I have a drink in my hand we all
have our hands so we're going with -
Reza called are we going on it's called
the greatest showmen so we're going
there
yes and oh well I'm teammates oh yeah
baby
she was zoomed on the baby love okay
y'all of course we went in there
always entertaining Haley got petty she
walked away with buddy cue the dog let's
see this putty oh here you had this all
of all that oh we might have to give it
to Danny
no no oh holy cow look at that that is
amazing getting serious
hey if I get the lid help they're eyeing
your putti oh there's a
okay okay a little bit don't get it on
your shirt and ready
I'm gonna set my slime humor slime cam
all I guess can't see just
okay here we go this is my my dude it's
like a slime video
it's my gut line video I know I know
it's very creaky
it's gonna have to deal with
oh gosh
I'm just gonna stare awkwardly until
you're common doesn't know whatever kind
of time be video so we just said we just
said goodbye to Jaden's month we lost
Jaden and I don't know where he is and
yeah we're having a study date except
she's at the u9j school cuz you know she
goes to actual Spooner so I get to
suffer
we're gonna get into some really cute
outfits and take a mirror selfie and
then anymore school and then we're gonna
have a picnic oh wait can we miss you
try yeah there's just one thing that we
want to do so like I'm gonna do school
ride as I go to sleep and right when I
wake up okay then don't wait like done
I'll know that phrase like done done and
very good
anyway so okay well this is murder
okay it's something about your leg the
question is if you could through change
change your name what would it be
I choose autumn um I would be Taylor ooh
and she be Zoey so so well excuse me
so else it sounds are you trooper yeah
yeah yeah so well the girl who'd like
does impressions or something I think
your name is Doyle
oh yeah that's probably so Ella
okay anyways anyways don't get cause we
know the question
what if you could change it you can
change it into endow me with my guys
remember to celebrate baby
thanks for watching
for tailee
