time for luckily the aftermath of
breakfast and only this little thing
remains she wasn't quite done eating and
we're kind of running a little behind
schedule so the others went up stairs to
get ready and Annie still needs to get
ready but I guess she's just gonna have
to rush she's like taking her time
eating this blueberry muffin ah
we have the back to school fashion Joe
in partnership with Target today right
at makers videos that what we're doing
no such bad manners little bite little
bites princess little bites we've got to
go you are gonna make us late we have to
be there at 10:00 and you want to know
what time it is we'll fast okay it is it
is 8:30 my friend and you you haven't
even showered yet okay
are you ready to try on some clothes
some target fashion all right it's gonna
be awesome it's gonna be fun mmm these
blueberry muffins were delicious
we ate your girl yeah cuz they totally
want to see you eat we're vlogging about
eating
we are journaling our life this is how
you eat and we want to remember this
moment forever that's why we do this
that's one of the main reasons okay
that's all I was going to get really
deep Manning he's really gonna start
talking about deep thought I was just
gonna say you're not getting it we can
look back on she put me let me talk okay
I'm done I know I'm not saying it I lost
the moment the moment is gone quit
eating all the food okay take it with
you to go so here we are rip maker
studios in the green room don't change X
I'm filming we're just trying on clothes
to see what's gonna fit so this is just
like a sneak peek that might be too big
it is cute
so we're going to try this on real quick
and we're going to show you the set
design they have we partnered with
Target and they've got makers made this
whole huge awesomeness set for us to
film in okay I'm so excited
okay okay
believe me when it's mine cadet we're
leaving you have to stick sting all
right you are all camera-ready you have
no clue should we have ya volume in here
whatever you think will look good gather
in here Haley is done with hair and
makeup and we're going to see the tutor
um I don't know so Caleb's in here with
the tutor right now it's summer but
we're gonna have some fun I think Kinect
for going on this is Haley you guys have
some fun yeah wanna go see the set yeah
all right oh they're still doing I mean
oh my goodness
what do you think it's colorful wow
that's crazy
it looks good
look she's like doing it right now so
they have like panels hanging it looks
like I'll be there oh it's not on the
wall you're right no there that's even
cooler it's hard to see it is good
you'll see that Haley it's like swimming
in a little closer but they're like
they're like hanging out and they're
hanging that's impressive on that white
part there's like space between the back
that's so cool watch it kind of moves
oh hey Lee it's your turn come on you
can do that in a second so what do you
got to do you don't even know you're a
pumped she is pumped she is ready to go
getting some last-minute things going on
in there I think Andy's doing some
schooling and making some Oregon - Paige
made that one do you see what Haley's
doing cuz you're next well I don't know
who's next I lied I'm not in charge here
see this is what's great about fashion
shows and having people are showing
people what you can wear I would have
never picked this out but out like on
the shelf but I love it because
sometimes things look better when you
see them on people I'm not delusional
and totally series we need to fix your
call or young man pop it up oh not pop
it I'm just it's tucked under oh I'm not
for a second telling you to pop your
collar I don't know if that's cool
anymore I love that shirt Wow okay
okay we can't show too much office suit
they hope their watch the fashion Jim I
can't really be a li you I've quit
peeking God has really rude that they're
peeking right now okay I'm trying not to
close your eyes guys you can't see also
what's the fashions oh I think it's
going to be up well it's clearly going
to be on the horse school starts at the
back school babbles oh okay I'm not
talking about my lunch time I feel all
we do is eat we filmed our breakfast and
now we're filming our lunch Annie Annie
Annie and he's ready to go get her
outfit on with me
she's gonna wear a minion backpack it's
adorable
I guess I'm not in charge here would you
get frozen blurry that's what you got
there we go
but okay look being a trooper being a
little fashionista a little male model
what I did get some you did the gloves
came with a backpack was adorable so I
think we're about to shoot the rest of
this and then we're gonna go to the pool
right yes the rooftop pool yeah yeah
knees turn excited you know how we're
back back I've been that long yeah
summer hasn't been going that long yeah
he's gonna tell you
all right that's a wrap
Sunday get it
microphone for a quick before you don't
steal the microphones again again
kidding we got some cool maker hats cuz
we are maker that's they're saying I
said it we are maker get it mm all right
back to the hotel because we have to
check out of yet another hotel to get in
yet yeah well I mean we have to whenever
oh yeah we're gonna do the pool first
then check out the hotel before we check
out that hotel we Beatles that's
disgusting
no we didn't have salt a little awkward
oh the other toes yeah anyways we got to
go swim at the cool hotel and then
change hotels so we get me closer to
VidCon I'm not kidding me ladies we have
the camera mommy doesn't so Paige it's
taking over tonight we're skidding for
like an hour
all right so tell us about today so we
just thought that um maker of fashion
show
and how was it was awesome
and now just to relax because it was
really really long we were there
literally from that like 10 to 5:30 so a
long time gonna like your life yes have
a nice dip in the pool look at you let's
look at better than well we can't really
look at it you see and our beautiful
alright yeah we can see it alright
I don't know how to zoom how did you
jump do it
this video mr. Kamath over here it's got
an accent tonight can you do it no why
not because I fold it may be so fun I
don't want to feel like you so we're at
the pool I'm losing it
oh it's gone yeah God country ones back
punch event that southern okay
so southern belle um
caleb is at the pool and he is on his
phone yes we do as always never on my
phone oh really
yeah are you sure about that no flash
photography Caleb had a lot of fun with
the maker studio photo shoot today he
enjoyed it any Android what was your
favorite part and what was his favorite
part no I'm asking you sure he talked
your turn my favorite part was what's in
your back for you what's in your
backpack yeah what's in their foot mine
was lunch huh how's my favorite nothing
what was your favorite part miss hailey
a blind um the maker studios photo shoot
with target I guess getting close um
getting close on you look new clothes
getting your new clothes look at me I
can't see that face hey girl are y'all
ready for some pizza yeah alright let's
go have some pizza let's go
pizza party what happened
Oh No well don't pop your knuckles don't
beat him beat him beat him pop Osby oh
yeah
yeah awesome did you say that who's
stronger she's stronger than me you
can't go down I can't can you oh she's
been working out
you don't play way today that might have
been my workout oh well the mom okay
Pizza all right we should have thought
of math yeah we should have thought of
that
who ordered this pizza who's in charge
here yeah oh yeah
no Caleb CERN okay so for dessert
yeah we might just have to eat on like
the box we can tear the box tight hold
on your bucket wait Haley dude hey bro
bro ChaCha's paid full of ideas hmm full
of ideas get the blankie out of your
face ha Paige like whatever expedites
food into the mouth yeah okay like you
guys something
how do you look all by myself
they've been practicing I've been
editing they vent a little makeup Bing -
is it blurry yeah oh right what is
that's weird
you're right like the goods caught fresh
brothers that's what the guy at the
front desk told me to get em I can't
good I'm starving you guys drinks Hey I
did not get drinks I'm not amazing
another hotel third hotel & gailey look
okay I was trying to be really serious
like not funny at all and you're
laughing at every word I say you know
disrespectful that is hahaha
that was loud in my dress people okay
guys so we are going to another hotel
yes yes yes yes yes yes is get it yes I
know this is her third hotel this month
week and um it sounds like my birth week
um which I haven't run for everybody to
see no I'm a spoiled little brat um he
gets so sidetracked he's talking this
cuz things just fly in my head anyway so
this hotel is for VidCon and we just had
like hotels for every different thing
you know that's kind of weird that this
one was only one day and last was like
two days and this one's gonna be like 15
days something like that and for four
for four but yeah okay thank you because
they both are in a month um anyways
Paige decided to walk into the room and
and destroys our YouTube video we got
everything packed up and ready for hotel
number um it's like $80
I mean at $8 80 pounds it's not cuz it
couldn't go on the play over dogs in
there that's why I'm so fat that is like
one of Winnie why don't I have a winner
you wouldn't have won laughs when these
are in there no but really we oh we have
your babies in there what are you the
girl
Winnie of the girl okay so we'll see
them at our third hotel let's get out of
here this was a nice one let's go see
what the next one will bring whoa you
guys all just set up an
same time you know like it just cuts
like now we're gonna go do this in like
an hour later we'll do this I'm just
like lifeless like that where you're
just like oh it's now I'm gonna go do
this and then we're doing that right now
you actually have to live in between
parts Hollywood sign citing Hollywood I
would have desperate I've seen that if I
would have we're we're just driving
along I thought exciting it's gone maybe
I will tell because they don't know
because we're not staying in Hollywood
Hollywood
my life into Hollywood studios haha
close it it's close enough they're
wealthy they're all down there you go
room three oh you just have to like put
it up to it oh look she's like they know
they know the drill they know they're
not allow the look oh all right
come in to beds over there yay likes the
Gatsby Fido this is Hayley everyone look
at the little dance I love work exotel
is just like more like so ugly and she's
like this shower anyway today shower
whoo I love the mirror oh good there's
plenty of beds lots of space they get to
all be together in this room I do like
this better
oh okay Dib now our steps uh-huh and our
stuffs just still in the hallway I pick
all this right bed read bed the one on
the right everybody
colander you get top bunk hailey Oh
normal people walk down a hall and how
my kids walk down a hall oh wait right
here
Oh
banning the other way fee for staring
people are staring at us people are
staring at you how do you feel no Haley
that's hard so two nights quitting the
day is LA would you rather and it's not
like really late but we still have
VidCon tomorrow which we're really
excited about and um oh yeah question
today so the question of the day is
would you rather explore space or the
deep seat Haley
oh that's a hard one because I don't
like going up and I can't sweat hmm
Stace mine would be space even though
I'm very scared just I need to like
learn about it because I don't get it I
get it
my would be space I mean underwater
would be really cool but and the water
would be cool
but I think I'd rather explore space I
like you can see everything yeah we're
not Turtles babe I
thanks for watching
Britt Ailey
