time for metalli
good morning everyone so the plan for
today is we are going to switch our
towels to be closer to maker because we
are filming a video at the maker studios
tomorrow so today we're going to switch
your towel and after that the exciting
news page found these really awesome
cool people that we don't know how to
pronounce their Instagram it's like in
this day yeah or anastagia I don't know
that's really he'll so that's what we're
doing it's like a makeup store and I'm
really really really really excited
after that we're going to the tricks
tricks and apart trick stem is a trick
offender it tricks dinner chicks in
that's tricks and tricks and tricks in
mommy yeah trixin so if you don't know
what chicks it is it is the shade hide
new Brown like clothing stuff down there
have your party and we're gonna go
mm-hmm it'll be fun you ready to go
uh-huh okay let's go do the makeup all
right who wants the key to the next toe
toe you
what's the thing help me - I'm ready I
am always ready I am rolling okay let's
go scope it out three oh six it's a
little stuffy in this hallway like yeah
warm and smelly good the all these
elevators all over the place oh it's
like a little maze Caleb are you sure
you're going the right way
okay I'm in no come on we got it
this is cute I love this but costs money
dude this is this is cute bill watch
your step this is so cute I love how
rude and I guess every little area yeah
I like the decorations really cut a
doorbell go get hailey
oh it's our bags duh I should have known
okay just as why I'm filming really
everything usually not I felt when we
film help Oh cuz we're going on the roof
but I thought it would be exciting to
just film the roof this is where the
pool and tennis is yeah where are you
going
the rooftop terrace Wow look at the yeah
oh cool now you see why I'm filming in
here I want to go up there what's up
there Caleb you go check it out for us
oh thank you
the tennis courts it's awesome it's
heated too I think she said it was
heated let's go see Hayley like
stripping down her her shoes you know
you don't my bathing suit on right okay
is it heated Hayley
now it's chilly this is so beautiful
not ready not heated oh it's beautiful
the 360 of our rooftop terrace
love it not gonna drop that yep I am
you're not you're gonna drop it no you
may not drop the shoe Annie you could
hurt somebody you know what Annie what
have you admit and dropped it on the
roof
I've been funny that would have been
horrible this world biggest cup of hot
sauce Wow
so we're at the panini Cafe we're
getting some lunch before we go to the
makeup store and all the whipped creams
already gone because these two got ahold
of it the good Hayley yeah oh my
goodness gracious what a day what a day
Hayley give a little workout in this
hotel room before we leave for the
partay I know okay let's see well done
let me get to this angle it might be
better so we can see how far up you hit
the handstand no pressure all the way up
oh so close you're not quite vertical
harder it's hard isn't it that's a good
workout guys if you have like a step to
try to kick up on now try one on the
ground let's see if it worked
make it work too well and kicking over
in boots is kind of hard too oh no we
hurt our back
oh come here Fred wait you're not Fred
Fred's at home what hold you Fred okay
note to self don't try that at home
disclaimer I just tried in your hotel
room
oh you're just kidding that was a good
one so you just did it to close with a
step whoa do another see if it worked
yeah
they are getting so good try to walk
again yeah walk on your hands
well they're the beginning just shoulder
touches you can that's ok good try I
shouldn't make makeup videos Oh
Hayley just walked and I missed it make
sure when you land in that bridge your
heads hanging back so you can hit it ok
they can hit the bridge yeah hang on
whoa don't walk too soon you got to get
up first no do that's good hear me what
I should make mika penny you should are
you gonna be a makeup artist okay like
Paige yeah can i you can be whatever you
want to be when you grow up
make us videos can i Paige is going to
teach me and then you'll teach the world
Paige could teach the world mm-hmm she's
got to start making her YouTube videos
again yeah works at home she does
people's hair and makeup at home there's
no bird a monkey I'm not a monkey oh all
right we should go guys are you guys
ready yeah we're standing here doing
handstands when we should be partying
down with the trick seven people's
looking Caleb's hair guys isn't it fancy
Paige straightened his hair he got his
hair did I straighten my hair Obama see
no you didn't I did
yeah there's food which the kids have
liked gobble down and there's drinks
not that kind of drinks people calm down
like soda drink and a cool little thing
where Annie than a handstand in there
and Haley just hangin animals and
there's some cool people here like the
shade is a charred mommy and daddy can
we go to the pool I don't think there's
a pool here at this party Qatar hotel
oh you're so famous
later
so anyways oh okay um we just got done
with that super cool for my breakfast
just gotta remember all the names of the
third party that we just did I know I
said it's a trick sin party huh
come on what kind of guitar was it you
know she doesn't know her guitars I'm
gonna tell you start with the G good lit
No
yeah yeah Gibson gives hashtag Gibson
tricks him yeah like a scab right my eye
thanks for sharing and he was filming
like about an epic party that we just
attended and you're talking about scabs
look at the sign it's your duty to pick
it up duty times of duty all right so
we're gonna head back to the hotel now
wait we hung out with some awesome
people and I think we're gonna get some
room service right cuz we don't we don't
know this around yeah so you can't ever
lose with Cafe cafe del Rey the fancy
restaurant we ate yesterday was so good
me Annie wants to be a makeup artist
when she and gets older so she's so she
decided today this is how we going to
hotel now always I gotta get muscles
yeah your workout Hey
oh my goodness now turn the camera off
soggy job y'all leave the camera on for
that no no acting back down the maze Oh
watch your head
oh my gosh geez she needs that did I
hear Haley's acting like she's doing
something yeah actually she might be
holding herself up got it
hey what I didn't say
like he's gonna drop oh yes we got their
first try okay yeah it's good to be home
oh you just want to go back and forth
hey Andy's got her blankie you can't
live without it so we are at the hotel
and I am Google page is going to show me
like a middle like not like really bold
and not like this like really subtle but
it's in like in between so I'm just
gonna say here's before but I still have
the other makeup on I'm gonna get off
here's before and then I'll show you
after it's like yellow in here is that
supposed to wait I mean yeah oh wait no
I got it I made it
he dropped the camera and I think you're
good I mean I'm just too big is that
single anyways and I'll show you after
so huge and yeah looks crazy right now
we gotta blend it ooh fancy middle one
so mommy you're gonna to the side you
already saw the first one Lisa this is
the second close
now we're gonna take and she's videoing
it so I can see how Oh smart
so Annie and I made a deal that she
could learn how to do makeup but she
can't wear it out for every day like she
wore a little bit of makeup today Paige
did like a little subtle eyeshadow
because it was a party continue shows
your bad leg she's getting close to the
bad leg that's pretty good pretty good
badly I know
ready Haley Annie's got her what's what
you're not I love it on you bye Lyss
yeah si Haley's got our own gem in here
you almost ready for a back hip circle
in there and ready this is the floor
this may return
mmm-hmm thought that was your routine
all right look at okay hey mom
oh it's lovely Oh Annie that's so
spectacular and okay if you want to go a
little bit okay this because anymore
yes I don't really need Highline there
yeah
oh you're getting a wing it's built in a
letter and perfect all right you girls
have fun
I'm gonna go edit tomorrow's video I got
some work today oh I'm sitting over your
editing
I got headphones on all I hear is oh wow
I'm so impressed
I got a C sound good Wow makeup lesson
mascot she shoot that means exactly what
I said cool
I'll have to see it later and drops okay
if you do the eyeliners if you need to
give you a tissue for under we go get oh
I'm scared I'm hoping to add one here
but you're sitting down okay you know
really let me see give me a sneak peek
oh well don't hit your head
inglis wait wait wait nope I didn't see
the clumps let's get to play chess
oh you're making it not focus stop just
close your eyes Wow oh sorry
almost put to that great what am I
looking at what Annie did a wing wait
for a second go to focus Yuki are you
don't think you can look at this don't
look don't look close your eye Annie you
did your first wing remember why
I feel like I'm yelling sorry I probably
why the head headphones okay she's gonna
look her first look ready okay ready one
two three come look at this one
close one you guys are so cute what do
you say and paid for so you did so good
yes future makeup artist BAM no you're
good we could do one guess could you
hang up that like it fly to California -
gasps do makeup in here
yay I can see it already clone II just
got a good question today which is hey
what is yours as we were doing makeup
all night
what's your favorite part of makeup like
as an example lips um eyes a cheek
lipstick lipstick eyes eyes I say eyes
too cuz you can do a lot with eyes as
Paige has shown us yeah you see your
wing and that eye shadow she quickly
Patrick so that was a good day we're
finishing it off with a late dinner with
this tiny piece like that who's so cute
got some pizza hailey got some asparagus
cream of asparagus soup well that's it
for the day tomorrow we are going to
make our studios and we're gonna film a
back-to-school fashion show and partner
with Target
yay right yeah it's gonna be super fun
you're gonna strut your stuff strut your
stuff
don't forget comment down below yes you
wasn't even
is Mickey uh-oh watch your favorite part
man we have example hits the eyes lips
and stuff like that
I see tomorrow everybody wrong ah potato
baked potato baby
thanks for watching
bruh tailee
