time for my tally
it's a beautiful day here in LA and we
are getting beautified not that you guys
need any more beautification it's not a
word I just made it a word yeah so we
are getting ready to go to our panel
at the YouTube space la page is making
us even more beautiful than we already
are
right well everybody's perfect how they
are is my point behind all this but it's
nice to get all put together by a
professional it's like oh do you need
aside to go currently today yep Mandy's
getting some curls I'm sitting here
trying to learn how to do it for the
wand Haley's gonna go with her curls
again today Caleb's gonna go like that
now we're gonna do a little something to
him I think little blush I just kiddin
Galen yeah yeah just hanging out in the
hotel until it's time to leave and we're
gonna go I think we're all a little
nervous
well Hailey's not probably nervous if
she's gonna be with Paige yeah you
already know you're not nervous anymore
but I'm still not gonna answer well you
could try to at least answer one right I
always answered one okay and my goal is
probably to okay that's fair enough
we're not gonna be alone on the panel
there's some other channels Y that work
probably gonna meet know the cute little
daily bumps little boys not till with us
till um Saturday he's adorable
we're gonna steal him you don't tell
anybody do not you're gonna love him
Paige's adorable do not go on the daily
bumps Channel and tell people that were
tell the mom and dad we're gonna steal
and don't do it we're gonna yeah we'll
just pretend we're babysitting him
forever yeah
I did try thanks for calling me out
sista presenting Haley hey I'm not
presenting any who's coming
oh it's Caleb and now for real Annie
creepy fingers Annie Annie I love love
love this dress shoes hailey when I say
that I love someone's dress it does not
mean that I don't like yours I love your
dress too
and II got a little lip gloss a little
braid her and let's see the braid
because you know it David away was the
big you did fine oh you see yeah yeah
that's cool we're going to YouTube
so it is cool hoo-uh
win today we're in a room why no idea
okay well then I'll take over them so we
are just arrived
that's YouTube space in LA we're back in
our green room I will I feel myself way
more often on this camera because I can
see myself so it's not as awkward as her
makeup on me Paige did my makeup
oh just covered the camera cuz I was
trying to get it back on you okay that's
a little close they don't want to be
that close to me Paige did my hair and
my makeup and this cameras way easier to
film on like you know I don't feel so
awkward yeah I don't like I never used
to like turn the camera myself so it
gotten a little less awkward well in his
face is blue any space is blue in here
right now cuz of the screen so we're
hanging out before we go on our panel
who's nervous
you're not going on the panel so you can
put your hand here doing nothing to be
nervous about and living in LA are you
gonna be nervous for me it starts at 150
hundred I never watching this I'm gonna
be I'm gonna be kind of nervous I heard
there's like 160 people in the audience
what
well hundred and sixty two snacks well
you kind of need to know so when you go
out there and you see them all they're
gonna ask us simple questions like like
what's the hardest part about what you
do
hum and what's your name my mom's an
answer what's your favorite part of what
you do and we kind of went all over all
these so I think they're ready for a
little nervous what is it a no oh no
okay so what you confuse difference did
a lot of things and there's being
audience and then you're gonna just say
who you are and then ask questions you
have a ask for questions and then it's
gonna be like an hour then you can be
done and Haley's eating a snack they had
a great snack table out there so I think
we were just gonna hang out in here
until it starts and I don't think we can
film the panel sadface know so you won't
be able to see us embarrass ourselves
Oh shucks
and you couldn't film it very much with
that but um I am civil date ask this
question what kind of videos do you post
that get late that people want to watch
and I said like injuries and all bloody
things like the time that Caleb no time
that I like crash zone about tugging on
a bloody nose Caleb on me was like she
messed the wrong person you know two
mommies it uh put that at the title and
it's like me doing this time they're
good thumbnail yeah so that's gone that
video shout out without video we got
like these cool why my answer
add onto that would have been also hey
Leah ever every video that Haley's
crying that one goes well stickers
Stickles I shagged another shout out for
I'm never going at the park commune
where sticker that's the most popular
video we have isn't it where Haley got
mad because she went into a mud pile a
badge I'm a little jealous of that shirt
mine's a cool shirt too but it's a zip
up jacket dance is not back in then this
is the back and breeding for my like gym
bag and then I'm also creating this they
must have known that you were a gymnast
they're like hey she needs a gym bag and
a water bottle
yep thank you Google stickers I'm
thinkin I don't know
cuz I thought that you might want some
stickers don't you think I think they
were right that was fun were you it was
it as bad as you thought it was it was
worse would you do it again
good cuz you've got another panel on if
we did we got the maker maker booth
panel / q√† what's with the daily bumps
- shout-out to the daily bumps yeah I'm
a super cute baby we're getting ready
for a workout we're gonna go work out
again
yes Paige and mommy are going to work
out - and me and Hayley we're all
getting all our workout stuff on and
he's already starting my bed but here
let me just tell you this I'm not gonna
do this if there's a ton of people there
I'll do my own workout I have a workout
on my computer and people are gonna like
laugh at me yes she says the love right
now her makeup look okay I'm sweating
workout complete Haley is getting some
arm workout in and he's working on grip
strength so that she doesn't go back and
to gym and not be able to grip the bar
to everything I'd done okay and he was
doing her own workout while I was doing
mine
this
how many press handstands gonna do today
yeah funny so you've got a total of see
I wasn't kidding yesterday I don't know
if you can hear me I was like okay just
99 more to go
and how much would you run half a mile
run and you biked man huh all in my 30
minute workout forecast which it's
really not something for portability
short words are you so you did like toe
raises nice
don't touch her Caleb I know what you're
thinking all right let me see your
president Stan
yeah for you can make it press that's a
good press back from the pool and
primping for dinner it involves a little
tiny bit of lip gloss and a gold band
Haley Annie you have that same one I
think yeah maybe a little big
I think so no sorry you don't need those
eyes what's wrong hey hey you hungry and
tired
I'm hungry and tired too okay that's
gastly but it aren't gonna work I didn't
bring any page to the rescue once again
Oh gum that you've had yes I thought
that's what you were in the car I'm
going to dinner and Andy's making funny
noise about me took me a second and
Hayley's not feeling well back there
I'm sorry Hayley color button
Bell bun but she's probable tummy
hi Annie
thank you
wait we're gonna try a new place right
Cafe Del Rey hope it's yummy
hopefully we have steak that's all any
cares about other Cheesecake Factory
reviews of that job here which is big
well you can get other things and eggs
cheesecake
he's I think that she's came back he was
just I did do is just like I visit yeah
but then I received a saddle area is it
just cheesecake now they got food do Ely
just win
but still me
no question topography battle but not
using a voyage however you can't fool me
there's a waffle well don't everybody
sit is a llama there's a llama blurry
mommy you love to make ups
it's too sunny painted copy given the
wife is on
probably go home Bollywood
all right you can't see the ayah I know
yeah like this yeah they're teaching me
to be cool I don't know in fact I don't
think it is turning 20 on Thursday
session cast my birthday's coming I'm
gonna be too big to zero laughing at me
the big three five go honey - no just do
the 20 mm OH
sometimes I'm turning
oh why are we skipping I'm training a
lot soon thank you birthday birthday
it'll be here before you know it what is
this like take me do like a page got to
see a tan the other day and she was
telling us that Aiden life is a sight
he's so smart okay haven't seen him in
forever we miss you Aiden hi Nani fine
honey
I know you're here she watches your
videos every night I know fill a in -
hmm
I need her Gail you know I didn't know
that I didn't know that's like said it
okay so this restaurants totally fancier
than we thought it was going to be or
expected and we were just looking at all
of work selections
trying to wonder what we use what for
we're assuming for me it'd be Demong oh
thank you
you still have gum in your mouth what
like at the beautiful view that we have
come on yes perfect we're so fancy oh my
goodness looks so yeah but I think we're
assuming you have gum anybody else no I
think we're assuming that this is for
the muscles that we ordered we're
discussing so if we're doing it wrong
you guys please tell us that what is
what I don't know Caleb's eating it
though I thought what you what you're
not so I even got just the bread yeah
you should definitely try it we're
pretending to be fancy today look at
Caleb all things see
it's so fancy we're going to get kicked
out of here because of you
here we go
oh not bad I'm just interesting mushy
yeah okay
jeez that is really
they're just chowing down
I was just gonna say Caleb that's a
little bit fancy I know we always claim
to not be fancy but systems I don't know
if eating muscles is fancy anything we
do is spam
tomato-y nope thanks for saving me some
oh there are some I'm just kidding I
don't want any oh she didn't know we
just FaceTime one of Paige's friends
little girls and Caleb's carried Haley
back for the restaurant because I mean
back Hotel clearly because clearly she
can't walk she doesn't have her own feet
that was fun that was delicious
on her yeah I know he's about to drop my
kid Andy to the rescue yuck you got to
find the right key you know that's a
good thing comfortable oh you got her
back good ah dead what is so many good
in here she's dead sister for watching
any hope you got that just I was like
that's way too fast that's not gonna
work
just push all right
so this is what's gonna happen we're
gonna get ready for in our PJs I know
it's still bright out guys but it's late
we're on our in our in our neck of the
woods so we're gonna wrap up right now
uh we didn't do a question of the day
last night one give them more not one of
them so we should do one tonight baby
baby nope nope please um where's your
favorite place to go no in the whole
world how about you
anyone know meet anyone okay who would
you meet I know I know I'm gonna say I
knew it could be row row if you're
watching this you know she totally
probably bits around watching all of our
videos to watch it for Taylor everyday
ambition you should like meet up with us
and cook us something and Haley will
help a huge bratayley fan she cries when
she misses it upload oh okay so hey
Haley I mean Oh what's your name Groo
I'm in here Oh mommy's and reals
um who would you want to meet hmm Carrie
Enderlin Carrie Underwood myself and I
you would you meet him so wall there no
for real you have the answer really good
I like to me you can eat anybody's meat
Michael Jackson y ou G from but you
shouldn't
oh my gosh that was a bunnies I know if
you're gonna show valerian what what the
slo-mo lip thing you have to think of
who you're gonna meet while we do that
and I can't think of anybody okay
okay Sandra Bullock oh the good one an
actor she is the last one she sings like
to be on fur Miss Congeniality she had a
lot of good money
I'm trying to think of one y'all
probably bad she was the voice of into
minions oh she was the evil lady that
even Sandra Bullock did that voice I
want to yeah okay Wow okay
whoo I would like to me is um either I
let him answer
oh I'm alone okay I didn't hear when you
were saying attrex ravio rootkit is it
hard on real people
man's yeah huh man yeah banging like
okay ready you guys ready for this
this whole hear me don't do your slow-mo
Caleb versus better isn't that hilarious
Yayoi we will in a sec is mine funny yes
my wife is cracked
who's mine embarrassing said yeah I
guess hit my nose
oh it's embarrassing the kids and the
despit nobody wants to see that so
embarrassing
okay so I didn't think of anybody yet
you need Carrie Underwood
no that was yours oh oh it's beautiful
the Sun hitting while we were at dinner
a rain storm came in the Beatles and
he's making up fans no um would I want
to meet we might wanna meet daddy's
party did that horrible I was horrified
that's a good thing
I would like to meet Jesus that's the
one I will be it's either rope or Jesus
I could get but Rose a close second
right okay that's it we're gonna get
ready for bed and go to bed because I
think we're all sleepy so we will see
you guys tomorrow okay mom what oh
thanks for the announcement on your bath
dude now you can pick a celebrity no one
said that yeah
there was no rules so she diggle's a
member markl library everything I mean
Jesus he is a celebrity celebrity is
when you're well-known right mm-hmm
I can give this a lever to give this a
song what is she gonna do Danny the
celebrity all right hey like I said
we'll see you guys tomorrow baked potato
baby
thanks for watching
Britt Ailey
