just a friendly reminder about the
meet-and-greet it will be whoops I'm
reading off the phone just so I can get
it right and everything's find it about
here the mean greet the main group will
be at 2:30 p.m. on Sunday the 26th at
Downtown Disney district at the
Disneyland Resort in California which is
in front of the ESPN Zone thing in front
of the ESPN in front of it now hat in it
not that same same as last year um for
the year before I don't know which year
was all so long ago I think was last
year yeah I sure was please come early
because we will only have a couple of
hours to meet you all so yeah um sure
thing all that I want oh gosh and and
now with today's regular schedule tie
for me it's around 8 o'clock and morning
and we had to travel around
one hour two hours two hours to a
baseball tournament and we're finally
about to get lunch and I proposed
breakfast dad stop it
and I just slept for two hours almost an
hour hour that stop it really it can be
confused and so we're finally gonna get
breakfast and then we're gonna get there
and we're gonna be like 30 minutes early
no rockin you 30 minutes early guys once
we eat what are we gonna sit down at a
restaurant we're now early
we're here and so that's pretty much the
end of this conversation I can be
jealous is waste eating out of Mexico no
hydrogen go line did you hit the ball
yeah
I didn't come on Benji this grass cars
offense
what
we're bringing up not very good at this
okay guys so we want both games today
and I punted the day and do it two four
four yeah before today which all you
math people didn't know that's 700 just
get his 500 and um so yeah and now we're
heading home
sadly my dad is making me drive two
hours back because it's dumb work so
yeah then we have to drive two hours
back tomorrow in the drawers buckle yeah
so yeah I guess we'll see you when we
finally get home after two hours I don't
get to sleep this time because it's in
midday dad thank you it's got done for
Wigan yeah see you at 6:00
so and we are going in the hotel to wait
for Annie we're gonna fear a little bit
let me explain better we have to pick
any up from gymnastics camp tomorrow but
we're gonna go up tonight and watch some
practice this skill Katie's mom is
pick us up so we're all gonna drive
together and bring the girls home
tomorrow
are you excited to see your sister yes
you do meet her are you ready for our
adventure to start hello my adventure
Queen we haven't even started we just
stopped to get gas are you excited to
see the girl the adventure awaits any
minute we will be on the road we were
going to watch them practice for a
little while tonight like Haley said
earlier can and it wait she's falling
asleep just thinking about it here to
stop for gas because that's what you do
you a Porsche rep or hangout miss Jill's
car I can't believe we're in flippin
Katie's car Guinea flipping
Katie nothing gaiety she's I'm
definitely a flipper isn't she
he's ugly of being gay be flippin Katie
she flips she twists she twirled I think
the gas is then you hold that one he's
doing take the camera
hi I am dr. who I'm ms bean boom
yes I'm sorry look I like I totally
turned this camera on myself more often
because I can actually see what I look
like
here we go ready got to keep our friend
Haley amused on this car ride she's been
really good miss Jill and I have just
been chatting hundred bottles of Pepsi
take one down pass it around here
anything good why you have oh oh she's
videoed us Oh coming to my someone's
excited to your sister in four point
five miles
is a baby
I get the first hug
but you should tell the kids when Billy
was deployed we were gonna go to the
airport I'd be like I could hug him
first
I never got to hug him first
is that true they always beat me do
anything of course she was how she's
texting me I'm excited
are you excited to see me did you get
huh oh yeah watch watch see she already
noticed guys not cool it's a camera and
you can see yourself in it I could take
this so fine however that cool
andis giving me a tour so he found where
she's been eating this is chicken grill
she's been eating there all week what is
the coolest skill you got while you're
here a one-and-a-half Hey look is I
think golf cart Oh
cue Jim I do it Arden or
a bunch of either but some oh I would
get it slackline funniest
what was your favorite part
I like the arts-and-crafts me to tie-dye
are you all packed up and ready to leave
in the morning set for my bed stuff okay
and I got a person I don't already on
everything that was from the Olympic and
created a scale that was that was named
after her Lilia and I got her signed on
my choral ribbon and I put it on max Oh
max is wearing it what what's her moved
that was named after her what can you
describe it so clear hip thing that
peanut does he call - applause and koba
but it's the same thing just do like at
Ocean mmm it was so weird she runs on
floor and of course we didn't have floor
today but she's famous bar then just so
confused but why she wasn't helping with
bars I bet you she's still pretty good
at flora though she's an Olympian so we
did prize vault bean hey did you do your
hand hand on high beam how many not same
at the gym so that's a good cool so you
did that that was one did you check all
your things at coach Mary wanted oh I
didn't really like literally check them
but did you work on all of them
I only overcome every single one oh we
got nicked oh shoot
yay Jaya and double back Wow and a one
and a half on floor hand hand on beam
toh shoot hey did you do any your
tankers mm-hmm
onto into the pit or onto a mat into
this cool see Amanda just notice my new
camera - but wait what
see everybody reacted that's littering
ever and then they all look at
themselves like it's a mirror see you
can see your face no more like guessing
where you are in the frame right yeah Oh
Kenzi broke her pinkie Haley's gonna
sign up oh yeah big sweet Mackenzie and
like you're peeing in your hair you're
not pretty
what do you guys have a party right
person Haley's got some cursive going on
right there what are you gonna wear your
song right there yes you can your song
oh my god Gloria will be the star as mr.
Granick I've never dealt with them it
wasn't anywhere you know everybody loves
my new camera
it's so cool I don't know I'm glad you
guys notice these little things that
means I film a lot it is watch I want to
see myself oh okay good
wait let me go in first so I can get
ready to see your face like tradition we
have to see hotel rooms as we come in
okay
whoo I love seeing hotels how they're
decorated oh I love that chair the
colors of that chair are fun new do that
where you're sleeping tonight okay let's
go check the bathroom out whoo - yeah ah
where you think the bathtub mmm not bad
not bad always afraid when I'm filming
that someone's gonna be like on their
hey what are you my video what are we
doing really going to work out we are
gonna go hit the weight room keep some
pump some iron Lee ha ha ha you're funny
yeah kind of real are you gonna work out
with us yeah go into the gym you're what
oh you're hopping yeah now you're gonna
have to get off of there when we really
start working out cuz I won't be able to
watch you ain't gonna try to do it with
us you gotta say I work out as a reward
for Haley being so patient Oh miss Jill
and I did a little work out I'm taking
Haley to the pool as you can see yes
well mrs. Joel goes and gets us some
dinner
cuz it wasn't that sweet of her could we
weren't gonna have time for both thank
you Miss easy yes okay so we're ready to
go yeah we're gonna head back down then
we're gonna go home oh coupe then we're
gonna go um back to the room get some
sleep and go get the girls I'm so
excited to take Annie home you know
tomorrow morning yeah all right let's go
this you'll Nikol continuing our long
day our adventure gosh we just walked
into
the pool and it's so steamy in here look
what the cameras doing really it's
clogged up the wind the windows fogged
up let me clean it off for you so we can
see all better then don't do it
yep you did it you did it without a life
jacket on
can I go dry your face off you just did
it without a life jacket and you were
super scared weren't you and you did it
anyway
give me fun oh okay no did hell okay
are you proud of yourself for talking
but got a little water up here nose hey
are you proud of your son no I'm proud
of you that was pretty brave first time
would you do it again later not today I
mean what are you doing to do it or you
think you would do it you would yes
that's my girl I did film it I'm proud
of you dude you do it again plug your
nose have you do it again or you know
how to blow through your nose that's
what you needed to do because I think
you went under so fast but out my life
talking but that water to squirt it up
your nose and right again no not yet we
did don't ride no one you get a plug it
just plug it okay yeah
don't you're gonna slip in you're on the
very edge mine thank you happy
really No
what what one down how about I buy you
dinner
this is not a bribery session do dollars
fifty cents one dollar a quarter Danny
deal was that better when you plug your
nose
now I can't I can't live with myself if
I you get me wet you're gonna fall in
subway guy I have a question I can't
live with myself if I don't tell you
something I know you know money better
than that what's more a penny or a
quarter cork so why would you make a
deal with a penny all right I'll give
you a quarter for that one look that was
an epic jump hey now um I'm doing the
cost move day so oh you want to look at
it okay put it up okay you might as well
just hold it then
okay um right now I know you're
depressed in every day so the question
of the day is what wait what is it you
would enjoy what is your favorite thing
to do on vacation my favorite thing to
do on rotation is ride ride ride ride so
you like always go to an amusement park
on vacation or carnival yeah yeah okay
bye easy to my room don't forget to
comment down below cuz we want to know
the question of the day is what is your
favorite thing to do on vacation
bye
baked potato baked potato baby
thanks for watching
bratayley
