time for nothing like the sweet sound of
construction as we eat demolition so
much fun who's having fun raise your
hand now yes I got word
beautiful sound isn't it see my new
camera Caleb when it's is something cool
we can do we can still blog with this so
one on lots look at that
I mean
the nudists will wear off one day it
won't be quite as full one day they look
at each other just like to be themselves
pretty cool come on you got a my gadgets
are amazing they're talking they're
talking construction in there do you
know what India that means yeah you got
it you know what all of it means do you
know what any of it means anything you
know what that means
I think someone's scared she's sitting
right Missy
What's Wrong Winnie happening here
folding laundry and all we hear is Piper
whining what's wrong
suji does it again I know what she was
whining about she wanted the bone when
he was chewing the bone and Piper wanted
it now when he's sitting on the bone
watch Winnie you don't even know when
he's coming over here to say hi to me
Piper got what she wanted we go take the
bone back she's got the bone that's sad
Piper you sound like a little baby
trying to get that bone
at least got those no shame in her game
whatever works right height
there must be some boring stuff going on
in here know it Sydney and Haley getting
her hair did the hard to do a little bit
it's easier than my hair yeah because
your hair's so thick look at that what
you getting ready for the prom
cheerleading tryouts cut her smacking
your gum I'm riding me of a cheerleader
it's pretty good Sydney's got it going
she is it's gonna be all stud you're
done okay reviews isn't a birthday it
was he goes oh it was your birthday what
all right and everybody show me their
hair not you Caleb I just kiddin I was
said earlier I was like I gotta go get
the camera to show Haley Haley straight
and hairy goats but we want to show mine
I want you to eating friends do you need
to eat and bride would fill me while I'm
eating let's do it come on
you're right Kayla the last time I
filmed you you were eating breakfast
it's gonna look like that's all you do
really guys it's only like five minutes
later he just went upstairs and changed
shoot
I'm shirt and now he's eating okay
yeah okay guys sure look she put a
little braids in super cute in the
headband and let's show Sydney she's
gonna love this new camera watch I have
to show everybody I can't wait till Anna
gets home when I show her you ready can
see why so great we're gonna take a
picture so people can see it I'll insert
the picture why it's so cool so she can
see take a picture go take a pic serum
it's pretty cool sorry when you turn it
around that's what I do and I look in
the mirror every day and Caleb standing
behind me wait
look Haley still got some color and her
in the girl but you know yep okay
there's no hard two girls two waves
waiting straight she know who said she
is straightening her
okay I don't think there's any update to
show on the house
Oh your dog yeah it's something I need
all we did not get a new dog Yeah right
here oh I know we want to show this
fabulous wallpaper really mrs. fabulous
that was hiding behind the panel I know
guys I think they're apples I'd much
rather have an apple on my wall than a
tomato so I think they're a better next
week while we're at VidCon they're
ripping down the cabinet there what
topples yep so this will be gone what
else what else that's I think that's all
on the updates they've seen everything
else they've got all this packed up so
they don't get all their sawdust
everywhere pretty much looks the same
yeah mm-hmm mr. Billy decided he needed
more space up there but his real reason
is when you walk up the stairs now you
can see out the window so maybe he wins
I don't know how it design him tomorrow
the big steel beams are coming in so all
this gets to come down all the temporary
support right now we are going to a
carnival to steal back hailey since Luke
and Sydney stole it from us and all
we're going to steal her back and so
it's operation take
we found her we found her she wants to
go again I can't believe she wrote on
that you're gonna do it are you scared
are you gonna go with all right I don't
think anything before in life
weird at all so you'll do it for Disney
but you wouldn't do it for me and now
you know you can do it
you gotta take the pole
you gotta go
okay look old
oh my god you want to fight something
else
it's ah
you
you were writing almost everything what
happened to my little scaredy-cat be in
there
you got like a little mirror you can fix
your hair put your lipsticks on put your
eyeshadow put your blush on put your
nose
now
you hear did you hang up on her
hello hey she couldn't hear you hang on
one second
put it on speaker that might help you
hold it
can you hear
all right it's not working oh you're
finally done with the carnival finally
so um and haha the last 20 right guys
by using finally their make time to ask
them funny um anyways um so I started
for the worst of the day and we're up
video Haley Dino's watch of the day is
what did you see
at a carnival what's your favorite ride
at a carnival yeah I guess um my turn
which is gonna be summer I am alright
what to do goes up it's like this and it
just goes up the twist is and stuff and
stuff
you're very descriptive yeah I am I
gonna know um my mom so anyways daily
wrap it up
we're down below because we want to go
the question of the day yes you know me
me me wine No ah uh so uh what is rare
to write at a carnival no it's not your
turn
monster yeah
but horrible guys are so bad at filming
on Oh special announcement
so guys next week we will be in LA again
if you didn't know so um there are two
chances that you could be able to meet
up with us and one is VidCon 2 is a meet
agree we'll be in VidCon on July 26 for
130 pictures worth right I think this is
funny he's trying to do this from memory
so let's just back it up a little bit so
if you're gonna be at VidCon we're going
to be at the Maker booth at 11:30 a.m.
on Saturday which is the 25th and then
there will be a panel that starts at 12
p.m. and of course we really want to see
if we're gonna be hanging out a VidCon
subida whoa
so I this is for the meet-and-greet um
Disney thing geeky um so I'm reading
this off my mom's phone because it's a
lot of information I don't want to make
sure I get it exactly right the being
great will be at 2:30 p.m. on Sunday the
26th is just one day after the VidCon
and all of that jazz hip-hop um and it
will be at Downtown Disney district at
the Disneyland Resort in California and
again like last shirt in front of the
ESPN Zone I'm pretty sure I'm gonna be
like 16 glasses of water and inhaler
mm-hmm please come early because we will
only have a couple of hours to meet you
all
right on cue oh she won't listen to
anything so she just heard the movement
but hey thanks for watching
Britt Ailey
