what we do for a picture around here I
heard some girls were awake on Christmas
morning all right do that real quick
someone is excited someone was here
she's going for the present from Annie
fell tuned in last night they wrapped
each other presents I don't know I want
to see what you had got each other
really so she kind of knows what's in
there the bath bomb she's saying crying
inside
yeah yeah fuzzy side
I guess yeah it looks like it I'm
looking
eleven it's funny yeah well you do she
opened her last night
you opened yours from them last night
okay more Sephora we need to go there
that was from mum yeah I'm just saying
not to get confused with go to your
mother that bath and Bodyworks
it's like a body mist but what flavor is
it not a flavor I'm kidding guys
it's great on you probably its body
spray sprayed all over you you want to
hand in their stockings oh yeah yeah I'm
like hey Google I have no idea oh not
like well just guess and they can
confuse the confusion and turn around oh
gosh gently
whoa whoa jackpot all right you guys
christmas morning is a wrap and what do
we have going on over here
using designing designing clothes
Christmas outfit oh this is this is um
twisted I'll have to fix that in a
second let show me your Christmas outfit
yeah that's our favorite favorite piece
along with the Hat
okay for everyone Laura I don't know
where these are from hat or Downers
where's your Christmas out but I did her
hair mm-hmm I mean I did her hair that
way because she's mine and because I
straightened it out
legacy touch jeans from garage I think
nope three people three people I think
those from I wouldn't forgotten from
journey but are they what brand are they
are they timberlands no they are
Timberland well done
I am swearing out the pants no we're
like no yeah where are the glasses from
they are Raven where's your face from
great answer we're daddy's outfit of the
day
daddy daddy outfit of the day what are
you wearing outfits okay you're wearing
outfits I don't know
all right guys we are loading up the car
we have our chocolate covered
strawberries are we bringing the
desserts we made yesterday we also have
that movie no you can't have one yet we
have that movie basket and we're ready
to tell you where we're going although
I'm sure on social media you have
probably already seen by now but where
yes Nicole and Brook and rush and
Michael's house and we're spending the
rest of Christmas day with them and
we're going to Christmas dinner with
whether family members and they're like
our family so we're gonna go spend some
time with our family hope we can hang
the stockings up so we're about to load
up we got to go build the basket it's in
the car we got to put it all together
okay you are glowing you are glowing hey
Santa the dogs cannot come in okay no
Brooke likes healthy there's healthy
stuff in there and then rush there's all
kind of junk for you like healthy food
and I do but I pretty much ate five
cookies oh yeah we brought some other
goodies to the Walker covered
strawberries there we go done look at my
two little bones are optimal
that's weird okay you guys here we go
matching who's Dan sells Santa is a girl
to be mrs. Claus Rose mom we're what
decade were you boy yes the game you
like push the sleeves up
all right everybody have to put it on at
least for a picture that's what this is
all about
I don't like a messy bun and I have
slippers and you do it we're wearing
them all day until we have to go
somewhere and then we have to go all
right stay tuned to see some really cute
footage and pictures
you
you're on camera don't say anything bad
about Brooke don't say anything bad
about Brooke we're vloggers anything
about me anymore
I mean anymore oh hey when if he answers
again or if he calls back we got to get
a picture like remember when we
announced we were going to Hawaii do we
have any announcements to make because I
feel like we should announce why oh yeah
we're not going to ye-yes officially why
he said I'll call you in a minute okay
he's playing video probably all right
well we'll get a picture with Hayden in
a second that we're going to Charlotte
North Carolina we are going there go to
rockier comm and find and get tickets
cuz we're going on tour and this guy
will be here yep coming mommy I don't
know we do want to go to New Zealand
these are like warm but we want to keep
them on when we go to dinner
keep your onesies on yes because we
think it would be funny to show up to
dinner and gonna kick us out
perfume which is funny because I don't
really think she does very girly stuff
even though her house is like awesome
and she has cheated no I think she does
very very girly rush was right he was
playing a video game yeah guess which
one was it for at night were you playing
for - okay okay all right let's get the
girls we got to get a picture Brooke
Haley picture time hey number 2
hey hey number two yeah duh all right
get a picture in front of the okay we're
posting all right we're ambushing Hayden
on a picture you're gonna turn him
around
rescue get that again everybody get in
front of the tree wrangle wrangling
these children are difficult like she
needs help
just drag her it's cool what is it the
puppy
see there might be a picture over his
dogs
Haven zone all right guys go with the
girls girls yeah he just got a show his
baby don't sit down it's actually kind
of bounce a little bit
put me down Oh baby thick covering any
space for like 20 seconds like 20
seconds what we do for a picture around
here I know we're all sweating we not go
in this high we are going in this
I can't Katie you're gonna be great all
right we got a little Christmas
basketball going Santa I get Santa nice
shot yeah I want to see this very good
so tall Oh Annie that's too close all
right let me do my lay up
no I would have do a layout you got a
dribble come on you guys I wanna be one
let's go Katie
yeah and you look up when you oh you're
getting close you're here nope singing
it doesn't look bad it's a little chilly
out all right Katy is apparently an
amazing basketball player she played in
high school so yeah she's really good
Brooke yeah not so much
Annie's learning she's naturally
athletic
yeah it's using the cars to pick right
now it's very a big strategy well I went
in but Katie actually made that shot
earlier so that was impressive no and
well Annie and he doesn't know she has
to dribble but besides that she's really
good
I want to see Katie do something amazing
yeah Billy made it they're getting a
little tired that's impressive Katie
layup yeah they're all a little tired
now
Brett come on Brett get you guys get
into the game in the game
Brooke you that's a foul it's called a
foul because you're not allowed to touch
people when you're trying to get them
all okay
you ain't broken and you have to guard
him you can't just let him shoot you got
to get on him
mr. nosy good play Russia's a bit of a
ball hog apparently well its neighbors
oh you guys that was amazing jumps both
of you air ball are you blogging yeah I
am I'm the assistant for tele vlogger no
Haley Haley really get yourself over
here Haley they need you the girls need
you really bad it's a they're having a
really hard time yeah Haley's here
Haley's here Brooke so you guys are
gonna do I tell them okay this is looks
dangerous don't you don't try this at
home do not anyone no one try this at
home
ever all right me take the block higher
make the ball a daddy I got you out
holding on you look scared and tough
Haley on the court
Wow pretty good head and just for the
record and he did make a shot I was much
better when the camera was ah I felt a
little pressure when the camera went on
we're about to go to Christmas dinner we
had to get a little game of bball in all
right Annie you got it you got it you
know you have to dribble you have to
dribble pass it to Daddy you got it
don't drop him she get it yeah oh no too
high you got it you got it
yeah you're shooting with two hands here
look you the ball in your left hand here
my hands that big one one you're only
used one hand a shoot the other ones to
support the ball like it's you like yeah
she's like I just wanted to throw the
ball up and hope it goes in I'm giving
it to you it's like five feet taller
than you shoot it from there as he gets
closer he's gonna like slam it back in
your face oh that would have been great
if you'd made it alright it's Christmas
dinner Christmas we all were in our
onesies because that's how we roll but
we brought our clothes like I would walk
into like a stranger's house and onesie
but people you know we don't know them
so they're strangers to us oh so we're
gonna rock these onesies
these are homemade really oh my god the
dog said look at this dog food this is
Bluebell this is a new and we're gonna
try to seal them but I think they'd know
you tell them how many dogs are here say
eight seven what's that anymore
there's one doesn't like is loves me so
much there's so much like these two my
bear welcome to the van everybody in
dinner was delicious now we're now we're
loading up loading up a nanny singing
Christmas songs you can only sing
Christmas songs for like five more hours
yeah we have you all all right so now
we're heading back to their health they
told us you know how to go back you can
show them but I'm really bad ass
direction and they never like so we're
gonna all right we're gonna go back and
watch movies right yeah and videos you
know I know I know it's a little weird
what we're gonna watch so okay well tell
you that it health class yes its seventh
grade and Brookes been dying to show
that a 3 oz for Annie and she needs to
know cuz did you show version before I
watched it and you know what yeah I
already knew when I was 3
alright so and then we're gonna watch
legit movies but that's what we're doing
no we haven't done the question of the
day but I heard penny was being told
that this wasn't her bed
they all snuggled and watched the movie
with us oh please like you want me to
say what was tonight Christmas oh can
you believe it
Christmas music will only last another
hour and 45 minutes so get your
Christmas music in and I think that
should be the question today what's your
favorite Christmas songs what all I want
for Christmas is you or a holy night
it's 10:15 yeah oh that's a good one
rush yeah I do like all but my what is
that Becca huh
I know that when I just can't think I
was called going with hallelujah
Brooke baby's going to salty that's a
good one too well and into a great day
thanks for having us that is horrible
news we're gonna go to bed
I'm coming down below your favorite
Christmas music because we won't be
hearing them until the day after
Thanksgiving good night guys see you
tomorrow Annie already went to bed but I
think her favorite Christmas song was
probably one of the ones we named
tomorrow's not Christmas is that the
saddest thing yeah good night guys to
celebrate
based on baby
thanks for watching
Vitaliy
