today I'm Bailey Mike who's calling me
from camp it is it's Annie hello hi yeah
we are starting our day off right well
my day started off Hailey's already had
breakfast it's gone to lunch we're
getting a little Chipotle start hanging
out outside and then Haley and I are
gonna go shopping because it's another
day with heavy construction
there's walls being knocked down cuz
daddy decided to get another wall
knocked down upstairs we'll show you
later what you see
so we'll show you the Vols we decided at
the last minute to get knocked down
upstairs but Hailey and I needed to get
out of the house those boys apparently
don't mind being man it's too loud for
us girls Bailey's got gym today so we
decided to yes so showing early oh I
decided that I need a new vlogging
camera because it's that time of year
again I've been filming with this red
one and I heard that there's a better
one out there it's got a little camera
that our screen that flips up up on top
of a camera they can't see where I'm
pointing but I'm pointing up on top it
comes up so that if you're filming
yourself you can see I'll get it
heard me you can see yourself you're
filming like you know how when you film
with my phone you can see yourself well
I think it'll make it easier so when you
guys are filming so we're gonna try no
it flips from the front like this is the
camera the screen would come up here so
when you're holding the camera like this
hold it and you're holding it like that
and filming the screens up here you can
see yourself in it and there's like
something that filmed you right here
yeah it still looks like this camera
it's just a better version of this one
with full and it's not red 1080 HD it's
not red it's black but it'll be fun
it'll be fun
yeah we looked at it a couple months ago
and I didn't do it I didn't get it but
you know
we got to keep our cameras in good shape
for you guys so you get a pretty video
we're playing with birds when we're
supposed to be eating hmm we've got them
totally outside patio all to ourselves
Haley's juggling with one orange really
Haley that's not juggling that's just
called throwing or even there
behold the old and this what's up is
that gonna be perfect Janice instead of
course this we all come to Best Buy guys
and this reminds me of Toshi every time
I come to Best Buy I get reminded of my
precious little angels oh no like no
this one doesn't have any white but come
on it's dope fresh well any hate when I
think of prayer or say pressure so that
reminds me of Annie who I miss so much
when she watches at camp I think this is
it speaking of back to cameras enough
enough talk about Annie
thank you save the Wonder Wheel into
camera here you get so sidetracked yeah
okay how do you turn it on that's a good
idea let's test it out yeah turn it on
but we need to do this one cuz that one
that one's not a good price that one's
crazy price what is it way too much
ninety nine hundred and forty nine
dollars and ninety nine cents no thank
you thing
alright we're testing out the new camera
right how do you think it's gonna work I
just have it on hello dogfight I just
have it on an auto right now I'll play
around with it for a little bit yeah new
bathing suit and a new camera yeah and
then we'll see if like if everybody can
notice and new bubbles so we're gonna go
outside and play with some bubbles and
film with another camera
okay wait wanted to see if we can how
the selfie selfie screen works do you
see her
yeah hold it and film yourself don't
drop the new camera doesn't work yeah
we're good easier that way yeah let me
say that's pretty cool
good luck
I'm gonna jump wings and donate any 20
fell okay let's go and jump into a lake
ready ready you tell me - because I'm
really a little scared yeah
yeah I'm really really serious I am
gonna jump in doodle doodle do put your
arms are free no it's not one tree trail
it's not water jump on it is that
cheating now yes so you can throw that
in I'm gonna let the dogs out here with
us okay they might want to go for a swim
nicely done
yep think I'm diggin the camera think
I'm diggin the camera just playing
around with that guys sorry okay here
they go they're getting in
sure
well not like fake jumpin when he's got
a mouthful of seaweed
whinny when they went to catch where is
she
Winnie come show me your D weed mouth
turn around what you do
ready hey coming no you can't come out
this way she okay
Russia oh you scared me Winnie go to
where you know how to get up you can't
try to get up on ladders I love to watch
her back feet girl he's even get a shot
of it when she's swimming her back feet
are adorable
you're gonna walk now so out the wait
till she comes next time he doe cute
Oh slippery rocks yes you're gonna swim
without a life jacket so what's this for
okay ready spaghetti hope she's already
going look who's calling me from camp
it's Annie hello hi you're on we're
filming say hi to everybody and say hi
to Haley she's swimming without our
lifejacket on she wants you don't know
what are you doing tell me all about it
really for Caleb's birthday fun are you
getting enough sleep at night are you
tired yeah it's a busy days you did
almost by yourself congratulations and I
saw your double backs that you sent me
okay we love you Tyler bye Haley bye
she's going to some ice cream party I
know you'll be old enough next year if
you really want to try to go remember if
you get to go next year Andy didn't get
to go till she was 10 so you should feel
special well I'm spending time with out
with you out here just me and you you
didn't have a fun day oh my goodness I
had a fun day I don't even remember
either I guess I'll have to watch this
video and find out what we did went to
Target and Best Buy you went to
gymnastics virgin Chapel a
we swam in here we've had a long day
I've got I got a lot of footage because
I've been playing around with my new
camera all day I have to say I think I
like it
yeah I heard you can do it can you touch
you touch yeah that's why you don't want
to get too far out so that you can
always swim
you need to practice treading water do
you know what treading water means
swimming in one place without touching
that way you can come up for a breath
and tread water and then go under again
and swim if you can't touch you got to
take breaks pull her out like it's there
what what did you find yourself on
Winnie it's popping over Winnie I'm not
surprised at all
how'd she get aren't you just swam up it
yeah
was that fun Winnie look at her oh she's
not paddling them this time they're just
behind her darn it I missed again
so right now I am going upstairs because
a look at it mommy I don't have shoes on
oh and that's gonna be hard to get here
oh my gosh can I sell it yeah like hey
will you push the buttons
can't you show them the wall huh
this is what Dad he decided to do double
and that wall gone
gonna be open wide up here oh my
goodness so that's what's going on I
think we already show you this part but
they've got the doorframe now that's
where the doors are gonna go yeah yeah I
think they're still gonna be a door
there yeah your shelves like well
they're gonna cover this up this will be
gone that'll be pretty and they're gonna
knock your countertop out and you're
gonna get a new counter I think you're
gonna get new tile the stuff you're
standing on mmm no no new tile
I don't want that tile I guess they
would have pulled it up already maybe
you're keeping the tile maybe it's not
so bad
just got some green in it Green's not
bad but we'll paint it I think and get a
new cam all right we gotta get out she's
taking her bath
Beibei thanks for watching Britt Haley
