good morning my kids think we're going
to the dentist today really sad because
I said did you brush your teeth and wait
look if I tell you to brush your teeth
all the time today
did you wash your teeth make sure you
brush your teeth no I really good said
go brush make sure you brush your teeth
like I always do and then you came back
down and I said did you brush your teeth
and you said yes exactly like I told the
girls that I would tell them what you're
doing today once they got upstairs and
got dressed so first first there's two
things that we're doing today well
actually a couple none of them are going
to the dentists hey boys
well one boy you could probably confuse
them I said hi boy I thought you're both
done here Luke's around here somewhere
you lost Luke Caleb yeah Haley they want
to hear what we're doing today okay so
first we are not going to visit Santa
Jean okay we are going to FaceTime one
of your cousins that you don't really
know you never met but it's her birthday
today and she's turning three and she
loves to watch you guys on your videos
then we're not very good dancing and
after we do that weird
we are later this afternoon we're gonna
go see well you the girls the boys are
gonna go see Jurassic world and you guys
are do know the girls are gonna go see
the minions movie surprise what wasn't
that's Western about like yeah I'm
really excited there
she's turning 3 and her she does not
know it's a surprise
but she watches you guys and at one time
like when Annie told her that you guys
were cousins she didn't believe nany she
didn't know that we were ties in man
that cute so you do have a lot of
cousins a lot of cousins that you've
never even met before but you're about
to meet her right now technology is a
that database so we're not going to did
really think we're going to the dentist
every time you're saying we wouldn't
have gotten dressed if you said oh I
thought it was gonna be a bad news
look we are wait wait wait you just say
that you wouldn't have listened to me
hello friendly can you see me getting
ready to FaceTime Madeline yeah okay
let's fix his hair literally girls
literally wait
yet do not doing like a mohawk in the
middle yeah that's the good stuff
yeah yeah like yeah like yeah like yeah
I think yeah okay so I don't recognize
that boy
can you do the splits so much that she's
gonna do this but please you let it burn
do it
police is gonna do it
Caleb can do that yeah well you can't do
that hi Aubree
okay thanks for calling that was
adorable
Bernadette Annie they were shy they're
like why why are they on the bone that
was so much fun who's ready to go see
the minions who's ready to go see dress
world you're scared of that movie -
seven right we do the official
measurement of who's taller mommy or
Caleb he's telling me to take my shoes
off cuz he thinks if these are gonna
give me some height yeah she's good she
she's a cheater
okay I'm winning
make sure you pat his hair down I just
like to did yours how you gonna know
whose is whose
Jamie he's taller oh well you're up
you're he's taller by exactly a quarter
of an inch
by anbu now I finally know how it looks
when looking down you don't look down on
me hit him
you're not that much taller
no check no be like 80 something
I have to be able to grab my inhaler but
you don't have an inhaler so we just
went and saw Jurassic world doing you my
dad did the girls went to say see
minions as we've told you before and
well now next thing on our list is to go
see a professional baseball game and we
got really good seats we're sitting
right above the home team's dugouts I
could not think the words there for a
second
so yeah and
yes I'll see you guys after game or at
mid game start what is starting right
now
you ready yet I'm ready ready to catch
the ball again you better be ready now
because we're right here by the bloody
action so there's the batter and it's
going to be quick
so it's the visiting and scores
Oh your phone it's all his fault
horn factors in yelling everybody
oh um I just got back from the game as
against no and well as you guys already
know the game ended and we lost and now
stuff is happening no I came here home
thinking that the girls were gonna wrap
up with me
but they are already asleep car driver
hey pipsqueak okay
get away and well they're already asleep
yeah yeah it's just stuck with me again
let alone me huh so Kirsten the day is
what do you do when someone says you're
too young or old for something of course
I step on their toes and then just dart
away you know and then start into
whatever I couldn't get into because I
said I couldn't get into it and then
yeah no serious answer I would really
care you know whatever doesn't bother me
if someone says I'm too young or old for
something because you know then I'll
just step on their toes and run away
right so anyways guys come down below
because we don't know the cause of the
day is what do you do if someone says
you're too young or old or something
anything what do you do and I guess
we'll see you guys tomorrow and it is
time for speed Piper Piper be speedy or
come on my bathroom yeah hi begin yeah
yeah yeah if I prefer I need you to do
something for me sit
you just said you just set you're bad at
this really bad at this game sit no
Piper oh come on
sit yeah yeah come use it and press the
gamma sit pepper sit thank you shake
shake shake
you know what I want you to do shake
shake
lay down now come and you way too much
thanks for watching Britt Taylor
