time for my tally
good morning guys it's demo day and
right behind us they are going to film
that walk
yep they're prepping laying out like the
tarps and they're taking down doors well
we're getting ready to leave we're gonna
take you to Jim and Caleb and Haley and
I are going to them somewhere to be
that's a little quieter and he's really
tired
over here yawn we're waiting on Lydia
hair right we're taking her to Jim today
and so we didn't do a sleepover we let
the girls get some rest so we're just
kind of waiting for watching Andy does
what tired I don't look that easy all
right when we get home today there might
be a wall this house may be in utter
chaos it's gonna be fantastic driveway
and look look but crazy yeah should we
show them yeah you sure yeah okay oh my
gosh oh oh my gosh our wall is down like
all the deserted laundry room wall dude
no turning back now gotta go inside I
don't I'm so scared I wanna see like
there's no going back now like it's done
okay cool they put the wall back thank
you have a puzzle a line rewind oh my
gosh what did we get ourselves in do
let's go yes
and he's missing all the fun
yeah wait for me
oh gosh what did we do Haley whoa no
bare feet okay I got shoes on here as
rules no bare people walk it out and one
other things really gonna show you
something
see how I got no nail sticking out stay
away from the wood because there's a
thousand one nails all over the place
okay
body getting hurt yes sir that's crazy
it looks so different I am going to zip
it back up and look at that that crazy
construction zone looks so different in
there like I didn't even almost
recognize it all
it's like totally normal right here you
got the rules little bare feet
see if daddy's on here no oh you might
have been outside we saw it so my room
got a little junky because all the
laundry had to come in here and the
noise not so bad
do you feel out could you do school in
here are you like out of the other house
there's plumbing in there I knew they'd
find stuff in those walls there was you
thought they found mold and how it
looked okay it looks so crazy in there
you can't even recognize it when you
walk in and then we walk through house
and just as always yes we're saying it's
not house hunters it's like yeah yeah
we're not house when property brothers
they do always find something wrong they
found some harming here there was some
there was some um what's what am i
what's the word I'm looking for are
piping in the walls that they have to
now take out it didn't even look like
our house when we walked out it was
crazy and then we walk through here and
it looked normal
look really weird we pulled up in the
driveway and we're like ah no turning
back now we saw all the stuff out there
and I'm like what did we do especially
cuz now look at my room it looks like it
threw up huh Oh bang bang he annoyed yet
we're like stuck in the room watching
some baseball listening to banging that
loud Haley oh I want to go watch them my
allowed to do that we should I don't
think he's doing anything yeah he's just
banging Mochis Alex didn't work yeah he
wants doesn't think he's working in
there
actually pretty the band does that nice
timing why were you crying no reason and
I got a little teary eyed we were
remembering all our favorite Taylor
Swift songs so on the way home from
gymnastics we found our absolute
favorite one which is never grow up and
and he's like intently listening to it
we're just seeing and all of a sudden
she's like I'm not crying and I looked
over and she's like teary-eyed
alright so Andy's gonna get our first
look how the house right
yeah still here I think our dumpster
didn't come today so I guess they'll put
that in tomorrow
that wasn't the pantry that's the
laundry room stuff oh you got to watch
your step
and there's a rule you had cants what
happened don't trip
oh my I know where's everything it's
kind of scary in here so cute like a
pantry
those were the pantries I think I can't
they ripped everything down day one of
demolition scary watch where you're
walking Annie oh this is weird
all right up on the walls it's cold
let's let me see let's see in here it's
gone tore it all out cuz that's coming
down I'm making a door there for laundry
mm-hmm that's gonna be a door what's
this this is gonna be closed right here
right no here this comes down I think so
this will be closed right here this
won't be here that'll be closed and
you'll come over here this will be a big
mudroom
all of this will be this will be open
and you'll come into the house through
there doesn't even look like our house
it looks really tiny
well it's cuz it's sectioned off I think
we can get in from here and the kitchen
oh yeah right there it's open so we
still have a kitchen
yep we made it
hey guys we're home we just toured the
house did you guys see it
have you it's crazy in there oh my god
anybody wave about nope nope I waited
was on my way about my own person like
that waiting for somebody to give me a
stupid look hmm
he's used to this oh no no one wants to
see that first year ago I infected with
an earring like she's like this to go
see Ezra that guy just waved at me yeah
so we had to get out of the house cuz we
don't have anywhere to like eat I kind
of difficult well we'll work on eating
at home in the construction later
tonight tonight we're going with Luke
Luke and his family I don't know what
we're gonna do yet and here are these
grandparents I think we're good man
since morning
Oh think we're gonna eat there that
grill out or something or go get
something but that's what my mom can
cook on the rule right now she can I
don't know she knows how to I can I
think your mom without a girl my dad I
do with her she didn't hear that Luke
did not just say that Luke thinks you
cook Caleb really give it up no one is
waving that person gave you these are
the same people that you didn't wave the
first time
oh uh Kayla what do you guys think of
the hell how loud was it you were there
mother
so loud that was like the most annoying
what's like a caballo caballo yeah oh
yeah and Luke sitting in the car seat I
forgot to mention that
oh oh oh joy yeah Oh moving I can find
new friends kayla was waving to Brandon
people were free
who will wait to win
I'm on my way back way back Oh where'd
you guys find turtles hi little Gus
squirtle he's so cute but your name Oh
foxes
mr. buck stars old boxer Did you touch
him Haley no one said that you should
just leave him where they were going
which direction was he going that's what
we heard was sitting right there in the
hole I don't think you can sit there
okay
I don't like you're going in the hole hi
you're at week's house and you see this
turtle right here yep you see a throne
right here it laid an egg it's not very
nice do you get total well we found it
off from its egg it laid an egg anyway
and it is um looks very old they're
gonna leave that on there old why do you
look old because it's not moving you can
just take what happened Danny
here how did you get that I think it was
Danny didn't get enough to eat over
there with her steak and her salad of
her own accord or a salad no there's
more challenge she's like don't mind if
I do
go grandma no pressure for some fun my
drink is gone nothing to see here
right it was it was plan that way okay I
put that down that's what happened when
you film and eat don't do it kids what
happened what are we doing lead one
outside your foot again really keep like
a constipated and egg-laying fool this
turtle what's he doing why just shovel
me home where the thing supposed to go
you know are they in the oh yeah they
are in their home or little turtles just
trying to protect your baby eggs and any
Barry look buried them didn't matter you
have to move I'm not gonna take your
babies I just want to see the eggs he's
walking away can you see where you going
he's waiting for them to hatch
eggs I go away where they are oh we're
gonna have this baby here why are you
going in your whoa tomorrow ready little
God hatch one yeah yeah just a baby
trouble egg some eggs
there's a baby kernel and bounty should
be that deep I don't know I don't know
anything about it never know one has to
do that Luke good so the turtle didn't
do that no Luke alright take it out so
you put the third one in for the fourth
one in D yeah no go look it up online
and see what it's supposed to be how the
heck of the turtles supposed to get out
of the hole yeah who'd like not my
problem
so one of my new coaches was on American
Ninja Warrior and his episode will come
episode this episode is on not just us
but outlook but his night is this night
I've got a hard look like we're gonna
watch it before we cheer for her all
that jazz see if he made it on now
remember these are ones we've already
done before
but to answer it again right okay we did
that one we are did it all them which do
you like better email or regular mail
and why email like regular mail why I
get a big hit stuff okay it's like
physically in her hand like like like
would you rather have to write something
and give it to someone you would have to
open it or do it on the phone nobody
knows the difference like a regular mail
like surprises
you wanna do you want a letter or do you
want an email on the computer yeah I
think she knows what we're talking about
what do you what about you regular mail
I'd rather an email hi because I can
just delete it and it's gone
I don't like throw it in the trash and
make this earth way dirtier right right
anyways don't forget to calm down looks
we want an eloquence today would you
rather email or regular mail and why ah
ready to see if coach Nate makes it yeah
to the night guys Andy aw he may I mean
he made it to America Ninja Warrior
he made it on the show but you know they
don't always show everybody on the
actual episode so we're gonna see and
we're gonna hope and we're gonna cheer
for him then when we see him tomorrow at
gym we're gonna say good job right no
matter what was we don't know if he made
it on to the next round
dumb dumb dumb when he was gone for like
a week so are you using clues okay see
you tomorrow hey but he said he was
training for next year hmm
we don't know all right let's take baby
thanks for watching
Britt Ailey
