good morning let's make some coffee good
morning guys what is up welcome to as if
along today we got our morning coffee
and we have the cutest little cup it's a
dog thing I didn't know we have a
dachshund at my parents house seems Toby
and he's the cutest thing ever and I
love him so anyways he isn't very very
very busy day but I'm very excited so
this morning I had a workout with Janine
Shelby and Remy that was really fun
hustled home took a shower and got ready
I'm still doing my hair to air dry or do
something cuz this I don't know what
this is someone's coming so here's the
OOTD I'm wearing Mia's top from brandy
melville and this skirt from forever 21
we love for the prices oh my god my
little chunk and we just say like this
whole corner looks like a kid's playroom
like we literally there's so many toys
good morning my little babe good morning
what are we here what's a sign is Ashley
a sign premiere you're free oh my god
you guys also oh my god something went
real wrong when we were trying to prep
for filming one of my favorite coffee
cups which is the morning sunshine I've
literally had this thing for years
r.i.p what happened oh no oh no dang it
was this not focus all time it didn't
make it let's just say a prank gone
wrong that's all we can say what prank
did I say prank no okay well actually
let's talk about this so Alicia is so
smart let's just let's say you know what
let's let's this week's video is most
definitely a prank video which means
it's a roommate boys video and you guys
have been wanting this for so long cuz
it's been since Christmas that I've done
one I should have uploaded this video on
this past Sunday but I thought I had
another week before April Fool's when I
looked at the calendar one day just one
one random day it realized was like oh
my god
April Fool's lands on a Sunday and I was
like I can't upload my prank video the
day of April Fool's cuz that's pointless
because no one would get ideas for
pranks so we're hustling to get the
video done I wanted to get it up today
Wednesday so that way you like you guys
still had time to see it before I go
Fool's and then now looking at my
schedule to see just that I am pretty
busy lately it's a Wednesday today we're
not gonna get it up today so I'm hoping
I can upload it Friday but dang so
frustrating oh my god guys also why
my gosh these smell amazing they look
amazing all I want to do is eat
literally all of them like all 12
although I don't even want to imagine
how many calories that is okay Siri how
many calories are in one Krispy Kremes
glazed donut okay okay we're good we're
good
oh my god okay there are according to
this website which I have no idea if
it's valid 200 calories oh my god you
guys I swear though the screen before
that literally said a thousand calories
and I was a bit I was gonna be shook I
was gonna be so freakin shucks that's
that's like a cheese cake slicing what
about you guys don't care probably don't
care but what am i doing update time
guys we've been having a blast filming
this video it honestly has been so fun
also
there's just one prank that involves a
sandwich and I'm not kidding ash and I
are literally like willingly eating it
it tastes good you know I bought new
hummus and it's roasting garlic huh got
a real good also I told Ashley that
those donuts for 200 calories and she
was like no they're 350 calories
apparently a sign said that I was there
the story last night it was a huge line
it took me like I think 45 minutes and I
was staring at the signs and I'm pretty
sure it's at 350
well for chocolate or like the late I'm
pretty sure it was ugly I don't know
oh no no keep eating the Oreo clothes
black and white over yo to the Double
Stuf black and white like a ninja money
money
this is us procrastinating filming yeah
yeah oh my god wait hi babe I love you
she wasn't nothing I behind-the-scenes
for my vlog viewers ash they they need
to see oh my son
they need to see behind-the-scenes what
do you do I knew you were doing sentence
you're like attitude I'm here that was
beautiful
you guys I just ate this oh my god
literally so freaking it grows day it
looks so good it's proves aren't always
as they appear why'd you just now tell
me I'd chocolate on my face I talk on my
face for the past like hour
my hair's already gotten so long I eat
it trim that's crazy
Ashley I are currently headed to this
like a little event thing whitefox
boutique and it's just like for a
gifting like Alicia's my queen I saw her
last for like a brief second very second
now never here again we've been here for
hours
really yeah like I feel like I know in
Reverse you better enter the raffle
there's like you can want to move in
here very bad we picked up some clothes
I am so excited they were supposed to be
there just like picking anything you
love them so much
they're doing ear piercings right here
and Ashton I really really really really
want to get our ears bruised but we're
not sure because like it's a closed
circuit I'm gonna cart which may but
this is the side this would be better
they said might be better oh my gosh H
so exciting I'm so sad why didn't have
time to get my ear pierced and I really
really really wanted to then pretty much
every single thing that I had chosen was
out of like they were out of all the
sizes so I was like no but I did get
some sunglasses and a really cute little
fanny pack I was a little well sad
because there were these pants that I
wanted so bad so I got these sunglasses
and then I got these sunglasses they're
both black like Who am I what and yes
like I know I don't need any more
sunglasses but I don't have me like this
for free so caption are actually
starving right now and I have a nail
appointment with Mia my nails are like
so bad so we're gonna run to Gelson's
which is like some it's literally like a
grocery store like I just realize not
everyone knows what Gelson's is I was
like gonna get like a little snack or
something or tree shopping adventured I
am so hungry literally so hungry also
this is my shopping outfit I think I'm
gonna pull a rim and get some sashimi
awesome tuna and salmon right here and I
think I think that sounds amazing
what about to get my nails done and I
kind of kind of really wanna get this
blue color it's the first time I'm
really like boo maybe I shouldn't get
white right now my god you can see how
Overground my nails are it's like kind
of embarrassing maybe pink I literally
could not remember the last time I had
blue nail polish oh hi
this is like throwback right
gosh you guys I can't I'm literally
history has been made it has literally
been that probably probably a good
almost four years war oh my god I'm
crazy four years for three four years of
getting a white nail polish with the
occasional light light light pink nail
polish the very occasional and I'll just
show you something that is current
better you ready ready 1 2 and done
we're we're getting pizza by the way oh
my gosh oh my gosh oh my gosh oh my gosh
oh my gosh oh my gosh oh my gosh oh my
gosh oh my gosh what this is not my hand
this is not my hand
what is this normal
I think it's not normal but then I hope
it normal I'm not used to this this is
crazy it looks so good look at my
freakin slip-ups my current situation
right now oh thank you is this gross
like this is like a like gross what are
we doing what are we doing do nails and
we're about to like I told them about
the piercing today I was talking to me
and she was like let's go I was like
good now we're both getting piercings
and I'm kind of freaking out I'm a
little nervous I'm like not bad nervous
I'm just a little nervous but it's at a
tattoo shop
we should get tattooed yes currently
getting piercings right now wait I
missed it oh my god what do we wet I'm
excited I didn't give me a nice solid
big deep breath in
I saw a big birthday oh my god yeah
jewelry's in gonna bender back target
adventures yeah still in this fits we
are at Target anyways I'm oily yes no I
need target adventures I should get some
blotting sheets so weird coming to
target at night cuz there's no one here
Lamia yeah I literally feel like I have
like four vlogs probably titled like me
at Woking and target usually me
following you oh my god gingersnaps wait
do you remember when you were getting
your hair done and I eat a whole bunch
of ginger snaps like while I was waiting
3 hours for you to get your hair done
got 6 2 minutes until they closed oh my
god I want don't need but I want I used
to have these all the friggin time oh so
good
spontaneous nights we spontaneously got
blue nails they spontaneously we went to
Pisa red we went there we were so just
like let's go and then we got our ears
peers like should we go
should we I should go and then we're
like let's go
you're like let's get piercings and then
like let's go to Target because I'm a
bat first we were like we have to do
piercings or Target we could do both Mia
we've definitely been down this aisle
before and you know I don't think you're
sorry I'm just saying I'm just saying I
don't think you're I don't think you're
that dude you need a triple berry but
what happens when you come to one thing
I think I'm just waiting until I go to
my target this is my daughter it feels
different
I need a thumb no we got the good we got
the good so this is what it looks like
to be a vlogger in public see as she's
just by herself the camera and see how
it looks awkward I was saying this is
what it looks like to be a vlogger my
feet are starting to hurt to chat up for
my target boots that I got during vlog
with some great bagging bagging we do
some oh great digging it what's it
called that you're doing
some some skills just got home and I am
really tired I just want to end this
vlog thank you guys so much for watching
hopefully I can get up soon for you guys
I'm a little behind of my vlogs right
now but I'll get up soon anyways I love
you guys so much and I'll see you this
video oh my god I have blue I'm still
not used to this I'm literally not uses
this is crazy okay okay
