another vlog another day of Alicia
running super late what else is new what
up guys today is Sunday it is Sunday
August 27th it is 12:30 3 p.m. and I
should have left for the airport about
10 minutes ago no realistically 30
minutes ago but like I know we'll be
fine because I'm always just like
pushing stuff so I'm like we should
leave like right now car is on his way
to come pick us up super exciting I'm
actually doing a shoot today with
Hollister well today actually tomorrow
doing a shoot with Hollister I'm really
excited we were going to Big Sur and
I've never been been ever the Big Sur
I've heard it's beautiful though so I'm
really excited this was one of the
shoots that I told you guys and a few
vlogs ago it was really exciting but it
won't tell you yet but well now it's
been later so I'm gonna tell you locking
everything up I was looking for a
battery hey do you know where that extra
batteries are for the camera the side
got it thank you
obviously we have the necessities for a
airplane day oh yes ok so I look like a
fetus that's cool you almost forgot your
Starbucks I also asked summary to come
with me so I'm excited because it makes
life a lot easier when you have someone
there you know just world support 5
agiels been with me every other time to
us that's always so nice I brought my
laptop I have headphones I don't have my
Apple headphones where my apple
headphones I think Ashlee used them
upstairs
hopefully we don't miss our flight
because I would really suck
hi oh hey guys so right now we are doing
some behind the scenes of say shoot
really excited we have some presents and
can we talk about this talk of wrapping
paper because that's really what we do
this is the Platinum here not this is so
good
so just had lunch and we're gonna get
some cute good morning world you guys oh
my gosh I just got like a like a
flashback deja vu moment and it gave me
gave me sad vibes you guys are like what
are you even talking about stuff you can
tell I'm currently in a hotel room with
some BOTS lighting every youtuber
appreciates some bomb lighting the
apologies for not vlogging the past few
days I did tell you that I was actually
doing an exciting shoots and shoot with
Hosler the other day and I got
permission to show you guys some behind
the scenes so there is some footage but
you guys probably saw where you're gonna
see beyond that was so much fun and then
I was exhausted because I came back
10:30 at night do you pack for a week
trip of tour left super early the next
morning almost miss our flight
I am currently in Dallas Texas me and I
are being guests for the girls that in
shows obviously it's like super crazy
being in Texas because of the hurricane
and everything like seriously some of
the pictures and videos and footage that
I've seen is like actually heartbreaking
so it's even more weird being here in
other news means yeah you're looking so
cute and I'm looking what can you teach
me how you my iPhone whatever gets that
sparkly is a glitter I like how you
don't have to say any time you're on our
way to the venue
it was at the oh yeah whoa yo this is
where I got my pedicure or right over
there this morning that's really funny
hello I am you scammer I'm reporting
from follow my tinder
guys no one came
oh my god you guys the show was so good
everyone killed it seriously like me and
I are going through some gifts right now
it's weird it's great especially like
someone's like that do-do-do-do-do we
got oh we got some Papa wait low-key I'm
gonna put all this in Rob's bunk and
he's gonna hate me because last year he
always had it everywhere oh thank you
Thank You Juliet oh my god I love how
you guys know me so uh
cutest thing good morning Dallas Texas
so much caramel
it's a great morning oh we got the usual
as of lately an iced almond milk latte
with caramel drizzle and oatmeal so we
are currently chilling at the Starbucks
hey guys what is up obviously I am back
at home I'm so excited this vlog was all
over the place that I really wanted to
still upload the vlog of my past week
it's been crazy but I'm back home I'm so
pumped for vlog so I'm actually going to
end this vlog so I can start vlogging
today but yeah I love you guys and I'll
see you tomorrow new book
