good morning guys
I am literally so tired Oh bless this is
what I need this is on me alright so
right now I'm about to sit and edit I
have a ton of editing to do so today is
Sunday which means I'm uploading a video
for you guys and guess what yesterday
this time so crazy budges literally
forgot to edit like I hadn't event I had
to go to you and then when I came back
to me it was here and then we were
hanging out and let's try it really late
and then now I'm like oh my god I didn't
even edit at all so I have a ton of
editing right now for today's video
luckily I already have stuff I already
have a lot of it's done from earlier the
least
I'm really glad about but I'm like y'all
like what happened I'm just forget that
in the video so I'm going to be here for
the next 4 hours literally 4 hours we
got this wish more like you guys we're
good here
wait this is cute I should snapchat this
I'm so annoying I'll update you guys in
a bit literally three hours later the
video is up you guys oh my god bless the
end of it let's show you the beginning
or the thumb oh yeah yeah video is up
honestly like I love this video it
reminds me of like my videos from last
year and I'm just like love everything
about it
I'm like really happy with it so you
should go watch it also made this like
cute little intro and it's so funny
because this is my desk like right here
so it was like me editing I like have
the idea to do that I thought it was
like crazy inception now I can go get
ready
so looking like a major feat as my hair
is so crazy he's actually a very very
exciting day you don't even know you're
going to know but you don't know I am
filming a collab with someone that I've
never collapse before you guys are going
to be so excited because I never knew
how much like crossover me and this
other person had until like we met and
like seriously you guys have been
waiting for this club for the longest
time they're going to be coming over in
a few hours after you ready public tune
up a little bit I'm not going to tell
you who's good but you're gonna find out
real quick
oh I always feel so good once the video
gets I'm starving I've not had breakfast
let's go get some food I think I
actually have a problem there's so many
coffee cups right here is that gross I
don't wear limit I mean this is mine
today yeah I need to bring those dancers
anyways we're about to do my makeup
let's starts time laughs in three two
one
you
film makeup done Paragon room is clean
it is currently Tillman seven literally
all I want to do is go swimming later
because it is so nice outside today oh
you guys look who I'm Oh oh my god
thank you my god yes since we hung out
you've inspired me of my Instagram game
we talked about yeah yeah when I see a
wall and I'm like that wall would be a
good picture I was so proud of you me
and Rylan we've been literally what
we'll take a trip and we'll be like oh
let's take an institution and we like to
take pictures you don't know how happy
that guys we are collabing this is this
is this is the sign of a good collab I
just want to show you the desk literal
marshmallow with oh my god I like yours
inside your position because we watched
me and Ron we watched releases every
single blonde great to be in her house
is so weird after even watching it and
we've catch ourselves I keep singing
your intro song in front of you I keep
playing hmm
did I forget I look crazy today see
there's two different
well there's also Betsy I can actually
just move our plane first yeah yeah are
the more like sophisticated travel like
blogger esque and my crack in your world
the fact that I'm not sitting here with
a coffee drink that has a caramel swirl
on it what is that what are you drinking
oh my god iced almond latte with caramel
drizzle my gut because I used to get
something no a latte but I realize those
like you know what I don't care for the
vanilla like sweetener as much as I do
the caramel and I'd much rather splurge
on the caramel I love yours so God just
don't care
jeez a few guys update time collab went
so good so sorry good to see you this
video like I'm not kidding like oh so
excited huh Marie and I are currently
about to get some dinner some winners
like lunch and Late Late Late lunch yeah
I'm excited it's one of the yes when you
fail miserably at vlogging and showing
the food that you got this is the one
clip that you get our guys Club yeah
okay that's how she gets on the bed
every night she is like jump on the
stool and then jump okay
oh my god we are going to be executing
huh let's go swimmin hey Club do you
want to go swimming I don't think you do
oh we need a haircut so bad babe we can
take new instance oh yes
take instance for your Instagram have
you been posted a little sassy thing I
love you and we need a bathing suit
oh my god well oh my god you know is it
a worm I don't know what that is I'm
really hoping it's a stick but I don't
think it's a stick oh my god you that's
like a huge freaking were must grow
we're just not going to go that I was
going to go around here this shirt is a
little booby so I apologize for that the
shirt this bikini though wait I'm trying
to come closer to you this is work
trying to come up to the step we're good
dang it I'm probably so close to the hit
right now it's like okay I needed this
so bad how do you do
this is a five minute in target vlog are
you ready for this guys ready are you
ready mean alright I always bum but um
but I'm some and look where we are but
no I'm not gonna buy anything Alicia oh
dang it's like real picked over like
this was people are starting like next
week
good question of the day when do you go
back to school comment below
I got a suitcase for tomorrow's video
actually a lot of random things I need
for the video so let's get that by
Suzuki lunchbox did I really think I
said suitcase whoa
Wow I am tired kala I honestly had no
even done make it because I'm always
needed make a play and I need lasha too
and you always need lashes how cute this
is a giant like Target basket oh my god
what do you good shaving cream the
cheese puffs cuz it's better I'm gonna
bring it oh wait look hi back oh this
what we do needs about that invest we
want this relevant
miss Leveaux current not my new favorite
creamer playin ball jumbo size we need
Nutella pickles capital romaine electric
tooth we got some good bunions bunions
or y'all got some peanut butter
hello I've never like actually bought
this much stuff it's like the light is
stuff ever which make sense because it's
like me like it is dude really
so good let me not have it I don't let
me know your benefit also our cheese at
person and I'm a selfish for that you
like that
I've ever had it Ashley wouldn't like it
doesn't like the fit this looks great
let's get some salade only yeah like a
hour later we got some good yeah we got
the good we got the good so have a squad
out a peak time so quite a bit later now
it's honestly like 11 something and we
watch the life of Kylie premier loved it
your lose so good job Aaron and I'll
watched it I'm so good I'm so sorry
didn't block sweetly forgot I put out my
camera to you and I still completely
forgot anyways I'm gonna go to bed so I
love you guys and I'll see you later
