oh good morning you guys Clos Chloe come
here come here come here come here calm
love oh love I'm gonna take your bone
welcome to the vlog oh wait I wanted to
change the settings on my camera real
quick let me do that real quick okay
definitely I was changing settings
because long story short I accidentally
hit a setting which does much better
quality which is a good thing but I was
like you know what the other one I can
get more stills when I'm trying to pick
some nails because that's a thing if you
guys miss probably don't know I'm
talking about but it's cool anyways I
started getting ready and then I stopped
and I feel like I should finish getting
ready huh okay okay oh wait let's turn
on my light
Oh much better I love that thing I
honestly put on all the freaking time
Chloe you look so cute right now huh so
look it don't know where to put you guys
don't worry there's no coffee for you
guys to fall in oh no I just put my
brush and the saying that you're sitting
on right now but maybe we can use like
this brush okay so plans for today um I
believe Ashley really wants to go to the
mall as well as I do because I'm going
to film something and I need to go to
the mall to get something for it and I
also am sorry I can't multitask for
anything Ashley gets recession because I
do this I'll be talking mid-teens and
just talks like literally stops talking
pretty funny it's not gonna do that much
so honestly like Oh literal girl
struggle when you get mascara on your
cheek ah dang it
literally the worst oh you know what
else I need to buy today I'm going to
buy some tour outfits because guys don't
remember or maybe you know remember if
you don't know me and I are being guest
stars for the stars that sounds really
room like I'm not a star we're being a
guest for the girls and tours
this year so we're going to be at all
three of the Texas shows for the last
three shows I'm really excited for this
so if you live in Texas definitely go
get some tickets I'm going to have a
link in the description box where you
can buy tickets and come meet me and
come meet Mia and all the rest of the
girls and cats so I got a girl down
because Wow Alicia Lee we're in a mood
and you just don't you cannot talk today
or multitask clearly for anything and
yes me I are going to be doing at the
meet up for the show as well as be
onstage for the show so you can meet us
before and then you can see us on stage
so I'm so excited so buy your ticket
come see us links in the description box
are going to be living on the bus for I
think like a week ish shouldn't be on
the oh oh and we're doing some pop-ups
in Texas I'm gonna have alder like info
so there's like some free pop-ups
basically if you live in Texas click the
description if you don't live in Texas
and you want to go to Texas click the
description box read all the info wow
that's so annoying
you ever just like wonder why you have
friends aim let's see I'm thinking of it
in a different way and I'm like how do
people watch my videos like how why are
you watching this right now why do I
have friends life questions I'll always
wonder oh man okay anyways show you some
shopping some of them all go got some
Oscar other key Chloe chicken Esther
should be good you upstairs bit oh hi
ash oh also you guys I wanted to show
you this because I think it's a cool
thing ever like your sis iris if you go
to picmonkey.com flash alicia yeah what
is yeah the way that is so cool I
literally love this so much oh my gosh
 me oh my god okay basically as you
guys know I love to cook I can't talk as
you guys know I love to come on gee I
use their site so much I did a video
talking about it before like how I edit
my like some nails and Instagram photos
and stuff and the only thing was is
honestly you guys act like you guys need
a legit full-on tutorial so I said why
don't I film a tutorial for their
website so you guys can actually see
like a full length and detailed tutorial
laverna literally five or six years and
my thumbnails or into now my god also
they're having a huge giveaway a
giveaway so basically if you want to
watch the whole tutorial I'm going to
have to link to it in the description
box but it's just you go to
picmonkey.com /li and then they're
actually doing this huge giveaway which
is so sweet of them basically I edit a
photo in that video and you can download
when you go to the site there's
instructions and stuff but you can
download the same photo and then you can
edit it along with me while I'm doing
the tutorial and then as long as you use
this happen this I can't talk today I
wanted to use this hashtag with the
photo when you share on social media and
that target entered yeah they're giving
out so many insect cameras or also
giving out some tech monkey memberships
for it like like you're really awesome
definitely go enter I've mentioned it
before so I don't feel like I need to
say it but I've used cig monkey for so
long to edit on instagrams and my
thumbnails for my videos so I never
thought I'd see my face on their website
like that like obviously edit my photos
on their website so I see my face that
way but not like my face definitely
enters you can get that free quick
monkeys watch my tutorial because that's
how I edit my Instagram photos we're
going to do some shopping
yeah you're on a mission I'm on a
mission you know what you're doing I
know what I'm doing go kill it happy
time this currently am 7:29 p.m. and I
have seventeen percent of my rotary
which sucks currently at the mall ashley
is actually doing a shopping challenge
for me and she's doing some shopping so
I'm not with her I honestly am sitting
here like I know so I don't know what
she was getting I'm kind of nervous did
accidentally run into her when they were
in zorak's I did not think they would be
in there I should have text and it was
funny because I literally hear someone
say jhaal muri and I turned to my right
and they're both standing right there I
had no idea purple Bana shirt I'm coming
back at her with this baby Jean Marie
one why are you here
it was really funny also have sunglasses
marks which is not Caillou I just get a
jacket
I'm trying to do some shopping for tour
I didn't find a docket I haven't found
so much else I've been trying to look
for some shoes which is really hard
because I want them to be queue and I
really love deals but I also don't want
to be like 7 feet tall Oh muck near the
arms to me don't look Ashley so mad at
me I did not even think they would be
there
are you guys done ok I think I'm going
to go to Steve Madden or Aldo do your
thing thing absolutely Dahmer I just got
done shopping season myself
it is a bit later how did it go
that's how I felt after doing yours I
was like I'm dead stop till you draw I'm
carving hurry it's so hard I thought so
I thought for sure yours is going to be
changed yeah the Python and it was like
none of this Felicia what do I do
your honestly feel like XE like stores
are in a transition time right now so
you're probably having it harder worse
grocery shopping with Alicia oh we need
tortillas boom we also need beans those
are a bomb kind in case you're wondering
we needed more than a few things so in a
flipped if you start roses a basket
purpose yeah cucumber and onion right
there and so add stuff let's go I like
the iceberg kind that's not good for you
getting guacamole because freaking love
from guacamole you wanted salt - I like
this also
static bomb that looks bomb yo we got
more than like one thing we were like
we're going to run in just for some
solid I see that boom chicka Bow ash I
see that boom chicka successful what up
guys so I'm currently looking fetus like
no other as want to end the vlog I'm
currently editing it as you tell me I
love you guys been watching I'll see you
tomorrow
