good morning guys and welcome to another
vlog of my life is Sunday yes II was
beautycon it was really good I'm
actually about to sit down and edit that
vlog let's go to that corner I got some
coffee because that is unbelievably
needed I'm really hoping I have enough
footage and be a little tripod here so
you guys can just like chill while I'm
editing I haven't that's normally what I
do huh
oh it's currently exactly 12 o'clock
p.m. that's exciting also in about an
hour zone natalie is going to come over
and now is out and we're going to coop
I'm so excited I'm actually really
bummed because I did not see her
yesterday at beautycon I feel like I
didn't feel a lot of people like I said
I saw a lot of people but there was a
lot of people that I was expecting to do
I totally didn't see it all so I'm
actually really glad planned to collapse
otherwise not seen her whatsoever
oh also new video is up I already got
A's main channel who Leisha video ups
I'm really excited about that I woke up
at like 7:30 actually woke up at 6:45
but then I think you know defender like
7m tennis I was editing for like so long
this morning I kind of forgot oh
speaking of I was going to show you but
then I realized I didn't have my phone
there is a new main channel video it is
first day of school versus last day of
Glenn's act I actually did this video
two years ago is that crazy and I
totally didn't do one like it last year
and then I was trying to think of a
video to do this week was thinking you
know what I haven't done that video in
so long give me a huge freaking favor
and comment below if you remember when I
uploaded this video because shout out
you guys for sticking with me for so
long my god that's crazy miss my
thumbnails like that with the little
bubbles I did that for like a year
but speaking of thumbnails have you guys
been liking the ones I've been doing
lately I've been doing like a little
hand-drawn squiggle behind all of the
tech like I honestly really really like
that let me know if you guys like it at
least feel like back to school I thought
it was kind of like school II and what's
not let me stop procrastinating because
now I have 56 minutes to shoot this
video done
something to get the vlog up before
Natalie comes that way I can just like
be done but we're going to see how much
I have so let's do it
you guys look who's here oh wait wait oh
you told him you're coming I thought I
made it a surprise like totally like
Natalie something I did haha I'd be so
much literally sure it was like our
first time whatever I'm like really
hanging out meeting yeah vibing and I'm
like likes more like I got like more
clubs mouths manner Russia really I feel
like some time to collab with people and
you like don't know how it's going to be
and yeah it's like awkward sometimes
like not all the time but it's like
there's a food cops in my life I'm like
oh what do i what do I say
zoom say we're cladding I think it's
grab next week yeah next week hopefully
hope I know I'm like alone what make
sure is up really excited because one
Michael OH - three of the Reds over yeah
we have to land over okay so we are
sitting here I'm really curious if you
guys can figure out what video we're
filming sparkly Oh sparkly men what else
dashing we are going to glue yeah
same time it is quite a bit later now
how long have we tell anything maybe
like mouth like I'm moving so slow oh my
god Oh
literally like it didn't card so are my
leggings that is great we've been eating
a lot we have been asked eating a lot my
hands up a gun hair because also our
ship name and it's latisha Matthew shot
is Matt I'd be magnesia Nisha no
teachers Keisha I like my favorite like
collab ship like ya know I love right
over just chillax and common lashes
talking laughing really stuff girl stuff
it's okay behind the scene
yeah that actually super cute so my
video is done we're finishing up
Natalie's video right now I'm so excited
for this like it's going to be a big
behind the scene I'm taking off ooh
hello everyone hello everyone I'd never
say I'm always like what's up guys
update I'm bill super late but I'm just
exhausted I was up at like 6:45
BB's commune cars up earlier Hut's which
everything you get done anyways is here
right guys we want to watch a movie here
we're not movie what movie sure we want
something fun and not too interesting
because I read oh well I wanted to end
the kalau I'm vlogging Clow I love
watching your play ready yeah playtime
she's so cute I wanted to quickly end
the vlog of the biggest like it I'm
about to take off my makeup rinse off
and go back hoe tires anyways I love you
guys I'll see you tomorrow bye
