behind it
good morning everyone ah today is Sunday
the video is already uploaded very
exciting guests one with event yeah okay
time arises here having a puppy date
happy brunch date this is like cool I
got a yogurt parfait granola very thing
and it's so good me I got the French
toast and yes II already upload our meal
Arisa cola for a difference to avocados
oh that's definitely avocados oh so
maybe dime let me clean the screen
little dirty that better can you even
tell difference probably not make it is
done I did a much more natural kind of
look to have no ashes I'm gonna have
Massacre on but I don't have like any
fake lashes or anything I honestly I'm
in such a lazy mood I don't want to do
anything today that's the makeup you
guys probably wondering about something
okay here we go
so before we go downstairs can't we just
talk about how good the hallway looks
like it's so much brighter with the
white it's still dark back there but it
looks so much brighter
I'm loving I love love up above like oh
now I can put really cute like wall
decor up on here so I love the color
it's just a little too bright I mean I
like honestly and on camera and looks so
much better than it does in person let
me just give you like a full 360 just ah
this literally looks like a Barbie up it
looks great like the cut it's not the
color it's what it is a cut my god you
guys it looks fine on camera I feel like
here it's the most obvious it's so
vibrant it's super cute though like oh
it's not it's not that bad it's not that
bad it's not that bad
I really wish this was doing it justice
I feel like the way that it like
no hear me out on this oh it feels like
a whole different house like it actually
feels like a completely different house
it's so bright lit was like a Barbie
house Canora come here do you like it
close you want to take a picture for
your Instagram so long story short
because the gray was on the bottom they
had to do so many coats I think they did
three or four that's what made it a lot
brighter so I was not expecting that I
came home last night and I was like I
see it's weird because in some lighting
it looks fine but in other lighting it
looks like literally like a six year old
better oh okay also oh my god oh my god
I forgot this one of the pictures that I
found online for my info said it was
this color and then I just looked at a
lot more and I found out it was a
completely different color that was like
my huge thing I was like this is like
this is the pic this is what it looks
like and now I'm like oh it doesn't know
what it looks like
I literally just threw in my house I've
never had anyone okay good news is
before the painters even left we told
them that hey you're most likely going
to be back very soon because that's not
the pink that we wanted so long story
short I am going to repeat it and we
will find this right sheet of theme you
guys it looked horrible
oh it most likely you get repainted this
week but I just picture Ashley walking
in and being like what maybe tomorrow
maybe tonight I'll call her and prank
her and be like oh my god it looks so
cute right like I love it and she'll be
like Ken do you like the new paint
do you like the pink paint yeah yep so
there it is just really bright like
really bright in other news we got the
food oh my god this looks so good Samia
still here her in decor actually filming
something for her oh um so I'm chilled
with the dog don't worry all of this is
not for me there's three of us eating
but I did get my hummus and tabbouleh
salad it just sounded so good I haven't
had a
a long time meaning like maybe a week
but still yes oh my god so hungry hi
khlo you hungry we got a hummus or
tabbouleh salad I could open it on hand
boom hmmm
we're so good I keep just like looking
at it hey khlo hi babe how are me I can
shameless old from a follow them both on
Instagram update times Jame came over
and I want to show her the room okay
it's really bright but it's gonna be
good for some shirt but it's not all
about this is some of the pants no this
is not it doesn't I pulled him I told
them it's because they had to do they
did like so many coats and then it was
on gray so it was darker on top of that
everybody looks like on camera on camera
look I better for the guy I'm telling I
tried to drive like it looks florescent
that's the color we were looking I was
looking for look at that color
yeah I mean I'm not sure how soon with
my edit it with stuff update time is my
favorite time you did not know the other
day was Terrance birthday so Joe Murray
and I drove out yeah oh hey rat pants
news right now and a group of us are
going out to dinner tonight I'm probably
not going to vlog that don't know like
smart if it was my birthday I'd probably
blog if it's like someone else's them
know like I don't want to like be that
person with the camera life hi we just
got here so I figured we just found out
there you go it is currently 6:31 p.m.
also you guys are loving the new video I
am like so so it's already almost a
million views like I've never had a
video hit a million new this quick
that is crazy I didn't know if you guys
would like this video in eight hours
it's a little I was thinking a lot of
people probably don't have dress codes
and I love people have uniforms and
maybe this video isn't like maybe a lot
of people won't want to watch this video
but you guys are laughing
it show me so much also can we talk
about the fact that I was I'm still in a
very much company like I feel like I
should be dressed up a little more than
I am anyway
let's go say hi to the birthday girl
she doesn't like a stash or something a
tiara sighs I passionate
