good morning guys what is up and welcome
back to the blog it's actually been a
few days I'm so sorry but I've been
getting stuff done for you guys honestly
the two videos a week has definitely not
taking this whole is just taking a toll
on the blogs because I feel like that's
the main reason why there aren't blogs
every single day that's okay today we're
filming I figured I'd give you guys a
little hand scene oh my god guys I feel
like so much exciting stuff is like
about shopping going to happen Beauty
Conor this weekend so I'm also getting
ready for that have to get a video ready
for Sunday we're filming simple AB gonna
be good tomorrow night we're going
somewhere really cool hopefully guys
borrow Ashley soon hi guys Joe Maurice
yeah hi hi they're both helping me out
with today's video
so yes also blessed draw my grown
farmers this morning i my my caption was
what if someone brings you free
Starbucks and the dryer is done I just
heard that I'm currently going to change
get some filming done behind the scenes
there's actually a lot later from when i
last vlog but we're here this pen is
literally the best pin like i thought
was just cute i'm like whoa you know
whatever really consciously is cute but
not even getting like it right so
freaking good oh my god I think it's the
paper to know yes my favorite look at it
look at it it looks so good Ashley yes
where are we going what are we going
where are we going where are we going
what are we goin going to the pastor
said we're going to me we're going to me
never coming to meet you ever go to me
wow what is up guys
update times currently almost 5:30 to
done there's a real client and I guess
we're going to meet him she texts us
earlier I should have like blogged all
of this earlier oh my god she practiced
and was like I have two extra ticket for
the edge here and
do you want to come yeah like the only
other plans I have of getting a spray
tan so I just rescheduled that some
tomorrow morning but actual response
will shut the front door
shut the front door like my battery's
gonna die anyways I'm clearly not going
to actually fall into concert because
like can't really do that
I'm really excited we're going to head
over there it's going to be hurt Nicole
Ashley and is going to be a girls night
we're excited
Oh what everyone wants also low-key
brought these in the car as a snack for
these veggie trip they're so good blue
you want done hands-free guys drive safe
thank you for safety first look where we
are me she's focused because we're
playing car key okok yeah
oh my god I'm so excited so we are going
over to the Staples Center a little bit
the unseren yeah so excited means when
you took it this is super cute low-key
what if you've had this for like two
years and I just didn't notice
well it's real cute Courtin or he has
the cone of shame
so I them who's winning me as definitely
Wendy gosh are you excited yes top today
I don't really remember this is a
bralette I can't our fest and carry
clothing yeah and my feet are Robert
Byrd my oppas of the day showcase and
Francesca's jackets and Urban Outfitters
shirt is from Urban Outfitters glasses
Urban Outfitters pairs are Hollister and
this is a mean this is centered in Japan
good morning guys
what is that so through some makeup on
just now I have exciting news I have
exciting news I'm better up this morning
I woke up to 6 million million like
million million subscribers
hey that she's like my what was it
called the pie person oh my god
seriously I feel like every single time
I just like never know what to say
because I physically cannot comprehend
that number like in any way shape or
form and that is crazy and I just want
to say thank you guys so much and like
our family's always been like a really
small little family and I feel like it's
finally just getting like like it's like
this not like it's not a little bit more
oh my god
so and then I hear the doorbell ring and
actually clearly not getting it so I was
like fine I'll go get in a specific
event I opened the door and my parents
sent balloon you know what's the funny
thing scent balloons I think every year
since like 3 million and I totally like
this completely surprised me floating
Fullman dad they're so freaking cute
literally my parents are getting so
tumblr yah wah not even kidding look at
this like this has like little balloons
in it that's so freakin cute doesn't
have like what it is confetti and then
there's another one's a balloon in it oh
is this one oh my god hey ash would you
maybe want to take some pictures of me
oh hi khlo
you look so sleepy oh my God look yo we
got a cake how cute is this cake it
looks like a piece of cake what the
Frick oh my god they were able to do it
for us last a minute oh my god and then
we have a little 6 shall we
this way or should be doing like the
cake oh my god so cute Instagram about
to be on point smells so great okay I'm
gonna put pee
Thanks Yeah right here
does it look like I'm six ears a hope of
the besa Oh
yay God what weight does this so cute oh
my god okay okay
prettiest signature you try the cake
right oh my god that is good with that
yeah oh we're zoomed in oh my god this
is seriously like the cutest thing ever
oh my god it's actually so freakin good
but it kind of is melting so I'm going
to go put it in the fridge shot thank
you guys so much like we're having a
little party I'm having a party by
myself it's me and Chloe ah I put the
balloons right there I feel like I need
a picture of those two loci maybe like
in front of the neon sign above could be
really cute so it is currently about
7:30 and you guys earlier in this vlog
which was yesterday I said that I have
I'm we're going somewhere super exciting
tonight and are you ready for this we're
going to a simmer
ah you don't know go back to that
Coachella blog when I bawled my eyes out
during Lion King
he's a huge composer of so many amazing
songs and scores and movie soundtracks
and movies last night went to a concert
9.2 concert I'm breaking out oh my god
oh my god I'm not ready for excuse y'all
oh my god
hey guys I quickly want to end the mug
the concert was a freaking amazing
I'm so good yeah I just want to end this
vlog because I'm really hoping like wake
up early and get this vlog up before I
go to beautycon surprise I'm going to
beauty cons so if you guys are going it
you will hopefully meet me there but
yeah I'm excited I'm going to vlog there
and yeah anyways okay guys I'll see you
later
hi
