we're morning guys what is up and
welcome to another log Wow I started
vlogging and the Sun just decides to
come out and bless me with some good
light so my last vlog then you would
know that I had strep throat really
really really really frickin bad I'm not
even kidding it felt like I was
swallowing like knives that sounds
excessive I swear I've had it so many
times and it was the worst for the first
two days and then today's the first day
honestly that I'm feeling pretty good
overall which is great cuz I was really
scared because the last time I had strep
throat was on girls night and 2015 tours
at 25,000 2015 what the broke and I was
out for like two weeks so I was really
scared I was at least gonna be out for a
week bless the Lord I am feeling so much
better I'm still kind of moving a little
slow I definitely feel good enough to
vlog I have to talk enough to swallow I
kind of wish I blogged more to show you
guys about the same time while you don't
need to see that I was like literally in
tears about it hurts so freaking bad but
anyways over it we're feeling better so
today I'm gonna film a video or this
Sunday I actually really like it I think
you guys are gonna really like it it's
actually a really beneficial video if
you learned a lot from it so we need to
do that I need to kind of get ready it's
a chill video so I think I should be
fine I'm not doing anything active well
I look like a little potato so let's go
get ready Ashley was a doll and got me
coffee and I'm a doll house lighting
that's too close guys I'm trying to say
if I want to do yoga tonight oh yeah why
not but like is it chill relaxing I
don't know I just want to be Zen Oh
Thank You Ashley that made my day guy
not even kidding because I was sick
that's the first coffee I've had in
Sunday Monday Tuesday Wednesday five day
five like full days I haven't had coffee
oh yeah the last one was the Starbucks
when we went shopping remember that like
actually I should probably try to do
something with my hair you loo this
sucks
and Here I am still struggling now it's
a poof ball wait this is too high
like like right there sounds good what
is this mess of a mess of my hair I
still would love to do like I know heat
something maybe don't feel it like space
bond or something you know that could be
cute pull Princess Leia or something
boom oh shoot all my makeup brushes are
still so dirty from the Jeffrey star
video are you wash those so I think I'm
actually going to use a lemare
foundation that I bought for the Jeffrey
star video I don't know it's usually not
the type of foundation I would go for it
I'm sad paid for it and it was hella
expensive I might as well use it I guess
I could return it but like I just so
let's do this watch some YouTube videos
oh guys comment below your favorite
youtubers right now and don't see me
like not assuming I'm your favorite
youtuber but I feel like when I've asked
that before people are like oh you but
like I'm looking for people to watch so
you how many people you've been loving
that wasn't meant to sound conceited oh
my god I don't assume I'm your favorite
youtuber you know what I mean oh means
uploaded so did REM oh my god bless my
sub box is blessed I actually like this
foundation hey ash c'mere what does this
foundation smell like keep in mind this
is the nice one a self tanner yeah yeah
it's like j√∏rgen so tanner it smells
like like panty Jergens self-tanner we
use that stuff so much we got ready loci
did not want to do my hair today so I
put on a hat I like kind of curled the
ends here and we just did some pigtails
with it that's all we got today like I'm
too lazy to do anything else s the look
shirts from forever 21 and I'm just
wearing some Hollister jeans so option
are about to start filming actually
really excited for this video I think
you're to like it like Loki spilling tea
and you guys will thank me that's all
I'm gonna say
spread the word get excited Ashlee's
cutting off the tags on my shirt why I
had shirt like insist on a hat on and
then I don't know I don't know
come here so hear me out okay every time
I say that it means something big just
hear me out okay you're gonna paint the
whole house beam no what are you look so
cute
my gimmick so pale continue so this room
is so light yes right and don't you feel
like it's just like wasted lightness of
space like we're liking it more yeah
right agreed yeah and isn't the office
like so yeah are you wanting to switch
it here we here we out the desk could be
there we could get like super cute
wallpaper the lighting would be great we
could get a table to work on like we do
that's comfortable I got like like an
office studio like the air B&B that
we've stayed at and that used to be then
not is meant for a dining room anyway so
like we could totally switch them I had
an epiphany yesterday and I was like I
need to tell you this originally that
was a dining room before it was an extra
like bedroom thing we could make that
the dining room this is so much more
film Abul we can work out here like
yesterday I was in the office and then I
came into this room because it was so
dark and there it was so much lighter so
I was working here and then I saw and I
was like oh my god we can just try it
and move the desks and put them there
that's interesting I like I like it I
just I don't know if this feels more
like good dining room study in the
office but we're hardly in the office
because the lighting blue sofa could
literally go right here and like make
this a whole separate like would be so
cute the only thing that's bolted are
these things everything else we can just
try it and then we can move it back if
not
like I was like oh my freakin gosh we
always eat at the bar stools anyway yeah
and then whenever we have formal dinners
we just have the light on yeah we need
so much more work done the plus of it
just being us like sisters living
together is we can have a pink living
room we can make any room anything we
want thoughts guys what do you guys I
purposely like had to stop but I didn't
tell her like because I wanted to vlog
her reaction initially the first time we
toured this house this was a living room
or extra like the sitting room sitting
room yeah and then we could get really
cute wallpaper which we wanted anyway
and we did what color are you I don't
know I sold on the green leaves wine
like finale like banana leaf I'm
actually Beverly okay Hotel thought
office makeover 2.0 I think you'd be so
cute I'm happy you liked it because I
knew you would like it like I knew you
would like it we'll see we'll see we'll
see but I'm excited in other news
he's pips in other news these chips are
amazing pop chips have been like our
thing lately we're about to film kind of
feel like a hot mess but like I kinda
don't but I kinda do also it took
forever and a day to get these stupid
earrings in and you can't even see them
are we gonna let be you mug can you get
a little behind a thing for us hey guys
what is that welcome back to a much
channel let me tell you we're about to
sip some tea yeah also the whole look is
just giving me major High School Musical
vibe
and I'm kind of living for it thank you
I got from Urban Outfitters hey guys
update time so I may or may not be doing
one of my very first Instagram live
streams what's why did it quit again
wait this is the second time it's quit
on me and I feel like that's not nice
it's kind of annoying but yes everyone's
here say hi and you might see yourself
in a next vlog going up yeah yeah
anyways I'm gonna be live just for a
little bit I just really wanted to go
lie and see how
everyone and kind of like so I was like
yo I got this ring light I'm already
done like I have makeup on and
everything oh no my battery's gonna die
dang
