good morning guys and welcome to the
vlog is Tuesday I love you never know
what that is but that's cool I'm pretty
sure Tuesday yeah
anyways I'm really excited let's make
some coffee
bless oh good morning Ashley did you
have your coffee today I don't know if I
put enough creamer in that I'm about to
go do more makeup so we have a lot of
filming today I love how my shirt is
like up here me not cute we are filming
today I'm hoping to finish up actually
no I'm not hoping it's gonna happen
we're gonna finish two videos today very
excited pumped because I'm being
productive pre-filming it's a big deal
for me you guys I very much so
struggle with being ahead with my
youtube videos I'm very excited for that
anyways let's put on some makeup let's
get this already go okay let's do it
I'm just I'm trying to do like a quick
everyday makeup log of a crime Mustang
okay I'm I we need some sound de shi Yan
do you want to try my makeup forever I
haven't used this in a bit and I really
liked it I just stopped using it because
I was getting three hands and stuff and
obviously it's the little lighters
lately I've really been realizing how
much like less makeup is more so easy to
put a lot of foundation on but in
reality like a dime sized amount does so
much wonders you don't cakey very easy
to go Foundation happy if you know what
I mean
guys I actually have a really big
request from you can you please make
huge favor and comments below any school
related videos that you want to see for
me this year because I am hardcore
planning out all of my school user
videos coming up with my ideas that I
really like but then I realize I might
as well just ask you what you guys want
to see because we're going to be
uploading a lot but what help mess so
much
also tweet me any people who you want to
see collabs from because that can
definitely happen boom makeup is done
well low-key not all the way I saw stood
you mascara but my mascara is my purse
which was downstairs this is a look we
got for today I actually really like it
I seriously just did like an easy like
wash of the light like pink brown color
on my lid and my crease I do like a
coral blush anyways actually went to go
get someone
I'm really really excited about that
because it's a bomb ballad so but I feel
like we have a lot to get done today but
I know we're going to get it done
feeling very productive um nice some
messes oh no I need them of the
teacher's desk over there bring the
other desk over here clean up all day
here we go update time it is a lot later
we are filming and we aren't tired so if
you've been working all day but we kinda
got a late start but we kind of auto
wing goes how does that one yeah I think
it's just the color yeah so wait like we
got this guy's homo stuff they're
currently at a park for filament
probably embarrassing myself like usual
I tend to embarrass myself behind the
scenes getting a shot of my workout
shoes try to look cute while we model
this book yeah we got it thank you good
morning guys and welcome to the vlog I
apologize I've not vlog yesterday no
horrible person behind me you know
Alicia get on yo game let's blog today
today is a different day for me I have a
lot going on but I was like you know
what let's more vlogging we are vlogging
it's the first off hair is done
currently doing my makeup and we have
some Starbucks also I woke up at 6:40
today because I have some interviews
later today for my app which is so
exciting but have the link to download
it in the description box but I like
to film something before that so I had
to get up super early so I can get ready
so I can film at so today's kind of
crazy and hectic but why not make things
harder for me and throwin blogging in
there like blogging is that hard but
it's still like effort you know we got
this I'm not freaking out at all we got
this okay so got some footage done
didn't finish but I think I think we got
see what else I'm debating I'd bring my
laptop and like looking all over this
stuff thing about that I mean I bring my
laptop in the car so I can look over all
this footage even though there isn't
really that much of it but like there is
or isn't so basically I want to pay for
all my viewers can come together I love
their such a struggle with all the
different platforms out there so now you
can just come to my app and you can see
in turbo this videos there's a chat room
I'm going to be live-streaming on there
there's so many choices for you just
type in Le Terme at the App Store but I
definitely recommend upgrading that VIP
if you want more exclusive videos and
livestreams and some stuff so thank you
guys so much I will convince some
interviews I've done we just lost Access
Hollywood I didn't vlog the first one
sorry I keep looking for something a new
finder and I know it's so annoying when
youtubers do that like annoying things
youtubers do they like fix their hair
and look at themself so let me just do a
real quick okay hey guys oh man so right
now we're trying to figure out where we
want to eat I was trying to Yelp
something I think we always go the same
places so I was trying to swing some
Bannu
and you're going to look at it got some
dude I got a hummus into Bowie like
Greek platter thing which I'm loving I
go to a different cafe and I literally
get like the exact same thing we also
got some grilled shrimp because you guys
know I'm all about that shrimp life okay
I'm going to eat a fun fact I absolutely
despise olives so those are good enough
to play real quick flat oh my god I've
been wanting this 1 2 3
and yes I'm totally just rocking the
scrunchie on my wrist hello good morning
little chunk are you hungry yeah oh my
god I can't you're so cute
hey guys and welcome back to the vlog I
want to apologize for my absence here
but I feel like a Loki have a really
good excuse
maybe not you guys be the judge first
off oh my god guys I kind of changed up
my order recently as two days I've been
getting coconut milk instead of almond
milk in my vanilla latte and like
game changing I know all the milk is
kind of better for you but coconut milk
is like so good man I feel like I've
been so busy it for me there's usually
one thing that's always slacking whether
it's like my Instagram game my snapchat
game by vlog my main channel out of all
of those like one of them is always
slacking when everything else is good
lately it's been the vlog but I have
been working my butt off the first
school YouTube video goes up today so
you guys already know this for the
back-to-school season Alicia Marie is
uploading two times a week I'm so
nervous I'm so scared because I've never
actually announced when I upload anyway
so on top of doing that got so much
pressure to upload like every single
time you say it on top of that I'm going
crazy and I'm saying I'm going to upload
twice a week
I hope I'm okay I have no idea like how
I'm going to do it but I just decided
you know least are like you're gonna do
it you need to upload more anyways like
it's just for back-to-school season you
got this oh my gosh so in my solution
video did an intro and I announce that
uploading twice a week oh my god I'm so
nervous I'm excited I'm really excited
because it's just so much content and I
feel like I'm going to be really proud
after the end of the season of like
everything I've uploaded not gonna lie
I'm a little nervous like that's a
commitment the good thing is we've been
filming so much like I have a whole
other video film ready to go today we
are filming a Mia lorisha collab and
then tomorrow I'm building two videos so
basically today in two oh no and then I
think I'm building another video tonight
which means before I'm filming for
videos like I'm like hugs alone and
drink my coffee because that is a
priority also got a protein box from
Starbucks can we all agree that the best
thing ever was when they added two eggs
to this what yo you guys look who is
here
Milla Risa I thought we were going to do
it good thank you make it look like I
have a button nose who knows I
definitely don't and now our week
already
I'm gonna hook it into those are setting
my post disgust is 39 qw free delivery
to I our HP in time I prefer my CVAG my
score my four characters oh is it
I'm just looking I'm kind of matte you
know I'm going to have it where you can
like have your name like Cooper house oh
yeah you I already never saw anyone we
are currently in this video we are
coming our intro I'm really excited and
now I'm going to be excited to like edit
button to Medusa's whole much it campus
in a year though I know I said we
honestly I said you were gonna do a
summer one and then I don't know what
happened I don't know freaking on with
it what is it what is it physically is
about me feeling was doing an update and
few hours later I'm in this same spot
will same stuff but not really we've
done a lotta lovin house Lucy I knew
you'd be like Zoe you know I wish you
was here she was going to bring him but
then he does not transfer data I get it
I get it
especially things like your heart would
be like in the kitchen if he was you
know in India I do be like sorry I got a
piece of thing oh I want a meat head we
have a little behind the scenes for you
guys this makes really filling up all we
are gone no your head it's my first time
actually filming or like vlogging like
behind the scenes of this obey all hello
Kyle so it's the next day and I am
currently at Michael's getting some
supplies for our videos coming up real
soon I think you guys you love it also I
love that I can finally say that I'm
uploading twice a week to you guys all
the vlogs
I've been thinking about it for
literally like over a month now and then
I said you know I'm just gonna do it oh
this is to you that is super cute we are
currently filming I am I'm not sure when
this video is going up we are working on
some DIYs
actually loving this I feel like I
haven't done videos like this in a
really long time and honestly I kind of
miss it though
getting some stuff done already filmed
Wednesday's video I need to get this
vlog up I'm so off my ball game right
now but I have been vlogging I haven't
been editing them is currently 3:43 p.m.
look at my lockscreen guys khlo like
she's been on her Instagram lately she
called her at it's me claiming also I
posted at this Instagram today so you
should go like it if you have not yet
let's show a little behind the scenes of
filming right now okay so I got to be on
a plane all about that pennyboard lolly
hey guys I just wanted to end this vlog
I am sorry there's like four days in one
I have so much lost footage I felt it'd
be just good to get it up and that might
start fresh with the vlogs but yeah
thank you so much for watching I will
see you in super soon and I love you
funny
