- listen back-to-school shopping
it's got to target and we're going to be
doing some back-to-school shopping so
let's get started oh my god I've been
waiting a full year for this I'm going
to link below my school supply video for
last year as well as the behind the
scenes shopping one so we're doing it we
are doing it I'm so excited like I
purposely been waiting like mmm okay you
guys don't know I do a giveaway every
single year for back-to-school like
school supplies so I'm going to buy
stuff for me as well as stuff for you
guys and I'm a really pumped also
brought my camera cuz I want to be a
basic youtuber and get some a really
cute b-roll while we're in there let's
go here we are again oh my god it's been
a bit since I've been here
what's the exit it says don't
interpretive s exit I told you so this
book we need a car I love how I still
have this furniture MERIS we found first
stop Starbucks
agent Scott start up there what was the
pink drink or what the pink drink
because already have another Starbucks
earlier today so many other good
literally don't know why I just love
stationary and school oh my god to
separate our soul to go at these
backpacks oh my god I should get one for
me and what bird give away yo and
they're on sale too okay I'm going to
get one for you guys and one for me we
can match Oh
oh my god those are so cute I don't know
what color I want
we definitely need sharpies yo
highlighter is where was ass and then
let's get I always love shopping for
giveaways it seriously so freaking fun
ooh ruler oh wait Mia has this ruler so
I look at different rule if forgive the
flexible one oh my god
genre found purple blue and she's
freaking out because clearly purple hair
over here dress weight it's like the
stick ones that are purple it's not that
weird oh my god whoa mine below boom
we're going to get to paint I think I'm
actually really vibing this q1 show you
the pink no three inside wall that's
good great okay also you see how cute
these notebooks are back in the day when
I was younger they literally just had
like two options and now they're so
freaking cute ice-cream cone where were
you when I was eight
oh I'm fine okay um what do we need next
we've got some folders and a backpack
and highlighters we need pencils and ten
look at that there are some pencils
something over there I'm getting you
guys some of these Sharpie pens because
these are my favorite they're not the
best to write like essays with but
they're great for planners and that kind
of stuff so we're getting make it oh I
gotta have your coffee I'm sorry we got
those what else we need some like
regular pen so chip let's get some good
one now
koala t pen and so know what's a quality
pen Wow look at these pencils there's
something like really cool yo look at
these pencils they're jumbo size for
Frank what these are oh yeah this is a
razor just kidding we are getting B yo I
literally didn't know that erasable pens
are still a thing I thought those were
long dong that's funny I feel like they
use never worked so I feel like these
ones probably work really good if
there's still a thing you know like if
ten years ago they exact I'm sure now
that they're like actually work does
anyone know let me know I need pencils I
don't even need pencils for you guys oh
he's under qual no no no my God look at
those Christ made some note cards I feel
like these really badly I said it so
we're getting some of them Bob kind of
low-key really love this backpack it's
pineapples should I put back another one
another one which one I do have a hot
pink one already
oh my god switching it out man that is a
cute record we got the good eye look
kind of crazy right now because I have
my log camera and this camera and it's
just like stretch to the max yeah we got
so much stuff and coffee and lashes
because I was definitely out of those
and then I'm also going to maybe head
over to the Apple store in the morning
to get some more good yo
