Oh Mia I have a delivery for you thank
you good morning guys what is that so
I'm kind of just starting the vlog for
today dad um exciting stuff Ashley is
actually on her way home didn't know
she's been gone for a few weeks she's
been in Europe and coming home today
which means she's going to see the pink
IRL aka Andrea why yes
so I'm really excited to get her
researcher also Ken ours this year we
are dog-sitting him while mia is filming
have we been having such great fun
where's your 20 I mean where's clemmy's
toy go hit the toy bed cutest
Gargi I've ever seen also because I'm
still unbelievably annoying we have an
update on the colors we've got it
narrowed young to still have no idea if
this looks how it actually looks like on
camera and in person it's between one of
these two and it actually really helps
to put this painting right here is that
this is definitely going to go in this
room this was on the other side of the
wall but it's going to be in this room
it was the pink I think it'd look really
good best feeling ever is when you
forget you ordered stuff you forget that
you ordered shoes and they come and you
get really excited okay oh my god I'm
pretty sure another one let me get let
me wait oh my god yah okay I think I
know these are oh my god yes I do know
what these are
ready for this and you guess is what it
is some some some stuff all Na da wah we
have some you know they're a lot smaller
than our clothes are really we have some
pink sigh hi boots
better peep toe so much pink I feel like
I look like that obnoxious person was
like a Barbie house and Barbie shoes hmm
Oh happy who makes me kid or well it's
very easy you like it very no no it did
not look like this on the phone
nah not ah yeah good morning world oh my
god
first off shout out to the subscriber
who gave me this mug it's like the
biggest thing ever I'm in love motorists
are dispersed also been really loving
this coffee creamer it's the the coffee
meet the almond milk one and it's been
the vanilla flavor it's really a really
good I wish I came in a bigger size
though they only come to little one I'm
happy anyway good morning you guys what
is up I'm honestly not even sure what
day of the vlog this visit I think it's
combined really big but today is an
exciting day because the painters are
going to be here at literally any minute
and they are repeating the pink room oh
my god so be paint color that I decided
we had so many swatches and stuff as you
guys saw the one that I ended up going
with is this one I really liked how it
was warmer this one like there honestly
if you look pretty much the same as an
almost this one is Benjamin Moore frosty
pink if you are curious we're going to
find out if I like it I just felt like
it looked really good like once I put
this painting here I'm sorry painting
once I put this picture here I was just
like that is it I love it
frosty pink and that's three coats of it
so we were prepared
are you excited come low I feel like we
should take it into the picture of you
first against this pink let's do that
you guys look at the progress oh my god
it looks it looks good kara and it's
only one coat and it looks good on
camera oh my god it looks so good on
camera oh sorry dude it looks so good on
camera this is only one coat they're
currently painting it is this an oh my
god it's so much better this is this
walls prime there's no more hot pink
well y'all I'm so excited there it is
the new pink because I fixed it's
getting sick
ah it's so oh my god this is only one
coat okay I'm done I'm done I'm like not
even I should go at it
Chloe you're like actually standing on
Tommy right now you're mine dog you
remind me of those little dears that
like are on the side of cliff do you
know who they're talking about
hello she's like I'm like what are they
little Ram Singh so I don't know they're
called
baby day time it is currently 633 yeah a
lot later the painters have left I'm so
excited to show you guys the paint still
kind of looking like a fetus so please
don't mind that I decided you know what
at least should Alicia wants a smoothie
we're going to get a smoothie oh I'm
locked in the car okay oh okay let's do
this
yeah
we got a smoothie Oh bless this is a
chocolate what is it it's like banana
cacao almond milk and a banana is our
secret ID card it's a banana Joel this
is so needed okay guys are you ready for
this are you ready for the grand reveal
I'm so glad like my god it looks up with
jillion times better are we ready dun
dun dun dun Oh Oh the sun's like setting
so it's kind of uneven lighting but you
guys get the whole you get it you see it
oh my gosh this is so much better and I
feel like it actually comes up true to
color on camera obviously we have to put
the palm tree back I'm not kidding I
feel like it looks true to color on
camera that's crazy how the other one
did it Oh oh my god Chloe Chloe Chloe do
you like it can you come here it looks
so much better
oh my gosh oh my god this lighting is
horrible lighting is horrible here too
it looks so much better like what is
that
like can we just can we flash back to
the old pink color I feel like here to
the most obvious oh my god I'm so
excited just to restart decorating this
even wore now like honestly I'm going to
move this picture in here like can you
see it like I get one of the pink walls
it'll look amazing if you get like a
little hanging plant right here I also
unlike this redo this whole corner cuz
not so like looking all pink dalhwan
cute Ashlee ah awesome me I got you a
smoothie hey I actually got you smoothie
and joy also I'm back Ashlee's bad
listen I missed like what did I do
oh yeah hey guys what does that strike
fun to end the vlog and currently about
to go to bed and looking like to
highlight is on probably going to finish
watching that yeah anyways I love you I
hope that you like this with all you
know see you guys most likely fly out
with new one
yes I love you buddy oh don't forget I
have a new roommate wars video that it's
up today the day that you're watching
this Sunday yes go watch it
mm-hmm okay bye luck
