good morning guys welcome to the vlog
what is today holiday it is thankfully
there's a timecode bar there I think
it's here yes funny today I actually
feels like summer know like when you
wake up and it feels like summer love it
which is great I probably sound crazy
but I feel like you guys probably know
tempeh
anyways let's go get some coffee okay
good morning bright beautiful world and
posse cup of the day what should we do
I'm thinking my good morning mug because
it's a good morning good morning son Oh
Ashley made coffee already
Ashley made coffee yeah dude yes like I
could work at a diner or something
that's all I'm good coffee
Ashley coffee's really good it's kind of
hot though currently have to edit a
thumbnail for the blog that I'm
currently uploading so why don't we do
that oh my gosh so much should be ready
well we got that angle the also I can
officially tell you something I always
tell you guys when I say that I'm going
to work on a project and secret and I
can't say anything about it the promise
that I will tell you guys what it is and
now is one of those moments one of the
days last week I didn't vlog because I
was actually on a really exciting shoot
it was such an awesome shoot I actually
partnered with a CD brand contact lens
and I saw on playlist if you guys follow
me on snapchat you definitely should
you'll miss an out rewind a little bit
you guys know I've had glasses for a
really long time and I did finally try
out contact so like my glasses cover a
lot of viewing space does that mean feel
like my peripheral vision is like very
limited and what's that eye doctor we
had an appointment and she ended up
giving me two active you one day Oasis
ones which are just daily contact you
can throw away at the end of the night
which I really like that you don't have
to worry about keeping them together
losing them we are back at the eye
doctor I'm getting a checkup I also just
got my eyes dilated I'll go if you guys
can tell so it's kind of blurry right
now but yeah I'm excited everything has
been super smooth I really like the ones
that I tried out so I want to share with
you guys
the campaign that we're doing called
change it up so that's a Masai there was
a mini attribute booth inside of the
space and people could go in and record
ways that they would change that okay
guys so we are kind of behind the scenes
right now some really time so guys it's
lighting it so good a way that I wanted
to change it up would start dancing and
learning dance a little more because I
think is so awesome there was also a guy
named Murat who he is an awesome
breakdancer and stuff and he said he
wanted to further his dance skills
what's going on guys my name is Murat
Korman what I'm most passionate about is
dance but not specifically just dance
but breakdance I surprised him and I had
Alison you guys know my friend Alyson
Stoner she's amazing and she is an
incredible dancer she taught some
choreography and it was so much fun
here's like a dancer so that gave me
something an entire video and that's
actually on awesomenesstv so I'm going
to have to link to that links down below
and you guys can watch that video and
watch me dance yeah so again don't
forget to watch that video and if you'd
shout out to them for just working with
me and this awesome campaign I'm really
excited about it and I just want to
share it with you guys but anyways we
should go get ready at seat time so it's
been a bit since I last talked to you
guys so I did my hair makeup what
something like I've actually done
something with my day
um I literally like sit down on my bed
and the next cm I watch one YouTube
video watch another YouTube video you
probably see where this is going then I
see I know I'm sat here for pretty much
over an hour just watching YouTube
videos ah so much for being productive
today guys so much for being productive
today so I figured I should tell you
guys and hopefully you guys can release
maybe you're even doing that right now
maybe you were supposed to be doing
something right now and you sat down and
now you're watching my vlog and you're
like no how did I end up here that's me
all the time oh or like when you're
watching youtube videos next thing you
know you're watching some weird crazy
like cat videos or like something like
that you're just like literally how did
I get here how did I get to this table
is me on set also it's kind of hot and
you go put the air on
well I like the off
Alexa off her high clonic come on come
on babe hi kalau money so low-key it was
like oh my god so nice out we should
like go put our feet in the pool and
then I was like yo let's take a
boomerang oh my god steps no so good
news you can tell I'm like oh oh D right
now is like literally so come hello
Chloe Chloe come here come here Chlo be
on my insta story post here pretty sit
sit stay stay ready 1 2
Oh oh my god you guys
she's old you lucky sitting here by
myself like someone comes swimming with
me I kind of want to go swimming but I
feel like I just got ready and I like
Davin did anything I guess I don't to
get my hair and makeup like my face
light I could just like like slow and me
if you're watching this text me comes to
my or Nikki or Ashley she's not here
enough RAM TIFF gap any of my friends
friends anyone does anyone want to come
swimming oh hey guys what is that
so I'm currently sitting at my computer
and I'm trying it to get some editing
done and I really just wanted to end
this vlog and thank you guys so much for
watching I hope that you liked it oh my
screams go away that's awkward
thanks for watching this vlog I hope
that you liked it and I'll see you guys
real soon with anyone I love you what
