good morning guys good afternoon guys
did whatever I'm trying to say so I was
really going to try to get up
yesterday's vlog to be separate from
today's but now that I'm looking at it I
don't think I'm going to be able to edit
it and get it up in time like it's
already like noon and have a lot do day
so I'm thinking I'm just going to
combine yes this footage with today's
footage today we are filming as you can
see a little bit is Bob I'm actually so
excited for this video like it's going
to be so good it's good we sorry so
normals half of it already some really
come for that I suppose have a lot to do
today which sucks but that's okay also I
did end up trying to prank Ashley
showing her the room I just picture
Ashley walking in and being like maybe
tomorrow maybe tonight I'll call her and
bring her and be like oh my god it looks
so cute right like I love it and she's
like what I wanted to show you the room
and free oh my gosh it looks so freaking
good I want to face my new book here's
why the wipers like so clean my god
everything is a background they did this
corner Wow look it sounds
wait which color did join up with so we
had to go get another King what you
didn't like an emo no that looks really
good we're gonna foreclose upon tree
really you don't like that does it fail
oh I'm hoping you'd be like oh my god
that's really P never just call a but I
can tell like I think we're missing one
let's go back and it was kind of a fail
because I'm not kidding you guys it
looks so good on camera she was like oh
my god it looks really good I'm like no
you're supposed to hate it we're going
to call the painters tomorrow and
schedule it see when they can come in
living room looks like this will be
small I was gay anyways see we're
filming I was going to start this vlog
because if I don't start soon I'm
probably not going to start it at the
home also
yesterday's meal arisha collab is doing
so freaking good you guys like it
already has two million views in one day
that is crazy
oh my god that is actually crazy I'm so
happy you guys are loving that video it
was like one of our favorite lab videos
I really hope that guys like that I like
try to make this look more of like a
little kid school I mean the backpack
health law added a little thing and then
so like I just here at a lodge I'm
getting really hungry but we have two
more season till we're done with so
kisum also I posted this Instagram today
so you guys should have most definitely
go follow me if you aren't already my
Instagram is just at Alicia and you can
go double tap this photo
I totally awkwardly oh no I offered Lea
just like my own photo hopefully people
don't judge me I'm like I'm like oh wait
oh no I'm not on like there we go hey go
like it what's up Brad I see you thank
you
yo my caramel honestly I'm having too
much coffee lately I was like I
shouldn't get this but I don't have to
drink the whole thing you know what I
almost don't show you guys I'm getting
coffee because I know I get it too much
literally I like almost didn't vlog does
know like no this is my life update time
I'm currently at Target where are we go
when you ask
just take one go you're one in a melon
stop okay I need to figure out what I'm
saying in this clip that no six
so she's going on well might fit in all
make up look at me and my frickin box
except one key we're getting these
notebooks because they were not here
when I did shopping like a week ago and
I think they're unbelievably cute I
really don't need them but I really want
them work it yo I was just saying I
wanted a basket and loads a hole guess
who finds an empty cart oh my god the
last time there's this empty car I was
like going on a snow on skirt and then
this guy was like oh sorry that's my
like awkward right how long have I been
trying to get new pillows for like the
longest time right and I was coming to
target so many times and I don't find
cute pillows or anything I just like
like or that I want I just feel really
cute pillows I'm really excited so the
first one looks like this I'm sure this
is from like the kids section honestly
because it just like kind of feels like
it but it's white and then this side is
pink it has like embroidery on it it's
so freakin cute and then I also yellow
one I thought it'd look really good on
the Navy couch so that's where my intro
setups happened oh yeah also have uses
so sub-q but I'm not going to get
everything this book here so cute
go unbelievably quick target haul we
have Q pillows to your notebooks Papa
creamer pants and shaving cream hey guys
what is that I tried to quickly end this
vlog I hope that you liked it you have
any pink blush color recommendations
send them my way I'll update you guys
that will do anyways I'll see you guys
most likely surrounds me vlog I love you
and I'll see do
what
