good morning Chlo
oh why are you so cute babe every
camera-shy
I know we're not camera shy we had a
photo shoot yesterday didn't we we did
babe we did we had a photo shoot for
your Instagram mmm oh love me babe oh my
god I can't I can't I love you like I
love you first of all please don't mind
my face or my hair also I'm really sorry
for not vlogging these past few days I
actually got sick and I was just like
not feeling blogging whatsoever you guys
you really didn't miss much I promise I
was basically just not doing anything
and I missed you guys so I figured I
should vlog today because I really
really want to vlog hello why are you
going out come oh my god she literally
just like follows me and I love it yeah
hey guys this is the photoshoot I was
talking about we got Chloe her very
first Papageno so we had a photo shoot
she oh my god
it's just I can't so cute so if you
didn't know Chloe actually has an
Instagram and this girl look at like how
does she almost half a million followers
I can't that is it I just I can't oh my
god that's her birthday so yeah she
posted so you guys should go follow her
it's me Chloe Mae
so today for breakfast we are having egg
whites and a banana I got these new
pants from Urban Outfitters series like
baggy sweat but the bottom have dira I
mean that's what I will repel them I
wonder if or actually all that I don't
know but like when it goes under your
foot I'm like living for this I promise
articles are now going up at a time oh
my god you guys I'm floored
photos man so first on Tommy tips hi
enchilada car I don't
oh my god it looks so looks and I said
is a nice help me name him oh yeah we
need a name for him it's definitely a
him it's a Honda Civic
you're currently going to Lowe's because
something is the holitzer got something
really exciting is happening we're going
to be doing some painting we're gonna
paint the living room pink I'm so
excited I wanted something like this for
such a long time and I assumed Ashley
would never be done with it
ah can we talk about this car though
it's like oh good it's so cute
anyway we are currently going a low so
it's so right I don't know if you can
even screaming am I going to excited I'm
literally painting my living room pink
oh my god
Alicia is freaking out right now oh my
god we good to go I remember being
little and picking out color to my
bedroom and it was like the most fun
thing ever to be on bedroom yes they
just painted this one's a little more
muted but I really like that one or
there's this one okay I like the top
right one I'm super cute I kinda like
that one to shoot Oh No we have so many
great this one I feel like the lighting
over there doesn't look as good up here
literally have so many I'm really really
liking this top one right here all of
that one's so pretty filming a sample oh
wait they have this look it look it they
have this one baby blush do you like
baby blush who has figured out the
sample colors that we want to get I
don't even have against a garment we're
going to get some simple just letting it
so cool okay looks good this way
oh wait we need a we need a little brush
should we get two or one how much are
they yeah who does not want their living
room pink I'll probably a lot of people
and touch enter is so so great we got
the good targets right next door we need
like literally three things that'll
probably more than three things but
about three things so we're going to run
in there super quick yeah the target we
go question of the day at what how are
you in comments it below
you guys forever the home decor section
just gets me like I'm not gonna go
that's cute I like oh my god and get so
excited because the home decor vlogs are
coming back so I ordered a whole bunch
of room to cordon off on the Urban
Outfitters so it should be coming soon
we can start decorating I realize I'm
like I kind of really held back on the
decorating vlogs because I don't know it
get so consumed and I was like hey it's
been a bit oh my god this is so cute
targets stepping up their game so out of
all this glue there's literally only one
of these like gallon ones left and I
guarantee all of them are gone because
of slime video so guaranteed a that's
hilarious
okay what else do we need we need a
stapler rubber band why is it so hard to
find harbour band yes one time I tried
to make a rubber band ball and honestly
like it didn't work
i legit didn't realize that people
bought rubber band balls
I thought you everyone made them so when
I always thought I was like hey how do
you like to tell you two things story on
Alisha today okay what are we looking
for brown paper bags lunch sections I'd
probably be like in the lunch like food
section I was in kitchen how are kids
rooms like this cute now look at this
cactus stay in bed like when I was eight
years old my bed was Winnie the Pooh I
mean I'm not hating I love Winnie the
Pooh but still like look at this pillow
what oh my god so funny I almost stole
someone's car that's so awkward well
there's nothing in there we only need
three things I said this ends up almost
needing a whole cart of spendings what
would an Alicia vlog be without Target
oh I love hiking to the first thing
coming out Ashley sorry to interrupt
your eating I got pain
I got a few different colors so I was
thinking we can like weightless like
right like after Dan eating we should
take do swatches on the wall yeah are
you damn can we do it yeah let's do it
oh so these are all the colors that we
got I tried to put it in like lightest
to darkest but this one's kind of
throwing everything off like that is the
perfect ombre but then this one's just
kind of like in there but it's cool ash
are you ready here it is I'm so excited
oh my god okay I have a feeling this one
is going to be too dark but you never
know like it's very bright in here
should we do this on first here we go
paint number one I totally moved the
palm tree so we're going to swatch this
wall right here handing off the camera
and off go oh that's crazy I like this
for a lot more than I thought I would
this is why we have five examples paint
number Q is delicate pink rose hmm I
like that color number three baby blush
I look for white on
okay so so far I think we all like this
middle one the best the only problem is
honestly on camera it looks way
different than in person no from here I
definitely like that one oh I love that
one
Oh everyone I like oh okay so purposely
put the palm tree like in front so I can
see like how it looks with green you
know what I mean hmm I'm kind of leaning
between these two delicate pink rose is
this one and we have oh so pink as this
one this one's way more vibrant comment
below which one you think one two three
four or both we already know that one's
out out of these four which do you like
the best
for our living room - the cool thing to
realize is even though I'm saying the
whole living room it's really only four
corners because we have this pillar that
corner that corner and this corner so
it's not like an entire room because
this is a very open room it's really
only four corners that are going to be
painted so yeah even though it's
extremely dirty we have a package from
whatever once you want so this is
everything we got I'm going to lay
everything out and give you guys the
most best haul you've ever seen that's
all you ever thought just kidding I'll
actually make it like slightly longer
than that
it's really cute like cross
off-the-shoulder blue-and-white striped
shirt and then coming down here we have
this also cute white scrunchie shirt
which was only 1290 we have this blue
denim skirt the thing I'm most excited
for is this bathing suit it says Beverly
Hills it's like me and a bathing suit
you guys I freaking love this it's so
like old Hollywood and it's pink with
green writing so freaking Cuban it's a
one-piece ha love just love so much love
I got these little like velvet dolphin
shorts and things that's what they're
called these are only eight dollars so I
was like you know if they don't fit it's
not a complete waste because there were
only eight dollars thanks this is what I
love about forever each one like most of
it's so inexpensive I just thought they
were like super retro and cute and I was
like oh my god love the last thing I got
is this just graphic tee I almost didn't
get it because I don't need any more
graphic tees but it was so cute as I
said bloggin even though I'm a blogger I
could change this to a V vloggin hey
guys what is up I am so sorry I
completely forgot to end this vlog but I
really wanted to put it up today so I
just want to end it say thank you for
watching and I will see I've had the
hiccups for like the past hour oh my god
I hope you like this vlog now see you
guys throughout the event I love you
