oh shoot army and one two three
good morning bright beautiful world my
world this is my world you know when
they do those like cheesy oh you know
the cheesy like quotes that are like
well you are my whole world like the top
really like the relationships like yeah
you know exactly what I'm talking about
I know you know this is a great lighting
my whole world barb today we got a nice
almond latte with caramel drizzle in the
cup and that's really good
what is if you guys distance these logs
from the airport I'm here in the
afternoon and looming shooting one this
one is nominated for a Teen Choice Award
yummy come over here got you good to
hear currently yeah oh my god common hi
Alex gone like oh my gosh oh my god Rose
is always a tional our family lots of
nothing or all those moms Ostrander - we
are currently headed to do and rizona
we're doing a meetups and we've been
tweeting and snap chatting and then
saurian it up telling you guys that
we're actually doing a really quick
meet-up in Arizona today so I figured
I'd take you guys along I first was like
oh should i vlogs I'm kind of behind of
my blog sounds like no I'm bringing it
we're vlogging oh yeah it's gonna see a
little behind the scenes I'm looking at
rel cute right now
Oh
I'll say time it is really late this
kind of 7:38 don't have an 8 o'clock
plane 9 o'clock that was an 8 o'clock
flight oh my god anyway they're done
with the Meetup and we are so tired
there were so many people here I was not
expecting there to be that many people
it was so packed oh my god oh my god we
didn't we never expect you guys to go oh
right because we're zoomed in oh my god
we never expected you'd never have to do
this oh my god oh my god oh we're going
to go through this so Alicia's biggest
fan asked if I could vlog this so there
you go and we're back at the airport
pretty much a thousand people they're
gonna go a thousand that's crazy I just
tweeted cuz I like my mind blow what up
you guys how are you doing today is
Thursday and oh gosh oh my god guys the
painters have started painting earlier
today I got a cleanse I'll show you guys
before so I will insert that right here
here is the before as you can see the
gray is very pretty it's very
sophisticated but I feel I feel as
though but it's just kind of like boring
like why not have pink oh my god
total house transformation guys so like
all of this gray is going to be white
now and eventually I'd love to have
wallpaper on this wall I don't know I'm
just like you know what like let's do it
so I'm really excited I'm so excited
also okey I'm wearing the shirt that
I've loved in does that seem I probably
it's 1975 which they're awesome but I
feel like I never really wear shirts
like this like some of you guys probably
confuse like yellow Alicia what I've
been wearing yeah happen I'm a real
person guys I swear
anyways I mean I was on money at all and
we are going to do some shopping not
like I really need you but there's a few
things coming up that I want to get some
new outfits for and if there's enough I
might do a clothing haul on a channel so
if you want to see that let me know
comment below yes I want to see a
clothing home I also did not do my hair
today so what's the thing also of course
we got Starbucks we went to the base
place and now we are going to do some
shopping we came all the way to Glendale
because we were just filling like coming
here so many shops I'm gonna palm trees
it's just my vibe so we step on my out
there right now
I'm letting my bday pop in flip-flops in
a skirt that like rides up like no other
otherwise hello I love coming here on
the weekdays because no one is here or I
mean there's some people here not like
the weekend oh it is summer but still
it's an empty we're going to head into
Topshop see what goods they got it's
actually kind of hot found it literally
saw this and like across the room ran
over here this looks so comfy it's just
like a t-shirt dress but it's
off-the-shoulder
loving do we like these they two extra
there's like so oversized but it's hard
to see was this then I can kind of like
see them they're kind of big though I'm
alone I kind of like not like I need any
more sunglasses pumps with updates we
got some things from PacSun and in
forever 21 honestly I've been struggling
because no one really has tough like
Texan was the first place that I found a
whole bunch of stuff at so can you want
to go haul us there because they have
the new cinema stuff and I'm pretty sure
there's like a huge sojourn I want to go
crazy I'm still not you thought I'll
never be jolly sir call me sir oh wait
there's like a light right on my face yo
guys crazy to me I am freaking out this
is on the outside of the store oh my god
yo no what is this so when I go in there
I can't picture I freaked out but like
seeing it outside the stores even
crazier for me
oh my god MCI growing up the underling
so our darlings my life of course we're
getting a pressed freeze healthy ice
cream is so good I got the vanilla one
with strawberries coconut and dark
chocolate shoes yeah what is up you guys
so I'm back home as you can tell
currently just doing some editing I was
just like chillin but I wanted to let
you guys know that I actually did an
interview with Parade magazine and it
they did a video on me it's up on their
channel I'm gonna have a link to it in
the description box my fingers just
totally watch it you want to i'm stem
excited I've seen them do videos on
other youtubers so the fact that they
asked me like what go I'm excited I'm
doing that super bloggers and online
social media Queen Alicia Marie well
then your huge fan
so grab your bestie because this is only
summery
that part oh my god wait this is so fun
anyways go check that out if you watch
it I figured I'd let you guys know
anyways I have a ton of editing to do
right now I currently have three videos
that I should be editing so I was like
hmm you want to get some food or some
lemonade
and you know I'm going to get that
editing done my hair is still ratchet
been like that all day oh my god okay so
like I'd mentioned painters we're here
today they started it's definitely not
going to be done probably like Saturday
is what he started painting the white
part and the hallway upstairs looks oh
good like I was so worried about getting
rid of the gray because it looked really
really pretty but I like I was open oh
I'm so happy because I feel like the
white looks even better like it's gonna
look so cool they haven't started doing
the pink yet they're gonna I think start
that tomorrow I'm really hoping I picked
the right shade of pink not I'll have to
figure that out real quick I'm gonna
head down the office start editing but I
want to show you guys that yes yes yes
yes downstairs is kind of crazy because
we have a lot going on the front
entryway is why you can kind of see the
stairs better like it's all world
totally going to show you guys tomorrow
because it's definitely late so I'll
have to do the pink where we not happy
today because there was a lot of strange
men in the house
were we not happy babe hey guys so it's
actually a lot later I was just doing a
ton of
I got my blog all ready to go for
tomorrow's response to end it so I can
have it completely ready for you guys
tomorrow I'll talk to you guys to resume
with a new blog and yeah
