good morning guys and welcome back to
Alicia Marie box today is Saturday and
it is currently 11:00 exactly
today we are filming all day and then
I'm editing all night so we're going to
be filming in some awkward situations
today some really awkward situations
today get this vlog with Oakland scene
image that you were trying to film the
rest so I am a very kind for the his
high episode said it's been such a long
time so exploded in Auvers and raisins
video and it's just been way too long so
I'm pumped
Yamanashi as I'm driving Ashlee's in the
car behind us so we're meeting up with
parent Bret and Ryan later and I'm
really excited they're like oh gee
awkward situations cat so then we go but
first we have to you get coffee because
I am moving since this morning it's not
good like I didn't even finish my makeup
obviously and I'm so Negro before for
the West last minute and an activated
coffee we're going to go to Target so we
can get some props and stuff for the
video and yeah I'm really excited we're
going back in here where we live in our
apartment I'm really excited because
like good memories here is on sonson
sometimes anthem Oh
all right that doesn't have a first they
all have fat things why you going to
album whereas Harsha I think we're at
how you and I will ideas or when I last
was knocking might like I had no
eyebrows on I had no with us we should
popcorn so we're having like a barbecue
to look like we're having a barbecue we
have to buy whole bunch of stuff I look
like we're have a barbecue so we need a
tablecloth we got some a rickshaw these
are so cute little messes
those are cute so we get like like what
kind of cuts to do this we need cups but
like either just plastic one
no let's go to the party section
sometimes done okay let's do blue
stripes yeah they go this way look with
a cute tablecloth is loose maybe a red
stripe or greater there's a solid color
I like to see a solid color and her does
that go with our color scheme well let's
do - then let's do red got some cups we
got B to it on the green ones
Hey apparently someone took all the
yellow cup so now I see a slip inside
and a hose Marco a sure are you
I heard Paulo why are you my guy here
pull up
I shouldn't we were yelling it I know I
might single slide holes I have doubles
that's cool oh my god I was seven eight
we got a slip in son I think we have
everything a hose now Oh bless you child
I like the phone okay
I think we have everything good you guys
want anything sweet away the cookies
well we also like get lunch okay why
what's the normal kind just a gun we got
some hot button so this is the good
everything we got yeah we got so much
stuff
come bum bum bum he sees me up see time
finally got my coffee you guys it's my
vaginal coffee all and the hole right
here I probably said like ten words in
fact I need coffee look at appear you
had to like justify why you're wearing
my below you want me to justify rocketry
hit determine Cameron hit determine in
the house what we're gonna film us you
know co-ed want a seat you guys
oh thank you you guys I'm dying
Karen's a funniest person I think I know
and I'm not kidding right and props
amazing where I was crying okay quad
your face she's coming right now really
well update time so it's a lot later now
and we are currently on our way back
home we film to offer situations low-key
didn't vlog because I already told you
what the video is going to be and I
really want to be a surprise for you
guys so I didn't want to give anything
away no but yeah tonight is going to be
an editing night I feel like I should
show you guys the reality of like how I
edit my videos and like yeah I haven't
even started editing this video and it
has to go up in 18 hours which hour to
get home so 17 hours that means Emma
sleeping it all so hopefully we got this
oh my god I feel so good to be home
also I had a question for you guys
trying something new out and I figured
you know what I should just ask yo
straight up like do you like this better
do you like a mix of it I kind of
personally like the wise look because
you can see more of the room damage and
I feel like you guys can feel more like
you're a part of my day and like where I
am out of that make any sense I hope it
does you've got home I was kind of
unpacking everything because I have so
much editing to do for roommate war
video which is already up by the time
you're watching this most likely go to
my main channel rewatch that video that
will meet a lot at work and sugar fetish
I goal for the rest of the knife is to
be editing I'm about six hours till
midnight hopefully has enough
good news is I species I've already
started to some nail I really want to
show you guys something that I ordered
because I ordered this them really
really freaking excited about it guys
look at what I ordered it is a payphone
it's pink so freaking cute I'm obsessed
with this lemony little one babe you are
so cute I can't that haircut looks so
cute on you hi hi pretty girl I've
mentioned you guys before what's going
on in this corner I feel like out of the
entire house this is a one corner of the
house that has not been touched
whatsoever I don't know like I know what
I want to do here if you haven't watched
the moving blogs normally a breakfast
table would go here this is a more
formal dining room so we have our table
over there we're going to get barstools
here so much seating area already so we
really don't need another table over
here I wanted to make it kind of like a
coffee corner seem a little bistro set
have the bookshelf with some books a
record player and then I really want to
wallpaper this wall and I want to have
the payphone right that is that is so
freaking cute I love oh my god probably
not next week because next week is
VidCon I'm going to be gone for a bit
but the week after that I think we're
going to start decorating that side I
love decorating anything I love
decorating vlogs I just left home to
quarrel up all of that you guys are
seeing the whole before I'm so excited
for this whole before/after process it's
going to be epic it's extremely hot in
here it's 80 degrees it's literal 80
degrees in here oh my god just distal
pulses okay here we go get the laptop
put the TV on because you always need
background noise when you're editing
otherwise you just go crazy oh guys give
me a huge favor and comment below some
of your favorite like shows that you're
loving watching right now I don't know
I'm looking for just like Netflix
original Hulu original just like some
really good binge worthy shows I've
already watched 13 reasons already
finished Riverdale so frickin frickin
good love that I already caught up on
Jane before guys I need some shows to
watch the do me a huge favor and comment
down below of ones you've been loving Oh
