good morning guys and what is up welcome
back to the vlog my hair still air
drying so it's kind of crazy right now
yo my moustache so today's Friday happy
Friday
let me know in the comments what your
plans were or are for today today we are
filming all freaking day and I'm really
excited because I have to finish filming
this week's video which is going up on
Sunday and then I'm also judge are you
so proud of me I'm telling another video
just to get ahead with everything so I'm
really excited you guys are going to
love like make sure your two favorite
videos I've ever done like put together
yeah I'm not sure that one probably
won't go up for a few weeks oh so sorry
to get you excited oh good morning miss
cannoli I love you hey have you posted
on your incident I don't think you have
oh my god c'mon we got our coffee just
been working on some editing oh hello
I have liddie right now what do you have
I mean Oh a huge haul a huge clothing we
asked me to switch our calendar this is
Juna ready for this I'm always excited
because I like when the paper is white
better oh nothing I failed sad
hahahaha oh also I have an unboxing to
do that's not all trash late oh my god I
left like there's like just the tiniest
blueness there's tiny
also I couldn't find oh I couldn't find
those command hooks cut up the wire say
yeah here's some others oh oh that looks
so much better
July Friday's 7 2017 I love how this is
such a random thing I remember we were
like oh this is way too big and now we
like a lower calendar I love it it's
like it's just so big I did not expect
to be that big when we got it remember
unboxing it was just like this is a lot
we were like oh dang that is not like a
little cylinder that's like a calendar -
or seems to do for this week's video so
I think that's gonna be so smooth and
easy and then after make sure I get the
thumbnail for that and then without
let's do a surprise and boxing like like
Alphin close your eyes you don't iron
your boxers wait come here will you like
you low-key already know what all this
is but you just don't know what came to
like right oh I love hot it smells like
a president like it's like birthday
unboxing but so not yet broken what why
not my stuff broken oh it was the
hanging pot I loved though I was it's
sort of what we'll look at that I've
broken and then I ordered this hat this
was a crack in it to Martha right there
oh hello perfect
we got a new pillow for okay so like you
guys know I'm I just haven't gotten
pillows on this couch for about a year
now like I'm just like I'm very hesitant
to get pillows because I don't know much
like a so finally I was thinking you
know what Alicia let's just get them
fuck y'all throw that over there
oh that looks real cute so I also got
this thing I don't know where it's going
to go so they're going to go in my room
it's not going to go somewhere else
I don't know it should be really easy to
put together looked at harmless
I got the direction it looks so easy to
put together it's just really really
cute clothing rack Singh and I'm real
excited about it so let's see we made a
clothes rack this key you know is
actually different
I think it looks good like Hodor I was
learning how to go upstairs but I
thought also I got this it's actually
it's like a cover for my my god I got
the wrong size fits 13-inch dick this is
just a fail it's a fail as the pot thing
was broken my visor was broken I got the
wrong size for this we got one seen done
and now we have one last one to do and
then work done with this video coming in
the intro and I'm trying out a new setup
I really love the Navy couch let me get
let me go for a while I stopped filming
like intros for my videos because I
thought you guys like like that but part
of me really missed them so I think
every like I think it's I don't know I'm
kind of like just testing it out let me
know if you like having talking like for
a main Channel video do you like when
people have talking intros or do you
like when it goes straight into the
video and having like a talking outro I
don't know I'm really thinking about it
I'm just going to try out different
thing so currently filming right here
let me know if you like this set up when
you see the video yeah also I have very
exciting news coming out this weekend oh
sorry I was not cute
hey guys what is up so I am really
excited because I'm filming another
interlinking video a few months ago
actually film one and now we're filming
another a few months ago and yes a few
months ago I filmed an annoying city and
I think I don't know pending since Wow
okay
really exciting news I have been waiting
to tell you this for months almost a
year you guys I have a lots of toys for
you
well something something novel working
on remember the bedroom that actually
almost took back to the moving blogs
Ashley was debating between two rooms
Tia's well we still have that other one
obviously and I'm never I never shot you
guys you want to know why because we've
been working on something are you ready
for this I'm so excited it's the first
huge reveal the tour the Shazam
oshizu look at this it is a legit school
in here we have some desks we have some
bulletin boards we have a school clock
we have a bookshelf oh my god
oh gee at max babies you will recognize
this sign from my back to school videos
literally two years ago I found this and
I had to put it up just for like
memories sake one thought of so funny
then we have some whiteboards right here
no cell phone you you have a little
teacher's desk goin over here literally
just built my own classroom I go so all
out for my videos this is kind of
embarrassing like honestly like I really
didn't know what to do this extra room
and then I wanted to surprise you guys
and be like yo back to school videos are
coming I know everyone's asking for them
what is this these are freaking lockers
and this is going to be a studio like a
legit like full-on studio we got some
lockers we have a desk we have some
white boys have backdrop yo what do we
have going on here Oh jello action
happening right now literally dare you
to take about it there's so much gelatin
in there it's not regular jello I hope
you know how hard it was so it was like
good artfully really oh my god giant
jelly Oh Oh what is this Billy ah I just
sat on this desk and it literally like
see tooth broke it cracked so loud
know that school videos are coming do
not worry accidents so many tweets and
comments as you guys would be like where
are your magical videos like the past
few years I always upload it back to
school Subaru labels like one of the
first people uploads this year I have a
different tactic that I think you guys
are really really going to like so we're
getting some film and done I hope you
are decided cuz I'm so stoked and
excited I hope you don't judge me for
making like a whole for literally buying
like lockers like what if you're home
for back to school videos and give this
video a thumbs up and comments below
when you go back to school not everyone
goes back to school when you do actually
know some people who go back to school
in like two weeks which is crazier then
I also know people who don't go back to
school to like really late September
it's kind of weird so comment below when
you go back and I hope you're excited
for my back-to-school big you know
already planning collabs good going
great hashtag Lucia for a life yeah
anyways hey guys a great time it's
bedtime so I suppose to end this vlog I
hope that you liked it if you did give
it a thumbs up and yeah anyways I'm
going to go to bed like 2 a.m. and I'm
really tired and yeah you know it
