good morning guys we got some coffee
first priority second we're gonna put on
some makeup also update on the makeup
drawers I still have so much
organization to do so I thought I was
done I'm definitely not seeing too I
also totally have to organize this I
have this ended up being like a travel
bag instead of a purse there's so much
stuff in here good morning guys and
welcome to the vlog so like I said I
have my coffee Alisha is happy I'm so
excited because I'm just ready for today
like we are filming we are vlogging it's
gonna be a really good day I'm really
pumped you know it just like good vibes
being optimistic here I'm in a really
good mood despite the fact that I'm
low-key on my period I'm so sorry that
that's TMI probably is no maybe not I
don't know like this is my blog I can
say whatever I want okay we're currently
gonna do my makeup I kind of went
overboard and brought out a whole bunch
of a random stuff so here we go also
look you don't mind this random fidget
spinner I know you guys saw earlier
I have a very love hate relationship
with these because I love them but I'm
so over them and I think they're just
like they need to go away but yet I look
you love them and I play with it all the
time so that's the thing let's see oh I
wanted out you know what I wanted I hope
mom Wow what did I just say can anyone
repeat that to me
I forgot I got a whole bunch of stuff
from Tarte a bit ago and I really wanted
to try out all of their stuff and I just
remembered because I saw that powder
maybe we'll try out their brows of today
to you what is this ash blonde
waterproof brown is let's try it
boom update time makeup and hair they're
done yes I kind of don't know what to
feel about the brow product I think I
like it but I'm not sure so I'm gonna
play with it tomorrow too but it just
like took a while to get it my eyebrows
look but they look good just took a
while also I'm kind of waiting for my
hair to fall I did it extra tight so
hopefully hopefully it looks good
anyways let's go
stairs and gets pillow also I'm wearing
my new shirt that I got from at forever
21 and my last vlog has blogging even
though I'm not a blogger I'm a vlogger
longer with the veep anyways let's go
downstairs is it up yes
okay guys update on the pink living room
so here's what we got oh here's like too
poufy right now I'm don't like it so
again last vlog I showed that we're
painting the living room pink I'm so
excited for this the problem is what
shade of pink I don't know help me
decide
so we've ruled out these two and then it
came down to these at three and then the
problem was this one looks too white on
camera it's slightly different than in
person it looks way more white on camera
it definitely is pink but it's like
really really lights like a baby blush
huh
that's the big name of it this one I was
scared was too pink this one I'm like
well it's kind of like an in-between of
these two so what I did was I took this
wall and I made bigger swatches and I
totally made it look like a face and I
did not mean to do that that's funny but
anyways now that we haven't narrowed
down from these two these do me a huge
favor and comment below if you like one
two or three better I know it's way
different on camera than in person but
it really helps with the palm tree in
front of it because it helps me like see
it against like green and stuff because
obviously like I love my palm trees so
like looking at it that way I'm like I
kinda I'm kind of vibing with this
bottom line you guys I am shook it shook
to the edge I'm fangirling so hard okay
so I see a third Alicia I was like what
is it it's like who is sending me this
stuff and I open it so if you guys
didn't see I was freaking out because I
finally did I like I worked with
Starbucks I'm promoting one of 30 drinks
and I was like fangirling over that I
did not expect this they sent me a care
package oh my gosh are you ready for
this iced peach green tea we have us one
of this well like hot pink bottles we
have a pink this is like the cutest
coffee thing ever
a makeup huh from Becca by Chrissy
Teigen so cute stickers and emojis a
Starbucks hop socket and to make it
better
a handwritten note xoxo your barista BFF
at Starbuck every freaking day I'm gonna
have my coffee in this you guys goes to
me like hey guys I have my coffee and
being all basic and whatever oh my god
and there's cute little temporary
tattoos like I wasn't expecting it to
off aq Starbucks fun with the vlog also
we have two other boxes I feel like we
should really quickly do another
unboxing get baked it's good for you
definitely baking oh my god that's
Tiffany why oh why oh my god they
literally said like powder as in like
makeup like baking your concealer but
then they also send this entire baking
thing with sprinkles with cupcakes and
with a frosting yeah that's a really
cute font oh that's funny only I would
think that that's hilarious thank you
tart this is hilarious Wow I am like sat
right now okay take one we are filming
you guys see a little behind the scenes
I'm nervous than nervous are we good are
we good
is that good yes so I'm gonna flip from
here to here babe did we already post on
our Instagram today we did you guys she
did you didn't see it hey ash what do
you think of closed Instagram ploys
Instagram is perv she's on her game
ghoul feed girls babes beep ghost oh my
god
come on you look so cute babe
even though the coffee one is my
favorite I think my favorite is the
fourth of July because I didn't know she
was posting and then as she posted and
it made me very happy and it also shows
her underbite she looks so five seconds
yeah
five seconds beat them that's cute
you guys we got a package the first
order of my Urban Outfitters stuff is
coming you guys I said that home decor
vlogs are gonna be back because I
ordered a whole bunch of home decor
stuff this is the first thing it is here
let's open I already know what it is
home for luxe on it ready oh yeah yeah
oh my god I want something like this for
a really long time and then I saw the
urban had it online I'm kind of
forgetting this is on sale or not I
don't think it was but there was a small
chance at my event I pictured this over
at the desk I'm like right over here and
then we can ask photos and like little
to-do reminders and this looks good it
looks real good okay so it's basically
this huge wire wall grid like that is
what it looks like
correction that is what its gonna look
like I'm so excited
so I pictured this like up here ooh ooh
or it could go up here at do you like
the wire thing above this it looks
really good with the Cologne and then
when that other thing comes it could go
next to this or do you like this over
here because this one I really need some
help to I pictured it here when I bought
it but now I'm like pull that other
thing which I've no idea when like right
here right let's do this and we can
always move it - are there two more
command hooks yeah what up guys so I
just wanted to end this vlog thank you
so much for watching I hope that you
liked it and I will see you guys really
soon with a new one I love you guys
