yay
vlog is up only took me all morning but
that's okay yes
anyways it's time time for some more
coffee good morning guys
let's see question of the day let's go
see you guys wake up this morning I woke
up at 8 28 30 ish and um it is now
currently like 10 something it literally
seemed to be my vlog up I don't know why
I don't I really don't know what I'm
going to grab my coffee that's being
made over there then I'm going to put
some makeup on and then we are filming
today today is a very fun filming day um
me is actually going to come over a
little bit later but then before that
for that we are still me oh I love how
my cups is coffees well I would agree
that I am a coffee snob go to song oh
yeah oh we should put on
don't lie okay try to do something with
this face oh I need my truth we want
that I use this up all the time
this is Smashbox primer water I love it
and I guess we might as well them oh my
god you guys missed it I wish I was
recording I'm thankful the cameras
working literally you guys don't even
know I'm your dick you guys you guys the
camera was sitting here I didn't touch
it or anything and all of a sudden it
just falls straight down and my coffee
literally it comes falls straight down
from here like this was I'm so stupid my
coffee was right underneath it blintz
first it literally fell like that I
freaked out there's coffee everywhere I
had to clean it up oh that was a moment
my question to myself is why wasn't i
recording because that would've been so
funny like after I knew my camera was
okay which thankfully it is it was like
why in the world was ever so I think my
camera is working because now it's kind
of tripping out and I had to turn it off
and on again so I might be getting a new
camera soon which hopefully I will not
need to that would suck ah okay anyways
and I finished doing my makeup all did
you guys soon
I think so I use weird I think so okay
so makeup is pretty much done my
camera's still tripping I'm not sure oh
go ahead and open it back in the office
I've been probably felt by the blue
couch finish my makeup I went for a more
my info was like a summer bronzy kind of
look which I'm liking a lot i soften on
some lipstick or something
oh my camera keeps turning itself off
this sucks
oh you got some packages I already
opened a lot of most of them so I'm not
going to do a full-on boxing but B&H
sent some stuff actually they sent like
huge packages so much haha this one
looks pretty I'm not sure how to do this
but Oh what is this a pencil at my
genius right oh it's a lot lighter
nothing hmm I wasn't expecting it to be
that light and doing this so messy
mm-hmm boom oh good we are at the beach
luckily I
be chronic wait shoot it summer I forgot
and I was like you know what and MCB
kind of overcast so we're good
very excited right now Gemma's yeah hi
she's helping film today oh good you
should have watched my new lineup for
summer video should have helped you out
guys we're we are filming roommate wars
be so excited because you have been
asking this for so long and Ashlyn are
having a blast filming us right now you
don't even know you don't even know it's
so funny so much sass so much savage huh
I am quick but it's fun
I'll say oh I'm starving Regis
regular follow my life so Ashley's being
extra and brought a trampoline to the
beach for pictures
do it for the install right do it for
the insta rag just rope won't work out
for the fall sweet food yeah 400 low hey
guys over top of the hanger so telling
Gosa little Lita is background the suit
found the swimsuit that I've always worn
and I was really happy look good yeah hi
me
much better
so yesterday at Target remember that
time that I was at Target and I blogged
it what video is incredible this is
noodles well I got this amazing thing
everyone joked that I go all out for my
videos I'm like yeah it's kind of true
cuz like I thought that I'd squirts out
water from like the nose so excited was
I think just this time yeah buddy
synchronize I was a camp Loki haha oh I
wasn't going to go swimming but then we
were like playing in the kiddie pool and
then I was like a little Marni wet and I
will go on the big pool now I'm like
someone consuming with wood useful with
me
Oh Oh No hi guys I see time it is
like 12:30 ish I want to say it's super
like definitely going to get ready for
bed and go to beds I'm tired and I like
to wake up kind of early tomorrow but
yeah thank you so much for watching I
will see you guys tomorrow most likely
with new video I think yeah I love you
Oh
