hello oh why are you why are you doing
that
hey guys what is up quick update I also
extremely blend into my bedding right
now I feel like I'm just kind of a
floating head bath cute hot let me we
open up the blinds oh oh so much better
oh can I say that I'm still not used to
blogging in this room I still I can't
someone tweeted me a picture the other
day of them finding a picture of my room
own interests and I died because I was
like oh my god like so some of you guys
know from my last vlog that we were
going to Portland if we're actually
there for 10 days I didn't really vlog
too much there honestly like I tried I
did get some footage thank you so much
thank you
I believe weird we're in Portland turned
whites in South West Park Avenue this is
not the right aisle hi oh we see a
popcorn haha I am sure dude yes watching
Remy's livestream Ronde vanilla latte
ice and can you put caramel drizzle in
the cup when you go to take a really
cute snapchat of your drink but then you
find out at the sticker is on the logo
but other than that it's just like today
as you can tell make up us on I took
shower my hair is air drying because I'm
always too lazy to actually dry it let
me know if you could relate oh we are
headed to Target today because I'm
getting some DIYs and supplies all that
fun stuff for building tomorrow because
I'm filming two videos tomorrow well as
one and a half one and a half videos
tomorrow oh my god I'm so excited should
be good my battery's flashing so let me
charge that so I can vlog fine later so
it's also kind of wrinkly but this is
the oo TV we got going on today shirt
some Urban Outfitters from it was from
my recent summer haul if you saw that
and then shorts are from American
Apparel so that is the
tt do you like that point yes sadly
American Eagles American what did I say
we're single American Apparel out of
business man
as always we got to clean up all the
makeup yes we do
also you guys look what happened to my
palette I'm so sad I'm so sad what what
is this like the mirror ha ha ha
hello where are we right target what are
we doing we're shopping at Target heck
yeah we are yeah oh oh this is that Club
on uh-huh
chuckling what month right now oh my god
why am i struggling so freaking hard
okay I tried to do that so cute oh that
was such a struggle guys target is
stepping it up with the inflatable
floaties like I never expected to see
this many awesome things like can we
talk about this coming there I really
want it but I love it's on sale though
wait this is so cheap I always pay so
much money for these this is only 16
dollars I wanted oh oh I'm such a hot
mess today
what video is in front awkward situation
is anyone low-key getting this you'll
understand why clothes slow nerville use
your noodle noodle
this is noodles fun fact I actually
never really likes PB&J otter but I
liked that bomb check our cart is just
looking you marshmallows trick like
we always buy such random things do
teach to do to doose's we've got the
good I guess we did we got Wi-Fi good I
am so hungry
okay I think
hey ash tummy secret really thinking we
should get spray tans if we're going to
be in bathing suit for the video
tomorrow
sheesh oh why can't buns always look
cute like this but no they got was like
this so update we got great hands last
night and I forgot the in the vlog so um
yeah but anyways what oh my god
I'm there's there's a sign that has like
a warning sign on my camera I've never
seen them anyway I just want to end this
vlog as you guys like watching it and
I'll see you tomorrow with a new vlog
and yeah
