hello guys what is up but here it's
kinda crazy I feel like I've been
vlogging a few days and that needs to
change
so it's changing let's see what's new
what's going on VidCon is tomorrow we're
going to be an Anaheim so that's really
exciting
doesn't filming today I still have one
more scene of awkward situations to get
done are you a snuff look at hello I'm
obsessed with my dog Chloe I don't even
know where your body is also got a
package from misguided as you can tell
this is literally not sponsored
whatsoever I ordered all this from
excited the first time you order off
their website they send you an email and
they give you a coupon for 50% off like
anything you buy is significant off the
first time the other night I ordered a
whole just stop and I thought that'd be
perfect for VidCon because VidCon this
week yeah but I don't really feel -
you'll see because I just cleaned out my
closet made some room for some more
stuff oh my gosh
just keep packaging the first thing that
I got is this t-shirt rack oh my god
it's just so cute it's to materials the
left sides like a satin material and the
right side is cotton so it looks like
this I thought this would be perfect
with my hair - messy ponytail with some
white sneakers super casual yet it still
looks really good yes I ordered this off
the shoulder white bodysuit which I love
anything off the shoulder and something
I could totally wear for VidCon maybe
like a party or something taken
advantage of that 50% off getting it up
one night on the floor
crazy I'm always going to like random
like carpets or events or Safari I need
to like look - can't show up in my PJs
ordered a few dresses because you can
never have too many like nice dresses
and this is one that I really really
like it's like a skater dress but the
top is all like caged I don't even know
if that's the right term for it and I
was super cute it's super low
bury me a next two things go together
you could buy them separate or like as a
set they are like this leather
embroidered
pretty soon this crop pop has a floral
and I have all these little what are you
probably clapping and there's a mapping
skirt to go with it to how freaking cute
is this upset
palm trees just you can know like
conferring next I got a couple t-shirts
because I really salute I just want some
cute like graphic tees it says Maui the
t-shirt and it has like the call right
here but then the rest of its off the
shoulder and it's just pastel and it
looks a retro Nikki if you're watching
this you'd be so proud of me because
it's yellow and I usually like don't buy
yellow shirts but I saw this and I was
like yo I like need this it's super cute
it's like kind of crops I thought they'd
be really cute with high-waisted jeans I
got this body to is really similar to
the white off the shoulder one this one
is just a floral light blue off the
shoulder one I thought this is super
super cute excited for that and then the
last thing that I got I'm pretty sure
this is another dress yes this is a
really cute dress and it's off the
shoulder but it ties on the side and I
hope that was super cute oh my god I
hope so much so that is everything that
I got from his guy dead 50% off guys get
on that Kim you guys have caved a cave
it officially happened I didn't think
this would happen I was staying strong I
was going to try my hardest to stay so
strong and not give in to the craze but
I got it alright sure everyone knows
because everyone has one of these I
literally think I'm the last person to
have one of these they're so addicting
they're so satisfying this is definitely
a satisfying thing as I would make a
video on because it should and Loki got
a noise of them I purposely didn't want
to get one because of how trendy and a
craze and everyone's doing every type of
fidget spinner anything sounds like I'm
not getting one then I went to the
orthodontist this morning and they had
them sitting there and I was like oh my
gosh it's better randomly sitting on the
desk of an orthodontist and they're like
yet you want one yeah
do I want one do I want a free one yeah
I wouldn't pay money for this well I
would now then I'd mentioned that my
sister and I lived together and we moved
and their life is your sister want one
yes she does so I got to fidget centers
these are so nice their quality fidget
spinners they're not cheap the quality
of this I can't believe I gave it any
button
oh my god these are legit I could sit
here and play them forever I'm not
kidding
like I said VidCon is tomorrow which
means I have to pack but I think I'm
going to do that tomorrow tonight I'm
actually going to go over to Mia's and
spend the night we're going to try to
get some editing done so I'm really
excited about that climate over there
and so freaking long so we talked about
it's the first day of summer and I am
literally in a long sleeve sweatshirt
and sweatpants so hot that I put on the
air for it like freezing in here so now
I'm cold rocking the two different
shades of blue so trendy guys yeah I
have a blue hook for like Power Rangers
I have hi
don't turn thank you haha oh man I feel
it so so so this is right this is what
happened how people get addicted then
you know like I have a superpower
actually I feel like that need Oh their
quality right quality the new miners'
there you go enjoy the fidgets Center
well we got another package oh my god my
Asus order came yes I must see them on
our I just no I thought I ordered this
for VidCon oh I forgot that I got super
quick haul
I've even apparently that's not how you
say it up like the American wait we see
adidas apparently uh DDoS or something
like that how is that wrong they're gray
so cute and then the top is pink I
thought that was really really cute so
we got some more ideas
I was in desperate need of new white
ninjas of my white snow shoes that I
have are literally brown literally wear
them everyday it was time for some new
white one sandals because I love heels
but I also don't like being super tall
anytime I can find cute sandals I'm all
about getting them probably going to
wear these for VidCon there's this trend
right now a lot of people don't like it
but I really like it really hi baby to
bottom or like they look like like
tights underneath your denim shorts
figure out you know I'm going to buy
some bathing suit bottoms to do that
trend with
wearing my underwear or tights you know
for more options I thought this would be
so super high waisted and then did them
short-sleeved young here you know so I
got to stop fading to bottom and then I
also got this beading to bottom and the
last thing that I got I'm so it kind of
a pink leather skirt is so freaking cute
oh my god is that not so you adorable I
love it and that's the hottest but we're
doing we are swimming oh no I dropped my
phone
awkward it's good don't worry we're good
you guys we are back so long one more
episode episode one more scene of
awkward situation we're by the pool
Tiffany's here wait you weren't close
last year summer awkward situation
Cuban is a year ago that was a year ago
a year ago you guys remember that it was
a lifeguard girls yeah you're like first
girlfriend looking at me like girl don't
take my man tell me one more scene this
should be good hey guys I just wanted to
quickly update the vlog I am currently
at Mia's apartment I was about to go to
bed because it's literally 2 a.m. and I
completely forgot to vlog I should
definitely end this vlog so I can start
tomorrow's vlog fresh and good thank you
guys so much for watching this vlog I
love you so much and I'll see you at
trouble
