oh hello guys Oh
what is up so today is who that is June
16th it is Friday June 16th and is
currently 10:22 a.m. oh yeah
today's an exciting day we are doing
some filming we're going to take some
pictures and the what oh we're gonna go
to the beach yeah very exciting good
morning babe
oh good morning all I love her
oh my god why are we so cute
nah I need to get ready we're going to
watch some YouTube videos my usual
morning routine is going to going to do
my usual morning routine of watching
some YouTube videos while drinking my
coffee what is the makeup on it three
kids what what though makeup is done on
let's see today's look gold smokey you
have some bullish shadows we have some
lashes we have like a nude lip oh I did
try out the this is the color pop
flexitarian super shock cheek like a
highlighter and I really like you at
first I wasn't sure if I liked it but
now I'm like okay I see that highlight
really like like I said yesterday my
goal is to try out new makeup products
every day to try something new um and I
really like this it definitely going to
use it tomorrow could a highlight be
popping this is such a cute angle okay
so now I have to figure out what outfit
I want to bring because we're going to
the beach to get some pictures and film
fall I don't know what to wear um I'm
like well we could wear that Oh bathing
suits outfits I'm going to job a good
good go into the basement yeah my base
pay sticking with pace right if I'm
gonna go into the base line
you're my base play sticking the
passerbys Kemosabe you've been on a
coffee
yuuma coffee gonna finish authorities
and get them what what I haven't and I'm
so freaking long we did the worker isn't
word it word word word
work or hay work had that wrong work hey
we're in a hey come from where you're
not there when we made it up ash insert
vlogger that was there 2015 was 2015 we
are going to wrap it finished products
not this isn't a thing I've been needing
to finish it I didn't know how to finish
it so here we go so what is the base Lee
yeah my face ain't picking up asabi yes
I turn on a coffee yeah coffee
competition Bobby is about work okay
guys what do I want what I want what I
want what I want it's not so good hi
guys this is gold lead Gaga has a drink
line with Starbucks like oh so jealous
okay I just ordered and I was so happy
because I was like it's gonna be bomb
vlog footage and I didn't even have my
camera on so Alicia's driving the
struggle bus Alicia chiming yeah and I'm
in the struggle bus driving this juggle
does thank you coming up driver award
over the house on the premise of reward
nothing I caught fire but we got the
birthday parties right a party
update we are at a man tomorrow someone
is going we're at the Santa Monica Pier
we're gonna film fancy pics for that Sun
will be good also brought the pennyboard
yeah it's in my bag Oh big bump like big
crack can't do that
of course we brought our pennyboard yes
we did whoo Jenny of the shadows are so
bad or no we are on the pier hi we are
currently penny waters and Santa Monica
we got them picked on the pier and it
was so awesome I feel like I look bald
with my hair up oh there's a huge bump
right there there's like craters over
here swerve it on this rock so we got
some really cute pics on the pier and
now we are going to get shoot a scene
first my video just say you'll race me
ash bog this is the ring its array I'm
going to come sandy oh shoot
um it looks like Alicia wine we all saw
that happening love you don't worry what
up you guys so we just filmed one very
awkward situation and hence wink-wink
huh it went it went good
every good so we're done filming we're
done getting pictures and stuff I'm
guessing we're going to go get some food
now hopefully traffic isn't gonna be too
bad or we can chill here at the beach
anyone guys can we not oh wait why is it
so dark let me walk backward guys my
hair looks like not looking cute anyway
I can walk backwards because it's light
we are currently going to earth to get
some food
whoo this fighting go enter here these
desserts always look so freaking good
fun fact this is the very first Earth
ever came to I know this is a very
purple time ever come to just kick back
at it again with eating before vlogging
my food some quick update we got some
food I got it again haha I got my usual
hummus and tabbouleh salad some pita
bread on the side and then we got some
fruit to share and then I have a feeling
we may or may not get coffee to go I'm
going to eat my mouth Thailand
oh yes it looks like I've been having
coffee all day but to my defense I
didn't even drink half of my Starbucks
so begun hold on son son stop can poop -
what is up you guys so I just wanted to
quickly end this vlog thank you so much
for watching I will see you guys really
soon with a new vlog and also I will see
you tomorrow
on my main channel because there is a
roommate wars video going up so get so
freakin excited for that I'm really
excited you guys gonna love it and yeah
I'll see you guys really - I love you
boom
