good morning Chloe
good morning cloud oh my god I can't
right now
stir-fry oh my god
good morning guys oh I'm so tired
mmm let's get coffee we got some coffee
now I'm going to sit at this desk for
probably an hour can edit yesterday's
vlog get that up for you guys
not my pasture
okay
so since I started organizing all of my
makeup yesterday so I decided that my
goal in doing my makeup today I'm going
to use some new products that I really
should try out so every day I use the
exact same makeup products and that's
like why I should try out some all new
stuff if you didn't see yesterday's vlog
I went through all of my brand new
makeup and I got out some things that I
really want to try out so one thing is
color pop there are seriously so I've
never tried their stuff and I really
want to try it out also I have new I
found a whole bunch of shape and take
concealers you guys know they're my
favorite I needed a darker one so let's
see that is can I also I really want to
try out this is the Alexis trend by
color pop collection they sent it last
week I think it looks so freakin pretty
so I really want to try that um there's
so much oh my god oh also the meetings
how it benefits we blush it's a gala for
Nia and it's like a really really it's a
really pretty gold peachy kind of color
and I thought that would be perfect for
summer so I'm going to put some with up
and then color pop also since some
eyeshadows so I think I'm going to try
out those if I can find them all
so just finishing up my makeup now and
now we curl the hair
so I tried to do this whole really cool
time-lapse thing of me doing my hair the
entire time and it still is my camera
turned off so that sucks but hair is
done put a little bit of a curl in it
and anyways I think it's almost time to
go actually have a meeting today and a
little bit update time so it's a lot
later and we are currently doing some
filming and the next scene involves me
being completely submerged wet in the
pool so I jump in like I'm not
complaining because it looks great it's
like super hot today so still gonna look
at that jump in so I figured I should
talk at this document it oh there's a
plane or something not me doing the
swimming no I don't think she wants to
go swimming I know guys here guys
I could create oh look at her look at
her like wrist like what rip exactly it
just straight downhill caught falling oh
I like the back of her head she's so
cute she's so cute so I'm extremely
excited for this next part because I get
to soak Ashley like no other are you
nervous or excited slightly nervous PS
your hair's keo ash got a haircut hey
guys I cut it you got it that's not even
funny that's in it oh my god wait that's
so funny dude this is gonna be such a
good video behind the scenes john reisel
and he's like splashing water promise
and her response looks like it's my
lifelong dream one more time
do it it's probably together yeah one
more time what do you mean one more time
right stand over there
I want to show you I wanna show you guys
what it looks like when we like your
shoes like a wet rat you're a trooper
everyone's gonna love Phineas he's so
good oh good
huh next scene mm-hmm she act like she's
mad but she was the one who was like do
all her times like a snapchatted you
guys these like bundle water bloom
things work out
they work so freaking good oh my god
low-key love how I have a camera so like
they wouldn't dare I'm gonna get Ashley
no no Ashley is using her as a security
blanket
back it up
you guys I'm horrible I totally forgot
the pen yesterday's vlog I apologize for
just for leaving you hang in C ways I'm
going to quickly edit it and get it up
for you guys so you can watch this so
yeah I'll see you guys tomorrow with new
box I love you Oh
you
