good morning guys what is up and welcome
back to the blog obviously and being
properly Talbot hanging egg chair saying
back home and you would know my last
vlog actually traveled to Nashville it
was such a quick weekend so I decided
just to kind of film a little bit and
show you guys comment weekend was but
don't follow me on snapchat or Instagram
or anything like that then you would not
know well you should really follow me
there because then you get to know what
I'm doing pretty much 24/7 I went to
Nashville to go to the Bonnaroo Music
Festival
what is up hi guys and guess who else
I've gotten look at all these people so
it was really cool I went with soap &
Glory and I had such a fun time so huge
shout out to them they flew us out had a
comment we had a so much fun
I saw John belly on
the weekend was amazing chance the
rapper killed it like it was so good
yeah again huge shout-outs dozen glory
they are amazing and I had so much fun
so thank you anyways today is my day and
you're back home obviously and yeah I
took a shower
put on some makeup lately remember
lately for me to makeup I have been
loving just a gold like eyeshadow on my
lid I think I'm just really inspired for
summer right now I'm like loving it
plans for today I have some laundry I
would love to get done I have some
packages I should unbox and I also want
to really organize my makeup
welcome to the office which is kind of
messy but kind of clean I just clean up
the other day we had so many magazines
laying around and I was like wait why
don't we just legit with them I look so
conceited having like having a magazine
that I'm like on the cover right there
but I'm proud of it okay
okay oh I'm probably like way too low
aren't I right like random stuff random
stuff here right now okay
this I am very excited for I've been
waiting for it and I already kind of
unboxed something very similar to it in
a blog not too long ago I had mentioned
that I got a new camera strap and I
ordered another one for my channel but
it hadn't come yet but it just came this
came all the way from Ukraine that's why
it took a while oh my god oh is this not
the cutest camera's job you've ever seen
it's just this really light pink camera
strap and I want it I just wanted a cute
one and I was looking everywhere
couldn't find a cute one anywhere and
then finally ended up on Etsy and I
found this and I was so excited for it I
feel like it's going to be super comfy
tunic top oh look we ordered some food
oh my god I ordered lemonade because I'm
so freakin hungry and we have absolutely
no groceries in this house because we've
been traveling so much lately so also
Ashley is currently picking up Chloe for
my parent talkin let's go to speaker I
haven't seen her and so on like actually
so long we have a blood orange lemonade
so freaking good they changed our straws
we black shall we do a food haul okay so
avocado and tomatoes because that's
really good some silverware oh I thought
they left forgot something how can be so
done Brussels sprouts and eight
pineapple chicken and I honestly forgot
what this is and it kind of looks
disgusting so hope we've got them most
of the way they probably thought this
was for two people and I'm low-key like
I said I ordered it all for myself
messy can you see this on fire okay so
after I eat I'm going to organize my
makeup because I have way too many boxes
of brand-new makeup and I need to go
through and figure out what I want to do
with them I'm not sure if I'm going to
have a giveaway I'm not sure some
student give them away and there's like
too much maybe I could probably do a lot
of it though yes lunch time with Alisha
question of the day what did you have
for work comment below I've just kind of
accepted I'm kind of a cheesy person
like and it's not cool like there's
certain people who just have this really
cool vibe about them
I'm just not not quite a virgin over
here just eating brussel sprouts my
kitchen so this is actually so
embarrassing please don't judge me
please don't judge me you guys aren't
ready for this all of this this makeup
and I know it's going to get a lot of
you guys probably mad a lot of you guys
probably wonder what I do in all the
makeup that company send me that I'm
constantly unboxing and hauling for you
guys well the answer is I honestly don't
have a system yet and I don't know what
to do with a lot of it so yes as you
know when my room got remade by mr. Kate
that she put in this dress there because
I said I wanted new makeup storage this
is going to be amazing because I have
just so much random makeup and it would
be so nice to have somewhere for all of
us to go oh my god literally all of this
makeup was all in this closet just like
chillin right there now that I think
about it there's actually more makeup
under my desk and the new makeup from
today I feel like I look ridiculous
sorry to carry all this so we can add
all of this there's also hits everywhere
guys I swear it's everywhere some good
news though is remember when I moved in
I bought a whole bunch of these lip
container things I still have a few that
I never really figured out really well
today I'm going to use these in the
dresser and I think that's going to help
so much I'm fully aware that this
probably sounds like a first of all
problem also watching me is video from
our collab so right now I'm going to go
through all this and figure out what I
want to keep and what I want to get rid
of I'll oh he don't even know where to
start right now I have this bag and I'm
going to start filling up just kidding I
ended up switching it and putting
everything that I wanted to keep in here
because I realized that there is a lot
less makeup that I want to keep then
what I want to get rid of so that made
it sometimes easier because it lives up
so freakin quick I think I've gotten it
pretty good almost done we got this you
can't even tell that I made a dent in
this but I promise I did and feels good
okay so I think I've gone through all
the lipsticks that I want to keep and I
got them making progress oh my god are
you so proud of me you guys so out of
everything this is all that I'm keeping
it's one bag and a box I am so proud
right now now I got to put all of this
in here oh and what's funny is that
isn't even my own personal makeup that's
just all the new makeup that I have yet
to really try out so I've kind of ran
out of time actually have a nail
appointment because my nails are in
desperate need of like a new set of
acrylic so Dawn Marie and I are going to
go get our nails done and this is when I
come back and probably gonna finish up
all this picking out what nail color I
want we all know it's not going to be
like super vibrant so they're going to
be white or like a light pink and also
debating if I want like a design I don't
know my nails are so better knocking not
like to get them redone oh hi we don't
know what we're gonna get are you
getting a pension I'll see you guys in a
bit how do you so needed guys update I'm
is a lot a lot later and it's currently
10 256 p.m.
currently my room got back to the nail
salon this is what we ended up doing
actually I got them so much shorter I
actually really really love how they
turned out light pink and white matte
with like silver stripes on them and
these is that one has little gems and
that one has like a gem I don't know I
thought it was killed also look who's
here hello bunny oh babe I missed you so
much the viewers have missed you she's
been partying it up at gamble and
gambling house oh my god my heart is so
happy we're about this soon hardcore
right now anyways I just want to end
this vlog I'm going to go to bed how's
that you liked it and I'm going to
finish that mess of a makeup situation
thing tomorrow but yeah I love you guys
and I'll see you super soon with a new
vlog so if you like this one give it a
thumbs up and yes love you bye
oh okay now I'm just gonna take off my
makeup it
