good morning guys what is up anyways
today's Sunday currently 221 p.m. we are
ready we're going to get some hopefully
breakfast because we really want
breakfast even though it's two I'm
determined I think we'll find something
I mean get you up here
oh my god people are like wow wow this
never happened
you look so cute you always like you
know is like no from day one will going
look looking so cute I blue insert so
it's like OD status because it's all
three of us you've got here is staying
out here yeah yeah Alex well he's not
here yet we've come tonight so we just
wanted to stay longer
yeah and then we're like whoa we're
staying today to have life long now
granted some pictures because some
food's gonna be good
you guys get to come along guys are
literally walking to brunch and look so
we run enter and then we were walking
and we want to make sure we were walking
the same way so we didn't awkwardly say
by an Intel what so far what have you
guys learned what are the net by no
offer is that I'm so awkward we put our
name in and we are going to triple
relief I'm so excited is still serving
brunch because that sounds so good I
know how hard it is fighting is right
now we got some food shut up music even
amazing surprising you so is currently
3:30 and we haven't eaten anything chops
name Cheops you got trendy candy to grab
your chair got a in the life of
youtubers everyone is des most
definitely staring
okay thank you okay we got a lot I'm
going to put some CB up in this
currently headed to Topshop not like we
need to shop but we're probably going to
anyway but using on wheels they're so
freakin cute you really want them count
a few things yes
also stocking up on new chokers because
I feel like I've lost almost all of mine
I'm excited yeah yes life hacks does the
waste fit around your neck it works
actually I love you think about those
words
I never like try anything on
I found this black choker with a little
like charm bond which was super cute to
miss white one at first I was like no
that's not cute and then the more that I
thought about it I thought it was super
cute so I got that one too and then this
last one was just filling aren't getting
two more this one was like super I don't
know just cute and then just a plain
black one because I've lost all of my
flame black ones pink there honestly
there were so many cute ones super cute
oh my gosh jump that's so you got some
stuff not like I need a shot because I
shop away too much honestly though the
anthem really cute stuff though so you
guys should get a chop shop at the tank
you have currently headed to Columbus
Circle sweet I was Brandon but I'm going
to take some photos and pictures and
stuff
we are low-fired yes means work me me
this lighting is good
Brandon tears oh tears over there
getting her first photo okay we should
look like we're having a photo shoot
I love it here living here yeah you need
to encourage yeah oh my god oh my god oh
my god oh my girl immunise so we're like
walking in Central Park they're over
there by the fountain we probably looked
so crazy people are staring at us and
like it was funniest they don't know
that we're friends with them there were
two girls over here crying what up you
guys
update time we are currently going to
get some dinner now we're going to cheer
on ramen so excited I probably said it
wrong so this is the best ramen I've
ever had in my
let me tell ya it was amazing they
opened one here in Brooklyn so you sit
in the little booth
you guys remember and then they just
bring out your food if you thank you you
can't tell you how excited I am for this
or this one good morning guys I just
wanted to quickly end this vlog I hope
that you liked it sorry that was kind of
like all over the place it was such a
crazy crazy day but yeah II liked it and
don't forget to watch my new main
channel video it is up girl struggles on
social media and let me know if you can
relieve any of those chuckles because
same yeah anyway I'll see you guys
really soon from about to start today's
vlog so yeah
