hey guys what is up
oh my god haha like this is a not click
big huge room reveal is happening and I
can finally share with you guys at my
bedroom first off two things one mr. K
actually uploaded the huge room
transformation video like it's up right
now so I'm going to have a link to it in
the description box also little sneak
peek this Sunday I'm uploading my huge
room tour my video for it so get really
excited for that mark your calendars get
ready to go out to her video today and
then on Sunday don't forget to watch my
video most of us probably already like
to fast forwarded just to like the
review part that's cool if you're
watching this hey just to show you a
little before in case you forgot what my
room looks like this was the before okay
guys so here is oh my god here is the
before of my room everything is out
except for my bed I have like an idea
what it's going to look like but overall
I don't really know as you can tell it's
just super dark my bed's way too small
for that room like nothing really goes
since I knew I was moving I knew I was
probably going to have mr. Keaton do it
oh my god oh my god oh my god that's why
I never even tried to decorate my room
because I knew I was going to get it
done I don't want to lease money anytime
I've logged my makeup I felt like the
background looks super ugly and just
like not cute I've been dying to show
you guys this for the past few weeks
here you go
please enjoy okay guys so we're about to
do the huge reveal I was like so excited
I was amazing I get nervous laughing
claims no I'm not even a fan you made
some girls a you lock you in wait okay
we're going to walk you in with your
eyes closed we're gonna walk in and also
will tell you when open your eyes okay
your goods been a nice long hallway here
lock board
we're live logging and we're going to
stop right about here we're gonna count
it oh my god okay fun
yeah Wow
oh my god no oh wow
makers at custom neon art oh my god
nursing off to sleep I've always wanted
I love oh right epic marble wall they're
just yet I can't what the wallpaper you
guys how amazing is this I can't oh my
god this is oh my god I can't I'm going
to be doing my makeup here every single
day so excited get ready for so many
vlogs so many room videos I love the
knees oh my god oh my goodness I'm in my
new room I'm officially just in my room
what is life here's the hard part I'm
not allowed to post anything about this
until mr. K puts up her video which i
think is going up in two weeks two weeks
you guys I can't vlog in here for two
weeks and I'm so sad and I thought about
it and I was like you know what Alicia
by the time I can show it I won't be as
Desai's about it do you know what I mean
so I decided so we're still going to
vlog I'm just not going to upload it
until the episode comes out I love it so
much oh my gosh you guys I'm so excited
to finally have a good background for
filming videos and for vlogging like and
you see this you see the marble the
marble wallpaper is everything you have
a vanity the bed fireplace
oh my god this little bit oh my god yep
this is my new room Oh oh my god I can't
I can't
can we talk about this lighting I keep
like mmmm
oh this is closed right now I can even
make it brighter what is this that's me
I should just wake up and be like
morning guys and it's so bright thank
you also the set is so comfy you guys
and then every day I'm going to do my
makeup right here
Jaime everything about this I'm loving
so much Palm Springs I've hello my
coffee let's do our makeup so this whole
dresser is gotta be for my makeup I
still have to like organize it all but I
really want to do that on camera I think
I'm going to wait and vlog like the
whole process is like reorganizing my
makeup getting rid of old stuff I'm like
I'm just cleaning out this thing so this
will be so organized I can't wait and
then my vivid I got to make my bed oh
and then just light hey oh my god so
five I feel like and I'm just like
running around it's my first time doing
my makeup here gonna watch some YouTube
videos while you're watching your name
make done and it feels so weird I feel
like I'm in the future because I know
you guys won't see this for such a long
time that fills me also I'm thinking
this is probably going to be my new
background set up soft but yeah like I
have to start today's vlog and I'm
behind on that so I feel like I should
probably go do that ah okay
what are they guys like this video
seriously thank you so much for watching
I know I've been wanting to like I've
been dying to show you this for so long
don't forget to check out mr. Kate's
channel in the description and also
don't forget about my video going up on
Sunday get so excited I love you guys
I'll see you later bye yeah
