good morning to the vlog hey guys what
is up
I've missed you so much actually Loki
don't wanna brag but guess who's meant
on her vlogging games yes although
tomorrow I'm extremely busy so I'm not
sure if I'm going to be able to film a
vlog tomorrow
burn time why not today is another
filming day yes we was so productive
today's gonna be so productive and that
right club
I love through and love her so much hey
you I you text she went for a walk
yesterday she went for a walk today
didn't we we are just one tired little
pup anyway um we are filming some DIYs
today and I actually really really like
them I've been waiting to do one of them
for like over a year now so yeah I did
my makeup I still have to finish doing
my hair I slept in a braid and it was
curled yesterday so I accepted like
brush it out and hopefully make it look
good nikolic decent looks a little
ratchet right now though here if you
can't set up we got going on I was
quickly importing some stuff yet oh hey
guys any update on the car yes my mom
called and how'd it like looked over and
they're saying it's not worth getting
fixed and then she called my she calls
her cousin who's a car guy and he said
the same thing so Africa car shop I know
you by should call car shopping so fun
why do you why do you have to be sad
about it because I feel like I'm the
type of person that's going to cry you
are you're gonna cry over your leaving
your other cars oh I know I know you I'm
excited and I'm excited because like a
syllogism to need to buy a car it's not
me just being like I want a new car but
I'm gonna cry when I do boys are these
we should let's go car shopping next
week like legit oh my god
having fun if you like how to GoPro to
your head the whole time and every time
it just looks cool
yeah
update time you guys I feel so bad I
don't even remember the last thing that
I've slogged so sorry about that but it
is currently five three six Wow
currently exactly 3:15 p.m. on this
lovely Wednesday so ashen I found we got
so much done you guys I basically have
like two videos filmed for the upcoming
week's episode I told you I'm still like
on that like good pump feeling motivated
silly inspired so I'm all about that I
also have to kind of get ahead because
this weekend is beautycon if you guys
don't know I'm going I'm pretty sure
tickets already sold out but I'm Mia and
I are having a meet-up together so it
should be a super fun yeah I'll be in
New York this weekend me and I come back
on Monday so currently headed to Joan's
on third on Third Street because it's
Joan's on third and it starts to get it
I'm meeting up with Tom Murray for a
little bit so that should be fun I
should probably book a spray tan for
tonight and then Aaron's are going to be
coming over later we decide we're gonna
have an editing day and just cook and
hang out guess you made dinner
yes wifey status we cook top boys
everything Oh fun to update you guys
with everything sure no cars are coming
so lunch was good and now I'm in traffic
there's so much traffic
I'm question of the day everyone asked
question of the day how old are you
comment down below how comment down
below how old you are I really hope you
can even see me in this because I need
to get my camera tripod think it's
inside I'm not sure where it is honestly
so I have to hope that you don't fall as
you're sitting on there also book to
spray-tan for tonight because so
exciting I'm actually going to the
Pirates premiere tomorrow and I Astra
narrowing with fangirled so much when we
got invited
I like oh my god I have a pirate whole
pirate I'm serious I hope it's really
good and yeah so I got a free hand for
tonight hopefully I can get my nails in
in the morning because men are kind of
grown out seriously so excited like I'm
orange hold it a little bit I was still
so disgusting after get spray tans like
oh I actually look what I look like I
don't even know what I look like
look at her look at her Chloe hi why are
we so that's a pool that is a pool I
don't think you'd like that
hey guys no I quickly just wanted to end
this vlog I was editing it right now and
I realized I didn't end it whatsoever
and like sometimes it's okay to just end
it without like a formal ending you know
but this one I just felt like was really
weird so yeah sorry any fog was on the
shorter side I love how I said how I'm
on my vlogging game low-key don't want
to brag but guess who's been on her
vlogging game yes and then that very
vlog was super short so I'm sorry about
that anyways I'll see you guys most
likely swear I'm gonna try to fall today
so yeah let me guess please look
