it's beautiful morning oh that looks
beautiful
good morning guys
what is today hmm I don't even know I am
feeling it so productive because I'm
like just just I don't know how are you
guys yeah what is up what's new Josh and
I are about to have some breakfast
I have legit hot avocados hoes every day
for the past week I think it's so bad
like it's so bad we have a rule or not
Oh her we got breakfast it's not the
most appetizing looking but I can place
off these real bomb
good morning us oh my god yeah
so we're going to eat no up to you guys
in a bit time to my makeup yes also I
really want to turn this light on well
really want to get a little like tripod
or just somewhere where I can always
stick this camera when sitting here at
this done Kentucky is the windowsill but
I'm like not sure about it
makeup is done yeah this is the look we
got going on today also you may notice
those things right over there you guys
I'm going to be filming today and it's
been such a long time since I filmed a
haul and I figured you know what I want
to film a haul I haven't someone in so
long
it's most likely going to go on my main
channel if for some reason I put it on
my blog channel like don't be surprised
yeah I am planning on doing a huge
summer haul that I'm very excited for
yeah I think the last real haul that I
did was my what I got for Christmas and
before that was Black Friday and I was
like you know what I love watching malls
I know you guys like watching them all
so I feel like we should just upload a
whole anyways I still need to curl my
hair I was really hoping it would air
dry prettier it's kind of like myrrh so
we're gonna curl it yes if you guys live
hauls and you want to see more
definitely let me know comment below who
actually a comment below that you want
to see more hauls and on which channel
you want to see more hauls what's that
is I have more stuff in my car that I
need to get so it's going to be a good
one
now you've got to clean up all this it's
always so hard to do any hand out there
we go
I literally hear Ashley right now
singing our vlog music I'm giving them
an idea if this law oh we're home dude
did you do I love crafting coming for
Alicia today so we're in her new room
gotta get that thumbnail though right
how much shopping I didn't tell laid
everything out is the who crazy who's
excited for hahaha oh my god I love how
like just adding this little bit of
color like changes my room so much like
now that the room is all like done I'm
so excited to like personalize it more
you know like I added these books in
this candle but like a picture frame
okay let's build this my choker is
crooked like every second of my life is
seriously outfit change it was needed
and finger I'm afraid you sound super
excited I'm getting major throwback
vibes to our old apartment
I think filming in front of it that
helps so much do you any man is just
like play
I'm responsible yeah filming is done
super productive oh my god also I wanted
to show you guys this because I'm not
putting it in my haul video because it's
not it's just like random I got a new
YouTube notebook oh my god I am so
excited because I used to always use a
YouTube notebook long story short I've
gone through so many notebooks and I
haven't found one that I've really liked
and this one I saw anthro and I was like
you know it's super cute so start
somewhere I love the quote and it is a
bound by roll notebook I'm so picky with
notebooks and I feel like going to love
this one because it opens all the way
spiral but it's bound so the spiral is
not going to come undone it's the little
things in life that make you happy
me with a notebook real excited about
this gonna use it like today so I got a
package from wildflower I don't know if
you can see at all wait for it some
wildflower cases and I'm really excited
about this because I feel like I really
need a new phone case for my phone so
hopefully there's something we like
let's see can us do look here like super
low but oh my god oh you enjoy your new
cases love like so it's a 7 Sidney pink
time
oh my god it's just so freaking cute no
oh my oh my god hey no you guys know me
this is the funny part like literally
can't can we can we just all these are
pink
all of them are pastels oh my god ok so
the first one is this ice cream line
that I love oh my god I love this line
other one is pink checkered which is
super cute and then this one too which I
love I don't know I literally don't know
which one I want to put on my phone
first
I love the lumi but it's so bulky and
I've had it honestly for what like six
months now so I feel like I should
change my case oh you guys which one
should I do comment below which one's
your favorite which one you think I put
on my phone and we'll see if I pick the
one that you do so you think oh I'm
this is a problem I literally can't
decide I'm loving the Rose one honestly
but I'm also really loving this ice
cream I feel like it's perfect for
summer first let's see if I can get this
case off because last time I tried I
couldn't burn anything hey wait like a
Hello nope
oh my god it's so dirty like I'm just
now another thing how dirty this is hmm
I think I got it I think I got it oh
there we go oh my god this is so thin
I'm not oh my god sisto's and I'm not
used to that oh my god it's so thin I'm
not used I'm not used to this like legit
not used to having such as in case
something is so bulky this is basically
two cases put together now I don't want
to cover it with a pop pocket that's my
only my only polymer maybe only some
pictures with it and then I'll put a pop
socket on because oh oh my god wait do
you want to take these I haven't written
in so long let's do it
so John Murray and I decided that
instead of walking to get coffee we are
going to ride we're gonna ride to get
some coffee I just think that putting it
that one on thank you struggling because
I want to take a snapchat of this but I
was like wait my phone is most
definitely right here I probably
couldn't do that so I was like I'm going
to vlog this
oh oh I thought my battery died my
betters Esther died we're having so much
fun right now like lo keem not even say
yes in our old apartment we didn't have
like an area tour like ride around so
now we
