I saw you and I you know it's red you
need a cross
you guys get for we know you always say
that I think to myself I'm not used to
seeing me well I'm the new over here
hall at Disneyland you got a first visit
pence first time she was really excited
about it currently in Hollywood studios
on it's our hair so much fun it's so
much better than the one in California
Hollywood powerful so we got some
Starbucks Ashley got a Frappuccino
what's up with them I can't remember
like I'm at a cappuccino it was a
much-needed coffee break
shall we go I look naked I'm not as
where you're on the roller coaster yeah
I guess from here no I mean Anna is
audio oh yeah yeah yeah she's famous are
graduated MacLeod Animal Kingdom is one
other my favorite part Animal Kingdom
pretty there's so much greenery it's
animal I finish never lose your two
favorite Ryan I'm so excited
some so close Oh a ladybug literally
doesn't fit me can we come to the front
we're waiting for the car oh my god
they're just around 18 inches helping
apartment name of sooner Olympic two
quarters to stock up on clothes I can't
I don't want to make mom mad oh oh my
good good morning I'm really hungry
hi I'd like to place an order for two
can I get them make you waffle with
chocolate chips oh my god even the
butter has the Mackay's on them bless
the world so Ashley and I got some
breakfast - sheriff we got to make you
off them and then bacon and eggs
plenty of coffee we are ready for Disney
World Magic Kingdom to be exact hair is
done makeup is done
ears and hands let's do it it is
gorgeous out
first time so do you see this castle and
it's the most expensive souvenir that
you can buy guess how much it is
$32,500
I lied I totally lied this is the most
expensive food where you can get thirty
seven thousand five six dollars oh my
god it's just beautiful look at a
$37,000 oh that is so crazy
oh my
we're getting a picture in front of the
castle pretty basic like no other cards
each other huh
you tell my oh no I didn't wander strong
Georgia got attacked by a straw it was
an intense moment okay
so I don't know if you can see this I
bought this shirt last night I yeah why
did myself
I totally cut it up this morning and I'm
low-key really proud about it can you
see this
just hangin out pick some pictures we
just went on the snow white mining train
one so good my though my bow having boat
issues
fit later we're going to get the Lynn
why not the things idea for cute
pictures it's $12 $12 for this thing
what for perfect idea but it kind of
look at the wheel
so we always get so many looks for more
blogs and it's different when the
cameras pointed at something else but
when it's pointed towards your face when
you're talking to it is when you really
I was telling them how funny it looks to
vlog in public oh my gosh yeah how
people stare at you like everyone
looking at me right now hey prime
example if you want to go on Big Thunder
where to now time to get ready for fire
where I belong keep cutting
