good morning everyone
what is that welcome to today's vlog I
was just sitting here doing my makeup
and then I realized at least show why
aren't you blogging he's your boss so
you should watch anyways let's get you
guys all set up okay so I was just
sitting here watching some YouTube
videos and I was watching vlogs and then
I realized Alecia you haven't started
Said's Volks oh you really should I'm
currently getting ready as you can
probably tell do I love to do
how do I do more for my eyes let's do it
tomorrow I actually have a really quick
little photo shoot like nothing crazy so
that should be fun and then after that
Ashley and I are filming pretty much the
rest of the day so that's exciting
oh my god oh my god I ordered stuff from
Sephora I forgot ordered some makeup
from Sephora so not gonna lie I was
watching mani MUA his best its 2017 top
and he made me place an order on support
I don't think I've ever really a place
like a makeup order like online I
usually just go into Sephora but uh so
the main thing he made me get was this
Bobby Brown face face she was using as a
primer I was like ooh I feel like I
could really use that wow this is so
funny I wasn't expecting to do a whole
unboxing Hall right now hey this is so
depressing I wish I used this today but
I'm gonna have to wait till tomorrow to
use this that is so exciting
and then I got this Marc Jacobs eye
palette honestly I have a ton of
eyeshadow palettes but lately when I've
been traveling there's not one palette
honestly that I have that has every
color that I want it's either all matte
or it's like too warm but I saw this one
and I honestly thought this looked
perfect ah this is the ambition palette
from Marc Jacobs and that looks really
really really really pretty dang I just
did my makeup and then two more things I
also got the Urban Decay all nighter
spray I used to have this a long time
ago and I just stopped using it I'm
pretty sure they've changed the formula
this is something I can actually use
today because I haven't like fully
finished so I'm gonna spray that one
after and then the last thing I got was
this lips
ensoniq truth from Marc Jacobs so we got
new lipstick
yeah oh my god that was the quickest
Sephora unboxing haul I think I've ever
done I can actually use this now this is
just like a perfect pink nude color no
party okay oh also see it was the first
day in a long time that I went back to
the Fenty foundation because I've been
using the Tarte shape as a foundation so
I'm really curious if stay like my fenty
one more because I really really really
really love this foundation I also
really really love the Too Faced peach
perfect foundation these to have in my
all-time favorite foundations I think
ever in my whole life so we're trying to
Finnigan today let me know on your end
if you think you like the look of this
one better or I'm rambling so much I'm
excited to use one of the products oh I
opened ooh quick okay makeup is done
this is honestly the most makeup I feel
like I've worn in a while hmm
anyways I definitely need to put some
outfits together and I'd like to leave a
little early so I get some coffee
because that sounds great
okay Oh let's get these don't want
anything from here I think we're good
but let's go to the closet okay so I
have some options over here this is like
this slip dress thing and I low-key have
not worn this since Coachella of last
year but just crazy so I was like okay
let me just try to like work with this
let me see we can do and then I think
I'm gonna do just like a really come out
fit I got this skirt which is just like
a jersey kind of like sweatshirt skirt
which is really cute like it has a
pocket like a sweatshirt it's so cute so
option number one weight this skirt
though is so come and it is like super
super cute I'm kind of like an option -
fun fact every time I try on outfits I
always just wear like one shoe because I
need to put the other one on this is
cute I like it okay let's go update time
it is currently 128 and photo shoot is
done guys it went so well I really liked
this girl it was my first time meeting
her but her stuff is real good I'm gonna
be back on my Instagram I promise
real soon yeah so since I was on Melrose
I figured I'd have an excuse to get some
Alfred coffee which is the butt
caffeinate then dominate go we got an
iced vanilla latte with some almond
milk up in her and now we're gonna drive
home I have an intro to film for I've to
film I have to film oh and then I'm a
doctor appointment later in a few hours
so we're gonna go home get some food
filmed our intro and then go to a doctor
we are home hey ash hi got the good yeah
although I feel like I can't really say
that unless at Starbucks like we got the
goods is like what do I say it will
target just kidding yeah I say with
everything about to film for a little
bit yeah it excited kind of behind of my
vlogs right now I still have a vlog to
get up before this one and my
personality tends to be like you know
what who cares just start from today and
not upload that whole vlog but then I'm
like we should 20:18 you need to stop
thinking that way you just gotta upload
it so I've loved editing to do tonight
but that's ok anyways we are going to
edit now no we're not we're gonna film
behind the scenes let's go testing
testing 1 2 3
hey what is up welcome back to much
handle
whenever you're ready update time we
wrap we go always come here know this
refers to hang out the new year I know
last time we were here was so crowded
and there was like Christmas stuff
everywhere why am i blocking the mic oh
shoot I should have walking the mic fail
update I met the girl banana
we're gonna go to Cheesecake Factory
because that sounds so good
I think that was one of the first places
that we liked so we got filled because
they always got rid of my favorite stuff
it was change up the menu on me
oh hello just got home was so fun and
meeting up with Aaron I haven't seen him
in so long I think the last time I saw
him was like sometime during vlogmas i
remember it was like Christmassy and
stuff but it's been a bit so I didn't
talk too much but honestly lighting
Stockton Cheesecake Factory and it was
really loud so I figured you guys
wouldn't be able to hear me anyway like
I said it just got home I picked up a
few things from at Sephora when I was
there literally like two things but you
know we are hung and the door's locked I
know Mikey actually help me hey guys
what is up so I just want to end this
vlog I think you so much for watching
and I will see you really soon with a
new one
