good morning
what is that more like good afternoon
because it's definitely 1127 right now
yeah that happened
hmm I want coffee Carbineers tap the
technique where I had to get the caramel
oh hey guys morning morning good morning
Orlando Oh bless the world
oh-ho we got a bagel and that looks so
good go to Carmel is this not the most
beautiful sight you've ever seen just
like Hello
oh my god it's so good it's so good
number two this morning coffee does that
to me Starbucks is trying to pass dried
blueberries for regular blueberries in
the blueberry oatmeal ridiculous
that's what's whip I have been checking
pop at Starbucks now shut up damn
balloon profit karma I never seen this
ever
milk chocolate eat peanut butter rebel
saw Bob so it is currently 144 p.m. and
we are currently getting ready yeah we
are whoo some eyebrows to do obviously
and not highlights all I like though we
can't forget on to highlight I wish I
could set you guys mm we're going to
take this tissue box this tampon box or
an alert egg after I ever did me wrong
oh my god looking for that new Robo
computing so Ashley I have a panel said
and it's at four o'clock icing gives me
that three and we actually were early so
I'm just going to take my time with no
makeup guys Ashley the vlog camera got
stolen on the flight yeah don't you hate
when when you know it's gone yeah
there's been a few times where I'm like
no I I know it's like it's gone
walking with me like we don't know how a
matter new Oh so whoever stole it what
airline Americans on American Airlines
or if you failed the camera was very
Marilyn so we are on a mission to get
food we are dressed we are
haha we got food no we're good thank you
so much thank you for y'all perfect
Oh getting some lunch got a house salad
with um chicken I love how John Murray's
hair discipline
Oh cut it small tunnel oh there's a
lighting go you've done yeah I looked at
my backpack thermal applause thank you
this boyfriend Austin neckline what are
you but are you know you guys need to
come next year because we're all hanging
out we mix yeah she's like way back baby
max hey man max baby who's me showing up
not much my are you the universal oh
yeah I read tomorrow morning bout to our
panel and excited more so because it's
absolute first time when we get to do so
better true guys remember green room but
cameras family is important and actually
hard add accessibility
I'm the only boy here I'm supporting
subscribe smack baby subscribe compare
to right yeah after I'm meeting so many
of you guys Luka wanted to do Bob
ception I was like girl we got you so
here we go ready oh my gosh my vodka is
Lucas life and I main channels Lisa
Winokur day well our deiphebus
actively day three of playlist we are
currently going to go watch Mia's panel
India people are looking so forth to
seeing like what you're doing every
single day especially if you tell them
you're doing it like they wake up in the
morning and they're so excited to see
your videos that's how I am when i watch
daily corners as well they can and I'm
going to go edit help you movie sounds
good I said it's almost like a talent
they are currently headed to today we're
headed to Universal yeah art out so you
can get closed down the park ride in the
water on the first stop we're going on
the road definitely cannot vlog
guys we just went on that there's so
much fun
ash but are you so excited for Harry
Potter I'm gonna - say she's on another
world and no happy on another one this
is my time not going to be much Hannah
so thank you everyone asked me with my
favorite ice cream flavors and we stay
cookie to us my all-time favorite ice
cream flavor is sticky toffee pudding
but you can't find it anywhere
but they have it here and Harry Potter
that makes me so excited and it's
melting like hardcore right now what up
you guys
