good morning guys what is a unemployed
yesterday sorry honestly was so busy I
feel like yesterday's vlog would have
been so boring that's my alarm I always
set an alarm of what I need to leave the
house and it helped me so much and
that's about one suber is three minutes
away
I'm currently headed to the airport
because going to New York Corrections
going back to New York because I was
literally there like not even what two
weeks ago a week and a half ago but I'm
traveling with me if I'm really excited
about that because I really I mean
traveling by yourself is kinda boring
yeah so all packed up and you got to be
so proud of me I'm only there for a
weekend and I put everything in a small
suitcase which is kind of a big deal for
me behind yes okay I guess I'll wear the
backpack let's go let's get it let's get
it my skin it's true yes okay let's go
just got to the airport going to be you
know but I can't talk going to meet up
with Mia and yeah hope it's good fight
and I plan a sat at the entire time but
oh I found it we've found our bug
there's the whole goal oh cool I'm not
going to get a soul oh you mean a and
can I also get a grande I'm getting even
a latte which going off can I get ice
yeah
with them
we got in I didn't even know a latte
with soy milk went back to my my use and
a spinach feta wrap anyways where are we
we r 8 16 or a session for this first
time minutes forever that me and I have
an early flight but that's the person we
miss early we're normally like the last
one but you know this people that you
hate because they like run on the
blaylock that's usually us so we're just
going to be enjoying our service so I
were good together so my so my last clip
I literally said how we were early and
we looked it thought we missed our
flight because I'm so scared
Thank You New York here we come
you must be refill
I'm so much laughing long shy yeah you
know
they let you calm baby what day I let
you hold let's say I'll let you say I'll
let you say for coffee mornings you fed
them like right next to me
it's an irish-american for joining us
today we help you to charge our sights
on the forest when your thank you
hey I'm luggage is here unlike last time
got laws which there's been spotting
like where's my luggage anyway we are
going to head to help hopefully there's
no traffic and get them to because we
are Beauty Cod I barely vlog so I was
waiting for you low-key Smokies eyes
sliding though I literally found I
wanted for descent
I found a mirror Oh update is currently
sook is literally exactly 2:15 p.m.
right now and I are going to watch the
stained carpet and then what else can we
ever beat up at 3:00 3:00 to 4:00
so I don't know I don't know if you can
hear me about we just got signed me up
we're excited to be on here fabulous
okay we're good but L don't get
copyright with this music so ready
pretty good bass back all right here we
go
in locking feet
hey guys update time beauty comes good
it was so crazy I fell back so really so
like I didn't get that much footage but
hopefully there's enough on here we're
about to you dinner
boo also it's like golden know right now
it's so pretty good morning guys I just
wanted to quickly end this vlog that you
liked it I'm sorry that it was kind of
like all over the place it was such a
crazy crazy day don't forget to watch my
new main channel video it is up girl
struggles on social media and let me
know if you can relate any of those Joe
goals cuz same yeah anyways I'll see you
guys really soon cuz I'm about to start
today's vlog so yeah
