good morning guys
so if you sinuses vlog I ended it right
in this exact spot about really good
today also I woke up and my lips are
like swollen or puffy I could just feel
like I'm bad because I didn't film
yesterday so I could rest and today I
feel worse but it's the last day for me
to film because you need to film a video
for next week yeah I'm going to go put
yesterday's vlog public I'd have to do
the thumb nail and after that I think
that's good
ash they're working on getting our photo
you're on yeah Oh drinking this juice
that has apple lemon ginger and cayenne
and it's really spicy but ginger is good
would you take right also trying to get
my blog up from yesterday I to its left
yeah almost done any second maybe 5%
come on to me second yay oh my gosh yay
okay ready
also apologies for the hair I know
absolutely like grow public yes
and Oh bottoms up not my way to a pint
in common at a time it has been a few
hours now attendances currently you PM
honestly still not feeling much better
I'm so torn because I really need to
fill this last day I can fill before
like relief or our trips and stuff I
figured you know what I have to go to
Target anyway because I need some stuff
like random stuff so we're gonna have a
sick target adventures just got target
hopefully I remember everything that I
need
oh it's right it is so bright
also I don't know what I was thinking
I'm wearing long leggings and a long
sleeve shirt it's like 90 degrees today
I didn't think about that so I got in
the car
oh here we go here we go tache these are
so cute and this outdoor furniture this
is so cute I feel like I have the plague
oh my god look it's a new coffee mug
this coffee is making me it huge is this
human face I have that bowl mom killed
on Turkey
oh my god we got so much stuff oh it's
on manual focus now it's on auto focus
we got a lot of stuff excited excited
we got stuff from Target Oh what's going
on here
she works doubt is so freakin hot and I
am the most smart person ever and wore a
long sleeve and pants I don't get it
Lita come on it was so cold in our
houses anyways I think we're going to go
to creation to get some juice and all
about that juice life for the past two
days or maybe not how you feel about
conscience you know it's hot when like
your jeans you know when you're wearing
jeans in your hot
I get handle grant like your skin is
like stuck to it I living it so cranky
when it comes to like when it's hot and
wearing jeans I really need to go which
is Oh short shopping urban always has
really good short you find a good one
you did that yeah I'm there I like I
know good ones I'm always like I went to
the same store I don't know they're all
different
especially at all like Levi's because
are like obviously vintage kind of just
be very picky a night over the New Age
buying appear time you're cold so I
don't feel like you can see me in this
lighting because the fighting is just
not cute right now we got a table I'm
totally going to edit all this out I can
tell you guys I'm so proud of myself and
Ashley we filmed pardon me didn't know
if it would happen today but like I knew
it would and really like not feeling it
but hopefully turned out good I'm kind
of nervous that maybe didn't smell good
but I'm at least going to edit it and
see at least I have an option for a
video so really excited now the office
is kind of a mess again because
obviously film there's some stuff
everywhere hey thanks for your hope
today oh you're welcome
try to get you out as I go oldies
alright pretty girl how are you
I guess quick haul from Target a lot of
things well most of stuff I got were for
the video today but I got a lot of
lashes because I decided not to we get a
fill for my false lashes for the fall
stuff for my eye last extension
but if I did not see it anymore and also
a some batteries got some gum drop some
more gum since I'm your gum hookup girl
we got some makeup life obviously we got
some boom chicka pop I think that's just
for us right now
don't mind I saw in the car that wasn't
on the list for the video
