guys in a lot lot good morning good
afternoon guys and welcome to the vlog
honestly it's been such a I don't know
how to explain it other than I have been
working so hard to get this vlog up and
it so literally is taking me almost two
hours and normally vlogs take me between
45 minutes to an hour it was just there
was a lot of footage to go through my
computer was glitching and it was just
really frustrating really really hoping
to get it done a lot sooner than it took
that's a little bit of a bummer I'm
gonna I'm gonna stone on the my new
house because I can oh my god yang can I
just say how much I love this thing so
yeah possibly processing it should be up
really soon the only bummer is already
linked to something I would have this
done by honestly 11 so my days have gone
another day honestly the only plan first
day is to get my blog up which is
happening and clean the entire house
because it is so messy it's not dirty
it's just messy this office right now is
a hot mess my room is an actual
explosion normally I'm really open with
showing how my room or closet super
messy it's to the point where I will not
show you guys it's so bad so I'm going
to clean it we've just been traveling so
much and we're about to travel so much
again I was in Hawaii and then the first
week of Coachella the second week of
Coachella I'm in Malibu so that was four
trips within a month upcoming we have
New York playlist New York again for
beautycon and then in the beautycon
we're going up to Oregon because my
brother is getting married which I'm so
excited for most of you guys now I do
have a brother he was in Alaska but he's
never really down I got up too quick and
I caught in the ferry like I literally
got I was like oh my god I can't move
okay Ashley sick if you guys saw
yesterday's well
but I got her stoop cuz she's the
bestest table because you're the best
sister in you him I'm sick I swear so
enjoy let me know if you need anything
serious I don't know why it's taking so
long my computer's just being super slow
I should be it's this way because way
better lighting yeah so literally wants
the tits up I also ordered food sushi
we're really excited about that
also I'm most likely go to hang out with
Nicki tonight um guys are you proud of
me I just made some serious progress
with the office it is clean it's clean
oh my god I'm so excited
and now we have just about five other
rooms that need to be clean that's a
really fun but so waiting for my sushi
we got sushi oh my god this looks
beautiful
oh my god dude sugar fish never lets me
down that's all I have to say hey guys
absolute time so the last I vlogged I
was like yo I'm going to Nicky's and
that wasn't like 30-something and it's
currently 10:48 p.m. it seems like we
were together that long I know but we
were we were we were we were probably
gonna be combined with tomorrow but um
nakisha it's hair fuchsia and oli always
love your quality take him yeah oh and
I'd mention you guys that I'm going to
be in New York Stan and guess who's also
gonna be in New York I'm a golfer gonna
keep track on together remember closer I
never saw much made of Lemonheads
to the you know I never when I have one
no oh my god that is McKinney I just
want to say I think we all I have a
weakness I'm sharing is caring can I
have one good morning guys what is up
so I am currently getting ready as you
can tell on my vanity
makeup desk thing and I was just
watching some vlogs currently catching
up on pain tonight stats vlogs because
he's just a freaking amazing love him
yeah so today is Thursday it's an
exciting day but also kind of a chill
day so tonight we're actually going to
at the 1975 concert so excited so so
excited but that's not so later so until
then we're coming just
I'm going to get lunch with a friend and
I have a lot of cleaning still to do
yeah can you see me here I feel like I'm
smears definitely in the way I'm like
I'm in a weird mood I'm really not
feeling like getting read not weird mood
I'm always missing I'm always just
wanting to become being really not
feeling I'm getting ready there we'll
put a little highlight we'll do
something but overall I really just
don't care I put a little blush that's
good okay so I should probably just like
kind of touch on my hair and then
there's still glitter in my hair and
I've washed my hair twice not even
getting there's still water in my hair
from the last vlog or the vlog where
there's yeah awesome so I guess we
should figure out what I'm gonna wear
focus on my other guys welcome back to
my closet guys two of my picture frame
things fell so I think I'm actually
going to move these low-key all these
picture frames were kind of expensive
and I don't want them just hiding in my
closet for no one to see you know what I
mean so I might move them into my room
especially after I just the room
makeover also you guys i jinxed it
really bad the last vlog said I wasn't
getting sick pulled everyone to knock on
what do knock on room are you the reason
and then this morning I woke up with a
sore throat and I was like shut up no
cross your fingers that it goes there
really soon and maybe it's just like a
whatever thing but I really really hope
I'm not getting sick what do I want to
wear I want to be comfy but I want to
look cute me every day um the other huge
problem is 99% of my clothes are on the
floor in my room right now so there's I
think we got it ready let's be all artsy
I'm see but I know it looks good now put
on a choker cap on choker because they
literally make any outfit look so much
better
looks more like I feel like children
just make an outfit look more like an
outfit instead of just a t-shirt entry
gee blossom really notice a common theme
in my videos lately that I can't talk
for anything I think we're good okay
guys so I just got cute oh my gosh hair
and my lip balm so I just got - we're
gonna get some lunch and we met in
London like years ago she's out here
visiting so I wanted to meet up with her
and get some lunch guys do it haha
you guys update time so apparently 326
p.m.
yeah you guys are so cute oh my god
enjoy your green tea Boba's oh my god
for sure like Elsevier whoa you're
freaking gorgeous I'm like of you
tonight no I feel like I'm a hater today
like a potato next up we went to earth
it was it was really good come back to I
know we have a good trip back home hey
guys I just want you to quickly end this
vlog I hope that you liked it yeah
update still film pretty sick okay you
like this vlog if you did give it a
thumbs up and don't forget to subscribe
for more I will see you guys really soon
with new vlog and I love you
