this thing is a sassy little doggy Oh
for me okay bye good morning let's get
some creamer I definitely go through
phases of creamer where I love it and
then I just don't love it so today we're
loving it I'll admit touch egg no
clumping make up time and see let's put
on some makeup shall we
I guess it's good to get ready for my
date boom make is done so I put the
mascara on but that's cool since hello
mining ash oh good morning thank you wow
we're just trying to you know fill in
you guys may have noticed that I didn't
only do my makeup on my vanity and
because my room is empty and why is my
room empty so the room transformation is
officially happening here is the before
of my room everything is out except for
my bed this is crazy
oh my god my room the next time you guys
see my room it will be all pretty oh my
gosh I seriously cannot tell you how
excited I am for this I have like an
idea what it's going to look like but
overall I don't really know I'm so
excited
like so I'm officially not allowed to go
in my room and then tomorrow we're doing
the huge reveal and stuff I'm not sure
when the video is going to go up but
it's going to be up on mr. capes channel
and I'm going to do a video on my
channel and we'll show you as soon as I
can I promise I'm so excited so as I was
doing my makeup in another bathroom and
I'm going to be bunking fresh for the
next two nights
midnight tonight I get what I can't wait
yeah I'm intricate coming over later and
we're going to take some pictures and
stuff and then tomorrow we're filming
some things and I'm just I've been
sitting here editing my Disney World
vlog which I'm so excited for currently
it 12:06 is currently 12:06 p.m. and i'm
gonna head over to muse should be fun
hey guys so I'm currently at Mia with
these two ah sorry these three can or hi
buddy
why are we so handsome every time I see
a quirky video I think of you earlier he
was like looking at me and the way he
was looking at me I was just like oh my
god I wish I had a camera come here
bring your toy where's your toy come
here
ready I welcome literally any party
video I want to send you but I'm like
Mia's probably already seen it so we're
gonna get some coffee
ha ha wait for Abigail should we should
we order one what if I fail
stop coffee where we going
hole booze and it's cold I have a little
chilly you get good food oh there's so
many
that was a successful project so Mia is
twinky plug I'm also so excited turns
out I've just so stoked on trying out a
new skin care products now with my acne
under control so I'm really excited to
try this one out
because like some mini blender because I
like nice so my room makeover has been
in the process for over a month now and
it's finally happening so excited you
guys will definitely see that I want to
show you guys so so that it is the cute
like I am obsessed with my new really so
sides but I can't show you guys until
mr. Kay puts up her huge room reveal
video so I think it's going to be like a
week maybe two hopefully sooner we have
a little bit of weight and I'm so sad
because I want to show you guys like
right now but I have to wait so bear
with me I promise though it'll be so
word that you guys so we're about to do
the huge reveal I was like so excited I
was lazy I get nervous laughing claim no
because it's the one-hit wonder like she
was going to see it we're filming in it
there's you and if I don't like this
like yeah I like I love it
art well so many people been waiting for
this by the way I like this I know I
know I was moving and I was like okay I
know I know yeah I know I've been seeing
your cause I'm not seeing it you guys
are you going after this I feel like
gave me the top and you made
ready
oh my god okay so we're going to walk
you in
wait okay we're gonna walk you in with
your eyes closed
one two three but yeah anyways I love
you guys and just want to quickly let
you know what's going on and yeah I'll
see you guys soon
