good morning guys what is up and welcome
to the vlog so today is Friday
and today we are filming all all all day
yes because I need to upload a video on
Sunday and I haven't even started but I
know it's going to be my voice cracker I
know it is going to be it's going to be
really funny I think he really liked it
and I'm really pumped for it
Ashton was amazing this morning if you
saw her vlog and got some starved this
reminds me of like old date not old days
I like doing our last apartment always
going to Starbucks and then we would
film and the good old days also I was
just now editing my last vlog is
basically like a week's worth of footage
so it's like sky and mostly done but I
really think I should start filming main
channel video today so he can you break
from that but I'm hoping it will get up
today I'm gonna try my hardest it should
happen that's what's going on but ups
made us stop can you read that as a
backwards I don't know is it bad for I
think it's backward or maybe this screen
is just backwards it start this may or
may not say turn on it so right open it
oh yeah dude me thank you
it's funny cuz sometimes I know what's
coming the mail otherwise I have no idea
and this is one of those times right no
idea unicorn
ma 100 cherry um kid with the unicorn a
unicorn terrarium kid you oh I saw
moss and I was like is this a Jarvan and
I'm assuming me then you brought up whoo
oh my god stop are these highlighters
they're highlighter stick sighs okay I
don't know if you got some CDs they're
called twinkle sticks but they're
highlighter sticks
oh my god that's so pretty that is so
pretty I don't know what this one is
gleam team highlighter ah oh my god yeah
I really like this packaging it's like a
liquid one dude thank you tight you guys
are amazing
changing to a swimsuit because we are oh
it's like super sunny now maybe we want
fun Wilson right now let's try it that
my look is my son it's so bright now I
just don't come to plus it's so bright
look so bright oh yeah oh I don't know
if you can tell from the lines I
literally have a full face of
highlighter on I literally look like a
robot on let me get in better light if
you see this I am just shining like a
diamond like shimmering like Edward :
yeah look at my lips Hey look like a
diseased still but lips okay anyways yay
Asha night words some lunch
we got a salad over here we got another
salad right here so I'm gonna eat this
ash is gonna eat that while we eat I'm
going to take off this makeup because
it's definitely not you and then I can
read it after I eat thank you mmm extra
good
back at the base place we came here for
the uniform Frappuccino guys it sold out
I even called like three other Starbucks
and then finally the last person I
talked to said they're pretty sure every
Starbucks is sold out of them so I had a
feeling that what happened we were going
to use it for this video I wasn't even
going to get it to get I was going to
see for the video of it so we got a
vanilla bean and I'm going to DIY DIY
the unicorn Frappuccino I'm feeling very
confident this I think I got this
I also fun fact one of the first drinks
I ever got from Starbucks this is my
order of an L bean Frappuccino it just
tastes like a shake honestly oh my god
oh my god I haven't had this in so long
this is sad that there was a sign up
that of Starbucks I said the Unicorn the
cappuccino has flown away made me fun so
chemours my face come on focus on the
face so here's my DIY Frappuccino
actually I made it a little bit ago so
it's kind of all melted together but
after so it was pretty decent but
anyways now I can do the shot Hey so
it's kind of really late but I wanted to
end this vlog and mention that we may or
may not we may or may not be in Indio
aka Palm Springs ish area
aka hotel oh we're going to Coachella we
didn't - it's official we are here so I
just wanted to end this vlog so get so
excited now that my camera's mixed I'm
excited to actually vlog this weekend so
yes I love you guys I'll see you
tomorrow
