good morning guys and welcome to the
vlog today is Monday as you guys may
know I have a very busy day today I have
mentioned that I'm getting my hair done
today I'm actually about to go in for my
appointment right now and I'm little
nervous kind of excited I just don't
know how it's going to turn out but oh
my god my hair is like a mess right now
also tonight I actually leave for New
York because I have a few things going
on there and then play this is a secret
there's like so much going on and yeah
should be should be good to have a
red-eye flight tonight and then I have
to be somewhere at 7:30 a.m. some land
at 5:00 and then I've like quickly
somewhat get ready and then yeah so it's
the second aisle and I'm hitting the
ground like no other oh my god you guys
I'm nervous but I'm excited yay so we
got a juice and now I'm gonna go get my
hair done I got the ginger lemon juice
this sounds really good now we gotta go
get my hair done I'm so excited me
basses hey guys what is that so I know
you're expecting this next clip to show
you the finished product of my hair
thought it was gonna - except you're
going to have to wait a little bit see
the final results of everything you can
kind of you can kinda see the color can
we talk about my roots like not being
roots anymore I'm so excited I got some
snaps into a little bit of footage well
I was at the salon but you guys can see
that later I ended up coming home and by
the time I ate and had lunch I had to
run to my spray tan appointment which is
why I look so freaking cute right now
the struggle man I just met the girl
struggles video that I did not so long
ago the collab with Nicki Natalie and
Mia literally mirror now I'm standing
trying to pack what it's hard if you
can't really touch anything
so I'm just mist luckily my mom's here
and she's helping me like no other so
Shanti mom you're the MVP also soap &
Glory totally sent some cupcakes we're
hitting a 3 million
I was lucky subscribers 3 million of
followers on Instagram so the I probably
already had a few of not gonna win but
yeah so right now I'm currently trying
to let my spray tan dry and I'm low see
you
sunglasses as a headband right now so my
bein stay on my face
it's just an interesting day so this is
current situation we got going on I
picked out some shoes already picked out
some shoes I think I narrowed it down
for the most parts and then clothes has
been hardest because I don't I don't
want to like touch everything in pack
yet because I'm a sham but I got a few
really cute things picked out the hard
part is I'm gone for so long and I
genuinely like I don't even know what
I'm packing for I have a thing with
maker and then I have a youtube thing
and then I have playlist live I'm also a
little sad because I finally got my
closets so organized and the reason why
I always gets messy is from packing and
unpacking so I'm a little bad about that
but mark oh my god also just to update
you guys on the cold I feel so much
better yesterday I woke up and felt like
a completely different person like just
so energized and like me again today I
can tell is definitely hopefully the
last day definitely hopefully overall I
feel a freaking Mandic like I'm great
I'm good I just look so cute right now
with my glasses as a headband my hair
and my don't be a puppet shirt my my
lovely spray sham let's not forget about
that oh you guys I also got my nails I
feel like I'm just on another one today
I think it's because I've been sick I've
had so much energy now I got my nails
done they're not white I know checked
out of my comfort zone I did a marble
and light out of Kingston
I did a marble and a light light pink
matte look love them I love them a lot
and my arm is hurting from vlogging
trays are heavy I'm gonna stay here yeah
where's my coffee
I don't probably know that is what you
guys that's why I have all his energies
my first time really having coffee where
I'm sick I don't like drinking coffee I
don't know don't and I had coffee for
the first time today so okay look this
it looks like I'm a zebra that's what
that looks like it's hot you guys
leashes in a booth we should we are all
packed up and ready to head out
yay don't know okay guys so it's a lot
lighter now I rinsed off MA for
righthand and I wanted to show you my
hair it's kind of hard to see at this
angle but and I also apologize for not
having any makeup on and it not being
styled at all so I feel like it's gonna
look ten times better tomorrow this is
my new hair oh my god when they were
doing it obviously like the
these are super long I looks like a
freaking I don't even know what I look
like I had some footage it was so funny
I was dying inside because I obviously
knew it wasn't going to look like that
funny because my real hair is really
like here as you guys know it's just
this is so much thicker like my hair is
fine and there's a lot of it so my hair
is thick but my actual hair is fine so
it feels weird having so much hair I
definitely like yeah I'm gonna have to
get used to it but um I'm excited to
curl it tomorrow and make it look all
good I feel bad because this is like a
reveal vlog but it kind of looks like
crap right now but it looks good earlier
I promise I'm just a failure vlogging
honestly can we just say I'm mostly
excited to do really cool braids and
stuff because I've never had enough hair
for that hey guys wanted that so click
cool update
Romero snapchat or Instagram or any
other social media site you kind of know
what's up I went to New York for a
creator summit and it was such an
awesome experience they invited a little
over a hundred of the top creators to
come and have a summit and just talk to
YouTube hang out do workshops get to
know each other and it was such an
amazing time New York was awesome brand
Cass is awesome Katy Perry performed
again follow me on snapchat because
whenever I don't vlog I'm usually
snapchatting in stock guys have been
dying for vlogs I'm so sorry it's taken
this long now I'm currently in Orlando
Florida for playlist live this week and
I'm so excited I told you guys I have a
panel tomorrow the sister one at 4 p.m.
and then on Sunday I'm doing something I
think on the main stage I think yeah
again sorry that I've been gone for a
few days but I'm excited to start
posting some vlogs get excited I love
you guys so so so much I feel so
inspired and empowered and motivated
after experience on it so now I'm ready
to get more defendant after playlist so
I'm excited I love you guys I'm gonna
end this right now so I can upload this
and yes okay bye
