lots of way to start a vlog
what does up you guys and welcome back
to today's that vlog we're starting the
vlog outside today
Loki trying to get Chloe to go the
bathroom so we waiting for her look at
the little nugget she's so cute is
actually really really pretty today but
it's kind of windy but because of that
this guy is like beautiful huh Chlo are
we go inside come on
doo doo doo woo what is up you guys good
morning and welcome to the vlog so say
Saturday I didn't vlog yesterday I meant
to and then by the time I would have
started it there was like not much light
left in the day so I figured you know it
I'm just gonna take the day off and I'll
talk tomorrow
so it's tomorrow so this morning I got
up super early and I actually had a
really quick photo shoot which I'm
really excited for because I've been off
my insta game like so bad I am very
aware that I it's bad like it's bad so
gonna be back on my Instagram and a
little bit actually getting lunch with
someone who I'm so excited to see she's
never been over to the house yet she
wants to see the house and we're gonna
get lunch and it would just need to like
catch up it's been a real long time I
feel like we always see each other at
events but we haven't like sat down it's
like caught up in so long so you'll see
you that is or you might know from the
thumbnail who really knows that we gotta
line up my shirt keeps sliding down so
uh so that's not good also I got some
coffee this morning but I look you don't
really like it I got it unsweetened and
I feel like I just should have gotten it
sweetened I don't really know what I was
thinking should I just made coffee here
if I wasn't getting lunch I would look
you just make another cup but I think I
was to get it after I eat lunch yes
or before series today is outfit of the
day clearly yeah those are gonna change
but until then this is what we're
wearing today bodysuit wait for it you
can't really see it it's really cute
it's just this like straight across
cami bodysuit thing so top is from
whitefox boutique shorts are my Levi's
that I wear pretty much all the time
from Urban Outfitters
I wear them too much it's an actual
problem and then Jackie is also from Ono
jackets from forever 21 and I got this
when did I get this oh shoot maybe wait
is this for someone forever 21 I love
this jacket it was like $30 or something
and I've worn it so many times I love
how it's long so I don't ever have to
worry like if something's too short it's
like super cute to wear off the shoulder
and stuff so I love it all so I'm gonna
wear my white Pumas I also wear all the
time so that's a Z outfit oh my gosh
okay so I place an order on Urban
Outfitters and I really decided that I
need some just art or frames or pictures
or something in the house I'm good when
it comes to decorating not surprised no
I like I feel like I'm okay at
decorating like I'm good at that but I
really suck at frame things on the walls
like when it comes to hanging things on
the walls I just don't cuz I think I get
overwhelmed that I'm gonna mess up or
does it's not gonna look good so I just
don't but then the other day I was be
sure you just need to get over this and
you need to figure this out because you
can do it just gotta do it so I ordered
a whole bunch of stuff this one's from
Urban is this not so cute the only thing
really wanted it to go against the pink
because there's no color obviously just
black and white but I didn't realize it
was gonna be that big so you know we
could do maybe we could like move the
frame towards not at an angle although I
really love this angle oh no what do I
do I mean I always could just I could
put it behind the chair up there but I
feel like that needs small frames feel
like a lots going on over there I'm
maybe that could look good honestly
other than other than this photo there's
like nothing hanging at all even like
over here we need something on the wall
like this just doesn't fit this wall I
mean those are hanging those are kind of
like I had those for years and years and
years so it those were easy think you
get what I'm saying do you guys like it
I love the adventure I thought it was
really cute just because I thought it
was super super cute and I liked how
simple it is I did order some more some
more sounds like s'mores I ordered more
prints but purposely got them without
frames that one has the white but I
didn't know if we wanted like different
ones so we got those look
oh there was a surprise I was like well
maybe it's in the thumbnail who knows so
like we'll see you but let's see God you
gotta see the place I'm that person
where I always need people to reach out
any people to be like hey I'm coming
over I'm like okay yeah but I'm like I
suck at like reaching out to people I
slit it like Joe trying said where we
want to eat oh my gosh we just got some
nachos and they're humongous and I'm
real excited for this right now because
I'm starving I'm gonna order the
macaroni and cheese it looks it sounds
really good I'm about that life
it tastes over over I don't know we just
ate yes we did so we had the good
beaking of the goods hold on let me get
in the car
it's called speaking of the guys she was
like I should have just gotten a nice
comedy and I was like you know what we
should just go get in cause it's
embarrassing enough to vlog by yourself
it's more like embarrassing as a whole
when there's like three girls was just
like so funny anyways we are going to
get some Starbucks and I'm so excited I
had a coffee somebody didn't like it so
they know I told them all right oh
really so now it's like I told them to
see who we got the good literally
walking across the street so we can use
this like peach wall for a set it just
for the boomerang literally eyes oh I
like the yellow don't oh sorry car oh my
gosh this is delicious
wait would you go into it I got an iced
caramel macchiato with extra caramel and
almond milk a grande but I put it in a
venti not really so except I asked for a
Grande and they put it in a venti and
I'm really excited about that it's just
meant to be hey guys update time so it
is currently at 9:23 p.m. Tila laughs
actually like a long time ago I haven't
blogged in a bit so I've been sitting
here trying to edit because I have to
upload tomorrow yeah I'm actually
excited for this video it's something
different but like not different and
you'll totally understand once it gets
out I've been watching friends so it was
sorry a bit loud the I just want to
update you guys I have a feeling
gonna be up kind of late because I still
have a lot to do it's cool but anyways
new video ill be upset by the time you
see this vlog this video is probably
already up my club hi pretty girl
hello see I should definitely go watch
this oh I don't wanna miss a cab we're
gonna do it and it's gonna be great
