good morning guys
and welcome to the vlog so makeup is
halfway done I'm actually we're filming
today very exciting I'm really excited
for this video I think it's going to be
really good that one's going up this
Sunday I think it's this may serve me
March no April oh my god
April 30th so yeah that's what's going
on and I'm going to be doing my
foundation in that video so that's why
my foundation was in mountains on right
now but yeah today like I said it's a
filming day we're hanging out getting
some work done
my ashlynn are going to head over to
Terence because she was actually on a
mystery minute I came out hug but about
like two weeks fish like two weeks she's
been in Africa on a missions trip so
we're so excited to see her anyway
any any place also we got an exciting
package today from Tarte continental
what hold on let me let me move that
isn't this so cute it's literally like a
storybook make believe in yourself it
starts like unicorn collection if you
see these brushes weight my Fitbit like
literal unicorn oh my gosh so cute so I
can get this out yeah kind of obsessed
as you can see these are so freaking
pretty it doesn't kind of weird that it
just happens to be around the time the
unicorn Frappuccino comes out like I
knew that they were coming out with it
for a while so it's funny
apparently unicorn is just trendy right
now ah so pretty
so yeah huge shut up then cannot wait to
play with these so I'm reapplying my
foundation and I'm going to use the
Tarte unicorn at broad segment for
foundation so I'll next slide so yoga
oh my god sorry this angle is kind of I
was trying to like prop up my camera
without it falling and the kind of what
we have okay guys so question of the day
the question of the day what month were
you born
was it April was it December please
quickly trying to apply this oh my god
guys okay I felt like a chelev on to
edit but I'm going to try to maybe I'll
just like put it in with this vlog
because I want to put this vlog up
tomorrow I want to get back
the schedule is uploading because we
have a lot of exciting things coming up
you guys next week I'm actually going to
be in New York and then actually they're
going to playlist and then oh gosh what
else don't you give me a lot of really
exciting things happening supers man oh
and then my room makeover is happening
pretty soon which I'm so excited for you
guys I feel like once I have my room
decorated I'll be able to have a
designated intro/outro set up like right
now I really haven't had a normal intro
just because I mean I like in my videos
lately I've been in office obviously I
really just couch adds so much like
we're filming all of it in front of this
couch knit feel like it adds so much
okay pencil local dealer mmm and boom
make it is mostly done this lighting
makes my face look way lighter than my
body which kind of sucks but it's cool
okay yeah we're going to film so here we
go try and I kind of talk a little bit
in my last video guys haven't be that
you really cuz it's so funny
it's Instagram in real life from the
leveling system description box
I can screen yes do do that yeah I've
seen so many pictures on Instagram or
like there have been asking a different
kind of blur here which I'm living so I
did a thing and I'm kind of really like
yeah except glitter I'm going everywhere
um oh there's fun okay so filming went
really good and then we had a mini photo
shoot and Kim's all this and now I have
to get this out of my hair but filming
is done I think it's going to be really
good I'm actually extremely excited for
this video it was just really fun I had
a lot of fun making it and I feel like
the videos where I'm legit having so
much fun making it really comes across
on camera and those are the ones that
you guys end up really liking so excited
also myspace funds are a hot mess today
like I know they're not cute I just I
quickly did it don't judge me again oh I
also want to talk to you guys
once Lamesa so make a wish actually
reached out to me a month ago maybe and
he told me that this girl named Katie
actually made a wish to meet me and just
film with me
that was such oh my god like useless
when I got the email
I was so speechless because thinking of
make-a-wish and how they do so much they
basically grant wishes to kids who have
had severe health problems and you know
whether it's like a trip to Disneyland
or whatever like be granted wishes and
her wish was to meet me it was such a
weird feeling to sounds like why me like
wouldn't you want to use your wish for
something else something cooler
something more fun like it's just me I'm
Felicia yeah so I actually met up with
her and we filmed a little collapsing
make-a-wish Foundation actually reached
out and I'm someone's wish here we are
here on the Disney lot introduce
yourself
I'm Katie you came from Georgia yes oh
my gosh never into California and we're
gonna do a collab today so we're going
to do a five minute makeup challenge on
her channel the links going to be in the
description box are you excited yes I'm
excited so we have a whole bunch of
mixed up and I and wanting to play this
so much that it's so freakin pretty
let's just dive into some really awesome
products in here so the first thing are
these three illuminating powders if you
look so freakin pretty but we both
agreed that this purple one is so
gorgeous
pull so this is an exhaust matte lip
cream in the color is me oh that's ma
babe we have some lip pencils and just
is been most on the color I always do
when you can't find the color name and
now it's awkward because I was yeah my
dad just wanted to live and pass out
really pretty purple color and if you
wanna love we got Divac hahahaha
thank you oh my god what'd you get I got
a passion tea lemonade I got ice cream
tea just looking at all this I really
want to try these vivid then it's been
calling my name the whole time so pretty
do you want to swatch it you know my
hands okay yeah yeah oh my god is so
vibrant and I think yourself let's go
connect I could try this
it's a translucent powder so what this
is and the cover okay Oh color crack oh
just kidding
okay just getting the color correcting
powder but they have a translucent line
which I'm guessing is very similar these
looks so fun there's so many different
colors - I bet the yellow one would be
crazy oh my god that's crazy I really
like this lip color
Oh wit yeah
I've never tried whip that's so bright
oh my god that's awesome
this is bright red you ever wear red
lips yes all the time
ah we just filmed a and no mirror makeup
talent on Katie's channel so you should
go check it out if you want to see this
this beautifulness oh my god oh good I
felt so honored to be a part of it
and Katie was so sweet we had a really
fun time and we took pictures and it was
it was super fun we're going to take a
picture in front of the the Walt and
Mickey so see you guys it's so magical
we went through this thing I wasn't able
to vlog but it showed all the like
animations and stuff and I just wasn't
having okay so huge shout-out to Katy
huge Tautou maker and a make-a-wish
Foundation and Disney and everyone is
seriously with such a great day anyways
I'm going to wash all this glitter out
of my hair I think we're going to head
over to Terence place pretty soon yes
also I found out a new vlogging setup I
feel like this is pretty good lighting
and I'm really excited that I don't
realize I'm always looking for the new
angles what up guys it is update time so
just currently 616 p.m. Ashley and I are
on our way to go see Harun my hair is
like so what's it they're just
messy no I'm sorry like there's just so
many like flyaway hairs and it's just
like not cute
I was glitter is there still glitter
there's better probably everywhere
anyways so you're on our way there's
some traffic we just had it were
actually instead of going out to dinner
we're going to cook dinner so we're
going to go grocery shopping and make
our own dinner and shove a girl - tell
us a secret I think I meant like the
first stage of getting sick
oh we said we weren't going to guys
knock on wood I went to both Coachella's
and I don't think I'm getting sick I'm
like pretty good yay traffic yay traffic
yay
traffic so we're about to be here for
like an hour or so and I'll see you guys
in a bit we are currently going to go
grocery shopping the roof tree because
we're making bidah levels and i'm
probably going to get a coconut water
extend
Gruen and oh my god it's a side we walk
in and we see all of this Christmas oh
don't mind if I do
jump like one of those two for three
save thirty-eight cents that's not about
my folio one we're getting the good
we're making salad and spaghetti squash
tonight so I'm very kawaii pesto what
else do you want Amelie chicken or
anything in the chicken put some chicken
sugar grocery shopping with Alicia and I
made you need tomato your choice we have
program ordered um we should get some
popcorn for later though yeah I think
we're going with the skinny pulp today
having feel about that us I feel like
it's a good decision overall not boom
chick but well you want them chicken we
don't get much more - right they have
the regular kind
the purple one you want the purple one
oh sorry scoop up you've been demoted to
yellow yeah okay long yeah I'm going
with this one sea salt guys like lime
that's a long time I missed you when you
move - we warned students I told anyone
a missions trip to Africa and you're
saving lives live justice well grandma
was it it was so good so amazing did you
blog no okay
you have a vodka my scooter yeah yeah
there's a log on our chances are we had
dinner it was good we made a spaghetti
squat pesto chicken head so spaghetti
chick big kind of trying to get downs
about chicken pesto spinach spaghetti
squash no no no no no chicken pesto with
sauteed finish triage anyone Charles
okay come here
you're just been watching friends
catching up and we're gonna go but I see
you guys making grocery shopping the
third oh they did okay bye
