good morning guys what is that Ashley I
are currently just going for a walk with
clothes I'll she's like give man go back
come out of my face that's what's going
on what's today April 4th oh my god
tomorrow's my birthday I keep forgetting
early birthday it doesn't feel like
movers super say we it doesn't feel it I
think you're gonna get thing I know I
think it's because it going to Coachella
next week it's just like I have a lot to
do this week you know hello hi babe
we are going ahead we are what what did
I say I don't even know how is that
thing we're gonna go to the grocery
store shopping adventures with Ashley
and Alicia oh we shouldn't have even
come over to Bay creeks it smells so
good must resist because like you should
we got a cart Oh also where are we give
me a V what are some block Oh shoo now I
have like total sunglass Mart give me a
V give me an all-women
and I need a pen well is it so soft
okay so we want some veggies Oh bananas
we need bananas I was like some berries
too so far we got some carrot celery and
mushrooms bones what else oh this is
kind of microwave oh I love those I love
those
avocadoes we got the banana also got
some almonds I think we have almond
dududududu okay I think we are good we
got some almond butter I got some what
is this lettuce I think work good I was
successful Oh ice cream don't get me
started
so this is my first time seeing this in
person and I'm so excited oh no oh shoot
wait for it so I should probably fight
I'm not paid fun oh my god why I having
so many issues trying to find work right
now oh my god
oh that's in the front okay I'm going to
open all these magazines and just make
the Sun Perry's not really done but at
the same time I'm not going to do
anymore so I guess it's done let's take
a shower finish getting ready and with a
very comfy sporty outfit today it's like
mesh thing with a bralette I'm in short
I'm in my Nikes this is the best angle
for an outfit of the day Ashlin are
actually going to go shopping for a
little bit I know I know I shop all the
time but you guys Coachella is next
weekend if you don't know what that is
this is huge music festival that a lot
of people go through this is going to be
our third year going so you gotta look
you gotta let go we're going to go
something also update on the office it's
mostly together only thing is we're
still waiting for the couch but that
actually should be here in a few weeks I
think so excited for that feel like
that's really gonna finish this room off
completely and then we can get some
little sign up there up office
I remember one the classic case nothing
else works how this office and a denim
shirt would work this is just I've been
in four long-sleeve back because she's
calm same things across her one time I
had so much stuff that they held at the
register party they did get a little
cool blow pumping and then some drink
holder thing for the pool to take really
cute pictures and stuff so I'm so
excited yeah I think I'm good ash have
to show you guys after what I got oh
that's cute you see this actually had a
black it's black and gold I think all
skills can you help me
I'm getting this excuse I know I'm going
to where so many times oh I meant to
show you that was a macrame thing it's
like I'm just going to get jewelry from
forever 21 because it's hella cheap
there got to do for you they always is
such cute chill right here long Raksha
Raksha
behind the scenes of a vlog oh my god
that looks so good we are currently at
tender green I was telling Ashley that
I've been forgetting to vlog my
schooling Leigh it's been so bad I got
the COS balance it looks so good I think
I have a new favorite oh my god okay I
should've asked for onion though but if
you make your own or so go it's a Cobb
salad but I didn't know - you know bacon
and I do balsamic dressing and said no
Ashley and I are currently going to try
out a new coffee shop which were very
excited about I got my laptop we have so
much editing to do and I'm a hot mess
right now my like cords are falling
everywhere can you drive up cars and I
like we could have parked here okay
Jason a good productive day I'm really
hoping I can just get all this editing
done would be amazing what do you love
and half a video I got a video and a
blog default oh my god I keep dropping
it resisting what up guys we are
currently getting work done actually
just get it we already got work done
because we are actually losing now it is
a lot later it's currently in 3:47 p.m.
editing done yeah and I think I figured
out the whole video situation for this
week also I feel like it's kind of loud
in here one second oh my god so much
better anyways long story short the DIY
satisfying that satisfying DIY video is
going up this Sunday and I still I need
to edit it more honestly I was really
going to try to give it up tomorrow but
the more that I realized that there's a
lot of editing that I have to do and on
top of that my birthday is tomorrow so I
would really love to just kind of relax
and enjoy that that video is going up
Sunday and I'm really excited for it
because it is pretty good I ended up
just deleting some of the like stupid
one I kind of want to leave in all the
bloopers like more than normal because
this video was so funny I was like
laughing so hard
if you guys want halt in queue wanna
haul think you want a haul thank you
thank you oh she is probably to love can
you even see me it's not good
hey guys so we're going to take two of
this because
today Joe Murray and I tried to fill the
hall they literally wasn't recording
whatsoever so we do as you can see we
have a huge hall this is very Music
Festival flash spring summer inspired
I'm just gonna there with Urban
Outfitters because it's literally right
here also I hope the Lighting's good
figure we come out here by the pool just
because it's you know it's cute cute the
first thing I got is this fanny pack and
this is actually on sale was normally
$44 and I got it for 20 bucks actually
got so many things on sale you guys
should be so proud of me I am all about
saving money and you literally have five
bags of clothes that I got then I also
got this hat and it was actually in the
guy section and it was only five dollars
it was $4.99 and it was normally $25
okay so the next thing I got are these
pants and I'm going to I promise I'm
going to cut them into shorts not that
long ago I showed you guys that I bought
some pink pants from urban that I was
going to cut into short of course I've
yet to do that but maybe tonight I'm
going to cut both of them but I don't
know if you can tell but they're all
sequiny on the front it's so cute so I
thought those would be perfect short
just and that way I can spray them and
distress them make them super cute they
were normally $90 I got them for 10
bucks head book as you can have a little
excited about that I figured if all
fails and they turn out horrible I only
wasted $10 next I just got some some
Calvin's because they were on sale too
so those that's pretty self-explanatory
then I found this dress on sale from
urban and it's just really pretty just
blew me through long dress it looks like
this so it would be so cute with denim
shorts and a crop top under it will
science have these huge slit I already
see it $20 regularly $70 off the
shoulder white t-shirts plum it's this
silky button-down shirt which I thought
would be really cute tied with a bathing
suit underneath not everything in this
bag and then I'm going to go through the
other Urban Outfitters bag and this is
where Ashley I went today
this is everything today all the other
stuff is from yesterday I ordered a
whole bunch of pool floaties and
electrical pump because we actually
really needed those these are little
flamingo drink holders that float in the
pool and I thought that would be so
freaking cute I never usually go for
colors like this but this is really
pretty mint green button-down shirt
actually meant to be tied and I thought
that would be so so cute it's so Palm
Spring
yes so I really hope I'm recording the
last analyst report and now there's an
airplane or helicopter I am filming next
we have these shorts and these are super
cute high-waisted blue shorts and I love
how they have an elastic band also I got
this most of you guys are probably
thinking
Alicia what is this is one of those
belts that you put on your waves of all
cars man this is why I never walk up
popping um it's one of these really cute
bells place things that you put around
your waist see your more schemes I got a
belt it's pretty simple it was next I
saw this I fell in love with and really
cute little tube top Oh oh my god outfit
outfit outfit okay picture this
top with these shorts oh my god that's
so cute so cute oh my gosh a simple
purple tank-top bandanna how cute is
this fall out oh my gosh this is take my
money that's what I was thinking when I
thought was like take my money I won and
then the last thing that I got is
actually oops I dropped shimmering body
oil so it just looks looks like that so
that works good I just thought I don't
know I kind of thought it thought it'd
be cute so that's everything that I got
from Urban Outfitters next I went to LA
and they were having such a good sale
you guys you're going to see okay so
super quickly got this little graphic
piece denim shorts white t-shirt dress
which this is what would look really
cute with this yeah okay and then here
is the best part I got these shoes
they're these really cute brown leather
sandal they were regularly 228 dollars
two hundred and twenty dollars you guys
just just guessed right now in your head
how much I got these for comment below
comment comment comment I'll give you
time to comment
this is what they look like and then you
tie them like that they're so cute they
ends up being $28 28 I can't I still
can't believe it two hundred and
twenty-eight dollars go to $28 literally
two hundred dollars off I think that's
the best deal I have ever gotten in my
life I'm not going to love these most
likely going to wear them at Coachella
pretty much everything that I got here
ended up being $60 and it should have
been easily find food we also went
different people today and I only got a
few things because it's a little that's
not who I was I think I got three things
first off I got these shorts low-key the
main reason why I bought them was
because one of the pockets has this
really really cute crochet detailing on
it do bit because I could totally DIY
that myself but I saw these and I really
really liked them so I got them I've
been in desperate need of new jean
shorts as you can tell us what I've been
buying lately and I got this little bra
thing you guys probably don't even care
to see it but it wasn't really I thought
it'd be so cute just layered with a
whole bunch of different stuff that we
would show you I don't know I don't
think though then in the sales section
I found this fan and this is so so
random I've never bought this before
it's this really cute little butterfly
and there's only nine dollars so I was
like you know I'm down then mr. Cate you
guys know her I actually I knew she had
these beauty marks freckles stickers I
saw them in three people inside freaking
out I got so excited for her so I bought
some I'm really excited to take some
pictures of these they are seriously so
freaking cute oh so cute anyway is that
that was my huge unbelievably long haul
oh yeah you were actually recording to
sell makes me so happy
hey guys update time so it's a lot later
and I was just editing this vlog and I
figured I should end it because that way
I can get ready to go up in the morning
been a while since I've had I got a what
a glove it's been a while since I've had
a vlog go up in the morning early so
anyways I think you guys so much for
watching I will see you tomorrow for a
birthday blow
look Elliot Hey
