good morning guys and welcome back to
the vlog anyways today is Saturday so
happy fat it yes sudden I had a thing
for a good second what day was so little
later actually have a I don't know where
the day Lynch I literally don't even
know whether day when it's gone having a
little bit of a problem as you guys know
I was in Hawaii I am obviously back home
now trip went so well
seriously it was really smooth him just
really quick we were there less than
three days we were there only two nights
then we took a red-eye to go back here
it was so good and it was so exciting
and as you guys know I'm doing it some
more stuff with Hollister so I'm so
excited for you to see everything when
it comes out I did get some behind the
scenes but we saw that the beach was so
pretty and then the second day we shot
at this house that they got for us just
to have fun take pictures and it was so
relaxing and look at our locations in
was so cool to see everyone again and
yeah I'm just really excited for that
stuff so yeah since I was in Hawaii I
had no time to film this week's video
except for today and it's already so
much later in the day so today we're
filming a video and I actually really
like the concept that we came up with
you're most likely going to see this
vlog tomorrow which will be Sunday which
is the same day that I'm uploading the
main channel video so I'm going to tell
you what it is it's going to be
satisfying DIYs like you know those
videos that you see that are so weirdly
satisfying and you're like why does this
make me feel good like what Plus yes
it's going to be that I'm either going
to test them out or I'm going to make a
legit DIY video with it so I'm not sure
yet
so I don't know what that was
I just heard really weird not screaming
I got I don't know how to play I heard
these kids like yelling or screaming or
something but I didn't sound like normal
screaming so I opened the door then I
could tell they were just playing but
it's effort so I was just like what is
that okay so Ashley just texted me she's
on her way back home there are a few
last-minute things that we needed so she
went to go get them while I finish -
getting ready stuff I miss you guys so
much I mentioned I was going to be busy
and a lot of that was the Hollister trip
coming up and all this stuff so in my
head I knew vlogs were going to be kind
of like hit or miss lately so starting
today my vlog should be back to daily I
don't want to say anything daily because
it puts so much pressure to it but I
should be uploading a lot more seriously
also made some coffee and we have the
camera and getting everything set up so
when Ashley comes back we can start
filming like oh hi babe you go say good
we got a package just got a package from
Tarte so word open it let's do it boom I
rise it's been a bit since I've opened
packages and the vlog I need somewhere
to put you guys using a candle for you
to sit on then hopefully hopefully I'm
in free oh my god I'm excited
does anyone else weirdly like when
people unboxings on camera because same
Heidi okay I call you want to help me oh
my gosh yes I saw adilyn show this in on
her snap dirty hit yeah oh you have
their new dry shampoo and then deodorant
oh my god okay oh this is a really cute
bag cute I really want one I think I'm
really been wanting to try this dry
shampoo ever since that I heard that
they had it and then they have a vegan
deodorant which is really cool I mean I
feel like this is the cutest theatre and
I've ever seen austere and pretty basic
basic I'm literally talking about
theater being basic wow yeah oh my god
not so tight they always do such a good
job with packaging so cute okay it is so
nice out today all I want to do is go
swimming but the pool is port eating
dirty
Ashley that there was huge storm when I
was
Hawaii and I was so in doing crazy we're
making slime we made slime so excited
for this video
okay we have so many so many random
things up see time it's a little later
now and we are about to film and slime a
seriously perfection yeah I feel like
there's probably eight or ten eight to
ten different things we're doing so I'm
really excited to film hopefully acres
noon and then I'm going to be up on the
editing yeah you guys to gauge what so
far this videos that I complete fail to
I just dropped you guys and I was trying
to turn on my camera and I screamed
really loud
and I don't really don't know I mean I
know why but it was just not my normal
reaction times up and I'm kind of
getting really tired and I'm thinking
murk this isn't working at all none of
these are work part of me thinking maybe
I should just upload it as like a fail
video you know also I ate the gummi
candy that was a fail I'm going here so
that I said all day shopping for all
that stuff look and just show all my
nails the stone is not uploading them
like fail DIYs like are fail you see is
a five minute like this is worth nothing
it's just what I feel like not all
bloopers video but like at all really
simple
you
