good morning guys I am currently running
around like crazy because I really
should be out the door by now you didn't
see yesterday's vlog I am traveling
today which is the title might say where
I don't know maybe it doesn't
maybe I'll just cut out what I just said
I'm making a man who Oh currently headed
to the airport and should be a good time
Ashley's being super nice and bringing
me so there's a lot of traffic right now
some necessities of Navy and coffee
Chloe why are you whimpering you're
going to go into Ashley we're not going
to leave you let's go we are on our way
to the airport thanks for bringing me
he's welcome someone that wanted to come
with us
fine fine
hi guys my cool here we go
you guys we're in Hawaii so I don't know
why why is it so bright is that better
I think it is okay so for everyone who
followed me on snapchat you would know
that we are in Hawaii and I'm here for a
really exciting reason I'll probably
tell you guys later but yes standing on
the balcony right now it's so pretty oh
it's so green oh my god it's a little
cloudy but it is so nice flight was
really good I slept for a little bit and
watch lalala and then I actually
listened to some audio books I've
actually seen a lot of youtubers talk
about audible and I figured you know
what I might as well give it a try
because I used to listen to a podcast
and I loved it I love being able to
drive and not happen you know I'm being
able to like listen to it everything cuz
I thought it'd be really good for the
flight I listened to girlboss and what's
funny is I've already read the book but
I loved it
it's by Sophia Amoruso I think I said
her name right but it's one of those
books that you can read over and over
again and still get new things out of
and it's just such a like so inspiring
so I really recommend you guys listening
to it and then there's another one that
I think I'm going to read on the flight
home it's called how to murder your life
by cat Marnell and she's like super into
the whole fashion scene and was an
editor and everything and it's kind of
like her story so I think I'm going to
save that for it's like home or later
tonight I'm just bored but I'm probably
going to be editing this vlog you guys
should totally listen to it I'm actually
gonna have a link in the description box
I think it's like a 30 day trial I think
I'm gonna get you guys away where you
can get something free because I know
there's always like promotions and like
all that stuff I got you guys what is
else do I do what else did I do
Oh watch The Big Bang Theory because
that's my line I think we're going to go
get some lunch even though it's dinner
for us because the time difference it's
three hours behind it's only like 2 p.m.
here but at home that means it's 5
something so but can you see any better
yes you can't says it's probably like yo
Alicia I saw your suitcase when you were
packing you didn't pack any bikinis I
know I literally packed also like soft
hands and graphic tees only here I'm
literally here for two nights here nice
it kind of sucks because I have to get
fat
to LA on Friday wish so I want to say
here it's so pretty good look how pretty
you guys let me know if you actually
recognize this have a go I've definitely
been here before a few months ago I was
here in November with holster so I mean
you guys can probably figure it out and
that's actually doing another shoe with
them I'm so excited to be back it feels
like we were just here yet it doesn't
this look seriously so beautiful
so essentially guys a little behind the
scenes is more of a work trip hence the
two nights but yes I'm so excited I was
snapchatting my room was like where are
you going where you going and then I put
Hawaii it doesn't like oh my gosh we are
currently waiting for some lunch
I got a guava and white peach movie
that's so good dang it I always say I'm
about to get my food and then I never
show my food and actually vlog so this
is kind of a fail but I got a really
good salad okay bye that's the time I
just met Gracie and she is so sweet
her family is your family to your
vacation ooh yeah yeah oh my god I'm so
jealous that you're here playing on
Saturday we'll have such a good trip
thanks so nice meeting you
oh my god this looks beautiful
if you guys don't know Hawaii has the
absolute I'm totally to my fingers best
pineapple best fruit hmm in the world oh
my god I'm glad we actually asked me to
bring back pineapples and I have to do
that and we got to poppy look at how
beautiful oh so I don't know if you guys
can see this but I put up yesterday's
vlog live put it right there it's some
new home decor and yes there it is it's
been up for a bit and I have been
reading all of your comments I've been
trying to to reply to the lot so if you
ever see that that means that I liked it
yeah I'm hey guys hey guys what is that
a lot later now it is currently 8:30 I
want to say I am also in my PJs rapping
at Khloe's merge YouTube over socialize
literally literally I've been talking
through the camera anyways I just wanted
to end this vlog and yeah I'm not sure
how much but as I'm going to be able to
get the next
day or two so it might be a combined
vlog just because not allowed to show
everything that we're doing specifically
like this soup but I can show you guys a
little bit so yes also I got good news
saying that my call time is not super
early 7:30 and when last time it was at
like 4:30 I'm very excited that it
little understand I love you guys so
much I will see you tomorrow and
