ah
ah
good morning guys what is up so I'm
honestly not even sure the last thing
that I've logged I'm so sorry
but obviously we're back home yes my
birthday weekend was so much fun we've
missed my last vlog we went to Malibu
for my birthday it was such a good
weekend so seriously a huge thank you to
Calamigos ranch they hooked it up they
gave us breakfast the room was beautiful
I just want to shout them out because
seriously they did not have to but they
took such good care of us and it was so
nice so do you thank you to them I was
actually gonna vlog another data ever
than my battery died and that's why it
comes in an abrupt abruptly anyway this
is so exciting because Ashley and I are
going out to Palm Springs for Coachella
we're going early because the more we
thought about it we realized hey why
don't we just go early we can beat
traffic we can actually enjoy it make it
more of a vacation it's so excited you
guys Kat and John were here meeting us
out there today oh my god I'm so excited
Ashley I packed last night the only
thing we have to do first is film a
video for you guys because I'm not going
to leave you hanging this weekend came
up with the idea I'm obsessed with it I
love it I actually think it's going to
be a series on my channel because I
think it's like oh I don't know I just
like came the thought just came to me
and now I'm a batch of it so yeah also
I'm currently in Ashley's room because I
was going to still her hairbrush there
is that better maybe my hair was better
before I honestly don't know but we're
gonna wear it up right okay let's do
this frosting so here's how we should go
here let's just let's try it
I like pickles and I like vanilla
frosting so let's see yeah
it looks like cream cheese like ooh
that'd be good prank you but if it
tastes good then it wouldn't be much of
a praying maybe it'll taste like carrot
cake the way that you wouldn't you know
I know Karen I'm trying I'm shy okay so
I totally just drop my fog camera and
thankfully is still working I think
seriously I'm really sad I know mark
blog camera takeover - someone's driving
we're going that's how you know you're
here palm trees and palm trees that's
how you know you're here good for anyone
who knows that you are all cool but you
have watched a lot ribbon so well well
this one's driving I'm gonna be getting
some some vlog vlog camera action no
trip look out the window shall we
you guys we just got here also don't
mind the fact I have some loss marks I
tried I tried so hard to kind of blend
them out anyways it is so so cute the
house we staying at is actually so cute
I'll probably do like an official house
to or maybe like tomorrow or something
or maybe the next day Thursday don't
worry it's coming oh my gosh and look
the pool is oh my god also I brought
some pool floaties we have a pineapple
one we have a watermelon one a film Inga
one we have some like really cute stuff
I cannot wait to go swimming later but
yeah should we go to the grocery store
get some stuff get some stuff I ordered
a ice cream key and you ordered a coffee
with an ad truck both like in the past
RB yes are being spent on the coffee
yeah a coffee
don't piss off and do some work there
should be a free drink here yeah
I look at I will tell my yeah guys
Starbuck so we currently came to if you
windmill to get a picture because I
don't know because notice Alisha what
car you in wait what this isn't my car
not my car
so long story short I'm working with
Buick so they gave me a car to use which
I'm really excited for just to come out
to Palm Springs and go back so it was so
exciting so and I think it's picture
with it because I thought it was so cool
that's white which matches my feed you
guys know you know yeah I want to take a
really cute picture and I thought would
be really cute to do it with windmills
because why not
ah
Oh
so Andy but we did get some cute pics so
we got some snacks we got some we got
the good best of ever yeah let's get
like some veggies and some crew we could
even get a big fruit platter or this one
looks good we got groceries
Oh zucchini for dinner yes hey guys
still it is the next morning I plan to
end this vlog thank you so much for
watching I'm going to well I already
started vlogging for today so you'll see
me tomorrow
Oh
