good morning guys what is that today is
a very exciting day because we are
leaving for Alicia's birthday trip
'extra extravagant extravaganza oh my
god yes so it is currently around 10
o'clock in the morning right now and
really quickly before we go I will pull
you guys and we're going I will it's
just like a staycation kind of stay in
the area but I actually have somewhere
that I need to go over I'm really
excited about
let me grab all of my stuff bye ash I
will see you really soon I'm excited for
little guys
update times a little later and Sara and
I came to creation and we will not
smoothies there the chocolate lovers
ones is so good mom it's legit so cute
too
and then we also got the little like
syringe I got the beautify and you got
mad at you this I mean I like that one
we take it it makes it looks like fruit
to make me look pretty
okay well it's for our hair nails and
skin we should try it I'm like I feel
like this is a green one I don't think
it smells good too
I feel like I'm not a picky person our
this is the on the emergency one timer
juicy one the orange one that one's good
it tastes like orange juice that was
he's like straight-up kale what is it
obviously we're back home now I gave
Ashley her I heard something I got her I
put this new moisturizer on my face and
look will shine also don't mind my
makeup we did that makeup challenge and
uh anyways so we are currently packing
for our trip should we tell them where
we're going
yes close it ready we are spending the
weekend and all my fans I've never been
there with you me neither
I like drivel and I have never left you
and I need a minute I've been there
barely strokes through the day then
we're gonna spend two days there I'm so
excited so it's going to be us and then
me and John rains it's going to be a
good group and we're just going to chill
hang out go swimming well Beach Ocean
I'll do it just for a few nights so we
don't need too much Ashley I was helping
Ashley practice now and now I'm going to
start talking but I also submit my vlog
from yesterday so I think I'm going to
go do that right now you guys at
yesterday's vlog just went up so go
watch it go like it it was me it
revolves shopping for a whole bunch of
clothes yes yes so as you can see I am
currently packing for this weekend don't
worry this is all just like all of my
new clothes that I've gotten recently so
it's not like I'm bringing all this for
two days
do not worry but I still figure out what
I want to bring pink I really want to
bring this this is one of those shirts I
got from Urban Outfitters I showed it in
the hall one of those like flowy
off-the-shoulder ones so that'll be
super cute what else
I always overseeing packing it's really
bad but I'm really not in the mood to
over pack right now I just want to bring
what I'm going to bring good I got PJ's
I got a top I need a change for them
really hot in this lecture right now
yeah I keep forgetting that my makeup is
not cute right now
oh now I need to fix this I think we got
it packed oh my god okay I really hope I
got everything honestly I just kind of
threw stuff in here
whoo also an outfit change you guys we
just got you I just got you are real and
oh my gosh you have to see it it's a
little dark in here but like it is so
cute I am so excited it's like white
everywhere like there's white walls
white good I enjoyed my Instagram right
now is so happy I'm not okay are you
ready I figured I would do a hotel room
tour before it gets hella dirty but this
is what it looks like I know it's
already kind of like look at this fire
so cute and then this is one room and
then you have to see the bathroom it is
actually beautiful so cute I'm totally
taking a bath later and there's a little
like wood thing oh so exciting and then
outside we were just outside and there's
like a such a cute shower oh my gosh
this is so done the little cactus little
cacti and then there's another room and
just like it up so we're going to go
explore and maybe take some pictures
check out the pool check out the the gym
and just have fun oh my god I'm so
excited to be here guys look how cute
this is
I feel like I'm in a street little
cottage story book saying we are
currently headed to the pool for a
little bit and then I think we have a
dinner reservation at eight at eight oh
my god it's so pretty out here it's
because there's no one here like it's
all for uh
it's literally no we haven't seen one
person we're definitely going something
tonight or Jacuzzi depending depending I
guess what I got I know we're not used
to we were used to Jacuzzi in our
apartment and the pool were huge oh and
then when we moved to the house it's
like so much more oh hey guys good
morning I just wanted to end at
yesterday's vlog if you'd like to give
it a thumbs up if you didn't give it as
our adventure continues today and yeah
buddy
all canneries is here I haven't even
showed memes also you heard and
tomorrow's ball
