good morning guys good morning guys
welcome to April 6 hey so we are
currently it drinking some coffee
much-needed and we're also having
birthday cake for breakfast the best
cake the best breakfast so that I should
not be doing this so well coffee good
children who said you can't have cake
for breakfast I feel like this is every
child's dream you guys new vlog is up it
is my birthday vlog from yesterday so
you should most definitely go watch it
go watch it go watch it go watch it oh
my god so exciting and that's funny this
is like vlogging a vlog because I'm
sitting here at my desk watching me sit
at my desk watching a vlog of filming a
vlog and it's not that's crazy
so now we're about to put on some makeup
I actually have to get going in about 25
minutes so I could do my make up pretty
fast I'm actually going to go to a hair
consultation because I've been thinking
about switching up my hair lately and
yeah nothing's happening today I'm
thinking of a few different things to do
but one of them is actually getting
extensions yes no I don't know what you
think let me know in the comments so I
have to go do that and then I'm actually
going over to revolves pick out some
clothes because they wanted me to come
get some clothes that I could use for
Coachella next week so it was all about
that because if you guys know revolves
they're really nice door and they're
really cute clothes so yes so I have to
show to start
oh well I guess we're stepping down from
makeup primer ok foundation
we need some concealer oh shoot
sometimes I was open things nights going
to be kind of a chill night Ashley and I
have a lot of editing video and then we
leave tomorrow for my birthday weekend
trip which I'm so excited for something
is yesterday's vlog I'd mention that I
wanted to go on a trip and then now
we're going on a trip so I'm really
excited about that
Oh question of the day what foundation
do you use I'm actually really curious
it's like everyone uses very different
foundations you know lately I've been
using the Smashbox Studios skin if you
guys saw I did a makeup routine on my
main channel videos I talked about that
and as you can tell it literally it's so
empty oh my god and so I really like it
but I feel like I change up my
foundations a lot so I'm interested in
trying a new one so if you guys have any
recommendations lemon
what is up guys
so hair consultation went really well
I'm scheduled to get extension I'm kind
of nervous but I'm also really excited
because I love the girl who does my hair
and I know it's going to look good no
matter what because she's so amazing so
yeah I actually just got through evolved
for once I'm kind of early fun fact I'm
usually late to things that's all I know
how big of a surprise so I'm just alone
in my car for now I'm not really sure if
I can vlog in there I have a feeling I'm
not going to be able to I will
definitely ask though but I have a big
feeling I'm gonna be able to pass today
I will give you guys a little sneak peek
of what I pick out I'm really excited
they're giving me a gift card and then I
can pick out whatever I want so at least
I think that's everyone's dream goal of
shopping just so instead I pick whatever
you want
oh so yeah that's what's going on going
to revolve I'm actually really excited
okay guys so we are currently in it
revolved Andy's close are you so
freaking cute I kind of went crazy
oh my gosh thank you so much you mind
being my boss I'm Joey forever thank you
so much you seriously made this such an
amazing experience
oh my god I can't wait to show you guys
everything it's so cute in here to super
Instagram well I'm sure you guys do that
on purpose but oh my gosh I love love
I'm obsessed so cute look how cute it is
there are so many cute things
Oh like that's adorable
that I didn't see that that's so cute Oh
oh my god
so cute literally aesthetic is oh my God
look it I want it off oh that's so cute
oh my god so freakin pretty oh do it for
the grandma oh my god I can't oh wait I
got it okay seriously oh my gosh this
view is beautiful this is one of what my
room to look like hi Sarah oh my god ah
this is so cute like the colors like
everything about it I'm obsessed this
though okay you guys oh my god I am so
glad they were all about vlogging and
snapchatting and any types of social
stuff so I was really excited I was able
to vlog in there but it was so much fun
they had just two floors of clothes and
it was really fun trying everything on
and yes I'm glad you guys got to come
along with us currently at 4:38 p.m. and
I am going to head home right now
hopefully there's no traffic crazy
because it made okay so really quickly
wanted to show you guys what I got from
revolve I got so much stuff it's all so
cute and literally all that added up was
over $1000 well I like oh my god so oh
my seriously they were so nice I have so
much fun shopping seriously check out
their website because oh my god such
cute stuff I'm not going to go through
everything into a formal haul but I'm
going to kind of show you stuff real
quick so we have some bathing suits this
one's so cute I love the material
another one-piece bathing suit and under
here we sent them we have a few dresses
some one pieces be short
I am totally wearing these at Coachella
I'm pretty sure they're so flattering
they're so cute and comfy oh my god and
in this bathing suit so cute another
one-piece seriously so much so oh I love
this love of up I think this technically
goes with these shorts what are just I
don't think I'd wear them with the
shorts but it's just this really cute
little top like that another dress so
much stuff oh my god thank you of all I
loved shopping there today we are
currently estava at the same spelling
and something my name is in felt right
pathos okay I got a green pea and Ashton
I've been sitting here we've been
editing for a very long
so why is lying not so cute that's so
much better
hey guys so I decided to you it quickly
end this vlog Ashton I ended up going to
the gym and we killed it just bang but
it's so much later now I'm really tired
so I'm going to go bed I love you so
much thanks for watching and I will see
you tomorrow with our exciting birthday
trip
let me guess please what
