good morning guys and all the more
birthdays love oh my god you guys I will
got to so many amazing overwhelming
birthday wishes and it just meant so
much seriously I went on Twitter and it
was just all of you guys and it meant so
much to me that I won't Instagram it
with the same thing so seriously if you
wish me a happy birthday thank you so
much I tried my hardest to favorite and
see every single one that you guys did
but obviously there was like kind of a
loss please don't think a personal if I
didn't favorite or like your post
honestly I don't really think we're
doing too much today I really wanted to
want a trip for my birthday this year
but then the more that I thought about
it we're going to Palm Springs next week
it just seemed like too much traveling I
feel like I've been really busy so just
kind of chillin sounds amazing to me
right now so yeah also I have a birthday
present for you guys even though it's
all your birthday's my birthday but hey
you know vlogs going up right now like
the 2nd I'm filming this not that you're
watching this whoo it's go bright in
here can you see me okay so I'm sitting
up my dad got some happy Aaron's going
to watch yesterday's vlog and make sure
that's good and then we can put it
public and you guys can see her arias
and Lighting's like kind of cratis sun
is blaring here right now
yeah so we're just chillin here and if
you didn't see this vlog it is a huge
clothing haul you guys you know how much
I go shopping I went shopping there's so
much stuff but it's all for Coachella
and music festivals in spring and summer
so yes go watch it and comment that this
vlog sent you if that's the case you
guys you can watch it yeah use clothing
haul then there's me a magazine which is
pretty which is right here
MERP and now we go upstairs to gym Amica
blah hey hey look her makeup is done oh
my god you guys so they won't let a
goldish smokey Brown smoky eye kind of
thing I honestly just got here and
played with my makeup for the longest
time I didn't even know what I was doing
this this is the result also Ashley got
me Starbucks that I totally drink which
is awkward because literally empty it
says happy birthday Alicia she walked in
and I just got so excited she blogged it
too so check out our blog channel
anyways um I still figure out what I
want to wear today you guys I came
downstairs and there's cake are you
kidding oh my god so much King oh my god
I mean this is from this is literally
why I was running this morning thank you
Khloe you want cake it's so beautiful I
need pictures where's my camera where's
my camera has it change so I see you on
the crop top and these shorts that I got
from urban yesterday if you saw that
vlog then you would know what I'm
talking about
we're gonna take a picture anyways we're
gonna take a picture we're going to get
fixed area twisty birthday he is so cute
like a little ice cream melted like that
I think wow I can't talk update times
guys so we're in the car with the
parents like how we're in the front
Ashlyn or that they wanted to be
chauffeured so and we are currently in
Santa Monica Santa Monica so we are
currently headed to sugar fish and we
are getting some sushi oh I'm so excited
they asked I wanted for my birthday my
birthday dinner lunch thing and I said
sushi and I'm kind of probably going to
get a lot like
some extra rolls I'm real hungry you
guys this is so nice so pretty it's just
the right amount of warmth and cold and
weather and beauty lunch is so good we
went to sugar fish and we got some sushi
super dark so I didn't vlog and then we
just walking around third street got
some coffee and now we're going to Pier
but it's funny because I was here the
other day my parents actually haven't
been on the pier they haven't even seen
it so they're seeing it for the first
time right now which is so fun and
exciting everything we should ride the
ferris wheel or something hmm
hi we're up here get a monster for these
birthday
that's so pretty family selfie family
selfie bang so freakin pretty totally in
the mood to go swimming after getting us
tickets and then hopefully if it's not a
long line we're going to go on it oh my
gosh you guys so I don't know if you can
hear me cuz it's really windy if we are
on the ferris wheel on the Santa Monica
Pier and I've never done this before I'm
so excited it's so pretty so pretty look
at the water you guys oh my hair we're
back home now I got one of my practice
oh my god I've always wanted a bike and
I've always wanted a cruiser and I've
always wanted it to be blue in it I'm
honestly no Ivan and then if you can get
one and Chloe could fit right in here
whoa okay so obviously we are back at
the house and Monica was so much fun it
was so relaxing like I mentioned and you
guys when we came home there were so
many deliveries I don't know what I'm
going to do with all these desserts this
is like my birthday cake and then
Abigail sent me a cake and then soap and
glory sent me a cake and then Mickey is
the sweetest person ever and she had
cupcakes delivered from sprinkles and it
says Alicia and I just I can't like look
at this pink tray it's so freakin cute
oh my god oh my god and then there were
flowers too this one it was from
beautycon the roses are beautiful oh
these were from maker you smell so my
god oh my god
for my guys like hood bunny
hi hi Kim Penner's is here which means
memes is here which awful doesn't also
mean but guess who else is here
hey were you once a server and try say
it or should I wait I should wait I
didn't know this we are apparently going
on a really fun trip this weekend so I'm
so excited to be a sports
let's go out engine with the lighting is
way better this way
yay oh my god and so again these are
things to come in sync on birthdays
sensors tango I'm excited SmarTrip oh
honey hey guys so it is the next morning
and I plan to end this vlog also that
you're really excited for our birthday
trips weird I'm getting really excited
so that's actually tomorrow for me
because this is the next day I taste
Thursday for me right now movies from
yes anyways thank you so much watching I
love you and I'll see you tomorrow
