so I realized that whole last clip
wasn't recording but but all I was
saying was this creamers
so that actually got it a while ago and
I haven't actually tried it until now
and it's really really good
I also want to state the fact that I
look so cute right now I got a spray tan
if you can't tell them we did lime
looking rel cute and I'm also not
wearing a bra that's why I look like
this hold on cute I look like your work
we do you roll ah yes we're filming
probably like three something currently
3:30 I only have a few more clothes to
get and it's going smooth going good job
Ria's here hi she's helping out Chloe's
here by she's helping out means here
she's helping out one more we have a
kiner's and she's open now yeah
a hashtag what's their ship name what
are your guys's ship names we have a
cult kit with Chloe and Ken Glenn
hashtag Glenn I feel like we had one
before I forget what it was
everybody's still Mia got lunch my girl
woof just kidding she said I could have
a bite but I would have done that it
we're going to Vaughn I'm wearing one we
are currently at getting is there a
squadron camera I can also focus
currently shopping because me I need
some stuff for her video I think it's
okay more species give you know women
give me an ahead what is that cell
Vaughn
if you don't want me as long but you're
missing out guys that's definitely an
inside joke now so we all just turns the
corner and John Murray see Starbucks and
literally yells oh my god Starbucks and
I looked at her and I said Jarvis this
is why we're friends
so I were friends oh for thumbnail does
a lie you wanted help
no well
Oh guys look how big this chocolate
bunny is this as big as my face as
bigger than my face currently trying to
figure out what fruit I want I really
strawberry looks so good and it's
strawberry season pretty much almost
pretty much oval um oh here this has a
great
oh oh that looks good
that's it that's the winner
no I'm okay Jimmy uh Pete currently made
a salade currently made a salad
how about toughie oh it smells really
good oh that suck-up seat time it's a
lot later currently 8:37 p.m. anyways
I've just been editing I was sitting on
the spot editing for quite some time now
good news the video is 96% done some
nails done videos listed and enters done
all I have to do is add a few last music
clips and then I have to film that one
party top part we're up talking during
the party other than that it's done I'm
so excited so it's going to be up still
probably it's going to be up around noon
or 1 p.m.
how did editing go freeze so funny
though like the clips I've seen I'm so
excited
comment of the day what time is it
exactly right now when you're watching
us there's been a few times where people
are like you said it was eight thirty
eight it was certain 838 for me and
that's happened to me a few times from
watching vlogs and people said to time I
look down and it's the exact time that
what's the chance or probability that
that happens I have no idea in the world
dispensing Emerson I may last someone
was actually watching this during 8:38
and don't be one of those people who are
lying saying it is when it's not because
I know we were sitting I don't but God
knows who you are how you know you're
guessing
60 minutes 10 20 hey guys so I just
wanted to end this vlog here the minute
I start getting ready for bed and go to
bed because tomorrow I actually have to
get up pretty not pretty pretty early
but kind of early actually presenting
and the young entertainer is award to
bestow funds I'm going to vlog and go to
Universal afterwards so that's be super
fun but that's my first presenting thing
I've never done that okay anyways I love
you guys so much and I'll see you for as
me luck
