good morning guys
tan tan-tan done in case you didn't know
new vlog is up it is my very first
impressions on the chart shape tape can
see a conceit nope just kidding'
Foundation also low-key it was obsessed
with that thumbnail for some reason so
snaps for Lita anyways yes that is up
shout out to everyone who's commenting I
love you guys so that's welcome to
today's vlog guys we got our coffee so
let's put on some makeup also holy
loving my hair this morning okay maybe I
use like so messy right now okay so I'm
actually really excited to retry the
foundation today with a different
weather they go try it out with a bun
yesterday I use the brush that came with
and I absolutely hated it and I feel
like that's a huge reason why I didn't
love it and I actually forget what shade
I even used yesterday wait this looks so
dark to like it looks really yellow okay
oh I forgot I have to work fast I'm
actually gonna go in with a little more
and makeup is done oh really liking it
today yeah really liking my makeup today
like way more than yesterday I did some
like golds on the lid and then I did
satin taupe which is like a Mavi kind of
color like in the outer crease but yeah
that's the makeup for the day any way
we're gonna be doing some filming as you
guys know or if you saw we did a lot of
filming yesterday and we have quite a
bit uh like half of it to do today so we
should probably do that we can really
see my makeup now let's do it let's do
it oh about to film an intro Ashlee's
yeah I think we found a really good
lighting setup everything that took a
little bit to get it together but you
know what I think it's gonna look real
good the last one was really really
harsh in the last video so hopefully
this one looks good but anyway I'm
excited let's
this ash would you mind getting a little
BTS for everyone well behind the scenes
hey goo what the I was thinking of what
videos come this week and it just hit me
all of the sudden there's just there's
some struggles and you know I just
thought I I don't think I've seen anyone
did this video I'm sure someone has but
I wanted to do it and give it my little
spin on so if you haven't yet it would
mean it so much if you hit that
subscribe button and don't forget to
ring the bell that way you're notified
every time I have a little video
hopefully because YouTube is like
anyways anyways let's just get on to
this video and I hope you guys like it
anyways cute video did you like it did
you like it
hey guys so we're filming a scene in the
closet and I wanted to be in a row so I
bring out my trusty hot pink Victoria's
Secret robe it made me realize how long
I've had this thing I had this in my
first in our very first apartment I wore
this in my what I got for Christmas
video and I remembered that I like had
just hit a million subscribers then I
recently hit a million subscribers I was
like oh my god so many memories from
this freaking row my parents got me this
one which I love it's so soft and it's
bright pink and I think it's so cute if
you've been here that long you guys are
filling filling the vibes with me if
you're new you're probably like okay I'm
ready up yeah I think I should let do it
oh we should get me walking in like you
behind me in your I was like where are
all my sunglasses what do you what is an
outfit change joke so we're currently
headed to targets I know I've been like
three times in the past week but this is
actually just for a quick scene so we're
really not like going to buy anything
we'll see but like now we're really
really not quick outfit of the day
jack-jack can't talk jacket is Wrangler
it's from oh I think I got it from
misguided or pretty little Journal no
pepper mayo pepper mayo
I think pepper masher is like a little
cropped tank top from urban Fame
answer from urban and then I'm gonna
change into and then I'm gonna change
into these Puma white Sneaky's I found a
wall so I wanted a picture Wow
long time we out here what up ash so
this is cute this is cute this is real
cute but yeah let's do this and we can
go home and we can finish warming which
be done oh my god boom chicka yeah look
they make it in a big size now bless the
law know what okay I know I said I'm
gonna need to use the other creamer up
and I will I promise
well I just wanted to have that for when
I'm ready to finish when I'm gone I can
have that you know anyway it looks like
we're getting some food
question of the day give me a food
recommendation like you're at the
grocery store what's your favorite that
could be corn dog it could be be spinach
let me know Ashley and I love this like
Amy's brand yeah Amy knows what's up
that's all I gotta say the burritos are
so good we got the goods my battery is
flashing wait can you get those chips
y'all they're gonna be gone by the time
we get home hey ash can I ask you a
question yeah yeah what's up is that a
rat
we were officially done filming this
video which makes me so happy
I haven't feel like I may have like
missed a scene because there was so much
like kind of confusion that we had
cloaca mere flow is about to go just the
groomers and get her hair done
look at that stretch just your bad
clothes get haircut I love her now I
just have to edit this video you're
never done I swear hey yeah hey uh so uh
so you wanna uh do you want a it's about
to go down because because I bought
another control so we'll be here for
about an hour or so I went another day
another day in my green sweatshirt
freakin love this thing okay I'm being
in mind guys I'm sorry I'm sorry
look at that Felicia one food hello
everyone I just want it to quickly end
this vlog because I realized I did not
end it so I'm so sorry but um yeah that
you liked it and I will see you guys
really soon with new blog
