good morning guys and welcome to today's
vlog as you can see i'm totally not
ready and I need to get ready really
quick so we're about to do my makeup
that's currently trying to get the those
balloons and I'm at school so we get
today is a filming day we have to finish
filming me and I are going to be filming
finish one of our that that's that Club
remember that one collab that I belong
that one day yeah well that's actually
going up this weekend so get so excited
also I don't know if you can hear my
voice eysan so six the past few days
which is why I haven't really been
vlogging I remember I thought it was
allergies and then I didn't think your
mythology's in that Felony's again I
still don't really know I miss the
urgent care two days ago and it's kind
of frustrating because they really
didn't help much they just gave me like
two prescription for things so I don't
know I don't know anyways I'm back today
I basically have less than an hour to
get ready so so let's do this
Tom vishal made some prime air make it
then well kind of for this for the most
part I slept I should put lashes on but
like I'm not into right now
and I knew Tom simplistic but today I
got a package from Estee Lauder and they
just sent me a whole bunch of their new
lipsticks which is so exciting so I'm
going to try one right smell the Sun and
get out of I can get it out of the
things that literally six two minutes
look at these are so weird they're like
they're not your normal lipstick point
which is crayon but so it smells really
good smells like this is my like it
smells so familiar you're so nice how
many of you are so excited to see Beauty
and the Beast it comes out this Friday
right it comes out this Friday you guys
know how much I love Disney I'm obsessed
with me you should go watch the Disney
VIP tour vlog because I basically cry
not buddy I'm so excited I don't know if
you guys have heard of Disney Magic
Kingdom's the game like the app is so
much fun I actually heard about this
from other youtubers and then they
reached out and wanted to work with me
so I was like there's no I'm just me
obsessed so I already knew this demon
existed before they reached out so it
was really funny I'm like yo I actually
play your game already
so the are sponsoring this video I am
NOT trying to hide that in any way shape
or form I like how it's really user
friendly you don't have to say like I
feel like I've played some games I love
how it's so user-friendly and you don't
have to sing
too much when you're playing it opposed
to other games that are too hard to get
into or to play and obviously it Disney
slows makes me excited so there's an
update to the game so there's a Beauty
and the Beast Edition which is really
fun so that update started March 9th and
it's actually going to be all the way
through April 3rd wait that is two days
before my birthday so that'll be easy to
remember it's completely free and apps
available in the App Store so I'm going
to have the link to it in the
description box if you guys want to play
it if you do download it sweetmeat
screenshots and pictures of you playing
the game and I'm going to try to like
and favorite as many of those as I can
so there's different storyline quests
that you play and then you come home off
different levels or different characters
so it's so fun it's super easy again I'm
going to link to it in the description
oh my god
ah I'm like I've been there I'm stood
right there you guys look who got back
from the groomer oh we are a little
marshmallow
why are we so pretty huh look at her
there little fluff oh I love you so so
Mia is actually coming over in a little
bit and we are going to film these a
really chill day so hope you guys like
this book um oh also I got um some boom
boom boom boom I have a mini haul to
show you guys okay I'm gonna haul hi I
actually placed an order on Nasty Gal
before they went bankrupt
everything was seriously like 70% off it
was so unbelievably inexpensive I got
this little summer dress it's white and
then what's really cute these actually
tie on your shoulders so you can make a
little bows on your shoulders it's
strapless milk so cute that's what that
looks like
I'm actually really excited for this
just because it reminds me a bit very
summery very cute love it and then I got
a pair of black jeans that I hope fit
because I'm usually really picky with my
jeans these are low-rise and I thought
they were high-rise so I usually do not
like long right I think they were $20
they were so inexpensive not sure how
much they normally were but they look
like that and then and then I got this
dress which is very cute a supercut Audi
which these style dresses like looks the
best on me where they're tighter up on
like fire waist and stuff and then goes
flowy so I'm really excited for this I
also didn't have
just a plain black dress like this
so-called uh and then okay and Ono and
then I got a book from their show you
guys that later and then I got a package
from pop fluxes Blogilates Cassie's
fitness line which I'm so proud of her
actions are the sweetest people I've met
they have to send me a little care
package so they put me some leggings it
goes like this and the quality of this
amazing and then there is these
modalities I don't know if you can tell
but they're all like see-through and
mesh
oh my gosh so cute and then another pair
of black ones that look like this have
more mesh lining a little cutout at the
ankle and I love how these in the pocket
not one but two sports bras are so cute
and then two tops and this one is so
freakin - I was like literally thought
of my Instagram is that embarrassing
today probably it's just like a sports
bra but then it goes flowy at the bottom
so that's super cute and then lastly I
got a white long-sleeve workout tops
which I love so yeah that's everything
that I got so I'm showing you guys and
then here is that Estee Lauder lipstick
collection which is huge just you like
that CRO you want lipstick yeah oh
behind please oh my god - hey guys what
is that first of all so I actually
wanted to end this vlog I know that it's
kind of scattered like just I know it
kind of ended abruptly and I didn't want
to have it just in like this so I want
to end it but I also really quickly just
wanted to say and say I'm sorry that
there haven't really been that many
vlogs lately I have been super busy so I
thought I just I don't know I just
wanted to kind of address it even though
it doesn't need some you know dress but
but know that I love you guys so much
and I'm not planning on stopping
vlogging anytime soon I've just been
pretty busy I feel like the next two
weeks are going to be extremely busy
yeah but know that I love you guys and
I'm thinking about you so yet I want to
end this vlog I love you and I'll see
you superseded I'm probably going to
vlog tomorrow so so public some you know
mom Olivia BYE MOM
yeah
