good morning world what is that
today is March 10 is the Friday
this is currently 12:24 p.m. Emel today
I am p.m. stuff I'm starting today's
vlog because I want to show you guys
Monday and my life and yes you'd be so
proud of me so I mean I went to the gym
this morning good a bit benefit that was
good
totally killed it like no other I'm
going to change and get ready for the
day
well my closet it's not messy this like
Emma's he's got to figure out what I
want to wear today I'm going to come
food so maybe something hmm
okay this is what we ended up doing and
I'm not feeling it at all by really just
you know good jacket pan share from
Urban Outfitters Oh get my ball it
doesn't even match and I just whatever
but Ashley and I are actually going to
go get lunch
I should remove and very sign for that
so yeah that's why I'm kind of rushing
but it's clean this cool and of course
this one looks all cute well you look so
cute and I look so bad and we'll be back
to us about to get some sushi I'm Alex
I'd box that it's so pretty today your
outfit scale already fella I'm the
biggest failure and I'm so excited to
eat it I completely forgot Vogue I have
my camera I have noticed you sorry but
but never fear
it's whole time afternoon with the Urban
Outfitters this morning I wasn't
planning on really getting much in the
tuna was this happen this ends up
happening I get this huge friggin paste
a whole bunch of new stuff in it so cute
I think it's all times good cat here's
the bag it's kind of huge I really I
just wasn't expecting to get all this
stuff what about it I don't outfit at
all let's get started well so the first
thing I got this in the sale section you
guys and it was only twenty dollars is
normally fifty it's just super cute
corduroy shirt and it's like zesty pink
which is like my favorite color of life
super cute help I got my right side I
think I did I need a whole bunch of new
skirts and shorts I wear the same pair
of jeans all the time so I really wanted
to get some different bottoms and this
was just calling my day
so I got that gonna be super cute with
white Adina's and I keep a little like
crop off or something the next thing
that I got our another pair of
high-waisted shorts and I saw these on a
mannequin and they had a child super
cute with a belt and everything and
really hope they fit and that they work
out because they look super cute and
they're just like mom high-rise very
short that is what they look like
oh these weren't on sale business then I
got this I hadn't called seamless
bralette hair looks like a sports bra
bralette tight but it does for that
Nosa front no this is the front even
this with the shorts like up does this
not scream up spring and summer the next
thing I got is this shirt dish oh my god
you guys I'm so excited it's just super
cute little cropped t-shirt which I
thought would be really key with
high-waisted shorts or skirts or
whatever
I got another bralette because I have a
million of these but I don't have this
specific color I got that and then okay
this is so fun I got this dress in the
sale section but it's just blue really
pretty like mermaid YZ really cute
skater dress super flattering I'm sort
of so fun I love the color I love the
sheen to it and I can tell it's going to
be super flattering and it was on sale I
also sort of Nicki when I saw this
because obviously it's blue and he's
blue the next thing is this jacket this
was also in the sale section tag is
definitely not on here but it was on
sale it's this black bomber jacket that
has a hood I thought it would be perfect
for when it's super cold and you're
trying to be cute but you also want to
be extremely comfy the insides lines
super oh my god es I like it
it's super comfy and then the left C yes
yes I'm still dying I don't think I've
accost I genuinely think it's allergies
so okay and then there's one last thing
that I got I got this perfume I have no
idea how to actually say this sell ocean
like it's the ocean one blue this is a
hair and body mist so it's bigger than
the normal protein that they have it
smells so good like this is gonna be my
everyday said for forever oh my god I
literally had to make sure I was
recording because I was going to be
really sad if I found out I recorded
this alright um was holding without a
recording but yeah that is
that I got from Urban Outfitters UCSD so
ash and I argue baiting if we want to go
swimming or not cool films really nice
question should we go swimming or should
we watch how to get away with murder
I'm gonna say swimming since daylight
and then we watch a movie well that'll
be our movie a nice the bowl
let's go boy yeah ooh is snapchat pretty
behind see this means did I really get
behind the scenes at the snapchat um
let's get a little punch me it's the
palm tree in there like this well that's
pretty ready 1 2 3 / oh my god k yeah
okay so my god I'm scared it's going to
be so cold oh my god this is my first
time actually into the pool oh my god
you ready
we should fit ready okay okay we're
never like kick one two ready go
yeah oh that's not cute that's cute okay
seriously why is it so hard to get super
rank sometimes oh that one's - I like
that to me - that kind of suit up I
think I like that yeah actually I was
inspired oh it's a bug but it's not a
spider ash got out the floating it's
extremely dirty - floating to choose a
floaty
oh my Stedman oh my gosh I think they're
waterproof some weirdo plants they can
put it over there yay it's so easy to
show you to the apartment excuse it's
some sort of small but a car so it's
cool
like we need to get chairs that can lame
here oh don't worry they scare me on my
any windows hey guys
update time it's a lot later Asha Parekh
oh my god I was pregnant with it baby
nice boy you know I am so tired
oh man but a good news if I did edit
this vlog which means it can be up in
the morning I slept through this
thumbnail and add this last clip about
50 seconds who watched how to get wave
murder it was really good and then we've
been watching Jane the Virgin and of
course that's something you think is an
amazing job on if you end this vlog and
I will see you guys tomorrow with a new
vlog and yes I love you
