good morning guys what is up today is
Wednesday I almost have no idea what the
plans are for today ash was actually
going to go back to Orange County later
today we were going to film this morning
do you remember that time I got a crack
Siddhant and I thought it was kind of
minor someone just hit me from behind oh
it's not that bad
obviously I'm okay like it's not like
bad bad but it's just kind of like threw
me off so I was like oh my gosh what's
going on well apparently it was a lot
bigger than I thought my car has been in
the shop for about two weeks now I can
finally get it back today I'm so excited
so we're going to go pick it up I didn't
think there was that much damage to it
but he said underneath like that's like
there was a lot more damage than I
thought
yeah I gotta go pick up Henry from the
shop I'm so excited I'm adding you I
really do I really should get some
filming done today and I have a few
errands to get so that's my day also I
put up yesterday's vlog so you guys
should totally go watch it oh I look
funky revoir oh my god this part though
I was like actually so surprised I love
how I go all out for things like this is
so extra so I'm going to read and apply
to your guys's comments
oh yes got some coffee much needed and
now we can to makeup on get ready to
hopefully film in time before FSBO
okay hopefully that's decent loading
this is a Smashbox photo finish primer
water and its purpose also
lately I've actually gotten it so many
compliments on my skin which is now
everyone's like your foundation looks
really good
well I'm gonna show you what I've been
doing so I've been using mask off the
hydrating photo finish primer after
using the primer water on the opposes
matte and then I've been using the Tarte
Amazonian clay foundation with this oil
I want to say Tamara's Marusia on this
just like a buffer blitz prep mess it up
blob uh-huh buffer brush to put like a
little bit on there and then just a drop
of it like a science experiment
literally just a drop on the foundation
and then start buffing onto your skin
guy like that and that's all I've been
doing pure foundation obviously I use my
chart shape and keep concealer because
this is life best concealer in the world
I'm not kidding make this done I did
this makeup look yesterday I was really
liking it it's literally just gold on
your lid and a light pink in your crease
look good anyways we're going to go try
it it's actually been a bit since I've
been to target which is really good I
feel like I should probably should make
a list of things because I'm sure I need
some other things from there right now
but we're going to film a scene for it
this week's video going up sunday get
very excited to no money so we are
currently on our way to target yeah we
are yeah we are yeah we are yeah we are
trying to think of things we need we
relate to say like adulting things like
laundry soap we shaper towels very
boring stuff so this isn't have fun
Target adventures this is more of a just
targeted trip also I'm wearing my new
shirts I got from urban the other day
with Nikki it was like the mesh what do
you have in black
I have a long single one okay I saw it
something on the floor that looks just
like this Mel's like oh my god because
he wants to be Navy braless I like it
some of my OCD is there anything you
need some target I would try to think
about that and I don't think mostly the
laundry soap because I have a lot of
laundry I'm going to do
been girlfriend be our target BAM my
coffee is already gone and I'm sad or we
could get another one okay to the bra
section we've made it clearly okay let's
do the - dude paper towels oh my god it
so heavy wasn't expecting that this is a
fail oh my god
spotted Ashlee buying salsa verde verde
sorry hasn't that bad that there they
aya myheco
what else do we need Kurama gross
Saturday sectional so since we live in
LA now and Chloe is a bougie dogs
getting a little doggie bag so we can
walk her it's a little bone it's all
bone to hold a mr. cute and then Ashley
really wanted to get her new water bowl
we like are constantly filling up her
water so we're going to get one that
just is like automatic why don't you
this suitcase is so cute oh my gosh I
need this ash I need this I love what I
don't meet it I just really really want
it so hundred bucks that's so cute
so here's everything we got got some
good hi
okay so we are back from Target and I'm
starving it's currently on Tom's almost
once earlier today at what I got my
coffee desk accel-copy gratitude there
so I got the liberated just one is so
good if you ever go there it has tiny
noodle thing it's so I have fun text me
later
I'm so hungry I don't know why so it
like really so freaking good
oh good morning guys welcome to day two
of this book today is what is today I
never know what day it is it's like it's
a problem it's an actual problem
Thursday today is Thursday so I got kind
of ready I really didn't even
now my haircut come on back Clark I
didn't even really do my hair I did my
makeup halfway I didn't even bother
doing my eyes like no mascara no eye
shadow nothing what's funny is I
literally didn't care I just stopped in
my makeup and called an event later I'm
actually going to go over I'm supposed
to help make you two swimming aids so
I'm sure I'll get ready ready later but
for now this is what those all of you
guys saw my snapchat this morning if you
didn't it's because by the time you're
watching this the 24 hours is already
over so it's gone where you're just not
following me up such a high every way I
went shopping at brandy Melville the
other day and I got some new top aka
this one is super cute super cute it
says good vibe I spilled my coffee on my
shirt on my brand-new shirt happens to
me so much it's annoying murder anyways
and I are going to go get some lunch
right now because we're going to go to
lemonade an outfit I changed I was
wearing leggings
it's so hot guys it's so hot today
obviously you can't really tell heat
through the vlog camera my car said 88
degrees almost 90 degrees it's so hot
today so I'm we switched to short yes
and then I also have a hoodie tied
around my waist so anyways this is my I
love today featuring balloons I love how
these balloons are just chilling here so
is Chloe's toy alright babe we gonna get
hit what what did I just say we need to
get a haircut we are getting chunky
hey are you wearing a glasses - we are
twinning oh did you change because I
said we want a picture I want super
cheap it
I knew it yeah
currently at lemonade about to get some
food Merle excited what do I want what
do I want Ashley vlogging of course
you're going to get the award
eliminating elastomer hair already got
the minute solitude taping it was pretty
good
kale apple hot and pineapples again got
the used blood orange eliminate but I
did try a new cauliflower thing which I
haven't tried this is pretty good
cardigan hey guys
update time so it's a lot later I'm so
sorry apparently at Nikki's apartment
what are you I know I feel like this
messages popping up in here almost every
single day I got we should swing and
look at here well we're having a
brainstorming session you guys there's a
Chloe and an Adeline anime yeah yeah I
wrote that I'm here to sell guys I need
your help can you help me see have been
brainstorming some amazing video ideas
do me a favor and leave some comments
below of videos that you really want to
see that you missing on YouTube or even
like original crazy ideas that you would
never think anyone would do because
maybe we can incorporate them and then I
might take your video for an actual
video that'd be really cool some
childhood dream Oh Erica challenging
though you've always wanted
and we're always been like the most
insane thing you could ever think oh
yeah like swimming in a pool of jell-o I
feel like every single person has
thought that at some point in their
lives dozens going on yeah we filmed a
secret project hey guys what is that X
pun to end this vlog because you're like
watching it I'm sorry that I had to put
two days in one eye that was totally my
fault yeah I'll see you guys frost me
luck I love you Ann yeah
