hey guys what is up
welcome to today's vlog it is currently
12 11 a.m. like noon noonish the days
kind of a chill day actually have a few
meetings and stuff so I just figured I
would start in love log so we can start
this vlog but you know I also have very
exciting news for you guys so this
morning I had a special guest come over
we're going to be working on something
and if you follow her on snapchat and
you would really know mister taking over
what Kate enjoy came over and we are
going to be working on a special project
together so many of you guys have told
me that I should work with her to make
over my room and stuff I love them I've
been draw every single video that they
pose no shame so they came over and we
did some measurements for my room and
there may or may not be a total room
transformation that's going to happen it
may not happen for a while but my room
is getting over so excited so yes if
you're not following them already or
builder Chen I'm going to have to link
to in the description box because I love
their channel I love anything
home-improvement so I actually have
known about this for a while now but I
think you guys know because it's
actually happening although it may not
happen not going to happen for a while
I'm not sure exactly when but I want to
let you guys know let's go get soaked so
excited so it's all I really did this
morning
hi come now come here pretty girl come
here I love you oh do you love me you
love me do you love me there's going to
be a huge room transformation happening
within like a month wish maybe they
figure out the date but you guys I'm so
excited and we're driving
they're so pretty Oh question of the
deck if you have a car what kind of car
do you have and if you don't have a car
fun fact I've always really wanted a
convertible you guys meeting went so
well it was actually with CRT CRT
Beyonce London oh my god I was not
expecting this but they gave me so much
makeup Sun Stokes that is - do I wake up
in the morning Oh like this liquid
lipstick there's so many what is this
liquid velvet lipstick so much so thank
you ah anyways I'm going to head home so
yep mumble see guys hey Chloe hi babe
hello world hi cannoli mwah welcome to
today's vlog part two of this vlog after
they are filming all day if you're
filming we are getting some stuff done
it's gonna be good gonna be great hair
makeup is done we took some pictures
which is great how are you still in this
video it should go really well I know
you guys are going to love it I think
this is everyone's favorite types of
video types this is everyone's favorite
type of video on my channel I'm excite
excited when like it recently but I
haven't been one like this one recently
and you'll know what I mean oh my god
what is all over my lips I apologize
guys I'm like a granola bar thing
there's one piece of hair that's been
bugging me all day and it clearly is it
doesn't know where it's supposed to go
it's supposed to go on this side just
like that but it keeps wanting to be a
decider so annoying so if it bugs you
I'm sorry but just imagine how much it's
bugging me today morning we meet
apartment from Chloe why are we so
pretty how are we getting ice pan on so
Ashley here being a little pyro guy is
today national puppy day because that's
what a lot of people were talking about
and we were like Chloe hey babe fun fact
she loves this blanket oh get our
snuggles in uh I know oh please though
still I can't she's like mom you're so
annoying the aftermath of filming a
scene there's literally pads everywhere
whoa
what do you think about that pretty
crazy huh
hey guys and welcome to vlog day 3 of
the fog man I did not expect this vlog
to honestly be so long I'm so sorry but
I really wanted to vlog this weekend and
I know if I don't start blogging now
that I'm not instead of log just because
it'll seem too scattered and stuff but
Ashley and I are actually going to a
music festival this weekend so I'm
really excited for that but we're kind
of running around crazy right now trying
to pack because we really need to go so
yeah that's what's going on I'm very
excited I've never been just want to try
to pack up make sure we have everything
we have cameras memory cards laptops
think we're good I wanted to bring
another lens so I'm exact to find that
camera cloud and where you're coming
yeah we're going to drop you off at game
on gamba we are commit your come in yes
Chloe I literally feel like have a kid
sometimes
anyone else do has a dog so that way
literally she's like a kid
you know thanks have fun if your
brothers are you ready yay
what up guys we just got back to the
hotel room are we back to the hotel room
and just putting my hair and like half
up saying honestly it's just because I
think I didn't really want to do it with
zero we're going to head to the festival
but here's the problem you're not
allowed to bring cameras so what I'm
going to do I think is in here any snaps
and all that fun stuff because I don't
want to not vlog but I also cut a can of
logs the whole thing
