good morning guys and welcome to you
today's vlog it is currently do to do to
do to do Monday March is it marks Wow
smart March 20th 2017 and it's currently
10:19 a.m. I am just chilling out here
in the backyard as you can probably tell
it is seriously so nice out I mean it's
just kind of overcast oh I'm just
literally chillin I am so happy right
now
I still have plans for the day and
definitely need to go to Target later no
for you definitely need to clean the
entire house it is so messy so there's
stuff it's not dirty it's just messy
there's stuff everywhere that's number
one priority today number two is to go
to Target because I'm out of really
random things let's make up life stuff
like that so maybe we'll have a target
adventures later I'm feeling that and
then three is edit because I have a lot
of photos I'll have any videos to edit
but I have a lot of photos that I want
to edit that's the plan for the day is
going to chill here for a bit in my last
vlog I had mentioned that I was going to
Universal for the yah words and stuff
can we talk about how much of a failure
I am I am left my vlog camera and I
didn't even realize till I was there
about to go on the red carpet Mia said
she forgot her vlog camera and then I
was her her I was like I wish my hunky
Emma - it made no sense to drive all the
way back home and that was pointless to
grab it I was like dang it it was so
much fun I did snapchat a little bit we
went to Universal afterwards it is so
nice out today I think it's because it's
been so hot it was seriously it's been
in the high 80s slash 90s a lot lately
so for it to be overcast again I'm
really excited I also think it's a
reinigen miss me hi claw claw my knee
anyways I'm going to watch some YouTube
videos no no I always forget my own
password we're going to watch some tube
guys can we talk about the fact that my
room is a mess uh makeup is everywhere
clothes are everywhere like really
everywhere and let's not even talk on a
closet this is oh my god you guys why
this is from when we went to Palm
Springs I haven't even put all that
stuff away I've just been
oh this week's been crazy I haven't been
able to clean and I sat down to do my
makeup oh my god let's clean this ASAP
okay here I make yeah I had hair so
funny okay hair and makeup done on the
more natural side today I honestly just
brush through my hair I really wasn't
feeling like doing heat to it today so
that's why and now we are going to
target
I need megabyte think I need toilet
paper some water
hashtag resulting stuff yeah Oh dry
shampoo weightless how honestly there's
like I feel like I should make a list
before I go because going to Target and
just it can be dangerous also I'm really
hoping to find pillows for the couch
downstairs because we have none there's
like literally none we really haven't
had me in over a year some hoping we can
find them if not as cool so as you can
see we really don't have any pillows on
our couch and we've been meaning to we
got this couch last year and we were
meaning to but we also knew but I'm so
indecisive with pillows so I think I
honestly just need to just do it I think
I overthink everything in life and I
just need to get a whole bunch different
pillows you know what I mean like this
one this is the only pillow yeah so
that's on the list turns on sometime
let's go okay we going to target Oh
target
I always get the broken cart the first
stop need a new toothbrush and I have no
idea what to get ever because they're
all so different
um that's work I think these work groups
next we need face wipe always get the
value pack also always get the value
pack for lashes because it's way cheaper
although they only have the one ten but
that's cool oh I like the 105 - I think
we're going to get full we're getting oh
wait that's like to me oh no all right
we're gonna do uh you do just assume so
I was lying to get some pillows I do you
know but I'm really not being too much
at all
Murph oh thank you I like this one I
feel like my personality I have to buy
them all at once otherwise I'm gonna
just overthink it okay this one's cute
but mer
well I think it's cuz it's Easter they
have like new Easter pillows but they
don't have regular pillows I need to
wait till after you sir mer here's some
more I like the pink help skill in the
gold oh well extension cords because you
can't charge your phone when you're on
the couch it kind of sucks so this is my
laptop is for my phone can we talk about
how cute this is it is not the cutest
extension cord it's rope and it's blue
look I think that's every day when it
gets too much but much needed so not
focus check out some systems into
symphysis
every time it's a lot later now honestly
not so attentive but I got some food so
I got big surprise my helmets into
bullies our summer mom I'm telling you
guys I'm good new trick so good plugins
so yeah I'm gonna eat this excited
actually haven't had this in a long time
there was one week a few weeks ago right
literally had it every single I had it
three days around but I didn't character
so good hey guys update time so
currently about to start getting ready
for bed I realize I haven't blogged in
quite a bit so I figured I would kind of
show me a getting ready for bed only
thing is I definitely don't have I'm
gonna play video my name is definitely
don't have a tripod or anywhere to put a
camera at long standing here so we're
just gonna put you on the thing that
holds my toothbrushes
we gotta improvise here okay so yeah
okay this is the old oh my god you guys
this is literally the less makeup wipes
that I had before I need a new one
and I just got new ones today so that's
be awesome I love one thing forgot like
that I spoke too soon I need another one
but here's everything that I got from
Target yeah and both of them some some
focus focus and here's to make a boy
also you need to open whoa and with that
also I didn't show you guys this but you
need to see how clean my room is now ah
what this isn't even my room I'm so
excited
so obviously other than other than that
but we're working on that working on we
were working on it but it looks so much
better like this whole corner looks so
much better such with the TV angle which
is really nice and the bookshelf that
was over here is now obviously over here
and it's nice because as you can tell I
don't have nightstands
so it's actually nice to have somewhere
to put my phone now when I sleep which
I'm excited for so yeah
yeah my room is clear we are very
excited about this unless you can tell
it got really dark or will sudden okay
so I'm not going to go to bed now thank
you so much for watching this vlog I
will see you tomorrow with a new one
most likely if not the next day full
show closed so anyways I love you guys
bye
