good morning guys
how are you today is Saturday so happy
Saturday let's see what kind of it
it is currently in 932 am can I just say
I've been so proud of myself
I've been getting up pretty early for
the most part and I'm really liking it I
can really like it anyways today isn't
exciting to act like I've hit it a lot
but it's true today is exciting we are
filming a huge collab everyone's coming
over here at 11:00 and Natalie and
Dennis are actually going to come a
little earlier they should be here 9:30
- I really wanted to get coffee before
everyone came with like I should go do
that soon it's going to be me Natalie
Mickey and Mia so there's me four of us
Gabi actually isn't out here yet I don't
think she slides out till next week
sometime
this was the only day that worked for
Natalie and stuff because she's actually
lives in Florida and she's not visiting
ok I need to finish doing my hair I took
a shower so it's still kind of drying
names gonna blow dry it yes and I think
today we're going to go with this
perfume I love this perfume I got from
Urban I talk about it all the time I'm
annoying but I love it oh where I think
I have everything
foreign I should bring this yogurt so I
was definitely gonna go get coffee and
maybe an off label or something and I
was like Alicia no you're saving money
you're going to make stuff here go to
make my OCD figured I'm going to make my
own latte it's about to go down anyway
City I need ice oh good you need ice Oh
cold cold peanut butter
and then since our team our witness the
other one that I have but it should be
good
it's chocolate scooper and then you need
me try to be artsy and I need a banana
Oh Frick this is my life
whew thank get your blender oh let's
just call this Alisha fails
Oh PS Ashlee I'm totally wearing your
slippers while you're gone I'm Glen so
use a normal glass or do I put wheels on
balloon music made some decisions
we're gonna call it the mason jar put
them oh this is like to pray so much
better than anything as I said you can
make these the same way and they always
constant
so good oh my god that looks so good
peanut butter chocolate banana moody's
moment of truth what up guys so it is
quite a bit later now not sure what time
it is and then is Austin cap Nikki
know any of the memes no memes hey so
obviously we're collabing I'm really
excited for all these videos I think
they're going to be so good right now
we're filming Nikki's thumb thumb thumb
thumb thumb bad I've done something
Rustom you would be a little behind the
scene we have our in little mirrors you
make up some lip gloss I'm excited we
got Starbuck oh my god huh Mickey nice
got forever very excited about this of
course you got like a topping thing I
just changed her life so I literally
would get this oh good it's just coffee
flavoring hmm you don't get coffee
now behind the scenes done sounds I'm
still behind the school I can't watch
Nicky you are blue on blue on blue like
the pool your hair and the moving suit
can I get a picture and we're done okay
so we are currently filming outside
we're starting at my video and I'm that
I event excited Nicky's already gone in
as you see thought the blue girl means
you like beautiful asked if we're
sisters anyways we're done with our
format we're not judged on we're done
filming today I saw the few more things
to get me and Mia have a few more Clips
we need to get but other than that we
are good so get excited love that girl I
think this is this one's going up in a
few weeks oh so it's not going up like
yeah Walter figure that out everyone
left except for me of course miss ed or
we filled and up come where femine oh no
you are slowly we are filming i when it
comes we film where I come and love to
go of it and we go cuz they're calm
anyways I'm actually going to go through
the night over at Nicky's um so I have
to pack so let's go to that and then I'm
their friend of Mike if you remember him
from our New York shoot insert vlog here
it did like a photo shoot in New York
and it was so much fun and he's actually
out here too so we were talking about
having a nickel Esha photo shoot
tomorrow
I knew this jewel thing would come in
handy and I was alright came in yeah
that's last day I realize was I was like
thank God you have avenged in your
closet it she's like come help me pick
out outfits for a photo shoot around I
was like if there was going to be in
here I wouldn't come up I know so we are
currently and my cousin all good we're
picking out some different the fans I
don't know it vibe I'm really going for
I think that might be kind of cool oh
this did you use it's really long too so
it could work as a good wrestle a
see we are passable not all the way but
for the most part so very excited about
that we have some outfits together and
we're just excited to hang out and get
some peak jobs
