Michael of what - oh you went to some
Mary where's your toy good morning guys
welcome to Sunday I'm sorry I didn't
vlog yesterday so there will not be a
new vlog today although you guys will
totally know by the time you want this I
was editing all day today I'm about to
upload a closet life hacks DIYs
organization closet tour it's like a
huge huge video and I really
underestimated how much editing it would
have so literally all I did yesterday
was at it not even getting my day was
boring anyway so I guess it kind of
worked out so I didn't vlog but I
definitely launched along today and I
don't know I I don't think I'm getting
sick but I've been sneezing like no
other I'm really hoping it's just
allergies and I never get allergy myrrh
I don't want to get sick I really really
feel like it's just allergies
no I like I don't know but anyways we
have more editing to do I'm not done of
course I probably have a few more hours
still like three or four wish me luck
I got my coffee I got to fire on I love
how our tables are still just like
chillin right there clearly we gotta
figure that out but I'm going to sit
over here
and start editing I have a lot of it's
diets unless you can see this I don't
know Oh also I love how a lot of you
said you love seeing behind the scenes
of editing and stuff I mean me so happy
because I love this can't you see this
is a too bright not bright enough so
this is my entire video right now and so
much I stopped the color cracked I still
have to do a little bit more of an intro
and then I also have to do the thumbnail
so that's gonna gonna take a while but
we're going to start yes we are also
it's a super pretty day out today
although it is it was sprinkling for a
little bit like it was raining a little
looks good news you see this hey guys
I'll see you in a bit
you guys it is finally uh-huh you don't
even know how long this tech well you
can kind of tell it's currently a
currently 123 p.m. yes I am such a hot
mess right now literally my hair my face
like everything is oh man
it's no good to have that video finally
up I don't know if you noticed but
there's a lot of different shots and
stuff that went into it there were DIYs
life hacks organization tips a closet
tour on top of the Q&A at the end like
there was so much that went into this
video but I think that's why I liked it
so much because there was a lot going on
and I felt like you really I don't know
I feel like I personally really enjoyed
watching it I want to do more videos
like it let me know if I should I don't
know like it was so much fun so it seems
like you guys are really liking it I
know there's going to be haters on this
video especially over time but I don't
even care I want you guys to see it yeah
oh my gosh
you are so cute today a lot of you guys
said you wanted to see more of Chloe in
the vlog so they want they want to see
you babes they want to see you yes it is
high time to you outside I think you do
go outside good okay are you coming are
you coming come on come on yes outfit
goals right now oh my gosh it is so nice
today I have a problem so the other day
when we went to Disneyland you guys you
guys saw that blog well you did it you
should have seen that vlog what are you
doing up watching it just kidding so we
did a VIP tour of Disneyland and we left
really early so Ashley drove and I
didn't make them in the car guess who
still has her makeup in the car and
Ashley has the car so long story short I
don't have my makeup I mean I have me I
plenty of makeup I just don't have my
main every single day makeup that I use
yeah we're gonna have to see what I can
find maybe Ashley has her here
let's go on so as you do you have makeup
whoo
scaling Ashley's makeup don't tell her
don't tell oh my god I forgot about this
did you see my favorite foundation of
life the covergirl three-in-one mmm love
that stuff yep we are stealing us with
makeup whoo I'm gonna use this to hide
it
Wow we got the good now I can go like oh
we're good okay guys so make it was on I
totally can even do my hair or a hat
today because huh my hair's come up
anyways yeah you're not gonna guess
because no one would think them that I'm
Samantha hi back everyone's like wait
I'm leaving I thought your long story
short she's driving back home to like
leave leave cause she was visiting
family after she saw us but now she was
passing through to go back home so we
were like let's go Simon and ash was
going to be so jealous because she's not
here and we didn't actually hey guys
what is that so it's been a bit I'm so
so sorry
sadly I really don't have an excuse I'll
upload every day for three weeks and I'm
gone for about four days it just
happened so I'm so sorry don't hate me
today is a very exciting day for two
reasons one I am collabing with someone
who I've never collab with who I really
love their Channel and they're coming
over in a bit so you can see who that is
so excited get excited I'm excited my
arm hurts the Holy Ghost camera which is
funny I actually get that question a lot
we're like does it hurt holding that
camera like you know over time it does
just a little bit also another exciting
reason is I'm actually going to the
before I fall premiere to night
new movie coming out and I'm really
excited to see it so I'm definitely
gonna let you guys know how I like in
stuff but I figured I would give you
guys a behind the scenes of me getting
ready for the premiere I think Nikki's
going to be there so it's gonna be
really fun you can see what it's like to
be on a carpet and stuff so I'm so
excited oh my god I'm really excited
today is a very exciting a vlog also I'm
just going to state the obvious look
Laurie was kidding I don't like orange I
just definitely look tan to get a spray
tan I realize I haven't gotten a spray
tan and month so to me it feels very
dark even though it's just like medium
it's not even
just it looks yeah so if you're
wondering yes that's what's up with my
skin I should probably set this getting
ready is really going that's probably
really bad for the spring I probably
shouldn't do that
I need like you know what I there needs
to be designated tripod mounted in all
the walls everywhere throughout the
house so I'd always on my blog camera
moves I am balancing you on a mouthwash
Bob I'm pretty proud right now please no
fall I got a new brush we like we've met
always hot though we've never actually
filmed the video or anything up so
excited right now
hello it's so nasty people don't believe
me when I tell her like me oh so we are
currently about to sell but I'm really
excited I'm not going to say what it is
yet but it's going to be good I'm
excited but we should get going because
we've lost you that you guys will see
all behind the scenes some getting
Clementi wait what's your channel
Natalie's outlet not only that what yeah
this is kind of closer I think most of
you probably know her but then sometimes
yeah you know the nice day surprisingly
I don't like Chloe is um meeting
everyone little Chlo she's so sassy
right she's starting to be best friends
with Dennis uh way to my heart I've even
had coffee today so that was like
perfect guys my eyebrows are so on fire
yeah mine are sleek you oh we are so
ready hyung ah oh man I look I genuinely
look mad yeah like men anyways pretty
much done filling my video and then
we're gonna film Natalie soon and then I
was trying to give them recommendations
for food oh yeah better fish yeah steak
you know what I love is this now they
think they know what the video is but
they're they're totally wrong it's not
kids versus now resentment oh yeah yeah
little eat us yep oh your name is Lena
we're revealing who our crushes are to
each other about the prevailing my crust
I wish I was vlogging right now this
thing just exploded oh my god you guys
are gonna love this freaking video oh my
god it would and literally with
everywhere it'll it everywhere oh my god
dude you guys are going to love these
videos I'm so excited I'm pretty sure
we're going to upload Sunday like this
Sunday so get really excited because you
won't have to wait super law let me know
in the comments what your guesses are
what it is or what they are because it's
two videos one of my channel one her
channel yes I'm about to start getting
ready soon for the premiere I'm really
excited for you guys a lot okay so I
just wanted to end this vlog I know you
guys were so excited to see me go to the
movie premiere but I actually decided to
make that a whole separate vlog because
I got a lot of amazing footage so that's
going to be up tomorrow okay Fred and
yeah I love you guys I'm going to edit
here thank you so much for watching and
I'll see you guys tomorrow with new book
bye
