good morning guys what is that today is
month Tuesday - Alicia back with never
knowing what day it is
also my heart don't mind that also not
begin hear my voice
I wouldn't put the sore throat and I'm
really hoping it's just allergies and
not a cold because that makes me really
sad so yeah fun right now asking they
are going to go on a walk and we're
going to bring Clos maybe go get some
coffee and then today we're doing an
exciting shoot I think I'm getting so
anyways and I start the vlog so we can
start and you guys can come along for
our victory today
next time you get a hazelnut latte think
of the serial pot that's what it tastes
odd to Michael so we are currently in
Michaels and we are getting some
supplies for our exciting photo shoot
today we're looking for like tablecloths
and glitter and fun stuff you guys are
you guys already know what this is for
that's cute we need that we got some
paper and then we found this holographic
poster board which is so fun
we still need confetti but other than
that I think we're good overall a little
subtler so yeah between this and those
will be good we just stood in confetti
but I'm sure it's like over here and
they're like the younger kids section
well we feel that the glitter there's
this yeah so I got I mean that work so
we found this but I think we're going to
get the other one too so this is also a
good so you guys remember these ribbon
things I always think of the Lizzie
McGuire episode was it looking to wear
with it
it was connect Kelly connect Kelly and
they had like the ribbons and stuff I'm
ever wanting to look so bad and I tried
one time and I got tangled and it was
embarrassing
I'm sure I got too much I was walking by
and ran over here I was like oh my god
the glamour caddy oh my god I love this
dang and but wait what $29 guys this is
like 12 or 15 at Target why I'm social
cream
oh my god Ashley so Ashley I just did
some shopping but really good store that
had a lot of stationery and random fun
stuff like that we literally saw it and
awesome I got so cute we're looking at
like that's so cute
and I didn't get it obviously and we
come home and tart how to package
they said this that's so funny like I
debated getting it for a second I know I
did it I'm so glad I did it oh my god
way to my heart you guys this is so cute
this Starbucks gift card oh my god this
is so adorable it's just so funny too
because I literally almost got this so
this is for their new what is this lip
liner lipstick and lip liner lip
architect products which are right over
here like a double-ended thing that's so
freakin cute that's adorable okay if you
guys if you guys are new to my channel
this is my favorite thing ever
I love stationery anything like Kate
Spade or bando or anything like that I'm
obsessive you are made of Stardust stay
golden and they really went full out and
gave us some gift cards for books though
so Q you didn't have to do that I put on
some makeup I kind of did my hair I'm
liking it too so basically I mean I'm
sure the title already says it but I
wanted to do a really fun shoot
celebrate hitting 5 million subscribers
oh my god three of you guys crazy like I
guess I'll say my speech now I know
numbers are like just numbers one of my
biggest advice to smaller youtubers is
to never really worry about numbers and
stuff but hitting a crazy milestone like
that just makes me feel so happy and
inspired and I guess me pumps because I
ever thought I could do this and Here I
am doing it so hopefully I can inspire
you guys go after your dreams and chase
them and do whatever it takes to do it
so exciting if I melt like there comes a
point where you just can't even
comprehend I wanted to have it some
really cute photos so it's on the
Instagram and socials and all that fun
stuff oh we have some sensations that we
got set up you've ever wanted to see
behind the scenes this is behind the
scenes so we got a tablecloth and then I
have this which just came down here so
I'm probably going to sit here and then
it will look super cute and then over
yeah we got this really cute cake stand
for the cake and then we can take some
pictures like Boop yay oh and then this
is that board that I was talking about
like how amazing is this amazing okay so
here are all of these props and now
time to get up is a cake boom bada bum
ba-bum ba-bum ba-bum bum bum boom Tata
Tata my god I'm so excited
yeah Kings out about the rolling up DOMA
verbis I realized I now feel like I have
a thing for cakes
after vlogmas oh my gosh which is south
you I love how they did like the drip on
the side that's adorable
okay I believe this is confetti funfetti
somebody I believe this is fun steady
inside love currently setting up first
thing we're going to do is get a video
of lighting this sparkler candle it's
like a little hard sudden we're going to
Sparkle it up and it's going to look
back out here yeah Chloe so someone's at
the door and I know what it is Alicia
doesn't what is it durable
this is tumbler of them pumping good I
know I'm so good if we didn't get
balloons we all want to do yeah no
wonder you're like it only bloom yeah
hey guys so it goes with everything
oh my god I'll go to the bottom cookies
it looks like a little prison oh my god
no thanks I'm down I love their staff
and the balloons Oh oh my god we have so
many pictures of cake I almost in a
recording it okay ready
oh my god oh no did I hit you again yes
you guys we just got some awesome
footage of the heart sparkler should go
add me on instagram cuz I'm probably
gonna post that today I feel like so you
should go watch it I'm excited the only
other thing is I definitely wanted a
picture of you next to the cake and now
I'm like oh shoot but we don't like to
get out
five in there yeah yeah I'll shut up I
got to eat the cake I'm usually not much
of a funfetti person but this one's
really good I think it's because we
wouldn't feel like a bakery in the bomb
I'm not a cake person I really don't
like cake but I realized I just don't
like store-bought cake this one is so
bomb Dawa so again update time it's a
little bit later just a little bit just
just a little bit we did our photoshoot
and it went so well seriously I already
posted everything on Instagram so if
you're not already following me on
Instagram you really really should be -
Graham is at Felicia yes
now Aston I actually want to get more
pictures just to get some pictures the
Sun is going to set soon but lighting
per frontal we're going to get some
pictures and then we are going to cool Z
I'm wearing this meeting see it from
Hollister and I love this one so so cute
like off the shoulder and it's just like
I know that's against it well what's at
the top looks like it's so cute I love
game ooh that's a koozies look over own
eyes the Sun is like setting but I think
we still have let's see if it's win yes
oh yeah not bad enough I mean it's not
hot but it's not it's not bad
yay I feel so nice to go in here during
the day because normally are likely
tonight yay oh yeah guys little isn't my
favorite bathing suit like how cute is
this
it's off-the-shoulder - well I love it
question of the best think of your
favourite bathing suit right now that
you own what color is it and comment
down below
obviously mom's life oh oh no oh no my
breakdown is off like having my knee oh
my god hello mum you can move look at my
spray tan is off and I think it's cause
I was kneeling on this light
thing whoopsie okay so it is currently
at 9:34 p.m. I just edited basically all
the pictures that we took today they
turned out so cute also I changed my
desktop to one of the pictures that we
took earlier today with the cake and I
love it it's so pretty I'm currently
watching Titanic you know this is one of
my all-time favorite movies of life
Ashley went to the gym and I was getting
some editing done I need to start
editing this vlog and he said you know
like right now like I'm just getting
kind of lazy and I don't want to do it
let's be real
hmm clearly why you so sassy why don't
you turn around this girl okay let me be
productive with my life and start
editing done some and now this vlog is
done so I hope you guys like watching
today hey you guys most likely tomorrow
with a new vlog I love you bug
