good morning guys what is that and
welcome to it Sunday's Vala have you had
a great weekend actually you should
comment below what you did this weekend
or what your favorite thing you did was
this we good mine is probably a little
defend the baby excuse me
fine would probably be a better
collabing or since today is an over yet
for me tonight's going to be pretty fun
we're gonna take some pictures and just
chill and hang out if you didn't see
yesterday's vlog then you wouldn't know
that I'm actually in Nikki and Gabby's
apartment there she goes the little blue
hair was running by a blue blur Oh blue
blue so yeah I was currently just
getting ready I stopped to finish my
hair but I figured I'd let it sit so it
doesn't like loose curl too much did
more of an orange also have to finish my
makeup don't worry I know it's like not
blended all the way currently this is
out that we got going on or I'm sure
shirt is Ashley just from Urban
Outfitters yes and then shorts are also
shorter from Nasty Gal but they're
Levi's so so yeah I'm 7 and of course we
had a coffee find in fact this was
actually Nikki's and they got her order
wrong so I took it and I actually really
liked it she's like this is disgusting
and I was lucky like it's currently noon
lunch time ish and I got my hummus and
swilley salad a big surprise you guys
know I'm obsessed with this I literally
had it yesterday I love it so much you
know Gabby's the one who turned me on to
this then Google so we are ready to go
are you excited Nikki thank you much for
your time yeah video later I was my hair
everything is blue her hair her shirt
her overalls and she loving it yes it's
go right we we are on the air but we're
gonna get some pictures this is mine do
you guys remember his nose what your
interests at Mike bloody photography go
follow follow know below
Oh
oh yeah it is really like kind of windy
and cold oh my god I'm getting it Alicia
foggy foggy really done okay I've got
two photos like so you're on the gear
it's a little functional bit like no
else in charge remember to call us but
good we're taking a train is really not
going I'm worried about the fictiony kid
hey guys so update time is a lot lighter
now I shoot with really good weed at
Cheesecake Factory and now at Nikki and
I are in urban emphasis on 3rd Street we
said we were just looking so I found a
really cute shirt that I really liked
and I think I want to get it
do you've anything such area that's cute
those cute we are shopping I'm really
like you miss sure it's like mesh and
white I like it if I didn't already have
so many chokers I'd be all about this to
420 deal right now spotted a wild Nicky
finding camo what I found PMO Calvin
Klein set I usually like don't like the
basic Calvin Klein ships to basic but
it's camo and it's a different texture
could you catch me right now
yeah oh I didn't spend a day
I'm a terrible I kind of like this
always honest hey guys what up
I am currently editing this vlog right
now I wanted to end it at thank you so
much for watching
you know what's funny is when they kick
this out I mean I don't know why you
can't take pictures in the like arcade
area but apparently you can't we didn't
know that I mean they're fine there's
the gif to leave but then they escorted
us out which was funny like they wanted
to make sure we were leaving and that it
was it wasn't just going got a few shots
from this but yes you think you two mics
are taking all of our pictures it was
like oh they turned out so good I
started posting them so follow my
Instagram and follow me on Instagram if
you want to see all the pictures from
the shoot and stuff love how they do not
love it so yeah anyways I've been in the
dog I'll see you guys tomorrow Dias bye
