good morning guys and welcome to you
today's vlog I just got up yesterday's
vlog I'm very excited about that one
down one word ago like I said now I just
have to finish my main channel video
mostly done I just have some little
things I have to add music and
transitions I think so my life right now
it's literally on two computers I was
editing my blog on here and then it was
uploading and now I'm just reading and
replying to comment and then over here
I'm working on my main channel video so
hopefully I can get that up ASAP yeah me
right now I don't know how I'm even
doing it also it's currently 1044 my
goal is usually to get my main channel
video up by noon as of now it might get
up I could stay in like less than an
hour I think I think I don't know I hope
okay I just is that blogging you just do
it look at it you guys I'm so excited to
do as the video is uploading videos
uploading and so excited it is now 11:49
so I'm about right I thought I'd get it
up and about now and once I get this up
I'm going to go start getting ready and
I think we're going to go out to get a
brunch because that sounds amazing
two seconds oh now it's processing so I
want you upload it your video has to
process for another like hmm five
minutes or so sometimes mom home laying
on okay guys so videos are up the toys
so like I was feel so good after both
videos get up yes anyways we are going
to go get some brunch and I'm going to
go feed it because everyone else is
ready and I'm about everyone else I
didn't tell you who's here gutter come
here
you're so pretty I was so MERP my
eyelashes are we know you're out of it
beautiful look at mine they're like
non-existent welcome a lot oh no God why
got phone and we're good let's do it
Ike level see you soon also hold still
what's up hey guys
yesterday I forgot my camera here so I
couldn't film the event today I bring my
camera at a brunch and I leave it in the
car and of course we parked far away so
it made no sense to really go back and
get it yeah like it's also fun food I
feel like I haven't really been on my
blogging game so I apologize guys this
week I'm just going to go to make up for
this past week yes French is good got
some coffee although it's kind of gone
so I don't have some coffee so what our
plans for the day say it's gonna be a
really chill day later we're going to go
get some dinner I think we're going to
go at Earth because re really wants to
go there and then we're most likely
going to go see Mia I'm guessing we'll
stop by her apartment door I need a
change because I'm still in a sweat and
my sweatshirt I think I should just put
on like some leggings pants which whoops
lower Oh oh my gosh guys I never showed
you my finished closet sometimes I feel
weird because I know I like I feel like
I talked about all time I know it's a
lot and yes but um I'm just excited to
want to show you guys oh okay I did end
up getting a bench for the closet if you
remember from one of our top one of the
many Target vlogs from last week I was
trying to decide if I should get a
wooden bench from Target or a fluffy one
home decor is making me so happy and
look what I found
there's this little bench thing I'm
wondering if that would look good in the
closet or they have this bench which
might be better only because everything
is so white I really wasn't sure which
one I wanted and at one point I really
thought I knew what I was going to get
but I ended up getting the opposite one
boom and dirty let's go so when you walk
in yay I ended up getting the fluffy one
I don't even don't get it I don't know I
feel like it's kind of 50/50 a lot of
people like so wooden one better and a
lot of people like the fluffy one better
so yes I still want to get a little
basket or something right here I could
put my hamper here but I like my hamper
being in my bathroom so I'm not sure I
feel like it needs something initially I
really wanted a mirror but I don't think
it's going to fit I mean I can get one
on the wall here but I think what's
going to make most sense is to either
get a mirror on the back of my door or
get a mirror
here on this wall just because it saves
so much more room that way I really want
to get a mirror in here because I think
that would be amazing so yeah I really
really like this I feel like I just add
it makes it feel more like a store like
a boutique kind of thing and then up
here I ended up putting some of the
urban outfitter pictures I have but I
think I might change them because
honestly these are so feel like it's
kind of a waste of them being just like
in my closet because no one else but me
is really going to see it you know it
means I'd like I'd rather these be
downstairs so I might push these out
yeah and that's my closet for now oh and
then we also got D knobs finally put on
so I don't have to open the doors from
the bottom it's so nice just having the
doors to open often or having having the
knobs to open all the doors and then I
showed you guys me putting these up for
the first time those are so nice I got
these bins from Target and they were
just the room essentials line and
seriously they they add so much I feel
like they really add a lot and Indy's
Venza ended up putting scarves and
beanies and I feel like it's funny how
those two wire baskets add so much to
the room because everything else is the
same you know I mean really so and then
I don't know if you can see through here
I got these little containers for my Kia
which I really really like because it
just helps it just helps keep all my
shoes all organized and stuff I really
like those and they're really
inexpensive too yeah that's basically
everything that's new with the closet
let me know if you guys want any
organizational type video because I feel
like I've learned a lot of cool
organizing tips putting all this
together yeah I feel like I could
definitely do some sort of
organizational video even if it's just
on my vlog Channel oh hi hi guys oh oh
TD for us shirts some targets the
turtleneck is that mine I have one just
like it and um either my new overalls
got a turban and have a big hole in it
these I have forever but I never wear
them I like the white titties with the
denim look so I ground down are you
going to target yes as you should do a
vlog camera take over the log camera
take over yeah because I have laundry
yet
cleaning and I published and go to
Target I'm just with some money baby
should take over guys with the storm our
trees fell over well it's not all of
them but see there's like three over
there and there's one over here found
inside
I'll have shoes there's my I was like
I'm not upset what are you doing hey ash
let's let's do this
zip tie yeah I try to earlier in it just
like so wait what are we supplied you
owe the Finn hey crow - girl what is she
doing okay testing testing vlogs camera
takeover with Ashley coming at you from
artis car we are doing a target
excursion actually an RA style here
those are turkey excursions target
excursion - Thursday for target
excursion just sticking out like a sore
thumb over here I'm sorry you can't see
me come on which one's better me don't
you need to pull yourself together and
looking at shoes and I want these ones
what are those we got important stuff
here oh no oh no kidding me Easter no
Easter now we just got through
Valentine's Day look Valentine's on one
side you've drawn the other what the
heck why are we going now Ari guys guys
I really like this thermos telly should
I buy it for me okay look a present
tell her Ari and Taryn have both told me
about the cookie butter bar I've
actually never tried it but if it is
really this apparent chart it says
delicious ari said that she's heard it's
really good so guess what they're going
to taste it ready but that's good oh my
god that's good it's like a cream cheese
on top whoa so good thinking
maybe I'm thinking
what up guys we are now currently on
earth and that may look with you okay
wait there's more conical there's even
one and Arya's here and Austria's hair
and the family is all big surprise I got
my hummus and spoolie felon like you and
a honey vanilla latte and we got a
cheese paint because it's Mia and I
adore your friend anniversary so we're
celebrating with our cheesecake that's
good for anybody so funny we are now
back at memes and we're chillin we were
watching a million YouTube videos I
think we're going to leave soon because
we are a realtor
