hey guys so today's vlog is a special
extra exciting vlog I went to Italy
before I fall premiere last night and it
was amazing it was really good I
recommend it so much it's actually
coming out the day that this is being
uploaded which is March 3rd so if you
have nothing you do this weekend you
should go it buy ticket or even if you
do have something to do we should buy
tickets because it's really gonna be
huge shout out to awesomest films are
actually helping sponsor this video and
they sent me to the premiere which was
such an awesome chat like it was so cool
not only did I get a go with a whole
bunch of friends but I walked the carpet
and the entire cast is there this movie
has total girl power vibes the cats is
mostly female the directors of female
and then the author of the actual novel
as a female so it was this girl power
and it was like yes
the a buy ticket let me know how you
guys like it send me pictures if you go
to the theater and tag me said look see
that it really gives you a different
outlook of life I'm not kidding anyways
as that you guys liked this vlog seeing
the behind the scenes of what it's like
to go to a movie premiere and yes enjoy
I'm about to finish my makeup I took off
my foundation I took off my foundation
so I can redo that and then I think I'm
just going to darken up my eyes to make
them a little more smokey the other day
chart actually sent me a box of a whole
bunch of foundations and stuff and
lately I've been using this I don't even
know how to pronounce it but you add
this oil to your foundation and it just
makes it super nice and then Smashbox
and some primers over and I use this one
today and I really liked it so I think
I'm going to play with these a bit
figure out what we want Amazonian clay
always a good one and then it's not the
shade I'm using them
you're like also remember I told you
guys that I left half of my makeup in
the car well it's still there so I have
to kind of make do with all the makeup
that I have so yeah I don't have half of
my brushes so this is going to be fun
challenge accepted um I don't really
know what I'm doing I'm just kind of
share the darker like yeah we'll put
that here it looks good
okay makeup is pretty much done
I did a dark gold smokey eye and I
really like how it turned out comments
on I'm going to finish it in my lips
later because I figured a mouse will do
that on the way but I still don't really
know what I'm wearing okay so I look
they're everything that I have and I
think I'm going to wear Ashlee's black
jumpsuit so I really wanted to wear this
white dress and I think I want to save
it for something else okay I really I
need to change I'm a lot better okay
guys so we're currently getting ready I
just did my hair well I think I'm gonna
like it's like mostly done almost done
basically yes - I'm facetiming ah hi
Nikki oh yes oh my god I love you okay
well um I'll see you there text me when
you're leaving I'm gonna try to get
there right at 6:30 so bye you dude okay
so we just got here look how hard you
made it to GE I can do it okay
hello roll it from keep TV stars and I
don't know what is the problem
really oh do you have it old you need so
long I like didn't even know how to down
like a like wasn't a video good okay yay
so we're gonna we're gonna make it right
over there
okay so we're about to go on the carpet
you guys Basile behind the scenes I'm
super excited and I was a very log
babies well we're seeing so we have the
black jumpsuit is from Nordstrom a
necklace system a dream and then she's
earned Steve Madden if you can see that
not sure
oh my god applause you know I read it
when I was like 15 amazingly I love the
Sun exciting
right
so we just walk Department and now we're
going to find Nikki and just like find
the girl with blue hair sorry I'm good I
love hearing you look hot Alisha's
Roenick please all about face time and
now I'm in cursive boy
we both got to start so I want to you
guys after
okay my face is entirely red because of
the curtain thing that's like right
there I dare you go delving second jazz
girl yes it's funny I just like is not
even that big of a dare but it's not
terrifying we really liked it oh my god
it was intense it was there's a few
months I was like oh look I know I was
like oh my god or not was good awesome
oh oh really
judge I love it up and I would recommend
so I am back home and I just want to let
you know that I got back home I don't
know maybe it was so good I really liked
it I wanted to end it this vlog here I'm
going to go to bed it makes you just
look at life completely different which
is crazy you think you can it for
inviting me and working with me on this
it was it was it was really good I
really liked it you ever need an extra
well let me know um but not but I am but
I'm not
anyways I love you guys and I'll see you
tomorrow with a new vlog
