good morning guys and you brought us up
to make fun whoo okay so let's start
with simple moisturizer still obsessed
at this blush it's at it's kind of
amazing
it's also super pretty out today so I
literally some my whole makeup and then
realized that half of it wasn't
recording Co is I figure out what to do
with my hair because I forgot to get a
hairbrush from sorry last night it's
kind of a hot mouth and my onion I was
just currently editing her vlog from
yesterday which I still need to do but
mine I have something it's going to be
on the shorter side so I feel like I can
going to do it well you're at sea to do
grocery shopping let's go also if you
saw yesterday's vlog and target then you
would have known that I got these and I
really want to do a taste test because
these are my favorite cookies you
actually have these and I'm so curious
how to do so we should know right now
we'll do it kind of nervous it smells
like chocolate which is weird for them
oh my god are you ready I think it
tastes like caramel and chocolate but I
don't know how I like gum tasting that
way yeah oh yeah I have that's just what
you see I need something else now like
now I know I got is normally a minty or
fruity I've never had a chocolate flavor
come for oh we are currently in the
whole foods getting some
done so many options you after you get
that cilantro you dip that pool of them
throw up a meeting Starbucks run and I
got a pink drink because I thought it
was appropriate for Valentine's Day
basic I don't care well if you need I
really wanna make a style to their box
out here if you're all set got some good
littles do we need I don't know what we
need okay guys so grocery shopping was a
success as you can see we are going to
Urban Outfitters because there's
literally one right across from where we
were forgot there's a car honey about
everything here so discounted it's
intense I got a backpack that was
normally $80 for nine bucks it's so
future they also cheese I don't know to
do with myself
Nikki you would love this I think this
is everything that I'm getting oh my
gosh
I literally have this in white and this
in purple and I love these shirts so I'm
getting two more in different colors and
then three just like plain t-shirts and
then I found these pink Levi's which I
totally want to cut into shorts I think
that'd be so cute for spring and summer
like a DIY or maybe I'll just pay Lauren
to do it because she's bi yka weed and
then I found a hat and then this is the
backpack I was talking about
it was literally $80.00 and it's only
nine dollars right now I thought that'd
be super cute for Coachella too
you got q-bag I didn't get a cute bag
saying so many groceries and prompt you
mini grocery haul fun bag do that okay
what do we got got some sushi salsa
Verdes more sushi
pineapple mushroom can scoop a cucumber
beans avocado for soup hey cayenne
pepper whatever this is great for more
egg egg and some more stuff I'm
overdoing this our time with the celery
and peanut butter is shell look well it
was like twisting and since this is our
house we can totally eat out of the jar
so as an air current lis on our way to
home good so I'll be doing a lot of
shopping lately but for exact reasons
but I mostly wanted to get closet stuff
but sadly we didn't really get much
stuff for my closet and it's why we had
to go grocery shopping and now I'm still
trying to figure out my old costume
situation and the reason why I'm really
brushing it is because I actually have
Holly wire it's coming over to take
pictures and stuff of my closet so if
I'm ever gonna finish it it makes sense
to get it done they're featuring it's
all that you guys know like when that's
out and stuff but yeah I'm like if I'm
going to finish my closet I might as
well do it before that and I really
wanted the bench in a mirror and just
little stuff so we're going to go home
good and if we don't find what we want
there we're going to go to Target
because there's one right across the
street next up I'm Ashley really wants
to get another nightstand from knowing
that she got last time because I stay
happy Valentine's Day happy Valentine's
Day guys just kidding what ended up
coming to t.j.maxx because that's not
what I heard thank you but I found some
storage stuff I really like these I
think I look good in the closet so so
excited to finally found something I
found a plant I like
thank so we can't kill it because you
can tell we're back in target for the
second time in less than 24 hours we're
headed to the home decor section this
one's an eyesore targets a different one
stuff ever coming for this one today so
hopefully we find this is our car I like
I feel like I just did a target vlog I
don't want to vlog too much here but I
know you guys would still ash that is
cute sometimes I wonder if I have a TD
this is pretty like marble obviously not
but it looks like it's really pretty so
many things
someone assign okay so I mentioned
earlier how we're starting to look for
decor for the office and we found this
light which we really really like I feel
like it's going to match the other gold
stuff we got yesterday I really like
that Ashley got this basket she's been
wanting yeah and I think she found I
think she found another nightstand yeah
I have my other name so this is
currently my view like fur as I haven't
hit anyone yet honestly this is like
this is not safe what if I take
something out like after I didn't see
her our cart is too much Rena too much
sorry plural cart so I literally have to
walk to the side like this so I can see
where I'm going with this cart I
actually ran into Ashley earlier it was
really funny yes we did it again why why
do we keep doing this ouch we need to
stop coming here like they need to
waiting like be like on house arrest
from Target like maybe like not even be
able to be in the proximity of it this
is so bad you guys are like ally Schaer
annoying you shop at Target everyone
well it's so depressing being on any
social media right now because
everyone's talking about Valentine's Day
with surveys okay so we are currently in
the office on zoo console the past few
days has gotten a few things and we
talked about just starting to decorate
the office because it really means it
this is the plan that we got and I'm not
sure if it's going to stay here because
we're going to get a couch in this room
but for now I really like the pop of
green I love the new lamp I love this so
much
and then our calendar which I think we
might move over my desk and then here
the little things we got yesterday for
like pens and pencils and scissors and
this is more of another like pen and
pencil type thing
maybe highlighters or something so we
need to move
because that's in the middle but I think
if we put like pens and pencils and all
this stuff in the middle that could be
cute and I'm really loving was it the
desk from Ikea the accidents are from
Target this I got from some random store
couldn't even tell you what it was
called
and then our chairs we got from
overstock it's obviously not where we
want to get but I still like it's
getting in that direction we just want
this like everywhere it starts maybe
even a blanket on the chair could be
cute meanwhile she's being extra snuggly
to the staff okay so we're up in my
closet now and I just got my hangers I
have the clothes from earlier and I want
to put it all up because I feel like I
still have a lot to do with my closet so
let's do it
okay so it's a bit of it and I have been
organizing some stuff as you can tell I
added the bin so like organizer bins to
the top here and it looks so good it
really completes everything I feel like
glad you feel like everything's finally
coming together it makes me so happy
okay and then as you saw earlier I ended
up adding my hats to the top drawer
which I really like because when you can
like see through it through here there's
an update for you guys it's coming
together quo as you can tell I look kind
of like Smurfs actually reach out for a
little bit that's exciting and then I
got all this energy and I started
organizing and decorating the office and
you're going to have to see it I think
it looks so good it's finally looking
like an office - all these boxes on the
other half of the room but half of the
room looks good the other half doesn't
but it will essentially flow initially
oh my god it looks so good it looks so
good I love I'm really loving how this
came together it's funny how much
computers add to it so there's a tree
from earlier the lamp from Target today
this little thing used to be in my
bedroom but I just put it there for now
and I thought it kind of kinda looks
good and the pencil cups from yesterday
I ended up putting the local love
magazine edge because I felt like it was
like offices you know it probably looks
so conceited to have my own like
magazine like right there but it's cool
and then my macbook which I'm actually
going to start editing on I really been
only using my laptop I've really only
been using my laptop recently I think
I'm going to start editing all my vlogs
on my desktop because I think that would
be I think that would be nice so I'm
going to I'm going to edit this one on
my mudda stuff Ashley and I did a lot of
cleaning and organizing my closet looks
so freaking good you guys I'm sure I'll
show you tomorrow or the next day all
see we're all so obsessed with the
office we're sitting here right now
you're loving it loving good I feel like
I can be productive now like sitting
here anyways I'm going to edit this vlog
in the morning but I just want to end it
right now I love you guys so much thank
you for watching and I will see you
tomorrow with the new blogs by much
