good morning guys
oh my god I'm so excited I'm like
getting so excited right now that's it
well Frank the title says it all today
Ashley nice hi
we're doing a VIP tour I'm so excited
it is amazing I can't talk again so you
know we are like there's Disney lovers
and then there's Disney lovers and we
are the second option we used to go
multiple times a week here then along
times as we've been here a long time
with someone like myself you shout out
to maker
they are hooking us up we have a tour
guide it's gonna be amazing I'm so
excited we're here we're so excited
super I need to get some here we're
getting here the problem is I want two
different kinds oh my god these are so
pretty
I love how to beauty in the bees oh it
looks just like Emma apparently they
just came out with the Beauty and the
Beast one and you know because I really
want my I'm like I'm getting me those
look perfect with your outfit oh I love
we like yeah absolutely
there's so many options only circu I
like these cute Oh
low-key think I'm getting both don't
judge me we got ears
right now we're wearing the purple ones
we may switch the other ones later on
we're here we're at Disney I'm so
excited
here oh my god I'm dead what what is
what exactly doing what are you
you guys we are about to go what Indiana
Jones
and if you go me I think no surprise
about really no peeking cool going to
the back oh it's so bright so great
we're at the castle we're gonna take
some pictures
oh my god
my god thousands it device okay no they
came to announce a hyperspace town and
apparently apparently accrued I so they
added sand to make it della heroes ten
times faster and the country so to go so
much Michael
oh my god I look like I'm balls
my favorite thing has been going on
Indiana Jones
two times in a row we literally stayin
in the deep and then just like two
guards Eagles like put it right back in
and then went on again so we've been
walking on all the rides from the exits
what is life it's been great we were on
a haunted mansion by ourselves and that
was pretty cool
now we're getting on a mountain that was
intense guys it is Maddy
my favorite day and to include you night
now yeah oh my god I took on right now
Tina IRA is our amazing super guys today
and she's been saying so many Disney
facts that have been blowing our minds I
mean so many Hidden Mickeys I didn't
even know existed
so I'm soaring over the world the one
just worn over the world we're crazy and
then we saw the one on Peter Pan so
we're literally just skipping the whole
line for cars it's a hundred and eighty
minutes and we're so guilty we're just
difficulty I mean I don't what I use oh
my god it's going to be so hard to come
back to Disneyland after day I love this
room
it's like
Oh in that come on ask it you're just
like a - what car do you think we're
going to get like what color maybe a
hotrod red we got
I don't know
so apparently these rocks are the back
of Cadillac car I didn't know that 15s
you never knew we're we going to next I
think we're going to I'm so strong voice
right Oh apparently there's like a
there's like a saying of how you can
actually get real wait what am i found
lost secret level very secret level
we're going to unlock them you're going
to show us how to like be legit get on
the scoreboard oh yeah every time I
press you guys I learned secret I got
the highest score I've ever gone not
even kidding now we're going on the road
leaving us you were the best friend I've
ever had the only one but like I know
I'll ever have fun I'm always going to
request you good whatever amazing I feel
at the time it's a little bit later now
went to the base place we got some
coffee
so that I put on my sweatshirt Christina
left us but she was amazing she made it
so magical learn so many secrets and
seeing is that up custard it was intense
it was awesome we're going to go eat
dinner in a bit and then watch the
fireworks you have like the reserve
receiving for safari items I've never so
exact this is so awesome thousand of the
day years
Ephram Dylan I got this today shirt that
I'm wearing today was from brandy
melville follows her manometers the
performance way all suburban house that
our campus um have fun and I'm wearing
my way to be no that's all that's what's
going on we talked up going on monster
that's a good one
do I have to do this I love you just put
my log public so you guys should go with
it
yes youtuber life so
yes that's it so Oh is so wonderful
wonderful wonderful and so we are
currently sitting in the business so
watch the fireworks I'm gonna cry I'm
sorry
no beautiful
