good morning Nikki you haven't moved
from the last time we saw these are
watches in here like you and I call
please because like you know it's all
thank you
Oh such a way that cool Mike no hi
connect hi babe
okay so we're about to go put on some
makeup we have ten minutes until we're
uploading so time to get time to get
ready
hello guys and welcome to a Sunday wha
we just uploaded yeah I'm totally baking
right now my makeup so cute we just
uploaded our swine collab there it is
there it is oh my gosh I actually really
love how to some nail turned out testing
slime you guys I've never done a slime
video and I've never like I don't know I
feel like it was such a unique video
chat like a good collab it was like such
a different cloud awesome
sometimes I wonder if you guys ever
wondered what we look like when we're
uploading you know like yeah like I
don't know I feel like you see our
profile picture and you're like oh she's
probably like I live in reality like
this is what this is us right now
makeup is baking so now when you watch
this vlog if you saw one the video like
just went up you're going to know
exactly what we were doing apparently
1209 p.m. video is up I'm so excited I
can't wait to read all your comments so
like look at all this this is the
hashtag because we said to use hashtag
slime collab day also my battery
splashing oh I need a sergeant anyways
ask your video went up we all uploaded
just now just have fun everything is
that everything is that I always feel so
good when my vlog is up a my main
channel video gets up because then I'm
like I can take on the world's then
accent I really want to get our nails
done and then we were talking about
going shopping I think that's going on
so now I'm going to finish doing my
makeup I don't think I could leave I
mean I could leave my makeup like this
all day balancing something that cute I
am a ready make this on hair is done can
we just take a moment to appreciate the
fact that I actually did my hair today
actually did my hair today kind of a big
deal especially if you watch my vlogs
you know this and then I was ranging
about this person pictures and I was
like you know what I'm schooling them on
I know some of you guys aren't fans but
it's cool it's cool so here's my outfit
a very summer vibe very summer vibe
mister wearing a white t-shirt from
urban a lilac like bralette from urban
and then these shorts are from Nasty Gal
but they're Levi's and they fit me
really well so I really like them and
then of course my wife do it you can't
do it why did he does all right I'm like
everyday okay now it's just a lock up
oh it's tours are everywhere if I made
will see you well soon we're going to go
get our nails done oh my god I need a
manicure so bad really bad case ok guys
so like I said Ashley are going to get
our nails done it's been a few weeks
over two weeks and it's really needed
trying out a new nail salon also is it
kind of weird seeing the vlog in public
because I feel like my last three weeks
of logs have been just me in the house I
can't I don't know anyone else get that
vibe because I totally get it yes I want
to get
why I miss my wife I kind of want like
for example I go I'm going to go dark
because I haven't been dark and a long
time I've been doing like pale pink and
then now I'm like oh maybe I want to do
like a new Zilla good that pinky nude
you know
oh we know we know also I am getting
complete summer vibe weather so nice
does it not feel like summer
oh look color should we get a show
option show option or like this and
since I have last time I let me like
grow out did I stop more like a new
these are literally like the only two
colors I get I definitely want my eye
caught on acrylics again hopefully I
literally found like metallic these are
so pretty
and holographic in so many options here
I look at the holographic one and then
look at the metallic one oh I wish there
was like a silver though every time we
are back it's been two hours literally
took two hours ago nails I don't know
why it took that long they were kind of
understaffed so it I don't like I don't
blame them but like it just took a long
time this is what I got I got white and
then I got an accent like chrome looking
thanks not really filling it but that's
okay so yeah that's what it looks like I
don't know like it's cute and all but it
kinda looks pink in this lighting yeah I
think I just miss my acrylics honestly I
literally think that so I'm like not
into anyway what our plans now ash we're
going to get Niki and go shopping and
get food yeah I'm great how to change
we're going shopping
back
so we are currently at Katsuya we are
getting some closer I got to meet the
soup I got it salmon oh and I got a
yellowtail roll and this few guys
literally don't know all day where this
goes it's just like it needs to fix
itself yo mark I got a salmon roll and
then I got a type of control walk away
and quartered a buncha sushi and Mewtwo
suits please just as you saw we went to
Topshop and I got this really cute like
pink dusty pink dress I love oh yeah
we're going to eat if you guys event
what up guys
we're back at the house and we figured
we did a little bit of shopping so we
should be as a hall walk hall yeah
this piece of stuff bugging me so we
went to you at Free People Topshop and
Urban Outfitters let's do it okay guys
so first thing that I got are these so
wet pants they're the most comfortable
sweat pants I've had normally I wouldn't
get sweat pants from there because it's
kind of expensive but these were so soft
basically yelled in the store I need
these in my life not getting the worker
like totally looking at me nah she was
like but no I'm not even kidding they're
so comfortable they're kind of like
jogger style so they're like baggy up
here and your size but then they get
tight or under ankle I love them so much
- right so three more things in there
very me very comb I got some socks they
stay in bed and they're super cute
little like ankle socks the hardwood
floor I'm wearing socks 24/7 just
because it's a lot colder
so socks pyramus and then I got this
really cute pink belt I thought these
would look really cute with the shorts
that I was wearing earlier today so
that's Coachella summer vibes I was like
really excited so I got that - got this
sweater the quality of the sweater is
amazing yeah it's like meant to be off
your shoulder - so man can have it kind
of like off the shoulder it's super cute
I think I'm going to wear this tomorrow
they don't we went to Urban Outfitters
and I only got one thing from their star
as my husband Copley this adidas t-shirt
I was really wanting some more t-shirts
about that and then the last thing is
from Topshop and we got one thing from
here and I kind of showed you guys
earlier like purple dress and I really
really like this I kind of pictured it
she was like a little bomber jacket and
someone
cashews yes hey guys series once you end
this vlog I was going to edit it and I
figured I should end it I love you guys
mouth you tomorrow is new vlog and you
