good morning it's kind of embarrassing
how many coffee cups we have we really
need to go through it and get rid of
some we're going to go see good morning
sunshine one and the donut shop anyway
now I'm going to watch the yesterday's
vlog I usually do this every morning
before I upload it I always read watches
to make sure everything's good you never
know
this is also kind of a long-term vlog
it's nine minutes and 47 seconds I want
to make my coffee first so I can sit and
enjoy it while I watch it and it's good
that we thought would I do it
you know much but I'm glad I got on the
side
you
hey guys update so hair makeup clothes
everything is done we're ready for our
day they were filming Jesus filming day
so you're going to see kind of behind
the scenes ish so that's what we're
going to be doing most of the day Ashley
is actually going back to Orange County
tonight so I'm probably just going to
edit I still need to figure out
uploading my vlogs if you guys saw my
tweet I tweeted out that I have no Wi-Fi
still I'm so frustrating so if you saw
yesterday's vlog which is a vlog I'm
trying to currently upload I show how it
would to a coffee shop to upload it on
my phone I tried uploading on my phone
again and after an hour it still said 1%
my guess is later I'm going to have to
go back to the coffee shop and upload it
that way it's not that big of a deal but
it still is very inconvenient so but
anyway we're going to film for now I'm
trying to find my shoes but I don't
really see them when I wear some thought
they were down here but they might be
upstairs no no also casually have like a
pull new promise it'll make sense for
the video I'm going through the bedroom
videos an interesting video so I'm
excited for it hope you guys like it
grab it it's currently 1:35 I'm starving
Ashley has to leave in like 20 minutes
so so I'm going to grab a quick snack
I'm serious John okay guys so it's
currently now at 2:40 and we got so much
done today video isn't completely done
but we seriously got so much done I
think I'm going to film a few more
things by myself and then I'm going to
hopefully go over to find a cafe upload
my vlog oh no I might keep talking about
a guy sorry
clearly I'm still better yes okay boo
looks kind of a mess I need to clean up
too so good you back guess you've got a
package excellent singer looks good oh
the Sun just went away
I got a package and I opened it and then
you got there are 24 new lipstick do you
see this this is so pretty I love the
package oh my gosh don't like my nail I
literally broke it like in five ways
that's horrible this packaging is so
cute it's like blue marble oh my gosh I
can't wait to see all the colors should
I do it should I open every single one
I'm gonna do it oh my god I did it there
you go
I unbox every single lips unbox took off
the cap whatever you don't I mean
they're all so freakin pretty except
there was only one that I actually
screamed when I opened it
this one this one looks so pretty
this one's called salt life so I think
I'm going to swatch it because this one
looks so pretty
you guys know I love Bobby nude pink
colors so this is literally my ideal
lipstick shade and ellipsis use it with
vlogs I can easily cut from when I'm
about to do something to and after it's
done but you never really see the
in-between it looks like I so quickly
just opened all those no in reality I
sat here for a good four minutes I think
that's why everyone says my life looks
so cool when you cut out those moments
that are boring all the sudden my life
looks perfect don't be fooled there is
still awkward boring in-between parts of
all of our lives that were just like yes
I want to swatch you know now you come
back outside now you come back out and
now you're going these clouds and make
up your mind son mmm
you guys I really like the consistency
of these so it was a really big one whoo
I love that love that one it's so creamy
okay there you go there's a few of you
very messy swatches that I did for you
guys I really like the tomorrow when I
do my makeup I'm going to try out a lot
of these on my actual lips because it's
a lot different on your arm where is
your lip but yes thank you tart I'm very
excited to try these okay so I'm
currently waiting for all the footage
that we filmed today to import my
computer hurry up please please hurry up
you're taking forever
90% anyways and then I'm going to go
over to a cafe or coffee shop or
somewhere to upload my vlog so
explaining to that also aways my phone
to charges a little bitch I'm really
hoping they can come fix our Wi-Fi
tomorrow they said they would maybe call
today but obviously that wasn't going to
happen today
God 98 even to this 99 it's done yay oh
my god my screen so dirty don't look
okay it is done and now we can go my
clothes I'll be back I'll be back we're
real soon 30 minutes time you guys
literally as I'm walking out the
walking out the door 80 and he come so
I'm so excited that they came to fix it
I'm not sure they called Ashley or not I
didn't know they were coming that means
we have Wi-Fi would seems like an upload
I don't know how long it's going to take
even ask and he was like oh I have no
idea so know what I'm going to get my
vlog up from yesterday that's what I'm
really sad about but what I'm hoping is
that he doesn't take long and our Wi-Fi
gets up ASA like no she's not happy when
other people come over you guys finally
got my vlog up forget the last thing
that I've logged the internet guy came
which is so exciting however I was
apparently only the first part of it now
someone else has to come hopefully they
can come tomorrow basically all I heard
was I can't upload right now so okay so
I literally drove next to a coffee shop
because I didn't want to get out of my
car and use their Wi-Fi drinking that
Wow anyways the vlog is up I'm so
excited but hopefully it's fixed
tomorrow so now I think I should
probably this vlog I also come want to
work out for a little bit so yes let's
be productive hey guys so it is the next
day I just wanted to quickly end this
vlog thank you so much for watching and
that's what you guys will see tomorrow
