good morning guys
happy Friday I'm very excited that it's
Friday I don't know why I like I feel
like I'm just really excited for this
weekend it's going to be Chelsea super
fun um tonight is Remy's birthday party
actually sucks when we super fun believe
it or not this weekend is the first
weekend where Ashley's actually going to
be home every single day like normally
she's been driving back to Orange County
for different reasons cool I trust you
pasinetta Brewer excited just to have
like a home weekend we're thinking about
going hiking and just unpacking and
cleaning and maybe some shopping I know
so much it's going to be super fun so
I'm like really pumped and excited I do
have a shoot today and that is at
actually need to leave pretty soon
summer so that's that's well I'm doing a
Facebook Eliza thing where I'm doing
different like lip tutorials and stuff
for Valentine's Day I feel like I
usually forget to vlog when it comes to
shoot because I'm so focused on what I'm
doing for the shoe I'm going to try to
remember show you guys a little having
seams but yes right now I'm just going
to get ready I have to go over there but
I want to stay here I feel like I always
looked so bad in the morning and then I
see pictures of like other people in the
morning thinking they look freaking
gorgeous and I look like this it's cool
you know some of us art what to wake up
like flawless
on another note no I think it's just
because it's winter but my skin has not
been happy lately also so like it's
super dull so if you guys have any
product recommendations or like maps or
anything that you're loving let me know
in the comments I know I have a lot of
math I just have to do that I'm rambling
anyway also yesterday I got a package
from Tarte and they sent so much stuff I
really wanted to try some out today
there was it isn't it's a highlighting
moisturizer so I thought that might kind
of give my skin a little glow
highlighters concealer blotting powder
I'm like really excited to use this
which is good that is so pretty yes that
is gorgeous
it's like a highlighter palette also I
have been using this blush every single
day this is the Papa don't peach as you
can tell I use it quite a bit and also
didn't super pretty so I've been loving
that my foundation is like halfway gone
I can't remember the last time I
actually use the foundation this much
because normally I get over it and like
switch it around yeah those are things
I've been loving let me go clean my
Glendening so let's watch some YouTube
videos and put on Tamika Oh make this
done I don't know if you can even see it
looks kind of like that guy so make it
done in here and then I just put it up I
look like a freakin ballerina right now
some tax I always wanted to do like
ballet but it's never done yeah I'm also
really liking how my makeup turned out I
think that moisturizer thing just like
wonders like my skin actually looks like
glowy and dewy when like this whole week
it looks so dole like I'm not even
kidding I got to go to my shoes yeah
we're good I have a few more minutes I'm
going to grab some shoes and then
obviously because I'm doing a different
flips like looks like different lip
colors and stuff I had to bring some
makeup men the more I kept thinking I
was like well what if I need like powder
and I need make a point to like take off
the old one genuine so that means I need
concealer and powder connecting I know I
have this huge makeup bag full of stuff
just to do a couple lip looks and it
gets kind of funny who also bath and
Bodyworks sent some goodies to me and
Ashley it was so ciose like Valentine's
Day themed so there's body cream of the
body wash and moschella
just are like creamy body wash I use
that when I really liked it and then
there's this one the golden honey
praline shower gel I haven't used this
one yet but I'm really excited like I'm
traveling in my shower right now I'm
just gonna grab this don't you love how
I'm using a Christmas like snowman mug
say it put on a jacket because it's a
little chilly outside I think it's also
sister rain for the majority of today so
I kind of stock update still loving the
closet I still have to put on like a
knobs that go here setting during the
car I'm not sure Dan I got the wrong
socks I thought these were lower mm-hmm
well I'm too lazy to change my ass see
you later
hi hey guys update time so we've got to
do a Facebook slide Valentine's Day lip
tutorials I'm really excited for because
as you guys know I've been a trillion to
different look always lately more than
usual 71 common so this is set up you
just went on we have some makeup laid
out it's got a mirror got some makeup
wipe and we are going to be doing a
three Valentine's Day at lips want as
too much lace too over the top with it
just like you're some holy kind of
painting nude color you guys look at
this I want to do this in my office I
think look at you can oh that's so fine
and you can draw whatever you want DIY
this is amazing I literally might do a
DIY of this so you can just buy the
fabric and put it like it's so easy
ELISA oh my god I love this so much
literally cutest thing ever I've seen
the pillows on Facebook and I don't know
they were like viral for a bit and
that's what I like to color yeah wow I'm
literally going to make one of these I'm
so excited
hey guys every time I'm back at the
house I still almost say apartment and
I'm sitting on the hanging this is our
favorite thing of life right now oh my
god and we're so like we're so
ridiculous I even I have to put it up
but I made a little sign for the chair
to have it give it a hashtag anytime
anyone post an Instagram on it they can
include the hashtag is that kind of
funny my info is the pink door in Palm
Springs that I love I wanted to go up
Sunday and I would love to not be
editing all day tomorrow I know I'm
going to be editing a lot the shoot went
really well as you see this is the
current situation right now
so yeah sit your little bit and edit
actually is going to be filming
something over there so she's my help
I'm right here kind of chill kinda chill
okay are you ready are you ready so I
have a really fun hall for you I
actually got a huge care package from
Hollister and there is so much stuff I
don't even know I'm going to go through
every single thing but there's so much
stuff I guess I guess I can tell you
because it's like oh I just haven't
thought like say anything and you
remember in vlogs months ago when I told
you that I got really really really
exciting news what way boy what least
you're going to white what um yeah and I
wasn't allowed to share anything yet
today we are packing for Hawaii this is
a very last-minute trip second that I
can tell you I'm going to tell you
what's going on so Pervin yeah and I
even posted some snapchat I got coffee
and I'm really happy it's so please guys
everyone was so curious where it was
going to be and I felt bad because I
knew I want to be able to share it for a
long time well some of you knows if you
follow me on snapchat I was actually
part of a huge campaign with hollister
went to Hawaii and I'm literally on
their website like I was a model for two
days for them and it was such a crazy
experience like it was such an awesome
experience is so much fun what I love
about Hollister I am like the first
person Sam I don't look like they're
normal models I'm definitely a little
curvier but they didn't care whatsoever
they're really embracing every different
body type every different girls you know
need me to go to Hollis news website and
you can see some pictures that is crazy
I remember stopping there as a kid and I
had like no money I could barely afford
a shirt in the clearance all the cool
kids were Hollister and I just felt so
like oh I could never be shop here
regularly or anything like that and
freaking in their store I'm on their
website like they chose me and they
wanted me to be a part of this and it
was such a weird experience that way for
me I don't know and I think that's just
such a huge be like go for your dreams
and don't let anyone stop you and like
you never know what can happen there
models are so beautiful and I just
always remember feeling like I could
never be one of them she was right after
tour and I literally gained ten pounds
on to her so I just felt even more
self-conscious but everyone was so nice
and sweet so anyway I'm going to go
through this pretty quick there are so
many bathing suits I'm set for the next
three years my favorite one is this
white one it's like off the shoulder and
ruffles oh my gosh I am so excited for
this overall dress that I love up in
cute little short t-shirt some more
short marketing scoop pink top more ting
top some workout pants more short this
baller jacket this is amazing it's like
such good quality - hi excited cute off
and put up guys and welcome back to my
closet as a missus earlier tonight is
Rama's birthday party is her birthday
the other day and she is having a huge
party she rented out like a yacht and
stuff and loved her she's like one of my
favorite people ever so I'm actually
going to go over to and Mickey and
Gabi's to like fully get ready there
figure out what I want to wear tonight
because I don't have those knobs on my
door yeah every time I have to come down
here and open it that way I have this
romper it's kind of blocks feels repost
cold
I'm freezing that's all of a dress right
now makes me like shiver what if I wear
this dress with my thigh high boots Oh
that'll help me be warm and then I'll
Sneed a jacket with maybe maybe
