Warren here we go
good morning guy oh my god so except
we're at the airport we're going to a
very exciting destination what should I
tell you that is boasting okay I need a
parent where to go I'm so excited here
we go we're about to take off I'm really
excited I think if you guys follow me on
snapchat Instagram you're already gonna
know but like that's cool
about the humanities fogging up my lens
I am in Mexico in Tulum I've never been
here I've never been to Mexico and I'm
so so we can excited here with Hollister
and we're shooting you guys have to see
this place is beautiful like look how
cute this hotel is ah the oceans
literally right there but I'll show you
that later we're currently headed to
hair and makeup oh my god this is so
cute we're gonna get all beautified it's
windy I don't even know if you can hear
me okay I'm like let me get some good
lighting I can't show you guys the
swimsuit but it's I can only vlog when
I'm wearing my robe but that's okay so
it's a little windy but it is beautiful
this whole resort is so freakin pretty
look at this it is so nice and it's
white hashtag aesthetic trying to stay
here another day
so update time um let me catch you guys
up like we're shooting and it's good and
then we like all align up I'm like
crying this is so stupid
because I literally almost died if not I
would be unconscious right now on the
floor like I'm not kidding oh my god
so you're standing and all of a sudden I
hear the loudest noise ever and I was
floating floating it's gone and then I
looked to my right and I see my floaty
on the ground and there was not kidding
like a 20-foot palm branch fell from the
palm tree right above us and was
literally like two feet away from me
first I looked at it it was like oh and
then it hit me I was like oh my god I
almost died like if that hit me that was
so heavy oh and then I feel stupid cuz
then I started crying because I've
always asked me if I'm okay don't click
me why am i crying I'm good I'm good
doesn't need a moment but this is my
view so I can't complain too much it's
freaking beautiful oh my god my arse
crazy huh and like I'm alive you know
could've been worse thank you lord good
morning guys what is up and welcome to
as if log I feel like I've barely
evolved but I've been here but that
stops today because why well you guys
don't know this but actually flying out
and I extended our stay here in Tulum
though we fly back actually tomorrow
night so today is our only full read day
here the Hollister shoot went really
really really smooth except for the part
where like a branch I was at me and I
almost died and I like cried can we
flash back to that I'm good I'm good I
felt so stupid afterward low-key not
even sure if I'm gonna include that but
we'll see Ashley hey guys so glad it was
so spontaneous it was like Ashley you
need to come here even if it's for a day
he's so pretty like when are we gonna be
back here she did one of those 1000%
series because I couldn't tell long
story short Ashley's here watch her vlog
but I'm really excited cuz we're just
gonna enjoy a day here right now we're
gonna go get some breakfast that work on
the swim gonna take some photos we're
gonna relax and she's gonna be like the
best day ever
our room is so cool there's this little
hammock do to do ah I love it here like
how cute are these rooms it's a super
like boutique e hotel throughout this
really cute little restaurant it's
adorable trying to decide what we want
definitely want a fruit bowl that's like
a given I'm trying to decide on the
overnight oats or the avocado toast and
I don't know it's fun oh mama - oh but I
did get a lot a priorities we got a lot
a pretty good it's not like amazing
that's pretty good yeah all over food
just came out and it looks so good we
got a bowl that came in this really cute
jar and then the overnight oh it's
giving a really cute jar - and they gave
us these little chocolate things this
looks so good this is a really really
cute area which do we like better the
clear or the color I like the clear
because you can see more of a thing but
I really like the color - we're leaning
towards this look at me not doing a
boomerang just took the cutest I love it
thanks ash also it was rocks hurt so
freakin bad we got the pig we're good
but like my butt still hurts so ash and
I made it to our next hotel look at this
view you guys this is so beautiful
making the perfect size we're just
waiting for our room to be ready you
guys we just got into the new room and
it is like gold oh my freaking gosh this
is amazing never can tell beginning the
day I felt a little stressed not stress
overwhelmed just because I really wanted
to enjoy it so much here but we
literally leave tomorrow
but now honestly I'm just like we got a
whole bunch time it's gonna be so fun
and relaxing you practice so first off
this is the porch there's a hammock we
got some chairs but can we also talk
about this view oh my gosh you guys
we're literally like the first cabana on
the freakin beach keeping that in mind
that the water is literally right there
this is what the room looks like so you
come in is this not so cute there's a
bed it is so freakin cute in here yeah
if we got our luggage Ashlee our
twinning with the pink suitcases I
didn't realize that I was gonna be
extending my stay so that's why I have a
carry-on case in the night so - it was
like bring a whole bunch of stuff oh my
god I hope you guys can see just how
beautiful this is
we're in Mexico I've never been in
Mexico
first time except my god snaps Perlita
deal I can be like really Peretti Hey
and I are going to go sit by the water
it's a little windy so it's a little
chilly but it's not too bad look how
pretty it is
oh my god hello darling I see we're
getting a time-lapse yeah it's not that
cold but the wind just gives like a nice
little brisk chill so using my tablet
can we just look at this view
oh my gosh so we're just like chilling
here on these chairs there's some
hammocks back there our room is
literally right there and honestly
there's really not that many people
around so it's so nice I feel like we're
gonna chill here for a little bit chill
get it cuz it's chilly huh just gonna
probably get some dinner and then I
don't know maybe a night swim not
something we could do yeah good morning
guy Ashlee and I got a kind of early ish
it was so nice waking up to this
beautiful ocean literally feet away from
eyes the lighting like doesn't do
justice but if we leave today so we
really wanted to make the most of it so
we got kind of early I think we're gonna
take some pics get some breakfast swim
all day relax we've been sitting here
for like a hot minute we just been
watching the Sun Rise and it's so pretty
good morning
oh my gosh we do more pictures and
breakfast damn I love to loom we've been
loving it here there's a lot of people
walking past me right now and I
guarantee they're staring oh you're not
I'm a tourist you guys have to see part
of our hotel is a literally the cutest
thing ever it's known for having these
swings we're about to get something guys
look how cute this is little swings you
guys look at the line I can't it's so
cute
here let me take a pic of you beautiful
darling oh my god this is actually so
pretty
work work work yes work those are good I
think you'll like them
what about gentlemen bring got you could
you take a boomerang of man food let's
get some food okay what do we want to
eat a mango pico a mega boost the bull
look I'm not sure what I'm gonna get yet
lately we've just been kind of sharing
everything I think we can just find a
group like some stuff so making sure
already ordered a latte this lighting is
good though we got the goods it looks so
good so low-key I got huevos rancheros
without the huevos
it looks so freakin good this is our
avocado toast ash got this mango thing
so we're gonna share and then we got the
latte which is the most important of the
goods and it has a quote from Stephen
Hawking just so cute intelligence is the
ability to adapt to change and I like
anyways we're gonna eat we're so excited
and then we're thinking of riding bikes
later our hotel has like really cute
bike that you can rent for super cheese
even though we're literally on the beach
we're gonna go lay down at some beach
chairs and just chill and go swimmin I'm
wearing my Hollister swimsuit that I
wear all the freakin time
this is so nice I can't the water is so
blue is it cold is it cold I said to bed
Tulum you are beautiful it's
laughs where'd you go he asked where'd
you go why do I always do this I have my
hair always in the buttons where you
can't see it and then I hate it
Murr we are packing up our room it's
almost checkout time and I don't want to
go
goodbye paradise I'm so sad I don't want
to go so we're getting lunch before we
head out to the airport and this sucks
is so good we found this place called a
real coconut they have so many options
there's a lot of like vegetarian vegan
they have these options which is good I
got the nachos ash got a salad we're
gonna share we have to go these nachos
though looks so good and then I've got a
salad with some shrimp yo this place is
so cute and look at the it's like of you
with some food I'm gonna take a pic of
ass real quick then we're gonna eat yes
hey guys what is that so I realized I
didn't end this vlog I'm editing it
right now also I'm so sorry that all of
these are late when I was on my trip I'd
not upload or send anything like the
wife I was so bad a little behind but
blogs are coming I promise
anyways I'll see you guys
