good morning guys
how are you hey it's Tuesday my mother
could look a little cuter happy Tuesday
what am i doing today I have yesterday's
vlog and and I put up yesterday's vlog I
feel like this vlog was kind of all over
the place I have a computer screen so
dirty
okay now thinks everybody's asking for
ok though I mean obviously it was like a
very minor accident like I'm not trying
to make it seem like it was like some
huge crazy accident cause it definitely
wasn't but the good news is this morning
we got most of the insurance stuff I'll
figure it out that's good we just got a
fixed Henry I'm gonna have the hottest
loose belt currently 11:00 a.m. it's a
little later that sounds like 8:30
though I'm Justin chillin so today is
exciting I've been waiting for a loss
it's getting insulted a TV is getting
mounted today it's gonna be a good day
I'm very excited also let me know if you
guys want me to do a actual like house
tour like on my main channel like an
actual video I've been thinking about
that a lot lately and I feel like that'd
be actually really fun I kind of want to
do more like moving and house home
related videos on my main channel but I
know you guys are loving these vlogs so
I was like I might as well bring them
like to my main channel like start doing
more videos like that so Julia asked was
also filming today she's about to film a
video which I'm very so see this because
it really keeps like so cute anyways
it's time I go put some makeup on
oh yeah I feel like we haven't seen in
forever you've been gone you've been
leaving me here
they missed you I told them you uploaded
also everyone's been asking me to show
Ashley's room then I realized I've never
really showed your room after you like
moved in and stuff moved in what am I
saying well after you unpacked
but like Ashley has a vlog channel - so
you thought I mean I feel like I feel
like I just assumed like they've seen it
because they watch your videos so I was
like but you're thinking about moving
rooms right
so basically when we first came here it
was another room that I wanted and I
only wanted it because of the closet
like the closet is huge the walk-in
closet and that's justifiable in my
opinion to like to that room but then I
came into this room and this wall appear
and it's beautiful and it has like these
piano rules white and it's hard to tell
because it's so white but like the walls
are gray so the other room is all grey
also because of the closet like there's
just a lot of white in here but this has
like a smaller calm small closet which
is still big or you know it's still it's
still a big closet
especially compared to my last one if
you guys remember that one then come
here here and these are so light cuz
it's so big but like look at look at all
this room and it's like it's you know
not how you welcome closet - having the
ability to have a lot in common so makes
me want to come in here now the only
thing is it doesn't have a pretty wall
excuse all the junk in here we are good
because I haven't decided we haven't
like set up anything in here ah blue did
I ever bought this room I don't think so
there's more than the dressing in it so
there's an extra room I wanted to make a
studio and like have room to like film
and stuff now just like backdrop I can
there's up right well actually like that
can be whichever room she doesn't want
to get why you like the other one -
that's very view this one's bigger - I
feel like I think maybe this weekers
weekend this weekend can move
bettan and do it like a test-drive
for the weekend and see how it's you and
this one have more lights in signal
you're home early
we're room could I get a so what can
stop it or be the white wall my hair is
crazy
I feel like Princess Anna and frozen
when she wakes up that's so much better
yeah I've been rocking braids lately
honestly are you so simple and like easy
to do I've been liking them also my
contour is a little too contouring so I
feel like look we should one that out of
it because won't n-now irreverently I'm
making some lunch you guys know how much
I love my hummus and tabbouleh salad
from Earth I'm going to make it myself
I've done this a few times and it's so
good so you need some baby spinach some
mixed greens some hummus and tabbouleh
and for your hummus and tabbouleh salad
and then I have some tomatoes and some
cilantro because I love cilantro a
little bit of balsamic and then some
grilled chicken I'm going to use one of
my new super cute bowls from Target and
we're done I'm so good Jesus hey guys oh
hey guys update time so it is currently
a bit later they're still working on oh
I told you currently installing my
closet I'm so excited I'm really hoping
it goes smooth because smell Oh
stressful because they came to mount the
TV today or different people came to
Mel's TV today I wasn't able to get
mounted so they shoot tomorrow
so like part of me is thinking in the
back of my head I feel like something's
going to go wrong with my closet
hopefully it doesn't so I decide to make
a Starbucks chip for astronauts let's
just going on
so excited I have enough service in the
longest time ever got the good ready we
got to do it
oh oh I doesn't understand her too
awkward I haven't at Starbucks in so
long huh so they pull you back home oh
boy you got the coffee she's been so sad
because there's been so many strange
guys in our house today
good you guys the closet is delivered
and it's up and I saw it but ashley
hasn't yet so we're going to go see her
reaction I'm so excited right now
hello Oh what if I saw the blog right
here you guys it fits perfect like it
fit even the twenty-ninth look over here
in the corner it fit my new cover it
looks so good you guys oh my god okay so
you can finally see like a white wall
with the 100 how excited you okay so the
only thing is apparently these drawers
eclipse and match these but they didn't
they weren't in the order so if that is
a girl like forgot them or they just
forgot to add them so he said it's like
it's a little work to put in but it's
not that hard he to have to take out
this drawer and do that so but out of
everything because there's so much look
at the glass show but it took us like 30
minutes to get one of those Alex Dorsett
imagine building this our own oh my god
you guys closet you were is coming oh my
god okay Oh basically all tonight you're
going to be putting stuff in your conten
oh so there's like shelving here and
then there's close-up hanged here here
down there and then up here nestled
hanging clothes and there's drawers or
whatever
and then I was planning on that
bookshelf right here to be shoes so that
way I can like close it and it also look
really clean you know name and then this
was I'm excited oh my god I can't it is
not my closet this is not I love it
great oh my god I'm so happy it's it I'm
Evan in Braille probably no joke 20
times so so scared at not fitting Oh
oh my god this is perfect
my picture host with your I am here and
I think you're on the back your door
then person Oh freaking of cheering good
taste
breaking up making oh my oh
I'm thinking
okay guys update time it's been a bit
and the closet has come together quite
well I'm definitely nowhere near being
done if I'm getting really tired so I
think I'm going to start getting ready
for bed and in this vlog thank you so
much for watching I hope that you liked
it I am like so setup merps yeah anyways
thank you so much for watching and I'll
see tomorrow's new look
