good morning guys and welcome to you at
today's vlog it is Friday and it's
raining today so it's kind of gloomy
looking in the lighting and that is why
today's a filming day we are filming at
my video that's going up on Sunday I
wish I have Samba little more earlier
this week but that's okay I'm actually
really excited for this video I think
it's gonna I think you guys are really
going to like it because I haven't done
a video like this in a long time
and I love these videos personally like
they're one of my favorite videos just
like the theme of it in general so get
excited yo anyway it's currently 10:37
p.m. p.m. Wow it's currently at 10:37
a.m. I'm getting some breakfast
awesome good I have an unprocessed yes
question of the day are you wearing
socks right now or not and if you are
what color are they
okay so just planning out what we're
filming today I feel like we usually do
this every single day that we film just
to kind of make sure we're on the same
page knowing where each scene we're
going to do like if do we want to film
it on the cup one of them in my bedroom
handy-dandy notebook anyone else wants
to exclude them their little oh it kind
of stopped raining kind of as you can
tell Chloe's currently not here she's at
the groomers so when she comes back she
should be a whole new little I'm
excited when I miss her we are currently
I really wanted to decision where we're
driving through like a drive-through
place so we're on our way to go today
right now it is pouring rain I feel like
everyone always makes fun of me when I
say it's always raining when it's
raining here cuz I run in the comments
it's just like it rains all the time
right sorry but yeah we filmed a haul
video for Ashley so that's going to be
weighing up with us this week hopefully
this tomorrow sometime this again we
didn't altogether because I like we both
have been shopping so much as you guys
know because you usually come along for
it off so yeah we found that and then we
found one scene for me and now we're
about to film another one also they
called and said Chloe is ready to get
picked up so we're going to go pick her
up soon to do so to you going to be
stoked she should be in the video so you
can
near the rain currently at lemonade
merchants among athletes because she
didn't open her umbrella in time does I
talk about it all the time but the blood
orange lemonade is so freakin good
football dude of all the times I've had
Starbucks I've never had my straw Judas
it looks like bro what is this hey
Starbuck what is this I'll just um bloom
what anywhere anyways anyways we got
Chloe back welcome so everyone your new
haircut babe good come here oh hi little
one we got our hair done we got our
cheese creams our nails trimmed Amara is
so messy update on the weather not much
to us too I was so glad that I had this
jacket in my trunk because it was
pouring when we were getting close and
luckily stays me guys it could have been
so bad anyways we have I think we're
about halfway done filming ish so we're
going to get a few more scenes at Knox
good morning guys
so today's date Q of this vlog sorry
that there was not much footage
yesterday we have been really busy but I
feel like I have nothing to show for how
busy I've been
which makes me really sad so I'm sorry
good morning Cannell hi hey did we get
into the trash can today were we bad we
bad did we do that she knows what she
did now she's like I'm sorry mom
today I'm actually going over to this
event thing which should be super fun at
Mia's going so I'm not sure if I can
vlog I feel like I should be able to
feel like I should if not I will insert
a whole bunch of snapchat and pictures
and stuff that way just to kind of show
you guys a little bit about that there
is done I still have to do my makeup so
I'm about to go do that right now
figured I'm gonna just update you guys
what's the vlog
oh also it's got a lot a very excited
about that
muhaha skill Club Chloe come she does
this thing where she has to be you in
front of the stairs like she has to go
before you currently watching Mia's vlog
hi memes
I'm Ezio yo your boo fall okay so I'm
just going to do my makeup as you can
see have everything
so I'll makeup is done it's kind of
intense I'm liking it I don't I didn't
even know I was going for but then I
ended up doing kind of a purple smokey
eye I'm filling it I really like it and
then I did heavies Malibu I love it if
you're wondering so intent I'm going to
go downstairs because I still have a few
like just a few more things to film
basically one more thing to film for
Sunday's video which is going up to
Saturday oh shoot sneak Senate which
means have to edit this whole video last
night yeah I'm going to be up all night
game how do you forget about that I
started that every single Saturday I
have a realization at some point that I
have to edit a video Wow good go on
Alicia anyways let's go downstairs and
we can film the last part of my video
bum bum bum bum bum bum also rocking one
of my shirts that I got from Urban the
other day and goodbye going on a bomb
well I'll be sitting in it so DeLuca oh
you actually retried it well that's
better that's still though currently
12:32 I should leave a little after one
so we got time left so it did did you
get my snapchat quo trash okay let's
stop yeah I'm excited I'm also excited
to be able on my editing this vlog too I
had coffee skin yourself can you tell
also I'm really liking my hair today
shouldn't should you don't like too
small some so Nicky's currently doing a
live stream and I got a notification so
I went on that was like Nick oh yeah
yeah Nick we support River outfit change
purple looks better so we can switch
number one the friends will actually pay
you back when they borrow money and if
yours that friend who forgets to pay
people back you might want to pay fees
medic in the solvent
is long run let's go figure out what I'm
wearing
rip oh when you need something to wear
of course you read your sister's cloth
just kidding she said I could still get
a jumpsuit that I can even wear who has
a normal amount to wear so like I've
worn everything that I have yeah that
could be cool what up so it is a lot
later and day I was just doing some
editing for this vlogging you're
currently watching I'm sorry I didn't
vlog at the event and it's so funny
because I totally missed you and I
literally walked off without my camera
but it's cool I have some snapchats and
pictures if you guys want to see that
when you try and take a picture
Lindy it was fun seeing Mia we're going
to try to hang out tomorrow that should
be fun it was just until on some editing
if you've ever wondered this is what the
other side of YouTube videos look like
well that literally and what's funny is
editing vlogs can take so long I've
actually gotten really fast at it and I
can get a vlog done in like 40 minutes
which sounds like a long time but it's
actually not that long and I always try
to have my videos between 5 and 10
minutes so as long as it's in between
there I'm really happy but what's funny
is all this raw footage together is like
at least 30 or 40 minutes just straight
once you cut it all up it's like yeah do
you guys care do you
I don't know I feel like none of you
probably care about like techy stuff but
I'm like obsessed with it fun also I am
still loving the office it's also fun to
sit and work in here so it makes me
excited hey I saw it is Sunday morning
and I was just editing this vlog to get
it up and I wanted to end this so I can
export it and then upload it again don't
forget to watch my main channel video
that's going up today after you watch
this vlog it's probably going to be up
around noon ish maybe a little sooner
not sure and thank you for watching I
love you and I'll see you tomorrow
please
