hey guys so I'm just now starting my
blog vlog what I'm now starting my vlog
and it's 9:00 p.m. I know I know I know
Alicia what the heck I don't even know
today like flew by and then I have
headache and then I took a nap and then
I cleaned for a bit and now we're here
that was my day but do not worry I'm
giving you guys a late target adventures
because I think I are going to target we
have a few random things that we really
need so get ready for an amazing amazing
target adventures vlogs let's do it so
first thing we're doing it's like a what
is this so a lot of our friends have
these are clips for your phones to set
when you're driving and it would help so
much for direction so we're totally
getting some also mandatory in
California now kind of domestic so I'm
in desperate need of new hangers so I
need to find I finally have a closet big
enough to hold all my clothes it's
exciting that I need hangers and come
find them hmm
Marshall I used to all these different
targets all this home decor is making me
so happy and look what I found
there's this little bench thing I'm
wondering if that would look good in the
closet you know how on a binge I think
it's a superhero or they have this bench
which might be better only because
everything is so white and everything so
I and I called it oh these are cute so
like bookends
those are super cute I hit on all what
do you think ash the fluffy warmest with
you I can't sit I'm thinking this loves
going to dirty so get that one I'm not
think about it a nightstand since about
Ashley found a nightstand I really like
it I feel like you can do totally cool
like you know and some perfect cement I
mean anyways I'm still not allowed to do
about the bench and then I seem to get I
still haven't gotten like anything okay
yeah let's target for having good
lighting that's all I got a sign look at
the little cackles ash look at the look
have to see our text cacti
these are so freaking cute Bobby seen
the office this is cute too
the gross cool wood stain what do I need
I could use a mirror to really whines
just to get my closet done dude target
has mirrored furniture now there
something a third
I am impressed I am impressed we found
hangers yay
and at first I was kind of freaking out
because they had they had white ones
they had purple ones and I couldn't find
any black ones but there was one hidden
back here love these man I love these
because it just comes with so many what
is this 40 dude I'm gonna be set for
life just kidding just until I need more
hangers check those work wonders in your
bathroom
I like that other ones though wait yeah
okay I work wonders guys I don't know if
you can tell but back there like right
right over there the Valentine section
is getting late to destroy it like so
read before they're trying to get
last-minute stuff hey ash you shouldn't
buy me some chocolate because I know
what else I'm going to be playing this
chocolate locally really want to get it
we should talk about we should talk
I really want to go to chocolate
fountain and we can like get some screw
and have a chocolate fountain
Valentine's Day night because hashtag
single and hashtag no one's doing
anything was made I know my friends have
plans but with their Bey's and me now
from Chloe at home all my single friends
you should come over another party oh oh
so this is my all-time favorite Girl
Scout cookie and they have a gum so I
think we need to do a taste test I'm
very curious if it's going to taste good
as you see it was crazy we're doing a
taste test beans yeah
celery because celery and peanut butter
is on my right side of the paper because
you need toilet paper trash dad because
you also need trash
next is water bottles because I can't
find any of my old ones I think in the
movie just got lost keeps not even
kidding I keep using our seasons and I
never have a water bottle day it's kind
of sexy because you can un but if you
like I used to have them I used to have
this exact one and I can't tell you
where it is like it's gone mer I mean I
could get like like that's you your life
thing is I feel like when you have
lipstick or lip gloss I get stuck on the
little thing which I don't like but I
could just take off the thing should I
get this one I think I'm gonna get this
one it's pretty big I like it he look
good yes I always like being in the
workout section cuz it makes me feel
like I'm working out when I'm not oh my
god it's like a you shoes look at it
there it is it's just chilling I wasn't
oh my god
Targa has all their spring and summer
shoes
I'm getting so excited for spring and
summer I feel like you have been able to
solve these I've been talking about it
non-stop so I should have been talking
about starting to decorate the office
because that's one room we haven't done
like whatsoever found this which is
actually really heavy for like pens and
pencils and stuff I really like it are
we getting - oh I love that I like that
a lot
- yeah so guys I thought about it and I
think I'm going to wait on the bench and
check TJ Maxx and home goods and
Nordstrom Rack but I know it's here so I
might come back for it or the other one
not sure yet but yes also can we talk
about this poop it's so cute we should
look at world market laughing we scored
there remember you have really cute
stuff about this one around here
today go guys that was target adventures
with Ashley and Alicia so yeah this is
vodka visa leave you like two minutes
longer I have no idea how much fitter
don't worry I'm going to vlog tomorrow I
have a lot of cleaning and organizing
and all that fun stuff to do see you
guys soon
and yeah I love you guys I'll see you
tomorrow bye MA
