good morning guys what is that happy
Monday oh do you wanna up here come here
oh look happy Monday I hope that your
guys's week is amazing August today
thanks seven I want to see this day
February 6 2017 I don't know a lot of
them the weather is so nice it was
raining yesterday like this past few
days as you guys saw well today like the
sun's out but it's still kind of gloomy
I don't know like I love so I got ready
actually going to be extremely channel
like we're not filming or anything
actually actually had to go back to
Orange County again today just kind of
chill out I was like I really don't feel
like doing my hair which I'm glad I
didn't because I go outside and it
starts pouring you guys I wish I blog to
this hilarious and then my glasses are
like all like water everywhere was like
oh my gosh those moments when you like
you wish like you had a reality show
following you around because you'd be
like I look so ridiculous right now I
wish people could see this because it's
comical anyway I think later I'm going
to meet up with Niki and we are going to
talk video sing see a super chill day
tomorrow I'm so excited from my closet
is getting installed and I realized I'm
pretty sure the TV is getting mounted
tomorrow's shoot so it's like after
tomorrow I can really start like putting
away all my clothes like getting
organized I feel like the moving process
had to kind of pause until those bulbs
most of my closet is like done so I'm
really really excited for that I made
why are you so cute I said why are you
so cute and yesterday's vlog like 20
times but I edited like 10 of them out
now
also I'm starving I'm going to order
some earth campaign so that sounds
really good really good
you guys want to OTD I rather haven't
done what those are really long time
although it's pretty pretty simple
supposed to it my hair is up in like a
messy bun wearing my glasses this gives
me an excuse not to do as much makeup
Hey so actually jacket this is not
Victoria Secret pink it's just one of
these like half zip sweatshirts which I
really like I'm just wearing a black
t-shirt underneath my leggings that are
from Topshop I believe to have like this
like mesh like lines on them and then
I'm not
them now but I wasn't wearing my UGG I
was wearing my ID does stuff that's my
outfit and even though the rest of my
room is a mess I feel like I should
probably clean up my makeup and this
morning when sentencing Jen's and and so
no I saw that coming
it was like it's going to happen peg and
then I was going through my purses
earlier and I found another perfume that
I can add cute my mini perfume
collection we got going on over here so
that's exciting
probably also a good time to make my bed
waking up waking up making you look what
I just got
oh my god you guys I'm just so hungry
big surprise yes I ordered from Earth C
usual Thomaston tabbouleh salad it's a
must if you ever go you should try it
and think of me because I get it every
time I go so I'm going to eat this I
have super early breakfast today so now
I'm serving for lunch already which is
funny cause it's like I just started
this vlog but like in reality I didn't
but you know what I mean
I'm thinking about
Oh
hey guys a little bit later now and I'm
actually gonna head over to making
Gabi's and we're just gonna chill there
any caps I wanted to come over I was
like yes but Ashley's actually gone so I
can't leave Chloe along for two I can't
leave Chloe alone or too long by herself
and it was like well wat you bring her
and I was like why don't I bring her
yeah you want the curl come here yeah I
do want to come well you don't know
where we're going though you think we're
going you think we're going somewhere
else I already know where you think
we're going it'll be fun I promise
how can you say no about babe yeah you
excited you want a girl
no go see McCain Gabi no peanut anyways
I was packing her bag because yes she
has to have her own bag they have some
of her toys a water bowl I already fed
her dinner so she should be good for
that I feel like a mom I'm like I have
pulses we have her little poop bags have
your harness right let's go for me I
just need to pack up my computer I have
my journal and I have my own jet I don't
think I need my agenda now let me think
about also update I have been loving
this this is what I got some target I
showed it to you guys in a vlog last
week I don't know whatever I bought it
now in the planner section um it's a new
year and I kind of could use new planner
so I got well it's actually a big one
and I really like having a lot of space
to write so like I love how the months
are super big and there's just so much
room to write but I really really like
this like it's really working out for me
that makes me so excited
dude you too cute oh also closet it's
kind of really hard to tell in this
lighting
but the closet is done it's white and I
love it hi guys I should have shown you
earlier when it was brighter in here and
really like making it white seriously
like brightens up this room so much so
anyway aspects what I'm doing so you
know what I need my computer charger to
what else do I need to get some powder
because my face is kind of oily like
that is a sting much better
so okay oh yeah I'm still looking for my
backpack it's probably under this
complete huge pile of stuff honestly I
have a feeling a lot Florence's change
of plan let's just use a bag that sounds
great
this bag looks great perfect look at
that bat downstairs
a rake oh yeah someone's ready a little
hard it was like yeah okay let's do it
guys I literally I just got rear-ended
whoa like I've never been in a carton
before well I've been in one with Mia
but like I wasn't driving so this is the
first time where I was like I was
driving gotten one totally wasn't my
fault someone just hit me from behind
oh it's not that bad obviously I'm okay
like it's not like bad bad but it just
kind of like threw me off so I was like
oh my gosh what's going on poor Henry I
feel more bad for my car and club
because she was here but she's totally
fine to you that's so depressing
you look like insurance in all that
stuff ugh Alicia remind yourself to edit
out your license plate oh my gosh now
I'm gonna have to get a whole different
bumper and light herb I may even have to
get this party place which I hope not
because that's the whole side of his car
and a new spoiler who knew Haley's broke
a clue could be a lot worse
hey guys I see time guess where I am not
Nicki and Gabi's because that's what you
would be expecting because I vlogged
about going there but guess you didn't
bug at all and she was there Oh me I'm
currently at memes as well I like its
meme did he like my snapchat and he did
about my shoes I know I would literally
thought of you like my initial thoughts
where all my gosh was going on thank
goodness it's not my fault I like I'm
okay and then I was like Mia just got in
fact the picture literally that was my
thought process and then I'm like oh I
should pull over
she is chilling she's so exhausted and
tired and just wants to play but I feel
like she would have if she wasn't so
tired sorry bug
mom hey go home anyway go home hi buddy
how do you like your new home look at
the light floor oh his Instagram feed is
gonna be on point now you know I kind of
blend in it's just the shades of fifty
shades of brown I mean I love your new
place I love it I like the view - yeah
a
