good morning guys
I don't know I did them happy Sunday
happy Superbowl Sunday
I look so cute right now it is currently
I love no to an and I've been sitting
here looking like this oh well maybe I
should put this back on because it looks
better I've been sitting here and I got
up my blog from yesterday yes and I just
caught at my main panel video which is a
pranks video a lot of you guys guessed
that it was everyone was thinking it was
either a testing video or a pranks video
is a pranks video and you guys are
loving it which makes me so happy I
already mentioned it yesterday but
seriously I am just so happy with how it
turned out as far as like the lighting
and just like I don't know I just like
looks so good and it makes me really
happy obviously it's probably because we
moved and it's like new and everything
but like yeah go watch it it is funny
pranks roommate wars I'm thinking of
just calling that series roommate wars
so if you post about it usually Tosh tag
roommate wars and I'll probably find
your post more if you do that but anyway
so that's what I've been doing I've
literally been sitting right here for so
long also it's kind of like raining
today well it's stopped raining it was
like a misty kind of like sprinkling
earlier it looks like it stops now but
yeah also it's Super Bowl Sunday and
obviously the game isn't on yet that's
the thing so I've just been replying to
comments and reading everything as you
can tell by the title I'm painting my
closet parents are coming over later and
my dad is going to help me paint I'm
interested to you guys before I wasn't
planning on painting but when they got
rid of the old closet it left so many
like scratches and holes and stuff so
now I'm like okay if I'm gonna ever
paint it now is the time to do that I'd
much rather just do it myself because
it's probably a million times cheaper so
yeah that's what's going on today
so I'm going to take a shower on some
makeup and also do you like my socks
happy this is so cute come on khlo oh
why have you took you guys I totally
spilt coffee on my jacket and very proud
gotta cut the kiss our it seriously so
nice having a backyard finally because
like Chloe we don't have to walk her and
the apartment complex she can actually
just like explore and go around
seriously so nice just to do
to sit here while she's like over there
either like the little things I feel
like I took for granted like being at my
parents house you know like it stopped
raining for now look at her she's so
little like backyard is huge to her
really though guys like fashion on point
right now looks so good and I just got
here so we're gonna start working on the
closet soon but I got a package starter
here to be great time to open this
package and funny cuz sometimes I'll
like watch other youtubers like you vlog
so I have an idea what's like comment
but I have no idea what this is
hmm new link para no oh my god this is a
phone this is so cute I think it can be
an actual phone though oh my god that's
exciting
and then one of their maths Darren's -
oh my god these are so weird
it literally didn't see this it's a
lipstick but it has a lip liner like
built into it that is crazy weird okay
guys we are getting ready few at pink
because if you want to see it before
give all of our tools and we have our
paint all the holder patched and now
we're just going to have to paint and
ready
I won't do it yeah look at that paint
going so good I'm just excited for this
to be done so we can get installed so I
can finally get all of my clothes out
from my room I've been living like this
guys like it's bugging me I'm like I
want it done come on e okay or what girl
if you are curious this is the paint
that we're using this is what they use
when they like did the house but it is
done Edwards color whisper it's just
white
so we're painting the closet it's coming
along we did one coat on this wall okay
so we just took a break to watch the
halftime show and Lady Gaga did so
freaking good I love her always loved
her and just I think I'll forever love
her in fact I went to one of her
concerts like years ago and I loved it
it was all good
oh my god Chloe why he's so QP look at
her head only she's like facing
backwards
okay I can't hey guys so I just wanted
to end this vlog we ended up painting
the closet it looks really good it's
just like drawing and stuff anyway thank
you guys so much for watching this vlog
if you like you can just thumbs up and
don't forget to subscribe and yeah I'll
see you guys tomorrow a new vlog bye
