you guys don't intent on new video is up
it is Sunday morning and it is before
noon update time good morning it is
currently 11:00 12:00 a.m. oh my god I'm
so excited I love it when my videos are
up early in the day it is amazing
good morning guys and welcome to my
orange face if you didn't see
yesterday's vlog I got the spray tan and
it is it is time so videos up very
exciting I've been replying to all your
guys's comments this morning which is
been awesome and now I'm going to get
ready for my bed my foot is up yes plans
for the day I need to make a nail
appointment because I have an exciting
shoot slash trip and I have to get my
nails gone I'm kind of sad but I'm not
so I'm excited so leave tomorrow for
exciting trip is I have to pack tonight
I have to get my nails done I actually
have a few photos I need to take before
I leave that I've been putting off I
really need to take my much so I'm gonna
let how many is that I forgot I lost
count
oh I look so cute now who I'd like to
upload a vlog but I already did the
thumbnail for it so yeah guys plans for
the day hey Club Mick good morning
little peanut good morning oh my gosh
she's been so cuddly lately it's
actually adorable I love you okay should
we get coffee khlo your mama wants some
coffee
oh oh okay come on dun dun dun dun dun
it editor can I help you guys so you
know I've moved the coffee corner over
here I've still yet to put the coffee
cups here like the actual glass cups are
here I've been meaning this vision for
the longest time but the coffee cups are
here I've just been lazy
speaking of though ooh what coffee cup
should we have today mmm
hmmm I think I'm gonna have the I'm the
boss cup that's heavy I got me for
Christmas yes always a solid choice see
and now and now I remembered to bring my
cup over here and I forgot I still have
to get the coffee which is still over
there and it's funny because I complain
about this every single where's the
coffee
oh my god we're out of coffee hot cocoa
oh no wait what's this no no I have this
thing but like why does this look like a
diva cup no coffee
it's okay maybe I'll just we don't need
coffee I'm just it's okay we'll just put
some makeup on yes okay so hey guys so
lately I've been using if you're
interested you may like totally
completely not even be interested at all
the past few days I've been using the
venti Foundation which I love and I've
been using it with this base that I got
from Sephora and my last one I think the
one that manny recommended it is the
vitamin enriched face space it's this
thing this thing is amazing so good I
have oily skin I really like this this
combination together is seriously heaven
as of now I'm liking it a lot more then
the shape tape foundation so as of now
this combo is winning so let's uh let's
do some makeup need to put some blush do
my eyebrows I made a nail appointment so
that's something checked off the list
who Sedona Instagram snaps for later
like I'm so ahead right now just crazy
hi Brett
hey bruh I can't talk eyebrows make the
biggest difference for me like when I
fill them in when I don't
some people like doesn't make a
difference at all me makes a huge
difference
like eyebrow no eyebrow blood let's do
some lip okay lately I've been obsessed
with this color it's rum punch and it's
from Tarte it's the one under like sup I
don't know what line this is the one
with the blue container I've been using
it everyday this past week and I loved
it so much everything I've been using
the new spray that I got the other day
on our highlight on
make'em is 9 hopefully this looked good
let's see oh my god you guys I forgot I
have this lush package that I've yet to
open I was waiting to unbox this on a
vlog oh my god wait literally I'm so
close when it smells so good oh okay oh
my gosh this smells divine maybe I can
just set you guys a great here so now I
need scissors but maybe we don't need
scissors oh yeah I'm definitely gonna
break in the outfit okay one second one
second okay wait is it still recording
yes doesn't it kind of works I'll make
it work oh we did it we did it oh it's
for Valentine's Day
we have melt my heart massage
wait there's so much that I think I'm
just gonna get it all out lay it out and
show you guys boom yah wah you guys huge
thank you to lush for sending me all of
this I cannot wait to take a bath and
just use up all these they've sent
packages before but for some reason I
love every like this scent that's like
it's just smells so good I'm upset Wow
oh my god it's so exciting oh my god it
smells so good you guys it's not I don't
want to like put it away cause it smells
so good I think I'm gonna put it on my
bathroom actually that could be that
could be nice you know okay wait so I
just finished putting all of them on the
little thing like on my bathtub and I
want to show you guys cuz I was so yeah
probably had no idea what I just said
there I apologize
oh my god I cannot wait to use these
okay that's all I just wanna show you is
update time it is currently 118 p.m. and
right so now as you can tell in the
office I wanted to sit down and work on
my weekly spread in my bullet journal so
I'm excited for it I kind of just
started but I wanted to show you guys
this let me know if you want to see more
stuff like this but I wanted to show you
the inspo pick that I saw and then you
guys can see when I'm done what it looks
like okay so I literally just started
like I said so I have January and
February but I want you guys is the
inspo pick can you see this are you
focusing you're not focusing there you
go okay so I saw this pin who is this
pin from Juliet 3 Graham via the letter
lingo I don't know if that's the like
the original person who did this I have
no idea if he on this pen and I thought
it was really cute I like how it says
November up here and it has the whole
month like lay out there and then I
really like the look of all of this for
the week so hopefully we can get this to
look a little bit like that I have no
idea if you can even see or if you're
gonna stay cuz you're balancing on my
water bottle so let's do this okay guys
are you ready to see almost finished
spread but ever never ever inaudible so
it all went wrong with the F so we're
just gonna pretend that didn't happen
and then everything was working out good
honestly love the rest of it I think
it's so cute I still want to put
something up in this like top corner cuz
it looks kind of ordered these super
super cute little stickers it says
planning time I usually like do these
spreads every single Sunday and then I
put a little cute little up a bun at
sake oh and in those Edit ones I thought
were super cute so yeah I wasn't gonna
do this side at all because as you can
see I messed up and use the wrong marker
on my last week I feel like we should
just cover this whole side because I
don't like that other side but this
one's pretty decent so yeah I still suck
at this but I'm getting good I'm gonna
be good for the end of the year I'm
gonna look back and be like yo we got
the goods caffeinate then dominate oh
this was so so freaking needed also I
got oat milk which is so good it so
proud right now because I'm trying to
get up a vlog for you it's been like a
week ish since I've uploaded oh yeah I'm
so sorry
vlogs are coming vlogs are here it is
good oh hey oh hi so we've been getting
some pictures we actually feel like
we've gotten a lot for like literally 30
minutes not like we were able to do it
I'm on my way to my nail appointment
right now and I'm really sad cuz I kind
of just got my nails done not that long
ago but and they look so good I'm
literally not gonna have like my
signature nails I'll get them back in a
few days but I'm not gonna have my
signature nail so you're just gonna see
what I end up getting here we go
battery may die but
yes also posted to Instagram today Who
am I
oh man and to combat Alicia Seamus help
Roman we got some Panera yes we did just
got my nails done and look at you guys I
feel so naked they're gone the acrylics
are gone short and nude and I'm like oh
yeah Who am I I can do a fist for once
that's a thing and then we decided we
were really hungry
big surprise oh you're gonna get some
food so we ended up at Panera and I
realize I haven't been here in so long
so we're gonna eat and then I'm gonna go
home and pack okay so this is the
current situation and as you could tell
it's actually a small suitcase is just
to carry on so I'm not gonna be gone for
that long I'm actually only gonna be
gone for days I got my nails they're
little I just I don't like it I just
need to pack up a lot of my like
toiletries and shampoo and all that fun
stuff so okay I don't even know how I
got all this in here but I did and this
is amazing I still need a pack I have
some face wipes here that I've been
using and I said I packed that my
toothbrush my chew Wow hairbrush and my
toothbrush obviously I'm gonna still
need that boom so update time yeah it is
currently 10:41 p.m. not as late as I
thought that's actually pretty exciting
pretty much done packing I still have a
little bit left to do I really wanted to
take off my makeup because can you see
this like it's a little rough anybody
can talk cannot talk anyways I thought
it was a good time to end the vlog I am
so excited for you guys to see it where
I'm going if you have any guests let me
know in the comments below I'm super
pumped but yeah I'll see you guys soon
