good morning guys
guess what there it's moving day today
is moving day is finally here I feel
like we've been talking about this for
so long so many vlogs it is it's really
day
Clow are you so excited so yeah packing
up my room I've made so much progress
you guys to be so proud of me the movers
are coming they should be here any
minute so if you see random guys miss
vlogs up that's who they are so but we
got quite a bit done so they're going to
do all the big stuff but here's my room
I need to get a few more boxes just to
get these big things but honestly
everything else is pretty big like
they're going to move that they're gonna
move the bed and the dresser oh this is
so weird
sorry if I say that this is so weird a
million times today because probably
going to happen Oh making a Starbucks
run that is a necessity right now
we got the good oh my gosh you guys look
good
my room is seriously so Oh how's it
going oh it's going pretty good
we were talking about how pumped we are
to have like a real kitchen sink remove
removing when we came up we saw the
moving truck outside literally like
scream inside I was like that point here
we go bye apartment ah ah my dad and I
in close giving the apartment because
we've really thought that an alarm guys
coming to meet us at the house and a
little over an hour so we wanted to get
there early and stuff so we're going
this is like this is it
we didn't going to clip together hi guys
we'll be on the flip side
hey guys we're cool remember this place
became here before she has had a very
rough day
Chloe yeah I'm not gonna lie
driving over here like this Poland hair
weave honestly the whole past couple
months under money go go go go like
isn't so much like so many things to do
today when my dad and I got in the car
and listen first turn that up like
really hypnotic I'm leaving this place
but I've been there so long it's true we
are moving dun dun dun
door where I'll be want me instead a lot
we're gonna was back and be like oh my
gosh this is the first day we moved here
and like huh I thought so has been
eventful like I'm not even kidding
if I would let my father's probably
could have cried like thinking about it
because we had so many good memories
there I was seriously thinking back when
I first started my youtube channel and
how I just always loved LA and it was
like people appear but I never thought
it would happen driving over here I was
like realizing how like this has been a
dream of mine for so long it happened oh
it's so inviting like you can seriously
do anything you want whatever your
passion is or your dreams are like just
do it
obviously it's gonna be a lot of hard
work but you can do it in three sitting
and right a messy room you anom you can
I don't live super close to Disneyland
anymore and that makes me really sad
- night that's the number one thing I'm
said about Chloe don't we kill that in
front of the camera
ah I can't wait to cook so Mia just
called me she is on her way she hasn't
seen the house yes I'm so excited for
her to see it yeah I want to do like an
overview of everything lost MZ spill
so this corner because we already have a
table like the wooden table though like
that the dining table like wooden table
is going to go over there so normally
you would have like a smaller like
breakfast table over here we don't want
another seating area so we were thinking
about making this like a coffee corner
and making it like a complete like cafe
typing like I saw you can get these
decals for like white brick like
wallpaper like white brick and stuff
getting like bookcase
is and having a record player and a huge
rug and then having a like a small
bistro table in the corner
you don't mean just making it look like
a complete like coffee shop it's like
something so different you know here's
the dining room and our table is pretty
small for the space so I'm going to get
a rug and then we're going to have the
dress and I think the two bookshelves
will be over here kind of in the setup
that they already were then the living
room I'm so excited to see how this ends
up looking in like a month you know II
mean it's gonna look so good and in the
office you guys have seen this already
this rug we're not leaving it here we
just brought it from the house last time
we came so I'm sure that'll go like in
my room or Ashley's room or somewhere
kind of small for this space - and then
I haven't even shown you guys this area
this is when you first walk in from the
front door it looks like this and then
on Sunday a table's being delivered
right here it's one of those like clear
console ones and for that GPG - the
stairs and yeah that's basically
downstairs and of course we cannot
forget about the pool I love the
backyard because as you can see it's all
like kind of fenced in and you just feel
like so safe here like I love welcome
home brought this in and already I was
like it's our home
like it it's just like
you guys like so scared
laughter Melvin you're Blum I think
justice read
I got another laser treatment today our
beautiful things are calming and you're
forcing change I miss a blog earlier is
okay but now look more like us because I
stuff finally come you guys the living
room is looking pretty good it looks so
pretty good yeah we're excited I'm
excited Oh
hike well maybe you guys we are
officially moved in the movers just like
what the hell doesn't look like it it's
nighttime yeah the lights I love you
slow where you get the living room guy
is our living room
I'm loving it I love how it looks just
like our linear at home this is the
living room must my mom I love the rug
the looks so good this is our old coffee
table do you remember that that's when
we were using then our TV we actually
have to like find out a way for someone
to mount it because we have no idea how
we're going to mount it or so pink chair
as well but yeah we're going to move
this but that's this guess what I got
guess what I got was good nope you
probably guess I ordered a like a month
ago and I've been so excited to show you
guys oh I ordered a hanging Egg Chair
which is going to go in this corner oh
my gosh and just like oh I'm so excited
for this I'm really hoping to get that
done oh my gosh those are all of the
picture frames what's all this
oh this is my room huh so do you guys
remember a couple of blogs we go we came
here because a table was being delivered
it turned out that they accidentally
forgot part of the table the only sent
the top part yeah that's well they
resent the table so I'm going to do the
actual unboxing of it now and put it
together so let's do this
that's what supposed to look like pretty
standard table is done it looks really
good how's it going
is that your bed she thinks my bed is
hers
you guys said is up it's so funny my bed
looks so small in this room it's so far
this is a room
hey guys wow
why was my voice like that look who's
here here she's spending the night and
word probably all going to go to bed
soon because I'm so tired
thank you so much for watching this vlog
I'm so excited for the future vlogs and
I'm so so tired so I'm just going to end
it here I love you guys and I'll see you
tomorrow with a new blog and yes
