huh guys I woke up I was like having a
good morning just drinking coffee
reading a book on the couch and you know
what the next thing I realized I was
like oh my gosh I have a photoshoot at
12:00 I'm not even ready I don't know
what I'm wearing I'm yeah yeah I have to
literally in five minutes so pretty just
like a little dip into demo after is
helping me push get an outfit I just did
my makeup I think did it what this look
good I can't tell
oh that's a cute one did it shrink no
this is my I was cute I like I like that
my room is an actual mess of trying to
find an outfit in like three minutes I
know this is what we got so far kind of
freaking out I love it cuz most of my
vlogs are left I like slow and happy in
the morning and this one's like okay I
haven't learned this yet so what should
I wear right now this I just I don't
want to end up I have a feeling I'm
going to wear these shorts the whole
time you don't I mean I need something
like a skirt ah I haven't worn those yet
that could be cute oh this is it
I don't wanna wear the boots right now
hey guys were a mess but we're fine
everything's fine I just don't I don't
know I don't know what's packed I don't
know what to pack her and she's not
Fondy I need to get her skirt but
there's like 20 skirts
looks so good
so what do i do okay she responded and
now she's asking like what are her skirt
option I'm trying to find them all okay
I think I've got everything packed up
which is amazing what so expecting that
to happen that smooth so I'm going to go
bring this to leash now hopefully in
time hey guys so update time it is like
noon no like perfect ol 30 now but I've
also get some pictures done I'm very
excited to the last time that they
turned out so good so I'm excited to
give new one so I'm to give you guys a
behind-the-scenes about what's going on
today
photoshoot is done and I love what I
have seen like honestly this outfit was
one of my favorite ones and it's so like
difference for me I feel like oh I don't
know but seriously like I'm so excited
for these photos I'm just doing I want
to do like a rebrand on my channel like
a new profile picture and all this stuff
that's what this is for like I could
teach out a secret but I don't see why
what's the point of keeping them secret
for you guys oh my gosh I'm so excited
super excited it pom anyways it's going
to go back to the house and get some
filming done and just chill take kind of
a told a lot more children this morning
huh yeah so whatever ah that was pretty
hectic hey guys update time so we're
back at the house and it's actually been
a bit since I last clogs barbata but we
had lunch and then we just been filming
we have two things left in them for this
video I'm very excited you guys are
really going to like it because you guys
really like this type of video also um
there's a hint on my Twitter so go to my
Twitter and you'll find a hint for this
week's video going up Sunday around noon
so get excited for that are included but
yeah so I believe Taryn is coming over
tonight so we're going to have a
sleepover we're just going to continue
filming so you guys going to see a
little behind the scenes of that two
photo shoot when so good that's when my
hair is still the same and my makeup is
still kind of intense what a school yeah
this is two things less that we're
waiting to like be done so we can use
them to film one thing that's dry and
once they have to is like in the freezer
so so yes so while we're waiting for the
last goosing figured now is a good time
to write in my agenda and fascist
because I'm so visual and usually see
everything written out let's do it um we
need it
we need it's been guys seriously loud
b-sharp eatin amazed now see our life
let's see sighs Sunday we need to haze
plunders
I think I told you guys how we actually
have to paint my closet now because when
they got rid of the old one there's like
so many holes in the wall now so I
wasn't planning on painting but I'm also
just going to do it myself because I
think it'd be way cheaper that way and
it seems really easy so my dad's come
over on Sunday and helps because I don't
like having super bowl plans that works
out so Sunday we need to knock Tuesday
the closet is getting it delivered and
then Wednesday our TV is getting
delivered hmm wait wait I think the TV's
coming on the seven for some reason I
remember the seventh but I always
thought as a Wednesday and then oh wait
tomorrow and try out I'm getting lunch
with Khloe I'm so Khloe wrong I'm so
used to writing my Chloe
my battery's really Alone's gonna buy me
a charge again
you guys look keep your hair bad guys be
spending the night we're having a girls
night a close here and we're really
having a girls night okay blew my hair
maher did some editing
so this Bob will be up tomorrow I know
it's on the shorter side and I apologize
because I'm sure there's gonna be people
like oh my gosh you suck at vlogging
sorry guys a little tomorrow we talked
about shopping panky shop is filming
editing it's just going to be a
wonderful day I get excited for some
rods box some b-roll good what else goes
camera anyway that you guys know see
tomorrow's new vlog have you say
well
