Oh
hey guys so I'm sorry that I haven't
really vlog too much today I have such a
bad headache it's like borderline
migraine I don't know why because I've
been eating enough I thought maybe it
wasn't because I haven't really had much
water today I just drink some quite a
bit so I really don't know so yeah I've
kind of been feeling out of it sighting
our desk chairs just came and they
really weren't even supposed to come
until like next week sometime so I'm
really excited in it like I love how
they look I hope that they're
comfortable
Sooey those looks so good
we got I forget where I even ordered
these from was it Amazon no overstock
order these on the overstock I couldn't
even tell you the brand so I'm so sorry
I literally looked for like hours they
lose all identical oh those look so nice
I love I like the back - I really wanted
I like the ones I had this little
respect
yeah then you don't feel like grab the
white oh my god when you start
decorating the office we're most likely
going to Ikea later again I can't
mintues around things most likely going
later so they'll have a lot of like
organizational stuff to you they just
have those like boxes and stuff and then
drawer organizers but I know if you mean
like the corn where do you want even
miss target has really cute stuff would
you add a teacher next tournament yeah
they'll have really cute stuff guys this
looks so good oh the office still needs
a lot of work he's kind of has been like
a whatever room right now
we did get some command hooks and we put
up the calendar I don't I don't know if
I like it I think I just feel bad cuz I
bought it and I want to use it so that's
been oh is it comfy yeah it's comfy
Oh go find a dress criminal suit looks
like you know they're going to oh is
more of an off light but that's okay oh
wow that looks so good
yay can I set a now see this company
it's actually not as comfy as I thought
it's comfy you know we should get we
should get those little like
tempur-pedic like cushions to sit on and
it leans back a little bit yeah oh my
rescue guys it feels like I just slept
five hours let us take a nap which you
can probably dealt that either my makeup
or my hair
Ashley said I should go take a nap and
then I was like yeah I probably should
so I did it literally feels like I slept
her five hours but good news I'm feeling
it so much better I think I slept it off
because I seriously feel so much better
so I'm really excited half and I are
going to go get some lunch and then head
to Ikea so I apologize if this vlog is
on the shorter side just because I had
like no footage this morning that should
be good to you anyway these continue
debate only babe oh also Ashley put up
both of the computer chairs and they
look so good oh it looks really good
yeah so we are currently in Michael we
went got some food and you guys I
literally still all over my shirt and
and very upset about this feeling better
for sure they're currently Michael's
getting some supplies for Ashley's video
this week think we're getting a few
things for me too so I said about that
and then we're going to go to Ikea this
one looks really cute it's like similar
I like little cactus okay that's cute
therapy of course is ranges here
wait oh that one's cute yeah there's so
many cute all right this one about 15
minutes later still Michael we are
trying that we should wish look at the
jar area oh I found the charms kiss me
the other guys that I found deserves
another coke ball can use that so
finally my kiya hai hello IKEA we're
going IKEA look at these flags it's a
beautiful son better than sand dun dun
dun dun
they have cute stuff here I'm not going
to lie I'm not going to lie and we we
actually really like these bar stools
what's funny is I wasn't picturing this
when I was thinking of bar stools to get
these are so inexpensive we kinda like
them can you picture them do you guys
like them actually kind of like that
we'll think about it let's go to the
closet section hey guys I'm so sorry
that I forgot to end yesterday's vlog
also I'm sorry that my hair is like a
poop ball anyways I found to end it
thank you so much for watching and I'll
see you guys tomorrow with a new vlog
will later today for me but tomorrow for
you
