good morning guys what is up
today is Tuesday today is Tuesday
I believe it's January 24th yep Tuesday
January 24th 2017 first off it's like
freezing then and don't know why
sessions off ii made some coffee I'm
very excited for this coffee is amazing
alrighty stuff yesterday's vlogs I'm
very pumped about that what else what
else what else what else I'm going to
start getting ready for the day it needs
to be a chill day I'm pretty excited for
honestly actually I think I have to go
back to the house today because there
are two packages coming today and I
thought they were going to come Friday
but again it's just like fast shipping I
guess obviously I could like leave it
there like I don't have to go today but
I'd rather like packages just not be
outside because then that shows people
like we're not home and I don't want to
do that so I'm going to go pick that up
Ashley should be back in like an hour so
bringing it back by popular demand so I
was just walking Chloe and I came home
to a package from Tarte so I think we
should I think we should open then but
first we need some scissors ok see ya I
always loved how to have like pink
wrapping paper actually I wanted a
Fitbit for so long it's like they watch
my vlogs or something this is cute it's
like it's for your gym bag oh this is so
exciting I'm love and boxing oh so he
odd you're gonna love it I really love
the packaging it's like a matte purple
there's a highlighting moisturizer eye
makeup removers like in a little travel
pad
Patrick couch and then a tinted lip-balm
called lip rescue that is adorable oh my
god
thank you a chart hey guys so we're at
the house it's still so actually like so
actually once we put in furniture though
it'll it'll be good so like I said we
came here because there were two
packages coming one already came so I'm
going to unbox with Mike Mills Christmas
boys birth it's right here I ordered
some decor stuff from there because
they're having a killer sale my dad and
everything was backordered but I guess
this one wasn't so this one came in like
two days I was like no I thought I would
really come in like a week but that's
okay so I figured I'd show you guys
realizing is no scissors so I'm going to
use cute whoa oh oh my god oh my god ah
okay so do you remember the vlog where I
showed you guys that I got two pictures
from Urban Outfitters and a row and to
run first off I got this like art thing
and it has two little palm trees the
picture like the beach so I really love
both of these together had some rugs on
sale so we got two rugs this one this
one looks like this and it's just blue
without even knowing I ordered the same
rug this is the same rug that I bought
does that look familiar to you because
cuz same
what good look sir could you put one
Rabat order this way yeah I have a
different online it was hard to tell and
the second I opened I was like I haven't
room this was on sale so I thought I got
such a big deal but maybe yeah like
what's this what both in the kitchen
like imagine two of the same one just
along here in the kitchen I like it it's
just it's funny that's all it is
oh we have another unboxing to do so I
bought this calendar the other week
because I saw it in a story it was so
cute figured we should take it out so
you can start like unfolding because I'm
sure it's like you know oh my gosh that
is super cute I like we're in a nothing
going on this day
hey guys okay it's not fair and I
thought it's going to be huge
I mean it could go above the couch well
the couch won't be here for a very long
time so yeah I'm going to put there we
also put it here well it's a thing as
too big oh my god I never thought a
calendar would be too big of Antigua
nothing just close by spot for it
nope yeah so I wanted to make more it's
seriously so big ash move-in day is
Friday my days place Tuesday we have two
more days
video clip yeah so you know we're here
might as well like show you my room
so do you want to see it come up there
Justin you come down the hall featuring
my ugh with the whole I don't know if
you guys are ready for this are you
ready for this are you right here in it
some some some some some fun bump up
when you walk in this is what you see
here is my room yes there's a fireplace
which is so crazy to me we don't have to
use the fake fireplaces anymore I
located a filling we'll still use it
though I do have the bigger room
Ashley's totally okay with it don't
worry like we you know we talked about
it let that instill pure silver here she
fires me sick
let me over here easily cottage treat
fever white and one day out in
containers like this and then I
and slightly in the repair bill because
that make sense to me how can you have a
little reading nook like linear a rug to
appear plant nutrient plant love that
love pallet of vanity right here but
more easily didn't know the struggle
leaving makeup every morning I like
never I don't have like this doesn't
need a place to do it we don't have good
lighting and yeah when the wind is here
like if you serve it honestly
oh it looks so pretty probably big
bookshelf here and I have like these
fours here it's kind of like a balcony
but don't like a foot wide with the
probably fit like a plan but and it has
my room I know it's kind of like a lot
so put it that way just really wanted to
see it and I really just want to share
with you like the whole moving process
and obviously you're going to remember
one day that's all I can say hey guys so
a peak time it is currently at 7:16 p.m.
after the last clip that you saw Ashley
I ended up going to dinner we went and
got some sushi and you guys do so so
good it was really good sushi like extra
food and then we did some shopping but
honestly we didn't even buy anything we
went to Urban Outfitters and walked
around and they have some really cute
stuff but I'm telling you guys there's
so much cute clothes out right now so
because we're not really looking to buy
clothes and we'd rather buy like home
decor they're like we didn't buy
anything and here in a shopping mood go
to Urban Outfitters because they have
some really cute stuff we were going to
go edit out of cafe so we end up lying
to Starbucks and getting coffee but it
was so crowded so ended up just coming
back to the house to edit we're having
our first editing party at our jet we
don't have chairs so Ashley's using the
stool and it looks hilarious baby and
then I'm using this like lawn chair type
thing but I really hope that you guys
liked this vlog I'm actually going to
end it here because after we're done
with this we're going to head home and
go to bed pretty tired you so much for
watching I hope that you like my room
tour also can we talk about the fact
that I literally have food in my teeth
like the whole blog I was editing it
right now and I was like what the heck
how did I see that
know what's going on here I think I'm a
zip coming looks like that herpes the
hot mess in this log I love you guys
think you're watching and I'll see you
later hi
