good morning guys what is up
so today's Tuesday it is currently 11:53
a.m. morning was pretty usual so I just
finished getting ready for today I shall
figure out what I'm wearing but I did my
makeup I'm liking it I was doing a lot
of like the Kylie lip kit for a few
blogs in the road so I was like okay
today I feel like it's good just to kind
of do like a neutral everyday type of
gloss look what ever did I curled my
hair and I know it's kind of crazy right
now
I purposely haven't like I curled it and
hairspray to it but I'm gonna let it sit
before I like you know brush it out or
put my hands through it just so I can
like really keep the curl it works
really well if you just like let it sit
while you finish getting ready and then
once you're finally done just like rung
it can top run your fingers through your
hair it's good also I set up yesterday's
vlog it's finally showing you guys my
new closet I know everyone has been
dying to see this now I can show you me
getting ready in my closet honestly this
moving process has just been it so fun
for me so it's been really fun like
slowly showing you guys you know our new
placement tada I still show you my
bathroom I don't let her be today it
might be today or it's not what is it
breakfast yet so I'm going to go
downstairs and get some food I'm Willa
hungry sounds awesome
known to look la la la la you are so
cute she's in love Easter
I don't know I want give me some eggs
I wanted to avocado terrible grout about
oh no we have a heck job hmm yeah
my hair is actually okay I feel like I
can try to fix it a little bit we do
have an avocado which is very exciting
fun fact this is Ezekiel bread it's very
healthy bread that's like kind of really
trendy now because everyone knows about
it it's like organic and like really
healthy and stuff when Ashley and I were
in elementary school all of our friends
had like white Wonder bread like really
Bomb bread we had evil red I remember
all my friends having a Wonder Bread and
I was so jealous
because I had this cardboard tasting
stuff obviously now I really like it
super healthy for you too it's organic
and whole-grain bread I don't know I'm
why am i hugging bread whatever
boom avocado chips toes we got some
avocados we got some onion juice some
garlic and we have some pepper I got
some Tomatoes we're gonna see if you
guys thought yesterday's vlog you would
know that we went to Ikea and we also
went to Target and we got a whole bunch
of stuff was so late we didn't come home
till like 10:30 or 11:00 so I didn't
even bother showing you guys what we got
but I figured it's a perfect time to do
a haul so let's do it huge target in
IKEA home okay target in IKEA hall
mostly went for like towels and
organizational things obviously towels
as you can tell us honestly everything
that we got from Ikea is just bathroom
towels for like the guest bathrooms and
just you know towels like you need
towels and then from Target I mostly
needed supplies for some videos so those
are like all the supplies for like
videos coming up the first thing I'm so
excited for you guys saw are these mugs
and bowls I wish they had matching
plates and like a whole set for this
these are so freaking cute I need a new
agenda really bad so I got this one it's
actually a big one and I thought it
would look really good like in the
office and I really like having a lot of
space to write so like I love how the
months are super big and there's just so
much room to write got that then I got
some new pens go to Sharpie pen they're
just amazing I love these so obviously
got a stock up then I got this blanket
which I actually got for underneath the
clear table that I bought this little
basket and I want it on some blankets
just kind of to kind of like hang there
and stuff
then I got a new blanket because you can
never have too many blankets I got bath
mats from my bathroom and more child
from Target and then for my bathroom I
also got these vanity organizers because
the drawers are kind of deep so I think
that will help so so much I was going to
do it today and like organizing the
bathroom but I actually think I'm going
to do that tomorrow because today we're
filming all day and then for our pantry
we got few of these organizing bins
because there's so much empty space but
I feel like that'll really help yes that
is everything it's nice okay yeah I just
want to show you guys
boom and now should be home any second
so I'm going to put all this stuff away
we're going to start filming which I'm
really excited for because it's filming
our first video and just how I weave on
the videos rostov is my first time
filming a video for my channel in the
house and it's the first time filming
and I'm so excited it feels so nice to
find like we've always been talking
about when we move it'll be so much
easier like all the stuff and act like
we're finally here or friendly like
working and filming and I love it also I
don't know if you follow me on Twitter
or Instagram but hopefully you would
know that I was on the cover of vocal
wolf this month I am so happy with how
this turned out oh do you guys remember
a few vlogs ago I was doing this shoe
that I was really excited for but I
couldn't see what it was for yet
well that suit was for local wolves so I
have an article on me and I'm on the
cover this is my first magazine cover
I'm so excited I love it and so proud of
myself you guys I styled myself remember
while I'm shopping was making it or not
I have a shoot tomorrow actually so I
have yo clothes so I'm going to be
buying them
I was trying and I was like getting like
stressed out because I like had to find
some outfit yeah so this is so weird
speeching alicia marie woo and then look
at Alicia Marie oh you can buy a hard
copy like this or you can go see this
online I'm going to have the link to in
the downbar so exciting uh I love to
secure poses on Instagram so fun is it
so exciting uh-oh my name is Lily I need
your stock and my fingers actually stuck
like a lot of a queue
um oh my god look at my fingers stuck
for superglue I don't know what to do I
didn't nail pause for asking me I got
you so I do not run the water
shouldn't leak it looks residue Wow
oh I hope pray I bet my freaking
fingerprint
oh my fingerprint is on a food thing we
complete rubbish
can you nail both members of it we got
it my thing look my finger so smooth
because I swear it peeled a whole layer
of skin off like literally Oh literally
my fingerprint was on the can Oh
remember I told you that I ordered some
pictures from Urban Outfitters remember
that box well if you didn't do it I
totally did and they came to snap okay
we have two frames here oh this one's so
cute as I wish I got a bigger one that
that was so cute all these are on sale
so I'm like so excited about that oh I
forgot I caught this for Ana I love this
one too they all go together okay so I
kind of did forget that I got a really
big one so now I remember
yeah we have a palm tree good vibes and
a cactus I love it all someone's a huge
no wonder it was so simple
hey guys so at the time it is currently
of 10:57 p.m. tonight was really chill
ash and I honestly we did a lot of
cleaning I did filming today which was
great I'm not sure I'm going to think I
really so much of me filming today now
that I think about it sorry
