good morning guys ah come on guys I just
woke up and I color so soon oh so happy
Monday I hope your Monday is amazing
slash was amazing when you watching it I
was discoursing right now oh my god also
I put up yesterday's vlog well it's
actually the past two days I put that
vlog up so go watch it more moving vlogs
it's me like mostly unpacking my room
I'll make that later
good morning we got coffee good morning
you're blurry today
hey guys okay I'm doing my makeup and I
totally forgot about being into fee
stuff that they sent me so I was really
excited I ran downstairs and Darnell so
we have some lip glosses and I mostly
honestly want to try this highlighting
palette this thing is so gorgeous
I did a whole unboxing in yesterday's
vlog of all this I was like freaking out
because it legit smells like peaches and
I love peach oh my gosh okay anyways
here's the blush
oh my god gorgeous it's not as Norma I
don't really go for like peachy colors
but it seems really good mmm I just took
this darker shade and I put it kind of
like just like almond right there and it
like had so much and I already like I
brought this to my face so it's funny
how much adds even more
I feel like this highlight is one of the
few ones that actually look like it's
your skin where a lot of them look like
you're wearing a highlighter I swear
this one just looks like it's like
naturally glowy that make sense
hope this I'm using luscious it's just
like a really pretty kind of like a gold
when I can stamp it felt like all over
my lid and then I'm just going a little
bit of brown eyeshadow on my bottom lash
line but you guys make it as done and
I'm loving it today I don't know like
I'm I never really go for like gold
types of colors but I'm really liking it
I went with exposed before the Kylie lip
kit today if you didn't know I got like
a whole bunch of new ones so I'm just
testing all the different ones out my
first time trying exposed and I really
liked it especially with like the gold
eyeshadow I'm liking it I'm like Vega
now I'm going to put all of my makeup
away and start the day okay so I didn't
remember her I guess I did my hair I
couldn't breathe because honestly on
days that I don't film I really don't
like doing suits my hairs because I'm
you know I'm a real shirt because I
probably should change over I PJs but
then I was like but I kind of want to
change about PJs but then I also don't
I'm still wearing the CG bottom soles
also I've gotten so many common about my
closet I realized I haven't showed you
guys my closet yet so before you see it
you have to now have it
pack anything there was a vlog a while
ago when I was telling you guys you're
going to Ikea and we were shopping for
closet stuff I have a lot of clothes and
stuff but at that point I hadn't told
you guys that we are moving to a house
yet I didn't want to give it away too
much that I have this like huge huge
huge closet because I feel like that
would just like assume like we were
going to a house when I wanted not to be
surprised so I still haven't ordered
everything for it I'm hoping to go I get
tomorrow actually to like finish that up
but because I'm getting like different
organizers and stuff I don't want to
fully unpack my closet just to repack it
again to unpack it again once the other
stuff comes so stuff I haven't really
touched it but I know you guys have been
dying to see it I am in love with it I
just want to show you guys so this is my
room as you guys know and when you turn
around to go back outside like you know
downstairs and saw there's a door here
which is my clothes and you guys it's
still messy a morning out Canton Santa
finally hang all of my clothes again
don't mind the hole in my UGG when you
walk in there's this there's like a
little window over here which I love
because it actually makes it bright in
here and there's no this wall and then
when you turn there's two new guys oh my
gosh so there's like three huge walls of
just room for clothes so I'm excited
this thing is huge like it's actually
really big so yeah that is my closet I
know everyone's been wanting to see it
honestly I was debating not showing you
guys until it's all done just because I
wanted it to be done stuff I watch the
vlogs all the time of people's and I
would be dying to see it too so this is
my closet
it's absolutely messy but again I'm not
unpacking until I get the new closet
organizer just cuz I feel like it's such
like it's so pointless especially
because I'm trying to get the new ones
in like the next few days but yeah and
then from the window you can see the
backyard with the pool and stuff so I
thought that was cool yes that is my
very messy closet right now I cannot
wait until it's done it's going to be
like a huge transformation hey guys
we're currently and ICS we are coming to
get my closet organizer
I'm really excited for other random
little things so hopefully we can get
that so I'm trying to design my closet
but I'm having so much trouble so we're
going to try to find someone who can
help kind of know what I'm doing I feel
like I'm playing symbolically kind of
know what I'm doing but I also really
don't know it sure and there was a guy
right next to me and he did it no
problem so I'm like okay clearly it
can't be that hard usually I'm really
good at this stuff
no no come on like that so literally sat
at that computer for like an hour trying
to figure out my closet and totally like
failed so it just didn't work out much
but I can't adventure they're still
happening still happening we got some
towels and fast because you know when
guests come over like they could use
themselves so it'd be good and what else
are we doing and I think that's pretty
much here nice we're going to go to
Target it could need some supplies for
something this week we're in target now
who I was in my first time in a our new
target I'm so excited we are getting
some random stuff clearly been what else
is yeah we're shooting supplies for
videos for this week I'm excited bottom
expenses built starts only in our house
love doing it I need to go to the
kitchen section saying we had IT
adventures and Target adventures in the
same vlog like this is just great for
looking at blankets just because we can
honestly there's no reason I like this
one it feels like home it'll come okay
currently looking for towels and bath
towels and stuff for our bathroom so I
think I honestly just want white oh I
like that one unless I do otherwise I'd
like even more hmm hmm
I like this one too oh man I don't know
which one I should do the one dowon's I
have look more like older though guys
I'm really torn I don't know which one
to get I feel like this one this one's
more soft and fluffy but I feel like
it's more like sophisticated and like
older vibes you know but this one's more
like fun it might seem more like urban I
think I think this one's cheaper so I
came over to the like bathroom section
to get organizers and look what I found
glamour caddy a little bit so for my
bathroom drawers you're like kind of
deep so I really need some like stuff
like this to help organize because right
now everything is just like moving
around like crazy tomorrow I'm going to
that's going to be my goal to like
reorganize everything trying to decide
if I should get some like this this
one's kind of cool
now in the planner section because it's
a new year and I kind of could use a
planner so I got one okay
oh and then you guys I have been
obsessed I've been obsessed with these
pens the Sharpie pens if you're
wondering like when I post some of those
like doodling a snapchat it was with
those and they're amazing so I got more
of those guys our cart right now kind of
instance we saw the few more things we
need on the list so I'm sitting here
running around Target finding up to noon
that we need for videos what police are
doing red-handed not working they were
just so cute on weird looking hello
gorgeous up and then look at just no no
no put this in your hand this is a
perfect cut terrific cup and then look
at all the bowl we needed to know I took
I was going to get like ten but then I
was like okay now I should get like six
so that's a good number sets yes sir can
you open one of the ropes plenty of cart
anyways I found it in this vlog I love
you so much and I'll see you tomorrow
with a new end and yes oh look hey guys
so it is the next morning and I realized
I totally forgot to end this vlog so I'm
so sorry
but I'm about to upload that literally
right now so I will see you guys really
soon don't mind how amazing my hair
looks right now I'm about to get ready
so we can Saturday and stuff anyways I
love you guys and I'll see you tomorrow
with a new vlog bye
