good morning guys
just kidding good afternoon so started
this morning I meant to but I realized I
didn't charge my battery last night I
had to charge this morning so I was like
no I wanted today it's like to be like
me waking up and the new my new room but
everything but yeah I think it up
yesterday's vlog and you guys are loving
it
thank you so much for all your sweet
comments I've been reading them all
morning we're about to leave the house
right now so we've now flipped over
I don't think apartment we have some
errands to do we're going to go to Best
Buy because we want to figure out how we
can well I think we're going to get a
new TV and then get it mounted with
figure out how we can do that going to
go to Target because there's a whole
bunch of random like cleaning supplies
we need and then we also have to go to
Lowe's I believe so it's going to be the
typical when you first move in all so
random stuff for you to buy type of blog
cleaning supplies all that fun stuff
I think Kit Kats going to come over
later the size of that you guys I did my
makeup at my desk this morning and it
was amazing and yes I am wearing a Kylie
lip kit this one this is moon and I
swear I thought it was going to be more
of like a light gray it's like pretty
dark on me shoutout to everyone who said
you like Malibu on me that meant so much
because I don't really wear lip products
that much but yeah I mean I'm liking it
so I'm gonna place it guys I did Terry's
makeup today too
it looks so good it looks really good
and you're wearing Malibu I thought moon
looks like that and I thought Malibu
look like this I guess like a waiter way
darker I am you look so pretty so we are
starting our Aaron's adventure it's so
bright I don't know if you can tell
first off is low weight a mailbox we've
got a mailbox very excited about that we
need a few more random things Ashley
wants to name this tree Bruce but I
think it should be Bertha what do you
think name our plant below it's a girl
it's definitely a girl and then what
time I got that one too just kidding we
aimed at Palmer because it's the palm
okay so he's pretty much of everything
that we're going to get from Lowe's we
got some plants we got a hose and a
mailbox and just like random little
stuff okay so while Ashley and Taryn get
started at Target my dad and I are
walking over to Best Buy to see how we
can like mount the TV and stuff and then
see if we want to get me on because
their other one kind of
so finicky like it's kind of breaking
right now I'm going to fill these up and
kind of decorate this space and then we
still have the these panels that I got
these from Pier one forever ago and they
were in the first apartment the second
apartment and they're here now I love to
you so they're going to go on both sides
of the window yeah what are we doing be
gone oh shoot we took pictures to show
from makeup that Alicia did
good morning guys I am so sorry I'm not
sure if this is day 2 in this vlog I had
enough footage yesterday put up a blog I
said I honestly like I was playing I'm
not uploading today a vlog because
honestly I was trying to give us today I
don't think I got like any footage
sometimes when I edit it I'll look back
and be like oh we accent had more
footage than I thought cat is here oh my
god I'm so happy she wanted to come and
see the house oh I'm so sad that she's
here and Ashley is actually drumming
today a table got delivered you might
have seen it don't you know it's just
like simple but I love it thank you
I love and then we'll put some stuff
here they had a bigger one and I almost
got that one but I feel it yeah I wanted
to put like like even like a little pouf
or something but it's just like this
little clear acrylic table got some new
home Zecora guys this is from CBT if
you're wondering actually really like
that store now that I think about it I
feel like I have a lot of things that I
keep ordering from there so like this is
from that this table is from there the
living room is coming together we ended
up switching like this mirror that we
got so like a little basket of some
blanket and then yesterday it loads
those trees that we got put one here and
then we need to get a pot for it but
we'll get back my bay high fat your bone
she can love that thing it's so gross
and then this is the other one that we
got and I love this one I think it's so
cute so so yeah TV still mounted it
won't be for like a week but that's okay
the care is getting mounted on Wednesday
so I'm so excited for their little home
update Kat and I are taking some
pictures because Kit Kat has a block the
ice and vlogs out of habit
Oh because Pickett has a blog if you
guys didn't up it's called cats taking
it so cute it's all like food-related in
like oh it's time for some coffee
oh this is the first time of me well
I've made coffee already but the first
time vlogging me making coffee I'm very
excited
what cup do we want we need to organize
this still we're going to go with this
song I got rid of the humble Keurig
spinner thing because we felt like it
was too crowded so we put them in the
drawer
oh yes so excited so see we got this new
creamer and coconut milk coffee creamer
again pretty good mahal oh so beautiful
yeah that was super productive that
makes me happy oh I got my main channel
video up I forget if I told you guys
that we're good if I told you guys
thank you no that's so cute love it that
could be like oh my that could be like a
book cover like a cook like crazy TN
unit a mean the Sun coming through model
status so that's not cute um how can
they find your blog cat takes calm so to
get I wish I could blog I actually have
a blog you do max maybe 11 dot blog
spot.com 7 posted in years I have like 3
so look it up I'm not getting it's
literally the most embarrassing thing
ever I can't I don't remember my
password so I can't delete it I've tried
so hard to delete it it's so embarrassed
you're gonna laugh so hard this was like
in high school oh my god when was my
last time it would she doesn't surgery
generally don't suffer a great fashion
for the price because great fashion
doesn't have to be expensive oh my god
cringe-worthy I did makeup one for a bit
oh yeah Wow no I wanted it to be like
editorial so I purposely made it to be
like doll like it's how to get like doll
eyes it wasn't like I don't actually be
my blush like that don't worry well I
are always very popular
whether it's very dramatic for a
Halloween party or a toned-down version
port every day oh my god yours is whiter
than mine lava a big time is a little
bit later cat actually just black secret
it's a great time put on some makeup
this is my first time vlogging with my
new vanity I really just put my desk
against this window and then I have all
of my makeup right here I'm not sure if
it's going to stay like this but it's
definitely going to be like this for a
bit I feel like because it kind of kind
of makes sense I don't really know where
else to do my makeup it's up okay don't
you
back my hair I'm getting really hungry I
have to have lunch so I think I'm going
to go get some lemonade because that
sounds amazing
hey Teebs for everyone wondering Chloe
has adjusted really well do we get out
of here babe I think we cool we got food
I am so excited you guys so excited if
you haven't had it you have to try their
blood orange lemonade you guys it's bomb
it's amazing fun fact we accidentally
left our pans and silverware at the
apartment Ashley was going to go pick
them up today so we can't really cook
anything so I got a few extra sides for
later in case like a hungry later the
last few times I've been here I got the
shaved Brussels sprouts is like dates
this thing is really good I like really
really like this one got two sides of
the pineapple chicken spicy pineapple
chicken I don't notice this is like
their number one seller and it's mine
and Ashley's favorite so I got one for
Ashley for later then I got some tomato
and avocados because this one's really
good oh no they only gave me one dang it
I think right now I'm going to have the
chicken and the Brussels sprouts and I
think I'm going to save everything else
your later you guys guess what is here I
already unboxed it but I haven't unboxed
it all the way because I was like wait I
need you guys but choose mason over the
biggest package ever you see this also
if you can tell this is a peach yay
quick unboxing they came out with this
new peach palette that legit smells like
people I can't accompany I guess they
came out with this new palette and Nicki
actually told me about it and said it's
amazing so I was so excited to see it
was here oh my god legit smells like
peaches this is so pretty
I cannot wait to do my makeup tomorrow
oh my god then they have what is this
peach infused blush and peach infused
highlighting palette oh my god
Gorge that is the whole freakin gritty
goals goals so don't mind my horrible
swatches or my failed attempt at being
Kylie Jenner and her lip kits and stuff
but there's all the colors super pretty
obviously it's the red and the orange
are a little intense for me but all the
other ones are super pretty but yeah
that's so exciting thank you two-faced I
am going to be really excited to do my
makeup tomorrow yep sucking continues
okay comment below if you remember me
making this DIY in a video like last
year
here are the urban outfitter pictures
okay so we used to figure out where we
want to hang the whole and then just on
the first roll of night in the fuse my
ram is honestly like pretty good the
only thing is I still have some boxes to
figure out what we're going to do with
these okay so I got some boxes haha this
is my closet
oh my god I was like with this awesome
it's just me but it's kind of weird
like I remember blogging packing that
and is logging unpacking it kind of
weird now should be okay right there
this type people doesn't even go here
all this others just kind of random
thinking I'm going to be not in there
yay
seriously forgetting where everything
would oh it's funny though because I
guess he doesn't have to go the same way
that it was I can totally change that
you know so like I think about it this
is imagine yay guys I finally feel like
I'm making progress
say I had the hardest time decorating
like my desk at our desk what am i talk
about decorating on the top of my
dresser this is what I ended up being us
we can plant - I don't know it's looking
a little sad I think it got kind of bent
in the move possible but er I don't know
I had the hardest time with it so this
is what it is for now I'm going to
figure out what I want to do with my
room and change it later but for now
that looks good so much progress I'm so
excited so much progress hey guys so
it's a lot later and I just want to end
this vlog also apologize that my lips
like I look sick is like completely off
anyways I just went in this vlog I love
you so much and I'll see you tomorrow
with a new one and yes
