good morning guys this one though good
morning guys Associates Thursday it's
not a little bit a little bit of a rough
start sorry fits TM I literally have
been period and like cramping so bad
this morning I've been laying her right
there like an hour hurts really bad it's
really bad it's disgusting but it's like
our rice off thing so it's like a
heating pad thing and it's like I hope
so okay well I hope that's my back today
it honestly everything kinda worked out
though because we were gonna film and
then I decided not to and that we would
just clean the apartment and stuff so it
worked out because if I tried to film I
be even more upset because I can't right
now
oh yeah it's going to come over for
lunch we actually haven't seen her since
before Christmas and soon went
snowboarding still haven't given each
other our Christmas presents so we're
going to have a mini like Christmas
present party she's gonna come over a
little bit we're going to hang out night
we're supposed to go to Disneyland I'm
hoping that could still happen I said
sure I feel like I'll feel better by
then also I was working on a vlog I got
a little sidetracked because I just
liked it feel good but all I have left
to do is just some nails so I guess I
should finish that right now I like a
marshmallow ready we are about to public
the vlog Velma
might get another dog yeah yeah so it is
up and now I'm going to turn that down
first of all going to you were part of
your guys's comments and yes I'm pretty
excited I always love when the vlog gets
up I just feel so much flatter no I like
it still good you were like all on it
like the day before and then you feel
like yes and sorry that one kind of
ended funny I was planning on filming
and that next day and then I totally
didn't so I didn't even really say bye
like the proper way
hey there we go what makeup is done I
did it so unbelievably natural today
like one of those days I really don't
even care actually I was kind of like
this yesterday too
I just like don't care to get all
dressed up this in my dad's jacket I
totally borrowed it the other day
yesterday morning I put it on just to do
my makeup cuz I was cold
what are we ended up wearing it the
entire day an entire day and I had this
like meeting thing I had to go do - yeah
looks like today is kind of like that do
you guys guess I guess I guess I know I
guess just good just just guess what I
am going to give you exactly three full
no five goals very long seconds to guess
what I'm about to tell you and comment
below comb your guts
1 Mississippi 2 Mississippi 3
Mississippi 4 Mississippi and 5 misses
ready ready ready
can you tell can you get so hopefully I
really really hope you can hear may not
be using my new camera oh my god you
guys new camera please tell me it looks
good please tell me you like it I'm
going to cry it's not because this thing
I have had for about 2 years now I'm so
brutal on cameras the lens this thing
has been every earth me so this little
guy has seriously been do so much he's
been to Thailand hey going to Thailand
oh my goodness okay so so pretty he's
been to Tokyo
he's into Europe going to Paris
we made it to the Eiffel Tower you came
on okay we got like five minutes missing
can't you picture he's been around the
country twice for two national tours
good morning
cool I just want to take some time and
thank you canon g7x for being there for
me for two years we're putting up me and
all the times I've just neglected you
and have thrown you anywhere and I've
dropped you marks and dings sorry for
never fixing your lens bar thank you for
stepping up my blog channel game for you
I use an iPhone good morning guys I was
yes see my nails said my jam right
Google wheat white fellas are out stay
by and if you remember those vlogs shout
out to you because you are the real MVP
for sticking through a really bad luck
guy so fun I love this camera I still
have to play with settings so bear with
me if there's a couple of logs that are
like to overexpose or to underexpose or
too much color not enough are like
there's so many different settings that
i want to play with so bear with me
Coffee is a great thing I got a new
camera I see that you like it I mean I
like what I seen the actual screen good
oh my god you're bein I got things guys
I really like it I asked everyone if I
should get them some people said knows
people said yes but I decided yet
update on moving we officially have a
day so we are moving next week that's
weird to say I can't doing like I had so
much time before we actually move so I
feel like it was too much to talk about
moving so much so now that I think about
it oh no hug like remember we from today
like now he was with a week in the March
well oh my god we have like a week this
is crazy want to start not happy but
like decluttering so my goal for today
is to go through my closet so let's do
it
find stuff that I haven't worn in like
if you want no I'm constantly getting
rid of clothes but what I usually do is
I think to myself have I won this in the
past few months is there a good reason
why I haven't worn it and if there's not
a good reason then I just
of the way I'm like someone else could
use this I have too many clothes this I
actually want to return because I didn't
wear it this skirt I bought this skirt
last year before going on to him and I
wore it only like once or twice and the
reasoning is my butt just does not fit
under this thing like this when I wear
this is way too short and I wish it was
just like a few more inches longer
because it's so cute going keep or toss
Coachella is coming up to him a little
too soon I'm probably going to violence
but is that exist yeah but like there's
collect hotel is coming up soon I got to
keeper toss it's not the keeper toss top
okay flat round the same page
keep and read is Lily I'm gonna give it
to you though because I haven't wanted
so I'm keeper top of number one the pool
cover up to top I haven't worn it in
this social I wore it so much but I
haven't worn in so long
oh I wasn't in Thailand on the top I
think you're going to get ah I keep
wanting to find a way to wear this
because it's so cute but every time I
like wear it it doesn't but I feel like
there has to be a way where this is one
cute alright if I don't wear this by the
next time I clean out my closet it's
gone
it's going to get really vacations I
haven't worn this at all this season yet
and I said I would save it for winter
and I haven't worn it yet managed to
show you yo pop bed rest huh it's so
cute yes
alright now it was goodbye jacket I've
warned you something you guys know
really I haven't this is redone I
haven't worn anything it's not so pain
no I listened okey this is like
lightness or timing you are those
blessed that you like those are like
pain
does that not look so cute I love
cardigans what's not so keen and keeping
keep it keep it
yes or no Meah you're watching this
remember when I wore this every day of
my life time program I bought these and
I barely wore them because they give me
the worst blisters like ever
honestly I'm sure I could like actually
sell a lot of this stuff and make money
like these are brand new I just got the
wrong sides and I never returned them
like that sucks but they probably want
to go
Nordstrom has a bomb return policy they
literally still have the tags on them
I'm going to try return these oh my god
that's $45 I'm going to try literally
brand new the tag is still on it it's
like brand new look at all of that
progress yo I wouldn't do everything up
here and then I went through some shoes
okay is it just me or is this like
weirdly therapeutic for you guys to
watch because when I watch people like
declutter their closet makes me feel
like I do cluttered my closet
I'm hoping this motivates you guys to go
through your stuff because yes now I'm
going to go through my dresser drawers
oh so much stuff okay yeah I haven't
seen each other since before Christmas
this is a this is my gift to her and
this is my gift you guys writing is
always first it's working look at that
this is this okay particular cat really
just wanting but Nike valve wow I love
coffee is like liquid French all right
look look what they've done to you mom
oh my god I hope you know yoga with me
so I saw a French pack
read me Merry Christmas
I've actually been wanting a backpack
yes may miss man Thank You sis writing
them goals of goals of goals
Dulli that bad KitKat oh my god I also
wear this with screen time yes no
morning yeah we're going to Disneyland
Sawyer we're going to Disney California
Adventure because this guy closes early
tonight
how are you closes at 8:00 it's
currently like almost 6:00 so we have
two hours of magic two hours decided are
you my own camera lady the practice
closing early exciting we were very
upset about it because it never closes
this early the ticket guy said circles
in the park early for celebrities and
then in walk around freely were like I'm
so curious what celebrities they are so
everyone like soft Twitter Veni one was
at Disneyland tonight let me know who
because I'm literally going to go on a
search to figure out who it is we're
going to go on a sinking the roller
coaster I'm thinking Zorn over the world
so they haven't been on the world one
I've only been on the California wine
found paradise here sniffing match what
are those light poles magic what is this
war we're working on advancing all magic
it is all magical magic magic magic what
right are we going on right now roller
coaster than Cory Story Mania and I both
duty 5 full knives Oh soaring and then
convince our
we're going on the swings we're going on
the swing
fun fact next time you come to
Disneyland purposely go on rides you
would like usually never go on and
you'll have the absolute best time of
your life so much fun swings were so
much fun and now we are headed to cars
gradiated strain on my favorite I think
we're going to edit a single rider
citizen pages on them
park is closing like any man any are
going to head home we had a lot of fun
even though this was life even though we
only have like two hours or so it was a
good well and probably coming try
chillin oh we're back at the apartment
and cool mom is here I love and now who
anyways I was going to finish editing
this vlog right now so I can put it up
in the morning thank you guys so much
for watching this vlog I'll see you
tomorrow with new vlog yes you think
that's all it oh you guys know super
