good morning guys and welcome to today's
vlog vlog vlog very old college today's
comment been a lazy morning it's almost
10:00 and I've been laying in bed
literally been laying in bed on lining
but at school I did however adjustment
my vlog so that's exciting it's a huge
Kylie cosmetics haul and unboxing you
guys if you didn't see my snapchat or
this vlog they sent me like the biggest
hair package ever look at it yeah you
need to watch that that vlog wasn't
really too much like a moving vlog but
don't worry because today is definitely
a moving vlog this is the last morning
I'm going to wake up like lazy in bed
here tomorrow which get up early start
our packing day mmm that is crazy
we're actually going to get breakfast
with my mom and dad because they're
going to help us out today
hello Chloe are you excited for tomorrow
tomorrow's the big day
good morning hey guys so I practiced was
really good I ended up sitting there and
talked for like the longest time ever
but we're back at the apartment there's
so much to do today
number one is laundry I think I
literally have like four you're four
loads of laundry to do need a pack need
to edit have to go get random stuff it's
going to be crazy first I think I'm
gonna put some makeup on just so I can
but the micron and I'm really excited to
play with some of this new Kylie
cosmetics makeup that they sent if you
saw beautiful so excited that so
possibly candida diet right now I'm
sorry so I figured I would try out the
hi shadow palette the bronze palette
from Kylie cosmetics I've never tried
their eyeshadows before I know this came
out like a wat whoo I know this came out
a while ago but I figured I would still
show you guys because you guys seem to
really like yesterday's vlog why don't I
go so I'm not letting my makeup to be
like too crazy today but we'll we'll see
how am I going to keep it pretty neutral
but let's just like try it out you know
if this guy kind of ooh
they're pretty dang pigmented it's
definitely more pigmented than I thought
why do I have the hiccups doesn't feel
chalky either like it's blending really
well I love that the matte highlight is
life I love that like so not gonna lie I
didn't think it would be this good like
I really I really really like it like
the colors so pigmented literally don't
know what happened it goes oh my god
then I really really want to try out one
of the lift kit like one of the new ones
let's try Malibu excited I remember
always wanting to buy this and when I
when it came out
I love how they smell like vanilla like
a vanilla cupcake and it's amazing
I feel like I don't look like me okay so
this is Malibu I remember when it came
out like everyone wanted it and it still
doubts keeper clinic and I actually
really like the color it's definitely
not something I would normally wear like
I mean you guys my bog so you know I
feel like this is a lot but I like it
I definitely like it yeah this is what
it looks like on that my skin tone but
this is what it looks like in the bottle
but yeah that is a that is that much
testing a fact
Oh packing is going good going good
laundries in the washer I'm trying to
clean okay so everything is going super
smooth getting stuff done boxes packed
my room is probably the worst right now
but I'm doing laundry lunch in the
washer dude Ashley has it down on high
your room is one thing out of here we
have brilliance Lee says yay Oh
so overall packing is going really well
yay so Chloe was currently getting her
hair done so my dad and Ashley went to
go pick her up and I think they're going
to make a Starbucks run I'm going to
take a break from packing and I'm going
to try my hardest to bust out editing
this video my main channel video for
this week because I know I have in my
head what I envision what I want it to
be I probably shouldn't have done such
an elaborate video I'm like moving
weekend figured if I can get most of the
editing done now then I can actually
enjoy the weekend you know cause like
it's so exciting I want be able to like
sit and enjoy and like slowly unpack I
just don't wanna have to be worried
about getting my video done like the
entire weekend it's so weird seeing
these bookcases empty I remember putting
them up so this literally just came like
10 minutes ago and Ashley's not here but
under sided I'm going to try to put this
together myself anyways because I think
I can do it I love these there's from
cb2 if you're ever curious its 347 my
guess is I'll be sitting here to like
stick something no joke
honestly daily vlogging has been pretty
easy for me so far the only hard part is
when I have a main Channel video to edit
and a vlog to edit and that's going to
get stressed out so yeah
kaalia what boyle flowey these bows are
too much three stop it music so pretty
oh oh dang if you ever looking for
someone to blame for my caffeine
addiction it's my mom
yeah so you know how I said I would be
your till 6:30 currently nine nine pm I
am only halfway done with the video but
it's good because I didn't even think I
would get half done tonight so the fact
that I have half of the entire video and
the thumbnail done is amazing so I think
I might edit this vlog just to kind of
change up what I'm editing can I have
like a mullah real quick it does not
feel like we are moving tomorrow I'm not
going to lie I'm a little nervous I love
living in Orange County I love my little
bubble here so it's going to be an
adjustment
I'm definitely way more excited than
nervous zoic I'm just like a little bit
nervous and I know it's where we're
supposed to be right now like I know
just know hi babe so are we babe sorry
excited go your new home exactly new
home look at the apartment
you
