good morning guys
what is that today's Wednesday June or
25th I think is January 10th of it I
never know what day it is but that's
nothing new you guys already know that
so I'm currently in the target parking
lot because we have absolutely no food
in the house obviously you know we're
moving in today so we were trying not to
like buy a whole bunch of groceries and
you're like you know what we have but I
think we just like didn't plan it right
because it look like no food and we're
so tired of eating out so we're like
okay I should get some food so that
target can I get some food Ashlee's
working on a voiceover and yeah there's
actually some other random stuff we need
yeah target adventures for a party of
one cuz I'm by myself
that is cool so yeah let's uh let's do
it
Coris have kind of a home decor section
to go okay yes there's such a stuff here
there are some really really really keep
that here like this ladder Spears either
stretch keep that like that plant is so
cute
these pillows a love it's all so cute I
can't okay wait so I saw this plant and
I love it if you do so here kind of
debating getting it not gonna lie I
would think these are so cool these like
stone things okay it still hasn't that
Nina are moving in like two days
seriously okay to date these ones day
and a nurse Thursday and then Friday
move a morning
okay so I got some groceries I'm trying
to remember Ashley wanted me to get
something and I oh pretty bird
some got the good ok sanella we're going
to head home and make some breakfast
because I'm starving
may aggression home
you got some Greek yogurt we have some
salad and you have some banana update
time it is currently currently 1:20 p.m.
on o if you can tell but I got my lashes
redone and they finally look so much
better I'm really excited about that I
did them a little like more wispy this
time so yeah don't mind the fact that
I'm wearing absolutely no makeup
actually actually have to our
appointment now and it takes about like
an hour sometimes a little more but it
is really pretty like hiking like trails
and stuff across the street so I'm gonna
go for a walk that's it I feel like I've
never blogged me going for a walk
because I don't
I swear sometimes I forget how important
it is just to like get outside you know
I mean you guys I got it very very very
very very very exciting package yes this
is a package from Kylie cosmetics and
you've watched my blog for that you know
I actually have a few kind of lip kit
and I love them and they reached out one
to send me some and the sauces you'd
sort of really excited to see what's in
here this is probably one of the most
exciting unboxings ever done because I
never thought they would ever like know
that I exist and like wanna send me
stuff like what I wonder what it is I
wonder what it is I don't know I've only
tried lips Ted I haven't tried like
palettes or oh it's the makeup bag
well there's stuff in it this is
actually a really nice bag oh my god
they have the oh my god the bronze
palette then oh my god there is ginger
exposed and malibu lip kit oh my god i
never mind probably all of these I
literally like I'm not wearing makeup
and I was like a hobo today I don't feel
worthy I'm kidding Oh ass you're gonna
love this and the second box is another
makeup bag and this one has the burgundy
palette oh my god okay then this one has
the burgundy palette which obviously
I'll use that one more and then three
more lip kit and moon brown sugar and
leo
I don't I don't notice a genuinely don't
know what to say this is the biggest
like kind of all I've ever done in my
life
Kylie Hall itself and honey so there's
the burgundy palette and then it clears
the bronze palette side by side
brandy bronze oh hey guys update have
it's been so long you guys are like what
is going on you actually have makeup on
I actually think about currently twelve
at twenty and midnight the only reason
why I look somewhat Brazil smooth it but
it was the only reason why I look
somewhat presentable right now is
because we filmed the video and I am
very excited with how it turned out the
footage looks amazing like I'm not gonna
lie it's weird seeing me wear makeup
because I haven't worn this much makeup
in a really long time I'm kinda liking
it noctem my farm is like dang why
didn't I film earlier to where I could
have like actually worn this all day
because now I don't want to go to bed
like I literally have like a full face
of makeup and I have to take it off and
go to bed and I'm kind of sad about that
get excited because tomorrow is our very
last day in the apartment before we move
because we're moving Friday so yeah oh
my gosh it's like it's so sentimental
yeah I love you guys thank you for
watching bye
