we're gonna guys what is up and welcome
to the vlog today's Friday happy Friday
you guys first day I'm feeling a hundred
percent better we're good now yeah oh my
gosh so he's gonna be a pretty chill day
I just wanted to start getting ready
because because yes let's do that
also low-key like I'm so extra I had all
this set up from yesterday from filming
so when I was getting ready right now
it's like wait wait why don't I bring
the rain light so we can have some good
bomb lighting or vlogging wait let's
turn it up let's see if it looks even
better just means like a little there we
go see you like I should just always
leave a light there if you like because
no it's just like anyways anyways okay
so yesterday I told you guys I use the
lemare foundation and I felt like I
liked it so we're gonna use it again
today
okay let's me fun that was a horrible
snack I was still horrible snack and
makeups done so this is what we got
going on today it's a very neutral type
of look big shocker nothing crazy so
yeah I think I'm going to change and
charge my battery cuz it's flashing and
that's not good and yet we have a little
filming today should be good update time
it's a little later and surprise we got
all my thumb and down already I really
didn't have much it was like the easiest
thing ever to do it's already got that
time and look who's here
I feel like we lean over No
I'm sorry I did you dirty okay I feel
like every vlog ever I'm like yes genre
he's over we're chillin it kind of feels
like Friday to me which makes me really
excited because no yeah like it feels
like a Friday I love when it feels like
the weekend and it's like really awesome
anyways John Murray so hear me out I
want to hear your thoughts on this okay
come here come come okay so don't you
hate that this room just is so bright
and we're like hardly ever in here right
and don't you hate how the office is
really can you picture it what's going
in the dining room which like that's
what it's been for anyway do you love it
like really okay wait picture there's so
much more space and it can be like a
sitting lounge like work area and this
could be like desks we were thinking
about it we're like well we can always
move it back because like I've enjoyed
love for the speed wallpapered I feel
like all the time I move from the office
and here to work and these like this
isn't comfortable so imagine like a desk
right Free People it's the super sequiny
one that I love and then I'm wearing the
shirt from forever 21 that I literally
have worn like a bajillion times it was
seven bucks and I talked about it every
time that I wear it that it was some
bucks hands are from Urban Outfitters
they're like capri ones ish yes shoes
are nike and bag is from and other
stories yeah yeah
Oh after you look cute thank you I got
ready because I want to take a picture
of my new shoes today you I think we're
there when I got these I was I meant all
of you guys then you remember let's get
food guys guess where we're going in
three two
what yes yes you guessed right we're
getting sushi big surprise big surprise
we'd always consumed
what do we watch I was telling a Shinjo
Maria thought this this is already great
because I'm lining up how many times
they talked about lighting in like one
o'clock someone counts because it's
something ridiculous
anyways I'm really hungry so I get some
sushi
we got some sushi alright tough
happy dance we got some soosh it looks
great we're gonna eat and we'll update
soon oh my god that was so good with the
boxes I didn't get this I spent so much
time a lot of sushi I know it's cold
yo guys do you remember not in this car
door but do you remember when I always
took my Instagram photos in front of our
white groj door at the apartment I'm a
little bean right now friends you know
what time it is guys what is that we are
doing a haul for you guys I ordered this
from ASOS a little over a week ago and
honestly I've been waiting to open it so
I could've blog it for you guys oh I'm
so excited because it's been sitting in
my office for like five days now so are
we ready kids
try to do like a remix version but I was
like that's too much work okay oh my
gosh I honestly didn't forget what I
ordered so we're about to find out
together well the first thing I see oh
okay is this yellow sweater I think I
own one yellow shirt it's a long sleeve
crop turtleneck from misguided I thought
it was so cute so it looks like that and
I really like it probably gonna wear
this tomorrow my neck ribbed crop jumper
that's what it's called from misguided
yes
super cute I have nothing like it like
at all it's totally think of Adeline I
get adilyn vibes like no other cuz
yellow and yes oh I ordered this bathing
- I honestly bought all this stuff I
think it was midnight on the app when I
was in bed just like laying so I really
have no idea what I bought this looked
cute cuz that has like a six bear oh my
god so cute
so that's the top and then the bottoms
are like opposite bacon same but
different that's so cute
hopefully it fits I feel like I'm kind
oh and this is from pretty little thing
I haven't done a hog oh my god I got
that I got this notebook from Kate Spade
this is so you guys know I'm obsessed
with stationery obsessed with office
stuff obsessed with notebooks pens
pencils highlighters all that stuff it
kind of looks like it would be textured
or like fabric or something but it's a
little just like straight-up plastic
that's okay but like so cute it's just
bright ideas like I need anymore
notebooks but we got another two but
then I got some shoes correction I got
some sandals I got white slides I have
some slides they're black love them to
death but these are some Calvin Klein
ones that are white and I think they're
so cute and I feel like I can just wear
them all the time seriously if you don't
own sandals like this you really should
get something because they're so quick
and easy you can just slip them on
they're trendy right now so like those
are so cute do my voice really crack
that bad right now yeah it definitely
did bad those are cute okay the next
thing that I got oh okay so I got this
sweatpants they're like jogger
sweatpants and they're light blue so
cute these are from cheap Monday and
then they say cheap Monday on one of the
legs so I thought that was super cute oh
that could be really cute with this
yellow top I see it I see it and then
the last thing that I got is this shirt
oh this is so soft this is from neon
rose but it's just a graphic tee and it
says a toilet I've no idea
I don't even know what this means it's
kind of bad that like this literally
could mean something really dirty like
bad and I would have no idea but I'm
like oh it's cute i'ma wear it I'll look
it up but this material is so soft I'm
always looking for new just graphic tees
that are super cute so yes we got that
guy's I realized I've seriously never
done any type of filming with this
background and then I kind of had an
off-center so that kind of sucks but
wait I should have done this whole hall
standing oh my god we thought it'd been
so cute okay next time next time and
then I can have the pink sign-on oh okay
but we got some super cute stuff I think
I'm gonna lay everything out so we can
see it totally oh it means star it means
star in French now I know what that
means yeah now when people ask me I'll
know that it means star and it doesn't
mean anything bad oh my god also you
guys I got a package today at rama
wildflower and I want to show you the
phone cases that they sent me I'm
assuming these are some of their new
phone cases this one's like a heatwave
one which is super cool to like rainbow
this one's really cool too white and
gold and it has this really cool design
on it and then there's this pink Geo one
which I thought was so cute so I might
change out my phone case so I'm actually
gonna bring these over to add to the ha
so here's a little overview of
everything that I got and um I think
it's really cute I hope this swimsuit
works out because the guys Loki I was
looking at this and the bottoms are kind
of like really really see through you
guys time someone was at the door and I
get it and there are the beautiful
balloons there and then I knew exactly
what they were the second that I like
saw balloons and stuff but my parents
sent balloons for my family my family
didn't although I'm assuming my mom
called because like I know she has like
a balloon guy who does like these
balloons like somewhere and I like but
like that sounds so funny so I come home
and there's these gorgeous blue
that are so freaking cute there's a
seven and an M for hitting 7 million
subscribers it's like I didn't realize I
even like was close to 7 million
subscribers like I knew I was gonna hit
it sometime soon but I didn't realize
how soon thank you so much like I
honestly see this every single time that
I hit a milestone because I know it's
not about numbers it's not about that at
all honestly but I can't put my head
around the fact that that many people
even care to subscribe or watch my
channel or like that's crazy like I feel
like I literally do this speech every
time but it's true like even a hundred
thousand that's so many people I'm talk
about a hundred thousand it's like seven
million which I really can't comprehend
oh my god oh my god I can't like aah
thank you guys so much look at cinema
for a little second honestly a thousand
percent you guys are amazing and I know
everyone says that their viewers are the
best but like know like my subscribers
are honestly the absolute freaking best
you've honestly changed my life so much
and I feel like I just don't deserve you
guys like I wouldn't have liked this
house if it wasn't for you guys to like
watching and supporting my videos I just
like so much of my life has changed
because of YouTube and you guys like I'm
just so forever grateful that you guys
even care to watch my vlogs or care
watch my channel and support me even
like throughout the years I'm sure
there's been times where you don't love
my videos as much as you used to but
like you'll still watch in support and
that means so much to me I just I love
you guys
I hope you know and thank you mom and
dad and Ashley for sending me balloons
and it's not about the numbers oh wow
okay the Sun is going down to have a
little sad but I didn't know if it
changed us I would love see a photo with
these balloons before they deflate yeah
Ashley do you mind taking a photo of me
take it I'm gonna set you right there
update time it is 7:30 p.m. on the dot
right now awesome so I'm currently
sitting here editing my video that's
going up on Sunday I've really excited
for it I actually have a shoot Sunday so
I can't edit on Sunday and get it up so
I have to edit tonight and tomorrow so
hopefully I can get it done I'm just
rambling so much in this video so I'm
cutting all of that out so it's just
taking a while to edit but I got it down
from 50 minutes of raw footage to 20
minutes of raw footage and from there I
can hopefully get it down to like eight
minutes of raw footage you guys I wish
you knew how much more goes into editing
than just like oh let me add it real
quick like so much so much but it's
happening hey guys I was eating chips or
they're crumbs on my mouth probably so
it is currently let's see it is
currently just kind of my phone's dead I
did a ton of editing tonight I honestly
I'm really happy because I think I did a
lot and I'm proud of myself I feel like
I should go to bed so I'm gonna are
getting ready for bed all that fun stuff
so anyways I just want to end the vlog
right here thank you guys so much for
watching and thank you again so freaking
much for a 7 million subscribers like I
just like I know I can't like thank you
thank you thank you think it's a kid a
kid it doesn't like feel real like I
know I don't know I don't know last I
checked I still haven't officially hit
it I feel like it'll feel more official
in tomorrow's vlog you'll see I feel
like my real reaction of like seeing it
for the first time and stuff but yeah
anyways I love you guys so much and I
will see you guys tomorrow new book
