good morning guys what is that welcome
to the vlog so today is what is today I
have a video to film today and I feel
like I should really get everything
together yeah thing Ashley was a doll
and just offered to go get some coffee
for us Oh bless her soul very excited
about that so I'm gonna get some food
real quick
Mia's coming over later yeah so my only
really big plan for the day is to about
my video but I gotta point it out so I
should do that
mhm I should also change don't mind all
of my lights and stuff or just gonna
leave that scuse me I should probably
change because I'm literally just like a
bum right now but a comfy bum so hey
don't want to forget the phone let's go
down stairs oh wait just kidding we're
gonna change but I don't want to change
maybe I'll just wait like tumors I guess
I'm just so calm hahaha me guys me wow I
don't even know like I just like maybe
I'll wait till she gets back I still
have two e^x Podesta's let's get some
food let's get some food
we at the base place I actually have not
started a long time so I'm for it in a
minute it's been a minute and it's
better than Oh
no no sir sir can you hear me sorry
hello can you hear me
Oh No
hi can I have a grande iced vanilla
latte with soy milk yeah yeah and can I
also get a grande iced coffee with extra
soy milk and that's all thank you have 8
bucks easy
Oh date time it is currently in 4:14
p.m. we be chillin in the car cuz we
chillin I feel like I haven't seen that
song in forever we be chillin in the car
cuz we chillin with our slippers on yeah
cuz we chillin so we just do something
we're a little over halfway done which
is very exciting I'm really liking the
video this week I think you like it is
different I'm kind of on a good like
different route lately like the moving
out expectations a lot of people did not
see coming but they really enjoyed it I
feel like this week's video is also the
same type of thing where it's different
I don't think I've seen anyone do
anything like it but yet it's kind of
not different and you you'll see what I
mean on Sunday we might have to get a
little bit done tomorrow morning but
we'll see we got the goods I'm is so
excited for this you guys like it's
actually really good too which is very
exciting
why hello we got the shot gosh the Sun
is on your face and outfit change we're
good luck it lucky hey I got a question
for you you have a question I got a
question for you is that my hair my hair
we're done filming for today I'm really
excited I think you really liked this
video yeah we were like yo mama Ashley
said you should go into urban and I was
like I thought you never has also
lighting right now is perf I feel like I
say that at least one time every single
vlog we're at Urban Outfitters currently
doing some shopping and I totally and
completely lost Ashley dude - did - I
found you
Oh cute oh yeah no it's cute good
morning guys what is up and welcome to
the vlog I'm wearing my new jacket that
I got from Urban Outfitters in the last
vlog if you guys saw that and watch it
link in the description box oh my god I
never really showed you guys what I
bought so I guess I could do like a
little let's do it we got a package to
do an unboxing so exciting does this
look good I hope it looks good so first
I want to show you everything that I got
from urban last night I didn't
that much but I figured I would still
show you guys like I said I got this
jacket I forget how much this one was
sixty bucks
are you ready sixty bucks I don't know I
like the color was super cute I also
found this skirts funny because the
other night I was shopping online and I
saw this skirt I really liked it but I
never ended up buying it and then I saw
it in the store I got so excited it's
just this bright yellow skirt I love
skirts like this and I realized I don't
really have that much yellow clothing I
have a lot of people out of blue and
white that's pretty much like everything
so I thought this would be a super cute
and I really loved it zip ur detailing
your just out of a smoky old so you'll
probably see this on the Instagram and
then I've got my mom's a natural
deodorant because she likes natural the
other thing well that's funny my mom I
got you that if you're watching this and
then I also got this really cute
strapless top I have a pink one like
this that I love and I really wanted to
get more so I got this white one that
thought it was super cute which would
actually be so cute with this skirt and
then I also got these hoop earrings
which is so funny cuz I never really
wear hoop earrings but I pictured it
with this top with my hair and like a
really high pony and then just some
hoops and even fake glasses or something
like I had the whole look totally
figured out we'll see I think it's cute
that's everything from Urban Outfitters
I have this package sitting here for a
while and have no idea what it is so
let's figure it out we literally I
tweeted the other week or some tacos for
your Tuesday like recreating Lauren's
here's some glitter for your Monday I
got this random email saying we want to
send you something to make it like Taco
Tuesday even better oh my god it's this
sweater in forever 21 that says it's
Taco Time this is so epic
everything you can welcome and there's
so much this is a literally be best
package I think I've ever gotten I've
never heard of their brand before but
that makes me really excited there's
also this beanie that has a taco on it
yo this is epic thank you guys so much
Wow
do you want some tacos Khloe you want
tacos I love you babes well this is very
exciting
thank you so much okay I have some
editing to do look who's here
just kidding we were like yeah let's do
something let's get some work done let's
get some food because we always eat I
feel like every time we're together you
think we're talking about food now we're
gonna go let's go so we're at a coffee
shop and tried a new place this is
pretty good not gonna lie although I do
think I like opera better but like you
know it's guys gotta edit hopefully get
the thumbnail done or it's Ron's video
so yeah I think I'm gonna do the
thumbnail right now hello hello my name
is Jim update time it is currently 317
issues somewhere in there I just rushed
home a drummer a still working at the
coffee shop but I have a straight
appointment and I don't almost forgot
about that I was like shoot I gotta go
so I ran home right now I'm gonna change
and go do that I haven't told you but
I'm going somewhere very very very very
exciting next week so we gotta get a tan
good that's what's going on it I'm very
excited like I gotta take you guys along
so I'm excited it's gonna be good
doo doo doo nope nope over that time I
had a life hack about fooling your
clothes the right way look at me now yep
okay no no we got the girl
why is the lighting so good in here yo
it's a pizza and editing night very
excited oh yes update time now it is
currently 829 he and I got this spray
tan can you tell because I am Orange wow
my teeth look so are anyways it's gonna
fade I got it a little darker because
like I said I'm going somewhere real
real exciting and I wanted to get there
first so anyway we got some pizza I mean
I have been working all day and I feel
very productive my video is pretty much
like mostly done I'm just doing some
final touches music sound effects that
stuff and then I have to finish the
thumbnail but I've already done the
majority of the thumbnails so I feel
like we deserve some pizza oh yo there's
so many always can we just like take a
second how many do we think are on there
should I count them I guarantee there's
like $100 on that there's probably like
200 here's my don'tdon't oh they forgot
tomatoes but that's okay but they got
the balsamic yo balsamic dressing on
pizza is the best thing of freaking life
mmm mmm mmm I might eat those hey guys
what is that so I realized I didn't end
this vlog I'm editing it right now also
I'm so sorry that all of these are late
but I'm on my trip I could not upload or
send anything like the Wi-Fi was so bad
so they're a little behind but vlogs are
coming I promise anyways I'll see you
guys
