good morning guys so today is Monday I
hope your weekend was amazing so as you
can see I've just been getting ready it
is currently 11 odd it is 11 11 make a
wish immediately so I'm so sorry I
didn't vlog yesterday I actually tried
vlogging yesterday and then looking back
I was like there's really no footage
here but I did try it there's a little
bit of footage yesterday I woke up and I
wasn't really feeling that well I'm just
taking the longest path of my life like
probably 45 minutes like I just like
laid in the tub and just like sat there
and watch youtube videos it was not the
only other exciting thing I did was I
went to Panera to get some food I am so
hungry and I really don't feel like
cooking so I placed an order for Panera
that was an adventure because it was
pouring rain but yeah this is not
honestly like there is like my day
yesterday was like so chill and I feel
like it was good just to kind of like
relax and not do anything so that was my
day I'm sorry I didn't vlog but I
promise out
whoo we're good we're good I haven't
used any blondes in the longest time
anyways today Ashley and I figured like
we need to start packing like we've
legit need to it's Monday we move Friday
after we get ready we're going to go
over to Lowe's get some boxes and start
packing because we haven't started at
all guys can we actually like notice if
I could I did my hair for the first time
in like weeks yeah yeah Aspen I are
gonna head to home good we just kinda
want to go and like see what I know -
Leigh like home decor is totally on our
brains right now so we're going to do
that and then we're also going to go to
Lowe's to get some boxes so we can start
packing
currently at home did we thought this
was super tuned it's only like 60 bucks
which sounds a lot but I was looking at
some art stuff for something that they
would normally feel like hundreds of
dollars I think it's super here
literally cannot remember the last time
I was here cuz we came here so much when
we moved and now like I walked in or
you're like what is that it we're
finding a lot of really good stuff but
we're also not really finding right
stuff that we like specifically want to
get right now but I think it's really
good just kind of like look around
honestly because thank you stuff it
really is but it's hard I feel like
we'll know after like we actually moved
like know like the little things we want
to buy mm-hmm
those are so cute I love Ashley should
look at the plant section okay no he
didn't not kidding anything only because
we were like well for only getting this
one basket we might as well wait so yeah
but and I get like a couple matching
baskets yeah but there's actually a
world market next door so the speaker's
we would go there and then we're getting
really hungry so we might get some dude
Oh guys world market for the win I
walked in and there's already like 10
things we wanna get they have so much
keys up look at this chair you know but
I still cute I love it
they usually have so many basket I
didn't mean look at the parties yet I
probably should do that so we were
wanting to get like a velvet couch for
the office and I think this was her too
you know I don't think we're going to
get it but like it's cool seeing it in
person because that's like the size you
want like a nice like little small one
so cute this is like this touch it was a
rug so just looking at all the art I
love that one
so you the cactus one there's so many we
got some baskets we're very excited
about this guy's
where should we launch obviously we're
going to go somewhere before you even
like see this blog but really where
should we go to lunch and then we'll see
where we go and we'll see if any of you
guys are right we decided on guard house
I'm sure none of you guessed that it was
right across the street I'm sure
everyone was like guessing sanera though
I had the problem is we have smeared too
much we have a parallel of one era
update time so lunch was really good
that you're currently at Lowe's and we
are buying some moving boxes we can
start packing we're just women buy a
whole bunch honestly yeah yeah I take
that one because I don't think
everything else in this one should I get
bubble wrap we're up first Kate we're
just like moving back
how many Michigan
so we still need pink you figure they'd
have packing tape current situation
if we're going to buy these and then
head home and start packing I'm kind of
excited but I know after like one box
I'm going to be over it completely you
guys test board came in the mail you're
like what is this fabric fabric swatches
guys okay so in the office I told you I
wanted a couch across from the desk
it looks amazing it literally looks like
an office in here and there's so much
room still we want to get a little like
couch over there there's so much room
get a huge room you know like that
little like right like straight across
from it and I requested some swatches
and I'm having such a hard time picking
which color got it narrowed down to we
were trying to decide if we wanted like
blue or pink and then we figured I
really really love the pink one that's
this one but I have a pink chair so we
were like okay
definitely blue if you're the five blue
options I took out these two then we
narrowed it down at to these three and I
really like this Navy better than this
one because this one's a little more
flat I don't know if you can tell where
this one has more of it like a sheen to
it guard of that one we haven't narrowed
down to two and I genuinely can't decide
if I like the dark like Navy sapphire
one or the light blue one
I really like the Navy one so much like
this is what I originally wanted but I
know it's going to look like black like
event this angle it kind of looks just
like a black but I love the look of like
navy with some like pink pillows like
how pretty is that I love love or the
whole other thought would be to go with
like a lighter blue something like this
and then we could get like like these
color pillows with it so let me know in
the comments guys either dark blue or
light blue and let me know which one you
guys think we should get I don't know
what I'm going to start packing what I'm
just going to start packing okay so I
decided to start with my bookshelf
because honestly like even if I film
this is never really in the background
so I figured it'd be perfect to start
with so here we go the first packing oh
my gosh this is crazy faces it box I
used to hold all my sunglasses
- we'll use to like fill others up can
we get cool this is really hard to do
with one hand yeah yeah
can someone tell me why I have a random
baby bottle pop on me bookshelf
first box of packing and we've made some
progress
I got everything except for the stupid
baby bottle I don't know why this is
here I got everything off of my
bookshelf I'm excited for that
and then it's on here I even took off
some of the stuff that was on my dresser
is like so a mess you don't mind not so
exciting making progress still have a
long way to go though hey guys so it's
been a bitch it is currently
11:42 p.m. so almost midnight gots of
hacking done not as much as I was hoping
to but we still did like a bit to start
and I was just editing at this vlog and
I wanted to end it thank you guys so
much for watching I will see you
tomorrow with a new vlog and yeah
anyways I love you guys bye
you
