good morning guys welcome back to the
vlog today is January 21st now we are
currently sitting at my desk doing my
makeup and watching some YouTube videos
so let's do that
hi friends kind of cool I mean miss you
and come back so we can hang out okay
thanks
we didn't see yesterday's vlog I was
saying how me and Ashley decided that we
want to show you guys the new place by
the title you already know who what I
look crows we don't we got it home now
you understand all the excitement this
is just a normal move like this is a big
move we are so so excited I've been
wanting to tell you guys for the longest
time ever close our family is moving to
a home like I don't know how to explain
it but like everything just came
together so perfectly
we've always been such homey people like
we've never really cared to live in like
huge like skyscraper like apartments or
like anything like that we just like are
like quaint little like home enos it's
just like all worked out we're just so
crazy like we never thought this would
even be a possibility and we're so
excited we're so grateful because we are
the first people to say like none of
this would have happened without you
guys supporting us in watching our video
thank you because we're just like mind
blown so excited and we're so excited
that you get to be a part of this
journey of our lives the main reason why
we're actually going today because I
scheduled for a table to be delivered so
do you want to see it yeah oh you want
to come today but before we go we gotta
have some coffee because I haven't had
my coffee today so we're getting it to
go yes is this cutting up so cool so it
clears
okay let's do it
we're almost there at that Grand Rounds
in two hundred feet the destination is
on your left port here hey it's still a
go in here oh my god
oh my god welcome to our new oh this is
still so weird I can't again
I can't like what no these will probably
be the last moving vlog you see for a
bit I mean obviously anything can happen
but anything has been closed here
Chloe's here not have Danny was doing
his new pal thing getting used to the
wood board yes she flips implies a
little bit yes again we are so thankful
and grateful so overwhelmed by you know
the fact that this can happen seriously
want to thank you guys I pray that you
guys know we're not trying to brag in
any way shape or form for anyone who's
just coming to my channel recently like
this is not us bragging I totally
realize that this is not your average
like first house good reason situations
to say I'm just so grateful and I hope
that you guys can see that that's all
I'm going to say I don't want to talk
about that too much like in every single
vlog but you know we just wanted to do a
disclaimer before for all the haters
come because I'm sure there'll be some
haters but okay Oh
good she has so much grosser wrong it
asked me get it a little but not too
rare to sexism living room and it has
really cool fire little it right now you
should be because it's really cold in
here and then over here is the kitchen
which looks like this there's a whole
bunch of our stuff here I like every
long jumper here is coffee room what's
your two little encounters with Clos
cool cool
certainly this is the army working at
people like you normally do tower
apartment we're going to come set and we
have that good but so the desk IKEA and
katanas a study like along this wall I'm
going forth I don't want to show
everything but I want to share you're
ready anytime until I give you this will
have endless mirror right here and when
the whole rug is that every kind of like
coming downstairs look ooh I look good
provillus oh I need change let's show
them your room
you're you and then this is my so pity
it looks so good beautiful is wall my
favorite and what result here for being
my a dresser or shall we do it here this
is cool
it's so big casually yeah
here okay so I guess this is kind of
like a mini house - no I didn't I didn't
plan on doing that yet oh my gosh
because we're so excited
I know and here is my closet
oh ok so right now I'm about to tackle
the desk I was currently getting ready
so I had time to kill so I was like I
might as well try put together one of
these things
luckily so there's like the table top so
we just have to put together three
drawer set sorry hi okay so this is one
of the drawer sent update building is
going smooth I have the base of one gun
and I did one drawer we got someone to
get some Veggie grew up too excited I
got a salad and we got some buffalo
wings we cleaned the buffalo wings we
measure those look : I did an outfit
change because I brought a few extra
tops because I was longing to take some
pictures thoughts is why I took my
braids out and I changed my outfit right
now we're currently filming for Ashley
we were like if we're going to come here
we might as well like film so we're
doing some filming lunch update you guys
go on pretty good I'm not sure if this
was purposeful but they didn't send the
legs the table that dispensed the top
part of it this is all that came and I'm
going to be so sad if it only sold it
like could you imagine they're like oh
just kidding you have to buy the legs
separate what you think Chlo hmm you're
being so cute today
I call it a send that that shouldn't
have happened and that it should have
sent the entire thing they are sending a
replacement table
we have one done we have two done if one
left
yeah I feel like we should tie ourselves
I'm going to do 10 minutes let's try to
fast
10 men set it up 15 15 supercircular
more rounds words fit we got it boom
boom boom
three and now we're going to put
tabletops on I'm so excited
Oh
mg o mg this looks so freaking good
that looks amazing it literally looks
like an office in here and there's so
much room still we want to get a little
like couch over there there's so much
room we get a huge rush the best part
was the total of this it's all from Ikea
and it was like three hundred dollars
which is so cheap or like to desk it
looks so good both of us want to get
matching office chairs can you like
picture it oh my gosh
family so happy with how it turned out
we weren't sure we realized we bought
legs for the tables and realized we
don't need to like we have to return
those and we built the last line how
long did take us in the took 18 minutes
as well oh I was a little upset because
I feel like we could have gotten 15 our
new office space we're going to edit so
many videos here okay so currently in
the backyard and I'm sure the audio is a
million times better we're actually
going to head home soon I mean we want
to beat traffic and we have some editing
and just random stuff to do and Chloe
needs your dinner I'm totally gonna miss
our apartment but I'm just so so excited
for like the future like right now I'm
just like pumped Pumped I mean I'm in
the backyard so I feel like I should
show you guys the backyard should be
showed in the backyard for the first
time in my life we have a pool we're so
excited yay we have a koozie and we have
a little we have a little pool look at
Chloe she looks like a little peanut
also change back to my sweatpants hey
guys update time obviously we're backing
with the apartment I don't know how this
happened but I managed to edit the
entire thing just now I realized how
long it is so I'm going to end this vlog
right here I hope that you guys liked it
thank you so much for watching I'm so
excited it's still quite early is only
like 7:20 so I think we're going to go
hang out with parent and go bowling and
stuff so if you're not following me on
snapchat you definitely should be
because whenever I'm not vlogging I'm
usually snap chatting or follow me on
Instagram one of those everything is
always in the description box or a
cement blog to watch her vlog I love you
guys so much thank you for watching I'll
see you tomorrow with a new bone and yes
uh ba ba
