so it is time to do some makeup I feel
like I should actually you know like I
probably should actually get ready today
although my hair looks so crazy right
now hey literally don't let's not find
out right now I don't know if you guys
can hear but it is pouring rain outside
it's been raining so much lately I'm
sure you've seen so many youtubers talk
about it because a lot of youtubers live
in LA it does not rain like this ever
ever it's rained more this year than it
did being like all of last year all the
past probably 2 years I'm not even
kidding it's raining so much I'm not
complaining because we're in a drought
it's really good but it's just like feel
like it keeps ruining it my filming
schedule I got a clear film all day and
when it rains it's like so dark in this
apartment it's just like not not you
hi-dee-hi ha ha are you having a good
day yeah
we got ready I ended up putting my hair
in braids because I was like I feel like
I really haven't been doing my hair
whatsoever it looks horrible not saying
this looks much better but like anyways
so I got ready also I have my rain boots
on because it's literally raining
because like I said earlier it is
raining so that exactly raining worse
now so there's absolutely no filming
today it's just not going to happen but
we are thinking about it we're like you
know what that's okay we have a lot of
errands we need to do since it's cold
and rainy we wanted to go get some super
line and then we're going to go to
Target we need like moving boxes we need
just a bunch of random stuff we're going
to do that and then we're also going to
go over to Ikea I haven't been to Ikea
in the longest time ever I'm really
hoping to get my closet stuff because I
already know what I want to do with my
closet yeah there's some stuff that
really want to get and you know also I
wanted to talk about the fact a lot of
people have brought this up though
everyone's like didn't you just move
like you just moved into this apartment
about a year ago you're completely right
we actually moved into this apartment
last November not just past November
obvious little year before and and the
answer to your question our lease was
actually up if you're not familiar with
like apartment there's leases so you
like your contract agrees to like that
you'll rent it for however many month
and our lease was we first did a
nine-month lease and then after that we
did another what for so even though it
seems like we just moved I feel like
when it comes to apartment like it's
kind of very common to not I don't know
like when we think oh yeah so we did
kind of just move but overall like you
know it's time time to move and all goes
according you should be very excited for
tomorrow's vlog because a sinner trying
to figure out if we should go over to
the new place for you guys to see it we
might give you guys a little sneak peek
so that's exciting but I think that's
all I need I got my umbrella
so it's boring so bad I swear every time
I show like outside it doesn't look like
it's pouring by promise ative I promise
it is just a film today
oh no it's raining we share an umbrella
with you
wha no grief I have my rain boots
all right one two three
that wasn't venture
it's one of the best jacket I bought I
almost invite because it was kind of
expense but like you're gonna lie it's
the only layer is whether your situation
yeah okay first stop you're going to
food you remember being a kid and like
playing the game we're like the
raindrops in memory you would race to
see which raindrop would win because
same and then you would seeing a music
video like in looking out the window
area and he meets me he just acts like
yeah we had lunch and it was so so good
but it was fun anyways we decided to go
to Ikea first because it was further
hopefully we cannot find some good
things mostly trying to figure out the
closet situation what I want to do for
like organization in there because you
guys know I have a lot of clubs we
service employment
we decided on duck enough - one for me
one for her can be great workspace okay
so then we need to come on badly
currently looking at some plant curry we
didn't realize muffins are real this
summer and going good we're hoping we
found a desk that we like we're really
hoping we can get it fit in my car
because my car's kind of smalls not
we're gonna have to get it delivered
which is real is black you'd really like
that so site is here this is a beaut -
water - water play with the Hulk smash
it yeah
we're getting the tops to the desk we're
probably building our own desk because
we saw some really cute ones on
Pinterest I got inspiration piece of
plastic
whose office we're basically building
our own desk and we're going to get
tomorrow I'm really excited
we are getting some progress you have
everything we need for the desk and now
we found this really cute like really
small little outdoor patio things we
want to get that to you but the acid I
think were dumb oh I hope anyone is
there any to go not too far from here I
said anything it's kind of a blocked-off
he adventures i heated up into music you
I almost
hey so this is it it's just like this
cute little like wooden little bistro
table that we thought would be super
super cute is that all of it I was going
to say oh and then these right here so I
need to Z I guess for this I love how
your vlog makes it look like I'm doing
all the work and my vlog makes it look
like you're doing all the work
yeah she's taking turns vlogging well
yeah yeah there's everything
yes you put all this in my car I don't
know how that's going to happen yay IKEA
adventures we are done so we're going to
go check out pray cross our fingers that
just fits in my car we're going to see
mostly does it's been a bitch since I've
last of all just to a CEO we did get
everything in the car although it took
about a good 15 minutes to get
everything in there and it was raining
so that was fun anyways I was going to
start getting ready for bed so I wanted
to end this vlog thank you so much for
watching I love you so my I know that
you're liking these vlogs recently I've
been really into them yes also gets so
excited for tomorrow's vlog salon thing
okay
love you guys
