good all my lens is broken still good
morning guys how are you it's been a bit
I feel like since my last vlog well I
meant up a lot the next day and then I
forget what oh I just like forgot my
ball camera ops and I went shopping
speaking of maybe I'll show you guys a
haul of what we got we got some bomb
stuff for so cheap from urban and it's
so cute also I'm sure a lot of you are
like you better be talking about the end
of your last vlog there's one more thing
that I forgot to tell you guys
I will don't worry woman if you haven't
seen that blog yet that I have a secret
wine it definitely go watch that right
now like literally right now it is
Saturday January 7 sorry this comes
probably annoying I hate when people
vlog with sound with your mouth but I'm
doing it so yeah these kind of like a
lazy day chill day and we're just taking
some pictures and like chilling and also
tomorrow is John Murray's birthday so
guess who's here yeah boy should have
blocked me giving you your birthday
present can you show can you show up
Fitness these days I literally was like
that is so you it's like an adidas
sweatshirt and then an adidas track
jackets
fun fact I've always wanted one of those
all right okay I was lucky like what has
my thighs it's actually that right in
person like actually it's brighter in
person not even kidding Ashley my bed
don't my not yeah we were like oh my
gosh a lot of there's plenty of times
we'll world where women wear so we're
like hey dude when I'm sleep over and
basically like one of us looks on the
couch one of us looks on the floor and
this sounds like wait why don't I just
bring my mattress out here that'll be
way more come here so I did that and I'm
too lazy to move it honestly hey ash
should we um should we talk to them
everyone's kind of mad because we left a
cliffhanger at oh my battery's gonna die
so a lot of you guessed right of what
the keys meant movie gets really wrong
some of you guys I'm kind of wrong but
it you know it is a big deal oh my gosh
so I'm not gonna like tell you all about
it yet yet and the battery died fail and
my lenses like that fail but yes Ashley
they are moving seriously so excited I
like I cannot wait for you guys just to
know all about it
I wanted to tell you this for a really
long time there was actually a snapchat
that I took a while ago but I was like I
really want to tell you guys something
bad was gonna happen but if it does want
to tell you and
what it was about it was about us moving
and stuff you guys I just got such
exciting news I can't wait to tell you
I'm like we're here at the department
for another month
less than a month probably like three
weeks ish but yeah I was debating like
should I tell you guys now should I wait
until it's closer but I was like
honestly I want to tell you guys now
because I want you to be a part of the
entire process hacking and everything
like everything about it so I was like
I'd rather tell you earlier so like you
can be a part of it I've like one school
you for so long and I'm like so excited
you don't even know no we're not moving
in with Mia though but we're gonna live
a lot closer I'm excited for that
oh hold you guys actually what suburban
you guys we scored
so good they're having like a huge scale
right now so you should totally go we've
got a whole bunch of home decor stuff
and almost like a lookout for moving
like I want like to buy for like room
decor and stuff I'm not sure if this was
supposed to happen but they were they
let us take an additional 50% off of
everything but we went to another urban
hoping to find like more stuff but they
didn't have an additional 50 they just
had on sale so I was like I wonder if we
weren't supposed to get these for an
additional half off
I literally saved like $200 and I was
just like oh my god and everything so
keeps up first off I got this like art
thing and it has two little palm trees
and I pictured this is me and ash cuz
we're sister gold I feel like in our new
play in the new world oh my god I cannot
wait for you to see it oh my god yeah
this one looks like and then I got
another picture poster thing which is
this one which is a picture of like the
beach so I really loved both of these
together you know my room already have a
few other posters like this so now I
think I have like five total my pictures
them all together in a little collage so
they were so cute and then they had some
rugs on sale so we got two rugs this one
this one looks like this and it's just
blue it doesn't look blue on camera but
I promise it's like navy so cute and
rugs are also one of those things that
are so expensive and you you just don't
want to buy them cuz there's literally
like you can easily find like a
rug that's $1,000 and you're just like
why why but I get it but I don't get it
and there's another great one which i
think is an Ashley room yeah there's
another one just like this but like
light gray I don't know this was like
supposed to be that cheap I have no idea
but we were like no because I ordered a
bit of stuff that I've been wanting to
show you but I'm like it's like moving
related and I didn't want to like tell
you yet but yes that is my mini Urban
Outfitters haul that we are currently
abide the pool because um I really will
I will excuse me I'm vlogging when is
the episode of Michigan always make a
noise all of the sun's that looks so
pretty so pretty
jump are you taking some pictures and
Ashley we're gonna get some pictures for
her because we're gonna redo her like
banner and everything for a YouTube
channel good news now I have a hair
appointment on Friday so these roots are
gonna be like going oh god camera
takeovers of Alicia
trying to get a sunset picture that is
happening over here look at you you're
on the grill this is part of the grill
therefore you're on the grill oh look at
that
I'm okay look at you you so cute and I'm
literally but you know it's not baby
steps back to reality to be continued
okay so like I said tomorrow is John
Murray's birthday so guess where we are
we're at Party City we're finding a
birthday balance yeah
or should I get a little one like that
that's really cute too
this one's really cute I know they're
kind of more expensive though happy
birthday I like this one better
hashtag bug I need to be like doing a
like intricate pose of sometimes pull
that like move oh it wasn't me okay
we're getting these cuz those are super
cute
we are currently at Target and you guys
do you want to see this how ridiculous
is this bathing suit season is
apparently in full force full force
what is it January 7th yeah yeah I feel
like it's been a bit since I've done
like a target adventures blog we decide
if we're gonna have like some fun girls
night and we're gonna make a little like
mood board and inspiration boards for
like the new year and be all like arts
and crafts seed excited yo hey glue
sticks and now we need picture frames
which are right over heat not here no
not here either
all right over here okay so got a frame
we decided to do frames instead of like
poster boards and sec we're doing it - I
found us currently looking at the home
decor section because what else would we
be doing at Target these are so cute I
were serious silver though I'm six
magazines and a frame and look you might
get some gum he have been sitting here
and we've been making our mood
inspiration board I love mine we've been
clipping away all of these magazines
magazines it Nick you I like it
this one is John the wreaths and I love
it I just wanna show them yours this is
mine and I love it and board for 27 I
see you a huge in there yeah hey guys so
I just wanted to end yesterday's vlog I
ended it last night but honestly the
lighting was like not cute and I forgot
to tell you I am so so sorry but I'm
actually not gonna be uploading a main
Channel video today really sad about it
but honestly like when I was sick all
week and I literally like satin did
nothing for three days it was a hard
decision but I was like I'd rather like
up
that I'm proud of I'm just gonna skip
this week so I'm so sorry don't hate me
yeah I'll see you guys later bye
