good morning guys and welcome to
Saturday welcome to Saturday it is it's
January 14th which is crazy to think
that it's already been two weeks since
the new year and like that thought is
kind of great 2016 1 by so fast I
genuinely feel like 2017 is going to go
by just as fast if not faster I feel
like this is going to be a really busy
year but I'm really excited like so
pumped for it but anyway today Ashley
and I are doing some filming it's kind
of more shell day we have a lot of like
random busy work to do so I'm hoping to
get a lot of that done also we went to
mentor this morning which I totally
would have blogged earlier but honestly
I didn't have the best morning I had a
phone call this morning with like a
utility type thing about hosting like
the exact like saying can it be absolute
absolute worst most rudest person ever I
usually never get worked up about stuff
like this but oh my god it was horrible
oh sorry such a bad mood I was in the
worst mood ever this morning I literally
felt so just like belittle like the way
she was talking to me was just like the
rudest thing I think I've ever seen in
my life so what company's going to get a
letter all I gotta say
seriously though like customer service
was the and we'd never had issues we'd
like never had any issues I was done I
was done up so frustrating as our
morning so a little heated as you can
tell oh so that was my morning I hope
your morning clothes a lot better than
mine yeah anyways I think we're going to
start filming because it a little later
it's like 12:30 also a new vlog is up
day in my life
slash like life of the YouTube water I
did a lot of like editing yesterday so I
was like nice like you guys might want
to see like that side of it also yeah
you should definitely go watch that I've
been so on my walking cane I'm really
really proud I feel like it makes up for
after vlogmas when I like disappeared
for two weeks because let's be real I
literally like stopped blogging for like
two weeks yeah also I would love some
coffee because I think I just could use
some coffee
I haven't at coffee all morning like I
know right you don't mean like coffees
like the first thing I do it I would go
let's see what cups you use today we
need to like go through our cups and
coffee mugs because there's so many I
love how there's like a Pooh Bear one
hops to them then
today also
donut shop is like the best thing ever
it's like our favorite coffee we love it
we love it ah can I see you want to
guess what she did guy she got her first
tattoo
well how does it feel to be like the
tatted light that's how does life eases
it's like the size of the guy like a
quarter nickel nickel did it hurt
honestly it didn't hurt towards the very
end of parties to Brian but then it was
done because again it's so small I liked
it a lot I spent with a bunch of friends
so if you ever decide to get one that's
what I would do go out your vlogs yet
she puts the vlog today like the whole
thing to go of it okay so today we're
going to do some makeup today we're
gonna do I feel like I'm doing a
tutorial no really though um so we just
filmed a little part I'm hoping it's
going to be this week's video it's such
a different video that I've done so I
genuinely don't know it's going to turn
out good so worst case if it doesn't
turn out good I'm going to upload
something else so yes but for now that's
what we're planning on doing so it's
going to finish my makeup then we're
going to film my backup video so
basically I'm filming two videos right
now it's really hard it's a pretty film
as a youtuber or it's not even as
youtubers I know some people like Lauren
is like one of the best performers of
life that I've ever met I on the other
hand like I don't know I think I just
really I get over scenes really quick so
if I film something like three weeks ago
and if I was supposed to upload it and
be over I'd be like man I don't like it
anymore and obviously that's just
something I gotta like get over but
especially was like moving and
everything I was loves to like just have
a few videos um so that way I'm not like
stressed about like uploading that and
moving everything going up okay I always
get so sad when I hit pan but then I'm
also like really excited because that
means I'm getting my money's worth out
of like stuff but then overall I'm just
sad because I'm like mercs that means
absolutely fine more soon just going to
add a little dimension to my face think
we're going to go back to the coffee
shop tonight because
they got so much worked on there last
night don't even know I systems so
inspired lately I just in reading like
so many lines articles and book just
like such inspiring things like other
really like creative artists and stuff
and I cannot tell you like it makes me
so pumped I'm just excited it's going to
add a little blush this is matt looking
away we blossom no breath of fun from
Matt this is the blush I've been using
lately okay and then we come on a little
highlight so this is the Becca cosmetics
highlight and Jacqueline held champagne
pop this is one of the best highlighters
like like it's a highlighter like it's
not subtle cool
also I've been doing my brows a lot
lighter and this is just the gimme brow
from benefit actually it just uses it
all the time I used her the other day
and I was like okay I kind of like it
like it's just so much like so easy
super natural so if you're not wanting
like the like boom like wrong eyebrows
definitely recommend that guys it's been
so long since I've used my Blaine with
Cathy I got a like put all my makeup
back in this man I still love it it's my
my favorite like makeup things ever like
exploded this is that one messy drawer
that I like super gotta clean uh-oh
hello is she not the cutest thing ever
like a habit away you are so cute I
can't you dismal see in the world okay
so we are about to film a dynasty and I
want to see if I can like set you guys
up in front of me to where the camera
doesn't see you but you'll see me doing
the same you know I mean yeah not I mean
ah I mean it doesn't look exempt but
yeah for sure Jeff likers
yeah party sure yep no yes remove Oh
more or is a good positive perfect it's
a close friend reasonable I got it
literally being so productive today
which is really good because yesterday I
honestly did not do that much I got to
fill it all of us post you today we're
being so productive I'm feeling like
this video might get done today which
means I'm ahead
I'm finally ahead in filming videos
which never happened
oh I feel so good oh my gosh so we are
almost diner in a compass yesterday
okay guys so we just got so much stuff
done I haven't two videos like editing
completing up so excited so we're really
excited about that
oh yeah what are we doing now we are
headed to the movies fine we gonna see
lalala and I've heard so much about it I
meant to see it the other week that was
a lot that was like aw I wanna go but
then I thought about not reaching oh
right like you've been working all day
like very very good one also a skirt
grammar but I'm gonna go Seal Island and
I'm totally gonna get some cosmic
breathing it is kind of cool
okay cool we just got in nothing yeah
you soon bye oh wait what
okay okay beeping sighs that was Karen
she's on her wedding cake
that's our thing we got some popcorn we
got some jalapenos for our pilot wars we
got some star badges the watermelon kind
of chords and some on it we're going to
go watch small array and I'll tell you
how to happen and really kind of like
remind you because he's hearing stories
here's SSPs he is all family longer you
guys the movie was so good I can totally
see why other people like some people
aren't like it's more like a musical
texting seriously it was so so good I
loved it
I would totally watch it I would even go
see it again at a theater it was so cute
so good I almost cried
anyways I decide to end this vlog I hope
that you liked it if you did give it a
thumbs up thumbs off day you're watching
this a main channel video is going up so
definitely go watch that actually just
kidding
you should watch it like twice and
comment if you did watch it toys anyways
I'm gonna go to bed I love you guys bye
