hey guys Merry Christmas
first of all don't mind the fact that we
literally look like Rudolph with this
red freaking zot zot
but pimple on my nose anyways but not
about me today about Jesus and Ashley ro
um it's a it's a birthday if you didn't
know so we're having a birthday party
well our little birthday party hey hey
yeah yeah there's balloons over I don't
know why we like those are just
accumulated over the cup few past few
days how do you feel pretty great I'm
excited you look so pretty I like stuff
amazing I look like this what you're
here and we got some Starbucks thanks to
miss John mutter you okay thank you you
did not have to but I appreciate you
this is the best Christmas gift you
could ever give me
all your dreams Thanks wait seven what's
harmonica
come on a new phone that's how you wrap
it it's perfect
oh my god happy birthday thank you this
relies on yourself more often it's all
cloud it was balloon less fun
we're doing a lesson Wow oh my god I
said right thanks I work out a lot yeah
like every day yeah because it's real
perfect size it is the perfect timing
thanks to us MA okay so happy birthday
thank you cue fairy tale moments await
we are gonna go to Disneyland today if
you want orbit or any day this week
update time we open presents and we're
going to Disneyland today right Ashley
and we're gonna go to Disneyland so so
excited I can't remember I mean I know
I've been on Christmas but I was like a
baby so I don't even really remember it
and it's gonna be really crowded but
like we don't care we're just gonna go
and experience the magic and the extra
magic because it's Christmas magic and
like the fireworks tonight like I think
I was out of focus that whole time
talking huh currently doing my makeup on
the floor yes and I was just watching
some what I got for Christmas videos so
of course I'm watching means again hi
means hi hi ya gotta watching some
videos gonna do our makeup we're all
challenged a dad Christmas okay we need
some eyebrows on my face right now
Chloe's toys are everywhere what you
doing
we are here there there guys we are
getting to park no sighs taking it along
on our Christmas
Disney Adventures Ltd you right now this
one
Disney
Disney Topshop Nike oh and then this is
American Pharoah and if I wear it it's
so cold and you as you do this cold it's
pretty painful it is so hip hop bang
sun's shinin hey so we just got here and
I'm looking I'm at Lima and we actually
met before I'm Kansas City mother girl
heading to her oh no didn't see you
again okay Christmas right is like a the
most magical place to be on Chris Rock
oh yeah take it okay so first we are
going to California Adventure we're
gonna go on Tower of Terror and make it
this game the only one not wearing I
know it's cool it's like white brown and
black
there's no line we're excited were
excited we're so excited going twice
we're create Lee ha ping over to
Disneyland because we really want to get
some pictures and stuff and from the
castle walls daytime Sun Sun stunning
soon my pot passes blocked out today so
we had to buy tickets Oh your card is so
magical it's so magical magical it's so
wonderful so it's crowded but it's
definitely not as kind of as I thought
it would be like it's doable we're going
to try to get some pictures inside the
castle first day
I mean
all right so Derek the tree is that
beautiful I can't so we got some hot
chocolate and it's actually really good
I wasn't expecting it to be this good I
think we're gonna get some dinner I fell
back blog too much today I'm so sorry
yeah we are so tired we're headed to the
car to go home yes to it seriously we
have so much fine we've been to
Disneyland on Christmas more but it was
like years ago I was a baby so don't
even regret definitely extra magical I
think we're gonna go home and to have a
movie night we were all really cooled so
we kind of left a little early genre has
never seen frozen never thought we're
friends see we're gonna watch that have
like us I'm gonna night to see it what's
going was a jump but you could music hey
guys I just wanted to end this vlog I
realized I totally did not end it
whatsoever I'm so sad that vlog misses
over it makes me sad thank you guys for
watching every single day I'm so proud I
killed it I did every single day I
didn't miss one day uploading I'm so
excited I stopped to get today's vlog
but we're gonna go to breakfast first
and then I'm gonna come back and edit it
and get it up for you anyways I love you
guys and I'll see you in two Bowl I'll
see you tomorrow but I'm gonna start
vlogging right now so I'll see you like
two seconds
