good morning guys and Merry Christmas -
oh my god um Merry Christmas
this is so oh my gosh today is gonna be
a day it's gonna be an amazing day it's
currently 10 to 1 TQ in the morning and
I are going to go get some breakfast and
my parents are on their way they are
going to open presents we're gonna open
presents once they get here and stuff
and just have breakfast and chill and
relax and I'm so excited I've been
waiting for this for like specifically
25 straight days
full 24 awkward although I am kind of
sad because the thought of like
Christmas coming means that one this is
over technically it ends tomorrow let me
know if you think I should continue
doing daily vlogs like this video if you
think that or I don't know I don't know
like I'm open you don't mean this is the
attire definitely going to put on some
PJ's or my onesie later but for now it
says ash there we go it's breakfast
clear abound Panera bow
Panera bound I think we're just gonna
get should we get like sandwiches and
bagels and we can just have it
it'll be like brunch will be breakfast
and lunch I think wonderful I think
we're gonna get a whole bunch of stuff
for everyone are you blogging today yes
I'm trying to delete everything love how
Chloe's onesies just like hey hey don't
wear it later babe oh also this is a
hole and my boot
I can't help it guys I've run so they're
annoyed with it they thought it was
something stuck on my boot hold up well
hello there oh it's so bright anyways
Bjork really gonna go to Panera over
there oh my god it looks so good it all
looks so good we got the goods I am so
excited
I haven't had Panera coffee in the
longest time and I've told you guys how
it's like one of the best things ever
yay we got some sandwiches we got some
bagels I'm a sudden so excited to eat
right now we were gonna like hook a huge
breakfast and stuff and then I'm an
idiot I literally forgot ever gotten to
buy everything so this morning we were
still like maybe we should just like go
grab something gained some our ego beats
a homemade breakfast and I respond to so
we're about to open presents but I
my parents that they have to do one
thing first but online class for 1z
cheerio
unfortunately I'm I don't have anymore
Wednesdays so this is what I'm wearing
but no fair
no this makes my life right now like dad
in a smokin a big big bow record player
just for mom and dad for media says cool
and me in second oh you can play the me
thanks guys I'm gonna get to you yeah
we're gonna paint the room I'm gonna pit
happy to have the rooms painted oh honey
the three rooms painted on the side
that's where I keep like my in ears
you got around no I wrapped it oh okay
this is the cool part why'd you get
Oh Vinnie wheel you needed one yeah and
they spin Oh gold oh my god I always
wanted one they thought about all on
their own
probably from what I filmed and we had
the hardest shovel oh my god you're
welcome
uh I you surprised me
okay I'm about to give Ashley her blood
I said close your eyes
a way out it'll be imma be fit so mean I
know how are you helping him whoa you
like it good ash picked it out and we
were like he's gonna love it we see
those nice look at Chlo how'd it go in
your jacket and it's a camping Jack yeah
left what are still wearing there once
all right then you can wear this like
underneath her waterproof one yeah
you'll be you'll be you'll be good
welcome open it hallelujah you guys
needed it is there speedy there's
spinning and then now you each can have
two because there's three here and then
down has hid one oh so you'll be good
here yeah me admit it honey
you guys look like kids here what I
can't I love it like I hate life in this
one with this video of course so I'm
going to go ahead and get on into it
because there's nothing else to say oh
gosh Lee watch me I'm really filming her
mouth she has to go to church because
she's gonna be drumming later so she's
gonna be like dude super quick she's had
a pair of these for a long hey guys
update time so Ashley left to go to
church because she's driving she plays
drums I'll know if you guys know this
really good girl ago um and they have
like four services today
and we're gonna do a surprise party for
her she doesn't know but we're getting
pizza and cake for her birth like to
have a birthday party with all of her
friends mom and dad are gonna go get the
cake and I figured that's a perfect time
for me to film my what I got for
Christmas video
um because I have like an hour of like
nothing to do so it's like a you might
as well right yeah that's currently what
I'm doing all right now
let's do it hey guys update I'm still
filming went really well and now we are
currently about to surprise Ashley we
got you have to see what we got we got
some pizza
we got balloons and we got cake and I
ordered this last week it's seriously so
like it turned out so cute the only
thing is I definitely see like a
congrats it's a baby girl theme going on
but I'm cool the bow is seriously so
pretty
happy birthday honestly I got the exact
same cake that I got it's from the same
place where I got my vlogmas intro cakes
like those huge Christmas ones and I did
the same flavor so it's that like
strawberry like angel food tasting one
it's like have been I want it to be here
in about like 20 minutes ish so we are
just kind of setting up she's gonna be
so surprised because we've never done
anything like this before I don't know
why we haven't thought to do something
like this before
honestly boom we did good you look
beautiful
hey guys
update time so it's actually been quite
a bit it's like 12 it's like midnight or
something um we what did we do we
chilled I think the last thing I
honestly logged was Ashley's party oh my
gosh basically I did some editing we
went to church came back and now going
to end the vlog I'm hoping I can get it
up in the morning
oh that was a really good sneeze okay
whew anyways I love you guys I want in
the blog oh that you liked it Merry
Christmas and yeah bye MA
