morning guys and welcome to vlogmas day
222 good morning guys I just got up at
yesterday's blog so you should go watch
it it is currently December 23rd yeah oh
and now to start the day okay I feel
like you're sliding it like this
lighting is kind of weird
does this help I can't tell hey guys so
um I figured I should update blow look
so plan for that doing more Christmas
shopping I don't I really don't have
like too much left just like a little
bit the tiniest bit there's I just like
a few more things that I want to get for
people and then we have to wrap all the
presents so today's a nice like one
hammer hammer hair is basically a huge
wrapping a present day if you didn't
know I'm going to say it here you're
probably gonna hear me say it a bit over
the weekend our family tradition for as
literally long as I can remember we've
always done our Christmas on Christmas
Eve because at my sister's birthday is
on Christmas Day we always have our
Christmas off Christmas even solvate
christmas then and then we wake up and
celebrate Ashley's birthday so it's just
like just birthday that we've gotta like
separate the two basically that means
we'll be opening presents tomorrow
morning which means we're opening
presents tomorrow morning which also
means I'm behind on wrapping presents
because I haven't even started at all
yeah anyways I'm currently about to get
an acai bowl because I am starving like
no other and it sounds really good so
let's do it
I'm gonna get that one it's so good
future OOP guys got the good take like
extra long to get into a grabber in
Huntington Beach go to the Banzai balls
if you're ever in Huntington Beach go to
bonsai bowls literally the best acai
bowls I've ever had in my entire life
including Hawaii so excited also this is
the half size like the full size I can't
even a mat like it'd be so much mmm
I'm gonna head to the mom I had some
shopping done might meet up with Ashley
we shall see
okay so we are back at targets like I
live here literally went them all and I
got something that I really think my
mom's gonna like now I'm just getting
one more thing from Target I basically
have everything if you liked this vlog
is so scattered it's probably because
I'm actually like unbelievably scattered
enough some so I'm sorry guys
bear with me okay
target is in one more stop I'm gonna go
to TJ Maxx I think and then I'm
officially done with Christmas shopping
and that makes me so happy I don't think
I'm ever gonna wait this late again ever
dude addicted to do okay okay question
of the day what is the funniest
Christmas present you've ever got your
entire life and comment below yeah
okay now I have to get all of this all
wraps hey guys I see I'm currently home
if you can't tell it's like 5:30 yes I
want to say my only goal for tonight is
to wrap these presents and then Mia is
gonna come over and we're going to
exchange gifts no literally doesn't like
the only two things I got to do and I'm
like okay I'm kind of hitting that wall
I'm a little tired hi pretty girl
hi Chloe's you have such good day yes
tomorrow's Christmas Eve Dona
Oh
look who's here I just lasered so I look
pretty beat
it's okay I look for do beat too means
this here we just gave each other our
prizes and look what she got me
I'm obsessed oh my gosh I love these so
much
you got like oh shoot we got each
other's shoes oh my gosh yay get close
and then she got me this choker blowy
and she got me this choker and I'm
obsessed with it it's so cute I like
like I've never seen one like this I
really like it yeah yeah this is why see
of last year we gave each other our
present yeah remember oh I was sitting
the I am you're like sitting in the man
Christmas means I love you and I
appreciate you humor by France by me my
face is so red name is jr. demise will
get it later treatment oh my oh it's
real oh my god oh my god Linda I look
like I ate a bottle of hot sauce and
then rub my face in it oh my god make
admit I see you soon um you had people
tweet at me to continue blogging and if
you're wondering why I'm not logging
this is why know if I'm proud of you you
uploaded like five if you are beautiful
you're a beautiful guy so I got all of
the presents wrapped I'm very excited it
looks like way more than there really is
I promise I didn't like put any like in
the back like they're all just like
right here boom
yes I can oh oh my god she just looks
like a little Oreo right now no oh yeah
she's like oh you need want the handed
camera why are you so cute okay guys I'm
going to end the vlog right here and
that you liked it and
I'll see you guys tomorrow tomorrow's
Christmas Eve oh my gosh Wow I'm so
excited anyways I love you guys I'll see
you tomorrow and yeah bye
