good morning guys what is up and welcome
to today's vlog forgive me I've been off
of my vlog game lately I have two plots
that I need to edit and get up for you
guys I don't know what happened but like
something happen and I'm just like me I
don't even know I'm really hoping today
I can just kind of bust those out to
edit it takes like a solid hour per vlog
and I feel like I've just been like I
don't know like once I got off then I
was off it which is like America I
apologize don't hate me some volume up
in here go so much better I'm sorry you
guys are like extra low the normal cuz
you're not on my tripod thing I've set
you down I think I should put mascara on
my bottom lashes
but I feel like it always smears it
works also need to set my makeup well
that's a little better anyways good
morning class she loves this will
blanket as well as like the wool rug I
think it's something about like the wall
just like feels really good to her you
except for a day have a beautiful
beautiful day yeah you guys Instagram is
uh this is me pledging to you guys that
I'm going to be on at my instigate so
you should go follow me on Instagram
there is a way to put post notifications
on if you did not know you just go to
where is it
I don't think I can do it because it's
like my account but normally you would
just go here and then you would hit post
notification so that way every time I
upload you'll get an actual notification
on your phone when I post on Instagram
comment on this vlog if you have
notifications on for the gram you guys
I'm not even kidding I have like 20
photos like ready to go Alicia is gonna
be back on her Instagram it's been a
journey I've barely posted this year so
I'm sorry but it's it's gonna happen so
anyways it's currently 12:40 12:40
so I decided that I wanted to go get
some coffee today let's go get some
coffee oh there's a car oh there's
another car I almost died literally guys
it is a beautiful day today it was all
the clouds but this guy's blue also I'm
wearing my forever 21 shirt that I wear
way too much we got the goods I'm gonna
put that right there run out okay
oh my hair suck bless boom so always so
pretty it's because the days I vlog I
feel like I'm normally like filming or
doing something oh girl oh my me take a
nap instead of phone oh can we we could
do that rough it's rough day oh no
today's been a great day even if we just
get like a few things done I'll be happy
all we have everything yeah we look for
this
I have like four things to falmouth
procrastinating told you guys she loves
that blanket and then we have to film
tomorrow I have a photo for you and I
have two vlogs that I still need to edit
very badly
I knew it cuz you heard me move anyways
you've got five minutes okay right when
you guys watch this video you're totally
gonna know what that last clip was for
awesome makeup change there's none
hey yo ass huh I got a question for you
is that a road yeah we are why do you
think we got a whole video
I feel pretty great I still need to get
my picture though so can I get ready and
then we can do my picture please
the girl I've caught why don't you just
say it I look like a little gremlin well
I didn't say anything
ash I want coffee do you want to go
somewhere I just was there last night
yeah what did you see factory with Aaron
I don't want to go your nights in a row
what am i doing we put some makeup on
not too much just a little bit but like
makes a difference anyways I keep
talking about how I have a lot of logs
to edit so I think I'm going to try to
edit a vlog right now and then look over
the footage that we got today because
I'm except for this video I also have to
play in tomorrow's video boom productive
yo hey guys update time I kind of
low-key forget the last thing I vlog
don't hate me honestly I did a lot of
editing although I didn't get to vlog
ready but a so good thing is I still
would've logging so there's still gonna
be a ton of logs coming so anyways I
just want to end the vlog right here I
hope that you enjoyed watching today's
vlog I was you guys fourth new blog
