hey guys what up so today is Tuesday
January 10 I'm really bummed because
today Ashley I were gonna go
snowboarding but I completely forgot
that I have a shoot today
so no snowboarding today that's totally
why I spent the night to get at Nikki's
because I was like you I have to be out
here in morning I'm leaving a little
early so I can go get a smoothie because
that just sounds like perfect right now
and she won't have been Gollum look at
all of my stuff too much stuff what the
heck
hey guys so I just got to the photo
studio where we are shooting today and I
wanted to show you a little like photo
studio tour because this place is so
cool hi this is me anyway so when you
walk in this is what it looks like over
here we have the hair and makeup yes
love oh my gosh goals of a makeup
collection literally here we have a
lovely little changing room for me so we
can change outfits clothing neck I laid
out everything that I got yesterday so
I'm excited Fergus to the outfit so I
have to show you wonder like on and
stuff these shoes though
obsessed also and then over here we have
different like backdrops we're just so
cute love I love the floor there's like
different backdrops it's so nice I'm
excited like invisible backdrop to wear
it like just like you know you know I
feel like I haven't really done like a
photo shoot and like a studio like this
kind of excited should be fun
also my lashes are like crazy right now
don't mind that but I got my smoothie
and I'm so dead
okay guys so this is outfit number woman
this reminds me of like gee and I like I
totally would have worn this onstage
long-sleeve white turtleneck grab me one
skirt perhaps who you are then at my
booth which I'm presently reunited with
I wear these almost every time when we
went on tour
oh wait introduce yourselves I'm Jesse
hey awesome makeup artists she did this
masterpiece introduce yourself hi I'm
Karen and she's tar for today this is
gonna be awesome
Cera's you too yay no time look at this
so cute
number two never took a res never did
this is effort
it is tough
okay guys update I'm not sure what time
it is but it's later we are on outfit
number three now we are putting my hair
up in a bun and I'm really like really
liking it yeah it's going so smooth so
good I can't wait for you guys to see
that everything like once it's done
do not worry almost probably share with
you wanted it bad one it is yeah yeah
this is what's going on my shirt does
yeah I really like that same yeah do you
think maybe just this piece yeah that
was my bad I literally feel like
Cinderella right now right here up
Disney Princess so here's outfit number
three we got a crop bull we have a
graphic tee that I like tied
high-waisted shorts we have this blue
like bomber it's weird it's like a blue
bomber jacket but it's long
this is kill nice that's cute I don't do
something read a whatsoever like I never
look like this yeah we got some food hey
guys update time so the shoot is done it
went so well I'm so so excited to see
all the pictures and everything Kiki was
one of my favorite photo shoots I've
ever done in like so chill so awesome
everyone was so nice and I really liked
how all the outfits and looks turned out
so yeah I just left earth I got some
food because I'm so hungry I had that
smoothie earlier but that's like all
I've eaten today think I'm gonna head
over to me and I'm not sure if she's
gonna even be home at all I'm gonna go
dog watch Kim for a bit hopefully I'll
get to see me I'm not sure I'm just
gonna wait out traffic because like
Russia right now so so yeah still have
this huge Bend with all of my life
staff room tour anyways also I know my
makeup is like kind of intense kind of
intense you
hmm question of the day what did you eat
for breakfast today as you saw I had a
banana peanut butter smoothie it was
really good oh look who I'm with Kendall
hey honey sit sit it's just me your
mom's not home yet
oh my god I feel like it's been so long
since I've been here for y'all know I
feel like it's been a really long time
since I've been here I trying to member
the last time I was yeah
but yes I'm gonna eat my food because
I'm starving and I'm nothing like
Penarth ready who can guess what I got
literally I got my usual hummus in
tabbouleh salad with grilled chicken
kind of wanted extra tabbouleh
but I didn't realize they were gonna
give me like a side of tabbouleh I
thought they were just gonna like you
know put a little extra but it's cool
that's cool I'm gonna eat this I might
eat this and out of a guy's a bit high
me ooh what are we doing makeup for you
to get here not the bathroom thank you
Tom before
saint-saens oh hey thanks for the me
crash oh hey guys it's the next day and
I was just going to upload my blog and
realize I never ended it so I'm so sorry
but I just wanted to end today's vlog
and I'm going to start today's value
like two seconds so I'll see you guys
super soon okay I love you guys so much
and I'll see you later
hi
you
