hey guys what is up today is Sunday
January 8th and I just ended at
yesterday's vlog and I was like I should
start today's vlog today is kind of a
busy day currently leaving to head to LA
I'm actually this is so embarrassing you
guys so tour ended in what October yeah
October maybe end of September I forget
on this way let's Bureau I still haven't
grabbed all my clothes that I shipped
back from our last show so it's been
sitting in the fullscreen office for
like months actually like all of my
clothes my like sky-high boots all of my
bomber jackets a lot of my skirts it's
like so bad I just haven't made my way
over there which is a really bad excuse
because it's been way too long so today
I'm actually gonna go over there meet
Rob and get everything out of there and
then I'm gonna send out Nikki and Gabi's
that's going on yes anyways currently
packing shouldn't definitely leave I
think I'm just I need a move you know
what I mean okay so did you do cracking
all my stuff in okay oh I'm like out of
frame I think we got everything I have
my laptop I have clothes I have to call
Nikki too because I know we talked about
it but I want to make sure she knows cuz
what if she's like does didn't think I
was serious I'm like yo I'm literally
coming over I know I hate my fun fact
every time I go to my friends I swear it
from like YouTube because like I have my
laptop and everything else too I just
packed so much like I always have like
five bags and I'm like why do I look
like this or nails phone purse we're
good okay yeah I'll update you guys a
bit
hey guys so look it's bad lighting meri
and I and Nick Alicia is real we are
getting a sushi
what else would I get with the Allah
fear L left veeral I've never had sugar
fish she's never had sugar fish it's my
favorite sushi it amazing your lens
looks like my nose
Aunt Lucy like Rohan hi I'm Bianca I'm
Imani
I'm Janome yeah a nice to meet you ball
Hey
yeah and we're getting like this news
clip a update time maybe at the Grove
yo yo be in the room yo we at the girl
yo in Nike yo we're just chillin and we
have a sleepover and watch early movies
and help furnish your apartment we watch
clueless or
again two very different movies I'm kind
of just a well stranger things isn't a
movie I know someone's gonna crack me up
that what color is Nikki and her eyebrow
I'm normally medium color in my eyebrow
and I cameras like notch am so sorry
sorry can't hear me full out just fine
soft brown this is so pretty I like it
that's pretty for I get a creepy thing
in a blog where I'm like swabbing yeah
okay what are we doing shopping in
Topshop and I'm not using matching
things to this sheet of food yeah I know
I like the green Nick we've just liquid
oh no it's so pretty
so update I'm I'm at Nikki and Gabi's
apartment and I oh my gosh I just edited
and uploaded it laughs why can't I dog
breathing I uploaded my last vlog it's
on private so I'm just gonna put it
public in the morning that's what I've
been doing and now I'm kind of tired
like midnight so I figured I should take
off my makeup so this is my little
travel beauty whatever you want to call
it like I really should take a shower
I'm gonna sing up my makeup I'm honestly
so torn right now so I feel like I
really should take a shower feel like
our real I should take a shower but I
don't want to but I cut on to because
I'm freezing and I feel like why am I
talking about this you guys think don't
even care okay this is TMI but I was
wearing a one like one piece today so
like I was too lazy to take it off so I
just like took it off and put it down
literally like what the heck oh man
that's cute anyways I'll see you guys if
it is the next day I wanted to combine
these vlogs because today I don't know
how much footage I'm gonna get forgot
that I have a photo shoot tomorrow so
I'm trying to decide if it makes sense
to stay here another night or to go back
home and get clothes and stuff so that's
kind of going on right now did my makeup
um I also have a hair appointment today
so what yeah that's what's going on I'm
so excited I realized in my last vlog I
mentioned that I have a hair appointment
on Friday which was completely wrong I
have a hair appointment today
on Monday I feel like my roots are extra
bad so excited to that that's it at 3 so
I have a few at home is currently 135
currently 135 I think we're gonna go um
take some pictures and just like chill
Nick Alicia ooh I like your hair oh it
smells like Drybar dieback shampoos yep
I didn't know right right like my
husband I think we have to come closer
because my head looks so big somewhere
do you better watch I'm not flying
the room is looking so cute I mean
obviously like the beds I made but like
the pillows and the color schemes and
everything I love it I wear this jacket
way too much hey what up so we're
currently gonna get some coffee and food
and then I have a hair appointment there
are some traffic ticket left so late
yeah but it's not you know it's like
right there we got some cute pics we did
you cute pet yeah I'm gonna edit them
really cute like sandy them I guarantee
you're gonna like them I might like that
thank you my post oh no my matches your
set it I did my hair I'm so happy I
finally have bangs the kids literally
they were so grown out making I are
currently at 3rd Street Promenade we are
shopping yeah anyways we are just
shopping I absolutely I think I told you
guys that I have a photos under Jesse I
don't know
I forgot I have a shoot tomorrow
actually go I have no clothes so I'm
going to be buying them all right now
which I'm hoping I can come up with some
cute stuff I feel like I'm gonna have I
have a huge forever 21 haul then
honestly I'm so glad you go home getting
comfy clothes I think I should just wear
that and then Nastya and I found some
shorts which are super cute love those
and then these shoes you guys oh my God
look at this these are amazing I'm so
excited for those I have like some
skiing sweatpants that I think are gonna
look really cute with those
I also got some taupe like booties which
I think these are super super cute
excited surprisingly I found quite a bit
I was a little nervous huh oh my god you
can totally see my hair better here
gonna buy that really I am so tired of
walking with all of these bags I just
like to set them down first of all
problem like this is the most I'm out of
breath from shopping I'm like oh I want
to just like can I just I need to sit we
let her have like 10 minutes a library
closes so we're just in a Nordstrom
right now here's a shoe
anyway to catch my breath yes I'm so
tired I'm gonna snot like it matters but
my sock fell on my shoe and you know how
annoying it it to walk I guess what when
your sock
it's like not on your foot
and we I bought this one Topshop yeah
I'll see you guys later bye mom hey guys
I just wanted to end this vlog I'm
currently editing it right now and we're
still having an editing date already
guys so so so so much and I will see
this tomorrow mom
