hey guys so hi hello it's been a bit
since I've talked to you on this channel
and I am so sorry for that after vlogmas
I was just like Don Juan wasn't honestly
so so so hard like bogging every single
day for 25 days is a lot of work I guess
I didn't realize how exhausted I was
after that until I didn't log for two
weeks things I've done over the past two
weeks we went and saw wrote one and that
was good gonna go to movies I did fall
asleep though the theater hey guys
so movie was really good except after
like an hour I fell asleep then to my
defense I was extremely tired and it was
like a reclining theater I fell asleep
but it was good we're gonna hate me so
hard for that so a huge reason why I
really haven't been feeling vlogging is
because my vlog camera is broken
my camera is busted I keep having to
open the villain oh wait this is not
alright oh wow my Linh my camera is
broken guys it's so bad like the lens
doesn't stay open the lens is still
busted
oh my god sorry
this light so multiple times while I'm
vlogging I have to fix it and then I get
frustrated and I just like give up and
like remark you see that you gotta fix
it
so that's thing there were a few days
where I actually realized afterwards
while I was editing it I was like oh
like that could have been a vlog that I
put up most depressing thing ever I went
to make coffee and I realized there's no
more life these are all like hot
chocolate and this sounds like a coconut
one I don't care for that's the reason
why we've been eating out so much is
because we literally need to go grocery
shopping so bad like we have EURion have
coffee the worst over yeah so we got a
protein Bistro box
we got a vanilla latte ice I didn't get
toy this time and I'm kind of liking it
done didn't intent intent hey guys so
I'm back at the apartment it was so cute
I love the YouTube on like on the TV the
TV oh why did I stutter there I come
home and Chloe's like sitting here and
it looks like she was watching Lauren oh
my god it was the cutest thing ever I
was like hell are you watching lurid
anyways actually had an errand to do so
I'm home for like two hours and my goal
right now is to clean this entire
apartment because it is so messy just
the holidays and everyone staying here
leave is it's literally it's so bad all
of this is so messy and then my room is
a whole other thing that I just don't
even know it's bad it's bad hot club so
we're gonna clean we're gonna clean
let's do it you want to help me clean
can you pick up all your toys would that
be so cool if I could teach her to pick
up her toys and put them back that would
be amazing
just saying I've made so much progress
I'm so excited yes I'm so excited that
my room it's Kowloon also the living
room is pretty much clean I just have to
like put away these last like mitt like
what what you Christmas present card
dropped off a package so I'm gonna open
it I'm gonna open it I'm gonna open hey
I ran to the counter so hard they send
me so much stuff honestly I'm like like
you you guys don't have to like this is
amazing but okay oh my gosh yeah they
sent like a 90s inspired box oh my gosh
this is so sweet oh my god you guys I
used to have this exact bedazzler oh my
god well like mine was pink but oh my
gosh oh my gosh that is like childhood
the robot and there's this hat -
bedazzled woohoo obviously lashes good
here oh my god that's so cute
someone's calling me hello okay I'm
gonna say hi I have my hair like God
took my mouth oh gosh update time just
put on a little bit of makeup and Ashley
and I actually just got our eyebrows
done you guys I don't know why I've
never had a problem with this eyebrow
please ever like it's our favorite place
for years like three years we've gone
here and then this time the girl took
off so much of my eyebrows this one is
so within like they're supposed to be
hair like down here you can't even see
like this one's so much thicker like
this one comes down here and this one
like is up here I mean granted it could
have been a lot worse and like it could
be all the way gone but mom yeah I know
it's gonna take like months until it's
like back to how it was
let me know if you've experienced any
like horrible traumatic eyebrows stories
because I'm sure there's like so many
worse ones than like this isn't even
that bad
the trees so pretty good show I was like
where'd you go hey guys what is that so
today is January 1st 2017 it's like the
new year has checked New Year know me
hashtag basic hashtags don't care doh
okay anyway this dummy is here hi Dave
all come Chloe you're so cute I like it
the cutest all whenever we aren't really
doing too much dance also
I think it's gonna rain soon and we were
really hoping to get some pictures today
so I think we're gonna go get some
coffee take some pictures boom that's
the plan for the day yeah are you ready
let's do it
okay first up we need some coffee
like for real though question of the day
what are you guys is New Year's
resolutions let me know in the comments
I'm really curious fine to see them
quickly is mostly to like more balance
in life you know like when I'm working
I'm working when I'm having fun I'm
having fun but then also like I really
want to push myself I get very like shy
/ like I like my bubble my goal this
year is to venture outside of my bubble
and do more things that put me out of my
comfort zone
yes I thought that car behind was your
car and then there was someone in the
passenger seat and I was like that is
what you enuine up to I was gonna get in
the car
oh yes guys who else has really said
that there's no more red cups
seriously so sad I'm so sad the red cups
are gone like they're like naked like
they're like mark oh okay let's do this
so we are taking some pictures trying to
decide if we want to go to the movie or
not I think it starts in like an hourish
but you know our plan today was to get
some pictures outfit change number -
literally the amount of times I've
changed in my car for pictures and that
person just pulled up next to me so I'm
gonna wait to change because lomba then
of any awkward New Year's was really
chill did it vlog we didn't really do
much
Ashley was sick so we ended up coming
home early and we just sat on the couch
a lot of friends
after I literally did nothing and we
probably watch like 10 episodes of
friends I'm not even kidding I've been
literally on right now so as you can see
that yeah nope
yep I mm-hmm ooh comment below your
favorite TV shows right now so yeah
thank you guys so much for watching my
vlog miss watching my vlogs I am so
pumped for 2017 and all these vlogs that
are gonna happen you don't even know you
don't even know oh there's one more
thing that I forgot to tell you guys
