I
good morning guys
welcome to vlog it is Sunday what date
18 I think it's the 18 December 18 2016
Christmases in like wait is it exactly a
week yeah yeah something X again yeah
this is exactly in one week and I'm so
excited so if you didn't see yesterday's
vlog we are currently asking Kevin here
for the weekend and we're so excited
the only problem I have right now is I
need to upload a main channel video and
it's been uploading for an hour to the
11 percent so we're gonna like go to
town we're gonna go try to find like a
cafe or something and pray that I could
upload so I'm going to really quickly
put on some makeup then we're gonna go
go and be good gonna be great a let's do
this also I've been trying the Smashbox
Studios skin foundation I use it
yesterday I think I like it so I'm going
to use it again today
umm really quickly just like grab some
stuff concealer foundation also don't
mind a pack that I'm literally wearing
the same shirt that I wore yesterday I'm
sure someone's gonna comment it yeah let
me uh change oh my god Chloe and better
look at this this is adorable
Chlo look at her little sweater and the
snow hi beep hi Beck we're all taking
turns like taking the dogs out it's so
cute and there's a fence don't worry
there's a fence I can do your makeup
with me yes powder make the Sun oh so
I'm currently gonna head to a coffee
shop so not not just so I get coffee
let's go so I can upload my video and
I'm really hoping it's like less than an
hour upload it needs to go up like now
and I'm like ma and I still have to edit
yesterday's vlog Ness and then later
hoping to get some pictures Oh donkey
would you guys list of an outfit could
you block my outfit from me outfit of
the day scarf is around forever21 jacket
is from Julie's um sweater is like a
long-sleeve one from Free People
leggings a Victoria's Secret and then
can go down buy my shoes looking stead
ok Mushu their target and my socks I
want to say I forget my socks in from
but but Jim
that's the outfit hope you like it here
we go start the day don't we are
currently on a comedy show it's really
nice and cozy and we're Catholic I have
been so productive I uploaded a main
channel video and I'm so excited about
that and not only that not only that I
uploaded yesterday's vlog that I was
really scared of wouldn't get up to like
late 10 is up so go watch it and if you
have already watched it let me know in
the comment and what's sleep oh we're
gonna go walk around for them it's gonna
go walk away from this door no or go
home take pictures it's like working
like for game and easy to eat we are
currently exploring the little town so
cute little town quiet people Taryn
loves a battle today
it is currently 2:44 p.m. and I was just
replying to love your guys's comments
and deletes everything and reading them
all and thank you so much like you guys
are loving the new videos every happy it
was kind of trouble getting it awesome a
battery like full res shape almost of
everyone's asking this girl Karen though
brain she's not my sister and that's all
I got more like a sister yeah oh yeah
everyone's like why should I get my
vacation is your sister I'm like no but
I wish I look like yours in discussion
just posted a new Instagram go like it
go like it I was gonna title it
something cute and then I was like in
reality what you don't see is my butt
was soaked after this let me know if you
remember the vlog when I took this oh my
gosh yes go like it and if you aren't
already go follow me on Instagram do it
do it
dick dust my feet right now yo hey hey
babes I like your hoodie if both of us
in our jacket Oh Chloe I can't you're
the cutest thing ever
good of the day my colors from Target
and my hood is Jim American Apparel
Ashley what you making things and
talking to Oh excellent excellent at
home that looks BA italics bigger okay
he's a we are Kurt better dad
so we are gonna go do some exploring and
take some job ochio County on behind the
scenes
behind the same just like tanning vlog
takeover so as you see a photo shoot is
going down Alicia just shows a lot of
commandment yeah she just freezes her
little booty off her cute little heinie
for you guys so uh let's go let's go
check it out oh my god
oh hey girl hey one two say I'm sad
because my battery died on my camera but
we did get some really cute pictures
yeah I think dinner should be good soon
pump pumped also I'm really liking my
outfit today I think it's like the
frilly socks
Daboo --tz-- behind the scenes of a
snapchat I've done so many boot ones
like this Oh could you take one of me hi
she's gonna try to get me hello guys so
it's actually been quite a bit since
I've lost volume I'm so sorry but we had
dinner and then we played Monopoly and
watched Harry Potter so it's kind of all
that the night was gonna end this vlog I
hope that you liked it um tomorrow we're
actually going snowboarding so I'm
really excited for that get excited yes
anyways I'll see you guys tomorrow with
new blog I love you so much and yeah bye
