morning guys and welcome to vlogmas day
22 so I am currently sitting in my car
doing my makeup I don't know what I'm
gonna tell you it's currently 1113
Thursday I totally like got the biggest
fail ever I thought I had a lash
appointment today but it turns out it's
tomorrow so I was like dang but luckily
I brought my makeup because I like
brought my makeup to do my makeup after
I got my eyelashes done I'm gonna throw
want to make a real quick here in my car
this is so funny and then I'm gonna do
some Christmas shopping I'm actually
gonna get Ashlee's birthday present yeah
that's what's going on random makeup
tutorial in the car let's do it
seriously I'm so glad I decided to bring
my makeup because if not that what I've
sucked the foundation I'm using the
Smashbox to do skin a foundation again
because I've been kind of trying it out
I think I like it I think so I got a
still still play with it a little bit Oh
also it's like still reading it was
raining so hard earlier literally
waiting for someone to come by and just
be like is this really is this girl
really doing like a makeup tutorial in
her car but I dig it up yesterday's vlog
already I did that before I left so that
was very exciting my dad's calling me
hello hey hey also I put up my blog
yesterday so go watch it if you haven't
yet we had a one of PJ Wednesday party
at the movies I'm gonna read your
comments right now and I'm gonna do my
makeup
and we part I do it why is it raining
okay we're in a drought I guess the
kiddies right okay so I'm currently
about to get some coffee because I had
had any coffee today on a scale of one
to ten how ridiculous am I literally
like comment below
I drove almost ten minutes out of my way
just so I could use the drive-through
Starbucks
yeah when there was one like two feet
away the other time literally like it's
okay if you put in ten I'll still love
you and I will not think any different
I'm hoping you guys don't think any
different of me the fact that I just
said that okay thank you have a good one
you yeah oh yeah oh yeah oh my battery
flashing no it actually took me over
like 30 minutes to find a frickin
parking spot it's so crowded it's worse
than Black Friday like it's so crowded
maybe go get the shopping hmm yeah yeah
so we're gonna meet up with Ashley get
some shopping done
we found Ashley we're getting some
shopping done already got some nun saw
the loss to Santa's kiss on me yeah my
better you /uk where we going that way
that way nor Jim here we go did do
currently looking at some purses dude
dude - - oh that's cute that's cute
oh shoot oh Sh
sorry oh my god the struggle is a
vlogging okay guys so we are currently
in Nordstrom and I believe that some
viewers they hi what are your names
Chloe oh your name is Chloe oh my god
all right Chloe
Amy Annie and Jenny nice to meet you
guys Merry Christmas
yeah yeah dum dum dum tum tum what I
don't know are you going um did she
maybe okay bye
I will okay bye Santa
hey Victoria cgroups and I think we are
done for well no I think I'm still at
the mall I'm going to be Ashley anything
we're going to go back to Fiji met and
yeah now I just gotta figure out where
my car is
okay so I ended up coming to Target and
still struggle in a bit
I don't know why this isn't such a
struggle to get Christmas presents this
year you get a whole bunch of like
wrapping paper and gift bags and stuff
so I'm actually excited about that
because that's one thing I normally
forget so yes wake up
we got paper we got bed oh my god tation
paper we got more bags
I'm struggling hardcore with my parents
this year for some reason I got my dad a
jacket but selling a few more things for
them focus I'm gonna stay here for a
little bit longer and then head over to
TJ Maxx and me Ashley there she's been a
shopping day oh gosh man I don't know I
don't know why I'm struggling so hard
this year current state so we got oh
shoot
yes is what we got going on so far we
have some stuff which is good okay so
now I'm currently trying to find a
birthday card for Ashley because
everyone usually forgets to get her like
birthday stuff even though her
birthday's on Christmas totally awesome
happy birthday though these are all
friend birthdays we need like funny
birthday hmm
oh my god so cute that one is so cute we
got them
okay I'm gonna go check out and so much
stuff
so much stuff oh where are we at my
favorite place one of the cutest streets
ever but it doesn't look that cute from
this angle but I swear it is all the
lights aren't on you have the tree
through oh dang it oh that's cute that's
that's real cute there's broke you it's
a real life Dan the double delusion
I was Tanabe we are gonna get some
dinner we're getting Mexican food
don't be good dad Christmas shopping go
ah it's a little overwhelming Little
Rock's Italy we got some
which is my favorite it looks about
you
