good morning guys
and welcome to vlogmas day 21 oh my gosh
Magnus is like over this is crazy
we are currently packing up the car to
leave the cabin you're packing up I
think that's actually everything that
goes here and I don't know if you can
tell but it's raining I wanted to smell
what it's only running that most of it
yeah hi hey no I promise we're not
viewing you I promise we're not leaving
you here you're coming with us you're
coming with us
Chloe do you have your little rain
jacket on yes you do babe
mine is on y'all okay I so just loaded
up the car we are gonna head home we're
gonna actually have to Starbucks I think
I'm gonna upload my blog there I'm so
sorry you can't hear me it's like
raining so hard right now actually not
like so hard it's just kind of raining I
don't know why I said it's hard I always
hear guys whatever little jackets yeah I
got it from the dollar like the target
like three dollar section like the
little like value section there that
mama Ashley coming them on the a-string
okay we're going to drive down the hill
and I'll see you guys in a bit
your home we're so tired my lips are so
chapped yeah why don't you go back home
we just dropped Chloe off at her
apartment and we are so hungry so we're
going to get food so hungry it's pretty
late it's like three cos now almost 4
p.m. here all going to go Simona and we
simply should dress in onesies and like
PJs and just get super comfy and go
later tonight's we're gonna do that but
yeah I think kind of a chill day we're
just gonna go eat come back and clean
and then go see a movie tonight
so still be pretty fun here here look do
they go to eat and then I think we're
gonna go to TJ Maxx and get some a
Christmas shopping done because we are
both so behind on Christmas shopping
it's bad it's like actually really bad I
think I have I bought in like one thing
this looks so good
you're gonna eat and I want to do you
guys really hot okay currently in TJ
Maxx and we're doing some Christmas
shopping yeah we are cuz we need to
really bad yeah really really really bad
no I'm sorry oh my shoulders okay so I
realized I was like it's kind of hard
blogging right now because I feel like
everyone usually watches my blogs and I
don't want them to see what I'm getting
but I think I was going to tell people
not to watch this vlog or like any vlogs
till after Christmas I think that'll do
I literally don't know why I have an
obsession with like notebooks like I
really want to buy all these but I'm
like Alicia you don't need them all
they're all so cute though my weakness
literally go does cool look oh no that
is so you that is so we look at I know
oh my god I really love that like clear
chair that's so cute
take the do you like it it's thank you
and this is QT is it poof is it me it's
a bean bag shut up this is a bean bag oh
my god I love it update we've found some
stuff and I'm pretty pumped I wasn't
expecting to find this much stuff yeah
yeah productive productive success I got
so much I was not expecting to get this
much stuff
I'm really excited cuz not like half of
my shopping is done one store teaching
back you don't what's up time it's you
know what else what else would have good
for you you know what you know what what
what else have it is that you know what
else
no you know what you know what else it's
time for this time for one name you're
all very wonderfully one deed out yet
we decided we're going to go see Moana
and one day because why not
you've never seen it why not it's the
only way to do it we go you're here what
is I your thumb oh you're good security
it's like really like intense it kind of
looks like a chicken from this angle
I don't know why I kind of went wanna
thank you do do they have the watermelon
I'll take one of those these are
literally the best things ever
so these but I want I want all this but
I don't want to get all this yeah okay
name my name is Eric okay do you like
our Wednesday's we decided to come in
one do one you should worry okay
yeah we sure anyway feed you'll soon
know the bomb okay we got the popcorn we
got the candy
we got everything got the water we're
gonna go is so cool gum okay here we go
Vivian oh it was good
go watch okay guys so we just got back
to the apartment and I just want to end
at this vlog because I really should
edit it tonight I'm gonna try to get up
early and go to the gym and I that means
that my vlog should be done so it can be
up jhumri is good for the night and
we're gonna do some Christmas shopping
tomorrow so I get excited for that and I
love you guys lt's from by mom
