good morning everyone so tired today
like I look so ratchet to coffee morning
guys and welcome to vlogmas day 20 blog
this day 20 currently 951 and we are
making breakfast well we are making
breakfast and they are making breakfast
I made breakfast the other day and then
I come out here and it's like Dark Souls
like oh okay makeup time Boop this is so
hard one-handed update took a shower
outfit on some makeup and then we're
going to head over to the same coffee
shop that we went to the other day so we
can all upload our vlogs because there's
only my hair yay let's sit makeup is
done no I just I got to figure out my
hair situation we're also literally
sitting at the dinner table like doing
our makeup it's kind of cool agenda of
the day is get vlogs up take pictures
chill and eat sounds great right
hi it's so hot in here what it's really
warming okay so we were currently at the
coffee shop and everyone's sitting
inside right there but it was literally
so hot in there so I came out here so
greatly editing videos uploading I'm
doing a thumbnail right now waiting for
my latte you don't see the process of
making a YouTube thumbnail so this is a
picture this is a screenshot from my
vlog and it's like so blue and I have to
like color correct it so basically ready
for this we're just gonna do a little
color correction there we go and then I
try to make it like true to color oh my
gosh thank you you did not have to hit
your hair is like balm today thank you
I've already gotten like three
compliment really
let's do this
okay so total fail I was going to show
you the process of making a thumbnail
but then I ended up changing my
thumbnail like four times because I
couldn't find a good one because the
lighting was all weird exciting the blog
is actually finally up so go ACTA it's
snowboarding on Christmas break I mean
I'm guessing you guys watch it how many
of you were behind on bug this and how
many of you are like caught like up with
each day let me know in the comments cuz
I'm actually really curious personally
I'm behind on watching other people's
trust me and I will binge watch them
like tonight whoa miss a 20th Christmas
is in five days there's only five we're
vlogs left oh my god oh my god that is
crazy I don't know how I've done this
look at this oh I totally broken
illustrate you don't mind that this is
where vodka starts then we have all of
this all of this there's so much there's
like a good four rows of videos and we
still have another one to do it is
intense
also lattes basically gone it was really
good so I'm kind of sad but I think
we're gonna go take some pictures now
and just kind of chill we really don't
have too many plans today but today's
meeting has been later today
all right yeah
okay currently taking pictures and
literally I'm like on top drama your
doctor niggas okay yes but I feel like
my legs look weak maybe that one's bad
maybe try to get any thanks to Getty hey
outfit change so we change outfits for
trying to find some potential picture
this is gorgeous I don't know if it's
gonna show up on camera at her car I
guess I shouldn't move to the side so I
got this shirt and it's so white and
paranoid of getting a dream it's so a
it's like crisp white what guys that we
have been walking how long have we like
other day felt like we've been walking
like an hour we were going to like walk
down the street and the next thing we
know we walk around like down to the
village and then we're walking back to
the cabin been a journey but it's an
awesome okay so we've got so many
pictures I don't know what it is but we
little bit always get so many pictures
and we get pictures together the only
thing that we're kind of really bummed
about is all the snow totally melted
from the other day so there's actually
none I actually
during q4 though it's silver cuff hey
guys guys even recording her like an
hour that's so cute
that is choke you I don't even play try
that's crazy
oh my god this sounds it's so pretty hi
Carol I see yeah I'm tired of breath
yeah how's it going up any mess at least
like two miles it has ever been
like you're not getting prima coffee oh
yes
okay guys Samia is currently live
streaming right now hello
I'm sorry right range when curriculum
good girl sorry who is this girl for
sale
I'm breakfast Oh Steven Cooper yeah I'm
yeah I'm sorry go get home
oh yeah for sure
okay guys so I just realized I totally
forgot to end the vlog today so I'm so
sorry
5f that you liked it give it a thumbs up
if you did question of the day have you
finished your Christmas shopping yet yes
or no let me know I mean I'll see you
guys tomorrow bye
