good morning guys what is up so today is
Friday happy Friday
fry day I saw her a target of the day
that I'd like fries and sad day so today
we are doing some filming I'm actually
gonna head co-come here so we are
actually going to go to our parents
house um so we can get some filming done
because I want to borrow their stairs we
obviously don't have stairs here
so yeah clothes already look at her
little harness hey come on I gotta grab
all this stuff also trying to get
yesterday's vlog up sorry it's a little
late it says it should be up in about
three minutes so there you go you guys
definitely cheating on Starbucks right
now we got coffee bean and we got ash
got me that he's on that latte okay well
haha
hazelnut pretty good I'm almost to my
parents house my dad's still here and
clothes back there a glue money but yes
so gonna film so you're gonna see you
behind the scenes of filming and video
really hoping it'll go up Sunday there
is a chance that it might not go up
Sunday let you know let you know but I'm
excited oh my gosh they're decorating
for Christmas
are you ready for this I'll think you
ready for it it's so obvious what I'm
filming now but that's okay little Lina
comes back also I think this video is
actually gonna go up next weekend now I
was kind of like sitting down thinking
about my schedule and I think that'll
work a lot better yeah I might be up in
a little bit but but yes also shout out
to mom and dad for letting me use your
stairs look how pretty the fire is and
the tree is me is and ashes hi mom hi we
did some filming I think we're gonna
stop for today we solve some other stuff
to do but I think we're in do the rest
at our apartment later next week yes so
we're gonna pack up and head home back
to our apartment and yes I think we also
are going to stop at the mall because we
want to get some Christmas shopping done
and some of our friends have birthdays
we want to get some like present
shopping done so that's excited so
that's exciting
yes also I guess today is a no makeup
day I was planning on putting makeup on
but then I was like it's cool also when
you guys watch this video obviously it's
like childlike obviously it's a now
versus then video when you watch it you
have to like laugh
because if any of you remember my old
pink room from when I made Beauty videos
yeah that room we filmed a scene in it
so when the video comes out you guys
have to comment be like oh my gosh
throwback to the pink room like only
like og Mac baby's nose what's up you
know to meet something like that so yes
and it was let's go let's go my outfit
is on fleek right now I'm do you see
this do you see this Birkenstocks and
socks heck yes literally like outfit
goals right now gold gold gold schools
goals
oh now I'm gonna load up car okay
heading back home which was help than I
am
well we kind of just watch that the
other night
interesting like a little angle logging
is it obvious whatever at least the
tribe does the track when we go to our
legit or now
people start making faces over here oh
yeah
lenses over here Sarah like woohoo and I
was like the camera can't see you so cat
exists like Friday night at them all but
yo where we going
where is it
did you do Christmas shopping so we're
currently going to Steve Madden because
I'm get some shoes
I'm actually going to a premiere next
week which is really excited for but I
need shoes
okay so Steve Madden was kind of a fail
didn't find anything there I think we're
gonna get some food soon maybe look at
shoes at Nordstrom and yes oh my god
that is K you
like a white one this is Caillou you
guys log me I am
CI w - I do okay Ally so just got home
and the first thing that I do is put on
comfy clothes even though I kinda was
already wearing comfy clothes but like
comfy clothes like hoodie take shoes off
and grab my pillow and the best blanket
in the world and we are going to just
watch some TV and chill ass whenever
talking about having like a sleepover
tonight like out in the living room but
we're such kids I swear like that's so
fun so we might do that how to plug in
the tree our tree still doesn't have a
star because the star that we had
literally makes this like Bend so bad I
just rhymed like I should at my blog
today oh I know but as you can tell by
the yawn that just happened I feel like
I'm probably gonna edit in the morning
you guys what movie should we watch even
though by the time you see this will
already know what we're gonna watch but
you should comment below your favorite
movie Oh question of the day what is
your favorite movie and put it in the
comments and that way next time we need
a movie suggestion we'll come back to
this vlog but I will you bet I will heck
yes ha Chios okay
