good morning guys what is up welcome to
vlogmas day oh gosh what is it
15 15 hey okay lighting is way better
we're here it's so cloudy and like
gloomy today I'm like really surprised
but I'm kind of down with it like I like
it cuz that means it'll feel more like
Christmas and like cold and like winter
you know you know also can we talk about
my amazing like ponytail right now like
my hair is so freakin cute right now
yeah I just wanted to start today's vlog
yeah I just been up yesterday's vlog
right here and I wanted to on what I
want to do I want to start this vlog
today is an exciting exciting day today
Ashley my sister my older sister she's
taking her last final ever for school
and then she graduates so she's gonna be
done so so so so excited for her so
she's actually taking her last final in
a little bitch actually has a
presentation so that's like her last
thing she's gonna be home around 2:00 it
is currently it is currently at 10:53
a.m. we're gonna surprise her my parents
are coming over and we want to have like
a little like surprise party King when
she comes home actually I'm totally
lying
I kind of just made this up I haven't
even told them what we're gonna do like
we were gonna celebrate but like I made
up the idea to like oh let's like it
like let's like get some desserts
let's get some balloons you know yeah
literally like I just made this up so I
was kind of lying saying that like that
was gonna happen because it wasn't
decided that that was gonna happen but I
decide I decided it was gonna happen so
yeah um Joss what's going on I need to
get ready because I have like so much to
do today I feel like and yeah I was so
excited and so proud of her and like I'm
just like it's been like that's such an
accomplishment in life like what the
heck could be done with school forever
oh cannot be me goals what Oh mark
okay see ya my parents gonna be here in
like an hour someone try to get ready um
and did you join
Gallants pick
I'm excited also I'm wearing these
awesome PJs I guess these are so comfy
so comfy okay so I'm going to reply to
some some comments and tweet I always
like try to reply to a lot of comments
like right after I upload and stuff and
I know a lot of you guys are like you
never reply to comments on here I see
that I'm like trust me I see every
single comment you pose
everyone who's like I bet $1,000 less
you won't see this oh I see it I see it
yeah like why do we go oh we got to
third guy they've had about arrangement
oh yeah there's something in that rip
and there's chocolate pineapple which is
my treat brain open the other bonus
anything else we love you and are so
proud of all you've accomplished
congratulations on graduating Biola
mom dad Leah Leah strawberry
this is Alicia's favorite in myself oh
my god how's it feel how does it feel
feel relieved a lot of you you're just
now living I feel like I should plan out
like what I want to do these next few
days because I can cuz I got time
yeah just looks so much bigger than I
thought I was gonna be yeah how is it is
a bomb which one can I have which one do
I want
I kind of think I want a banana frozen
banana congratulations
he works oh hi kid oh boy oh boy oh boy
huh hmm I was like I'm so blown away so
I was not expecting a party oh yeah this
is a awesome party
it's like hey boy okay is it too big he
said you can switch it out your honor
may be good I figured you could always
put it on a different yeah um okay guys
so we are currently filming I can't feel
oh my god it feels like a it's been
forever since I've like blogged and this
like set up you know feels like forever
since we've just done an intro well I
guess my last videos with Ava the the
one before that I didn't have an intro
and then I think the one before that it
was like a really quick and drop so it's
been a bit also currently rocking the
sweater you guys I like I designed this
sweater it says it's lit and as a
Christmas tree with like lights so cute
right yeah um it's it's like super comfy
- I'm literally like love it like I
actually do I'm pretty sure you guys are
able to buy this - so in my next video
is coming out Sunday guys can like hear
all hear all about that yeah it's good I
thought it was so cute yeah we're trying
a slightly different set up I mean it's
the same thing that I'm kind of like
over more shouldn't see brighter do
things okay that's the one let's do also
I totally put my hair up because I was
like I'm Erin but I put my hair like
down on my bangs up if you can even call
them bangs or getting so long I feel
like I just cut them they're pretty sure
I need to cut them again Ashley do you
mind blogging for me hi hi Taylan yeah
see this do you see this it's like
Christmas tree
what okay guys so filming it's done I
just um touched on my makeup because
we're going out for Ashlee's dinner
graduation dinner thing I mentioned
earlier and today's the blog I'm Taryn
is going to be a group of so I'm gonna
vlog I'm gonna try to vlog a little bit
before we go I gotta figure out what I'm
wearing because I mean I could wear this
hood I don't think I'm probably should
change you know something some little
cooler you know okay so I need a shirt
to wear wearing black pants and I see
you pick out a shirt
apparently it's casual but here's the
thing I feel like everyone has a
different version of casual like some
people's casual is like jeans and a
t-shirt and some people's casual is like
really cute casual I don't know I was
thinking about wearing this top but then
I was describing it - and I was like oh
the one with the sequin so I was like
okay sequins probably not casual so
putting that back
I was like does it look better this I
know maybe like a flannel
we asked are you wearing a flannel yeah
Ashley's wearing a flannel I've camera
fun I mean I could wear my own well I'll
let her shine it is her her dinner party
um okay
no flannel what oh I'm kind of really
not feeling like a one-piece that feels
like too much work so I'm not gonna wear
that I okay I shop all the time why do I
feel like I need clothes right now like
I have no clothes I know I'm not the
only girl in the world who films this
way I'm definitely not feeling a crop
top by the way Vicki if you're watching
this this is yours that I accidentally
took when we filmed that Halloween video
so if you're looking for it it's right
here don't feel like a dress I just want
a shirt maybe Ashley has a shirt do
you've a shirt I can wear what shoes oh
I'm great at this
mm can I give you my black ones black
ones they look just like that but
they're bought okay I think I decided on
this Ashley was like hey I have this
sweater thing and I was like yo hug it
up and then I'm honestly just gonna
leave my hair up I don't even care is
the makeup there's the hair I'm probably
gonna already do it in the car
and here's mail that also rocking the
black van back at it again with the
black vans just could I actually haven't
wore this a long time okay guys so I
totally decided on a half after all of
that deciding what use my hair was like
I'm just gonna wear a hat like it looks
decent pony ha hey I haven't talked
about these in a while but I'm still
obsessed with these mints they aren't
going good excited I'm very clear you
look so pretty with your hair like that
thank you
my sister is hot
I got everyone's like are you a cat runs
anymore
we are so friend Hey so eyes on in his
vlog I literally fell asleep on the
couch ran for like an hour and I'm like
mer guys I love you so much thank you
for watching I'll see you tomorrow with
a new block and oh you buddy huh
you
