good morning guys what is up
so today is December 14th oh my god
christmas is almost ten days okay sorry
I had to get that out it's currently at
9 at 57 and oh I provided me - Oh meal
like an hour ago
damn that's kind of that so I was
currently just editing at yesterday's
vlog so I can get that up and I realized
I never really show you guys when I edit
my vlogs and I put them up so I was like
I should show you guys in today's vlog
of what the process is usually like oh
my I mean Mormons already really good
do you like my awesome pages are these
is this uh-oh like so stylish so this is
hilarious out of all the places that I
can sit and edit my blogs here the place
where I usually do it is my tail I don't
know I just kinda like standing here I
can editing my blogs at least in the
morning so yeah and then every shot when
you guys see me making coffee today
we're doing the Starbucks holiday
Christmas blend every time I show is
logging or every time I should be making
coffee my blogs I'm usually like over
there editing
updates currently 10:03 and i think this
video is about that i was kind of going
here making sure like the music levels
and everything was good I'm gonna bum
bum bum bum okay so I think I'm just
going to rewatch this make sure that
it's good and then we can upload
seriously uploading a vlog in the
morning is one of like the most
satisfying things in the world because
you worked on it all the day before all
the night before because you're editing
it and then putting it public to you so
yes I am so so so it's so excited and um
I hope you guys like this look I'll be
like this vlog Bobby you're watching
okay
are you I think you're good you guys I
got a package I am so excited for this I
don't think I told you that I ordered
this but I did some of you probably
won't care but others of you might care
so as you know my friends and I have
kind of been obsessed snowboarding I
ordered a new jacket and pants from
zuny's I can open it I ordered this
hoping it would come before yesterday so
I could wear it yesterday but obviously
didn't comment time it actually came
yesterday oh gosh I was trying to avoid
not using scissors
I'm in right now do me a favor pause the
video and comment below what color
jacket you think I got okay
can you guess it I'll show you my pants
first
oh I forgot this - oh my god okay I also
got this jacket it's a lot thinner like
it's not like a huge huge snow on which
this would have been perfect for
yesterday because it was kind of hot
yesterday my battery died okay um but
yes so excited for this I I think it's
so cute it's just like a purple
Letterman's varsity's kind of jacket
looking thing someone texts to me now
I'm gonna show you the pants that I got
so we're the pants I got these I think
oh no you guys they love this sensor on
I have to go into the store dang that's
yes got that onto the jacket oh my god
it's so - I got a bright blue jacket oh
my gosh
yeah I'm just excited to have options
now I'm gonna be like ooh do I wanna
wear my blue jacket don't want to wrap
you jacket or my purple jacket but yeah
that is what it looks like
mini zoomies haul for you guys that's
everything that I got I'm really bummed
about these pants though ma'am it's okay
um maybe I can go exchange this tomorrow
okay so I think I'm going to go get
ready for my day I need a shower wash my
hair and have every yard for my day I
mentioned this the other vlog I forget
which one it was I'm actually going to a
movie premiere tonight so I'm actually
like oh so excited for that I realized I
said actually a million times right
there
so I'm sorry this is horrible I should
know the name of it I want to say it's
the passengers with Jennifer Lawrence
and Chris Pratt I should probably start
getting ready
somewhat okay yay let's do it okay so
currently about to do my makeup and then
I'm gonna watch some vlogs don't mind
the fact that I have a dry shampoo just
like in my hair so if you're wondering
like why it's all grey that is why but
yes
so since I'm wearing that black dress
that I showed you guys I think I'm going
to do like a really dark smoky eye so
it's gonna be a little dramatic a little
more dramatic than normal but yes okay
got the makeup let's do it let's do it
oh my god applause
forgot my coffee now let's do it
hey guys update time so we are currently
about to go to the premiere and sorry
it's been a bit since I've blogged about
I want to show you a my outfit because I
mentioned it I showed it you guys my
know a lot of you guys wanted to see it
on here it out in our friends mushroom
day is from BBC tazing it's a little big
though I don't like that and I just like
straightener today honestly I was too
lazy to get it done and that was too
lazy to do anything else to it so hello
guys
obviously I'm back home from the
premiere and I was just editing this
vlog the movie was actually really
really good I'm really not much into
like space movies but this one was
really good it was definitely more of a
kind of like a romance too but it was
good it was really good
also can we talk about the fact that
literally Chris Pratt and Jennifer
Lawrence were like three feet away from
me not even kidding
Jennifer something like so pretty like
gorgeous so freakin pretty also I met a
lot of you guys there so if you said hi
hi thanks for saying hi and it was so
nice meeting you guys anyways I think
I'm going to get ready for bed take
shower and yeah anyways I love you guys
I'll see you tomorrow
bye MA
you
