good morning guys welcome to vlogmas day
well okay I'm getting smashed so if you
thought yesterday's vlog or the day the
blog before we talked about going
snowboarding today so that's what we're
doing we're currently headed up to Big
Bear I made a stop to get some snacks
gas station huh white-chocolate
macadamia-nut Clif Bar my face Chex Mix
yo in the water gotta hydrate yourself
okay we just got here we are going to
our Lauren and I are gonna buy season
passes and they're old and expensive Mia
was able to buy like a youth one save
$100 won it you weren't out of youth I
had 22 it's considered you that it's so
bright oh my gosh we're pretty pumped
we're ready
Glenn come on metal
I like your earmuffs they super cute
haha last time I realized that I forgot
to vlog on this ski left and it
seriously so pretty it's beautiful here
we go here we go question of the day
have you snowboard or ski before or
what's your favorite sport oh yes so
much colder here dang it's the time I'm
vlogging
let's do it okay guys so challenge the
Lauren for vlogging her they're
currently trying to work on an s-curve
which is like you're on your heels and
your toe and that's the goal today we're
all trying to work on that got it pretty
good it's just not like consistent but
like working on it yeah the views so
pretty I feel like it's easy to take it
for granted and just like forget that is
here but it's here it's so pretty
ah whoa that was crazy it was just an
app check also Mia got the like snapchat
spectacles tour like it's snapchat from
these glasses so I'm kind of really
excited to use them wondering why her
snaps are like legit now this is a yeah
okay guys so we are done boarding it so
much fun we all like I mean Laura is
already really good but we all got so
much better like so much better right
now we are currently going to W place go
into the base place you have a base
picking up your therapy get your Darby
I'm miss belated thing we'd always
there's a compilation that people made
this guy is so pity yeah
and you're in luck
no problem could I get a venti skinny
soy vanilla vodka
thank you
only reason I got into be quite happy
bagel bagel we got a venti Kitty silly
vanilla latte because I had a free
reward and I was gonna get a Grande but
when you get a reward doesn't matter
what your size you did yeah boom boom
boom so excited yes we're gonna head
home it says it's gonna take like two
hours also my battery is flashing I
apologize if it dies this is the car not
my engine this yeah yeah yeah yeah tip
oh wait I can do it I can do this I
don't believe in me
whoo okay we are back at Mia's apartment
yes we are and we got some food
seriously it's so hungry we're ordered
from Cafe Gratitude and Gilles so we're
just gonna chill can or can't can come
back this thing is so good I want to see
it's the liberated noodles kelp noodles
it's really good he's like a parmesan
like kind of thing but it's like not and
it's really good that one for me one for
me why is there no pork so every single
time I'm at Mia's I always leave so much
stuff today my goal is to not leave
anything I know but no no no no every
time I'm I didn't leave a single thing I
don't think of a single thing you look
like five things I know if I didn't try
your log camera no I didn't try last
time like this time actually like okay
let's yuck jacket we got gloves hey guys
I'm calling it I didn't leave anything
silly amazing
my hair is crazy my glasses here you'll
find something no no I really I really
looked I almost left a cord but I got it
I'm feeling pretty pretty confident in
my packing skills really though my hair
what is this okay guys I brought Walden
today it's just Walden my pillow pet I
didn't even know that was human dignity
yeah he's up to like six months ago okay
well what if I wanted this here to be
like my coffee cup or whatever
you see here yeah how I use it for water
last time but I was like six months ago
so so yeah hey guys what is up I'm so
sorry I actually forgot to end the vlog
last night so I'm ending it right now I
hope that you liked it if you did give
it a thumbs up and yeah I'll see you
guys tomorrow with a new vlog I love you
bye mwah
