hey guys what thing a very very late
start in today's vlog which I'm kind of
not happy about but you know what that's
cool like things happen and there's
nothing you can do about it
no there's nothing you can do about
certain things today it's one of those
days the good news is I have been
productive yet I feel like I've made no
progress
do you have days like that because same
literally mean today so my room is a
complete mess I'm not even gonna try to
clean it and act like my life is
together right now cuz it's completely
not you know like for a split second I
had the thought of like oh I should
probably probably no clean some of this
maybe I should hide it so you guys can't
see it this is cool you know I know you
guys love me for who I am and I'm not
defined by the rest of my room right now
cool anyways I'm gonna throw on some
makeup right now watch some vlogs try to
relax as you can't I'm just calling
marks right now I'd have a lot to do a
little stress well little stress if you
guys remember from yesterday's vlog I
called Mia and I was like yo when are we
going snowboarding did you want to go
snowboarding tomorrow Tuesday so thank
you sit around country say love you miss
you my bad
we decided on Tuesday which is tomorrow
so we wanted to leave really early so
I'm going to spend the night tonight
later tonight I'm most likely going to
head over to her apartment I'm just
gonna put on a little bit of makeup
honestly don't even need too much so
here's kind of like my makeup routine
when I'm just feeling lazy so it usually
starts with some concealer and I usually
always put too much concealer on on
accident so it ends up turning into like
foundation that's too late for my skin
okay so something like that is putting
some powder over that do-do-do-do-do
sorry where me I'm gonna have to meet
with you right now a little bit of
contour bronzer just kind of something
to warm up the face and this may still
be more than like your everyday makeup
routine but this is just what I do when
I'm not really trying to do my makeup so
like I don't know when I'm just like
makeup fast like in a hurry I guess I
don't know just like something and
honestly is eyebrows for me like just a
little concealer and some eyebrows make
the biggest difference
so speaking um come on where's my blush
brush where and my polish brush day
right found it I think today I'm gonna
try this coral color just to kind of
just to kind of see you know eyebrows I
would use a little pencil one but I ran
out so I'm using the Anastasia dip brow
I don't know I'm talking like this at
all
I'm just kind of filler filler filler in
like this but Phillip Phillip Phillip
Phillip in my biz but oh my god I swear
the time I'm trying to show you how I do
my makeup everything just goes wrong
with my brows are way too dark right now
oh man she's my luck it's cool it's cool
it's cool illness girl
M that's all you do that's pretty much
it I probably should put something on
that it's so yeah that's kind of what I
just do when it's like everyday makeup
that day like that hope that you likes
that little a bird's eye makeup tutorial
you trying to get a thumbnail right now
okay so if you guys saw yesterday's vlog
you would know that I went shopping with
a of s is do a huge holiday giveaway
haul what I got you for Christmas slash
gift ideas video so I need to go
thumbnail because like I said I'm most
likely leaving tonight basically that
means I gotta take this picture now I
have all the prizes right here we are
going to head out to the living room to
take a picture totally wearing the
sweatshirt that I got yesterday from
brandy melville but guess what I did
just guess just guess what I did to my
very brand new sweater sweatshirt
already spill on it I don't know if you
can tell but I can tell I don't like it
it makes me release up
sorry I'm how to get that up right I
mean this is everything so it's a lot
later I actually think it's almost like
12 hours later last time I blogged ah I
may or may not be it means no gin that
we're gonna be going snowboarding
tomorrow so we're super excited for that
um but yeah today was just like a long
very busy slash stressful day everything
is good and um I just wanted to say
sorry in case this vlog is unbelievably
short but I promise tomorrow's vlog will
be super fun anyways I love you guys so
so so so so much and thank you for all
the support and can you believe we're
about halfway through vlogmas I know but
don't worry I'm gonna keep blogging yeah
25th get excited for tomorrow's like
right
