what is going on right here oh my gosh
hey guys so made some coffee as you can
probably tell because I make it in every
single block so today is a very exciting
day I'm not leaving for a while but I'm
going to go ahead and do some shopping
with Ava today I'm really excited and I
know you guys are probably extremely
excited totally rockin my baby it's cold
outside mug but I mean it's like kind of
cold outside but it's not like super
cold but but yes whoa ha ha
hola I'm two things one I'm currently
blogging to did you want to go
snowboarding tomorrow Tuesday I think
everyone was gonna choose it but we want
to go Monday but I also longer both I
was wondering cuz I'm some I've and I
are actually filming today so I'm
leaving in like an hour and a half so I
was curious if I should spend the night
tonight
and then we can leave early tomorrow or
if we're going to x' day okay the rounds
going to say okay cool yeah love you
miss you bye that beam is bad okay so
time to do some makeup and to come do it
at my desk because I I'm just over
sitting on the floors just changing it
up you know got the coffee and I'm going
to watch some YouTube videos just do it
random shaving cream let's try to make
this to make them look cute
okay so I think I think I told you guys
what's going on today Ava and I are
filming our yearly Alicia giveaway we're
gonna be doing some Christmas shopping
today and buying all the supplies Wow
Wow
buying all of the presents and all that
fun stuff so I'm so excited everyone is
like are you still friends with Ava how
come you never talked to Ava how come
you never vlog Ava how come you guys
never film together anymore there is
literally like nothing ever happened
there's no hard feelings like literally
we just don't see each other that often
keep in mind when we did hang out all
the time it's because we were basically
neighbors like we literally lived five
minutes away from each other and now we
live like almost two hours away from
each other um he says it still thinks so
weird I'm also really hoping just to get
some other Christmas shopping done
because I realize that Christmas is
pretty dang soon and I honestly haven't
done any shopping well last night I
ordered some stuff online and yeah I'm
really running out of time because next
week my family and I are actually going
somewhere so that's exciting actually
leave Saturday get excited for dad yeah
so that takes some time out of my
Christmas shopping awesome totally gonna
try out the NARS blush palette that I
unboxed not that long ago and I'm
curious to see how it looked oh my god
this is so pretty I think I'm gonna do
this one and I go in with that like the
darkest color because why not
oh my god it's so pretty
okay guys so make Mazon hair is done I
just straightened it I have a feeling
it's like super overcast today so I was
feeling I'm just gonna kind of go cool I
like I don't even know how I what I said
right there was like dude whatever into
my mouth oops I have a feeling it's
gonna go poo hopefully it stays good yes
I'm going to head out uh I'm self put
lipstick on here to drink coffee tea
mark Oh get excited y'all let's do it
okay so just got to Santa Monica I
purposely came a little bit early
because I actually would love to do some
of my own Christmas shopping
someone is rocking out to Beyonce right
now just parked and I've actually never
parked on the top of the structure
before like I'm on the roof and you guys
this is such a pretty view oh my gosh I
hope you can see how pretty it is it is
gorgeous
yeah anyway oh I should snap pops
oh my gosh sorry Jimmy
we are vlogging okay I've actually
gotten that a lot lately I don't know on
Oh Santa - mom Santa's just got a latte
and I'm really excited for this right
now
my god so moderately in urban and we are
doing some shopping for yours fun fact
I've wanted this backpack for the
longest time but Ashley in May are like
you have too many backpacks don't get it
so I'm getting it for you guys I'm
living vicariously through this right
yay look who we met introduce yourself
Emily I'm Rosie thinking think more like
you so kind of dying right now because I
literally has new shoes in cheer and
like now they're all stylish and I kinda
want to get them just for like a
throwback you know it's like kind of
epic currently heading to a Victoria's
Secret because of an urban I got some
stuff for me at UM brandy melville so
excited for that at the Apple Store
looking for some prizes and this color
is so nice leather like flashing right
now my god want to get a laugh I'm not
sure we're going to get here
here we are we literally have so much
stuff stuff beyond stuff I think you
guys would be really excited for that
I'm super excited third annual hash tag
every should it should always Rip Curl
do only fair a bit time
so Carly at Amos plays and it's stuck
you and I love it
I wish used a those I can see the ocean
because literally ocean is right there
and I'm kind of like kind of really sad
it's okay just means up to come back we
are currently sorting out all the
giveaway prizes and trying to figure out
what groups we want to do to give them
all away and then we're going to start
filming soon so yeah the main Channel
video is that I'm gonna be up Monday or
Tuesday so either the day you're
watching this or tomorrow look at all
this amazing stuffs gonna be nice long
wooly bear bear bear bear she's gonna
charge thank you hahahaha
we're about to film the epic what we got
you guys for Christmas slush gift ideas
watch giveaway slash epic all pretty
excited burn excited he decided to wear
onesies shout out to Ava for supplying
supplying the onesie
I'm I loved it little reindeer one I'm
Anna right here cute it was good let's
do this let's knock it out because yeah
that we can go to bed literally our
motivation and so we can go to bed also
I don't know if you guys know but I've
been doing blog miss where I've been
vlogging every single day until
Christmas
we've both been doing it and we've been
killing and not a lot good so good got
our vlog channels to playing at the Dell
bar we are tell oh I'm so excited that
was like so fun and so easy and I really
hope that you guys like this video
hey guys whoop I'm at back home now
honestly there was like no traffic and I
was so excited I got home so fast
anyways I love you guys so much I just
wanted to end this vlog I hope that you
liked it if you did you don't want to do
give it a thumbs up give it a thumbs up
see you guys tomorrow with another day
of vlog this and yeah bye
huh
