hey guys what is up welcome to vlogmas
day 10 which is crazy oh my gosh it's
vlogmas day 10 only 15 more days till
Christmas
Watto anyways hitting a little later
start in the vlog today but that's cool
that's cool we went to breakfast this
morning which was a lot of fun so now
we're back home just like chillin
watching some friends what else to do
oh um I ordered a new camera I don't
know if you guys have noticed I'm having
some camera issues lately and like I've
been really frustrated and I really
honestly was not happy with yesterday's
vlog today like literally I just like I
ordered it it should be your Tuesday and
I'm really excited really excited for
that speaking of cameras this battery is
flashing which means I need to recharge
it which means I need to charge it okay
let's see charger where are you charger
so it's been a bit since I've done an
unboxing and I actually got this package
the other day and I was like wait Alicia
you need to vlog this yo got a pocket
also have another package then I'm gonna
open two so the first one is this huge
huge box from Tarte pretty sure I know
what it is only because it's there's a
sticker here says get lit with Tarts now
I don't know about you guys but I kind
of think of like a Christmas tree and by
the size of this like it feels like it
could be a little tree but then I also
like I have no idea do it oh my gosh
this is so cute oh my god wait wait wait
I take it's a little like light-up tree
oh my god this is so cute it's like a
little Charlie Brown tree I want to see
it light up though oh my god
it's so cute so here we have a little
box yes I also love their packaging they
was having the cutest little packaging
and stuff okay let's open this one Oh
get lit this holiday to get it like
highlight lips tree lit oh so clever
okay
dude so exciting okay so first is the hi
Mia so versus a pro to go palette and it
just has a whole bunch of like
highlights and stuff which I really
really like this I can tell I'm really
going to use this this one is also super
pretty I want to swatch it so that it's
so velvety oh highlight on fleek yo and
this one I'm actually pretty sure I
already have this one so I may give it
away to someone but yeah it's their
contour in a highlight palette which is
so pretty I've already used the other
one before and I really liked it so yeah
so that's all the hard stuff that I got
okay and then I already know what this
is and I feel bad and I should have
opened it like last week but Bath & Body
Works sent this and I already watched
other people in boxes so I do know what
it is but basically they were having a
sale on their candles so they sent a
huge bag and like the empty containers
for it and they sent a gift cool so much
confetti so much good money but they
sent a gift card so that's what's up so
you know that some of the recent boxes
that I've gotten so that's super
exciting super super exciting oh also I
want to show you guys the dress if you
saw yesterday's vlog I mentioned that
I'm actually going to the premiere of
almost Hood strangers
nope redo going to the premiere of the
passengers movie with Jennifer Lawrence
and Chris Pratt's I'm really excited for
that that's next week but I got a romper
dress thing that I want to show you that
yesterday and I thought it was a thumbs
cute it's funny to show someone hence
why hauls our thing let me let me like
hang it up real quick
okay so here it is I don't know if you
can see it that well a black rock I'm
pretty sure it's a romper I was looking
last night oh shut up
just kidding it's a dress yeah it's a
dress that's cool anyways um but it's
this black dress and the main reason why
I love it is because of this sleeves the
detailing on the sleeves is so pretty so
I got that if you were curious I got it
from BB so we're looking for like a
holiday dress or anything super cute I
should probably try it on because I
haven't tried it on yet but I have this
thing where I hate trying stuff on I'm
really lazy like I hate trying stuff on
I swear I'm always taking trash out of
my room like there's always so much
trash so annoying
like firstworldproblems right there
literally okay okay
I've had this gingerbread house for a
bit and I kinda want to have some of it
I filmed I use this for my vlogmas intro
if you guys remember that ready one two
oh shoot oh shoot oh shoot
why is it a sorry yep
oh my god oh oh
ill don't eat old gingerbread houses
good why we're going to get food whoa we
got this when you're waiting for the red
light to change to your face isn't Rann
got some food got some fade got some big
a big time it's a bit later and we are
going to the gym get our workout on what
get on workout okay
I realized I've like never logged at the
gym so we're probably bigger like an
hour ish ish not too long
currently 8:40 p.m. on a Saturday night
and clearly everyone else was better
plans on the Saturday night because
literally no one is here there's like a
few people here but like one or two
people are you ready put in are you look
you can we get an outfit of the day Gym
edition yes yes you should under what
happened mm-hm I teacher is from Oh cute
cute very cute get to the latter place
oh my I said Rolla my sports bra is from
adore me Lyons and I use net let's do my
outfit of the day so shirt is from I
forget oh oh yeah it's New Balance
Sports crashes leggings that I from
Target a my shoes are making
so they're like people here earlier now
there's nothing like a get go I can talk
to you Tim jumper right now Ashley's
doing some like horse stuff
let's do it Tim I really gotta breath oh
my god
I'm so tired
oh yeah literally sweating so bad right
now oh my god I totally meant to take
off my makeup too before we came coming
huh look girl do at the gym take us here
yay hey guys so it's the next morning
and I totally wrapped it in my blog last
night I am so sorry and I'm sorry that I
look look like this yeah believe you
guys so much and I'll see you tomorrow
with a new vlog it's super exciting ones
to get excited oh also know main channel
video today is actually going to be up
Monday or Tuesday
most likely Monday so I will let you
know um but yes just just long until you
guys know okay you know it's obvious bye
