good morning I love how my gingerbread
house is like right there - did you - oh
that's really hot
okay so got some coffee there's a really
good today love what is good so Tuesday
today's day today is a filming day my
dad is over he's visiting and he's going
to help me film with so excited for
thanks dad thanks dad
so yes actually oh this is crooked I'm
sorry all right
oh why are you more Crick oh no no no
okay so I'm going to put on some makeup
and then I have to run to target because
I need to get like one thing maybe -
thanks we'll see then we're gonna get
started stuff I'm back in my apartment
if you have could not tell if you can
with so I keep saying weekend but I
guess we left Sunday the cabin trip was
so much fun I thought you guys liked
those vlogs we seriously had so much fun
and if you didn't see them then you
should definitely go watch those vlogs
because we went snowboarding and we just
had a girls trip cabin and it was
seriously
Ruffo night okay so now I'm just going
to put off the makeup I'll take your hit
okay i think i'm only going to put a
little bit of makeup on today so that
seems good for now i put a little bit of
foundation and then filled in my
eyebrows a little bit everyone who's
been asking yes I get eyelash extensions
that's what my lashes look like then
trust me they would not look this good
on their own okay sorry here we go I've
seen some PJ's and teeth and I think
that's all yeah Arrington tintin tintin
tintin tintin oh my gosh this is so cute
that is adorable I love it I want it
okay I'm looking for some PJ but I'm not
seeing what I'm wanting okay
so I think we got everything I'm gonna
go check out right Nana tintin tintin
tintin genichi up that dude my hair is
like Murphy today custom clothes gots
toothbrushes so also it's in desperate
need of a new toothbrush and like why do
they do this they literally have a
million different types of toothbrushes
actually I got these for like when
friends come over because there's a lot
of times we forget the toothbrush so I
got that got this one
like a spinny one the moming is good
cool see that's it you guys still
comment of the day what type of
toothbrush to use let me know in the
comments let me know
okay so I'm a little stressed because
the Sun basically setting I haven't
started filming yet sometimes ahem
okay so we've got two gooded now we're
gonna go home
okay so I'm trying to plan out my video
right now and we got some stuff from
Target and I feel like if I show you
you're gonna know exactly what the video
is and try a sign if I should make a
secret brush to show you I don't know
maybe like in a couple days I'll show
you more behind the scene like this
video if you want to see more behind the
scene let me know anyways yes I also
totally reheated my coffee from earlier
that's what's going on I also have a lot
of cleaning to do I feel like the
apartment is a mess my room is a mess I
so much laundry to do I should probably
do that um yes just wanted to update you
guys all so shout out to Ashley for
letting me use your camera what - still
at Mia's I supposed to go to LA today so
that's why I was gonna stop by and grab
my camera from her place but now I'm not
going to Elle anymore but I'll be there
tomorrow so I think tomorrow I'll go by
her apartment and grab my camera laughs
you don't know about that watch
yesterday's vlog because that explains
it all yeah yep currently making some
dinner we're making a like pesto pasta
thing pretty excited Oh noodles are
cooking this is cooking and yes he's
currently at 6:09 p.m. stated knock was
planned I didn't film and I just got
really like overwhelmed and stressed and
I had just like chill for a good like
two hours I even like almost fell asleep
I didn't but I almost didn't feel so
much better now I feel like I was just
really overwhelmed with filming and
everything and and yes but that's okay
like you know things are good feel like
a lot of you guys are always like you're
so happy all time I'm like no there's
plenty times I'm not there's plenty of
times that I'm just like completely
overwhelmed and don't know what to do if
I'm like yeah anyways decided just to
have moral night and clean and get you
know all that stuff so I'm currently
making some dinner for my dad 9:00
hey guys so I am in a weird mood say
leise I don't know I succumb needs event
today was weird and just kind of really
hard for me to vlog and I knew this
would happen eventually at some point
for vlogmas because vlogging every
single day like obviously like there's
bound to be like not as happy days and a
time that is not happy today I'm just
very stressed and like I don't know like
oh gosh I don't even know what I'm
trying to say right now um I have a
problem where I like put things off when
I don't want to deal with them and for
instance like they vlogging was one and
then the next thing I know the day is
over and I'm like great now I have no
footage today but today just is one of
those vlogs were you know things aren't
like you know I don't know um what am i
even join is there no on my China sir I
guess there's one let you guys know that
you know my life isn't perfect and I
feel like there's plenty of times
it looks like it's perfect and that you
guys think it's like perfect and
everything's amazing and stuff and like
I don't know like I don't know I feel
like Jace is one of those days words
just like no I just want to be like real
with you guys and not try to act like
it's amazing or go do something just for
the vlog or like you don't mean like
today is just me having a birthday and
that's totally okay like I said my life
is not perfect
everyone has days like this but I'm just
documenting it for the world to see
overall I do feel a little better I'll
probably feel better after I honestly
edit this vlog I'm currently cleaning my
room in June laundry and I don't know
maybe tomorrow I'll just wake up and
I'll feel a lot better I don't know
literally like all day I felt like
anxious like I have so much to do stress
I feel fat but then I want to eat let's
be real I'm probably gonna start my
period soon watched I'm like yeah TMI
sorry but just went there Oh couple he
was gonna happen honestly but that would
make sense I would make complete sense
so much laundry but it's done just
kidding only this baskets done I still
have like some over there so it's not
done just kidding guys I really think
about my summer period because I just
ate a candy bar yeah that happened
anyways iPhones in this vlog I ended up
I can never see that work I edited it I
edited it up until this point so I just
want to end it say goodnight I have to
be up early so I'm hoping to upload it
tonight so I can be ready to go and I
just put it public in the morning love
you guys thank you so much for watching
and I'll see you guys tomorrow with
vlogmas day 8 bye
