good morning guys and welcome to vlogmas
day 3 yes still currently at me as if
you did what couldn't tell / haven't
watched the other vlogs yes we are going
to face place then I get some coffee and
honestly my Alfred noticed Oh / ready
for this fun fact I woke up in the
middle tonight like so hot so I totally
stole this from you yeah that happen and
then have Swale because my shorts are
really short and you know gotta have
that and then I'm wearing PD bottoms and
then warm up selling very weather
confused
so that's current situation it's still
pretty obsessed with this perfume if you
go to Urban Outfitters you should get it
it smells so good really like that then
kind of sunglasses to the base place
Daniel I hi
jumped inside
so excited yes this looks so good for
you Bakley it stay here for a second
okay I got the usual I skinny so vanilla
latte
we got a protein back this was the last
one last one I got fed up Monday time
it's been a bit since I've blogged but
we are here with everyone everyone and
we're walking as you can see currently
so we actually are going on a girls trip
which really excited for we're going to
be going tomorrow through Tuesday are
going to Big Bear so we decided to come
to they're having like a snowboard skis
no board convention thing so we're going
to go buy some some gear we are update I
mean dinner
starving tightly and
go ahead
because that's a much neater
I got sweet potato fries and they're
pretty good
okay we could test it by each other
what color you getting I'm gonna get
white you guys I am obsessed with my
nails and this is actually so
ridiculously embarrassing but I actually
haven't had any other color except white
on my nails for over two years not even
kidding and I got a light light light
light light light pink I love it it's
like I changed so much living on the
edge oh my gosh yes we're back at Mia's
apartment and I want you guys my name
you still look white you'll have to just
see them maybe against the blue can you
see that yeah Percy right / - I like
them you look so cute in her
snowboarding jacket speaking of I'm
gonna show you guys a mini haul of what
I bought today umm yes ah yay here is oh
wow wow what was that um yeah here's
everything it's kind of too bright let's
turn it down but oh so this is basically
the haul of everything I just want to
let you know you should really
appreciate this lighting because I got a
really poor thanks to me as she told me
I should get the like to be better and I
did it and I did it so yeah um pretend
pretend that didn't happen
ahh Oh Oh buddy why are you so cute in
conclusion no clue um also everyone
comment if you love me as hair up
because I love me as hair up and um um
yeah okay so speed round snowboard gear
haw okay first of all this convention
apparently like is really well known and
everyone like even from other states
flew over or drove just so they could
like get really good deals everything
was like thirty to fifty percent off of
everything so it looks like we got a lot
but I promise it was a really good deal
first
we really needed just a jacket and pant
so I got them these pants are just white
and this really cute pink jacket I got
some gloves so that's like the attire
where Emma was getting boards and then
we were all like okay well if everyone's
getting a board we all should get a
board snowboard which is so funny kind
of unnecessary but it was really
inexpensive on a board
I'll show you guys it obviously you'll
see it later when it's all like together
yes go snowboarding the future again
yeah well we figured like it some
bindings and then white boots to go with
it so I am so excited excited hello guys
so it is currently 3 a.m. it's been a
while since I last vlog but I just
wanted to end this vlog we could go to
me is moms to get her mom's car and then
we stopped by my apartment to get a
whole bunch of stuff for the next few
days and stuff and then we made it home
and it's really late but I'm going to
try to edit a little bit anyways I hope
that you guys enjoyed it this vlog sorry
if it was up a little later than normal
I'm gonna try to have it up in the
morning though but yeah I love you guys
so much and I'll see you tomorrow with
vlogmas day 4
what brought a roll okay bye guys mmm
ahh
