hey guys what up today is Thursday
November it's on the screen uh so it's
currently like 1 o'clock this morning I
had a great morning I just enjoyed my
coffee watch some YouTube videos got
yesterday's vlog up got ready as you can
tell how to make up on haven't done my
hair yeah I showered so I just let it
air dry but it kind of liking how it's
drying so I may just like I don't know
we'll see what we do with it today wait
we'll see what we do with it today
Ashley is at school but once she gets
back we're gonna start filming so I
think I'm just going to start kind of
cleaning up getting ready for that I did
some errands earlier to to get
last-minute things that we needed
there's something here that's guys I've
had such great self-control I got these
lovely things this morning and oh my
gosh I just want I want that's all I can
say I want I want oh it smells so good
for this week's video maybe I'll have
one later although I probably shouldn't
but I really want so I might yeah other
than that I mean I saw some little
things to do but it's gonna be good I
should probably nut my room because
we're gonna film for like the injure all
that stuff so we should do that we
should do that all said you guys love
how I'm constantly cleaning my room like
in my last vlog I think I clean my room
and now here I am again cleaning my room
it's kinda you know at least I'm
cleaning like that's how I kind of look
at it I don't care how quick it gets
messy again as long as I'm cleaning boom
we just filmed the intro outro for this
video
any time we just did some filming and
we're gonna be filming for basically the
rest of the day I think later tonight
we're going to go to a coffee shop and
edit and get work done and stuff and
stuff I'm kind of like feeling just
really comfy today I ended up not even
doing my hair so wearing like yoga pants
really thanks thanks I'm just my yoga
pants and a hoodie and oh and slippers
and those photos bloopers these things
are amazing although I do kind of wish
they had more options like these are the
only slippers like this at Target that
were holiday themed they have the elf
ones but it was like this or elf shoes
but I wanted ones more like this and yes
so yeah if you want adorable Santa
slippers go to Target this is the
current set up we got going on any guess
is what this video is I'll give you a
hint I'll give you a major hint it's
actually um roommate wars with Alicia
and Ashley
so I may have done a video like this
before the past but this one's different
but similarly filmed I'm excited I think
it's gonna be good I think is gonna be
good yes so yeah we're kind of moving
slow today but school forgot this we got
this good going on it's never not yet
own up we're having smooth working
moving alright a huge beautiful present
for me for me don't thump thump thump we
be filming in my room cuz we film in
like a villain what yeah get it get it
look at my hair it's so crazy and it's
not cute um random fact of the day I was
at Walmart and I saw a like yardstick of
Snickers like it was a Snickers it was
like a yardstick and a Twix I really
wanted to get it but I did fun fact of
the day
no I was like oh one huge snicker oh the
yard giant like a giant snicker bar at a
girl's mark yeah edible Chris and there
was toys too there was but it was cool I
know I kind of wish I got it maybe next
time I go oh and there's also a huge
like jumbo Hershey kiss I was like huge
was like cute guys I don't even know
though I seen that I've logged on this
camera I feel really bad I remember
while we were filming I kept thinking oh
blog but I just kept failing miserably
but yes you're curious I announced the
winner for my giveaway that I've been
having a really big giveaway it's gonna
be on my Twitter so go add me on Twitter
go follow me on Twitter if you want to
see who won that video I give away
except on so many questions about the
giveaway winner I did announce it I
ended up extending it until today which
is November 17th so I just announced the
winner so go check it ou drink him a
latte getting some editing zone good
morning world um hi today's Friday happy
weekend so excited um yes I'm so excited
because I realized I had a vlog that I
meant to upload last week and I stumbled
upon it I was like I never uploaded this
so I'm currently uploading that right
now which just put me in a really good
mood also Ashlyn are
tell me you have to see what's happening
right now yes this is epic this is
pretty dang epic currently you've been
working on this and we got some scenes
done yes this is Ashley's room I know it
doesn't look like how it normally does
right now but everyone's always like
weird worse Ashley's room which means I
have a lot of new viewers which is
awesome it's just kind of dark in here
so she doesn't really film in here she
films in the living room usually this is
pretty epic so I turn around the corner
is what do I see a little Alisha redcap
factory yeah look at you do you ever
like put your hair up a certain way and
then you're like this is what eyes look
like if I have short hair
I have a gun anyways filming is going
good we currently have four more things
to film until this video was blonde Bing
films and I'm really excited I'm really
really hoping to go to Mia and adilyn's
show tomorrow it's actually in Santa
Monica I'm really excited I'm trying my
hardest to get anything done because I
just talked to me it's like we I really
want to come and if I do I'll probably
spend the night there tonight I think
this is the most I've had to go to
Target for one video this is the third
trip I went did yesterday like in the
last vlog and I still managed to forget
three things what is up with me I don't
know so Ashley they're going there
we're almost done third time for this
video
do-do-do-do-do I lost Ashley I found her
I was due I looked up and you're right
there okay so we only need two more
things I realized how much easier it is
to vlog when Ashley's here like right
now I'm like a full volume I don't care
honey the world but when like I was here
by myself it was a lot harder to vlog on
saying people who don't blog I feel like
you should just try it sometime don't
alone done something to me well look
this is where I got Chloe's
I know Sookie look they have little
beards and stuff such kusa I feel like I
feel like we always need stuff but we
can't think of what we need okay so
we're back home and we are filming then
I swear that we're filming requires a
whole bunch of underwear I mean
technically we could have used our clean
ones but that just kind of weirded me
out so I bought a whole bunch of new
ones so that way it's not like used
underwear and a video like that's kind
of gross I don't know but it's clean
like it's clean but you know you know so
I had fun just picking up a whole bunch
of different kinds at Target earlier
anyways
let's do this are you excited for winter
break
