Magnus 2016 vlogmas is where a whole
bunch of youtubers vlog from December
1st to December 25th every single day
not to brag but I killed it last year I
love my enter last year I was putting up
a Christmas tree and then Chloe my dog
comes and pulls the Christmas lights and
then I follow the tree ball that was so
cute
and everyone loved it so much though the
idea of this intro is kind of similar to
last year but this time I'm making a
cake and it's finally done I've been
working on it all day and then Chloe
comes and destroys it all should be good
I'm excited not gonna lie I'm a little
nervous you know you only have so many
takes of a cake falling to get hopefully
we get the shot that I'm wanting this
morning we went to go grab cakes they
are gorgeous so we are currently going
to go and pick up the cakes ended up
getting to that way in case you mess up
we can like you know do it good and
stuff but we're almost there I'm so
excited to see them and we came here
last week and helped design them so
there's like three tiers and they're all
Christmassy and I'm really excited so
we're almost there I want to snapchat so
bad but I also want to keep this all a
surprise I want to keep it like top
secret until like the video comes out
that we you see this we did get two
cakes just for safety in case I mess up
everything else is going really smooth
decorating I made a little gingerbread
house that was super cute who keep
eating these so as the day goes on the
jars just lessen the food so this is the
kitchen where we're filming the whole
intro obviously I didn't make the cakes
so we had to make it look like I made
the cake so we have the mixer I put some
frosting on it bake my own frosting Ben
reality I'm just like putting that on it
have some cake batter which is really
just flour and water Ling pin and then
we just thought these like looked cute
you know like those just kind of look
cute this is a situation we got I got
even got a little this is one of those
like rotater things for the cake so it
can spin excited with that we actually
have one of the fridge right now sorry
that we're just kind of messy but
there's the other one just it's just
chilling in there you know until we need
it so that's where that is here we have
this lovely gingerbread house that I
made do you see all this this is like
artwork this beautiful that is beautiful
this is my my cooking apron so next I
think we're going to put Chloe in her
onesie and try to get some shots of her
the cakes are so heavy oh my gosh this
is so heavy
moving them around so like kind of
nerve-wracking no I was just gonna hit
my head I feel like I'll actually get a
concussion when this is my head I'm
excited I am so excited for vlogmas oh
that's so beautiful I think it's gonna
be really good little nervous about
falling wow that one got hurt
okay this currently 358 we started
around noon so we've been working on us
for four hours already and we're we're
just now getting to the part where the
cake fall I think it's so heavy I was
like dude this is gonna hurt really bad
when it hits a clot twist we decided
we're going to stab this out of the cake
okay so we're just gonna come right here
and make hole and then we're gonna put
frosting all over it so that way when it
actually hits me it looks like it breaks
perfectly because I feel like when if
this hit me like this is just fondant so
it's not gonna like really look like
frosting them stuff so we have basically
two tries to get this perfect cake
falling shot on me two ready go
no no no no cross your fingers out it
works they should move move hi Anita hey
I hope everyone's excited for vlogmas at
least as much as I am so I'm so excited
it's gonna be epic that's like one of my
favorite times of the entire year is
just watching vlog videos oh it's so bad
I'm really just hoping that the cakes
don't fall when we're not filming I'm
really excited to eat some I want to try
it
nice and broad Kurt Chloe came here her
onesie is adorable you look we got our
hair done just so we could look pretty
today hey Liz celebrity right here are
you excited for your close-up huh
are you excited for your onesie she's
ready what one two ready go
hmm here we go blog miss 2016 good girl
I hope you guys like
