good morning happy vlogmas day one I
felt like it was appropriate to have my
winter mug and get some coffee
hey guys so I'm about to do my makeup
and yeah today is vlogmas day 1 I'm so
excited I feel like a lot of people are
also confused because traditionally like
vlogmas Forever Ago the way that I've
worked was you start vlogging December
1st
so vlogmas day 1 would go up December
2nd but I think obviously it kind of
sounds like vlogmas day 1 would go up
December 1st so I think a lot of people
are confused because some people are
doing it that way and some people are
doing it the older way I'm just doing it
the way I've always done it which is
vlog December 1st upload December 2nd so
so yeah if you're confused
don't yes so let's grab Jamaica I've
gotten so lazy yet doing my makeup like
it basically just like a lace here on
the yeah seriously so bad but anyway
let's put on to make pants for today is
a lot of editing actually got quite a
bit done already I added it at
yesterday's vlog it's already up which
is exciting although I changed my banner
and my icon for this channel so if you
haven't seen it yet you should look down
and you'll see it yeah very excited
about that
my hair is a hot mess - so don't winds
up also today the day you're watching
this I'm also uploading another video on
this channel which is the behind the
scenes of making the vlogmas intro that
you saw because you saw it because you
you're this far into the video I hope
that you guys like that I had so much
fun filming it I'm gonna have the link
that in the downbar in case you didn't
see in your sub box yet but yeah I'm
probably gonna upload both videos around
the same time is ish not sure it's gonna
fill in my brows I'm have I'm not gonna
wear too much makeup today she's kind of
a chill day okay next we're going in
with the Kat Von D shade + light shade
light shade and light palette it's like
the best contouring palette ever and I
love it add a little color to my face
also do me a huge favor and let me know
what other vlogger is that you're really
excited to watch this vlog - comment
below because if you didn't know vlogs
are like my favorite videos to watch and
I watch so many vloggers but I feel like
I'm always looking for new people to
watch so let me know in the comments who
are your favorite bloggers or if like
you have a chance
I don't know like let me know then it's
just a little mascara oh gosh now I
gotta figure out what's doing this mess
of a mess of a hair we could definitely
wear a hat today yeah or we can do them
we could do a ponytail yeah let's do
that okay I feel like I see if you
bought me this pizzas boom hair is done
makeup done be already banannie a change
so I guess I'm not ready one sec okay so
I changed my top totally still in my PJs
shorts and my UGG so don't mind that but
we change for the most part which is
very excited yeah I'm gonna take a
couple pictures and do some editing
clean up because I made a mess from the
other day of filming and yes let's do it
okay so I'm gonna get some lunch with my
dad I don't know where we're going yet
but we shall see
probably a Panera or Chipotle that's
usually where we go yeah
it is currently 142 p.m. one forty-three
p.m.
so big surprise we got Chipotle sorry
the Sun is like so weirdly harsh right
now I got a salad also if you haven't
tried it yet their vinaigrette is like
amazing for the salads it got some chips
I excited oh my gosh a little break okay
guys so I came home and guess guess who
has some packages
I'm really excited so excited I'm home
some packages on the front porch so I'm
gonna open them and do an unboxing for
you guys I know that you like that ideas
okay so the first one is from Smashbox
so assuming it's makeup let's see I'm
gonna try to do this one-handed hi there
I teamed up with Smashbox cosmetics to
bring you seven ultra pigmented mind
blowing shadow palettes Shane Mitchell
oh guys epic my gosh this is huge so
much I don't know if you guys since yeah
I'm assuming you can butts one of those
things were like whoo what does epic oh
my gosh this is she's so gorgeous oh my
gosh this is so cool wait shut up the
palettes are like that too oh my god
wait this is so amazing
smokey eye okay I'm gonna open open oh
no this one's broke okay I open them all
so here's a quick look and they're kind
of falling so this is the bold one
there's every color of the rainbow you
could ever want so there's that that is
so pretty this one it was really sad it
was the first one that I opened and it
was broke so that kind of sucks colors
are still so pretty
I'm really really excited for the matte
one because I love my eyeshadows this
one this one is super pretty too this
hold an hour this is oh this is a smoky
palette and then this one is the ablaze
palette oh my gosh oh that is so
exciting that is package number one
package number two now I'm pretty sure
this is makeup too we got this stuff
from Clinique ah top oh my gosh oh my
gosh this is the best gift oh my gosh it
is the softest robe I think I've ever
had in my entire life
it is so soft and the back says Clinique
loves Alicia Oh freaking out and there's
so much product in here
oh my gosh we this is perfect I'm gonna
wear this like every day oh my gosh guys
I wish you could fill this through the
camera it is so soft it feels like a
blanket like it feels like a blanket but
it's not it's a robe long that has my
name on it
I feel like I'm already getting
Christmas presents oh really what's up
okay don't mind me I'm just gonna stay
in my robe but so comfy
like long - I haven't had like a long
robe oh okay bye hey guys update time so
it's a bit of it I'm actually headed
over to me as though I'm really excited
to go I haven't seen her well I feel
like I just saw her but like I don't
haven't been to her place a long time
anyway so I'm gonna drive there I'm
honestly I don't know where I have my
vlog tripod thing is normally here it's
not here
I don't know no I literally have no idea
where it went
hey guys update I'm look where I am hi
kiddo
hi buddies hi hey you are so handsome
I missed you it's been a while since I
seen you yes I met me as I got here a
little bit ago just doing some editing
actually editing this vlog that you're
currently watching and you just
currently taking a shower and then I'm
gonna take a shower after she takes a
shower then and we're gonna have an
editing party maybe do some face masks
it's gonna be good and I was literally
guys I was sitting here and I saw me as
admin calendar and I was like wait I
haven't been calendar at home and I
totally failed miserably on the first
day of vlogmas to forget to open my
number one really upset and said about
this it's kind of a huge bug miss fail
hey anyway it's going to finish up this
vlog and do some our editing and I'll
update you guys
she was like I'm gonna get coffee who
needs sleep hey guys I just want to end
this vlog I hope that you really enjoyed
it along this day one I'm vlogging every
single day until December 25th which is
Christmas so it's super exciting us
again don't forget to watch the behind
the scenes of me making an intro that is
up link is in the downbar and and yeah
that's basically all I love you guys so
so much and I'll see you guys tomorrow
love you bye
