good morning hey what is up you guys and
welcome back to my vlog Channel today is
December 30th tomorrow's the 31st
tomorrow's New Year's Eve what I'm just
I'm mind blown up this year's honestly
over honestly tbh I'm gonna put on some
makeup because my face looks real red
oh it was Lily sitting right in front of
me oh man alicia is tired Alicia needs
some coffee
Wow okay so so obviously most of you
guys I'm assuming most of you guys know
that I said I was gonna vlog all of
December vlogmas normally ends on
Christmas so most youtubers stop
blogging them but I was like you know
what I wanted to vlog every single day
in December it's only like another week
I can totally do this but that means
it's ending - tomorrow's the last vlog
because the first is the first which is
January so I'm still gonna block
tomorrow but this is the second to last
vlog that's really sad but I wanted to
let you guys know that I'm actually
gonna be taking like a very small break
don't worry I'm not like fully leaving
YouTube at all but just from like so I
skipped I'm skipping this Sunday's video
for my main channel just like have a
break and then I'm also gonna take
probably like a week off of the vlog
Channel honestly I think it's very very
needed it's just like I need some like
Alicia time honestly vlogging every day
I feel like isn't healthy to like
actually blog every single day like so
many relationships and I feel like it's
hard because it looks so easy just like
vlog your day and then put it up but who
I'm rambling I'm sorry but exactly a
freaking ton of work it's more mentally
I feel like I don't know but um so I did
want to let you guys know that I am
going actually was watching at Parker
and Aspen's vlog and they said that
every year they take a week off after
vlogmas and I was thinking that sound so
healthy and good especially then like
garner in a relationship I mean what
miss single over here like you know but
but seriously like I think it's
important so I'm gonna take a week off
and I know I don't even need to like I
mean I should explain it to you guys
because otherwise you'd be like yo
Alicia where you at but I know you guys
totally understand and support me with
that I don't even I'm not even worried
about that because I remain you guys are
the best fandom out there honestly
though for real so yes I just wanted to
let you guys know ahead of time so you
don't think I died or something I'm sure
I'll still post on like snapchat and
stuff so follow me on snapchat and
Instagram and Twitter know all that fun
stuff I feel like I did my girls really
bad today yeah it's just like let's like
clean this up a little bit that's nice
okay okay at first I wasn't sure how I
like the lighter brows but I'm really
liking them right I don't know I feel
like they're just a little different
anyways brows are done also if you saw
yesterday's vlog I kept talking about
the photo ID we've got a seat for
hollister it never happened so I'm doing
that today I almost cut when I was
editing this book when I was editing
yesterday's vlog and I was adding yes
there's a little bit I think it's
happened I said yeah let's just put on a
little blush oh wait you guys I have
been waiting to open this because I
really really wanted to open it on
camera to Alicia
it's a present from Kit Kat I actually
never got to meet up with her but Ashley
was able to so she got a present for me
for Christmas and I really want to open
it and I like low-key know what it isn't
immoral excited testing testing so me
and her were texting one day and we were
just a real really you know what if
there's something you see while you're
out shopping that you like like let me
know because I'd rather get you
something that you really wanna like
yeah but anyway so I hinted to her that
I really could use wrapping is always so
cute
straightener straightener oh my god yeah
I haven't know what straightener the one
that I do have is broken and I haven't
had it for a year is it so I really and
I love Drybar so I was really wanting I
have a drive out curling iron so I was
really wanting a straightener so thank
you
I'm gonna use it for my hair today so
it's really nice and it's a one inch
straightener and I'm really excited to
use it I think it's gonna work really
well oh my wait I'm so excited
thank you I don't deserve you let's go
do my hair now let's go do my hair now
anyone else freakin love Blue's Clues
could say well I did growing up I don't
watch anymore but I like what you know I
wouldn't be opposed to it I'm just gonna
shut up yeah yeah update time guys guess
who's here
jeez I make you look so good I'm so sure
competing am i that's all dang I wish I
was on top I feel like everyone thinks
I'm really really top and like no a lot
of my friends are really sure yeah I'm
more like a giant we are headed to the
I'm proud of us to twice and a weeks
before New Year's yes so yeah it should
be good
update time you guys I'm really excited
because we may or may not be heading
somewhere tonight and it has to do with
what we're doing tomorrow for New Year's
Eve and I'm really stoked it was really
spontaneous and last minute and we
booked it we did it and it's happening
so it's gonna be pretty good I'm very
very excited in California it's not too
far of a drive I mean it's a bit of a
drive it's not like too far of a drive
you have any idea where our secret New
Year's Eve extravaganza is gonna be you
should comment at the Lugg and follow me
on that snapchat not Instagram and you
already know because I probably posted
anyways you got you guys come to the
secret destination but no one knows what
it it will some of you might know by now
that you're watching this but I feel
like most of you guys will guess it I
don't know me maybe no I love you guys
I'll see you later bye
