good morning guys oh good morning guys
today is Sunday I hope your Sunday is it
is amazing and I hope your Saturday was
really good and yes
yeah and John Barry are over and we it's
a later it's like afternoon ish we I
feel like I've had a productive day see
when he's a gym home got my vlog up we
chilled for a little bit and then we
just went and got Panera for lunch also
obviously got some starves totally meant
to vlog but I left my camera here sorry
so excited I got a huge salad and I'm
really excited to eat this what you get
heck yeah
Panera has bomb mac and cheese a bus
like pretty dang good so today we are
going to take some pictures like we do
because we always take pictures actually
have some really cute ideas so we went
to Michael's we got forms like props and
stuff so today's gonna be a behind the
scenes I don't know just like YouTube
life and what it's like you know for
vlogmas i really want to change my whole
vlog channel like it's been a long time
since i've even changed that banner i'm
not really happy with i've never was
happy with it i always did it just until
i switched it but i never switch 2004
today
okay lunch was so good but I got full
really quick stuff but half of it in the
freezer that freezer Wow but happen in
the fridge so I'm gonna eat it later we
went to Michael's and I got some
Christmas bulbs for the tree when to
decorate it we've actually had our trip
for about a week now but we've had like
basically no bulbs on it well but then I
saw other bulbs line that I had from
last year but I really wanted to get
like colored ones so just like goes and
it looks really pretty so this is what
I'm gonna do right now we're gonna
decorate the tree
my camera lights camera this is
currently happening right now found my
pink hat I was looking for it everywhere
earlier and then I found in the cupboard
where I first looked yeah awesome where
my onesie that I got last year I'm
currently trying to take a picture for
my vlog channel profile picture for
vlogmas and stuff so that's what's going
on right now dink it's gonna track cute
so let's hope that away yes but you guys
right okay so we are filming the next
part and this first video is gonna be
like snow find haha but just oh this is
gonna happen Mia said she would
willingly drop some snow on me so she's
going to stand here John Riis gonna film
and this is what's going on so - ah -
funny I love this in treasure good
morning guys
I've been so lazy Jane so they're like
almost 11:00 and I've been sitting here
all morning oh man but yeah sorry it's
been a few days I honestly I didn't do
anything okay so if your arms and makeup
and today is an exciting day because I'm
filming all day literally all day I'm
planning I already have everything here
on the table actually had school all day
so I think my dad's gonna come over and
help me film yeah it should be good I
actually have to go to Target again
because every vlog I go to Target it's
really bad really really bad I'm
actually gonna Walmart - we'll see but I
still have like few more things I need
to get I'd rather just like get
everything so that way I can come back
and film instead of filming it like
three days or something yes it's gonna
be different
I've never filmed a video like this so
I'm really hoping that it turns out
really good like as good as I'm hoping
it turns out doo-doo-doo-doo
so I literally watched a wait ton in
this shade really watch the a video of
someone like sting and target for 24
hours it's actually really hilarious and
I'm going to target society hey we got
some stuff do you have any guess what
the videos gonna be because here's it so
I think I got everything that I can get
right now that's what we got you have to
go to Michael's I'm gonna go there next
and yes think that's all yeah I think
that's all just kidding
never good
so hard to do one-handed ok so now we
are going to Michael's pretty hot and
I'm literally wearing Uggs yoga pants
and a long-sleeve shirt and I'm dying is
72 degrees but it feels like 90 and I'm
overheating like no other anyways just
been connector and got a smoothie I
realize I haven't like eaten basically
all day oh my god
so good ok so I got everything I think
and I'm gonna head home I think my dad's
already there so next we're just gonna
be filming everything I got the health
nut one so it's like banana almond milk
you know banana almond butter and cashew
milk I think there's a protein in there
too
hey guys update time um so first of all
so sorry that has been a long time it's
actually like 8 or 9 o'clock now at
night why am i blue all of a sudden why
am i really blue all of the sudden Jays
been so productive
I'm literally eating this right now he
can't see it because the lights are so
bad right now but I actually ended up
making my own like studio setup thing so
yeah I really really am liking how this
footage is turning out yeah I just want
to update you guys and give you a little
behind the scenes currently eating
popcorn M&Ms and pretzels and it's we're
gonna oh my god Vick Lou baby hey hey
hey guys so I started to end this vlog I
hope that you liked it and also don't
forget that vlogmas starts tomorrow so
I'm going to start vlogging December 1st
and vlogmas day 1 is gonna be up
December 2nd that makes it something you
guys like this I will see you really
soon I hope that you're excited for 20
my vlogs in a row and yeah I love you
guys bye mmm
