good morning guys
how are you day is it Friday Black
Friday I think it's 25th I want to say
if you didn't see my last ball you
should totally watch it we actually went
Black Friday shopping this morning we
went from midnight to 4:30 a.m. and we
haven't slept whatsoever it's almost
7:00 now we're about to film our haul I
don't know how we're awake I don't know
how I was even able to get yesterday's
vlog we're just awake we're hoping it up
this last for a long time at least until
we can get our hauls up and then we can
sleep like that's that's all I'm
thinking right now you know came back to
department touch up the makeup and it
got out to a camera and lights and stuff
and we are going to fill a hole Chloe is
so cute right now she looks like a
little panda donut perk up when you
gonna can't close enough okay
yes and look what they're shorter still
hear me you look cute go I don't know
I'm sorry okay okay so here's all of my
stuff that I got and let me tell you
always go to Bath and Body Works last
because I learned that the hard way with
one year he's so heavy to carry you
don't want to carry this for more than
like five minutes so we have Victoria
Secret Bath and Body Works packed Sun
and forever 21 I also into Sephora but I
honestly just got lashes and dry shampoo
so I'm not really gonna include it in
the hall so now I'm just gonna just like
go through this that's what's up
I've had so much caffeine I really don't
want more caffeine reality like that's
really not gonna help me also I totally
vlog last night so you should definitely
check it out if you want to see this
view cuz it's a little different than
what you're seeing right here yeah so
you should most definitely
alright oh no that's not cute you know a
link to my huh oh I'm out of it Black
Friday I can't talk as a tired um so
yeah definitely check out definitely
check out
you haven't watched my but I can't talk
if you haven't watched my Black Friday
blog definitely go watch I'm gonna have
a link in the downbar here on the screen
everywhere you should watch it because
it's just an awesome vlog and I love
blogs Oh
golden here we go about the film our
Black Friday oh that was about so good
I'm bout to film Black Friday haul let's
do it are you ready yes I'm ready
oh they look really good you'll see I
thought you looked really good I felt
like I had to look better because you do
look really good and I was like oh oh oh
my gosh I was so cute you can borrow it
okay Hannah scenes filming the hall okay
there okay
now I'm nervous mm I originally tried
these on and then they were too big and
they didn't have size under so I'd go
two sizes under so know they'll fit me
they're really really cute right so
update we just filmed update just
filming Black Friday oh wow I can't
update just filmed the Black Friday haul
and did all the close-ups and all the
angles the thumbnail and all that fun
stuff so now I have all of the footage
to make the video like problem is next
we have to actually make the video is
the editing portion of uploading and
YouTube life and I'm really hoping I can
get it done super fast I don't know how
I'm even functioning right now off of no
sleep it's 9 o'clock and the hardest
struggle with making hauls is doing the
close-ups to struggle to decide like am
I gonna do close-ups I mean I don't want
to but I know it's like that much better
of a video not only that much better
like that much better in the video you
know I mean it's just like the quality
goes up 10 20 times so I'm gonna go to
Panera because we're all so hungry and
we need food it's like 10 o'clock and we
haven't had breakfast the last thing we
ate was like the Starbucks at like 6 4
a.m. 4 or 5 a.m. so getting it some
Panera a Panera is always a good choice
we are also starving so I went and
grabbed us some Panera so I'm bringing
on them right now
got some smoothies - this is much-needed
eat food right now oh my gosh so excited
so excited I love Kia woof ate my food
because I was like I can't wait I can't
wait but then I was like okay I can wait
it's like two minutes till I'm home so
yes get my backpack get series I bring
gifts
everybody tanky you possess this you're
the best it has anything going Mia
stammers editing suite oh it's not I
mean it's going well she's not really
going I'm guy am hey guys update time so
I just wanted to end it today's vlog I
am so tired it's a little like 9 p.m.
something I am exhausted got my
eyelashes done and I ended up falling
asleep during that entire two-hour
appointment which was crazy so that's
the only sleep I've gotten because we
were up all last night and I'm exhausted
so I'm going to edit this vlog then go
to Vania spending the night a leave is
for shop that was my mentality last
night and I'm like I'll get to do is
just get it look at me who needs like it
wide awake you don't need sleep I don't
wait up
booty sleep good bye
anyways I'm gonna in this vlog I'm
getting set for a exciting vlog tomorrow
and uh yeah okay buddy guys hey ma ma
