who would begin
that's cute that's been really into big
baggy sweatshirt so that's cool and then
a jacket that I wanted since high school
this is the current situation we got
going on right now I don't know why I
didn't grab a bag I should've just
grabbed a knife maybe this he doesn't
like they should have him out unless
yeah my favorite part about a lot of
mini ones longest I'm also the line yep
update we found a bag and it makes it so
much easier
currently shopping at ways to show you
that's how you know you did damage when
you have two bags from one store no want
you the next store dropping in forever
21 haven't had anything yet but I'm sure
there'll be something sometimes it's a
little harder to find stuff here a
little more little one in crazy
look we're crazy but that's very you
those are all very you cementum feelers
you guys are both so pretty I can't oh
my god go for it after the day jeans
from Hollister white fans tank top and
91 years yes love it go for it shirt
from forever 21 and
my foot they're so cute oh my gosh
thanks for saying hi guys
we got good
we are currently just literally so dead
from shopping so much we're just like
chill feel super cramped room so tired
it's 3:00 and look I got some good deals
just into Sephora I got some lashes and
dry shampoo waiting for me as she is I
think she's impact on Jackson has such a
good deal they had like buy one get one
free Jean I got a sweatshirt and I also
got me this is a very successful day a
very very successful day the only other
story really care to go to the Steve
Madden
the only other store we care to go to is
defendant
shoots not like I need anymore shoes but
you never know wait
there's three
why are you doing ready what are you
making I wanted tired obviously there's
this screen here that keeps lighting up
and it keeps changing like my face
giving us a sneak peek although in
reality I feel like my main channel all
its going to be it before the wall but I
really would love to get some bullets
yeah
I think we are done we are all so tired
and so exhausted but look at this this
is crazy he he never are we going to
film tonight meaning we're gonna be up
all morning
look who I ran into fun fact someone
else ago they like who's your favorite
vlog I said oh my favorite bloggers are
handy yeah my favorite vloggers are you
good to do in your Hall
I am the ask and everyone expects a hall
yes if I wake up I'm tired
right now and thanks for saying aye
and we are officially done Alisha out I
am dead exhausted
I agree look at that look at that it
looks so good oh my god oh the
fermenters
she knows I was dying what time is it
for
it is currently 4 a.m. it's for it are
you freaking kidding me I finally got
some coffee got some food and uh yeah -
oh honey hey guys update time I looked
so much better than I did the last time
you saw me we're back in the apartment
obviously I just finished getting ready
we're actually going to film our Black
Friday haul right now at me and I are
gonna collab which is really exciting -
good last year and we just thought it'd
be like a side tradition yes also if you
didn't know it's almost like 6:00 a.m.
instead of actually editing all of this
vlog right now and I realized I totally
forgot to start it like normal like I
wasn't like hey guys so sorry bout that
I'm just like focus I'm shopping good
you know
we literally shop from like midnight
till 4:30 in the morning got home got
ready and now it's almost like 6 a.m.
and we're gonna film our home so we can
get it up soon for you guys if you're
like me all my only plan tomorrow is to
watch a million black friday haul
anyways I found it in this vlog and if
you guys so much don't forget to check
out both of our plots live it up up into
my head man don't forget to check out
our black um don't forget to watch our
Black Friday holds today I really hope
that you guys like it and I love you
guys and I'll see you later bye MA
