good morning guys
how are you so today is Tuesday November
1st I can't believe it's already
November
what what that is crazy he's like
actually crazy just made some breakfast
I made some banana Oh chocolate with a
smidge of pumpkin spice pinky and yes
today we are filming I'm excited for
that so after I eat I'm gonna make some
coffee and get ready do my makeup yes
yeah are you ready for this it's
November first you guys you know what
that means Jimmy I'll show you what that
means rock dance a baby Jimmy too
II
what is this what is this oh my gosh you
might present my mother guys so we might
be decorating the room a little early
but that's okay
Ashley loves decorating Christmas stuff
like no other
Kano's do you up on the bed brought out
the Christmas blanket one of my favorite
blankets that we actually use all year
round because it's literally the
comfiest thing ever
hey kiddo Christmas room decor what this
is all the stuff yet I had last year we
haven't gone shopping yet you guys know
I'll go shopping it interested well yeah
we have some Christmas room decor if you
guys want to watch some of my videos
from last year I'll try to link some up
like some holiday room decor videos that
you guys can start watching if you're
like me and you're obsessed one was this
like DIY where you put like lights and
little like ornaments and these vases
which is so cute and then I made this
this is a DIY that I made and I'm
obsessed with its little just a
styrofoam comb with like garland beads
glued around it and it makes a little
Christmas tree which as I was so cute
and then it just adds a lot to have like
fake presents kind of lying around I
really love how that looks I got this
tree from Target if you're wondering
they have like little ones if you want
little ones yeah then this blanket just
makes it feel like a winter wonderland
oh my god I'm so excited
christmas is here in spirit yeah yeah
yeah yeah nothing like a hot beverage
for feeling like the holiday spirit so
good so we're doing your makeup on beat
the Lord's Day hey everybody and Loki
using my opinion board as a sponsibility
coffee like what is that that's really
funny yeah I think gonna watch some
YouTube videos I'm never in this setup
guys I usually sit at my desk but it's
kind of messy and I'm sitting here oh oh
oh so something to know about me I
literally don't really care for any
other holiday any other holiday don't
like Halloween really like I'm a Jew I
never I feel me I don't really do
anything for Halloween but question of
the day what were you for Halloween
yesterday comment below so I never
really do anything for Halloween don't
like Thanksgiving because I don't like
Thanksgiving food like at all at all at
all Easter is cool but I feel like we
also don't really do much for that so
Christmas is like my freakin favorite
holiday even just like winter in general
like snowflakes snowmen so like that's
kind of why we go like hardcore with
Christmas so I'm literally gonna be
in person who's listening to Christmas
music on November 1st who tweets about
Chris constantly and who also is gonna
have the best blog man ever you guys get
so excited get so excited I've already
like started like brainstorming things
that you're gonna love and yeah yeah
okay um let's see
hi Chloe wants up on the bench just
whimpered I'm gonna be in the back of
that do you want to be in the vlog
hello you look like a little egg you
know like that's a field and you're just
an egg normally I'm the egg I use like
yeah yeah yes we are filming and I'm
about to put on a red lip with a new um
Clinique lipstick that I got the other
day I showed you guys an unboxing if you
saw an ad so I'm really excited I'm not
sure which exact color videos I think I
might do a matte color like that'd be
really pretty like this one it's matte
color right here and then I call spittle
oh we don't know we're gonna see yay
yeah and also I'm it's like long-sleeve
white shirt but what's funny is it's
actually a leotard but I'm too lazy to
actually put it on so it's just I'm
wearing it like an actual shirt here's
the makeup really simple that highlight
let's do it
okay here we go waiting for a camera to
fall you're literally sitting on my
other camera are you okay right
boom look number two and I'm six
American so it's like a huge crazy
tingly not thing in it something's going
good I have a slight headache and I
don't know why
Honda sucks probably put on a choke or
something but we should do it love dude
okay which choker should we use this is
a little bag right keep all of my
chokers in I have so many kind of bad
I'm kind of feeling black maybe this one
right here with a little like triangle
that's good big cute sing just like
simple velvet I think that yeah approve
do you like Yes No maybe fine this is a
dress but again again with the laziness
so it is a little later not sure what
time it is
things are good I am took my makeup a
bit with this some mug I kind of
actually not that blended well let me
just double and it's so quick hope I
doesn't look bad Bluebell I guess but
only when I click this eyes huh
here we go here we go ash demon filming
a little bit yes hey guys update time so
I realize it's been a bit since I've
logged I'm so sorry
but I've actually just been editing all
of the footage that we got today and
guys this footage looks so good I
wouldn't to give you a little sneak peek
if that's okay oh no if you can see this
boom it's so cute look at that Christmas
different versions the colors look so
good the lighting looks so good yeah now
I'm going to take off my makeup and I'll
update you guys in a bit Chloe hi oh my
can you look so cute
I babe so cute
Ashley's here and speciality - ash - ash
- oh my god I don't
I hate KDF my makeup fun fact I hate to
do my makeup I see I got ready for bed
and I finished editing this vlog so just
want to end it I hope that you guys
liked it
I'll see you guys tomorrow with new blog
and yeah I love you buddy look like
Tinkerbell
