Wow I don't know what I just did there
like I tried to talk him nothing came
out hey guys happy Sunday I hope your
Sunday was amazing
/ is amazing because when you see this
it'll be was but what I'm filming it
right now it's like currently is you
know currently 9:15 a.m. and I'm getting
ready if you saw yesterday's vlogs and
you would know that I'm going to LA I'm
meeting up with Kensi Janine Jean Marie
and we're gonna go to Hillsong and it
efforts John Mary and I are gonna take
pictures just hang out LA I'm excited we
normally have Palm Springs adventures
but we figured we would just like stay
local because you know la is kind of
cool I guess yeah so I'm basically ready
I just wanted to kind of do my hair
blowdried it and it still let you know
you're blow-drying is too puffy I don't
like it
don't like it I don't know if I want to
straighten it oh if I want to curl it we
don't know or just leave it I don't know
what looks best I don't know I'm
watching some of Laurie's videos gotta
figure out what I want to wear des
hommes and my closet looks messy again
put those put those down redo that and
okay um okay really though let's see I'm
probably just gonna wear my black pants
you don't know to wear and don't know
what these my hair and I kind of rhyme
there drop my drop also kind of don't
want to change out of this robe because
it's so comfy and I loved it it's on
Victoria Secret if you're wondering oh
that's not the pocket Alicia that's the
pocket Alicia ah yep really want to make
some coffee right now but Jeffrey and I
are gonna meet up at first before we go
to Hillsong so we can get coffee and
stuff so I'm like okay there's no point
in making coffee here just to drive and
get coffee there I think that's a sign
of like an actual addict and I'm trying
to convince myself that I'm not an
addict to coffee to clear that up close
still try to figure out one way other
than the fact that I look like a pack
mule right now um things are good things
are good anyways let's go
hey guys new video is up and I'm
currently walking over to earth and get
some food and then go to church and
we're excited I'm good it's gonna be
good
gonna be great it's really bright I
can't see anything right now but yes so
we are at Earth we got some coffee I got
some Greek yogurt and some granola put
in my cranky over and that looks so good
hi hair looks extra good today what'd
you get go go feel and y'all
hello guys what up I know I failed
miserably at walking yesterday I don't
even know what happened I guess I wasn't
even busy but I just kind of like forgot
to vlog because you were doing so much
so much to church she's really good I
met up with Janine and Kinzie and then
we and then like I don't even know what
to do i got my nails done which is so
exciting
okay all right what gets me is please
focus focus please on my hand right
there yup you got it you got it you got
it yay finally got my nails redone I
needed it so bad really excited that
that is all fixed currently in the
process of getting ready I got ready for
the most part but now I just have a
little bit left to do most my lashes we
are filming today and yeah it's been
cool what's the gym uploaded yesterday's
vlog I should go watch that vlog channel
wait for it wait front there it is new
vlog clothing huh I actually really love
how the thumbnail turned out like I feel
like it's simple and I don't know I I
really like it so you guys go watch it
and if you've watched all of these
videos if your screen looks like this
where it shows all of them with watched
like this video and give yourself a pat
on the back because you are awesome and
you are amazing and it's okay if you've
missed a few I totally understand I
understand
hi how are you good Oh Ashley was
amazing and ran an errand for me to get
something do you guys wanna see what it
is
oh yes with shoulder pads oh yes that is
literally like like that was someone's
grandma's you know oh my god yeah oh my
god this is hilarious ugly Christmas
sweater ugly Christmas socks and lashes
Yuta Yuta best my favorite thing in the
world are thoughts
I'm not gonna lie especially ugly
Christmas ox did you just see what
happen this is how much my eye like I
feel like there could be like this is
basically like a reality with my life
like this stuff happens to me like the
socks just got stuck up like Boop
I feel like as much as I try to seem
cool sometimes like I'm just always
reminded that like Alicia you're chocol
let's get go window hi hey babe
hi clue by clue PS I also love how we
saw up Halloween pumpkin thing is there
candy in here just skittles not a huge
fan of skills we are coming we are what
we are filming ah we are filming we're
filming where fi lm ing filming so not
filling my brows kids I'm a little too
dark also I don't have mascara on or
anything yet so that's probably another
reason why they look extra like both
ball fun back for this video I was
talking about wearing like
off-the-shoulder shirts this shirt is so
not off the shoulder but imma make it
look like it is off the shoulder so when
you guys watch the actual video like ha
ha ha that shirt and all know what
you're talking about actually anyone
who's watching this will know what
you're talking about okay so I was
cleaning up my room and I was thinking
that I should take like an Instagram or
trying to go picture for Instagram of
all the stuff that I got from lush but I
yeah let's just let's try it out let's
try it oh hey we got something so good
and so pretty in Sophia the gold star
literally would do it as a legit haul
but I feel like I've done so many halls
you people are probably getting really
annoyed with how many halls I'm done we
have a secret lush haul in this video
it's not so pretty Oh
oh this one smells like since the
present one it has like a citrus because
citrus into Toronto
these are all the bath bombs and bubble
bars and all that stuff I got one two
three four five bath bombs and two
bubble bars anyway let's try to organize
this like it look like you though maybe
in a bowl this is literally the thought
process of how to take an Instagram like
this is how Alicia takes an Instagram
sorry for people who hate people who
talk in third person because I totally
do that I'm gonna try the bowl the bowl
was a bad idea because it was too small
and I don't really have a bigger bowl so
bowl will not work called in the expert
expert no you're like really good at
like this kind of stuff I would say no
paper
goodbye paper I thought you're a great
idea oh maybe without the lights is that
cute exact you so here is some of the
other that's not bad I just don't think
I'd post it on Instagram yeah oh that's
how I feel that's how I feel about not
getting a picture same Alicia's name
wait where's my phone
I can snapchat finally posted something
on snapchat so um you should add me on
snapchat if you're not to see what
picture I just posted ah yeah guys I'm
just not in a filming mood today
ash let's just watch The Walking Dead I
love this show we've watched it for a
while and I love it so we're gonna watch
it and I'll see you guys a bit
I totally got a package earlier today
that I want to show you guys and totally
forgot not sure if you know I feel like
most of you probably already know but if
you remember I did a shoot with Google
for their new pixel phone oh my gosh you
guys go to this awesome shoot up in
Hollywood Hills and we watched the
sunset and like film this really cool
glamping video and if you haven't seen
that it's actually on Google's YouTube
channel not on mine so definitely go
watch I'm gonna have a link in the
downbar again so gonna see it I thought
it turned out really cool and it's just
a really cool like artsy video and I
think you guys is like any app so it was
so much fun so huge has been and look
what they sent me but they send me the
phone oh my gosh I haven't had a black
phone and years and I actually really
like it because it's just so sleek
looking like when it's off this is
exciting wait I want to show you guys
the camera and then ready to switch it
those modes you just like switch it
and then it switches it look it do you
see that quality looks so bad but here
you go don't know what my hair is doing
right there but you can tell guys love
it
hey guys update time is currently almost
11 p.m. and I was just gonna get ready
for bed so I figured I should end this
vlog thank you so much for watching if
you liked it like it and subscribe to my
channel yeah I'll see you guys try a new
blog and I love you mom
