good morning guys how are you today is
Wednesday I'm telling you I'm the worst
when it comes to like figuring out what
date is what apologize for not uploading
vlogs recently a little kind of like out
like I wasn't out of it but kind of wise
like I just felt like I've been playing
catch-up for the longest time I even
tweeted out that I apologize if there
hasn't been more but I was like you know
what I don't care I'm just gonna vlog
today and I put in my memory card to see
what footage I have of like the past
week and I realized there was a whole
day of vlogging that I completely forgot
about and I was like oh that's that's
cool that's cool so I'm gonna make sure
I get a vlog up today but it's prob whoa
you use me
currently editing is that vlog so I'm
going to get that up today so it might
be like two or three days in one vlog
I'm sorry and if some of you don't like
that but then I also know some of you do
like so it's like more of like a weekly
vlog type thing but once I get that up I
feel like then I can focus on this and
just start like going like all of this
and tomorrow it'll be good um yes today
I have some errands to do I made a list
for target even though in the last vlog
I went to Target I did the thing that
everyone does and I totally forgot like
three things that I was supposed to get
that I need for tomorrow so I made a
list
we're gonna go to Target later um
that'll be super quick though I just
need like three or four things and then
we're going to put up the Christmas tree
today because we're filming tomorrow and
I really would like the Christmas tree
to be up for that video so I was like
well with the hustle decorate the tree
today even though our trees kind of like
flimsy we got it last year and it's like
really narrow and skinny it's cute I
like our tree so I'm so stupid I didn't
even turn it on I'm out of it today guys
you see that I just tried to make my
coffee and I didn't even do it right I'm
sorry
today I'm kind of filling kind of
filling the creamer today we're gonna do
this word and
bumbum bumbum I feel like the shot is in
every single one of my vlogs rightfully
so come on
you got it you're gonna get it you're
gonna eat it you got it I think it needs
water and then it perfectly it mixes it
up for you so you don't need a dirty
spoon Oh guys I totally forgot um last
night action I went to see fantastic
beasts and where to find them we got
we're able to see like an early
screening of it so we were really
excited it was a really good movie it
was really good it was a little bit slow
which makes complete sense because you
know this is a whole new like franchise
kind of and there's a lot to like set up
for it you know like the whole story
plot like there's a lot that you could
tell there they had to like get out in
the first movie to set it up for like
the rest of them so like that's okay and
then I think another thing to realize if
you go see it yes it's like similar to
Harry Potter but you can't go in
expecting Harry Potter because it's a
whole different story it's like
completely different there's like some
similarities but and like they even have
like the same music at times that I got
really excited I love Harry Potter music
it was really good and I'm really
excited to see where it goes and I know
eventually there's gonna be something
that like connects the two and
everyone's gonna freak out probably like
the last movie or something I don't know
this looks great to me so yeah I
currently editing here we go let's do
this
yay vlog is up it literally took me so
long to edit this one because there was
so many different clips and I don't know
it took like an hour normally takes me
like 45 note took like almost
hour-and-a-half tick so long anyways it
is up go watch it it is Christmas
shopping at Target um Christmas shopping
at Target go watch it
and speaking of Target I'm actually
going to head back there like I said I
don't even think I'm going to get ready
today guys today is a no makeup it's a
bit long right here I realized how much
when I'm on top of my vlogs I feel so
productive and like life is good and
it's so funny how it's like such a
little thing just to like like knowing
I'm like finally caught up with my box
makes me so happy
ah man so we need a jacket just like a
chill
whatever jacket this looks like a chill
whatever jacket and I think we're going
to wear hats cuz I don't want to do my
hair let's do this
today's perfume is this one from Urban
Outfitters it's like only 18 dollars and
it smells really good if you like more
rosy cents and I like it a lot so I
recommend it I swear nothing says don't
talk to me like a pair of glasses and a
baseball cap you know what I mean like
if you're just passing me I don't know
it's very like don't talk to me and I'm
wearing sunglasses inside right now yep
okay so have some groceries to get have
some supplies for the video together
something I don't forget anything that
was like really bad half my peachy teeth
really good that is what's up and that's
what's going on Boop if I were zip ties
boy would I be that's what we got to
figure out I feel like I've looked
everywhere and I don't know where they
went
it's really where they are
this is seriously one of my favorite
parts about the Christmas like stuff
here you just like goes through all the
different lights and it's update it's
been about 15 minutes Tohno where the
zip ties are looks in the home
improvement section and I came back to
the corner so normally a or two hanneke
totally found the Christmas dog onesie
oh my gosh it was so excited there's dog
pajamas I was expecting to find this
here and I'm so excited and then I also
got this little Santa costume and ass
she's gonna hate this but I want this so
bad so we're getting that - oh my god
this is amazing I'm so excited oh my
gosh Jill needs it tired but I think
I've got everything else so that is
exciting um what else do we need
we found the zip ties but the problem is
they don't have clear ones and we
actually have this size at home I was
hoping to get bigger one so his cool I
ended up not even needing them just kind
of said okay
yay I think we've got everything and I'm
just going to check out and then go home
dude two shopping bags now cost like 10
cents and I'm not used to it I mean at
least it's like a quality bag though you
know it's like if you have to spend ten
cents at least they give you like a nice
bag you know but yeah they pass out all
recently J um oh my god I thought I
almost left my glasses and there was
like over my glasses
tarios to success so now we're gonna go
back home and start putting up the
Christmas tree which is exciting
exciting what else am I doing with my
life right now unrolling up that's was
supposed to take a lot quicker than it
did the next thing I know well besides
the fact that it took me like 20 minutes
to find these freaking zip ties it's
just I kept thinking of like other
random things I needed like a razor and
shaving cream and stuff so it took
longer than I thought but that's okay
it's okay now we're gonna go home PS I
don't know if you can tell but this
sunset is gorgeous like so gorgeous oh
my gosh okay that's all
whoo Ashley close your eyes I know booty
everything I'm wearing my snowman onesie
and he has a scarf which is cute
Santa slippers we are festive we are
festive put on a fireplace YouTube video
because we don't have a fireplace gone
out the Christmas tree and we're going
to set it up right here so we have to
move the pink chair the only last time
we had it over here but we had a smaller
couch last year so it might look very we
don't know what we don't do but we're
gonna figure it out so so yes that's
what's going on and I'm very comfortable
like very comfortable let's do this Oh
recording recording he's making a list
checking it twice Santa Claus is coming
make your list
check it tight
give you the skirt
yay our trees kind of called a Grinch
tree because it's really narrow not
three and it's a cute greens tree no
it's just I I remember like we bought I
didn't realize like what it looks like
when we got took it out but now I have
character you know character qualities
quality character I figure out what I
want to do for ornaments this year I
don't even really think about that last
time was colored it could be cute to
have just like a silver or like a gold
you know like a theme but we'll see also
the so we're gonna see come on you go oh
wait there this one I think we did this
like look at this this is a hazard this
is a hazard it doesn't stay ash I think
it's a Grinch tree now does it not look
like a grand tree so yeah we might have
to think of something now Matt have to
think isn't the knitted oh wow my ear
boom the skirt looks so good
there it is it's all you and I love it
that's put this back outside and we have
to figure out what we can do with this
chair and don't know what they'll do
with it I guess we could still
technically put the chair in front of
the Train trees mostly up well it's like
up that's not that great ofthat cool
houses down time so I was thinking it's
a good time to edit this vlog and start
editing that so I can put it up tomorrow
and yes if this isn't comfy like this
onesie is the same material as like this
blanket which is my favorite blanket the
world right now um like I'm just so
comfortable this is amazing okay anyways
let's edit and it should be good
hey guys so it's fine to end this vlog I
got it mostly edited so it'll be up in
the morning and yeah I love you guys
thank you so much for watching and I'll
see you super soon with anyone hey MA
