good morning guys
what is up today is Tuesday November 7 8
8 8 like a hot mess right now I probably
look like a hot mess right now my hair
is like MERP and I happen to make bond
but that's cool you know that's cool
cool oh cool got the makeup sitting in
front of the mirror like usual I don't
know why I do this let me know if you do
this too I know I know I know I'm not
the only one is the current situation
right now my new pan said I got the
really comfy mirrors dirty
I'm sorry I'm daytime it's a little bit
later I got all this like productiveness
uh Chloe there's like people touring one
of the units next to us and Chloe can
hear them but she's being a little
minute oh yeah I was sitting and then I
was like you know what I really just
want to like clean be productive and my
room can really use some help right now
so we are going to clean it ok so I'm
going to watch some YouTube videos and
clean this mess of a room I have so much
laundry to do as you can see that's all
clean I just gotta put it away
constantly constantly if you can track
over it how does all of this check yes
hey guys what is up today's Thursday and
actually doesn't have costed am so
excited and today is November 10 do you
know what November 10th means Starbucks
red cups are out guess where we're going
wow that was the most basic thing I
think I've ever freaking done in my life
so yeah we're gonna head over there I
really want a latte but I also got it's
like so hot here so I kind of want an
iced drink that I want the red cup so do
I get the red cup or do I get both we'll
see let's do it let's do it let's do it
but but look what I got this is
literally my favorite year of the red
cups I think it's so cute I love the
whole like scribble thing under
different wines scout today we're
filming it's gonna be good do you see I
look so bad right now make up time make
a time' cap um
oh I stepped on Chloe's toy a little one
I like who you were in like the middle
of a song oh my god everybody here it is
guys here it is
Ashlee got one it's like slightly
different but it's like so I like how
they're all different I love how they're
all different
so her says like love and joy and this
little reindeer mine snowflakes Loki
putting on these lights so it'll look
more Christmassy don't judge me
yay yeah I literally just did that like
I was like Alicia let's put that they're
gonna do makeup gonna drink my coffee
and you're gonna watch some YouTube
videos let's do this
I hope your Monday was good mine is
going good good morning we are going to
go to Target today and get a bunch of
supplies for two things that were
filming I'm really excited for both
things one is this week's video and the
other thing is a surprise which some of
you might be able to guess so comment
below if you have a guess what it is
really really excited for you'll know
soon enough
um what it is but yes anyway yeah so
we're gonna go gasp we have some errands
to do we also have to go to Michael's
and I'm just gonna throw on some makeup
real quick may not even really do my
hair because it's just you know just let
it air dry today's like there might not
be a point really doing it sick I do
this every morning
open up blinds so I get some light up in
here boom make this done
do you like this ankle bow he liked this
angle I literally did like hardly any
makeup I was just like not really feelin
much today option I got our eyebrows in
earlier so I'm really excited about that
so they're like you know how you just
feel like a whole new person when you
get your eyebrows done please oh no
they're so naive I can't so yes let's
open awesome shoes gotit are shy target
pitchers yo literally bumming it today
switch words flannel shirts bra lights I
should probably put away my makeup
before we leave cuz should do that go
into target PSA Mia I miss you if you're
watching it come hang out with me
currently nd target dollar section and
they have well I love how it's like the
dollar section but it's not all dollar
but you know it's cool so addicting they
always have stuff oh my god like the
little candy canes I used to remember
getting those like before like Christmas
break and that your friends we like give
each other though then doesn't intend to
Oh fun fact these are Ashley's like
favorite M&Ms in the world um uh home
starting new traditions here don't dump
them something I feel kind of used by
some of this candy oh my goodness
look at these why haven't ever seen all
this look at this gum they're stocking
stuffers that's what it is we were
looking for a little like you like this
one oh that one that wanted keep we're
gonna get this is the biggest snow globe
I think I've ever seen
just putting that out there oh my god
this is all so cute still in love with
this rose gold Christmas tree I think
that is amazing and I love it like how
does a dog toy that it's an ornament and
it's squishing I see it's so cute this
is a current situation of our cart right
now this is intense we got Santa
slippers we got PJs we got a onesie we
got a tree skirt we got some food now
we're mmm I have to hang up why do I
have the hiccups I heard you can hold
your breath do a handstand drink water
any other tips you guys have because I
feel one coming right now oh my gosh oh
my gosh these boots oh my gosh so last
year I saw these boots and I wanted them
and I saw them in my size and I passed
them up because I was like you know it's
kind of early for winter I'm gonna wait
so it gets colder and then what happens
I never find them again I searched every
Target store near me could never find
and they have him in my sights so
excited
literally look for them everywhere I
went to so many stores I even drove like
20 minutes to a store because it said it
had it online but they like had them in
the store and they go to like then if
you guys watch a vogner's last year or
my vlogs last year I guess then you
would know that I have one of those
boots for the longest time and they have
them in my sight oh my gosh gosh have I
not one of these boots for like a year
never refer them for you I look
everywhere - and I want it and that the
frustrating part was that I passed on
them so now I don't even care it's still
90 degrees I'm getting them I do not
care nope I feel like I love Christmas
so much because it's never cold here so
the idea is just amazing so much stuff
those things are so annoying can I do it
one-handed
yay we got the goods we got a lot of
stuff and I feel like I definitely have
enough to do a haul at least for some
stuff you know empty time we were home
and we seriously got so much stuff we
just sorted it all out for the two
different projects that we're doing and
projects two different things that were
filming yeah so I feel like I was gonna
do a haul but I'm like honestly it's all
kind of like what you saw already so
it's really not to elaborate
over the top but we definitely did some
Christmas shopping I think we're going
to start decorating this week the
apartment which I'm excited for so I got
a new skirt for the tree because we
actually didn't have one last year we
just used a blanket the whole time oh
yeah um finally got one of those the
most exciting things I think are like
the PJs and the onesie I'm excited for
that onesie - and I are gonna get some
work done
and I have some editing and planning and
brainstorming we're gonna do that
already
4:22 which is crazy I'm still want you
to the daylight savings but yes boom
you
