good morning guys I don't know if you
can hear this but woke up two people
outside of our apartment cutting down
trees like right outside our window
really loud and don't know if you can
hear this and I want starts vlog I'm
sorry you can happy Saturday how are you
guys doing mornings been kind of slow
but that's cool des cool here's the
makeup I won't look more like a gold
kind of look today we're gonna see if we
like it I'm gonna put on some lashes
right now I did homework which was
something I should have done forever ago
so I did some homework really glad
that's out of the way and we have some
filming to you and I'm gonna be editing
like all night but the plan for today I
mean like realistically I should
probably do some laundry and cleaning
and stuff but we'll see if that happens
did they stop oh my gosh please say you
stopped please say you stopped and
Gandalf nope dan stop guys we got some
packages and I'm really excited I
mentioned in the last box that you saw
that I wanted to get a package and long
story short we ended up going you
weren't there at the office so we
couldn't get them but I have them today
so I think we should do an unboxing last
time I asked if you guys wanted unboxing
than if you likes them 99.9% of you said
yes I guess we will continue to do the
unboxing really excited for the ASOS
order and then glam glow sent me
something so I'm excited to see what
that is because I love their product
probably can't hear me because of the
person with the chainsaw thing outside
my house that sounds really scary but
it's true a person's literally outside
of my apartment with a chainsaw thing
not unlike a chainsaw massacre away just
like a carrying down trees way okay
actually I'm pretty hungry it is lunch
time definitely you probably thought it
was like 9:00 a.m. no it's 11:00
the 133 awkward okay still my PJs and
I've been by awesome platy days I got
these when I'm seventh grade at Rite Aid
and they're men's
they have a hole in the butt but they're
still my favorite PJ's that were they're
so comfy yes but make it was done on
hair I put a whole bunch of dry shampoo
in here we still got to figure out what
looks the best I'm probably gonna wear
it in a ponytail let's be real kind of
this Mane isn't intense right now let's
get some food get some food currently
making some lunch I know you guys like
to see when I cook and I always forget
to I don't know why I do cooking up some
zucchini and onions don't know what I'm
gonna do with it but it's a start is he
starting some hummus and fully that
sounds good so I output what what redo
so I open the package from glam below
and there is a super mud clearing
treatment I love their masks I'm really
excited to try this out and there's -
what is this lip gloss treatment matte
lip treatment boo interesting
interesting yeah yeah that's exciting
okay boom doh for the ASIS order I
honestly kind of forget everything that
I got because it was a while ago this
order actually got backorder so it came
a little later than expected but that's
okay um oh yeah okay I remember I
remember I got a whole bunch of like
more athletic 40 types of wear stuff
look at this shirt
hopefully looks cute on me but it's a
puma like crop top it's like turtleneck
status and long-sleeve I thought this
was so cute and it's like dusty pink
which you guys know is like one of my
favorite colors in the world yeah I got
that I'm totally mixing at my athletic
brand - I got this sweatshirt which is
white and it's gonna get so dirty but
it's adidas and I thought it looked
really comfy and cozy and I figured I
could just like wear it out it's so
white it's like almost too white like I
know I probably already got like
something on it from this two seconds of
touching it I got a size bigger so it
can be even more like baggy and whatnot
so so I got that kind of debating it can
be really cute about like cut it into an
off-the-shoulder thing we shall take
then
this hat for medidas it's just a gray
baseball cap I wear baseball caps all
the time I kind of have a problem i buy
them way too often this one fits really
good though I have another great one
it's like suede but it doesn't fit that
well so I never really wear it but this
one fits really good really good next is
this shirt I have no idea how this is
gonna look on but it looks really cute
on the model for if I can open it so
it's like a crop hoodie and it has a
built-in sports bra and it's long-sleeve
also so I thought that was super cute
and different what brand is this noisy
May yeah I don't know I thought I liked
DC how all this is so sporting and the
last thing is some pan they just looked
comfy tbh so their pan and then they go
like wide in the leg you got there how
do I mean like yoga pants and they have
a bow here in the front which I thought
was super cute anyways yes that is what
I got Nia if you're watching you would
like this hat because it's like like
it's not super tight thinking of you so
I laid everything out so you guys can
kind of see it better because I know
it's kind of hard when I'm holding it
all up so there's the crop jacket with a
sports bra and then here is the crop top
Puma long-sleeve adidas jacket the Hat
and then pants got like a blue like what
is it marled grey bluish kind of thing
the material I really like you can tell
like it's not going to get wrinkled and
that's the biggest thing I look at when
I buy clothes there's a quick call for
you guys hope that you liked it
oh it's checking out what we are
currently at school we're gonna get some
shots it's the white board good that's
what I need for the video we're moving
slow so today guys it's not even funny
so slow moving so slow
we're like obviously like have to get
this done and I'm just moving so we have
four things to film and I haven't gotten
anything all day
it'll be so quick yeah she looked like a
great student
I like the beanie choice and the glasses
should I like have the teachers update
we're at and out
do you see that yes number one how do
you feel about that they're on guess
like 80 years 90 something that means
I'm literally guest number one I've
always wanted to be a swimmer one what
look I'm the lucky winner I feel like I
won like old ticket and really welcome
Chuck Barker
so comparable we're here to come a
paid-for video I mean they had orders of
things were film Dotson dude literally
films such a funny scene here and it
looks so relatable you guys joining a
song okay I'm going to kind of been here
in so long so long currently 12 14 am
and I think think I'm done editing my
video oh man I've been sitting here for
at least six hours because I started at
6 but I was working before that and I
edited a lot last night too so I can go
to bed I am so excited it goes bad this
is the not so glamorous life of
youtubers that you don't usually see I
feel like I don't know I feel like you
just see the glamorous side sometimes
and you don't really see the hard work
slash struggle you know where I'm gonna
actually go to LA and go to Hillsong
then hang out with John Murray and get
some pictures and stuff so I really
wanted to get this video done who could
be up tomorrow and and and I have a vlog
ready to go up tomorrow should be good
what should should should be good what
should should should be good what what
obviously the videos already at by the
time that you guys see this so
definitely go watch if you haven't yet
and share with your friends and yeah
it'll be good I'll see you tomorrow
Oh
nah
