good morning guys
how are you um today's Friday so happy
Friday I love Fridays Freddy's are
amazing as you can probably tell we're
currently about to film we are sitting
here at my desk I really liked filming
the last set of thing that you guys saw
in yesterday's or the last days off
we're gonna try something that you're
here again oh this is gonna be a really
short intro I just want to try it out
like you guys like longer intros or do
you like really short intros let me know
I always just like wanna talk so I feel
like I haven't let you know I mean like
yeah yeah but anyways so the worst thing
that could ever happen happened this
morning okay I'm kind of exaggerating
our water heater like broke so I'm
getting in the shower and it's breathing
and I has a great freakin cold shower
suck and I really needed to wash my hair
but there was like no way I was like
uh-uh it was so cold I couldn't so I put
a whole bunch of dry shampoo in here so
if it's extra oily today I'm sorry guys
don't hate me donate me yeah dry shampoo
scrunch doodle it's just so hopefully it
looks decent but yeah anyways we are
filming I'm excited it's this week's
video you guys are gonna love it and
yeah let's do it
there's the one last one and of course
we have some coffee
this looks bacon oh yeah I like the
twinkly light the twinkling lights look
bomb yes oh yeah hi my name is Alicia
Marie and if you like this video then
you should definitely subscribe hey guys
filling it is going smooth I got coffee
and I'm really excited
Marilla really really excited I'm trying
well you know what you may not see this
vlog I'm kind of really behind on my
vlog so I have a lot of editing to do so
you may not see this vlog until after
this videos up so if that's the case
then you guys should go watch it it is
ten annoying things that other people do
I was like why have I never done a video
like this before cuz it's so - there's
so many times where people do things and
you're like cringing like nuts so I
think it's looking really funny who's
that
and they said we have a package in the
office and I'm pretty sure it's an ASOS
order that I placed like last week's
really hoping if that cuz I got some kid
stoked I really want to go yay we have
the intro done we have one thing done
and I have about nine other things to do
so I'm going to and we have some stuff
that we need I'm trying to set if I
should go get the stuff now or just like
start filming things and I get all the
stuff later okay hold on hold on idea
taking okay so we are about to go to
target I feel really
okay so mmm Wow a chef you're gonna see
me change a lot today just because yeah
so we're just we're gonna accept that
I'm probably gonna change like three or
four times today let's be real also Hara
turned out a lot better than I thought
it was going to like like sometimes you
just pray that your hair looks good when
it is most likely not gonna look good
but what's funny is if I tried to
actually recreate this on any other day
it would not look like this at all I
know I'm not the only one literally like
when you try to recreate your hair like
messy you don't care I probably and you
can't do it yeah yeah I'm gonna break a
nail denies trying to drink some coconut
car blah Oh ash can you open this for me
me yeah Bregman now I need to get a fill
anyway so I'd like that won't help the
matter is wait wait wait wait I got it
literally like such an amazing sound mmm
I used to hate coconut water until I
went to Thailand this one's good from
spouts Pharaon brown chicken brown brown
brown brown tokyo and this one's my
favorite we're gonna we're gonna kiss oh
my gosh that's so cute
that's pretty Ashley loves watches yeah
it goes with my name is oh my gosh oh
it's Chile's okay you outfit on so leak
is that my talk yes no wonder is on
fleek just kidding okay let's go target
checking to picture the gold boom boom
boom boom boom boom boom
and then we can get my package when we
come back what get my package when we
come back what get my package when we
come back what what I want get my
package when we come back what what get
my package who we're currently filming
so you guys can see behind the scene oh
one and done we got this we got this I
believe in myself
oh there's sweet sweet
really outfit change number three yes
well this time I put a jacket hat on
provided target we have some perhaps to
get for this video and a lot of I wanted
to film a scene here and what else we
love like when I need manga for Ashley
needs big bucks guys yes I actually
music or especially you look so cute
back oh my gosh case you hot stuff I
love coffee cups that's that's a me bowl
you get that bowl
should we get Chloe a Christmas toy look
at these little my god that's no that
just reminds me of last year's vlogmas
intro oh my gosh that's so cute
oh my ethnic loads we need a serial
which cereal shall we get ash
Cheerios cheerio oatmeal squares i love
these mom go lean core runch
going crunch perfe my god special kit
with strawberries is my favorite cool
and now we need some candy
yay come on come on come pick up my work
oh my God look at this whole pinata it's
a burger oh my gosh
gosh it's so pretty oh my god I love
that can we get that on wait I was I was
trying not to shop this early that's
okay
I love all the white I got it was so
excited all of this just makes me so
happy I love like white Christmas you
know I mean like why Christmas mmm
okay what am i doing there's a gold
trade rose gold that is so pretty
oh my gosh oh all the Halloween candy is
gone nuts honey some better than better
them check it oh I get that
that's cute and those are cute this okay
I'm just gonna like stir and just missed
her I'm just mister there's a Ashley hi
really
such a cute cup a she's just don't the
cute baby palm Punk cold out son count
out that what else the one aim I think
we're I think that's it I mean I don't
need this but I'm gonna get it it up but
it's a little stuff boom
update I'm getting it the best one Mikey
um bus route cheat what what he did so
much work I edited and now I'm gonna
grading for fun oh you guys like today's
long if you did give it a thumbs up and
subscribe and I'll see you guys for all
the new look also this is going up
Sunday so don't forget to watch my new
video it went up today and ok ah way to
move my toothbrush
