good morning good morning world it's
gonna be a great day the struggle of
having nails like I can't click I can't
hit it like this after like hit it like
this or hit it like kind of to this side
can we all just admire new a coffee
corner and the lighting and the
beautifulness
ok so I'll try to do creamer I kind of
don't love it like it's not horrible but
I definitely like the other one better
but I don't want to waste this so it'll
have to do
it's beautiful morning look can we look
at how I'm holding this right now like
what good morning guys it is time to put
some makeup on oh if you guys saw
yesterday's vlog then you would know
that the shape tape foundation came I'm
so freaking excited to try this out the
concealer so good I hope it's good I
feel like I don't know I've seen also
loved heart but I genuinely hope they
come out with more shades
I know these ones are only mine because
they sent them to me yeah when I saw the
whole shade collection of it I was a
little surprised honestly I hope they
step up their game I saw a tweet that
they were coming out with more shades
but honestly I really hope that they
were doing that like before I don't know
I don't know I guess I just don't get
why they didn't have any more shades
think I'm gonna try this one I have a
oily skin so I'm gonna be using the
matte line but they do have a hydrating
one too should I use the paddle brush
that they said we could do that we could
do that hello guys my lens is always
dirty
ok what is up you guys so shower we got
the coffee that creamer is growing on me
it's just it's not my favorite but it's
not bad oh my god I'm so excited really
excited to try this out
feel like I haven't had you guys on the
makeup set up in Ohio oh it's like a
paddle thing huh oh it's literally just
like a huge shaped ape concealer wait
this looks a little dark for me I mean I
like the packaging I wonder if I should
try this without this brush I mean so
far I like it I feel like because I love
the concealer so much I'm gonna be even
more picky to like say that I
this is just cuz it's the same name like
doesn't mean it's gonna be just as good
I mean instantly I do like how it looks
I feel like it is really matte which is
great or your oily gross oh my god I've
been wanting this product for so long
however since they came out with a
concealer I was like when are they gonna
make a foundation thoughts on the brush
I don't hate it
I don't necessarily love it but it's not
bad I think the real test honestly is
gonna be how it works throughout the day
and then if I like it better than the
Fenty foundation because I love it all
right now you can have to work fast cuz
I'm noticing some like spots that are
dried so that's good to know
okay okay thoughts I like it it kind of
it's definitely mad I'm a little worried
that the mat is gonna be a little drying
but it definitely looks mad obviously I
still have to try it for a few more days
and see how I like it throughout the day
but I feel like up close it doesn't look
flawless like I'm noticing like patches
and I feel like I'm I feel like I did
this pretty quick you really have to
work quick it dries so fast the
concealers just so good so I feel like
it's hard to compare the two let's get
some speaking up concealer oh yes I kind
of wish I used my Beauty Blender for the
first time putting it on but I really
just wanted to use the brush because it
was like there okay so I'm gonna finish
my makeup let's roll this time-lapse
Mirage
and make the Sun oh oh this is the look
we got going on it's very natural but I
did do like a different lip okay final
thoughts on the foundation I like it I
don't necessarily love it yet I feel
like I will love it maybe I don't know I
don't necessarily love it yet but I will
say my foundation does look really good
it um obviously just applied it and
stuff I'm curious to see how oily I get
today so I'm purposely not gonna touch
up my makeup all day so that we can see
how it does what time is it done 12:13
p.m. guys I really need to change my
background it's still Christmas themed
sweet oh my god wait do you see that
what is that is someone recording me
wait on camera you see that like
blinking thing do you see it I don't see
that in person at all yo oh that's so
weird in person I don't see my phone
doing that ah what what that is crazy
also it is now at 12:14 why do I feel
like I look weird today
maybe it's the darker lips makes me look
more pale or is it the lighting I love
you have no idea I don't know man I
don't I don't know anyways let's get on
with the day oh hey there I have the
hiccups oh my god so here is the outfit
of the day shirts from let me put that
over there so sorry this cord thing kind
of gets annoying that way you can see
everything shirt is from Urban
Outfitters I feel like I hold this at
some point also there's like this pink
stain on it don't mind that hands are
from Urban Outfitters yeah but like
super cute oh my god they have this like
paneling which I just thought was really
cute man also featuring slippers yay
Michael hi khlo babe hi pretty girl
oh yes oh yes oh yes that feels real
good we are currently filming yeah yeah
yeah yeah yeah yeah yes what time is it
now I think it's about 2 something once
now and I don't know why I'm talking
like this this is the outfits opti on
the foundation yo my skin looks good
they like my skin does look really
really good by now I mean obviously we
got this highlight that is poppin other
than that I literally don't have any oil
and I feel like by now I normally would
like a few hours in but so far so good
all
like I feel like when you look close
like right here you can kind of see
where it wasn't fully blended where I
blended the thing for so long I think it
literally just dries it's super super
quick can kind of see some I doubt you
guys can see it in person I saw you can
kind of see a little bit so so yeah I'm
also interested to try the hydrating
foundation and see how it works with me
anyways Ashley are you ready to fan so
for the scene I'm thinking it actually
yeah like no one's here or I'm alone and
then say the same thing in the next one
I think it'd be funny if there's like a
key phrase and both scenes that tie
together and make it funny alright this
could actually be two different scenes
wait I should had me Foundation we don't
like it but like my foundation at the
same table dang it I was hoping you
wouldn't know it I know how you open the
box three do you like it yeah so far we
like it I'm still skeptical
we got the goods we got the gun they got
the gun
fun fact I awoke you liked my popcorn
kind of burnt I read an article too bad
for you though oh hey guys what is that
so I was just editing this vlog I really
wanted to do a full final thoughts on
this foundation keep in mind it is
currently 923 p.m. this foundation has
been on my face for about nine hours
without any touch-ups I have not touched
it up once I kind of wish I updated you
guys more on the 6 hour mark 6 hour 7
our mark not so much the 9 hour mark so
final thoughts on the foundation even
after editing all the footage of seeing
me applying it and stuff I really really
want to try this tomorrow with a blue
deep blue table of above what with a
Beauty Blender not the brush that I used
I kinda really regret using that because
I feel like a little bit of like not
blending this that it had was from that
brush definitely gonna be using this for
the next few days and fully trying it
out I want to do a like a Fenty versus
shaped a foundation video I feel like
that could be cool or at least just like
a vlog with it you know yeah I will say
biggest thing I noticed was that it
dries at least the mat one dries so so
so so freaking fast you really have to
move fast with it which I know is normal
but I feel like it was like you gotta
move extra fast
I do like it I think it's around what
thirty nine forty dollars for a
foundation which that's not crazy bad
that's like average for a good
foundation I just kind of wish it
applied a little easier I feel like for
nine hours of wearing a foundation it
looks pretty dang good obviously like I
desperately need to touch up and I feel
like it's not like horrible you know
I've seen so much Jack lash for the lack
of shades that they have right now and I
fully fully fully fully agree with that
I saw that Tarte said something about
they were just in a hurry to get it out
so they only did X amount of shades I
kinda feel like that's like a batiks I
mean like whatever I mean I don't I
guess to me it's just kind of hard like
how do you forget to put out more shade
this wasn't just like one person's
mistake like clearly like a whole team
of people okayed for this at least it
looks like they're taking full
responsibility for it but yeah like
literally just because I'm saying good
things about the foundation I just
didn't want you guys thinking like that
I think it's okay so anyways that is all
my person
questions with this foundation that will
definitely you'll be updating you guys
in the next few vlogs of how I feel
about it
and stuff anyways honestly I'm just
gonna end this vlog here because I think
I'm getting really tired and I want to
have it done and ready that way I can
just like go up in the morning so thank
you guys so much for watching I love you
and I'll see you really soon
