hey guys and good afternoon I was
literally about to say good morning and
I was like it's just definitely
definitely not morning but that's cool
see ways I probably look like so done up
right now we're about to film and I just
like I don't know I did my makeup and
I'm loving the makeup loving it yeah I
don't know we just we just ended up
looking a little more done up today but
you know what I like
who says I can't also I'm obsessed with
this choker I got a while ago from Nasty
Gal and it's like so cute I was telling
Ashley I feel like what I'm wearing
right now like pink suede in this choker
is one of those things where I'm gonna
look back on in like I don't know 5 10
years and be like oh my gosh what was I
wearing but like you don't care cuz it's
like I don't know you don't need me do
you know what I mean
so we're filming if you guys figure if
he's making me figure it out give you
guys a behind-the-scenes of today y'all
feels you might go to the mall later and
I have some editing to you yeah kind of
like a chill day let's do it and in this
moment I realized how dirty my mirror is
and I need to clean it because I'm
probably full foggy Hey hi munchkin hi
little one by little one okay bye
so you're decorating my desk to be
Christmas if I just honestly changing
the background helps so much is this so
cute it's like snow hearts some twinkly
light oh I have to change this it is not
October any longer yeah just now this is
heart with one hands like or not okay
yep
yay it's so much better that is exciting
want to put it back I think this board
is still the fit make like most favorite
DIY I think I've ever done I've never
kept up a DIY this long like I love the
only thing is I do need to fix that got
to change that but yes I love that so
much okay we are about to film and we
changed the setting the filming set up a
bit so you could change things up for or
for a bit you know like why not Elena
also I changed my background picture
again because the other one was Cupid I
was like you couldn't really tell what
it was from far away but this one is so
cute guys look at these cookies they
look so freaking good I just want them
all wanna eat them all okay
so we got going on yeah
I and definitely subscribe to my channel
if you're new and you want to see more
videos from me because that would make
me really happy
update time we are done filming it went
really smooth I was really happy with
how the footage turned out like the
lighting just looking beautiful but
univille now I changed obviously but I
didn't keep the choker on I love this
you guys I think it's so cute so yeah
we're gonna head to the mall Ashley has
a few things that she wants to get I
don't need anything but I kind of would
love to go to lush and get some new like
face masks and stuff like that a long
time since I've been to lush and I also
need to go to Sephora to get some powder
and I think that's all the stuff that I
like needed fine but I want to be out of
it I'm not really sure if this goes or
if it looks good but we're just gonna go
with it I said I kept on the choker
which is like a bedazzled holographic
type thing Ashley let me borrow this
shirt it's just a huge oversized baggy
t-shirt which that's what I really need
I'd love to get some more of those today
at the mall because I have a lot of cute
crop tops but I feel like I don't have
that many like cute clothes when I'm
just wanting to like lounge and you know
I mean give my gray sweat shorts and
then this one I'll tie it around my
waist and then I'm wearing my combat
boots which I haven't worn I haven't
worn these and who knows how long it
looks like I'm not wearing shorts but I
swear I am hi yeah so that my outfit
woah now as you to grab my purse cause
boy Leo goes a little early that's Glenn
I've won one today we're using a black
opium by isn't it all at all
I don't know speaking of I just blew up
the scandal obviously and I really want
to get on they have the winter ones out
already I saw they posted on Instagram
I'm like I want to get some on I got
some we also took some photos ba-ba-boom
like how cute this is
I like these yeah I actually really like
this set up let me know if you guys like
it I like it for like just a change for
like the holidays and stuff maybe or
maybe just for this video I like I don't
even know I just kind of like the
twinkly lights the background yay look
at that look at all hey seriously looks
so good I love like little twinkly
lights like the pastel like this is so
me like when I think of me for holiday
it's like pastels and I love we are
currently in Urban Outfitters
if anything the mom can sense it right
oh yeah mom turns our heart is this not
so cute like all this together so I
totally got like the light dusty pink
one mom excited shoes they have you've
wanted those for like ever
campus once but I want more oh not the
gazelle they're not here or is it just a
gazelle they have a lot of cute stuff
out right now so you can tell it's
transitioning to like the winter even
though it's not one to here at all
didn't you want some black jeans just
like plain ones
yeah just got some goodies from lush oh
these escalators are so small when you
have huge back to me this is the current
situation going on at home so now we're
going to Sephora
powder purple shampoo
and let's see time you're going to
Trader Joe's one of my favorite places
ever
yeah what do we need oh we get flowers
oh you got flowers of a table I thought
I always loved their flowers here oh
it's so cool don't you eat about
freaking grocery shopping it always is
what are your guys's favorite things to
eat comment below
got some stuffs how abouts do I need
anything
I'm so cold oh those veggie chips are
bomb I love those Oh ice cream oh my god
those are bomb
chocolate-covered bananas Oh oh my god
oh my gosh you guys if you know me you
know that I love cookie butter oh my god
I'll be back for you one day be back
free fruity Kiki look what I got we came
to get some of these and it's really
been we are a secret mission
and then we came to surprise Taryn and
her apartment and I haven't been in
mm-hmm
because I was on tour when she moved
mm-hmm we're coming
behind Tara even surprised Michael but
guys is just so cute
Harry Potter fan is so cute to ash how
come we're not this creative we just put
our boring cover are you kidding me we
shoo-in but cookie butter barn it should
be like I don't know hey guys update I'm
so obviously I'm back in my room I
thought I wanted to edit this vlog so I
figured I should end it through funds
being tear and it was actually my first
time I going over to her a new apartment
but yeah I just wanted to end today's
vlog and edit it so I could go to bed
and then wake up and start a new new
vlog yeah I love you guys so so so much
and I'll see you guys tomorrow
you're gonna love you yee-haa
