hey guys what is up J Sunday October
October 16 I uploaded yesterday's vlog
so that is up really exciting and in
like an hour and a half ish I'm gonna be
uploading my main channel video which
I'm really excited about I think you
guys are going to love it I'm really
proud of this video and it's been a
while since I feel like I've been like
really proud of a video so I'm really
proud of it so you guys should watch it
watch it like twice yes
so today's an exciting day you want to
know why I will tell you why bug juice
here John Murray is here it's been so
long it's like it's been a long time
since you've been in the vlog so miss
you guys they missed you today we are
going to the place where we go all the
time which would be Palm Springs we're
gonna go just for the day gonna go take
some pictures
I'm excited it'll be good I'm actually
really excited to drive to we were
debating like what I wonder what go I
was like should we get coffee and then
get coffee later and I'm like no we can
like get ready thing for a coffee mugs
yeah okay guys we are Palm Springs bound
again we are we got some coffee going to
the base place
get a base plate picking a star be you
know me you spent runner coffee are we
ready
let's do it dropping off Chloe but I
keep only me my son babe I'll see you
tonight you laters
we made it and we first first stop we're
at the Palm Springs sign we're like I
love how we just get each other's
tourists like pictures because I love it
here look at guy wait the weather's
actually good you should went off
roading I like we were just I was
driving and then like I saw the sign
over here and I like pulled over and
Alzheimer we have to stop so pretty hey
got the good guys you got some bomb
pictures have we got a lot of fun
picture huh okay so we're currently at
camera show really cute and really good
really long food around here happily go
there
and Sunday brunch special yes so you get
an appetizer an entree and then dessert
yo this looks absolutely great what are
you gonna get I think I just want like a
mom
say for dessert so I'm thinking
sliding it so good they already know it
all up to you we got a chicken salad
which looks amazing and we got who
egg I might still a potato I'm just
letting you know we're going to eat and
I love you guys in it go into the base
please
these what my name Reagan iced green tea
unsweetened excited for this excited for
this GoPro GoPro this is a
point-and-shoot dude for the Erin I've
got really good going to the base oh I
got tea not coffee
so then sound boom so bright a Jamboree
pie whoo
hey guys so we have been having an
amazing photo shoot day we've been
taking so many pictures this is outfit
change number three I want to say it's
just so pretty here I freaking love it I
said it's so much already wearing a
white shirt choker and a denim skirt
oh and these new shoes that I got okay
I'll know if you see but I got some like
mint adidas I really like them I think
they're so cute and they're very me so
so yes we just got some amazing pictures
I'm really excited
we're like what do we do now what do we
do okay like works for baby really this
one look at how cute this house is I
want you or take over Dhamma remember be
okay I haven't seen I'll be shut in like
two months forever man it was it but
trap oval your oh you came to girls
night in LA show right sure I saw you
for a second and then I for that was
like oh we got dinner and the VidCon
right like it's been way too long I will
say I'm so excited to see Alicia and I'm
like this is definitely happening next
weekend - oh yeah we're gonna have a
girl trip with Ashley in here yes today
in LA we're gonna stay in LA and have
like a staycation do touristy stuff like
I wanted tour bus we've never done in LA
jour there's no
I want to so bad eyes this house is so
it's like a freaking chrome door okay
guys so it is currently I fifty-one pm
and be looking through all the photos
right now people on I feel like we got
so much I'm really excited we got so
many pictures
today we've taken 1815 pictures how do
you feel about that I feel like there's
gotta be one I hope
hopefully there's one hopefully there's
just one picture we both like so I got
anyone who things they like just take
one picture and it's effortless and we
look gorgeous and we're not like no no
there's usually like 20 mate 20s good is
usually at least 30 pictures
and get ready for Instagram is about to
be on fleek again there was 30 minutes
this is a couple months where it's kind
of been just not happening like I've
been really awful until here is probably
notice - okay
Kemper on it it'd be great it's gonna be
great
