good morning guys what is up today is
Friday October 28th I had to check to
make sure that was right currently in
Hawaii if you saw my last vlog and
actually been here for two three days
now two or three days couldn't really
vlog too much because we were working on
that super top secret project I am
allowed to say some things about it so
I'm debating if I should say that or
just keep it a huge surprise I'm know we
shall see you today we actually fly back
home tonight
I'm with Emma gale hi we have a red-eye
tonight but we're in Hawaii for a whole
day if you're like wait we actually have
like a day to relax and go to the pool
and swim and all that fun stuff and I
wanted to vlog to make up for not
vlogging the past two days but honestly
like I feel like they would have been
very boring vlogs because I wouldn't
have been able to show anything or say
much currently importing some stuff to
edit for this week's video
we just got breakfast I'm really excited
I got some granola then I got that fruit
platter over there does that not look
heavenly oh my gosh okay so this is what
way prettier so um let's just preview
that whole lot clapping okay so I got
some breakfast it looks amazing at this
fruit oh you guys I love papaya in
Hawaii and nowhere else like other than
like oh it doesn't even taste like a pie
at home seriously and I got some granola
and some hard-boiled eggs and I excited
yeah I'm gonna eat I'm gonna eat and
I'll take it in a bit the time we are
currently at the pool and it's so nice
you guys have to see this oh my gosh you
is beautiful already snapchat and
Instagram snapchat whatever Instagram
story it feels so nice the only thing is
it's kind of windy I'm sure you guys can
hear that so that kind of sucks but we
got this little like vanity oh my gosh
it's so nice oh yeah my god
and so Indy I think my camera actually
might fall over like in the pool I don't
want on Terina update is currently 1:13
p.m. is the as I say the Sun the wind
finally died down which is amazing so we
can actually you probably actually hear
me now which is great we're just chillin
this little whole thing so her ready
yeah yeah it's 1:13 at 4:00 we have our
room to go like shower and stuff because
our check out was at 12 they gave us
this little bag with some like snacks
which is so sweet
there's some sweet potato chips get some
water literally the best macadamia nuts
oh my gosh they're so good you're down
ordered a smoothie it's literally just
guava and liliquoi and ice and it's so
good oh my gosh shell bomb now 1:40 p.m.
this is literally our day our flights at
8:00 tonight and we have a red-eye so
we're not going to get home until like
5:00 a.m. on Saturday so we just have a
couple hours which is a really nice I
think we can't complain no oh and the
bomb tore fruit came I was like oh wait
I need to take a picture of this so I'm
gonna set it here and hopefully this
will look like a good picture oh my gosh
this looks so good that dragon fruit
though oh that looks so pretty
update time 3:30 something we were
literally sitting and that little clip
and a thing for let probably six hours
we got it like what 10:30 he just really
did nothing I thought this vlog might be
kind of boring I'm sorry guys but right
now we are going to see if we can check
in early for our hospitality room where
we get a shower and stuff before a
flight or if we're going to eat first
we're going to think this is the you
hotel though so the pools right down
there
the beach is right there it's such a
pretty view I actually can't guys so
pretty okay so onto the room just
showered as you can probably tell I'm
wearing my sari I'm blogging shirt you
guys have this comment below and let me
know it's from a tour it was one part of
my tour March right now we're going to
go get some food before we head to the
airport I'm head back home
muhahaha shout out to Ashley for letting
me use her suitcase
oh I'm stuck
I can't yeah we have to dinner here we
got food and we're just enjoying the
view it got windy again so sorry if you
can't hear me but hey I'm gonna eat and
then head to the airport
shopping adventures and Hawaii trying to
pick up other scent ice cream oh then
coffee would you get one I met a lot of
these places are closed then got some
coffee I got this for me patterns
because they will for my mom let's be
real my dad doesn't really drink coffee
for you mum hope you like it and now I'm
gonna get some snacks for EE literally I
don't even know what I look like right
now
my hair is like I want some fruit I'm so
full from dinner but I still want fruit
it's like my last chance to have fruit
from here these things so good so so so
good shopping adventures and like I'm
gonna play her dunno it was so windy
during dinner so I put my hair up to now
I can get it down
now no one oh man guys let's see here's
my hole
boom Ashley's on her way and she's come
get me and I'm really hoping that she
has Chloe with her I'm tired but I'm not
as tired as I thought I would be and I
realized that I got sunburned yesterday
which is a feather right here you can
like Carly's alright now I was like no
one is here normally this is his jam
packed with cars
this is crazy that's how you know how
early it is
murk
I'm home guys so I'm back at the
apartment and I'm gonna go to bed
because it's like 5:45 I'm tired but
yeah I think you guys are watching sorry
again that I couldn't really vlog too
much but I promised Ellie eyes no really
soon oops close up but yeah I love you
guys and I'll see you tomorrow with new
luck bye MA
