good morning guys how are you what is up
yes today is Friday and we are filming
all all all day literally all day
apparently 11:30 I just did my makeup
and I'm about to do my hair I think I'm
just gonna blow dry it and see how that
looks but yeah and then maybe straighten
that only a shawl Cyrus boom I feel like
my makeup is very like boom today then I
feel like Cinderella with this choker
wait for it do you see it I love it
anyways um anyways yeah I'm really
excited for this video I think it's
gonna be really funny and really good so
let me know if you can guess it in the
comments below you guys know me I always
go full out with stuff so our living
room is currently a Halloween party
and it's gonna be epic yes anyways let's
look at my hair guys and guess what
Ashley surprised me with this morning
y'all go into the base place
yeah the base I'm seeing that so long
you guys if you are curious grande
skinny soy vanilla latte so oh it's so
good boom and hair is done I just
blow-dried it but it kind of looks I'm
not actually she liked it your lipsticks
really pretty oh my gosh it's the new
smash but fun it's really I told ya I
could learn any other one I've ever seen
on you like I'm I love the ended early
yeah and they're so creamy when you put
them on guys I'm not kidding my hair
cool we're gonna film this intro it's
gonna be good gonna be great and I'm
really excited to get to they started my
clothes pull money I love you I love you
Clow I love you you're finally looks up
hey ash can you film behind the scenes
scrimmage yes I think booting it should
use this Halloween season
so this Halloween you want to walk into
a party and make everyone be like okay
that was a smart costume idea Oh also
you should most definitely stay to the
very end of this video because I may or
may not be giving away an iPhone 7 your
choice in color so yeah if you want to
know more about that then definitely
watch this entire video so yeah and yeah
so you should save
you took you to sitting there currently
filming and guys you know how I like to
go all out for videos we got dry ice for
the punch and it's gonna make it look so
epic I'm so excited ash you should be
really very careful please let's stuff
you don't mess with that stuff how do
you like our little little setup we got
going on here oh that's not wait wait
can you blog boy oh my gosh guys this is
so I remember doing this one time
at like a birthday party forever or go
we got the good got some candy glow
sticks blacklight this a fun little
party of three three I couldn't get the
spiderweb stuff to work as you can tell
if this isn't a party I don't know what
a party is awesome
finally got this stuff up I know it's
like not really a great job but that's
what happens when Alicia tries to rush
something and it just looks like I use
antlers in all of my day
all right guys
Who am I I use embers in all the boy in
blue obviously I'm not got Starbuck well
fart ha ha ha ha don't touch a touch
there must be more to this provincial
boy I'm going to make love now I'm going
to make my ah true that he's no prince
charming
ha ha ha ha ha ha
he's a bit alarming as we're filming
you're slowly but surely gonna find
records just gonna mix it it looks so um
yeah what's going on anyone oh there we
go there we go we're blowing up a phony
the most part guys this is the most part
I love cute little deep growl little
anxious
fun fact what Alicia was little she
wanted to be a magician with all her
might
boom p'tee seus to some magical news for
now
yeah when you get hungry just okay guys
update time is currently at 554 p.m. I
don't know where today wins we seriously
did so much so this video is gonna be
going up Sunday but I still have a
little bit more to film and luckily
since it's a Halloween video I mean
obviously you guys probably figured that
out by now we can some later tonight
Ashley actually was going to a concert
with teryn I'm searching they won't be
back to like midnight but I think we're
gonna try to film a couple more tonight
and then some early tomorrow morning so
it should be good so I'm basically home
all of them by myself with clove so I
think I'm gonna watch some TV and I'm
going to edit this video and yeah hey
guys so it is literally the next morning
and I realized I totally forgot to you
in yesterday's vlog there's ones in it
now I hope that you liked it sorry if it
was on the shorter side so get excited
for this week's video I think you guys
really liked it see you guys really soon
with a new ball I love you bye
