good morning guys what is up so today is
Saturday and today we are doing
something super fun that we kind of do
all the time what you even just did it
last week um that ridiculous Ashley John
Murray and I are going to Palm Springs
and we're really excited we actually got
a hotel this time so we're gonna stay
the night there for one night we're just
so excited to have a great time yeah so
currently packing gonna leave the house
in like two seconds you want to pack for
our girls weekend girly girly weekend
boom June I think this jacket can fit
here
oh okay so yeah I'm super excited let's
let's let's do this put it right in the
glasses because I couldn't find my other
ones but yeah this I dropped off ashley
jhumri because they're gonna get us
coffee and breakfast I'm currently going
to get gas because my tank is literally
empty and you know I would be good so we
don't get stranded and stuff so do this
doing this one hand it is kind of hard
not gonna lie Jennifer can coffee I'm
really excited to begin I feel like it's
just going to be so relaxing
and yet excited about Dalek I've never
flogged when I've gotten gossip or guys
who yeah I'm kind of said I left my like
real sunglasses at home I'm bet about
put a firm read of em read of remember
I always take so long in your eye
sitting here like what do I do while I
wait for my card
know that I'm sorry
we got that coffee Oh tink
I forgot the caramel YUM
oh wait hi even tonight it's about time
hi I'm Scott saghafi and pear things to
these lovely lovely ladies oh we're
going some spring update I'm so we are
current we ended up stopping there's an
illness like on the way they're called
Cabazon outlets we got some steps hi
what's up every night hey did you find
anything I think I found some stuff I
need help going through it so to figure
out what I actually want that's really
cool okay I've got some stuff and I
wrote it down and it's like you so I
think I might do it perfectly one more
lead over you guys hey we got some good
it's so pretty here like little
fountains will see the Starbucks I see
the base
okay guys so we just got into our room
at my hair oh my god I haven't done it
it's so oily I'm not wearing makeup and
yes well we just got into our room and
it is so freakin beautiful and amazing
it's like way nicer than I thought like
the pictures were great online but it
did not do it justice it's so so cute oh
my gosh really quick hotel rooms you are
let's do it when you walk in there's the
living room and this is just so cute
like all the colors and stuff oh my gosh
I'm obsessed literally looks like
anthropology in here amazing we have all
of our luggage right here so don't why
not we have an Ashley dumb bunny hi
over here it's super cute little rug
which I'm obsessed with there's a closet
fridge ready do two two and then over
here we have our own little patio I
cants so cute and then here's the
bedroom oh my gosh right won't we have
another TV this is the quickest room to
I think I've ever done the bathroom is
super nice hello oh here's the bathroom
where we will be bathing but a lot rude
hi guys
yeah so that's our room I'm obsessed I
feel like I'm always gonna come back
here now also we made a stop and I
totally it was bad and got chocolate
caramel popcorn and milk chocolate
raisins jewels okay guys so I wanted to
look through all of my new clothes that
I got and I figured I might as well vlog
it you guys would want to see it - I'm
guessing so we went to forever 21 and
then we also went to Steve Madden so I'm
gonna start with the Steve Madden shoes
because there's no lid and obviously you
can already see them I got these boots
in it I feel like every one of their
mother has these suits and I loved them
but I didn't want to get them because
everyone has them but I finally caved
and got them because I just thought they
were so cute but they're just like
over-the-knee gray boots and I don't
have high-grade boots I have like black
ones and like brown one so now I have
gray ones and I'm excited for that so I
got those and from forever 21 here we go
boom we got some goodies so first things
first we'll start with this oh my god
you know yeah it's very like I have
three cute you got that I also got these
glasses
can't see them okay sorry about that so
I cut these glasses and I have some just
like them from key but the like want the
screw broke or something so I got these
and these does have more of a blue green
tint so I thought we would change it up
and there were only $7 was like a one on
I also got this choker which i think is
so cute it looks like that I admit that
I have a choker obsession I have way too
many I buy them all the time but they're
just cute and I love them so yeah got
that also got this beanie and it's funny
because I'm really not a cat person but
it says meow and I was like you know had
little ears never slick so I got that
and this one was seven dollars and
ninety cents then I got this shirt a
velvet lace looking purple shirt full
crop top so I thought that was super
cute I see that I got from forever 21 is
this hoodie just like this beige looking
and she says hoodie and it says New York
never sleep so I got I got a size bigger
so it could be like big and baggy and I
can just like be out confident so yeah
yeah this is everything that I got
shopping today I hope that you guys like
this all kind of a mini haul but it is a
haul nonetheless I thought this would be
such a cute outfit together like with
shorts with a huge oversized hoodie it
with these boots so I thought that'd be
super cute I'm kind of seeing like a
theme very like muted pinks purples grey
you know and then throw that in
yay time not one but two bags roll a
boom chicka pop
three people about our red bugger less
Shaun miss dedication hey that was bad
hey guys so I just wanted to end this
vlog it got pretty Glee I've been
editing my video non-stop for like the
past like four hours ish I want to say
so that'll be up tomorrow I'm really
excited it is a testing ludia my life
hacks video that there was some really
awesome life hacks like some of my
favorite life hacks I've ever tested are
in this video so you guys have to watch
it watch it multiple times
share with your friends why is this
really read right now no bad lighting
oh ah awkward awkward taco anyways I
love you guys so this is oh so much and
I'll see you guys tomorrow with new vlog
and of you please
