good morning guys
guess what time it is oh yes oh yes hey
guys and good morning welcome back to
the apartment oh my gosh I'm so happy to
be home you guys don't even know if you
don't follow me on snapchat or Twitter's
then you probably really wouldn't know
it's actually in New York for a week and
a half or maybe you did yeah you did
because the beautycon vlog I ended up
staying out there since beautycon so
I've been out there for such a long time
as I'm sure most or all of you notice I
have really blogged there and I'm
actually kind of glad that I didn't
because I feel like it was a really good
time just to kind of like chill and yes
my whole family was planning on flying
out to Connecticut for my aunt's funeral
I could didn't know about that so it
didn't really make sense for me to fly
back from beautycon and then fly back
out there because it was like only a
couple days so my dad ended up flying
out early out there he's never been to
the city before so I just showed him
around everywhere so that was really fun
and it actually I'm a mom came out a
couple days later yeah so it was just a
really good family time but yeah I just
felt like it was really good family time
and relaxed time and and yes thank you
guys for understanding because I know
some of you guys been like where are
your videos good news
main channel video is going up today
which I'm really excited about today I'm
so excited I woke up really in like in a
productive mood which I was hoping for
low key hoping for
okay so makeup is done and I've just
been chilling here editing and getting
some work done
and yes and well haha yeah um also guys
so productive right now laundry already
unpacked my sequel I unpack my suitcase
but I solve a lot more to do with that
cleaning out my closet yo just finish
unpacking all of my makeup so it's all
back in it later caddy on its spot oh no
all in it but this also broke I think
I'm going to throw it away because the
zipper is busted now I can't really I
mean I can use it but maybe I'll keep it
just in case future I'll get a new bag
so right now I'm trying to go through my
room and all of my clothes I'm trying to
do all of my laundry that I possibly
need to do and then go through my
clothes and figure out what I want to
keep what I want to donate started doing
that
couple weeks ago if you guys remember
that I never got finished so yeah so
we've made progress there as you can
tell this a lot more empty hangers then
there was before before I had like two I
did have enough hangers now luckily I
have some hangers luckily that is
happening still need to reorganize my
shoes still need it reorganize these
hampers it's definitely gonna be a
project but that's okay like that's just
my main goal today I'm gonna take Chloe
to the groomers um Chloe three babes oh
honey come here come here
oh we are dirty little one oh yes I
beams
hi did you miss me oh I missed you and
everyone missed you too oh you were so
cute we are going to the groomers today
so we're gonna get all beautified
because we are gray and black right now
we're not white and black you are in the
cutest cuddliest mood right now oh we
are okay yo hi guys I missed you and I'm
promise I'm gonna post on my Instagram
soon it's just been a little bit yeah so
yeah okay bye
so yeah that is the plan for today I
still have to finish editing waiting for
Nikki to send me some clips before but
the videos mostly done like most it up
yeah I probably should be doing
something else right now other than
sitting here but I wanted to vlog so
yeah okay guys so I wanted to take a
minute to discuss something that a lot
of people have been wondering about and
that is the answer of did I get a tattoo
there were a couple of vlogs where there
were probably hundreds of comments I got
so many tweets so many tweets asking if
I had a tattoo on my wrist no I do not
have a tattoo my dad even I know he's
watching this my dad even text me with a
picture of it and was like when did you
get a tattoo or like what made you want
to get a tattoo I was dying I was like
no it's not it's just ten I just wrote
it on obviously it was just pen and
stuff but I wanted to kind of explain to
you guys I always knew if I was to get
one it would have to mean something to
me and I love love love like dinky
tattoos like a little like like the
small cursive one like a whole bunch of
small little tattoos I love like that's
like love recently Ashley's been saying
she's kind of really wanted to get a
tattoo and she thinks she's gonna do it
I was like okay like we're getting her
get in deep for a second all of the
sudden I swear within the past two
months I've probably known like five
people that have passed away like not
even necessarily close to me some have
been super close and some I've just like
went to high school with or some are
friends and friends that I swear my
facebook newsfeed is full of like people
passing away I saw this quote that
literally like spoke to me so much and
I'm all for deep stuff like I'm all
about that stuff
anytime anyone passes away you always
see the date that they are born a - and
then the date when they died and I was
saying how interesting is it that your
whole life your whole entire life if
your whole being is summed up into this
little - and like what do you want that
- to me like what do you want to stand
up for what do you want your whole life
your whole life is represented by this
small little - that most people like
don't notice you know they notice the
data you're born they notice that diggy
that you died but everyone always
overlooks that little - like this is
crazy i love this and i really love this
like a little - like a little line i was
like of course like my first tattoo
would be like a line so it could
literally take a second for them to do
and it's like not even like anything
cool or you know maybe feel like it look
weird just have like a little - and then
i was looking at and I was like wait
like this could be a cross and if you
guys don't know I 110 percent believe in
God and that's a huge part of my life so
across I was like wait that could be
really cool and draw a cross but just
not connect it to our Lisa - stood out
that is what I had on my wrist obviously
I don't have a tattoo so I haven't
gotten it I'm not sure if I'm going to
you that was just something that was
playing with I'm sure all doodle a
million of other things on me until like
I don't know I don't know so yeah that's
a that is that whole story nika's hum
and like his pretty high oh my gosh that
is clothed at I know well actually we
gotta get rid of these I got really
useful things oh I can't yours Oh Cupid
hey come love me
like mama please take this off me gonna
hold on
hey she's literally like a daughter hold
still one and then just kind of oh yeah
oh yeah yeah better mm-hmm you're family
do you guys know what time it is it is
time to open up some packages because
I've been gone and that's usually what
happens when I get back have to I am
pretty sure I know what this one is I'm
really excited for it this one I have no
idea but it says Smashbox oh that's
opened it shall we shall we turn to the
dungeon
this isn't need a little lipstick love
to kick off the fall season we just
expanded our be legendary line to
include a hundred and twenty jaw drop
dropping shade size this box our 20 fun
ones chosen especially for you wait what
the fact that it says chosen especially
for you is the part that makes me so
excited oh no I just ruined it I opened
it but then all of them fell through
because I did it wrong
yeah I've been needing a new lipstick
like like the perfect nude color
lipstick as you can see it's very
obvious that I like more plums neutral
pinks and plums oh my gosh well this one
is totally standing out like no other to
me oh my gosh I love this so much oh my
gosh this is like the prettiest
bubblegum pink color ever ticket me Matt
oh my god colors are so pretty
whoo work it this one looks gorgeous
this one looks so pretty I might put
that on my lips just to see what that
looks like okay so obviously I don't
want to take out all the colors but here
four of them they all look so pretty oh
my gosh I'm excited to try out all the
rest because there are some gorgeous
colors in here okay I think I'm gonna
try I'm gonna try on this line just work
it or no yeah
work it grayish Brown Waller oh my gosh
you're really smooth
I love these oh my gosh they're so
smooth gonna wear this one on just to
see what it looks like might be my new
favorite lipsticks mica many favorite
lipsticks I am pretty and like 99% sure
I notices it's smaller is it smaller
it no it's smaller it's as YouTube so
this is the plaque for hitting a million
on my vlog channel which you guys like
it's different then the other one wait
this is so much smaller boom there it is
this is crazy though because it's
different than the other one I'll show
you guys in side-by-side gosh yay well
thank you guys so much I can't believe I
still have one of these huge things and
now I have two of them so crazy so thank
you guys oh my gosh I don't know how to
do this one though now okay so there
they are side by side there's like this
random pumpkin let me so there are the
two plaques side by side they're both
for hitting a million which is weird and
this one this gold looks more like a
bronze gold like I don't know if you
guys can tell it's more like a warmer
gold yeah it's really weird comparing to
you and when I filled out the form for
this is ever supposed to be a picture of
me on it and it's not on there so that's
interesting that's the other one so you
can see there's a huge difference in
size but regardless I don't even care I
think here's so much I was excited so
excited here I so much want it in this
vlog and go to bed I hope that you liked
it and I will see you guys most likely
tomorrow with a new blog and yes
Olivier's bye
