good morning guys I look crazy yes
so currently doing my makeup guys we're
in New York
deciding though this lighting doe so
today is beautycon New York we're here
for convention I'm really excited India
is here she's currently getting ready to
UM yesterday I flew in and guys I had
the best flight of my freaking life
lights oh my gosh new Delta and I was
actually on Delta one's like business
class I was like freaking out it was so
amazing if you guys thought my tweets in
my snapchats you would be able to tell
how excited I was my seat laid down like
I was laying down asleep I went to a
deep sleep for like three hours like
dreams and everything didn't wake up at
all amazing huge huge chance Delta thank
you so much that was the best flight of
my entire life
and yeah I like low-key never want to
fly any other way again so yeah as I
said I'm currently getting ready as you
can tell by this baking that's going on
have my makeup here doing it in front of
this beautiful view and we talked about
this view there's a Freedom Tower we are
in New York hi oh my gosh it's like my
too much in my face okay that would be
cool can I drop you up a little I mean
yeah yay we're getting ready and we got
some breakfast me and I both got the
avocado toast of course we've got some
coffee oh yes oh dude this is a bomb
fruit plate okay here is the outfit oh
my gosh not used to it you look sexy no
you're good you're good
this is Alicia this is me noxious woman
guys she's single and gotta fall so of
course with a smokey eye actually I was
like meme should I go for a more subtle
like I look or a smokey and she's like
do smoky I was like okay we're doing
this smokey I just called her uber they
should be here soon we're gonna head
over to the events it's gonna be fun and
so excited to meet so many of you guys
we have a meetup from one two three and
yes cuz I mean who else would I rather
do a meet-up with me we always do our
meetups together Oh
Oh
with your name
you
getting me getting me
yes oh I thought you know Shane is here
yes yeah text her she's here yeah yeah
this is so pretty good boobie you like
develop oh hey guys we are back at the
hotel and we are actually headed to
Pennsylvania we're gonna go stay at
Nikki and Gabby's tonight I'm really
excited for that should I come to update
you guys because so much fun so often
meeting so many of you we are currently
at Panera kins food I'm so hungry we
really haven't eaten much since
breakfast I mean Dallas meems
I got salad and then I got some soup I'm
really excited yes yes
Walmart pictures yeah what slowly plane
literally saint-omer
I was like oh my gosh we need this Oh -
we're getting stuck getting some stuff
Walmart Adventures brought we are coming
to collab
you gotta get the good get the good hey
guys update time so do you recognize
this bathroom maybe yes no currently at
niki and gabi is actually quite a bit
late it's like 2:40 a.m. it's really
late i have been editing we just been
chilling watching TV and stuff so i was
gonna go to bed but I want to end this
vlog but before I do yeah tomorrow we
were filming so that'll be fun
like new Cartman what that'll be your
phone's log for you guys and yes again
thank you to everyone who came to our
meetup today was so nice meeting all of
you guys and I had a great time and yeah
I love you guys so much you mean the
world to me and good night love you hey
guys what up
today is Monday and we are filming every
lab yeah well you started it earlier for
me do you want we started like this do
you wanna build a snowman
not a total Tom you only look amazing
thank you hey guys okay so we are
filming a video obviously this is
Halloween related I'm not even gonna try
to hide it pretty dang obvious the last
time I was in it also costume me a
little bit she's a bean yeah yeah yeah
yeah she's a bee she's a be she's a
should tell me when all right now
actually just filmed yeah that I don't
know your thigh oh you're good oh great
I am wrong to be yeah these are my
double chin exercises
I owe you I did you eat I know my Mary
Kay girls smile come on you can't go
trick-or-treating until we take a
picture smile red no show your teeth
Nicky show your teeth
okay one two oh yeah almost your ham
table seriously such a long long day so
I apologize if there's like hardly any
footage
