good morning guys
and redo good morning guys and welcome
to today's vlog today is Tuesday and
guess Reagan I'm at Mia's apartment yay
since a night here last night and yeah I
figured i vlog it's been a long time
since well it's been a long time to say
have I walked here
I don't think watch here I'm gonna
believe in you like twice now maybe
three times maybe guys I'm in the new
apartment oh my gosh that's crazy I move
if you do not know that which you should
not because I feel like everyone should
watch both of our blogs if you like if
you like my book you would love her bugs
because we the same same same but
different yeah so exciting we just add a
chill night and I wanted to block this
morning it's like I haven't talked in a
while I haven't blocked with me in a
while I think it's currently like noon
is shortly at 12:00 no yeah currently
1238 a starting a little late a bluff
okay I think we're gonna go and get some
juice and maybe go to the gym and just
have a chill chill day you guys call
them yet we are walking to get some
oh we're going there here we go here we
go
thank you mrs. within didn't you thumbs
you I can't yes
this looks so bomb we got eight peanut
butter protein shake and looks for the
good okay hey guys update my makeup I
see you can probably tell just uploaded
yesterday's vlog that is Sunday's vlog
upload a new blog so that's exciting I
do I make up some supernatural and even
put on eye shadow just because I don't
want to put on too much today and yeah
so yeah and my hair she's gonna go to
town
kill kill got some coffee thanks to
memes because she was downstairs and
they have coffee downstairs and she
brought one up for me and it's good
morning everyone
mmm it is cop time those are yesterday's
vlog was really short I was like really
upset with nice I don't know like the
next thing is honestly me and I really
haven't hung out for the long this time
I mean like we've seen each other but I
haven't just like hung out I love was my
first time like spagna in her new
apartment I didn't even show you guys
apartment great so yeah we both just
kind of forgot to vlog so I apologize
for that and but I figured I would
combine it yesterday's footage with
today's because today we are filming all
day long you go behind the scenes and
yeah it should be good
should be good and this is almost ready
which makes me a very excited and I kind
of can't find the lid so this is what we
get today
little whiny we're so cute I would Pat
you but my hands are full oh my gosh
stop why are you so cute no money no
money is my name Emma she is my game
bout to do my makeup and get ready for
the day but I want to show you guys some
new goodies that I got yesterday I got a
couple packages and I was so excited to
open them I forgot to wait for the vlog
I'm so sorry I'm guessing these are new
NARS velvet lip glide oh my gosh hold on
oh my goodness these are beautiful
probably won't use these colors that
much but I know teryn would love this
because she always wears red lipstick
this one is literally speaking to me so
much in the color bound it's a really
really pretty
topi mob-like dusty pink grayish brown
color and I love it so much oh my gosh
so exciting and then all this is from
Tarte which is also super exciting hold
on I'm going to open some of these seas
and see them better it looks like this
is their Pro Line I'm in love with this
packaging like it's like a velvet it
just looks so sleek and I absolutely
love it so this is the contour and
highlight palette this is so pretty
and then here we have some little lazy
and I left the rest in the boxes just
because I don't want took them out but
you can kind of like get the gist of it
they're like little lip paints and I
love these colors and then here's an eye
shadow palette which is so pretty again
I think we can agree that this packaging
is just amazing like it looks so she's
up I absolutely love it so now that I
have some new makeup goodies I'm going
to get do my makeup and yeah let's get
started
okay make if it's almost done but I
wanted to try out the new lip products
I'm really excited about I'm gonna do
that NARS one that's what it looks like
definitely plummy but I'm down like I'm
I'm down it's unbelievably creamy dude
this colors so pretty I realized that
all these all these colors are like
perfect for fall which totally makes
sense but they like did it no I can't
tell if this is gonna dry it's like a
lip stick slash liquid lipstick but it's
not a matte liquid lipstick I think
that's what it is I really like it
though but let me finish my eyelashes
I'm sure that'll make a big difference
definitely really pretty makes my teeth
look white I love it I think it's so
pretty okay so make it is done and my
hair I was going to blow-dry it and like
curler or something but it literally
just air dried really pretty so I think
I'm just gonna leave it and hope that it
like stays this pretty because I really
like it don't you love when that happens
and it just worked out you're just like
that went perfect Ashley be that target
was like you need anything I was like
yes please get some lashes and a razor
because I was completely out we got the
Ardell glamour multi pack 105 these are
like one of my go-to s love these and
then I haven't tried these ones yet but
these ones look amazing it'll one of six
glamour ones boom mic drop okay so we
are about to start filming we're gonna
film the intro for this week's video
it's gonna go up Sunday and yeah yeah
I'm great mood today guys at last name I
feel like I usually am in a good mood
but like Jays an extra good mood I just
feel so motivated and like like you know
like yeah Khloe come here little one
cut me off Danko's you licked me she
never looks me she's not much of a
licker good I like my makeup today I did
it different I used like a burnt orange
color on my lid
and I feel like it just it looks along
good then it was please anyways anyways
yes no I changed my shirt and we are in
our filming set I feel like I never
really where I feel very like
sophisticated right now I'm wearing this
crop top and it's from forever 21 I've
actually never worn it like the grey
with the blonde with this like burgundy
color and very like do you know what I
mean do you see do you see what I'm
trying to say even though it's so not me
I feel like I'm like just yeah anyway
that film
film hi little ones boom boom boom bam
bam bam bam bam boom boom you guys have
asked for it so you guys have asked for
it and we're about to show you some crab
to my channel because I do a lot of
videos like that and yeah let's just get
on some video so I was cleaning up my
desk and what's funny is it looks all
clean until you come here you see all
the random stuff like why is there a
baby bottle pop live question why is
there a baby bottle pop and there I know
something is going so good just makes me
really really excited just touch up my
makeup a little bit because it's been a
been a bit Asheville time is it
it's 3:10 getting stuff done really
excited my gosh you guys ever showed you
this put up one of the posters that I
got from Urban Outfitters forever ago
although I kind of this is the thing
I've seen this picture
both upside down and this way and I'm
not sure which is the technical way it's
supposed to go
but I've seen them both ways so if
anyone knows let me know I think it
might be upside down also I got the
wrong size for these um for these I got
the wrong size
yep the holder thing so that sucks but
that's okay I actually have one more
poster that I need to put up it looks
like this it's so cute it's hard to
strange it out but this is what it looks
like it's just like a pink like oh oh so
cute and that's so Q it's like a whole
bunch of like pink houses like Oh nor
even I hope I just need a poster maybe a
frame but if it's framed I can oh I kind
of like the like I kind of like the the
wood ones maybe there or maybe out in
the living room I think is so cute so
this week's video has something to do
with oh great I just got my hair what
what am I doing with my life
ice cream well not the whole video but
part of the video has something to do
with ice creams thumb
I'm debating like eating out of this
tonight while I watched like a sad movie
you know yeah yeah you know like I've no
no I'm not sad nothing you just like
watch like a sappy romantic movie and
easy I just came out of the cart to my
brother's looking Oh perfect timing
anytime it is currently 10 to 40 p.m.
and I wanted to end this vlog because I
think I'm going to start editing it and
the video that we filmed today so yeah I
love you guys so much thank you so much
for watching I will see you guys
tomorrow
with the new vlogs and yeah okay bye
