good morning guys and welcome to today
which is Tuesday September 27
I wanted a so yeah had a pretty
productive morning so far um but today
is an adventure because I need to figure
out what I'm wearing for beautycon New
York which is this weekend probably back
to New York on Friday honestly I have
quite a bit to do until then I have to
film a video I have to go shopping also
super exciting I actually have a hair
appointment at 3 o'clock and I'm so
excited to get rid of these boobs they
are not that well they don't look that
but like honestly I kind of like the
look of roots just when I put my hair up
like this like you can't even tell them
blonde you know I mean so excited for
that so just gonna get it touched up get
it a little less brassy cuz it's
starting to look a little brassy yeah so
goals for the day finding out for this
weekend's get my hair done and yes those
are the main ones also I started
cleaning my room a bit I know you
doesn't even look like it's clean but
you have to be so proud of me
so far I've already gotten two huge bags
full of clothes to give away and donate
and I'm so excited I'm kind of
struggling because I want to start
wearing jackets but it's not fall well
because it's fall you know it's not
really fall here yesterday my car said
107 why in the world is it 107 in fall
what the heck I mean granted I was
driving and stuff so my she's probably
like 90 something but even then why is
it 90 something and fall but I'm wanting
to wear jackets so I've just been doing
it I've been wearing jackets and when
I'm outside it's off but the second I go
inside a building it works
I feel like jackets add so much and they
make an outfit look way more of an
outfits do you know to me in a do you
see my problem
so speaking of outfit this is what I'm
wearing today is actually really similar
to what I wore yesterday so shut choker
is from Urban Outfitters I love it it's
like the double one it looks like that
jacket is from brandy melville just a
white t-shirt and then the same leggings
that I wore yesterday that are from
Topshop and then I'm wearing white
Adidas which aren't really white anymore
I actually should probably buy new ones
today because these are destroyed I
literally wore them every single day on
tour and they're just like they're
pretty pretty dang shot that's what
we're wearing for the day yo Mac Khloe's
actually still at my parents house
because they watched you from this
weekend
and I'm not sure when we're meeting up
with them to get her actually I should
have today because I had a dentist
appointment but that I had to cancel
that disappointment and I'm rambling so
much right now and you guys are like
what are you talking about but yes yeah
what am I even saying also I think I'm
gonna go to nectar juice bar because
it's right next to the mall I think I'm
gonna go get NASA Ebola that sounds
really really really good I'm gonna get
that for lunch and then I'll head over
to mom come along with me for my day
let's do it boom well guys it's Hat
jackets already off ha ha ha you guys I
literally just drove all the way to the
juice place to find out that I don't
have my wallet I mean luckily I didn't
find out when I was trying to pay I
think goodness oh my gosh no I just like
opened my purse and I was like oh my god
my wallets not here I was so sad if
you're all the way back home and I've
drive all the way back out here I'm so
sad so update I'm back home and I can't
find my wallet anywhere which sucks
really bad um the only thing I can think
of is I left it in Ashlee's a car last
night because her cat and I went to
dinner so here you think of but she's at
school right now she should be home
somewhat soon yeah it's not I don't know
what I'm gonna do shout to the
subscriber who gave me this cup I love
this so much it's literally the cutest
thing ever
I'm having um some coffee now um if you
guys saw my things I'm loving video that
I did on to her then you would recognize
his bed yeah this is so good it's cold
brew coffee with almond milk it's so so
good and somehow I know it's Derek J's
heavens a hot break away anyone else
loving that song because hashtag seeking
oh no oh no yeah I found it while Ashley
found it it was in her car I'm so
excited you guys don't you know I was
like oh we're all ok come on gonna head
to LA gonna get my hair done I'm so
excited
doesn't until I think I also might get
it cut a little bit more I don't know
like I just I feel like it's very lift
you know I mean maybe some more layers
or something
okay we're almost there and here's the
before it's just kind of like this is my
natural hair it's just very like they're
like no it's not that it's not great
it's just it's just there
okay so let's get our hair done and I
just got a juice hope your coffee that
I'm really excited about so imma try
this this place was seriously so cute
yeah I'm excited
hey guys here is my you hair oh my gosh
I love it so much I didn't realize how
much I love the like beachy wavy look I
just asked for more layers and I cut my
bangs quite a bit yes I'm obsessed I
love it obviously it's more blonde - so
excited like I just needed this so much
it feels so good toss my hair be done oh
my goodness I love it I love it I love
it I love it so after I get my hair done
I went to at Nasty Gal and I just spent
way too much money some really cute
stuff is like right down the street so
it's like okay I should go and then the
next thing I know my total is like wake
since if I was like hey yep can't buy
another thing for like the month
literally okay anyways I'm actually
gonna go get some veggie girl for dinner
bring it home cuz Ashley really wanted
it so Ashley I got you hopefully there's
not too much traffic the sunset is
gorgeous right now you have to see that
do you see this oh my gosh so gorgeous
I'm currently on Melrose Avenue and it's
just I'm having like one of those la
moments where you're like oh my gosh
this is gorgeous gorgeous yeah
