good morning what does up you guys good
morning and welcome back to the vlog
this morning I have some errands to do
so we're gonna go do that got the bag
Bart called it is definitely and I mean
definitely time for some coffee yes do
you ever just kind of like stare at your
nails and you're like wow I really like
my nails this time I get white all the
time but something about it is just
really nice my Nissan Henry I love you I
feel like all pictures like this it's
like some like Busey nice car that's
like for getting a hundred thousand
dollars but we rollin up in the Nissan
hi could I get a grande extra hot
vanilla latte alright what'd you think
yeah thank you
deciding sucks boo waiting for my coffee
like what I said well waiting for my
coffee like Oh guys it is so pretty out
today beautiful ooh question of the day
what is your favorite song right now
really loving Justin Timberlake's filthy
and I'm also really loving the Liam Pam
listening to right now for you by Liam
and Rita Ora so good so good
I just want some coffee yeah it's like
10:00 a.m. on a Monday morning why are
all these people not at work just want
the pep in my Starbucks oh love to the
pound you got 1740 today it's a new
another extra hot for you thank you hey
Siri take me the target
one option is target we got the goods no
it's just uh done Denton Denton need a
new loofah boom you met a sink is Ashley
sick getting a new iPhone case for my
phone
Mia gave me a really cute pop soggy and
I think it would look perfect on this so
we're getting that guys I finally
remembered to get a second controller
for the Nintendo switch so Mario Kart
tournaments can be way better data than
they've been loki desperately need new
sheets so I think I'm gonna get these
ones I was literally about to get the
white ones but then I was thinking wait
like the blush ones could be cute better
to come when my spray tan rubs off on is
that damn I probably what else do I need
priorities people cry orgies oh these
are so cute this one is real cute oh I
feel like Ashley would hate me if I come
home with more pillow oh my god this
candle smells so good why oh we're
getting you needed some new pens
oh the office decor we need to like redo
our office honestly - well it's mrs.
back-to-school coz same oh my god you
guys I am mind blown right now what the
do you see that dude do you see this do
you see this what Oh
oh my gosh what they literally have like
travel or notebook things what the heck
this is just like my agenda I mean it's
not like an actual Oh what I've never
seen these in my life and then I find
one I use it all the time and now I'm
finding them everywhere like Target has
these it is so cute obvious I'm not
gonna get excited I'm literally like
scream what I saw this like oh my book
is so crazy it's just like mine well if
you guys are wondering target houses
okay we are officially done we got the
good
update time it is currently at 12:30
1:00 p.m. hi bug my parents are visiting
so Toby's here my heart is so happy Toby
Toby
plug come on e and Nabu everyone all the
kids wanted to go over my agenda for the
week agenda for the week I don't know
guys
literally not kidding this thing has
changed my life I keep talking about it
and then I saw the ones at Target so I
wanted to do over it
I fully love the idea of the Y like
connecting to make the box for that day
I saw that on Pinterest so I thought it
was super cute but um but yeah that's
this week not fully done yet but I love
that you can change it up every single
week and do something different really
fun yeah this got cancelled only to
upload it today's vlog photo shoot what
like what forgetting some sushi big
surprise it's been a bit hey guys what
is up so I've been sitting here for
about an hour ish editing this vlog that
you're watching so I just wanted to end
it today thank you so much for watching
and then I'll see you guys probably
tomorrow with a new vlog but yeah thank
you so much for watching you know
