good one hey guys what's up so today is
Saturday and a Saturday happy Saturday
I'm in a great mood I see it's probably
tell ya like why not you know like I
feel like every day we have a choice do
we want this to be a great day if you
wanted to be a bad day and today it was
a good day I don't know
I got yesterday's vlog up just now like
that's done and now I'm gonna get ready
for the day so I was just really excited
about that I guess I don't know question
today comment below what you did today
like what was your Saturday did you go
anywhere did you just show at home let
me know I'm really curious you're about
to see my Saturday you'll have a little
bit of filming to do um and I've gotta
clean up because this place is a
Halloween party like no other that's oh
so we're gonna start getting ready like
usual
watch some YouTube videos um yeah but of
a bone um okay so today I'm kind of
wanting to change up my makeup from my
everyday stuff so what I'm gonna do is
go alright when you make it brushes I'm
like I'm in the mood to use a palette or
something that I haven't used in a
really long time or just have it use
really mmm you know what I really need I
am in desperate need of new foundation
so that's why I kind of wanna go to the
mall later though maybe was trying to
brow product high brow pencil wait globe
and so it's like illuminating um if you
will use a different brought up today
just to try it out this is a pretty epic
favorite this is a really gorgeous
palette I haven't used yet so I think
I'm going to use this one it's from NARS
and there's some really pretty guys
that's cool I don't know if you can see
but the sheet says highlight contour
bronze and then it has all the for blush
at the bottom I like it let's use it
what else do you see this this is
absolutely gorgeous this is a gorgeous
eyeshadow color
there you go there's a new blog that is
up Disney singing party princess Belle
edition yes y'all go watch it go watch
it go watch it watch it
yeah ha ha boom Ashley's an amazing
decorator penny was looking to hire yay
few more things left to do I say this
all the time but we should actually
throw an epic Halloween party because we
could do it yep also when you guys watch
this video when I'm wearing this outfit
and you get the new girl reference let
me know comment in the video and I will
try my hardest to reply to you because
new girls life
okay let's do it blog camera takeover
with Ashley this is by far the best
costume we have had to date I was
telling Alisha that as she should
totally wear that in public right if you
support me say it really though I dare
you to go outside right now really
really like really really really really
we come with me
I mean I'll blog it for for our friends
here but do you accept this challenge do
you doubt I'll do it bring it try to get
through the door
Oh God I'm so proud of you you did so
good khlo you too you too close I did it
whoo now we got this little setup going
on this looks like such an awesome party
and we're gonna do another round of some
dry ice ooh Wabo minute darling budget
banana what banana Oh bent banana no no
you missed my double chin razor
ah so you guys daddy's wrapped filming
this video I'm very excited very excited
we have a lot of cleaning up to do
because this place is a wreck pig missin
take all of this in and take a take a
listen know that yay ash hey guys
gonna be good don't be great don't be
good gonna be great what gonna be good
don't be great what don't be good great
then I'm gonna be great
gonna be good it's gonna be good good oh
great
don't hate the great yo give me some
faith yeah of my date yeah I'm gonna say
it straight oh hey guys so I just
finished editing this vlog and also
tomorrow's video is ready to go up so
after you watch this vlog there will be
a new video up probably by noon most
likely my main channel there's a huge
giveaway in it so get so excited so yeah
I hope that you guys like this video and
I will see you super soon with a new
vlog and yeah I love you guys hey ma
watch my new video
