wait for it oh hi guys can you hear me
do you see me hi how are you oh my gosh
yay
hey got your head school right now what
are you doing at school well not what
you're doing at school what are you
doing watching this live stream when
you're at school Hey hi wait sorry sorry
sorry hi
oh my gosh hey guys what is up I'm gonna
like chill for a couple seconds make
sure people can come watch this drinking
like coffee I guess I am you guys know
me so well um yeah I just wanted to do I
don't know um I'm like what am i doing
right now okay
trying to get situated um so hi hi okay
so I'm currently getting ready and I
figured I would just do a live stream
getting ready cuz I've been vlogging you
guys know I always vlog when I'm getting
ready and stuff but I feel like lately
it's been really repetitive but I know
you guys like seeing this stuff so I was
like well why don't I just start getting
ready and then I could do a live stream
and you guys can watch me get ready yeah
this is so fun oh my gosh okay so I just
need to find a place to put you this is
gonna be probably the hardest part of
this yes but it's cool we got this I
just only guys falling you know you know
boom is that good oh my god yeah yeah
sorry do not mind the fact that my room
is so unbelievably messy right now does
this help kind of I thought on it I'm
actually gonna use this studio right now
okay does that help it off sorry I'm
like trying this let's try to help get
this lighting better I don't know if
okay that's as good as it's gonna get
sorry guys umm maybe not maybe not you
know what I'm gonna move you I'm gonna
move you we got this we got this we got
this we got this right yeah I'm gonna
move you Hey
right here and then this should work out
perfectly
what there we go hey guys oh okay so
yeah I'm just getting ready right now
and I figured let's get ready together I
currently have this whole little setup
going on you guys know I love getting
ready at my desk just because it's just
like homey and like I don't even know
what I'm saying right now there's so
much better lighting so I always just
usually sit here and watch YouTube
videos I always sit here get all my
makeup out lay it all out like crazy
watch YouTube videos and then I usually
vlog but this is what yeah is it weird
seeing me live right now
I bet thank you my room is goals my room
is so messy right now you guys like so
messy
unbelievably messy that's maybe the
worst part like this corner I have like
studio lights everywhere it's kind of
bad it's really bad I need to clean it
maybe tonight I just have so much
laundry actually what I need to do is go
through my closet and just get out so
many clothes that I don't work because I
have so many yeah yeah um anyways I'm
gonna keep getting ready while we talk
so ask me any questions do whatever you
guys want to do let's just chill I don't
know and if you guys like this let me
know like tweet me comment below if you
think I should do more stuff like this
um I'm honestly I'm really liking it I'm
liking live streaming I think it's like
it's easy cuz it's it's like a vlog but
it's more real I feel like because
there's no edit
you guys get to see all of my rambling
which honestly I don't think is that
cool but yeah I need to work on my
rambling it's really bad so when you
guys like you guys would actually die if
you saw my vlogs rough cut well actually
this is kind of what my vlogs look like
rough cut but I always cut them down so
much like they're normally like 30
minutes long and then by the time I get
it down I get it down to like a six
minute video it's crazy crazy how that
works okay so I'm currently using this
Tarte palette I just walked about it I
loved it so much I don't know what it's
called the double duty Beauty oh no
young my young wild and free palette by
tarte amazing I love it I love it I love
it so I'm just gonna put a brown color
in my crease yay these comments are
going so fast I'm trying to read them um
but I can't read them hold on favorite
makeup brand ooh that's kind of hard um
I love I loved Hart I also love benefit
I love mac - I don't know it's hard I
was like uh Maybelline a lot hi oh my
gosh this is Chloe she's actually at my
parents house because when we were gone
for the weekend if you didn't know
Ashley and I went to New York we met up
with Niki and Jerry for the global
citizens festival and you guys it was so
much fun I just put up that vlog so you
can see a little bit what the concert
was like like what our weekend was like
it was so much fun and honestly they are
doing like so many awesome stuff like
the whole concert is based off um just
awareness for like equality and any and
all shapes of anything you could think
of um so they're doing some really
awesome stuff and they're actually like
I don't know like oh they're just doing
awesome stuff so it was so much fun um
huge shout out to them for having us and
it was just it was so awesome I had so
much fun um let me multitask right now
but yeah it was awesome um so I if you
can try to find like clips or anything
online I'm definitely would um Hugh
Jackman was there Chelsea Handler with
are they like
opened and I totally like kind of
fangirl there because I like loved
Wolverine um what else
um demi lovato perform she was amazing
Nikki loves her she was fangirling so
hard is awesome um what else missing um
oh really
Breanna ended it and she was amazing
like actually so amazing I had so much I
think that was my favorite part of it
honestly it was so much fun it was so
much fun um but yeah so I put up that
vlog it's on this channel magnet blog
channel so definitely just watch like go
watch that I just uploaded it if you
already have you are amazing haha I love
you blog miss yes I'm going to be doing
vlogmas this year I'm actually really
excited for it I not gonna brag but I
kind of killed it last year I actually
uploaded every single day if you don't
vlog missus it's this thing that started
on YouTube I want to say Ingrid started
it but I'm not sure but I'm pretty sure
she did um but basically you vlog from
December 1st to December 25th every
single day and last year I was able to
vlog every single day like I just made
it happen I don't know how I did but
I've loved I completed the vlogmas and
it was amazing those were like some of
my favorite vlogs so I'm so excited um
what time is it here it is currently
10:25 a.m. and I have to leave in half
an hour so I need to hurry up under
rudder cuz cuz yeah where's Ashley she's
in the kitchen right now hi ash favorite
brushes um I have a lot of Mac brushes
also a lot of Sigma brushes this is our
Ray Morris brush um I kind of just use
like whatever I have but honestly makeup
brushes like make the biggest difference
big difference of life okay
blend that up oh my gosh I've already
been out here eight minutes it's crazy
goes by so quick okay
hi hi hi hi hi favorite TV show Big Bang
Theory hands down I literally just
watched like the whole season 9
yesterday on the flight back home not
even kidding
I watched the whole freakin season
Ashley was watching it right next to me
too but I was a little bit ahead of her
so it was so funny because every time
like I would like gasp for laughs like
three minutes later she would do the
same thing it was so funny favorite
music um it's kind of hard I love a lot
of different types of music I feel like
I don't have like one all-time band that
I love but right now I'm really loving
I'm John Bell Ian and churches and um
yeah you can't hear me oh my gosh I'm
sorry
favorite brand of clothes
I love Urban Outfitters just been
shopping at Topshop yesterday on and I
bought some stuff there which I'm
excited for probably gonna wear some of
that stuff today um yeah what am I
missing
um okay there are highlights and they're
missing did you find it I think it's
this one yep do I miss my brown hair
honestly I kind of do like I don't know
but I really do like my hair blow I need
to get it redone like my roots are so
bad so please don't win that I was
hoping to get him done this week before
beautycon New York which is by the way
I'm gonna be in New York this weekend
for beautycon New York and so I'm
excited for that
but I don't know if I'll be able have to
have time to go in and get my hair done
this week certainly it takes a while to
like get an appointment and stuff um I'm
not really feeling like doing eyeliner
today you're going to bed goodnight
alright um but yeah I do miss my brown
hair a little bit in Brooklyn when we
were on tour Nikki had her hair
extensions so I tried one of the clip-on
ones like on top of my head and it
looked like I had dark hair and I was
freaking out so I was like whoa i
snapchatted it and everyone even me a
text me and was like I actually thought
it was real bye
the preview that's funny but yeah do you
guys like me with brown hair better or
with blonde hair better lemon is it
morning here um yeah it's after it's
like 10:30 to to do to blond hair blond
alley Shawn hahahaha we rhymed
okay
okay Linda out goodnight all thank you
am i blogging today yes I am blogging
today you guys wanna say hi okay there
we go there we go say hi say hi say hi
say hi hi guys oh it's catching up what
happened
is it still frozen Oh No ah wait wait
for it well just gonna wait like three
seconds it's good now okay ready 1 2 3
say hi say hi say hi say hi yay we are
live streaming whoa this is exciting
oh my god okay yeah guys so I'm just
gonna do my mascara Bowl quick and then
I'm probably gonna have to go because I
got a change but let's see um currently
using the roller lash mascara from
benefit and I really like this mascara
two two two two
hi okay weird where are all you is from
right now like what time is it where you
are or like what city are you in I'm
really curious or what country are you
in because that's the thing you know
Canada Germany Sweden Palm Springs oh my
gosh I love Palm Springs that's like one
of my favorite places in the world um
let's see
Denmark Ashley is older she is three
years older than me
I'm the younger sister huh Romania
Ireland Peru okay so there's a lot of
people in different countries probably
cuz everyone's in school right now at
least where I am I felt bad I always get
comments no matter what like no matter
what time I livestream I always get
comments of people being like no like I
was asleep or oh I missed it and I
always tried to like do the best time
but then I realized like no matter what
there's gonna be someone in the world
you know Croatia oh my gosh London
France ah yeah guys will seriously hon
we're gonna do one more hi to the vlog
now that it's working better ready say
hi to the vlog oh hi hopefully this vlog
will be up tomorrow if not it'll
definitely be up the next day yay hi
yeah do you guys like Hey yay um okay so
makeup is done and I'm going to go
finish getting ready my hair needs to be
done and I need to figure out what I'm
wearing today cuz PJs probably won't cut
it you know anyways um yeah hey guys
okay so I'm gonna go thank you so much
for watching and I will see you guys
really soon again let me know if you
want more live streams like this
um and tweet me comment whatever you
want to do also there is a new main
channel video going up today oh my gosh
I'll give you guys a hint because you're
here it is
iPhone 7 life hacks and what's on my
iPhone so that'll be up hopefully in the
next couple of hours and stuff but yeah
get excited I will see you guys then I
hope that you liked this livestream and
I will see you guys later
hey ma
