good morning guys
what is that okay so today is Thursday
Thursday October 13th I want to say so
October 13th so today is Thursday
October 13th and I have had such a
productive Buddha
I can talk I've had such a productive
morning you don't even know I've cleaned
it so much that makes me really happy
my hair is absolutely crazy so don't
mind that yeah this is a hot mess
like no other but that's okay I'm just
reaching my wake up and start getting
ready for my day
so yeah let's do it doo doo doo doo wake
up on the desk like usual got the
glamour caddy got makeup brushes got my
mirror got my coffee and we're gonna
watch some YouTube videos like normal so
we're going it off set up like one gotta
get all situated and now we get to watch
some YouTube videos and Remi uploaded
yes Oh mom baked
you like can't listen that and jaren
thought that light scale situated do my
makeup this is good now that we found
out about this new level twenty minutes
later
okay so makeup is mostly done yeah I
actually decided not wear any eyeshadow
I don't know if you can even tell but I
was just like I don't know I'm just like
not feeling it also because I'm like I'm
still cleaning all day and I'm like I'm
not really doing much so I just didn't
really feel like wearing a whole bunch
of eyeshadow but I'm gonna try out the
new Smashbox well I can't talk today but
anyway I was wanting to try out the new
Smashbox lipstick I actually swatch this
the other day but I put it on top of
another color so it's my first time like
actually wearing it for the day so I'm
really excited this is the be legendary
lipstick and the color mob I think it's
really pretty really just gorgeous okay
okay here you go
either so like creamy and saw oh my gosh
you guys this looks so gorgeous I can't
I feel like liquid lipsticks have become
such a thing that everyone kind of
forgot about regular lipstick oh it's so
pretty I can't I used to make Masson and
I was just watching a Sierra's vlogs her
and Alex and I love vlog vlog be like my
favorite videos to watch honestly like I
love logs so much also I uploaded a new
video yesterday so you guys should
definitely most definitely go watch it
it's Halloween through the years it was
really fun it's a video I've never done
before so I don't know I'm excited to
kind of like maybe make it a series if
you guys want it to be like that I think
that could be really cool and do like
Christmas through the years and holidays
and just like whatever you know to me
I'm all about coming up with new ideas
yeah speaking of I just really didn't
snapchat literally snap chatting and now
if you guys do this snapchat you're
gonna be like I literally saw her take
that snapshot that's funny
also if you don't follow me on snapchat
leader Lululemon is in the description
just saying my arm is dying or I'm
putting you on my coffee oh my gosh some
emojis some emojis no cheese and then
new maid
yeah hello just posted it okay yay so I
think I'm gonna continue cleaning up I
also took some pictures that I want to
edit so maybe I'll do that right now
yeah I'm just gonna I think we're still
like working for a little bit yeah I
feel like I need a hat oh my gosh also
currently have vanilla snowflake burning
in my room right now and this from Bath
and Body Works it smells good
oh you guys you guys have to see my
closet I cleaned it out so much I don't
even know if you're gonna be able to
notice maybe you'll remember from the
other day I showed like a blog footage
in my closet it was so bad think it out
so much okay do you see this you can see
the floor I have more shoes there it's
like open I'm like so excited about this
I reorganized my shoes I got rid of so
many clothes you guys even though it
probably doesn't look like it but I did
I saw we're so excited it's clean
what also I kind of had an online
shopping problem lately see but I do
this thing where I get rid of a whole
bunch of clothes so I feel like it's an
excuse to buy more clothes it's a really
bad thing but I do that like I mean I
admit it I admit it but I order to me a
clothes so that's what all of this is I
think I have one more box coming
tomorrow so if you guys want a huge haul
let me know and tomorrow I'll definitely
do like a huge huge haul that we're
gonna work can I added some photos no
actually just kidding I'm gonna put back
all this
yay all done editing so now I decided so
Ashley has class and actually I think
right now she's big to the hair
equipment out like 145 I want to say so
I really don't have too much to do
I already clean like so much being I'm
gonna catch up on how to get away with
murder
it might make some popcorn - just
kidding totally pants and boom chicka
pop I think it might be a little stale
though let's try it it's good definitely
headed that direction okay hey guys a
long time since I've just had like a
chill day literally it's been forever is
the current setup that we got going on
got some popcorn have some coconut water
this is so freaking good I drink so many
on Tork I'm a blanket pillows we got
claw oh my gosh stop being so cute
parents set up and I'm absolutely loving
this oh my gosh question of the day
comment below your favorite TV show or
what shows have you been loving right
now
really sad for doing the version star
next week and yeah here we go so you can
be on this is your house we find slow
she's creepy that's the deal update time
we are currently going to the mall get
some shopping done I should sign her
hair she gotta tend to look so good my
seller dude I wanted plot twist we ended
up coming to be Halloween stores and
they realize that's what we needed more
than the mall so we just found a
rock-paper-scissors costume and I have
to say the DIY one we made it was so
much better guys we're getting so much
stuff it's not even funny
getting some gloves anyone guess what it
is what do we need whatever you need
what do we need
Gwaine yes like queen so leg I guess
what we're about to do it's been months
since I last one you're in Portland when
it happened we were in Portland the last
time you and I had a target adventure
together I haven't been here oh my gosh
it's my first time back at my target
since I've been home it makes me so
excited so excited oh my gosh actually
real excited for this video now I was
stressed earlier but now we're good mom
like a 360 yeah like I want any mm a lot
a sounds good really you're nodded and
this isn't good ash these are cuties are
sometimes perfect looks like a but wait
these are pretty
I like being these are so pretty target
is stepping up their game I love it
locally grown oh this is amazing this is
amazing
this is so pretty I need oh gosh no but
I was thinking how I need new pillows
for my bed I don't have any it's time
you know it'll be time to uh a little
cheerleader so that's too little I was
like a chihuahua
she won't fit that 6s no one's gonna be
able to guess what no this is like they
maybe thought they knew what this was
another like what is this road viewing
here calm day we need some kick cuts
hey guys I was just editing this vlog I
wanted to end it for you guys
that way I can get ready to upload for
tomorrow morning but yet I love you guys
so so much and I'll see you tomorrow
buddy vlog I love you baby
