oh my hair be crazy good morning guys
how are you today is Monday and we are
all back from New York from this weekend
it was so much fun I uploaded it that
vlog today not too long ago so go watch
that if you haven't yet so yeah how
about super exciting good morning Ashley
good morning guys hi hi how are you got
some coffee
copies of like yeah I was thinking I'm
gonna start getting ready because I have
a meeting later today at 12 ish noonish
12 ish nudish would my talking about I
have that but I was thinking that I
might do a live stream while I'm doing
my makeup because normally I just like
vlog but I thought a live stream could
be cool while I get ready and so I don't
know I don't know we're trying out I did
a live stream the other day over the
weekend and I really liked it I know
there were some glitches but I'm pretty
sure like they're fixed now I basically
looks like I uploaded a video in your
sub box but it's a live stream and stuff
so I don't know like let me know if you
guys like them I'm gonna do another one
today and then if you guys want more
I'll definitely do more if you go to my
videos on my vlog channel you guys can
even watch them back which is really
cool stuff oh let's do that let's start
getting ready battery is flashing
oh this lighting is so much better I
should just start over here coffee is
just like a gift a beautiful gift okay
okay so we're getting ready and I
figured I would start my livestream now
because why not
let's do it let's do it let's do it I
was watching some YouTube videos doing
my makeup I got my Glaber County back
out I'm so excited it's been a long time
since I've used this I love this thing
so much it's just like so easy to do
your makeup I need to get a new bag
because my old one broke but yeah I just
I love this love this love this um yeah
hi Amy what uh-oh hey me so yeah this is
the setup we got going on right now
y'all also I have been obsessed with
this palette I don't know what it's
called but throw kindness around like
confetti it's like Tarte palette did a
little one I've had this for a while but
I just haven't used it it is literally
the most perfect I shot it like it's the
perfect amount of eyeshadows so I love
this I've been using it so much lately
okay you guys going to see a behind
the scenes of vlog right now my hair so
bad
okay update I'm so currently getting
ready as you can see to get two types of
mascara love to do but uh yeah also I'm
currently live streaming right now you
guys okay I say hi to the vlog ah hi
hopefully this vlog will be up tomorrow
if not it'll definitely be up the next
day yay hi
okay so makeup is done and I'm going to
go finish getting ready my hair needs to
be done and I need to figure out what
I'm wearing today because PJ's probably
won't cut it you know yeah thank you to
everyone who came to my livestream if
you missed it don't worry it's on my
channel actually you just have to go to
my videos under this channel like go to
videos and you will see it you can watch
it yeah that was really fun and I
finished getting ready and I was like
multitasking like the weather they go
shopping yesterday and I want to show
you the few things that I got so
impromptu mini haul let's do it
the first I went to Topshop and I got
four things the first thing is this
velvet jacket I love this I love it so
much like honestly it's really soft and
it's really just like cute little bomber
jacket I'm like I wouldn't go for stuff
like this but I love the like the flower
detailing and stuff and I like I don't
know I really liked it so I got that got
some leggings and I love these because I
don't know if you can tell but it's like
mesh right here so it'll show your skin
through but just a little bit like
there's only like those two lines and
yeah I've like I have leggings but I
don't really have like cute trendy
leggings if that makes sense
then this skirt you can tell there's
like a theme going on here black with
like embroidery like you see it has this
really really pretty flower detailing on
it I love it I think I might wear this
today honestly I love this so much
and then lastly from Topshop I got this
choker and it's literally just a black
simple suede choker but I don't actually
have any like this I have a million
chokers and I wear a choker literally
every single day so I was excited just
to get like a plain one but yeah it's
everything from Topshop and then the
last thing that I got is from Free
People it's this really pretty oversized
flannel that looks like this and I was
really picturing it like open I don't
know I'm mmm what am I saying you may
even wear this today I feel
that could be really pretty everything
that I got yeah that was my shopping in
New York that's what I got don't mind
the fact that I'm literally holding an
apple and paper towels and all that
stuff but here's my outfit I figured you
guys would want to Thea ended up wearing
the new leggings that I got from Tom's
shop and I just picked the cord app put
my hair in a ponytail because it's
disgusting wearing the new choker
jackets on Topshop sure it is Ashley's
leggings are Topshop shoes are from
Steve Madden boo okay let's go
update times so um today I've been
driving for hours like literally and
then I had rush hour I got in rush-hour
traffic coming home so I was driving for
maybe even like two hours cuz it was a
lot so meeting was good clearly you
could tell I'm gonna go to the gym it's
been such a long time since I've worked
out I think the last time I worked out
was what city was that we were in oh
we're in Idaho I worked out like twice
over to her that was it
so gonna go to gym and she justifies me
I haven't seen in months
we were saying how people have been like
are you still friends with kick cache
and yes we still friend readeth ever see
each other
I know no guys if you like watch my blog
we got KitKat in the Hawaii long time
misty we're gonna go to the gym we're
gonna get hat hair so I just ended a
minute I'm here I just ended this vlog
and I wanted to end it so thank you so
so so so much for watching and I will
see you guys really soon with a new vlog
I love you so much and yeah I love you
hey I said I love you like four times
four who cares okay I love you bye look
