good morning guys how are you
so today is Friday I can't even tell you
what day it is but it's currently really
early I think it's like 5:15 right now
in the morning and I'm getting ready to
leave for the airport my backpack have
my suitcase I'm just going to grab a few
more things and then I think we are
ready to go if you didn't know if you
didn't see yesterday's vlog actually I
are going to New York for the weekend
we're going for a festival which I'm
really excited for and to make it even
better and Nikki and Jerry are gonna be
there so yeah we have the whole weekend
together it's gonna be awesome I'm like
really excited even though I was
literally just in New York a few days
ago I'm basically gonna be living in New
York the next three weeks two weeks see
a lot of me there but yeah anyways let's
let's do this here's my airplane OTD we
have a hats urban choker from urban
jacket from Topshop shirt is from
forever 21 leggings are from Marshalls
and then white medidas yeah yeah
you're getting ice bored and I'm suing
for Ashley because she went to go get
gummy where so don't know where she is
they're getting a nice border now I'm
playing and fun but we ended up getting
first relax which is amazing
about that are you excited what tenet
for this week and how do you feel about
getting first class
I feel like I don't belong there girl
I'm gay
literally 1 1
what you make
sorry
do you sleep good
me
got our luggage
where do y'all both find these wheels
currently on our way to the hotel
I'm excited to see Nikki and Jerry we're
gonna get sushi I guess we are
that's what we do Leah sushi all the
time edition they haven't really seen
you much oh we're going on home right
yes proud of you so proud of you
very good yeah
good morning everyone um how are you
doing I decided to combine these vlogs
because once we got here honestly like I
don't even know what happened I just
totally forgot to vlog that's combined
but we woke up and we are in New York
market early uh what is this the Bowery
Hotel never been here before it's really
cool I want to give you guys a hotel
room tour literally guys okay so Nikki
and Gerry are here and Ashley and me at
meet what what let's brighten this since
Nikki and Jerry are here too instead of
getting two separate rooms we're like yo
guys let's just get a suite because
it'll cost the exact same amount of
money as getting a suite versus two
separate rooms you know what I mean you
don't mean this place is beautiful
Nikki can I come blog in there so you
walk in this is the front door and
normally these can be two separate rooms
but you closed this one door and then
now it's like I'll combine so in here is
Nikki's room
oh hi Nikki how are you I just uploaded
a vlog I'm about to upload a vlog yay so
you have one room in here lovely hallway
and then we have the living room just
huge awesome freakin sweet there's some
snack TV living room here's the bathroom
the shower is crazy it's amazing and
then there's this huge tub in the middle
which is awesome and then it opens up to
the bedroom over there did you do here's
a ratchet me hey it's so cute I love it
isn't Ashley hi Ashley hi guys good
morning ready
here is our view what this isn't even
the best part ready okay over here's the
other bedroom do to do and then the best
part is we have our own freakin patio we
didn't even realize this and then what
Ashton I figured it out we like scream
I'm not even kidding our own private
deck like what is this it's just so
crazy you have to see the view it's
beautiful what casual so freakin casual
oh my god so pretty
look at the
oh my gosh I can't there's the Empire
State Building really like what is this
I like so better now don't don't so -
yeah this is awesome
definitely gonna hang out here a little
more had some coffee out here earlier
and yeah right now I'm actually going to
do the thumbnail for yesterday's vlog
because I want to get that up or it's
two days ago hello coffee coffee just
makes me so happy
ready oh good yeah new blog is up but
definitely go watch it and I found out
that my iPhone was broken and I had to
go take it back into the store I was
really upset really sad so definitely go
watch it have my coffee watching some
vlogs so I'm gonna read a lot of your
comments right now and I should probably
get ready because I gotta get ready soon
okay guys so we are getting up to the
next well I'm really really excited it's
in Central Park and my toes are not so
so pretty you're so pretty and the
weather is perfect today
ometimes drink non-sliding though like
you
and part of the solution not the problem
hey guys so I just wanted to end this
vlog I honestly don't even remember the
last thing that I got but the festival
was so much fun if you haven't added me
on snapchat already definitely do that
because there were so many snaps from
that good morning guys and welcome to
Sunday currently about to leave our
hotel room and luckily we don't have our
flight until 6 p.m. tonight so Astra
never going to explore the city and Jer
you don't have to like tell like noonish
so we're gonna go shopping probably get
some food so excited
good I think I made her up early I'm
such a short friend a naughty blonde I'm
wearing booties do we blog it looks so
funny just look awkward together I feel
like I know we're like best friends but
like hahahahaha you're my like mama I
got your kid goodbye to this beautiful
view goodbye I'm gonna miss you so much
today okay I'm gonna miss her a little
Terrace yay
getting some food whereas he butcher his
daughter
juice bar and cafe New York like how
cute this is it's so cute spotted a Niki
and Jerry in there somewhere
you can't see it all because it's so
bright but I got some tacos they look
fun in that snapchat tho yo bringing eat
yay currently in Topshop shopping I got
some stuff full I'm gonna get some stuff
that happens to be all black which is
very shocking for Alicia
we're shopping we're shopping
we are back in just like three people
and we got something
Nick and Jerry have to leave right now I
have no shame vlogging in the middle of
a crowd of people but Mike hi girls
hi Nikki on Friday okay I feel like I'm
so cool because like a couple they're
all sad about it yeah which is literally
so much fun why I like I did nice so we
just went to Cafe Henry which is one my
hair at your face in New York City soon
we got some coffee and now we're gonna
go get lunch waiting heart uber driver
we've got food breakfast like vegan
place and this is a quinoa taco salad
which looks amazing
Ashley got a salad excited so excited
