hi guys is it working
can you hear me it's not working
no hi yes it's not working it looks like
it's working for me how is it not
working is it like yeah it is hi wait
some people saying it's not working and
some people are saying it is working is
it just slowed or laggy or hi hi yay
okay it's working oh my gosh yeah makes
me so happy don't even know oh my gosh
okay these comments are going so fast
it's unbeliev
I can do that hey guys okay so um doing
a live stream it's working I'm so
excited
um we're currently in New York City did
any of you guys see the vlog that I
uploaded today what time is it you're
ash what time is it here Oh thirty five
oh my gosh yeah so we're just chillin we
were on the global citizen festival
earlier and we totally sought to meet
Labonte perform okay yeah so what we
were there and then we just I don't know
like we're just chilling now so we
figured we'd like livestream and stuff
yeah did you like it - you like who was
you've had so much fun so far Demi yeah
Demi uh really good boys like I was you
she had a good good but then it's so
obvious when you see them live like how
much talented they are you know yeah she
killed it killed Hilda oh my gosh I love
this live stream this is so much fun
outfit of the day okay so Joker's from
Urban Outfitters
um flannel is from Abercrombie and Fitch
jacket is from Topshop jeans are from
Topshop and then shoes are from
Nordstrom Ashley out for the day oh yes
I will
choker and urban shoot flannel urban
this is three people three people it's
mine it's my Topshop and those are my
two nature
yay sorry it took a while to get this
going we've been having the worst
service problems ever ever Nikki Nikki
is live streaming somewhere oh I see
Nikki Nikki's a cherry they're gonna
they're coming right now
hi yeah yeah I'll put on points three
not gonna lie I tried a little extra
hard although I didn't really try my
hair I woke up and it just kinda looks
decent I was like yes
also do my makeup like volume bar young
ba-ba-ba-boom
yeah Nikki was having trouble
live-streaming she was trying you're
both trying yeah I asked me questions
let's make this like a QA hi Terry say
pineapples the chat is going so fast I
wish you guys could see it's like
boo-boo-boo so I'm always like wait what
you're saying what would you say girl
come to Greece actually really want to
go to Greece it's answer II need us
Santorini Greece come little ash can you
book me in a second let me open your
lens oh it's like yum yum got choo-choo
hi Kayla how's my phone it's all fixed
it's all good I'm glad that means that
you watch the vlog repeated lives if you
didn't watch my new vlog I got the new
iPhone 7 and I tried setting it up and
it was broken go watch my blog it's
working come join it's working
umm I joined the hot spot and then I
started working oh my god I tried twice
and it wasn't right now my channel the
comments are going I'm money my pocket
Oh Jimmy who's this oh no this one is oh
wait you saw the hummus yeah I need some
time on my phone right now I'm not on a
camera so that's why if you're wondering
my arm is already hurting oh right it's
my extra bits like I really like it
I learned so many people here hello
world don't do this more guys should we
do this more on our vlog channels I'm
dead let's do it where we can ecclesia
medically chef Nick Alicia sorry I
shouldn't shake the camera I have a
probably I've a headache now hi Jaime
guy from Green at the global citizens
festival and we just saw that Malvado
perform I think if you haven't added me
on snapchat yet go do it because I got
Nicki fangirl you bought it yeah I
totally did not see that I posted it
yeah
my phone I just turn my volume down come
to Portugal that would be amazing
hi Nick Alicia hey Nick Lisa I'm trying
to read these comments and they're going
favorite part of the um NYC so far um I
mean we just got in yesterday I said
English well last night was fun we
walked back from the Rasch stroke that
was I know we like what we just walked
in heaven shoot my walk yeah I was only
like two miles but it was like that was
a Hanukkah it was super fun uh taste and
fun oh and then our hotel has this like
Terrace thing I'm gonna show you guys I
blogged it today YC it's about we should
tonight we should just like hang out and
like it's gonna have a whole how do
terrorist or assault or we should live
stream later I line in the background
because we could live stream later and
show them that'd be fun should we do
that let us know I'm Jerry someone said
hi but it went so fast I couldn't to the
name so someone says hi or how did the
clean song happen oh okay how the clean
song happened mm-hmm we were on tour we
and we were a long time ago didn't
shower we went a streak with no showers
cuz none of the venue's had showers no
we showered
why didn't I and we felt so dirty I
think it was just there was something
where we didn't we felt during I think
we just it was just like no we didn't
get shower rooms we were just doing the
venues with the brochure we got the
first time showering in a minute the
first time showering in a clean that it
was a clean clean honey which ended
there and we were so happy we felt clean
that Alisha started going unclean what I
just get in randomly funny mood happen
I'm eating hummus yeah so it's Nicky and
Jerry and then Ashley 9 it's all four of
us and then we have this huge suite
which is awesome um and yeah
Nikki's eating come in when you guys are
done watching this live stream I'm gonna
start mine so join mine as like a part
too wait I was going to say I'm playing
lab my arm is actually kind of getting
tired but I'm in for the long haul you
know we can also like flip around and
set it somewhere so I'm not like a
tripod Hey that's why we should run
what is my ball going up I just uploaded
a vlog a couple hours ago and then my
next one will probably be a p.m.
tomorrow for sure
yeah hi dears I'll see where we are
right now you're in my heart
hello it's seriously so pretty I'm gonna
try to move actually you're waiting for
huh I know it's kinda it's coming and
see it like it's coming Lily yeah Nikki
you should go live next this is fun
so you feel like you're watching
snapchat or something right don't you
love you don't you love how like it's
like a video but it's not like I feel
like there's no editing to this you guys
need to see the full rambling s of
myself that I don't know cutting now
there's no I can't be like oh sorry I
messed up let me cut that nope it's just
like this is me I know wait so they can
see the chat - oh my gosh it's going so
fast right I'm like it
yeah Idol um New York City thinking ah
me exit hockey yeah yeah so the
festival's been awesome who else is
playing later I'm so many Ellie Goulding
Ellie Goulding country kendrick lamar
rihanna there's so many people uh sure
was playing right now is he so i think
well i don't hear him if you have a
longer set i'm sure it gets my manager I
don't think those onto it so yeah I mean
we had a little short but I was so good
like in Rihanna's last yeah yeah Rihanna
closes it so we're so excited I'm gonna
try to livestream again later if there's
good service out there um but if not I'm
sorry but I am blogging today so you'll
see a little bit in the blog tomorrow um
and snapchat add me on snapchat so you
guys can see that it paused only
pictures before the Sun goes Oh some
people are saying it's not working no
audio no no I know everyone's typing so
fast I can't even read any of this
someone likes your something I couldn't
read it well thank you yay yeah yeah
yeah yay MERP um Gaby's not here she
what should have been she oh she had
something Gabby's not as into festivals
and lay on raves like concerts like I am
and Alicia and I literally love like
concerts and music Gabby's likes music
but like not festivals I feel like we
like chaotic stuff I guess so yeah you
know what I mean like I love being in a
crowd of people I'm like jamming out to
music by the gabbie doesn't really like
that so Gabby just
she stayed home hahaha yeah this is
where the difference is leading outfit
of the day ashlynn I did one earlier
uh-huh
are you eat your syllabi or do it bite
inside okay
PS Nicky's hair is up is this amazing do
you guys like for me wearing my hair up
you're gonna love your hair up and your
bangs
it looks Alicia and people on tour told
me to constantly wear my hair up and I
didn't understand because I always wear
it down but I'm starting to wear it up
but if you like it ages me know it looks
good it looks like care for you anyways
yeah that I'm oh we're standing up I'm
wearing Ashley's jacket from brandy
melville wearing Alicia's choke from
Urban Outfitters my my top to Topshop my
shorts are I should return them
they're from tour and I'm wearing
fishnets and tips well someone's going
onstage oh I can hit with near the base
boom yeah well I think I'm gonna end
this now I'm cuz Nikki said she wanted
to live stream yeah and then we're gonna
go back to the concert so I don't know
if you guys like this tweet oh wait
tweet screenshots of this on Twitter and
let me know if you guys want more of
these because I'm loving this I think
this is so fun and I don't know this is
awesome
I love how it's like in the YouTube app
you know like that's really cool yeah
okay come to my channel niki de mar and
i cry i who to continue to then are and
you maybe will sing the clean song maybe
so come over to my channel i'm gonna get
this to work now okay yeah bye guys and
dry
