good morning guys how are you so today
is Thursday it is September what is it
20 seconds so I've been up for a little
bit and I was editing vlog currently
uploading that so it should be up to
pursue to start today's vlog um today's
gonna be a good vlog because I have
filming to do I have a lot to do I don't
mean to do I have a meeting and then I
have to pack because I actually leave
for New York tomorrow what I know I've
been doing so much traveling but Nikki
and I are actually going to a festival
and to make it even better I get to
bring Ashley and she's bringing Jeri so
it's gonna be s4 for the weekend so I'm
really excited for that get excited I
know like I just got home and I'm going
back to New York then I actually go back
to New York again next weekend for
beautycon New York so I'm really excited
for that I'm so much traveling it's
crazy but yeah right now I was actually
just about to switch over my phone to
the iPhone 7 so yeah I wanted to film
that for you guys switch it over the
blog that I just uploaded with me
unboxing it so actually think that's
ready to go up right now yep it is ready
here we go here we go here we go there
it is we're gonna put it public yes I
understand
yes and then watch ah I thought
seven-plus unboxing rose gold I'm pretty
excited not gonna lie so excited that
I've been on my blog game like I
honestly I love it but I'm cut off my
main channel game but I'm filming for
that today and I still know what's on my
iPhone because it's like new phone and
everything so that should be good and
I'll probably be up this weekend maybe
like Sunday Saturday or Sunday maybe the
credit we don't know yeah it's been a
couple weeks
honestly just my life's been crazy right
now as you guys probably know but I'm
excited just to kind of like settle back
down get into the groove of things yeah
it's up it's up its up this walks
actually pretty short but it's cool
yay okay okay here's my old phone here's
the new phone we're just gonna go for it
yay it's activating okay wait okay my
hair is the literally sec reader now
because I'm used to the Lummi case which
is very bulky on this phone the plus
really doesn't feel that much bigger I
mean I'm sure once I put a case on it a
little bit like it's kind of weird like
I thought for sure I'd be more like oh
my gosh this is huge yeah
and I'm really excited for the nicer
camera that's always not what what what
no are you kidding me are you kidding me
literally said we could not complete
your activation of your phone your
iPhone appears to have a faulty SIM card
you can take your iPhone to a local
Apple store and get a replacement SIM
card or you can go to your wireless
carrier store neither of these options
are you kidding me I did not pay this
much to have it not work what the heck
Apple come on now I have to go to the
store today manna I literally don't have
a phone I don't read all right wait wait
wait I do have a phone at least my
phones working so I can text people
anyways I'm gonna start getting ready
because I need to fill oh my god I need
a filmer what's on my iPhone but I can't
if my iPhone isn't on mmm-hmm
I feel like I would be the person till I
get of course I was so excited when I
showed the unboxing of it and like wow
part of me hopes they just give me a new
phone cuz what if it's like I don't know
what if it's like a broken one where
okay so currently headed to my meeting
it's been a bit I'm so sorry but I
wasn't able to fix my phone I went over
and they gave me new SIM card and it's
all good so that's all set up I'm really
excited
currently headaches my meeting and hey
yah ah hey guys
update hive oh my gosh got my nails done
which is very exciting and then I end up
getting dinner with Allison and Rob
because they were right down the street
we're like one let's get dinner so yeah
now it's currently 12 18 a.m. you're
like Alicia you look really done up for
being Linda yeah we're about to film a
video I have no I cannot even remember
the last time I filmed a video at night
like this like in the longest time ever
I'm gonna put up this weekend and we
leave for New York in five hours so I
don't have much time to do this so yeah
we're gonna film I'm gonna pack and then
go to bed hopefully go to bed should
have rephrase that feels so weird being
back like filming in my room and I love
it I mean honestly the lighting is
pretty dang decent for being midnight
like these these lights are doing good
they do one good are you doing I missed
you so much
I am sorry that I could go up a little
bit but I am back full force there's
lots of blogs that are up iPhone 7 plus
this is in the rose gold color and this
is my phone and I'm excited I haven't in
a what's in my iPhone and what's in my
room mmm-hmm I haven't done it what's on
my iPhone and it'd be longest time and
give you my thoughts on the new iPhone 7
old phone but I just reorganized
everything so we filmed it went pretty
smooth I'm excited let me know if you
guys are excited for this video what's
my iPhone yes um like this video if
you're really excited and you're going
to watch it when it's updated and edited
tomorrow on the plane and right now I'm
about to pack because I have impact
whatsoever and I need to pack luckily
it's a pretty short trip it's just
Friday through Sunday so it's only
realistically like two days plus an
airplane out but you know got the
suitcase out it's been such a long time
since I've used it just kidding there
was a lot of sarcasm there and I just
actually used this on when do I come
back Monday Monday and it's Thursday
it's just a couple days ago also I'm
going to use my
backpack that I got the other day from
awesomeness so shout out to awesomeness
for giving me a backpack because I love
it so much if you didn't see I did a
huge unboxing of a whole bunch of
packages when I was gone now to dogs I
hope to bugs ago
okay so we got makeup camera deodorant
tampons because I just started my period
Tiamat and shorts different options
honestly I'm kind of going with the more
comfy routes just because it's literally
only a couple of days don't find my bras
so we have my backpack over here I have
my computer chargers all that fun stuff
yeah let's see what else do I need
I think I'm gonna bring these Brown
booties and then white Adidas that
sounds good which means these have to go
in here somewhere I just need some socks
at neig and then I'm basically ready
which is awesome it makes me so happy
she'll grab makeup wipes but wait till I
take off my makeup and yeah I think I'm
gonna go to bed soon because it's to
something and I don't have that one
sleeps a bit later now and I'm going to
go to bed because I'm so tired but I
will see you guys tomorrow with new blog
because I'm gonna be editing oh but know
what I'm gonna be filming yeah it's
gonna be walking tomorrow um but yes I
hope you are excited for some New York
box and see Nikki and I will see you
guys super super super soon bye
