oh hey guys what up so I suppose you
know I've been on tour having bought
tickets yet totally should link of the
no bar for about halfway done which is
crazy to think about you know what last
night I was thinking I should show you
guys my essentials like some of things
that I've just been loving like a
favorites video but vlog style is gonna
be legit let's do this because there's
been plenty of things that I've been
obsessed wait it'll be like tour Edition
yes let's do it
videos a little different than my normal
ones but let me know if you like it
because honestly I kind of like it it's
like main channel video but not as
serious do you know what I mean no to be
yes headphones oh my gosh I've been
obsessed with these easier to the bose
ones they're like soundproof which is
crazy actually Remi and mr. me Ashton
had these and I she had me listen to
them and I was just like literally
obsessed with them they're amazing and I
love them so much to actually bought
these the other day when we were at the
mall we're at the mall and I love these
so much
yes they had white ones but they're out
of the white color so I was a little sad
about that but I got the black and blue
ones put this thing on and it makes it
like soundproof which is crazy obsessed
with them I love them so much
quick what are things that you want to
know that I like example favorite song
okay so I tweeted that out right now
let's see what answers we get refreshing
refreshing favorite music at the moment
bigger music right now I've been loving
closer with check our by Machine smokers
with Halsey and I've been loving m83 and
I've been loving church's favorite game
um well well actually because we've been
on the road so much I've been playing so
many games on my phone the one I've been
using the most honestly best fiends I've
mentioned this on my main channel before
I forget when that was my summer what
buddy was that summer now versus in the
one where I Drive it drive like the the
pink car I was I wasn't even on level
ten yet this kind of embarrassingly
awesome of how far cutting well I play
it usually every night before bed
because it's just like routine and stuff
literally on level 41 what the heck okay
so done zones and uh so yeah partnered
with them before and I'm actually
partnering with them again I do not like
hiding that from you guys but seriously
it's such a been gain I'm not even
getting I play at all view time and
they're actually doing a really cool
treasure hunt right now where there's
hidden items throughout the whole game
and then once you collect them all you
can get a new character which is really
cool so if your end of that is actually
a whole bunch of clues on their Facebook
page so I'll put the link to that down
bar also so there's a whole bunch of
clues on there and I'm not sure if
there's any Grey's Anatomy fans watching
this well right now that Kate Walsh
actually has some slippers and that's a
hint that's all I'm gonna say but yeah
definitely download it it's really fun
and yeah I dare you to beat my level
pretty
wait if you guys download this and get
addicted and start playing it every
single day tweet me and let me know
because I'm gonna be like sorry not
sorry
and yeah be really funny if your dessert
chocolate-covered strawberries are life
life like actually like chips favorite
chips um jalapeno the kettle cooked
jalapeno ones are heaven like no other
peer color we were pink like lights they
were likely like Pink Floyd passed out
these fairy lights
yes honestly it makes it like it makes
punk feel so much like pewter and stuff
and all of you guys like fan art things
that you make have seriously been like
so freaking cute I love them this one's
like right by my thumb so I wake up to
every morning and I see little Chlo I
love it subtle if I'm ever gay there's
some garrison there some I feel like I
look kind of conceited with so many
pictures of myself in my own bunk but
it's not like that I start body spray
it's easy for this place to smell really
bad so you just
bring it for yourself definitely just
like inhaled that smells good shout to
the subscribers I gave this to me this
is beautiful day fragrance my bath and
Bodyworks
and it smells really good Arella
relegate buildin coffee are you cooking
on hearing it I'm so huggin copyright
Coffee this stuff shout-out to rob Rick
two tickets to me it's so good oh god
this is like Artie we got a last night
coffee
I don't think exists are you ready to
take some booty pop
take a KitKat
perms we keep them together
the best thing of life
so freaking good oh hey Nikki oh hi what
are some things that you've been loving
lately he's talky trapeze peanut butter
cups this handles because the bathroom
candles some love wonderful smells
candles which remind me remind me
reminds me
Wow a subscriber gave me this Oh Mel so
Chloe have you seen me talk about it for
like the longest time oh my mom it's
great good what it's like one my
favorite ones I'm pleased at the
Boathouse one I think the highlight was
in line I had that Island moonlight
chills in my old door I've gone through
so many of these candles they're rising
in my apartment shout-out to Anna and
McKenna for getting me because
huh gonna make our bus no this is
Sookie oh I love this I'm gonna put it
in my bunk
Oh her favorite have a pasta angel-hair
pasta with marinara sauce it's like my
favorite of all time let's go have some
more coffee let's see what kind of a
show every time I go out of the bunk you
must do a roll as I'm on the bottom you
just kind of like roll out that was a
really bad rule I'm sorry where'd
everyone go so what I want you to do is
leave me a comment below in this video's
tell me what your favorite things have
been what have you been loving what are
things that I really need to use whether
it's an app whether it's of perfume
whether it's makeup whether it's food
literally anything favorite song like
let me know all of your favorite things
in the comments of this video anyways
this is such a random video I think I'm
actually going to vlog like a normal
blog today because we have an off day so
yeah I love you guys and I'll see you
guys posting with another video
