good morning guys
what is that so it's the first day back
in my bed felt really weird waking up
this morning yeah not gonna lie though
it felt really good felt good
so it's today is September 20th I want
to say it's about like 10:00 a.m. I
slept so freakin good don't even know Oh
seriously slept so good so good you
probably talked with my Harris so Roger
I know so we're back home the apartment
blogs are back I know a lot of you miss
them I miss them too honestly like I
love travel vlogs but I also love just
like chillin at home vlogs so today I
have a huge catch-up day I'm so much
laundry to do I have a lot of cleaning
to do I have some filming I want to get
done I want to get up a vlog there was
just yeah there's just like stuff that I
want to do so yeah oh my gosh it feels
so weird to be back thank you guys so
much for just like sticking through the
tour blogs if you didn't like them and
thank you for I don't know but like one
more thing my hands just like chillin
here oh my knees come here babe see you
hi to the camera
everyone says hi everyone loves you and
you love you mom probably get out I
should probably be productive and that's
really comfy it's really comfy
I'm so bad right now so yeah I feel like
I should do something productive you
know get up
I can't but your face is just so cute
did you miss me did you miss me are you
gonna act like you didn't even miss me
love me my room is a mess a complete
mess and I have to clean it but what's
sad is it's probably gonna get a lot
worse before it gets better because I
still have to unpack the suitcase
oh yes okay also this happens when
you're a youtuber and you're gone I
literally have like 10 packages that I
need to open there's one two three four
five six seven eight nine I think
there's like nine or ten what the heck
oh my gosh pink I'm gonna make eight oh
I'm gonna make this smoothie for
breakfast
yes toots toots to Rick man
oh my gosh yes toga mmm Jeanette
majest√©
there with my tripod I'm sitting at my
desk I'll do my makeup go to watch some
YouTube videos and let's do this okay
update time it is currently 12:00 at 46
I am chilling in the kitchen I'm gonna
be working on this vlog I really really
really want to get it up so like it's so
cheesy sad nostalgic like it's a lie
literally just cried when I was filming
um some parts right now and I was like
oh my god Alicia sure you're actually
crying like what's up but yeah it's
different so I'm gonna be recount out in
this today so I'm gonna import all that
footage right now I am unbelievably
starving so I'm gonna get some lunch
also I start some laundry soap that's do
also my parents are coming over later
today and I'm so excited because I
ordered the iPhone 7 and it got
delivered to their house so they're
bringing it over so I'm going to switch
over my phone so excited for that you
guys don't even know it's almost as if
Apple was like oh it's time for a new
phone to come out let's have everyone's
phone just die because that's literally
what's been happening like it will not
keep it charged for anything that's
happened to so many friends too so
you'll see what I got later really
excited for that but yeah we're gonna
import this boom got some lunch I made
like a zucchini pasta type thing I also
don't even know I just like made it
whatever and we are currently editing so
we're I'm gonna be able just gonna stand
here for the next few minutes that album
yes I'm not gonna lie it feels really
nice having like home vlogs I'm so
excited to edit this vlog and put it up
tomorrow because you guys are gonna be
like so excited and like I'm gonna be
excited it's gonna be great it's gonna
be good I'm gonna eat and I'm gonna edit
I really wanna get this video up today
so I'm really gonna try just to like
bust it out but bust it out well yeah
and it's definitely time for some coffee
because that sounds freaking mazing oh
wait this is cute fun fact this is like
my go-to coffee cup that I use
today oh my god it's been so long since
I've seen like this on this vlog camera
oh my god it feels so weird this is what
happens when you're gone for a really
long time you have a million packages
open let's do this who that is zoom in
on my face let's not not do that yep
uh-huh
okay so as you see we have so many boxes
that we're about to open right now and
unbox for you I'm gonna try to do it
quick because there's a lot and I'm sure
you guys to want to sit here for 20
minutes watching the unboxing stuff show
so let's do it I'm gonna use all these
boxes as my tripod first thing is this
one ooh this is the Tarte Holiday
Collection palette what oh my gosh this
is beautiful
I loved hearts make up oh my gosh but
these are like colors I'll use you know
how like somehow there's colors that
you're like oh that's Cupid I'll never
use that like I'll actually use all of
these literally this is so beautiful oh
my gosh thank you so much from yellow X
Oh
oh my god oh my god you see this hi my
name is Rose sired I know the video is
this gonna be like the new thing
futuristic stuff right here oh my gosh
it's crazy I got some editing I got a
lot of editing done it's nowhere near
being done but I figured before the Sun
Goes Down because it's like so cloudy
today I should open these for you guys
because well I also want to open them to
so little evil like Christmas I've so
many ooh
dr. brand oh my god oh my god okay
this is dr. Brandt I wanted to that's
how you say it oh my gosh but they sent
so much like skin stuff I feel like
after tour I really need kind of like a
detox like a good masks in 1999 so oh my
gosh Seifer gloves
this is so weird but my camera keeps
turning off a backpack oh that's on
finishing guidance is a pleasure working
with you and we hope to do so again in
the near future thanks for everything
oh my gosh awesome to sent me a backpack
for shooting with guidance with them and
like
I always wanted one of these backpacks
and you guys do I have a backpack
obsession oh my gosh I love thank you so
much but we have their new studio skin
15 we're hydrating foundation and three
colors waterproof concealer and two
shades photo finish primer which I love
actually use this all the time I'm
currently using it right now like I love
it photo finish primer oil today
beautiful tart works of Tarte holiday
2016 their whole holiday collection they
have black to Black's of brown and a
blue I've never seen this before it's
literally like mini gel eyeliners in two
forms I've never seen this this is so
cute I would buy this hands-down and I
have four blushes and vibrant genius pop
royal of their brushes with a brush
which is so cute oh we got lip paints
those look really pretty so that's what
those look like
for the blushes and then the gel liners
oh my gosh I ordered some boots from
Nasty Gal while I was on tour I just
like splurge and did it and I was like
you know what I won't get it till I'm
home but I don't care I'm gonna buy them
anyway and I'm sorry if this camera is
shaky because you're on my bed other if
demerit a very very very very good with
me as my shoes are you ready for this
whoo what we have some black knee-high
boots with like studs all over the front
which are so pretty oh my gosh now I
have this huge mess to deal with and
this huge mess to deal with
and laundry to deal with I don't want to
move I don't want the milk can I just
not like not deal with my room situation
right now
it's too much for me to handle really
though it was so clean yesterday until I
came home guess who got her vlog up I'm
really excited and it's like a 23 now
yes my parents came over they ran
smoothies and dinner so my phone is here
but I was thinking I'm gonna wait till I
can like backup my phone and all that
stuff I might even open it tomorrow
morning because I was thinking like oh
it would be nice to have like good
lighting and like actually like unbox it
and stuff cool money's she this little
one two seconds to go I'm sitting here
the next thing you know she jumps up on
the table like she jumps up here and
then jumps on table I was like
ohyeah how long have you been doing that
she's clearly done it before because he
did it way too easy
so Stephanie laundry and stuff to clean
and yeah hey guys so it is a lot later
now I edited it today's vlog
yeah today did not go as planned I
didn't do any of my laundry and I didn't
do any cleaning but I did get a vlog up
and I did edit this vlog and yeah I just
washed my face and I have moisturizer
like all over it that's why I look
disgusting yeah anyways I love you guys
I'm gonna go to bed and I'll see plural
bye MA
