hmm
are we ready are we ready what what to
tree what hey guys ah guess who I'm with
Nikki hey guess what we're doing blah
blah calling it ah it didn't
mMmmm do any of you remember our other
blog call that we did we were like you
know what we miss halls we want to vlog
we're gonna have a blog hall which is
basically a hall like a main Channel
video title hall on our blog channel
where we can talk and ramble and just
like Merc so I'm gonna go through and
show everything that I bought but if you
want to see everything that Nikki got
check out her channel link in the down
bar also I saw you guys I'm going to be
doing another livestream we've been live
streaming like this entire trip trip
tour even live-streaming so much behind
the scenes and stuff I told you about my
last one so my next one is up right here
on the screen right now so definitely
down the app follow me come to my
livestream it'll be fine you'll see
behind the scenes of the shows and seven
guys are tours almost over it really
does I can't even think of I'm really
sad this is our last week because I was
there last off like those our last note
smells nothing we got an iPhone tourism
so anyways let's get into this and show
everything that I've bought recently
whoa first thing is actually this jacket
I got it from H&M what I never find
anything at H&M and I love it and it's
just comfy and I've been wearing it
literally non-stop non-stop I actually
really like it in your room at a meet
and greet yeah actually where I mean
great like besides besides like Orkut
it's long it's kind of hard to see right
now so I'm sorry we went to Urban
Outfitters yesterday um so I'm just
gonna go through I think that I got what
I am the first thing is this shirt it's
like a gray shirt where the top is like
for the top the front the front of it's
like completely open and stuff and then
so you just feel like a cami or a
bodysuit or like whatever you whenever
you want to wear I picked it out under a
new she's good this is so Ashley like so
Ashley thinks I got that and it was $34
pendulum fences let's not talk about it
next thing that I got is a bodysuit um
and it's just black it looks like that
others makeup on it
mmm soju like you have like lace
detailing cutouts peekaboo all that fun
stuff
not even like started dressing up a lot
I know it's gonna be really weird going
back to normal life and wearing like
normal clothes
I know a normal makeup and normal hair
oh and then I got this and it's just
like this really cute black crop top bra
that kind of thing
um so I thought this would be really
cute for a show even though both of our
shows are done but that's okay and this
was from Ragan bone it's cute so I got
that I thought if you really keep it
like a high waisted like skirt or shorts
or something on that as well I got a
bralette from urban because I love these
bra let's so freakin much anytime we
want to meet up and I see someone with
it I'm like I love your bra less because
they're the best looks I got a great one
this was $24 I'm doing a lot of like
grays and blacks like what is my life
this is not normal I mean he's really
did get a little gray eye okay it's all
like neutral sub or line welcome to the
world on it okay so I don't know how
this shirt goes and this happened last
time we live blog hall I don't know what
the front is nagy I don't
why did you know it's cute I thought
this was the friend hey at least you
don't look like an aqueduct right here
every minute but look at this how does
it tie this desperate the friend are you
sure so it is a halter in the back maybe
it's so we could wear both ways kind of
shirt I want that to the front but I'm
pretty sure that's the back and then I
got another hoodie and this one is
actually pretty similar to the one I'm
wearing but it's just more like filled
House offices oh I know this is from
your gym brick no ribbon
okay urban I can see that he's so comfy
but the sides also like kind of come up
which I kinda wish it didn't I wish it
was just like a long t-shirt dress or
like a dress kind of thing looks like
this it's super comfortable I'm really
excited
I'm to wear it I was wearing it earlier
and it's so comfortable like so
comfortable in my shoes I got these
shoes these are like the best friend of
mine I like I was really hoping to find
something just like this but I don't
want to get my hopes up but I found them
and they were like 50% off they're just
black boots I look like this because all
to wear I've been wearing my gray boots
but I was like I really want black boots
and I don't even care that we have only
four shows left I'm gonna buy these I'm
gonna wear them so I got them and I'm
really making an Instagram and so yeah
we're taking pictures I think we're
gonna take pictures I guess we are
there's all the clothes and then I have
only a couple makeup beauty products so
first two lip glosses
I've been like on the hunt for the
perfect like nude lip the first one I
got was from NARS it's called babydoll
coming up way more pink on camera I feel
like but today it really is danten
danten
babydoll from NARS super cute super
pretty thirded
and then I got this one yesterday it's
Marc Jacobs I got from Sephora and I'm
wearing it right now and I love this so
much like oh I love it okay
no that's pretty like oh and this one is
in the color pretty thing yeah got some
lip gloss obsessed I love it I got some
perfume because I realized I came on
this tour and realized I totally didn't
bring perfume and I realized that I just
I'd realized like three times in past
thirty seconds but I got this Chanel
chance perfume and it smells so good
it's perfect I just got the smaller ones
Oh like it smells really good oh and
then I got another dry shampoo because
this is my favorite dish driven of it
never visit my favorite dry shampoo ever
it's the living proof perfect hair day
dry shampoo I've gone through two
bottles of these already you really
haven't where dry bars the best we beg
to differ our favorite dry shampoos
but wait a mother with dry part know I'm
living through your the green oh this is
great I bought this color it's all like
a matte like it they all just like fill
mine yeah but yeah that's basically
everything that I bought pretty recently
I feel like there's some other stuff but
I couldn't find it so yeah I hope you
guys like the blog haul because yeah we
and like we started doing holding our
channel together yeah together together
did you like it did you like it
did you did you did you like it like I
hope that you liked it you really liked
it anyways I love you guys so so so so
so much and I hope that you like I'm in
this vlog and definitely check out
Nicki's video next and
hey hey
