good morning guys how are you do not
mind the fact that my eyebrows are not
done I was doing my makeup and the next
thing I know I couldn't find my eyebrow
stuff it was like great luckily we're
currently at a mall because niki and
gabi have a pop-up thing with JC Penney
so that's really exciting so I'm going
to run into Macy's and get I relatives
maybe I'll just have them do it maybe I
could be like hey will you do it I've
been cool this day we are in Seattle and
we have a day free there and then
tomorrow is our show there which I'm
really excited for I've never been to
Seattle and here we are in Washington
were just insane that's what's going on
just when to start to taste bugs
I edited yesterday's vlog but I left my
memory card with Ashley so she's gonna
have to send over footage so I apologize
maybe up a little later I'm learning of
course we got some starves Peck yes
one night here's the buzz I haven't
really like shown in a blog yet if
that's not so
okay so I'm walking oh it's so bright
I'm walking over to get walking over to
be eyebrows oops
yeah okay I literally I look like
Voldemort at opening eyebrow oh yeah I'm
dead his name you know what that means
the names up high oh hi tips poke cave
boots did I see you I know her my
friends famous okay I just met Kayla did
you have an instant everything I yeah
Little Miss miles Li TT e mi SS dot dot
miles yeah yeah hey guys
update time so we are currently in the
bus as you can tell by this poor cool
lighting yes thank you good but well
everyone's basically out of it I figured
I would decorate my bunk because but I
got got some very light and I got some
posters and and hugs are going to you
can't really see boom I shouldn't be
doing this in the skirt okay so first we
got it open then yeah we got it
decorated okay
yeah we gotta take video I'm so excited
wait I'm at focus as always okay so it's
all decorated and I just need to get a
little more like stuff I'm gonna use a
lot of your guys's like parts and all
that stuff when you guys um but yeah
it's off to do that but do you want to
see it and sliding so good I love it I'm
probably gonna be blogging from here
let's beer up the fairy lights which you
probably hear Melora - so what my bunk
looks like okay so here I got a whole
bunch of these little like poster things
from a store in Portland if you guys
remember that vlog so I got this little
guy
I hung fairy lights got this little one
and then this one says stay sassy you
got this I love that and then that's
really cute one that says move mountains
then my fairy lights and yeah don't mind
the whole back corner that's just like
the only spot where we can put stuff on
the bus so it's right usually like my
back so it's usually we're like my
backpack and all that fun stuff is and
then for my bedding I just have blue
sheets and then this comforter and a
blanket that is
yeah yeah yeah
hey guys update time we are back in the
mall we're literally waiting for niki
and gabi have a pop of thing so our bus
has just parked outside them all so
we're here for like four hours we should
be done soon but my phone has been so
weird lately it keeps turning off at
like 70% which is not okay I'm going to
go to Apple I just backed it up and see
if I can get new phone and then there's
a peck done and then I'll food
maybe like Subway you're saying cake
with pipette though okay so we are
currently at Red Robin my ate figured
I'd talk to you guys are kind of dark so
I don't know how much blocking you'll do
tonight and I didn't even bother showing
you guys but I got to eat I am sorry
hey guys what is up okay so today is
wait for it it's 106 Thursday August 18
and we are currently at our venue in
Washington we have a show tonight which
I'm really excited for we are all
currently in the green room getting
ready for our show tonight so I figured
I would be like a get ready with me and
you guys can see the process of getting
ready for a show currently 106 are
already set up our show does even start
till 8:00 7:30 or 8:00 around there and
this is the how it is basically every
single day like this is what we do we
start getting ready at like 1:00 and we
have soundcheck and then we have a
meet-up so it's like a long long day
there's a lot that goes into it so this
is what the room looks like we have some
clothing racks with all of our quote
costumes but it's definitely more just
like clothes we have some lovely clothes
over here some lovely clothes over here
oh wait where's the onesies the onesies
are here yes if you've been to the show
you know what these are
hahahaha I love that here's everyone
getting ready alright guys
hi Allison hi hey guys
this is what it looks like doing behind
the scenes of my eyebrow there you go I
do not Niki exclusive haha yay here's my
little setup got some coffee I walked
over to a coffee shop earlier and we're
doing a makeup yeah whoo okay and let's
get cut it
yeah because dawn might put on lashes or
later this is our venue tonight's gonna
be good okay so we are chilling in the
seats you can find like I see my makeup
I went for more of it
smokey eye today we're gonna do our
sound check and then I finish getting
ready it's gonna be good guys look
that's my shirt ah cool buy it if you
come it says sorry I'm vlogging because
obviously blogging your nose
yes get that and then put a hat wait did
that you guys should get it says hashtag
it's like blue cuz I love my blue and
pink so yes I think it Instagram and I
have yet to do that I've been sleeping
in a thoughts in my sleeping shirt it's
all true
seriously love these love these there's
so many like I want them all yay let's
see what the stage is look in my Nick
Alicia your hair little really good are
here
oh my god it looks good doesn't it it
looks like really blue yeah behind the
scenes behind scenes this is what behind
the curtain usually looks like it's just
like born good but it's cool right Nikki
was just doing a sound check
hey guys so I just was walking around
and I rinsed some viewers
battery hey guys so I'm literally just
chillin in my onesie King quick oh no I
know I was like legit just gonna wear
this for the rest of the day now what am
I doing with my life
come on get it together Alicia Dawn's on
Tonto you thought I heard lunch was here
if not it's almost here so I'm
expendable ducks and my battery's gonna
die which I'm really not about I have a
charged one pretty shirt and the bus
which sucks so it dies I'm so sorry Oh
jesse is a charger save the day baby
get ready girls side in addition take
you you to bet you the best you to you
to best suit of you do youtubers so we
are having our meet up as you guys can
tell okay guys so this is Sarah you have
an Instagram or anything you want shout
out yeah my fanpage is Alicia stock
cupcake painting the woods thank you I
hope you love the show and sing and
dance with us KRA so meet up with great
pre-party epic gaga and we about to go
on stage we're getting our last looks
we're gonna go see how do you guys sleep
over oh you look gorgeous
thank you
a senior headline you Robin guard
backstage just made and rocking like
okay
okay so Mia's here she surprised me guys
I literally cry it was so like I'm just
kind of moment on but she's been sitting
up in the balcony so during the free
times when I'm not on stage I've been
running up here to go sit with her and
I've been running down on board like
this chair to go back to the show yay
thanks for coming me mm dad don't forget
may mean put Sun for the team and Andy
was on to religion and it's every union
is the reunions every young agent
it's our young oh man skinnier where you
doing those no cuz I wanna the reason
okay I so much want to end it tonight
vlog I'm currently editing it right now
I just finished I was like wait I need
to end it I hope that you liked it and
don't forget to buy tickets come to our
show hey Olivia
yeah see you guys tomorrow with a new
bluff
