good morning sliding is beautiful but
not this one
good morning guys it's so update time
today we're in Miami we have some off
date here which I'm really excited for
so get excited for really adventurous
and a bundle blog we are currently at
breakfast because our rooms aren't ready
for like at least an hour
going on a new box be up really soon
with Chemeketa core and I'm going to
upload a main Channel video later say
something better presents
yeah I've never been here before so
really excited too
go into the beach what we're going to
the beach what oh my god I still pretty
oh my gosh oh my god this is so nice Oh
Hudson oh my god this is so nice this is
my first time on a Florida beach so
excited and this totally reminds me of
Dexter which is crazy update I'm so we
ended up going to the beach and swimming
Burma and it was so nice it's just
really hot humid you're going to get
some lunch and I'm excited it's so
pretty here do you see this guy I can't
thank you oh yeah great guy I'm going to
try and muscle for the first time the
orange tub
got some food we're all happy hey these
hotels are my Instagram aesthetic and I
love it so much
guys I seriously love it here and also
that was like one of the best meals I
think I've had in my life or recently
honestly hey guys okay we're good so I'm
in my hotel room and honestly Isis view
you have to see it it is so beautiful
it's just
MERP in this room it's so bright and
white like my Instagram which just makes
me so excited do you see this view this
is beautiful and perfect and I just
can't it seriously so so nice I got a
little balcony wait can you oh I don't
wanna way through this Oh No
both down both ping come on there we go
oh my gosh I cannot wait to take
pictures oh my freaking gosh oh my gosh
this is so beautiful I'm inviting yummy
has never been to Miami and I love it
already
oh my gosh Miami hotel room - er / of
you what is this we were out there
earlier I wish I blogged earlier I
totally forgot so I'm so sorry oh my
gosh do you see this
who don't die Alicia that'd be great
really quickly this is what the hotel
room looks like here's a bathroom you
walk in here's me here hey what's up and
then here is the room it's so cute I
love it there's this little like table
area over here we got some beds
I think Nikki and I are gonna end up
bunking together because we both have
rooms by ourselves we're like why not
have a sleepover yeah feel ya pill so
this is what the room looks like you
have a TV I'm excited also I need to
upload I mean Channel video and I think
everyone's gonna leave in like a little
over an hour to get dinner and I totally
forgot that I need to finish my
voiceover and upload in my video for
today that's what I'm gonna do it right
now hopefully I can get it done so fast
sometimes I struggle with voiceovers I
feel like every youtuber can attest to
that it can be a struggle hopefully this
works out you guys are gonna laugh at me
at how many times are we doing servers
but it's cool if cool we got this we got
this we got this we got this okay what
can I put you guys so you can witness
hold it here we go we got this oh here
we go another day where we have to put
on some makeup oh this sucks
seriously though why do girls have to
deal with this so read it out I think
I'm gonna move you over here cuz this is
a way better lighting doesn't make me
doesn't it doesn't make me more
beautiful I'm just as beautiful with or
without makeup okay look the art I don't
need this this I love makeup makeup is
awesome
what it what am I even did you get that
what was what was that yeah makeup oh
that's just stupid I'm gonna do it yeah
makeup oh my gosh I love makeup you guys
I finally finally finished my voiceover
and my hairs are hot mess right now so
happens to me go swimming until Sean
anyways I just finished it so I think
I'm going to export it and get it up for
you guys I'm so excited I'm actually
like this is a really different video
it's well I guess you'll see the video
for you see this vlog so it's basically
girls how girls think before and after
situation it's like it's really funny
thought process it's really funny I like
I like it a lot being here we go export
it I'm really excited I think you guys
gonna love this let me know if you like
it if you haven't watched it yet and
you're watching this vlog definitely go
over to my channel and watch it because
it is up it is up it is a good video is
up oh my gosh I'm so excited I've been
waiting a really long time for this to
happen and it's up so I'm really excited
about that
are you ready you ready I put on my
snapchat and Instagram story so if you
guys follow both of those you would have
seen this kind of clip about three times
here's the thumbnail shaving breakups
dealing with all that stuff and just you
know how girls think the thought process
so go watch ecological want to go watch
it okay so now that that is done I am
going to go back up to Nikki's reel and
I think we're just gonna start getting
ready cuz everyone's just gonna hang out
tonight get dinner whatnot so might as
well try to look somewhat decent maybe
put some dry shampoo in here to get rid
of all this ocean Mist that's in my hair
right now yeah okay and I should
probably each other.this yes yay yeah oh
this is my insect repellent thing
because there's like mosquitoes and a
thing here yeah so that's what that
bracelet isn't for anklet this secure
wondering anyways I keep rambling let's
do it
hi Nicki hi Alicia I love your tutorial
setup hello sitting on a suitcase what
she's sitting on a suitcase why do you
want her makeup sitting on a suitcase
yeah she be sitting on a suitcase I
really wanted to get that palette you
like it it looks beautiful like it do
you like it like it like it what do you
like get question yeah a good blender
brush I have animal what kind of like a
piece yeah this is what we got set up
going on over here
setup going on over here yes we're doing
our makeup doing our makeup I'm just in
a weird mood I guess I don't know yeah
um honestly I was just kind of bored I
like me at time to kill so I was like am
I so just like redo my makeup
do you ever do that like you don't have
to redo your makeup but you just redo
your makeup pose why not oh yeah
man bench and munchkin check step 24
institution
okay these walls are so thin I can
literally hear whoever's next door I
don't blow drying their hair you know
what you can probably join whoever's
next door because they're blow drying
their hair
I heard them talking earlier to I'll be
back boom makeup is done oh my gosh I
was not expecting it to be this dramatic
also don't mind the fact that a room is
a complete mess
yeah don't mind that also can we talk
about the fact that there are no other
lights in this room I know it looks
really bright on camera but I swear it's
not there's only a little likeyou here I
understand okay this is the room there's
some little lights here there's a little
bit of light here like what what hey
guys so I just got ready for bed and I
want to end this vlog we ended up going
to dinner and then coming back and doing
face masks and just chilling in stuff so
I figured I should edit this vlog and I
hope you guys like this two-minute oh
you guys like taste vlog I'm gonna go to
bed I love you so much and I'll see you
guys tomorrow most likely with a new
book Hey
