good morning everybody
why am i well like do you see I'm
holding this right now do you see how
I'm holding this camera what am i doing
tell me why every time I say good
morning I want to sing good morning but
that's that's the good morning world
what is up it is morning I'm about to
see what put some makeup on my face I
should also make my bed let's be well I
should probably do that too yeah I made
that so I'm also running a little late
big surprise
hours literally movie videos here brick
a clear representation of the world
today wouldn't they don't have their
phone hmm I wanted to watch YouTube
videos okay I'll be back okay we're good
you can watch the tube now I just
uploaded yesterday's vlog so bags up go
watch if you have it it's a stationary
haul rim uploaded
and makeup is done this is the look we
got going on I actually kind of liking
the less eye makeup right like I feel
like it's very different for me so plans
for the day today I'm actually a really
excited I've been off my insta game for
a long time for like a long time
so I'm having a friend come over and
he's gonna take a whole bunch of
pictures so we're having a photo shoot
day really excited but to make it even
better memes is coming to Sweden both
get photos and we can have like a BFF
photo shoot and I'm like really really
really really really excited so I'm
excited
so my makeups definitely gonna change
throughout the day I wanted to do it
more natural at first and as the days
goes on make it a little different you
know for different outfits and stuff so
speaking of outfits I gotta get that
together yeah let's let's get them
outfits messy but it's actually not
everything's all the outfits are laid
out that's why it looks like it's really
messy but I promise it's not what outfit
should we do first this one's super cute
it's just like a white dress with the
blue bomber I got this heavy from urban
yesterday and I thought it looked really
really key I was thinking that with like
a denim skirt okay so I think the first
outfit munna where is this one these
boots are from Target and I've yet to
wear them oh my god it was like one of
the first days of vlogmas when Remy and
me and I went to Target these are so
freaking cute so we're all gonna get
them and have friendship boots kind of
forgot about them knocking line and then
this sweater dress is from pretty little
thing and do you see this do you see
this detail on the sleeves the detail is
so freaking cute so let's put that there
and put those there with these begin
with it I could see it we'll just but
those are right there so I lied here is
the first outfit I really like I got
these pants I'm not sure if I'm gonna
return them or not but let me know your
thoughts so I'm wearing the sweater that
I've probably worn a bajillion times
I've worn it every single day for the
past two three days is this one forever
to me what I just love it it's like
really comp nameless I think like seven
dollars and these pants are like so
crazy for me they're kind of cool I
don't know I don't know I feel like
normally pants like these don't look
good on me or trying them out I'm just
not sure if I actually like wear them a
lot you know what I mean that better
better yeah guys look who's here me I
tell you were coming so it's like they
were not talking this big round but like
hey hashtag me Alicia some photos you
looking cute what we think
look camera take over I need to get good
lighting no cuz like this is an Alicia
Marie blog hey guys we got the goods we
got the goods Mia's getting some cute
pics oh what's today's be the CEO your
parents always wanted you to marry I
love a wild Alicia being in the middle
oh that's sweet week we currently
attending I know I change settings sweet
foreign food kind of lemonade oh my god
I miss
Atlee 259 p.m. almost 3 o'clock but not
quite yet score why didn't your soul
oh you come here and do my makeup every
time you say hello everybody
come in and out it was good and then I
keep we're good came home you know what
we have a ton of packages
I should probably unbox a lot of these
I've been sent a long time ago but I
just didn't open them I've actually had
this for a while and I've been meaning
to open them on camera this is a package
from NARS I started to open it I was
like LD shut wait for the vlog oh we got
some lipsticks or lip glosses oh it's
there spring oh my god oh my god okay
just open it we have four lipstick
colors and all of them are so freaking
pretty it looks like eye shadow sticks
and then we have a blush and it's just
this like bright pink color yeah thank
you and our next package this is from
wildflower pieces they always had really
cute phone cases and I'm hoping that
this is for the iPhone X yeah oh my god
cute so we have this cherry one and then
there's this pink plaid looking one yeah
that makes me really happy the next
package I actually bought myself you
guys are gonna laugh because it will not
surprise you
oh I should've used these today I
ordered these sunglasses from Urban
Outfitters I have a lot of white
sunglasses like this but all of them
have black lenses so I was really
excited to find these ones cuz they're
blue this one is so perfect for today
it's okay take some pics you and then
the last box really lights from Tarte
it's like weirdly light like I feel like
wow oh my god oh I thought I just cut
myself oh my god cute why is it such a
big box for this I think I got it a long
time ago and I
just now opening it why is this oppa for
this I feel like the little looks oh
they're like cream ah you have to see
boil you'll say can we take a moment to
admire this palette literally show
creamy ice watch it on my hand really
nice that's all of the unboxings for
today I still need to come up with a box
with Alicia little jingle thing hey guys
what is that I just washed my face so my
skin is kind of red at night I did a ton
of editing and I'm exhausted so I'm
gonna go to bed thank you guys so much
for watching this video I will see you
guys most likely tomorrow with a new bug
in yeah I love you guys
