hey guys oh my God where have I been
what have I been doing with my life I
don't even know
oh my gosh so I've been off to my
bonking game as we all know and I feel
like I'm just been having so much going
on and then of course like for me like I
always feel like I need to explain why
I've been gone if I ever take a break
from like the cowering like that sighs I
got like wanted a fresh start would say
I'm so sorry to have been uploading and
I'm on tour right now which is crazy if
you want to see the first two show check
out Nicky's walk out cause she's been
blogging series big enough so yeah we
are currently in San Francisco going all
over the country so you get excited for
super exciting blog and adventurers vs.
shows were really really good so if you
went let me know if you liked it it was
so much fun and yes it's not from San
Francisco we're currently and about
you're trying to get ready with a small
mirror we want to see cute in specifics
we want to we want to go explore the
city because I was just here in San Fran
it's like one of my favorite cities and
we want to you know so yeah I'm gonna
put you guys right here while I do my
makeup that I left all my brushes can I
still smell from Toyota
our next stop is Portland and we're
there for four days I'm gonna this is
Ashley coming up she's gonna come you're
gonna do my makeup here we go boom boom
this is what you call a bun that you
sleep in one of you guys that we are
currently at with I don't know how to
say this later
I went here last time I was here and I
really liked it and filling you so I'm
currently live streaming right now yeah
anyways we're going to head back to the
venue right now
we were just getting coffee and we are
in San Francisco toughen eyes look at
this it sucks out this is the only time
we'll be outside I know yeah literally
like I I love San Fran and I've been
here long enough so this is tonight's
venue and there's a day school which is
epic so it looks like you're excited
very excited so I just finished eating
ready I got my hair done and we're gonna
start a meeting great soon but I'm on
the bus actually put myself right now so
I was like wait I'm gonna give you guys
a bus tour yeah which is editing some
videos actually editing tomorrow's video
we're gonna put this right here
I'm so excited okay like when you walk
in so we have some nice reclining chairs
right here a table window and we have
this huge like bench of a couch right
here and this is actually really really
wide it's awesome
over here we have our kitchen okay so we
have some cabinets you have a fridge we
have a microwave we have lots of static
candy and stuff up here speaking of you
guys gave me some gummy worms last night
at my meet and greet and I was so
excited and do you see how many red and
blue ones are in here I may start eating
this not gonna lie I have lots of food
and candy I have some chips back here
cause we have that there some cereal and
just more stuffs sink coffee maker
nutribullets or ninja thing over here is
another table where I was a danger
sitting right here editing and here is
the bathroom okay standard we have a
Marilyn Monroe here a really small room
but yeah so there's that's close this
and then turn around we have a shower
right here which is locked that's what
it looks like is it's out of this
showers would be nicer than the shower I
have in my apartment yes you have to
lock this because otherwise when they're
driving it'll uh they'll move around
more like when we're driving and stuff
anyway come in here this is where all
the bunks are so my bunk is actually
down here which looks like this I just
put in my bedding last night so it's all
blue and and yes so that's my bedding I
want to decorate it and get some really
cute like fairy lights and put up all of
your fan pics and stuff so yeah there's
that so here we go here we go then we
have a back room here our tour manager
sleeps right here and then there's
another like table and stuff this is
kind of more of a storage room I guess I
feel like none of us really hang out
here but we can but
so that's what that's what it looks like
that is art but it looks like yeah I
really want to get my bump way cuter and
once I do maybe I'll do like a bump room
tour if that make sense your people are
looking for me to like hey you have a
meetin crate to do right now and we have
TVs I think we have three huge TVs in
this whole place which is awesome so
there's lots of TVs I feel like we never
really use it though these chairs are so
comfortable and they like lean back I
usually sit here every single morning
editing or drinking coffee right here
it's like looking out the window and I
think people are actually already lined
up oh my god yeah
first people can they see me can you see
me guys literally see people right now
lined up outside to say hello people
you're in my vlog say hi to my blood oh
wait say hi to my blog I logged in when
I when I walked back in
lot of people a
because different
shoutout to Audrey she gave me this
letter and she also gave me some gum
even what do we do ever first three or
four days or days off yes you have four
days off you've been literally doing
this tour and today about a week yeah
now we are headed to Portland and I'm
saying cuz Ashley's coming or whoa whoa
