good morning everyone it's a good day
for a good day
yo hey guys Tuesday is a Thursday I feel
like my week has been so off because we
came back from San Francisco on a
Tuesday which is really random we kind
of I feel like most trips you come back
on a Monday for a weekend trip keep
thinking like days Wednesday but it's
definitely Thursday oh my days are so
mixed up it's kind of kinda yeah mmm
this young so good yeah it is currently
eight o'clock make some coffee make
mobile and I'm going to edit yesterday's
vlog normally I edit my box at night but
last night I was really tired so it
ended up not doing that so I'm gonna do
this morning yes yes new vlog is up go
watch it go watch it go watch a vlog is
up and I also did a little bit of online
shopping because I was like wait tor is
literally next week and I need some
outfits for that so I picked up a twin
order on American Apparel and you're
gonna I was doing some editing and now
I'm gonna get ready for my day because
we have lots and lots of filming to do
so update just did my makeup and I was
watching my vlog reading some of your
guys's comments and yes so this is what
we're wearing right now I just have a
t-shirt a t-shirt I said it's so funny a
t-shirt then I'm scared from urban about
me it gives me pink hats and white
Adidas yes yeah my lashes keep falling
off I don't know why I like I ran out of
my normal lashes so I used some pair
that I found in my drawer and I do not
like them whatsoever I need to go get
some new ones Ashley are actually gonna
go to Party City because I just have
four million subscribers and I wanted to
take a really cute picture for Instagram
and after just hit half a million
Instagram followers so we're really
excited about that we both want to like
get something to Instagram and stuff so
oh yeah I think we're gonna grab some
lunch and after that come back here and
film hard freakin court no good I'd be I
love you I never we're gonna party city
because they gotta go stuff yeah
oh yeah yeah yeah guys okay low key now
I know to go to Party City if you want
any candy cuz they have like jumbo so
much what what this is heaven this is
actually heaven
they've Eminem's every color separated
every candy you can imagine we got the
goods we got the good you're getting
some people that looks beautiful I've
actually never been here oh my god this
looks so good it looks really fun
wahahaha and yes you know what I was
thinking I'll tell you how many thumbs
ups it got um so you asked I'm
delivering
I really hope you're ready for this I
don't think you are is the fact that you
get the reaction like what the problem
is is I've already seen these gathered
them together for this video what up
guys
so I forget the last thing that I've
logged wait we're coming yes we fumbled
but now we're going right now
tell me my room being messy with but but
you you should be proud of me because we
actually made it messy for this clip
like it wasn't mess beforehand so hey
anyways um yes so what's going on
tonight we were filming with Taryn and
Brett and I think Ryan and Julia we're
going to film some stuff at a school
later and yeah well what may be behind
hi my little one hi babe high level oh
you're so cute you all yours over here
spot the dog clay high beams up deep I
got an ice cream cone so I want to take
a picture before
Trippi so we're trying to run because I
know we're like a white wallet so we can
take picture I miss living so bad I have
it from the air
Ashley's going as best shooting we can
it's so trippy woman
oh no oh no oh no oh no shoot looks so
good though like lying yes that looks
great dude this is melting soba I'd love
to get my voice crack okay so we have a
candle that has a four which I thought
was so cute because it's not my like
birthday oh my god that is so cute oh my
god was gonna fall - I think it's too
windy yeah Oh it'sit's that it was done
oh yeah guys happy formal like so droopy
do you see this the things one does for
Instagram though or sinking the person
cute
good great timing uh hello vlog take
over you might be wondering why I am a
cry laughing uh we are weird I'm not
being Alicia film and this is the best
thing I've ever seen Oh Wilhelmina let's
get a little bit of a close-up that is
just all kinds of AST yeah by F date
hi Ashley my god so I literally just
showered oh I tried really 40 minutes
and I wash my hair it literally three
times but I got all the nacho cheese oh
I really hope in them like I hope it was
good smells good yeah so that was a
scene in an upcoming video I don't think
it's this weekend so I think it's next
week's guys you guys that was a moment I
was like for at first was like I can't
believe I did that it's kind of really
what's gonna bother me but the more I
see the more I melt I was like I don't
want to smell nacho cheese like ever
again we're done filming as you can
probably tell and now Ashton are gonna
get some dinner at Cheesecake Factory
our favorite place I know I said I'd one
of our favorite restaurants I know it's
so basic but it really is in this car
though this car you're making your
friend light on my feet oh I wanted to
end today's vlog I know that it was
probably on the shorter side but I'm
gonna go to bed it's about 10:00 p.m.
right now and I have to leave at the
house at like 5:30 a.m. so I'm really
not excited for that to end it I think
you guys like today's vlog and I will
see you guys I'm really see with a new
vlog and yes everybody guys so so so so
so so much showered like a million times
so don't worry there's no more nacho
cheese up in my heart began I'll see you
later bye
