good morning guys
so what is that we saw earlier I went to
a coffee shop and chilled and it was
awesome and blessings got acai bowls I
was just and we're back in Portland
today I'm sorry it's really confusing
like about using frosted confusing it
for us no city ruins you're probably
like wait where are you oh it's windy
yes just got an acai bowl do you want to
get something for later
seriously this looks so good I'm so
excited
going to the best go to the best schools
jinda Vinson hey guys update time so
we're on the bus we were getting ready
Nikki's here it looks beautiful you just
leave like that and they are currently
filming a video so we're actually going
to be filming right now with logging so
when you guys watch their video you like
yo we were kinda their ETA and threose
behind the scene but why
been on the bus they never have a front
of it that's so sure like reflecting off
the building boom make a Sun and my hair
actually stood from yesterday still so
names gonna put some dry shampoo nuts
maybe like holiday honestly honestly I
hate doing heat to it when I don't have
to eat them
ya know chicken everyone was having so
much boom trigger because you guys are
amazing
actually I need to show them the back of
the bus the first hand witness rings boo
chicken so good three Titans right
Nikki tells the secret I wear smoky eyes
all the time I never wear normal wine I
got this boom
not really okay guys so this is the back
of the tour bus there's so many amazing
like gifts and presents you guys did not
have to I feel like I say this a lot but
I really want you to know like I never
expect you guys to like bring anything
like that you never have to ever ever
ever one of my favorite things ever is
when you guys just know me so well like
gummy worms and boom chicka pop is
taking over this bus it is so awesome
and amazing
I'm opening presents in you guys this is
so cute it's a mug that says max babies
there's gummy worms or Starbucks there's
Disneyland YouTube there's khlomoney so
cute thank you guys look at this is this
crazy this isn't even half not even
kidding this is crazy eyes like
physically cannot eat all this I mean I
would love to eat all this but I feel
like I might gain a few pounds if I do
oh my gosh a better food to go meet up
guys someone literally got me the
biggest bag of gummy worms I think I've
ever seen but I'm gonna eat some right
now yes oh my gosh and of course I'm
like picking out the blue and pink ones
are my favorite one guys okay so we are
currently going to Walmart we're doing a
Walmart run to get some stuff and it's
my turn you pick out next assemble we're
doing but I feel like I'm kind of
cheating because I was you target
adventures but this log is gonna be
Walmart adventures the car roasted
garlic hummus
first thing this is Rob is it to her
manager
explain what you do I babysit like that
that's awesome
okay good love it not Santa Santa
can I get some okay
update cart is getting full I'm
hopefully I'm doing a decent job yes yes
yes thoughts am i killing it okay
Walmart Adventure anything else would I
forgot my is your cereal we have milk
we have smoothie stuff we have fruits we
have water the granola bars chips and
salsa I was literally went through every
single aisle um okay so I think we're
done
amazing about now
okay I think we got it and now we shall
pay mr. most example I am most excited
food for this oh my gosh so much dude
hey guys
and I just want to end today's vlog I
think liked it now see you around and I
love you
