good morning San Francisco
good morning world so it is both like
afternoon ish and we are exploring in
the city we owe it so loud we're going
to get some food we're going to Dottie's
it has really good reviews on Yelp and
you know you'll never lie okay so at
some good estimate breakfast but it's
definitely like lunch time but luckily
Zamorin cheaply so we got our food order
to someone but hi guys how is it so good
so good and then I wanted to kind of
make my own little like tortillas salsa
thing I don't really know and then I was
like oh well I kinda want some fruit too
so I got a side of fruit and I don't
know how I'm gonna eat all this but it
all I'm making my own little mini
burrito
we are currently on CBS and we were
getting some snacks oh that was
backwards one more house we are getting
some snacks tonight is the Bachelorette
finale
I believe so we're gonna watch it we
wanted to get some snacks gummy worms
aren't them and honey boom chicka pop go
a little sad about that but at school
again kind of ratchet ish my hair my
like yeah yeah wanted to sleep and this
morning and then Tiffany had to leave
preciate a flight she's actually flying
to Minneapolis or something like that
Giada leave early but yeah it's our last
day San Fran wanted to do some fun
touristy stuff really want to get some
pictures today day is me as an actual
birthday so we're gonna probably get
some dinner
have fun engines so sorry don't hate me
so we got some goods heck yes yes
heck yeah so excited it is a little bit
later we sent it know what we finished
getting ready yeah and we are going to
adventure outs and it allows you to pay
me ladies get some pictures hopefully
we love our street like the zig zag wine
dinner for me birthday happy birthday
thank you the Apple and real great it
lonely asked him great whiting green
apple Dunstan who else loves these like
doors the revolving doors they're so
legit we're here yeah it's a little cold
long windy that's cool look oh that's
good I'm trying to get a picture of I
don't want community pictures on this
place so we decided to walk around a
little bit and find maybe some cute
places take some pictures yes the park
thing is under renovation so sucks but
that's ok pretty scene like in this city
there fell I look like an oompa loompa
birds like I was somewhere hello I'm
taking over the block oh this camera so
smooth hello I'm Remy by the way nice
nice to meet you don't know me
I try and cover up the wind hopefully
you can hear better ooh we've got some
behind-the-scenes photo shoot going on I
don't think that was correct English but
work it work yes yes this is great we've
had some sweet Mac babies coming up
along the road here yelling at Alicia
yeah we've got some ticks over here
again oh there's a beautiful Sun like
shot what does that look a lens Clarence
what about Holly where's Raven round two
we just went over and saw the pans
ladies and now we're about to go walk
down that windy road called Lombard
Street
alright bye can this really like cute I
don't know I guess it's kind of really
big for house we were taking pictures
there and right now we're actually on
Lombard Street and we're going to go to
the zig zagging it's literally like
right there so that's kind of cool
oh it's so cute our cute I don't know
it's cool it's gorgeous
and we're walking I wonder like how this
came about you know yeah we made it to
the bottom it seriously so cool it's
mojo
where to now guys do we want dinner yeah
we didn't clean up for this Italian or a
little Italy and I tell you to count it
so good that we're getting
got angel hair pasta with marinara sauce
and this looks like the best pasta I
think I've ever had in my life
thank you so much hey guys so this is
the best lighting and luckily everyone's
in frame yes it is yeah day two and I
think I'm going to combine this vlog
because I don't know what what it she
got the workers and we leave today go
back home so really for the airport a
little over an hour got some coffee I'm
so excited
hey guys so we are back at the hotel and
we are currently about to leave to go to
the airport catch our flight yeah I'm
sad to leave in Oakland here we go here
we go
here on our way to the airport we don't
want to leave
when there's no Starbucks and your
really nice place we're looking for way
Oh game where the store is on teamwork
knocking you're headed on the flight
what's up King in here yeah
they know
Oh
had to say because she had a live chat
thing to do so she booked a flight later
but she's gonna come over later but
she's not here if you're wondering what
the best part about playing Bertram you
wanna hear
Malden
Oh
hey guys so we are back at Mia's
apartment : Mia are walking Ken right
now but I just wanted to say it thank
you guys so so so so freaking much I got
off the plane and I realized that I had
hit four million subscribers oh my god
like I am so mind blown I am like I know
I say this every single like milestone
and you guys I don't know take I'm sure
it looks like it's like redundant but
like literally I can't I literally I
can't I can't fathom those numbers like
that that many people care to subscribe
to my channel I'm about to get deeper
look but I just think of actually
growing up in like middle school in high
school how I literally felt invisible
and how like no one knew me to think
that so many people care about me like I
don't like that sounds so weird I don't
know like you guys really do mean the
world to me and I know a lot of
youtubers say that but I really really
really really mean nothing like I've
grown so much and you guys have to help
me grow grow grow know what what guys
have helped me grow so much and I wanna
say thank you so much for 4 million
subscribers think that 5 million is next
is even more insane and like thanks guys
internet hug what are you just thinking
of so many videos like so many old
videos like pop in my head and like and
it says love King on it and then I got
these sweatpants my sister and I moved
out if you did not know I recently hit a
million subscribers fine I'm gone yeah I
know I know
starting my youtube channel I had no
idea what would come out of it seriously
if any of you want to have a youtube
channel or if you want to do anything in
life like freakin do it you can do it
don't let anyone stop you and this if
you're looking for a sign or a push
maybe you need a push like this is that
for you like just do it like no one is
stopping you do it cuz you love it and
and yes and that's my motivational deep
speech right now okay hey guys so
expensive end and this vlog of setting
it right now we are having a good night
yeah
Ruby's like yeah and it'll be good and
I'll see you tomorrow
newbie
