you
okay time so we are currently at Vista
house which is really cool like lookout
point as you can see I'm so pretty it's
so pretty seriously it's so gorgeous
we're dead Oh entity third oh this is my
yeah we almond we went to school
together so he's showing us around I'm
gonna Portland Oregon yay land up the
green clearly and now we're gonna go
okay this place is so pretty this is
what it looks like if you can ha it
seriously so pretty like the Sun coming
through
oh and then there's a bridge over there
that we're gonna go to came up to the
fruit
exciting at the time we've been hiking
and what is it please God
wani on test one ear Tony on juanio tear
falls we just climbed all of this this
is only one side of it it was intense I
made it I swear the camera does no
justice our feet are wet it's cool it's
so pretty as I'm standing it this
beautiful whatever this is this is so
pretty
hey exploring organ oh I feel like I'm
in Jurassic Park Oh chilly
at least I might accept that like I
can't general my healthy no that is
chilly
I said chilling I thought it's real
chilly like super chilly
this is so cute they brought a raft that
is adorable
it's adorable ok so this is the deepest
part here we go
ha oh my god oh my god
oh it does get this is legit
you have to hike over there so any yes
here we got some icecream
why'd you get salted caramel is it bomb
it's really i got mint chocolate it
oh hey guys so we are back at the I was
s the apartment nope we're back at the
hotel but we're actually leaving right
now we made a nail appointment because I
need an edge on my nails done so bad and
then after that I think we're just gonna
get some dinner hang out today was so
much fun
huge shout out to Serge for taking us um
through or Osmos a portland and organ
together and it came out weird mark
getting our nails doing you what color
you get a good maybe black so many done
it was really really really good i don't
know if you can see this but this is
literally the best my nails have been in
a really long time so I'm excited about
that yeah and then I got a pedicure
that's good a pedicure and a mannequin
so you're headed to get some dinner and
then I think we're gonna go to voodoo
Jonah probably one of the most famous
like food things and Portland called
free to join us apparently it's better
than California donut so we'll see about
that
look where we are
and I don't go
okay guys we got donut so we're
literally was like maybe ten minutes
it's less yeah it's definitely worth it
it was really good
well I'll let you know it's really good
a chocolate one and a maple one I'm
excited it's our last night here in
Portland we have to leave tomorrow
morning to go to Seattle to excited to
go to Seattle I've never been there
never been to Washington so I am excited
for that but I am set to lead ash well
I'm sad for you to leave me yes for me
haha it just is gonna be our last target
adventure for a very long time together
ahead a month anyway I needed some like
little things like a man hook some tape
and I figured you know what I probably
need some other stuff like I don't have
hairspray I haven't had hairspray this
whole trip yeah just want to make a
quick target run because it was right
across because it was right near our
hotel and yes my client I need hair ties
where's just your average these ones
yeah I do
that looks perfect look split her in
yeah I think that'll work I don't want
like too big of one you know oh you know
now I need what do I need oh no did I
really comfortable in systems meet
hairspray really bad so let's see if
they giving q-tips I didn't bring so
much stuff
yay getting stuff yay literally took
forever to find communiques
and their five percent of that is great
need doo doo doo doo doo doo doo did it
dun dun dun dun dun duh okay I think I
got everything
hopefully it is it really says too much
also again needed I just want to make
sure because this might be the last time
we'll be out of target in a long family
oh there's candy guys this stuff is so
cute look it it's an eraser that says
oops it was adorable and look at the DIY
yes DIY yeah impromptu target haul done
- done and done
so we got some body wash we got some
travel shampoos and conditioner we got
some shaving cream bomb hair spray a
loofah some command hooks hair ties
q-tips and some batteries Mario and I
hope that you liked that target haul yes
the pig eyes so I just wanted to end it
tonight's vlog is currently 11
twenty-something and we're supposed to
be in the lobby at 6:30 a.m. so I think
I side so this vlogs will probably get
up later tomorrow I normally would edit
it right now really tired so I'm gonna
go to bed um but yeah I love you guys so
so so so much now see you guys next time
and yes bye say bye to ash you want here
for a while oh my god
