hey guys what is up and welcome to this
vlog which is here right now yes I am in
a hotel room and it's probably like so
confused right now so basically our next
shows in Seattle but we have a few days
off so we are in Portland for a few days
and Ashley doesn't have school so I was
like hey ash you should fly up and um
hang out with me but I did yeah we're
here for three days
Portland we're here for three days and
be fun we've never been in a city and
I've heard so much good things about a
city so hard I'm good thing about the
coffee yeah and he's been talking umm
but yeah that's going on and want to
tell you guys start taste blog I'm
currently trying to edit yesterday's
vlog as well as the main channel video
that I'm hoping to get up later tonight
I know I'm just I've been off I'm just I
don't even know but it's okay fresh
start
yes okay Sunni hey that's good on and
I'm gonna start getting ready because I
am NOT ready we're all gonna go out to
lunch which I'm really excited for I
think they said Mexican food which help
right now let's find my makeup it's so
pretty here hello Portland oh I
literally made such a mess oh my gosh
okay so right my room I'm like I'm so
used to having to put my suitcases away
from the bust where I was just so
excited to be able to leave it out
everywhere I stopped doing my hair but I
think it's time to go so I'm just gonna
like try to make it look decent
maybe curl like this front piece is done
let me know if you the same because same
time where's severide right now
Hey so we are in Portland eating at the
same time it's like football but usually
places are like Santeria and everything
on this menu but I'm so excited so
they're open till 2:00 a.m. that is
great to know and we just found out
Nikki actually took my camera so you
guys a little Nick Nick off take over
everyone is we got our food we have the
same thing as always walking for meaning
it oh no
we are shopping in urban outfitters and
they have the cutest like apartment
section I've ever seen so cute
such cute stone so Nikki and I have got
some very light we can put in our bunk
we can it get all cute and whatnot we
got some stuff now I think we're going
to go to another boutique and we'll just
be away what we do have bed
so just in shopping and now we are going
to go to salt & straw just really big
ice cream please I really just mostly
want coffee and I don't know we're gonna
do after thing though I'm tired that we
need coffee I'm really tired but I don't
want like go in the hotel yeah I mean at
least a few pictures yeah like it is one
picture this is so cute I can't care for
the dogs doors closed
we seriously love Portland so much it is
so nice here it's my cute little street
with so many boutiques and shopping and
stuff we love it we are going to blue
stone
it's like surprisingly really good got
some coffee
so Nikki and I are here in the donut
shop and Ashley's not by taking pictures
of us when we're going there's still
places little knickknacks so Nikki and I
are going to decorate our bunks we found
these like really cute poster things
we're gonna put them at our bums I'm so
excited I may get a little a little one
of these too
we got some stuff I'm really excited to
decorate my bunk now I already have my
bedding but I wanted to like add light
and like all that stuff and now we're
going to do it so I'm really kind of for
that I think we're gonna be heading back
to the hotel tune hey guys update time
so as you time unbelievably comfy laying
in bed I did a face mask and we've been
having an editing party I edited and
uploaded a vlog oh my gosh you guys are
like freaking out that like I uploaded
August on almost 10 days which is
unbelievable for me Nikki's here Ashlee
Tierra has been editing and yeah I'm
working on the video I was hoping to get
up today but it didn't get up stayed so
it will definitely go up tomorrow but
yeah I just want to make sure it's all
good we have a post mate coming to
deliver some dinner
hashtag MacLeish this is for you we just
do it okay sameen start adapting you
guys and it's a pretty weak
I'll give a
