oh yeah
good morning everyone he adds good to
see you I haven't seen you in so long
I thought it feels like I guess are you
in Hawaii I did see you last week but I
get what you mean
so we are currently I got a lot to see
some good got a lot I'm also not an
devotee only person we are planning out
some video this video is my plea for
Jimmer next week as most you know that
means I have to have six videos ready to
go
while I'm gone so we have a lot filling
Tuesday tomorrow I'm excited I'm up for
the challenge
we gotta just go and rip that that's the
N in my dad's here
hi dad missed you missed you from the
Hawaii vlog Finnick Starbucks is
blueberry oatmeal is so bad you guys
need to try it so so good
there's a sim there is a stent oh wait
oh no oh no it is now 10 a.m. exactly
what my book probably tells no I'll do
my hair like anyways we are done here
and I'm really excited I think I've got
everything figured out for the most part
and sing better I'm actually really glad
about all the videos I'm excited and
yeah this next thing is gonna be so
freakin crazy because we have a shoot
for guidance on Friday we have two
orders all weekend and then our three
shows next week tonight okay see some
crazy night leave and I'm gone for the
only ways I'm gonna go home I have a
blog that needs to get public right now
so oh wait wait a minute for my phone
update guys we are now at Target we need
to get some things because it was
literally right across the street we're
like we should we should probably put
all matta focus me we're at Target now
we had needed a few things from here and
I also needed a teddy bear for a video
that I'm really excited for I don't know
where teddy bears I guess I'd be in the
toys on keep the toy section we need
like a I know that mr. snow game bear
yeah that's a big teddy bear like a
quality ten bear I'm spinach
just done where are they so freaking
good come back come back the gods back
to school section I'm in love I love it
I don't oh wait there's some down there
too you do you like the big ones or look
at this can't help you don't know what's
gonna happen
hey we be chillin in my bedroom cuz we
chillin in my bedroom what yes we are
filming a scene look what actually this
one is actually for this weekend's video
so you guys should see this why is this
camera not focusing oh my gosh it's
getting so annoying I feel like I need
to get a new camera like I love this
here when I first got it but now it's
like being so annoying I feel like every
other youtuber kind of has been saying
the same thing hi miss Cano we up here
uh uh here babe you want up hibbett oh
yeah hi little one oh we missed you so
much I missed you babe hey I miss Kaew
we got some boom chicka the sweet
barbecue popcorn pretty dang good you
guys should try it I still like the
kettle corn way better so yeah we're
gonna fill the scene real quick right
now black works can be something
all day so hope you guys loved this
behind the scenes yes whoo what is up
guys
so hello straight hair I feel like and I
think I straightened my I go through
phases straighten my hair everyday and
then I go through phases where I curl my
hair every day for like two months
does that make any sense yeah
straightening is so much easier but I
feel like it just I touch it too much
that really bugs me okay hey guys so
we're filming we got stuff done already
which is a person we have some other
stuff to type so sorry I'm like we did
some stuff and now we have more stuff to
do that's great that's great Alicia
that's that's not even beneficial to
hear a my battery's flashing great well
we're about to have an intro right now
and which one this yeah we're about to
film an intro right now as then I'm
gonna film I think I'm gonna film
another intro after that because it's
already set up and like why not and yeah
you'll still feel feel low-key
changed outfits for the next intro don't
judge me
honestly like every youtuber does that
any time they like film different intros
it just like change their topper outfit
or something but I went all out change
the hair change choker change shirt same
shorts though some fling up anywhere
hold up
highlight dog they're right there
oh also my dad went to pick up some
Panera for us for lunch I'm so excited
weren't maneras sounds really good okay
and everyone always says my eyebrows are
like different like once dark than the
other
it happens with the windows on one side
but not the other side ready for the dun
dun dun dun dun oh my gosh they're even
now dun dun dun dun dun dun dun ah one's
way dark I'm dun dun dun dun Thursday
okay I'm yeah we have some food and I'm
really excited yes I sure can - mmm oh
snap
a sandwich and that's the log and just
do this all the time I'll get a salad
from somewhere and when I eat it at home
most like add stuff that I already had
like I just added tomatoes I'm adding
I'm Jesse oh my god Chloe's in her
teepee
oh my god I can't I can't this is the
second time Lily hi big pretty cold
she's laying down give me about gimme
phone picture vlog camera take over
don't mind her looking like a goddess
and look awful huh don't mind it um we
made a friend today a target didn't push
it honey man guys I love him love him
we have to kill him ah-ha ashin I have a
problem where we feel we feel
compassionate for an atom an object for
instance like if we see like a teddy
bear that's about to get slaughtered if
people really felt like we'll cry but
it's not like it's a thing or a person
same with movies that cry and movies all
the time to be little oh he's just
looking at me
are you guys like this too because same
we feel bad buy another one
what good is well-being their zone blah
pink belly little him cuz I knew this
moment would come all these kind of more
soccer enough love love we could
stitching that go home
poor guy rest in peace mr. teddy bears
and Pete's mr. burger but I'm gonna
absentee cuz that sounds a real good
wait I had a glass I think this is my
mom seriously show freaking good of them
yeah
oh shoot I'm just kidding ma'am s-sorry
hey guys I just want to end this vlog
doing a lot a lot of editing um and we
went and got dinner and steps now we're
just chillin watching some TV and I went
in the spot before I forget and before I
fall asleep so I love you guys so so so
so so much and I'll see you guys
tomorrow with new vlog and yeah I love
you thing
