good morning guys
Coffee time so don't know if you noticed
but we decided to move it the Coffee
corner over here because I feel like
lighting is so much better over here
yeah literally like just decided boom
and 2018 new year new coffee corner we
got a computer ok plan Guyot this
blogger rough-cut i said you like a
little extra extra step know it shout
out to teryn for getting me one of the
best Christmas present ever
freaking love ok let's get this log up
hopefully I can do this like 30 ish
minutes wish me luck
so absolute time it's been a I've been a
hot second vlog is currently exporting
but I have to show you guys this oh I'm
show you I had to make a new in slate if
you guys saw yesterday's vlog you would
know that I have a new end slate for my
vlogs and I really really like it like
it's super cute so here's the story I
was editing this vlog I realized Alicia
you don't have a new insulate put this
together and I actually really like I
think it's one of my favorite inflates
that I've ever made I really like it
Konoe high-beam they look so pretty this
morning so this is a little setup we got
going on look you don't mind this song
my mics broken I got a new one but this
is a broken wind so we had to like tie
it to make it work that's so but yeah
Wow vlog is finally up only took like
two hours
look it's 11 it's currently 1101 am
anyways we need to reheat on some coffee
and I think we uh we should go put some
makeup on let's go put some makeup on
okay a little to set up and everything
let me find all my makeup honestly and I
think we're just gonna watch some
YouTube videos while we get ready should
be good
and make this done and hair is done a
woops I realized how much I only get
ready for like videos and vlogging and
stuff all last week I think get ready at
all there's actually a little too poufy
right now chill can you can you chill at
all so I am totally wearing this shirt I
wore yesterday
don't judge me yeah I just what the only
thing you know anyways we're about to
film week guys 2018 what so pumped so
excited seriously ordered so much new
equipment got new tripod got a new mic
got some new lights did I rhyme I kind
of did so pretty freaking excited to
start filming awesome you guys I haven't
shown you I kind of did some
redecorating also my hold on my new room
my new room when I got rid of all the
Christmas stuff it was just a little sad
because there was it was pretty empty in
here brought back these pillows got a
new blanket but low-key guys do not
recommend this it is like the weirdest
thing I don't know I saw on Instagram
and I just like so expensive and it's
like I don't know I just not a fan it's
cute though I had this clothing rack
downstairs but you guys know I've had it
for a while now and I decided that I
wanted it in my bedroom just because I
feel like I really wanted to get
inspired with outfits and stuff I want
to start dressing up a little more
everyday not like everyday but like you
know daily cleaning of the lint so yeah
we got this little corner going on over
here whoo so really like that so I
ordered a new new bedspread and I have a
pillow coming so yeah I don't know what
I can't tell if it's my makeup or my
hair maybe it's my part I think it's my
hair I don't know I'm not really liking
who I look today outfit of the day just
a shirt that I wore yesterday from
forever 21 so I pants that are too big
I'm PacSun testing testing hello guys
um hi guys you guys I'm clearly haven't
done this and in a hot minute Tina I am
back I'm fully excited just for this
year and for uploading and yes I'm on my
blog channel I upload a lot of videos
pretty dang regularly on there I'm just
my life you know a little behind the
scenes like what you're seeing right now
I'm obsessed with this clothing rack I
just changed all the hangers might be a
sneak peek for this week's video
but I just want to show you guys cuz I
love it
you got coffee oh I feel like if I pick
oh what does it say - eat then dominate
y'all oh my gosh cheating on Starbucks
tell me why this just goes with the
whole like aesthetic of the room you
know hey you ready guys ready 1 2 3 oh
why do I always make that 1 2 3 a so
beautiful
look at that oh just freaking Oh bless
your soul - anytime yes okay good news
we are killing it on the filming I feel
very pumped and I love every shot we're
getting quality filming going on over
here problem is is it's taking a lot
longer but I'm glad because one of my
goals for 2018 was to only upload
content that I absolutely loved so I'm
making sure that I love every single
freaking shot yeah you guys want a
little behind the scenes yeah that one
oh good I think the drop was perfect you
guys I never do stuff like this um I've
developed a new obsession
I've always loved stationary but not I
like oh stationary you guys know I've
always loved highlighters and that kind
of stuff I've become obsessed with my
journal and my agenda so I have it the
biggest stationary haul ever does I ever
die so I just really quickly wanted to
go through and show you guys because I'm
sure a lot of you guys would love to see
it everything that I got but first of
all this is the hero of this entire
thing I recently got a traveler's
notebook so I have a bullet journal in
here this thing has changed my life I am
so organized it's exciting to be
organized I freaking love this so open
it like this and you can put different
notebooks in here and like this is my
week I have like goals I can't I can't
this thing is amazing this is love so
cute I love this so much
highly recommend it since I've been
obsessed with it I've got a million
different things I'm learning
calligraphy by the end of this year
gonna be so good at it okay but
seriously if you guys want me to go or
do more videos like this like more
in-depth it's gonna go through all this
like show so quickly low key using the
blue paper from earlier cuz I'm like you
know what that's cute so this is the
travelers notebook it is I just love it
like you can put in whatever little
notebooks you want to put in here here's
my weakest I love doodling so I feel
like this is perfect for me obsessed
with this and then target came through
yesterday they had so much stuff and the
dollar section area let me show you guys
look at this notebook it says it says
things I'm likely to forget this is
probably like broken nail Lowell need to
get that fixed tonight needs don't judge
this is probably gonna go on my desk
have a little sticky note and some page
flag things so more sticky notes another
note set but like look at like aesthetic
yo three bucks dollar section low key
mainly got this because I really love
these paper clip leather flag things and
then target also had these really cute
little journals which I was gonna put in
my notebook like look how oh you know
it's a little big but that's okay this
one's like list and stuff I love all of
this oh and these pens then I got the
tombow pastel dual brush set pens
calligraphy man gonna try I suck right
now but I'll be good I promise I found
these at a random store but I got this
really cute little Kate Spade said
that's just like for your desk in office
and stuff I thought that was super cute
this is such a cute little like weekly
planner thing that you can just put on
your desk and rip off each page which I
really liked and then I bought a ton of
different washi tapes and stuff just to
like decorate the pages and this is
something I've actually had for a bit
Hart sent this a long time ago but I'm
kind of using it to hold a lot of
stickers and stuff so now that I hold
all this I'm gonna put all this in this
little notebook yeah yeah I hope you
liked this haul this was the most random
thing ever but I hope that you liked
this haul update time it's a little bit
later and well it's actually like a lot
later not gonna lie I finally got my
nails done I'm really excited cuz they
really really really really need it I'm
currently about to edit today's vlog the
one you're currently watching so I can
go up in the morning tomorrow is
actually a fun day so you guys should
get excited for that but anyways I'll
see you guys later
