hey guys oh sorry
hey guys what is up today is Tuesday I
believe July 19 heck yes so I it's 11:16
a.m. right now and I am editing
I'm currently exporting it yesterday's
vlog which means I'm like saving it so
that way I can get it ready to upload I
just have the thumbnail have to do for
that and yells morning I got up went the
gym took shower and then got a smoothie
really excited about that
pretty good I'm pretty good
Danis what's going on it's when she was
start the vlog for today because I felt
like yesterday's was a little short well
there I didn't love talking yeah just
wanted to start that boom make it was
done and I'm currently eating some
strawberries fun-packed strawberries are
my favorite fruit
they are seriously so good our question
of the day what is your favorite fruit
leave it in comments oh look who's here
glad for laughing that I can't help but
redo redo look who's here okay
anyways yes guys what up lighting is
pretty nice right now
no say boom pretty good yeah
Felicia up in here I in the past RV yeah
farm
but the good news is I actually is a
reward on that so I didn't even spend
any of my money which I mean like yeah
it sucks I still wasted it but it's not
like I waste money I just wasted a free
reward which I guess kind of translates
to money but you know what I mean I yeah
yeah well I still drink it I don't know
we shall see
so update we have just watching young
and hungry for the past like two or
three hours not even kidding I curled my
hair today I'm like man I shouldn't have
because I feel like it was pointless to
girls today we are gonna go get our
nails done I'm going to get a pedicure
deciding if I want to get a Phil oh
means what color are you going to get
okay I'm getting a pedicure much-needed
we are grocery shopping yes we are there
it goes
guys we're starting today's vlog and I
just wanted to say hi
so hey without to make some lunch I'm
extremely hungry how to shoot most the
day today so so it was really fun and it
was really exciting but it's also
extremely extremely exhausting I'm so
tired I have a headache but I think I
just need food um so we're gonna make
some lunch and yeah honestly the rest of
the day is gonna be like a good veg Dage
I'm hoping to get this vlog up so it's
fun to start she's fun Hey look oh we're
good hmm update so I was thinking um
that I should do something different I
haven't done in a while
I feel like a sit down video oh no
actually I was opposed to think about
this vlog Mel it's like there's like no
footage sis what can I do that's
different that I haven't done a lot I
was like whoa I'm gonna do what's in my
purse what's him up backpacks
actually I've been using this backpack
for the longest time now at the purse
let's see what's inside and this is
legit what is inside I excited I'm
excited I'm really excited we're gonna
start in the first pocket okay so in
here there's a lot of receipts Mia's
keys to her apartment front goals have a
dollar some Splenda a little clip a
tampon and more Splenda in there what
this is like the fastest books in your
backpack I've ever seen right I have my
like keychain wallet thing honestly
Lori's might have this because I'm too
lazy to have a bigger wallet because I
switched my purses around a lot and this
just fits in all of them so it's nice to
like probably like that also I have a
Nissan Sentra and his name is Henry you
should name your car if you have one or
um let me know your car's name in the
comments of this video that's what I
want to know and if you don't have a
name for your car you should feel really
bad don't discriminate against the those
cars are friends not machine phone
charger
lots of papers for a secret project than
Morgan gained more paper
another tampon actually there's so many
tampons in here let's just do that right
now
what's funny is I'm not even a jerk by
wise and I was prepared oh man I had
coffee can you tell rechargeable battery
for my phone Mia showed me this it
literally has like five or six charges
for your phone which is amazing and
heavenly recommend to the world Larabars
these are actually some of my favorite
ones the peanut butter chocolate chips
Larabar is amazing it's so so so so good
I got these from you guys at Target have
you tried fun it's really good so you
guys should try - looks like that go get
it go try it it's amazing some gum which
I actually took from you this morning
but is it old probably because I took a
piece and it was very like this what I
was like mmm hope I should have a
perfume thing have two necklaces that
are tangled together more papers we have
some pens and pencils and highlighters
highlighter highlighter two pens and a
Kylie lip kit and then another pen
makeup compact this is a Mac Studio Fix
powder this was the very first Mac
product I've ever bought ever and it
sticked like one of my like favorite
things in the entire world a memory card
because you know your true youtuber when
you have memory cards randomly and your
purse I think that is everything put in
mind my burst yes so this is everything
we got lots of tampons Kylie lip kit
some makeup keys vlog camera which I'm
currently using right now is usually end
this all the time as well as my phone
that's kind of what I carry with me most
the time yeah nothing so that concludes
Alicia's episode of what is in her purse
lush backpack and I hope that you like
this because if you didn't I'm very
sorry and I apologize for me not
entertaining you what am I even saying
enough okay
okay so I need to tell you something so
first thing I've had a lot of coffee
right now I'm kind of hyper to me adjust
me I just made a list of things that she
wants to get done by August 1st August
1st is her birthday so this is what I
did
I'll show we see she said things to do
by August 1st donate so close and I put
have fun cuz it's your birthday that's
what I did
yep that is me right there so we're
gonna see how long till she notices so
weird
Oh white like why do I have friends you
ever wonder that are you ever like why
do I have friends cuz same boy I lost my
coffee and then I remember I heated up
microwave memes are you going to do so
close what what is it it's robot do it
whatever do it ah yo what mother so
don't mind me adding some low sugar in
bed this isn't my normal um
kettle okay is the purple bag because
when is the lightly lightly sweet
popcorn and it's pretty good - very good
oh Ken your pop horrible always blame
the dog I'm an egg ain't not an egg hey
you beautiful yellow yo G notice finally
oh my gosh I apologize for how like
ridiculously annoying I wasn't it's look
I just edited it edited
everything that just finished editing
this vlog and I was like Alicia you're
so hyper Paul James guys anyways I just
wanted to end this vlog I hope that you
guys liked it and I will see you most
likely tomorrow with another vlog and
yup yeah I'll see you editor I love you
babe
