good morning world how are you guys
doing yeah so today is Monday it is I
believe the eighteenth row oh no sir
just put dry shampoo in my hair because
I was about to curl it so I was like mmm
shut up so mater is crazy so I was
really excited because last night I
actually thought I had a shoot today
what I happen tomorrow so I was really
excited to like have another free day
and stuff DM Nia actually left she's
gonna be back in like maybe a two hours
ish and then after that we're gonna film
be productive this morning it uploaded a
vlog hey I fear it is definitely go
watch it it is living with youtubers and
young speaking of I feel like I've had a
lot of people asking questions um lately
because they're like why are you in LA
so much what's going on
so yeah I have some news well one I've
been out here I'm staying with Mia
so Ashlee's been gone she was in Estonia
Sweden and then right now she's actually
in Iceland with teryn so that's why I
haven't really been living at home cuz
I'm like oh well I might as well be out
here with Mia Chloe's at my parents so
on top of that I've actually been needed
to be out here because I've been doing
lots of shoots and stuff can't say
everything quite yet but I can't tell
you some exciting news I'm actually
gonna be um what am I gonna sing or not
okay you actually have a small role in
guidance season 2 which if you guys
don't know that it's a show a web series
from awesomeness TV last years is really
good and this year's is going to be so
so so good you guys don't even know the
past two weeks that's what I've really
been doing and I'm so excited I will not
say like it is so good yeah I have a
small role in it I'm not going to tell
you the character that I play but um
it's really really really really good so
script is amazing and I keep just saying
it like it I was like literally so
interested rate when we were doing the
table readings I was literally like so
interested in what was gonna happen next
I was literally like like what's
happening like it was so good so I'm
really excited not sure when that's
coming out yeah I just haven't time for
you guys to see it mostly just because
again this is like the actual script and
show is gonna be really brief really
good oh I'm so good yeah that's why I my
schedules been kind of crazy lately
because I've been literally there all
day and that's why I haven't been
vlogging too much
obviously I can't blog much on set don't
want to give anyway hashtag spoilers I
just wanted to update you guys at that I
know a lot of you have been like where
are your vlogs and I'm like I started
trying so that's one thing and then
again I'll let you guys know when the
other thing which is actually like kind
of really cool kinda really cool I've
been working on guidance I've been
working out and then this week I'm
working on another really really
exciting thing that like my childhood
self is like kind of mind blown that I
will definitely share with you the
second that I can and I've also been
working on tours stuff so if you've been
living under a rock
I've been going on tour so you guys can
meet me and other youtubers all over the
country plus Toronto I'm so excited
about how the link in the damn bar where
you can buy tickets so definitely go buy
tickets been discussing the show like
what its gonna look like and it's gonna
be a really good chef you've been to
like a youtuber show gonna be good yeah
just lots of exciting stuff in my life
right now and I've like I'm excited that
I get to share it with you guys arm is
so tired from blogging right now oh my
god okay so I have three things going on
on top of making youtube videos and then
on top of vlogs so there's just like a
lot you like haven't been so busy but
it's like a good bit you know what I
mean it's excited for the future I am
such a strong real talk well let's get
deep I'm such a strong believer and like
go for your dreams like if you want to
be a musician if you want to be an
actress if you want to be a doctor like
whatever it is go for it like just do it
like no one's stopping you and I feel
like so many times majority of people
like just like don't even try because
they feel like it's unrealistic you want
to do something a hundred percent go do
it and don't let anyone stop you even if
it's your family even if it's anyone
like whatever your heart like just do
whatever you were supposed to do
obviously we have talents for a reason I
don't know I'm just like venting right
now I'm sorry like this month I've
really been pushing myself with things
that I feel like a little uncomfortable
like I'm like oh like I'm nervous you
know I mean and like I feel like that's
really good to constantly challenge
yourself and push yourself who wants to
be comfortable like you don't mean like
you want to be doing stuff where you're
like dude I did that I'm rambling so
whole song sold so much life talks with
Lita that's what's going on right now oh
hey guys this is like awkwardly a little
too short stuff to like come up here
Kendra's what's wrong what happened tell
them what happened and how to go to the
vet the other day because got an
infection on his paw and apparently it's
really common guess where the coat
shame it so is that that's so sad and
are you soon and on top of it
I totally like pulled a muscle my next
yesterday or I think I slept funny
so get hurt what I owe don't cute okay
look you just spent like 30 minutes
laying down right here taking a million
snapchat so I'm gonna show you guys my
story right now you need to follow me on
snapchat if you aren't because this yeah
ready meal arecia
literally go watch my last video guys
I'm so excited with how it turned out
you need to go watch it sleep all day me
walking with a a really cool floor so
that I'd show you it ah use my link use
my link use my link just like type this
and you'll browser Oh looking fierce and
then Bing bored oh my god I was dying at
this one there's so many funny like
things do you see this right now go you
should go at me on snapchat Lita Lou 11
always in the description whoa yo okay
you know what I think I want to wash
like a show or TV or somethin like that
sounds great I have a camera blossom I
actually sat down and like watch TV
update time so I finished getting ready
for the most part actually in real
clothes I want the I did my hair but in
reality I just like put it up a little
bit so it looked like I did my ear cuz I
really didn't do my hair but me and I
are gonna go on get some pictures and
yeah thank you
yeah I think we discussed alfred's t cuz
neither of us have been there and yeah
should be fun
should be fun here we go
finally once Alberti and it sorry Alfred
T it was so cute I got the strawberry
honey Bush T is kind of carbonated I was
not expecting that but it's really good
the good really good names would you get
Earl Grey milk tea with buh buh buh buh
okay look in the scene of a V log with
memes what said behind the scenes of a V
log with me hey guys so I was editing my
blog right now and I realized I didn't
end it and I'm so sorry I really like
hate when that someone my pet peeves is
when like I don't end vlog so I'm so
sorry so I just wanted to end it um
thank you so much for watching and I'll
see you guys tomorrow
aka today for me another vlog but yeah I
love you baby
