good morning guys how are you doing I
just wanted to say hi and start my vlog
because it's brand new day it's
beautiful and it's sunny and it's great
today I caught up but today I'm digging
it up got up around 9:00 ish and I've
been editing because hashtag Malaysia is
going up in t-minus one hour mostly done
editing so I'm really excited we're just
chillin um and yes and yeah I just
ordered some food I'm really excited
about it Mia showed me Cafe Gratitude
nook kind of been obsessed with lately I
got it last night and not kidding I'm
definitely probably going to get it
again later let's see um I got some
crunch I got some french toast it
doesn't look like french toast but I
swear it is and smells really really
good
mmm oh my gosh
oh it's still good whew I'm better bum
bum bum bum bum taste test let's do it
mmm still editing right now is currently
11:30 9 a.m. we said it would go up
around like 12:00 so it should for the
most part everyone's like 1 hour left
meme almost set yay I have one I'm just
trying to work on my intro right now
other than that I'm definitely done I'm
gonna so do you guys gonna like it new
videos up go watch you guys if you
haven't yet although I'm sure a lot of
you have if you are oh wait this is one
with your birds be ready for this
yeah I'm so excited it's currently at
125 our day is like half over already
but that's usually how up lights up late
what usually how upload days go think
I'm gonna go down to Starbucks
maybe I'm get someone good yes because
I'm that name's Ronnie let's change some
real clothes cuz I'm rockin the PJs
right now yes oh I put makeup on and
it's something so far hey yeah so that's
going on I can really go that the videos
up it's doing really well you guys
really really like it was makes you
excited and happy spelling up okay so I
throw on some real clothes and I think
we're gonna head down get some coffee
right now bring it back up and I have
the whole day ahead of us you don't know
what's gonna happen
hey stealing a cookie from what I made
last night got to me the reality of our
lives like mmm I literally got the one
with the most chocolate chips because
I'm that person
let me know if you're like that too we
got the goods hear me making me look
like I'm such a slob no you're fine
hitomi you're welcome
editing dates are rough okay yeah you
enjoy focus please on my face right here
so I like to change it up and I got the
peach iced tea green tea peach ice cream
tea lemonade I think peach green
something like that
hey guys still update time I'm now at
Jess's apartment
yeah ownership I'll go for it though I
was already to film before meeting
Alicia I'm gonna be like 2020 he's
literally minutes of filming and I turn
on the camera and it doesn't like turn
on and it freezes I was like sometimes
the other youtubers like worst nightmare
you have mine her setup looks like
beautiful so cute I love how you have
like purses hanging and stuff this is oh
my gosh yes but it's so random I love it
so she's gonna film and then we're gonna
get some food I'm gonna be good
oh wait I think time so now we are
chilling targets yeah okay so they have
this like place but attached to it
that's like like really go ahead and
like healthy foods up were like all
about that how are you what's your name
I need a li nice to meet you sorry like
we got my mother camera we're like the
head of the vlog every mood swings hi I
leave so yeah we got what you get I got
I guess we'll see about it mango a lot
of stuff like I hate for company I
should meet you I honestly wasn't paying
attention to what I was getting at
church like I want that I want that I
tried to make like a Mexican kind of
bowl thing doesn't it add it awful which
is like Greek really Mediterranean it'll
it's multi we got some food I totally
ate my already otherwise I would have
freaking like showed you it was really
good though it was really really good
I'm totally coming back here next time
I'm over good YUM and I was playing
Pokemon go but my phone died we're in
the middle of catching why you talk
about Pokemon go for a good good what
he's earning literally literally we're
such a nerd hey guys so I just realized
it's been a very long time since I've
updated you guys I didn't realize I
didn't vlog since I got home at Mia's
anyways we had a chill night just got
back from the gym
took a shower and now I'm going to bed
so I want to end it sorry it's a little
on the shorter side this blog but I'll
see you guys tomorrow with a new blog
and yes I love you guys
be ah
