hey guys good morning and what's today
what's today I don't know I never know
what data is figure out 26 say is it is
it is July 26 2016 again I'm currently
at Starbucks I'm going to oh why are you
focused on my cards whoa that's so trip
you guys can like see yourself in my
closet my moon all right Starbucks I'm
about to get some coffee for asinine we
are going to be filming today so get
excited for a behind the scenes of vlog
I'm really excited um I'm curious if you
can guess what this video is going to be
I'm filming different parts of two
videos today so it might be a little
confusing but there's one that you guys
love
I'm really excited really excited for
filming a couple scenes of that one it
today anyways let's go and yeah we got
the goods I'm very excited to have this
right now you don't even know hi I bet
heavy y'all welcome hi babe oh my gosh I
never showed you guys her TP look at
this is this not the cutest dog' house
you've ever seen is it Chloe
cuz you Ike hello e da one two three oh
my gosh yes it's so hot today if you saw
my snapchats like 101 out right now so
I'm so hot but my hair up it was like
mmm hey guys
also I'm starving I've barely eaten all
day so I'm gonna make some food right
now you guys is this Chloe's first time
going in her tepee and me - they're like
oh my god why you look so cute oh my
gosh oh
oh my god I can't I actually get I can't
anyways made some lunch avocado toast
and a salad and then I have crackers and
salsa because I miss my weakness yep
some building to do so I take off my
makeup I'm going to redo it right now
just because I felt like it was just
like like I just needed to redo it I
don't know if you guys are like that
sometimes I am so I got my glamour caddy
got my brushes got my normal set up
we're gonna put some makeup on this face
yo
Chlo feel like I need like a tripod or
something right here so I can set my
vlog camera while I do my XP guys here I
like to put you here that works although
I'm like a hunch little like hunchback
thing okay comfy are gonna do our makeup
what gonna do damn it's good oh my gosh
I just got concealer all up in my eye I
just got concealer all in my eye I don't
know what to do
oh my gosh it's it's literally literally
on my eyeball oh my god oh oh crying out
cried out ah oh no am I gonna be blind
it's not like milk
ah what do i do what do i do do I get
return to vlog oh that was on my eye oh
no oh no well it is yeah come in good we
are good I'm just gonna finish my makeup
now
boom we have our makeup done we have our
hair done we have an outfit on um um um
um um uh hello
we missed you in the wall okay so you're
packing up so you go film right now I
have like there's I'm so scattered yes
let's go guys so we're at school and I
just have to say if you play pokemon go
go to a college because they're so much
walking on here so many Pokemon awesome
wearing a kind of the kids I haven't or
in a really long time
yeah come on Pokemon gotta catch him up
what is going on of ants where there is
just over there where yes everywhere
currently just filmed like six different
things right now on the third outfit
that I'm filming right now wah boom yeah
um and then after that we have like two
more things I'm hoping to get done
before the Sun Goes Down it doesn't look
like it but the Sun is going down it's
going it cooling down won't have it
stays out until midnight perhaps did you
imagine filming in Iceland oh my god all
day long take over
Alicia is filming looking sexy I got
some background music it's not bad
Djibouti
hey guys so so as I haven't ended it yet
and I was literally taking off my makeup
and like taking off my overalls
I was like wait I need it at this blog
so that's what's going on right now
hoping to get this up tomorrow but I
just found out I have to leave at my
apartment and 5 a.m. so I can get on set
um on time tomorrow yes but yes anyways
I just wanted a song and I'll see you
guys tomorrow with new vlog and I love
you mmm
