good morning world how are you guys um
hi yeah okay no I did that Loki I don't
know why I did that at all so today is
let's see what today is July 25th
it is currently 301 p.m. I had a later
store today I meant to bring you guys ok
Munna radio this morning I went shopping
at the mall because I had to get some
outfits for a video that I'm filming
this week but I went to grab my vlog
camera my battery was dead it was like
ding then came back and we were filming
a little bit and then I just remembered
like oh I need a vlog so that's kind of
why so later started a I am sorry yet
I'm still having my morning coffee I
haven't had coffee yet today I try my
hardest to have like one cup of coffee a
day try my hardest so today is Monday I
hope you guys's Monday is going amazing
literally it just spent like 30 minutes
snapchatting while trying to stop shop
has freaking filters like beautiful yeah
okay are you ready for this so we took
that I'm on a snapchat filter makes you
look like a freaking goddess like kind
of like this all the time that'd be
really cool yeah so yeah I literally
just got out of that not feeling 12
minutes ago actually to be exact but I
was like mesmerized by all the filters I
was sitting there for the longest times
have any of you guys done that to where
you're just sitting there on snapchat
going through every filter and like yeah
same clothing hi Chloe hi babe oh my
gosh look at that leg your little
supermodel stop it why are you going up
so fast
always okay so I got everything set up
I'm going to reheat my coffee Oh quick
just remember this cup can't go in the
microwave because of the Linehan because
of the gold around the rim switch that
out also shout out to the subscriber who
gave me this coffee mug from Starbucks
and I love it up front room oh don't any
second
boom hey anyone could have been lunker
fun fact about me I cannot do hot drinks
for anything like I'm in it I liked your
hang hot drinks but I usually let it sit
for like five minutes and cool down
where most people would be like oh my
gosh that's cold and I'm like no it's
perfect for me so I was surprised that
that wasn't hot enough what once
dun dun dun duh perfect timing
on someone text me guy look what Ashley
brought me I it just reminds you like oh
time thank you I haven't had a passion
tea in so long it sounds so good like it
sounds perfect right now
mmm Victor going to this go into it what
go incident I went to the base place yet
the bass plays picking up my star bees
Gemma therapy sip and I'm a passion tea
get my passion cheeks ready 1 2 3
Oh No 1 2 3 come on yeah mmm love oh
you're gonna quit us chica boom chicka
pop sweet barbecue popcorn paste rice
anyone yeah was it balancing on my
startup Chloe you're bringing your food
is everywhere babe
everywhere it's weird it's melting like
barca chicks move but it's popcorn but
in reality problem is is that different
relationships pass the aisle I was like
I shouldn't go there that's on waiting
for you here screaming 1 2
sweeter than hot but sweet and I thought
much guns weird that it popcorn I'm
laughing I'm like what if it was a lathe
like barbecued potato right go ahead use
is good it's just weird this cordage I
expect barbecue
good good really good I'm gonna my mom
if I'm good I the pragmatism I you eat
it the more you're like wait I'm in love
with it you know boom Chicka Boom Boom
Chicka pop boom gonna film right now I'm
really excited
any ideas what it is well just getting
our video honestly may not even be up
for like two weeks
needless to say I'm working on a lot of
videos right now so I'm not even sure
which week you'll see this video but you
will see this video at some point and
your life I'm gonna give you guys a
secret okay this is how you're gonna
know what video I'm filming right now
when you watch it has to do to do with
these bad boys
thanks to that Ash moleskin cashier
collection set of three set death three
it says that it's ends up playing
durable someone like two weeks you're
gonna beg oh my gosh I've been here from
the beginning oh gee or yeah okay are
you ready ash III lead-up can't hear you
Oh with some baby wipes okay that's good
it looks good for the breath brown brown
brown zone see so have you ever been so
have you ever been so I BFF it's a lunch
thing I usually chose tables on this one
Chloe your food is literally everywhere
everywhere huh huh why do you do this
babe boy hey guys
update time so it's a little bit later
now we went to the gym I basically died
I legitimately oh my gosh yeah that
happened but we're good not don't worry
so I mean overall was a really good
workout but push the hole to harm and
now we're gonna go to Starbucks I
believe and get some editing done yeah
so what's goin on so to update you and
yeah so we're going to Starbucks heading
to the base my back about it again about
some work done yeah do it
let's do a show you're excited you're
excited are you ready
are you pumped we're gonna get ready to
go we're done
oh hey ash hi are we getting work done
heck yes I am that was really the last
thing you did in this vlog so we were
sitting in Starbucks and then it closed
so we came out fired up started this
blog just really exciting a thumbnail
for it and then I also edited the video
that we did today or at least as much as
I could out of it but it I'm very pumped
about them take it guys okay guys so I'm
just wanting to end this vlog I thought
you liked it and that you really enjoyed
it and I'll see you guys tomorrow with a
new one and yeah I love you guys bye MA
bye
