good morning guys so today is July Feb 9
2000 Alicia
9:28 a.m. I woke up wide awake I was
like you know what I'm gonna go get some
Starbucks for I'm at memes Anna good
morning kids
oh you still owe my song yeah he's got
cocky we got some coffee and I'm really
excited about this the realities of it
guess you got her nails done it was much
needed if you guys have know I've
actually seen a few people comment
they're like do you pick a nail you sure
yeah this nail was Brooke for like the
longest time so did my nails now I'm
going to do my makeup and watch some
YouTube videos well I am I get ready yes
awesome like freezing right now so
that's why I'm like huddled like a
little I don't even know what are things
that Hubble literally me right now let's
do our makeup also yesterday I was like
for some reason my makeup is like really
weird I don't know what I did different
so I'm gonna actually try to take my
time today and hope that it can look
decent - yeah filming so take me away
oh my Indian summer take me away I'm
afraid
my Indian summer mix is done I'm very
excited about this and you know I feel
like it turned out a lot better than
yesterday at my time anyways so later me
and I are gonna go to Target and get
some very exciting stuff aka
back-to-school shopping a KA school
supplies aka huge giveaway that's gonna
be happening I was like keep it secret
I'm like okay obviously you know the
title of this video like I'm not trying
to hide it in title so I'm not gonna
like drag it out right here I'm gonna go
to Target I'm so excited we're going to
target like ah you guys know I love love
love anything stationery back-to-school
all of that fun stuff like it's a huge
party on my channel during
back-to-school not even kidding but I
always start videos like pretty early
and compared to one school actually
starts just because a lot of people go
to school different times
I've already had so many comments of
people asking me to start my series
early just because they start in like
two weeks or something so I think it's
really interesting like the different
times people start school so do me a
favor
comment below when you start school this
year I think I have like 10 weeks some
only eight weeks are all I know I should
figure that out time to do my hair I
think we're gonna straighten it again
it's happening don't enter guys you're
in
get giveaway stuff for you guys guess
your just rhymed oh well so far this is
what the car looks like Oh smell up my
water almost both very productive so far
let's see what else we can find
so we got some planners oh my gosh I
love planners oh my gosh this one's so
cute
this aesthetic is so pleasing to me I'm
like can't right now oh my goodness like
light came from immense and all this
stuff I like can't I really wish I had
all this kid stuff when I like how to
locker not even kidding
how cute we need this and we need this
and we gotta get some binders okay wait
this one is kind yeah this one is could
you freak they're all cute okay oh my
gosh I give that one big last year three
that's two bah boom yes guys I'm having
way too much fun with this not kidding
so still trying to find some stuff I
really want to find washi tape because I
need some more for my agenda
I got highlighters I needed that I
needed pens I haven't gotten pimp yet
let's go play something how's it going
means oh good going good going great
yes yes look at us we're like moms with
our cards this is me pushing
weird potential for me
I think I got it I don't know did I get
it
Michel see whoops 200 TT outfit of the
day so sure is from brandy melville
shirt you from Urban Outfitters Urban
Outfitters I'm a broken foot pegs from
watchin we literally had like a full-on
photo shoot and target like I'm
surprised people didn't stop us because
they're like legit we were here for like
20 minutes
full-on photo shoot like it probably
looks like a target ad not even kidding
literally okay so no memes i got a
snapshot of you and everyone was around
you it was so funny but my phone dies
i'm gonna see that they bubble plane why
does target has a kid miss belever
there's my color there's me there's me
fun fact
notebooks are our weakness literally
that's ones Randy penny oh my gosh this
is so cool look it's like bound it's a
notebook that's like bound oh it's like
all we have in Japan all right oh I love
bound I won and I won it what am I gonna
use it Bordeaux looking for Mia psycho
Marco
of Tanks me oh it's so yellow same paper
great paper you to you to bed you get
about so much stuff it's falling
everywhere such a glorious sight though
hey guys so much Topshop now and except
men I can't hug him I just met millena
hi guys oh my gosh you're such a
gorgeous name oh my gosh and Sheila
musically so what is it my musically
account is princess underscored me Linda
that m IL e na underscore so follow her
go at her go do it
yes yeah thank you okay so I'm shopping
and I found this jacket oh my gosh
should be jacket that I ordered if you
guys remember this the reason why I have
been wearing it is I slit rain locks it
left it at a shoe in LA one time
couldn't get it back I'm gonna buy a new
one I'm so excited you guys know if you
followed me for a while that I had like
this jacket just like I'm literally
buying a whole new one be our Topshop
and also we totally posted this
Instagram today so you guys should go
and like it if you haven't yet and yes I
totally awkwardly liked my own picture
look rude so yeah like it will like it
the reason why I got the jack in the
first place was because I saw it in the
window and I like freaked on me I was
actually really really really funny I
saw here I was like oh my gosh they have
it cuz I got mine online they didn't
have it in stores when I bought it so I
was really excited I ran in there having
no luck finding clothes for a video
Sakhalin that it was one of our main
reasons for coming here yeah I got it
chicken like we're gonna get some sushi
I'm really excited
we got some sushi and I'm really excited
for this really hey guys so it is now 11
21 at p.m. I have a kiner's here Helen
Ken I'm just editing this vlog and I
think I should end it yeah I felt kind
of a wig but I feel like I might as well
end it now because I'm just gonna like
get ready for bed and stuff yeah I love
you guys so so so much get excited for
back-to-school videos hashtag school
Asia videos for split second I thought
like it's almost too early for that but
then I met a girl today in Target and
she said she started school in less than
a month and I was like oh my gosh like
that's really soon I always started in
September like top of September and like
you know like elementary school like
high school like so but anyways um I'm
gonna jump now going go in a bed mm-hmm
yep anyways I love you guys don't see
you later my
