good morning everyone how are you doing
I hope you're doing amazing amazingly
amazing it is currently at 10:56 a.m.
this Saturday and this weekend is a
three-day weekend which is just awesome
because fourth of July is on Monday so
very cool to be here and comment below
what your plans are for the 4th of July
and if you don't celebrate the 4th of
July let me know what your plans are for
Monday and this weekend what did you do
what are you doing anyways um obviously
I'm back at me means we're having
another filming day today and I feel so
productive already I already got a vlog
done vlog is up edited another not a
thumbnail I did an Instagram and and
yeah Julie excited of stuff also just
got a coffee so excited a latte with
almond milk not soy milk trying
something different we're trying
something different this is so cute
I am cool I am happy I am transformed I
am sustained
I am cozy I am renewed suppose--suppose
super cute then we ordered and then we
got some food we ordered breakfast
burritos from Cafe Gratitude and I'm
very excited for this it looks really
really good
oh hey we're doing paid back yeah but
you know I was thinking like I have to
get really do face masks in the morning
but it works out we are smart what would
your Smurf name be
I don't either
ha ha Ballu can all why are you so cute
woah how to be pretty good on a thank
you just kidding you're beautiful just
the way you are you don't need a face
mask to make you beautiful yeah it means
uploaded and it's funny cuz I'm watching
her right here but she's also right here
let's compare right when there's a
bikini should I know like like such like
a good shot
currently on the way to my apartments
and we are listening to some Hilary Duff
and we're stuck in traffic
mei-mei hey guys what is up I look a lot
better than I did in the last until you
saw me not gonna lower your back out of
my apartment now we've been going back
and forth between both of our apartments
like a lot lately so I'm sorry congrats
to you if you've been able to follow but
I'm finishing up my video I have my
intro to film and then I also have one
and a half more clips one for this video
it's going up tomorrow so the day you're
watching this there will be a new video
up on my channel so we'd be filming well
film that was really awkward why do I
say that we're filming but then my
battery died and my other spare battery
is in charge so that really sucks first
time that's ever happened to me
which is like Murp Murp yeah just gonna
wait a little bit going to maybe edit a
little bit and yes thanks for filming me
again me more tanky good also I have
like a really really really really
exciting announcement at the end of this
video um I may or may not be going on a
tour where you meet me Alban country +
Toronto a let's get on into this video
and I hope you guys like it
we're filming the last scene I'm super
excited be done with this video and yeah
so here you go ready for buying since
when are you gonna get it it was so
beautiful the cream to make coffee
haha we are headed to target because
yesterday I said I was gonna go back and
I didn't because I need to wash my
sheets and I have no longer to charge it
I thought I bought some and today but no
I just bought a scent booster if not
laundry detergent so it's what's going
on I change but Mia isn't the same
outfit because um because I needed her
for a scene in to be the sea method so
does blah she's a work means work work
pork pork pork
what is dancing bootcut that's what
we're doing I've been like way miss
backpack so much lately Scott my blog
camera obviously I'm working on it phone
keys clickers in my car let's go
if there's ever a twerking battle for
youtubers can you please apply oh yes I
mean can you please win oh thank you we
just got to target excuse me ma'am
guys this is so cute look at this Josh
huh
I love that good news we made it out of
the dollar section alive
sometimes I'm not too sure sometimes I'm
scared I'm done he is giving me
recommendations of laundry detergent
because her laundry smells so good
really I think the island fresh oh oh oh
done oh wait we got a meme on the car
she's my child
spot the difference what doesn't belong
here I don't know what she does on her
off time Kanna know if you're a new
viewer of mine you would know our shark
you wouldn't know you're an old-time
viewer mind you would know that I am
obsessed with any and all things
stationery and school supplies I think
it's safe to say me and I are the most
hashtag fangirls of school supplies but
yes yes does this not just make you so
happy so happy journals and pin them
YouTube like dough has tech goals goals
hashtag we're festive we're trying to
find some bathing suits because we want
to be festive for the 4th and I'm sure
everyone is gonna have these bathing
suits but that's cool it's cool one
mm good night hey guys
update time so it is a little bit later
it is now 9:26 p.m. completely forget
the last thing that i vlogged i want to
say it was getting boba wanna say i
don't know but we did do a very fun
adventure to party city or show say
party mm-hmm
Cody Cody Cody but it's party city
so definitely need to watch me as well
cream today because literally it's so
funny I think I was cry like I laughed
so hard I cried like four times not even
kidding
we had some adventures to UM Party City
and stuff and yes anyways it's been
editing just hanging out because I'm
uploading the video that you're seeing
today yes don't forget to watch it and
like it and share it with your friends
hey guys so I ended up driving over to
my parents house and clumsy who missed
you I miss her so much so yeah I just
want to end this vlog I think I'm going
to oh sorry I think I'm going to edit it
right now so I can get up in the morning
but yeah I love you guys so so so so so
so much and I'll see you at tri-c look
at this sassy one club what you doing
