good night guys what is up and welcome
to the vlogs I am just gonna say it like
straight off the back
I'm so sorry that it's been a week ish
and I hope that you forgive me you know
okay so can you guys hear this there's
like a plane there's like there's just
like so much Ashley always always has
the windows open yeah I think she has
the heater on like anyways so Barbara
was great I am not sure if I have the
last vlog to show you guys I did have
one more vlog from Barbara and if it's
already up than this is all pointless
but long story short it's lost my memory
card so will lost my camera which had my
memory card in it so if we throw my
camera we can still upload that if not
maybe it's too late who knows what yeah
so we're at home I'm not gonna lie I
miss you guys
so anyways today we are editing no we're
not editing we go today we are filming a
video
it is currently Friday and my video
needs to go up Sunday and I
procrastinated this week you know what
if you procrastinate life and if you
procrastinate homework and if you
procrastinate just like everything like
me he should sums up this video because
anyway he's gotta film the whole video
and edit it in less than like mmm 48
hours which is okay I got this I got
this so I'm gonna go throw on some
makeup because I could use some makeup
and finish my hair hopefully air dries
good that's always the freaking best so
this is a mess yeah let's not talk about
it I'm not getting like it just it feels
weird getting back into vlogging and I
feel like unless you're a vlogger like
you'd get it me I actually mentioned
this and one of her recent blogs about
how it's so hard coming back from a trip
and vlogging again and I know it just
like doesn't seem like it but like it's
so true you're just like kind of out of
the rhythm of it like ya got the coffee
obviously big surprise we're gonna put
on some makeup let's see um mm-hmm
Wow I feel like I'm just out of it okay
I'm a little stressed I have a whole
video to film I hope it goes smooth I
hope you guys like it I'm actually
really excited about it but you know
gotta moisturize why am I always so lazy
just to clean my freakin Beautyblender
like instead I'm using a highlighting
brush to do my foundation
what foundation should be try um let's
try 70 today this isn't not a foundation
brush yo this brush obviously is kind of
working
and makeup is done so you see there we
go better lighting so this is the look
that we got today I did more of a like a
pinkish type of look it's still like
very similar to how I always do it they
get I always forget to put freaking
mascara on the bottom lashes
just kidding it's not the finished
makeup look let's see I'm just gonna put
you guys like oh don't fall no we don't
want that okay put your right there guys
my room is a mess
no if it's not a mess I have a lot of
laundry to do so I should really do it
if you're curious this is the Tarte
lights camera lashes mascara and I think
I think this mascara is my favorite
mascara I've ever used only because I've
gone through probably like four of these
and for me that's a lot I feel like it's
a lot for anyone I feel like I'm always
changing up my mascara and the fact that
I've kept this for such a long time
sazzle normally I'd be like and whatever
mascara is like whatever like so now
makeup is done there we go
wait it's crazy how much just like
adding bottom lashes like add you know
what I mean you know and I mean anyway
let me stop playing with my hair
actually no I need to do my hair this is
air dry I feel like I should blow dry it
and then like maybe just curl a few
pieces and then after that we can start
filming so you guys just brought me some
Barb's oh my gosh thank you so much like
this sounds so good I'm not even ready
oh this reminds me of like do you guys
remember like the 2014 vlogs his extra
good can you tell I'm going to the bath
you would recognize the ice passion T
there is the ice passion T eliminated
but it's basically that without the
lemonade and it's not sweet well why did
I describe it when I love to subscribe
anyway
gosh I don't want to film but I want to
film but I don't really feel like
filming right now but the sun's gonna go
down oh yeah it's like currently mmm
6:00 p.m. just got a late start on the
day actually no I well yeah a date night
three did I say 9:26 p.m. 29 29 26 326
p.m. did I really say that
yeah my voice crack I can't pull it
together pull it together
together you were a mess we need a film
grab your suitcase and the memory card
why are you yelling at me okay you guys
up daytime we are currently filming it's
going it's going got also close being
the cutest little thing up right now I
feel like she's always just really cute
when I have to work and then I'm like
Chloe you're distracting I actually feel
like this vlog is probably gonna go up
the same day that this video goes up why
is my my mic this really sucks
so um it fits up you guys should go
watch my main channel video and I
figured it would be a good time to do
this because it's like spring breaks
happening soon for most people for some
people I think it's already happening
summer is coming up so I feel like a lot
of people are gonna be traveling whether
it's a road trip airplane whatever I'm
gonna share some tips with you guys and
yeah also I've had a lot of people
wanting a little more comedy videos
lately but don't worry I'm next week
video is going to next week's video is
definitely gonna be a comedy video you
ready let's do it first of all let's not
talk about how cute I look maybe so nice
it's like there were another snapchat
filters with like it wouldn't be so
close like these cameras have filters I
guess I could edit it but like I don't
know if I'm like that extra I mean I
know I am but you know what I mean
anyways I just wanted to end this vlog
because I'm really actually gonna try to
upload it today for you guys so it's a
little late in the day right now but
anyways I hope that you guys liked it
and I will see you guys tomorrow for new
bog I love you so much and I'll see you
later
