I'm back I missed you I genuinely missed
you with your sub box empty with YouTube
dead it feels weird vlogging for me like
I went from vlogging every day for 31
days to not vlogging for a week and a
half fish and it was crazy so what does
that be guys welcome to you January
welcome to 2018 it what what day it is
January 9th Paula my hair is cute no
it's not it's not cute I just said it
was cute low-key this is I think my
second time putting makeup on the entire
time that I've been gone so that's funny
we're gonna be so excited you guys gave
me the most I don't know how to say
honestly like this break was so good for
me I feel so much more creative so much
more inspired and just excited and
passionate about YouTube just like
forcing myself to take a week off was so
good it looks so good so I'm back at it
this week I feel like I look really
weird I didn't put any mascara or
eyeliner on my bottom lashes so maybe
that's it I don't know also I can take
this I'll see you guys it is pouring
rain here actually it just kind of
lightened up but it was crazy it's
raining it's raining men just kidding I
wish hashtag Siegel Lowell anyways yeah
I guess this looks better to have my
hair out and stuff anyways anyways you
know what I figured for the first day
back no it would be great a target
adventure
I haven't been to Target in a really
long time because I always felt like I
wanted to blog it was so weird
um but yeah actually I have a few things
I need to get so we should go we should
do that so since it's raining we got a
rain jacket we got some rain boots but
that was a good kick oh yeah yeah yeah I
hate that it's raining because the
lighting is not as good and it makes me
really sad but here is my outfit of is a
day um let's go through this shirts from
forever 21 jackets from Topshop just
rockin some black leggings and then I'm
wearing my hunter rain boots so that is
the outfit let's do this
tu-tu-tu-tu-tu-tu 202 also can we talk
about the fact that it's very sad
there's no more Christmas tree we took
down the Christmas tree
then this corner looked very very empty
we added this plant that was in the
dining room we put Khloe's little bed
and then a little blanket if I could be
super cute to add a shelf there just to
kind of add some height but yes ah so
that's something that's different
Hot Club khlomoney everyone miss you bit
stretch
yes stretch everyone missed you oh my
gosh why are you so cute why are you so
cute it literally looks so but it's on
the Christmas street it makes me so sad
but this is so cute
yay all right oh right it is right to
the name look at that look at this it's
writing it all right a grande vanilla
soy latte thank you yeah we're getting
the God we're getting the goods it's
happening cuz that's just who we uh it's
a strange thing my hair civil oh we got
the goods
who got the goods we got the goods now
we're going to tarjay it's funny we
could have gotten to starbucks in target
but TBH it's always like not a bit and
anyone who is starbucks obsessed
understands that oh my god I'm so
excited
I wish this rain would go away though
actually JK we really need it but I'm
done 'then thun thun thun we in target
everything in this frame just makes me
so happy
okay not only am I at Target with some
coffee but we end a home decor section
you guys I was so excited to start
redecorating for the new year now that
all the Christmas stuff is gone it's an
excuse to the redeco wait we locked it
in two seconds later already lost Ashley
so that's funny i lo keem you I like
this rug would be so cute upstairs
like in the hallway we're gonna get it's
like super there's even matching pillows
that's real
I also need pillows for my room so
that's no key one of these could be cute
on my bed oh shut up also I've been all
about my agenda for this past week and I
found some really cute stationary stuff
and all this was in the dollar section
when we first walked in so freaking cute
okay now I need to find Ashley I found
you you were lost
I do this all the time I set things down
to vlog and I usually leave them so
let's make sure I don't make them okay
way ash hear me out how do we feel about
these so cute I saw these earlier
Ashley's here and was thinking you know
it would be really gone the couch I know
I've been trying to find clothes but
they got to a million years but not
Christmas anymore I was like I think
she's gonna like them and she likes them
but I think these will be our forever
pillow let's be real until like you know
like a little bit okay okay it just
happened I lost my coffee hold on it has
to be damn it anyways what else do mean
when you trashcan or no you got trash
bags dun dun dun dun tada oh look just
another friendly reminder that I'm
single like no other okie about to send
myself some flowers and
chocolate-covered strawberries this year
too much yeah oh it's a game controllers
that's a gummy doesn't it me I got this
I got this literal target adventures
we're coming back strong the vlogs are
coming back strong but I literally
carrying this frickin plant watch I
guarantee someone's gonna take you on a
cart maybe not maybe no one cares
look he's fighting our car is so full
but it's only full because we have like
pillows on these bends if everything
would fit but like it looks so big
Ashley hey I'm Ashley someone offered me
a cart it happens there's hope in the
world literally my point of view right
now you can't see anything I'm gonna run
into someone yes
so the reason why I got this really
wanted to plant in my bathroom because
it's kind of empty y'all get organized
bout to get organized we're in the right
area so I was looking for some little
like Vanna the organizers to go on top
of my vanity huh these are actually kind
of cute though that's super cute yeah
these are all really cute I was looking
for different ones but I think the ones
I'm thinking of I have to get from
either the Container Store or online
yeah I think I think this would this
one's broken
so target didn't have the containers I
was wanting we were like you know what
let's go to the Container Store
fun fact I don't think I've ever
actually been in one I know it I've
heard it's like really cool and crazy so
containers or adventure here we go it's
raining it's raining we made it this is
the first of many oh my god I already
love it here and findings I was like oh
my god I already love it here a little
fighting so much freaking stuff but I'm
pretty much done this place is legit
Wednesday's like IKEA freaking love it
okay it's like heaven
okay oh my gosh I am fully here for this
aesthetic the pink and blue so cute and
it stops raining bliss wait it's
actually like really pretty right now
well that was fun we've got some stuff
for this video and then I'll go suffer
an organization organization stuff and
now I'm kind of hungry - lets get food I
don't know if you can see this but la is
beautiful today is beautiful we got food
no see hi my gosh she's so cute
anyways I just ripped compose myself
hey Alisha try to act cool okay update
time it is currently is currently at
10:29 yeah I'm gonna get ready for bed
and then I think I'm just going to edit
this vlog Ryan out so we should probably
do the guys do it and my battery died so
I guess now it's a good time to just end
this vlog thank you guys so much for
watching
umm I hope that you're excited for more
vlogs I'm not necessarily gonna be doing
daily daily vlogs like it was in
December but I will be uploading a
really frequently so you guys are
excited I'm really pumped and yeah I
love you guys
