good morning everyone today is July 1st
today is July 1st which is crazy because
honestly like July where does this year
go that's what I want to like yeah I
mean I always live when you're in your
Corgi shirt so today is gonna be a
productive day I guess we are filming
heck yes and then we're gonna we're
gonna film hey yeah hey yeah it's
probably ready
actually I just don't want it like do my
makeup and then like could have been
able to do a later game I can always
come say hi bud
hi Ella beer oh no he just uh licked it
yeah no I make this done and I think
when I straighten my hair maybe later
that when I get like back home or
something I don't know and now I need to
figure out what I want to wear and I did
buy some stuff at brandy yesterday so
I'm going to wait oh yeah I bought a
shirt from their theme one where that
kick in dumb stuff look at that one
brandy yesterday and I got this light
pink denim jacket then just a plain blue
t-shirt which looks very similar to what
I'm currently wearing I'm but we're
gonna wear this and yet but I got from
brandy extremely mini brandy Hall this
is the jacket I got we're gonna see if
it's cute I kind of like it could be
either way you know I mean so this is
let's just let's figure it out it's like
a light light light pink but it's like
is it pink or if I want thicker Ute I
need to find somewhere to set this so
you can actually sing put your on a
water bottle pray don't fall oh my god
balance balance balance yeah I like it I
feel like I had something like this when
I was like a kid not gonna lie
and so funny how Styles come back no am
i right cute I totally picture this with
like a crop top you know I mean like I
feel like I'd be really cute
make it a Starbucks
got some Starbucks for meetings and me
oh no I was trying to find me a to
surprise here with coffee but she took
him out she's not here
we're gonna take me tell your of a
surprise I tried I tried
hey guys so we're back at the apartment
through a while since I've logged but
we've been hardcore filming I'm very
proud very proud of us
rooms Karen was over earlier she helps
them when I meant to blog her and I
forgot I'm sorry but we're getting
hungry so we're gonna head to Panera and
we're gonna film a scene at Target so
that's what's going on
um thanks for helping me fill me any
kind of bad hash is good Oh for the D
don't know I've seen a lot of questions
if you will being like worth Ashley so
if you don't know she's on a trip right
now go out your glog channel if you want
to see where who what when our way yeah
she comes back next week so so so yeah
my bag get my keys so I feel like this
piece is not is it supposed to be right
here
okay - there we go we are getting some
Panera
I love Panera I'm you're way too often
shall we got some food I got a salad out
of sandwich and then I purposely ordered
to go because for one of the scenes I
need like leftovers and it to Gobots
so I got it to go but means get it here
completely we're eating here what'd you
get number corn chowder and meth yeah
I decided to stop my Starbucks and I am
doing a taste test don't don't do love
the unbelievably basic pink drink that's
like been trending all over everywhere
of social media literally it's just a
strawberry refresher with coconut milk I
want to say yes comfortable as you guys
know I messed up a little time so it's
like I need to take this in so I'm going
to do it on camera but first quality
pictures cakewalk cuz it's Relic you
here we go here we go here we go
oh my gosh it's so good okay hey I was
not expecting that it's sweet though
it's really sweet I thought I wasn't
going to be sweet it's a lot better than
I imagined yeah I mean I definitely
could not drink all this but I literally
thought I was going to be like bitter
yeah I thought it sounds like a meal oh
my god guys I'm literally so mind blown
so I literally asked the barista I was
like I'm gonna be really basic right now
she was like the pink drink and I was
like the pink drink like you literally
it kind of like I cringed a little bit
of how basic I feel especially ordering
it I was like like I wanted to but then
because it was so trendy I was like I
can't order that not it is good it's
just a lot I could never drink all this
by myself I don't think I could drink at
all ever eyes you have strawberries
strawberries and cream on those like
candy mints do our those like old
candies yeah the hulls yes very same mmm
okay anyways we're currently at Target
we have one seen at fugu here um and yes
actually might be back here later
because I have some groceries and like
random stuff that I need we are in
target Destin did
what best friends do in target yeah okay
Oh getting some makeup artist I really
need that Thank You laundry detergent I
really need that means get this one it's
all good
what honey scene nine kinds of a behind
the scenes are behind this all right
well how is it mean
sweet huh it looks real comfy it looks
all small dough Reena Rick weird
what's a look in this aisle just because
they have the cutest stuff am i right
oh now they have this they have fairy
lights now for like super cheap white
stools are so kick the mint they're
stoked yeah oh that's cute okay
coffee the struggle is for you oh my
gosh it lights up turn off oh I got the
white one the other day so you should
totally get that one away camping I know
I want this so bad cuz it's so yeah
Keurig 2.0 like oh it's like spray paint
yours
yeah for sure oh let's go
so target haul we got some lettuce
makeup wipes detergent and some tomatoes
then rickum hi I mean hey guys what up
so it's on been a few minutes or two so
it is now 8 o'clock and are you 49 and
relative to the wind from one of your
supposed to look to me and I are gonna
go get some dinner um we found a bait we
found the whole video it's really
excited and then I found out that one
and a half of the clips didn't have
audio so now I have to read some pages I
also did unit Joe so we are 75% done
being film The Avenues we're gonna go to
yard house get some food really excited
and um yes oh did I even show you guys
that we brought can old so he wouldn't
be home alone but Chloe is not here
she's at my parents house seems is uh
wearing some butchers because her pants
got um um poop on him
and that is you but we're good we're
good we are at yard house yeah dinner
date candlelit Saturday again hey guys
so I'm a huge failure and totally forgot
to even you know show my food or
anything at your house I was like hi
were here and it was like boom hi I'm
back in my apartment anyway I was rude
anyways I spent it in this vlog right
now and yeah I hope you guys liked it
and I'll see you guys tomorrow with a
new vlog and yes let me be
