hey guys what is up so today is Sunday
July 10 2016 and we are going to be
filming a what today film in a collab
and I'm really excited you guys should
be to stay um hashtag um me lorisha
okay a little later in the day but I'm
still gonna show you guys behind the
scenes of this collab we've been filming
all day and we have a few more things to
get oh yeah here's the lore part to lure
and sure here's the isha
lorisha a memes is busy we got some
starves courtesy of Nicole thanks Nicole
children I haven't had a lock in a long
time good good good go into space yeah
what's going on here natural mommy never
kitchen feeding each other gushes it
seems like lots of punk tattoos fruit
roll-ups what is going on happening
these were like my child il here what
who is that but yours are good manners
ghetto rose it's a blip ah that's it
boys oh I do remember that they all like
gonna that's on there for the rest of
day oh good yeah oh no God so red a
school and we begin some shots some
shots at a park looking thing exclusive
behind the scenes
Oh what is the you wearing a backpack
was really cute backpack what if the
Lord has something to do with it
Caillou Caillou I love DIY backpacks I
mean we don't know what this video is
work means work yes Joel uh-huh also
guys we just posted a video today
earlier it's early Doc's just posted we
posted a video earlier today I uploaded
my back to school supply haul for this
year and there's a huge giveaway and it
honestly 90% of all the stuff I got is
for you guys
so definitely go check it out I uploaded
it and I just posted an Instagram
telling you guys that I uploaded it so I
figured I'd show you the Instagram ready
ready running don't um don't let me turn
oh there's an airplane started yeah
definitely go watch it
definitely go like that Instagram and
yeah also posted this one of Mia and I
earlier this morning so you guys should
go look at that - they're seriously so
many cute pictures from beautycon so I'm
excited to post them that is DeFede
right now hey guys so I just wanted to
end it tonight's vlog I'm really tired
I'm gonna go to bed and I figured I
should end it because last night I
thought I ended it apparently I pressed
end record and then I kept talking for
like another minute so that happened I
love you guys so much and I'll see you
tomorrow
mmm with a new vlog and yeah so yeah
okay bye mmm-hmm I think my laziness
just went up a level
I feel so projected because this video
isn't even going up this weekend I think
it's going up the next weekend so really
excited about that really funny and I'm
really it's like so different
you guys will totally know what I mean
when you see it I'm like loving it we're
having so much fun filming it later
tonight but I head over to Mia's because
I have to be out in LA tomorrow what
else put up what else yeah that's kind
of a I feel like I've been like out of
vlogging and I don't like it cuz it's
like been yeah it's just Murph there we
go let's go take over with me spend
a long time guys I have been you know
out about and immediately sharpening
feely shark-filled me a really funny
video what is happening here I didn't
see you there oh that a pizza oh I heard
I don't know is it Ashley I think this
that's really random or is it on purpose
I don't know I just like came here looks
delicious though update time it is a bit
later now she's a lot later but we have
filmed like 90% of this video and that's
so exciting for me to film a whole video
in a day heard of for me you don't even
know because I'm a perfectionist like no
other so it's really hard for me to film
the whole video in one day but it's
turning out really good I really like it
it's so different like I don't think
I've ever seen anything like this
I mean I've seen something like it but
not I mean I've seen stuff like it but
not like the way it dices currently have
two more scenes left to film and then we
are done with this video
well technically three scenes to come
but I think we're gonna do on another
day just because young let's go let's do
this actually maybe I'll work for this
one or part of it we shall see let's see
hey guys haha as you were looking at
great keep doing what you're doing yes
yes beautiful yes okay maybe recording a
simple Ashley ran out what what we be
recording in the simple Ashley brunette
right now she's gonna be walking through
those doors doors doors should be
walking through those doors she be
walking through those doors she's been
walking through those doors open up the
refrigerator doors refrigerator door
then she's gonna be grabbing on boot -
boot oh god let's do it okay so update
we are packing to head to means I got my
Sookie I got my backpack Emma laptop and
my camera that's all we need om I found
this over nice yes leaving a lot later
than I was hoping to but good news is we
got the video like dawn which I'm really
excited about all the tens yeah oh
dammit we miss ya ass they know you're
here know who else is here a chunky mom
I miss you
she needs to go the groomers so bad her
hair so long doing on
she's gray black and gray like a paint
look at Hey
oh oh this just end Mia
buys Oprah deodorant means good you are
watching the scoop with Alicia Marie
Mamma Mia makeup what are your thoughts
most good hey guys what up
so we're Kurt I'll walk or sit unfocused
oh come on come on
so we're currently at Target Anthony is
really quick there was like no traffic
and I got really excited about that oh
we are doing late night shopping at
Target I don't need anything
Mia needs and stuff um so we're doing
target ventures at like 11:00 p.m.
where are we going oh the dog cannon
cannon oh hey found the check paw so
what do we want to get today I think I
think I kinda want strawberry licorice
but it also come on my gummy worm
comment of the day what is your hair
candy leave it in the comments go Sam so
good we got some goods
hey memes now we're going to head back
home my battery is dying it's going to
die
oh snap focus on our firm cha-cha-cha
ultra
hey guys so back at the apartment and I
just edited this blog so I'm going to
say goodnight I'll see you guys tomorrow
with new vlog I'm gonna try to keep
blogging more I'm sorry I've been off my
game lately memes been on her king we're
never like our game at the same time
what the heck cause you're out and I do
