good morning guys although it's
definitely not the morning it's
definitely the afternoon
probably more like evening that's cool
I'm here in target it go boobies here
will be with me
yo we are doing something very exciting
we are shopping for video like that hi
blogging hi what's your name
Lehigh you in the vlog oh yeah oh it's
happening right now is happening clips
so currently adding some snacks because
I literally haven't no groceries at all
in my apartment and I feel bad cuz
people are like everyone's over didn't
intend to live in tanta whoa ha
so we are currently shopping for some
some snacks and some some some more
snacks
I think it's successful to say that this
is a very full car what's is that
currently looking for Nikki Gabby and
gently trying to find them
I found them I found of us target
debenture the squad Jesse I don't think
I'm psycho oh we're all like fetus jabs
like what word what word ways
I'm a medic on groceries got some
supplies we are maybe maybe gonna be
filming something really exciting this
it's kind of like a behind the scenes
well actually tomorrow
we'll definitely be behind the scenes
box to think we're filming para today's
Marv a get everything and get groceries
cuz ain't something in my home does
anyone else get sucked in with like the
last minute like gum and stuff in the
checkout aisle because thing that's
going on to the mic and some coffee
because Starbucks is literally right
there um but it's been a very good
productive day so far setting anyone
have any guesses of what we might film
hashtag Nick go the shirt
hey guys we are back home at the
apartment and I went to a grocery haul
but honestly I literally just put
everything away so I'm so sorry about
that we have been having such a
productive night we have got some food
and we are planning out some very
exciting exciting exciting things
actually well just instead of revolving
tour if you're wondering and also a
video because we've obviously helped me
feel be a video like tomorrow yeah
so yes that's what's going on I think
we're gonna have a chill all night we
should have got face masks guys oh wait
I think Ashley got one well these are
the only masks I could find yourself
good morning hey I look so hot right now
Angelica what we got some Starbucks got
some coffee for everyone cuz like no
one's out a better now
okay so today we are really hoping to do
a collab tour have been a little snacks
coming in the way but that's okay
so yes yes um like I said I'm getting
Starbucks and then I'm going to go into
jumper right now get Jessie a smoothie
yeah that's what's going on that's
what's going on gonna acai ball good
what up guys Ali Sean here coming at you
live from Alicia's apartment
I'm not going on steady look big bloater
little guys we're filming I'm so excited
and it's pretty obvious what this videos
gonna consume Lincoln sister is Sean
welcome to welcome JP I mean Oh what's
up guys this is JP coming at ya part of
the squad I'm in sneeze 182 yeah good
band chukkas i just chuck it out check
it out right now we're about to hit the
gym you know get some game hashtag dunes
bruh
where it is your squat what anyway I
think you're coming and let's let's do
this because it's gonna be funny really
that we are headed to the gym not what
you think so I'll be shot in the gym
getting some games you know how we do
why are you not focusing on my face
there we go so we're in the gym getting
some shots Nikki can you demonstrate
what we were just doing I mean uh Nick
can you demonstrate how we do in the gym
why why you came out a lot why you
record because we got see our hashtag
progress bro hashtag progress hashtag
gains
hashtag meatheads hashtag Fitness podium
rats hashtag it's both has sheet as gold
hashtags
I'm her bag this is JP and he's my baby
okay look at my name oh my god we need a
name we mo no away mo I'm an email
Alisha aka
even in Alicia and I don't know what's
my name guys guys what's my name comment
below anyways obviously we're filming
this this vlog is like all over the
place
but you never thought you'd see me like
this video but it's gonna be really cool
okay check my makeup I did a minimus oh
yeah Miranda sings always does it so I'm
going emo anyways I'm so excited this
this club isn't in my video so you're
gonna have to watch Jessie and I'm
making Gabby's video for her to see me
like this
fun fact about Alicia I definitely was a
punk emo stage rocker it's Leben point
is seventh grade eighth grade I was
going for the more Hollister yeah that
was great I was like seeing things yeah
I feel like my face I'll show you
pictures officially back to normal me
we're gonna get some food because it's
what time is it my lips are still pink
oh really good currently three o'clock
and we have half of my video done which
is exciting I think we're like on
schedule slash slightly ahead but since
we're slightly ahead we're gonna go get
some lunch by the time I come back we'll
be up you know like a normal schedule my
lips though yeah but we're so hungry so
we're gonna get ready after we come back
welcome to the life of collabs yo mmm we
can't working hard we have been working
hard
hashtag good my swag squads good mmm
getting some food well not right now
we're going to get to pick got this
going on what that's what's going on
yes believe degrees it is 93 degrees oh
my oh we got some food I got two tacos
and some some ahi tuna I got to make
guys we have a lunch date back to SJ is
currently at mixer
and be good and be good
yup guys I find these are like myself oh
my gosh it's been it's like five o'clock
and we're finally like decent looking I
was email today I was a guy today I was
just ratchet today broad normal violet
oh my god we've been like a million you
like it all we're guitar he was an egg
I mean hey okay so I have half the video
to film let's do it we got this
I'm excited let's get booked where we
are we are back at the pool what up guys
it's like eight o'clock now and it's
still pretty dang bright which is summer
hashtag summer we just took some
pictures some video we're done filming
which is really exciting and now we're
just gonna have like a fun night girls
night yeah do it
girls night girls my name I'm so jealous
I guess you I know check cuz I didn't
think of the number but you could what
you doing just chill I'm actually kind
of tired
it's Carlos I'm gonna go swimming if
you're done start I'm like really tired
I can't let's do it last night guys yeah
we are currently shopping rightly act
I'm a nun store getting some supplies
because we decide to have an impromptu
photo shoot and like my living room and
we're really excited Gabby's in the car
cuz she was wearing a swimsuit goes
that's where she don't have to go get
coffee we're gonna get some car oh
there's my tongue what do you think with
this look corny behind me oh look cheesy
no I can't I can't I think we got that
one it's a big I'm so excited that was
very successful and I have to say
Michaels lighting is the best ever
amazing I'm done that is my update what
time is it
photo shoot time told you guys we were
going all out Fotis I think we're all
about to get some new profile pics you
know got the smoky eyes got some nude
lips looks like Jesse's turn where else
player yeah yeah yeah we're having a
photo shoot
so cool expectation versus reality yeah
this is all we got going on right now
okay
Nikki you are up let's do it
out the change and um backdrop change I
changed it to white but I still have
glitter all over me so that was kind of
a mistake on our end
yes I think I have it in my mouth oh my
gosh you guys so it is currently like
3:00 a.m. what I'm going to get 3:30
right now and we're wide awake Jessie
went to bed which I totally get
we had coffee she didn't and I was about
to take off my makeup and I was like I
should end it slog but you can tell how
delirious we are because well I'll just
show you what is my apartment so messy
like actually thank you so messy what
happened here
arts and crafts time out of the box
oh crap can you do a 360 for us just
should see all this yes yes this is so
bad I'm gonna end this walk thank you so
so so so much for watching I'll see you
guys really soon with a new vlog and I'm
getting excited and uh yeah I'll take it
literally
