Oh
Oh
we are getting food at this wonderful
bus man Ibrahim postman
this looks so good I'm so excited Ruffo
it's like the best thing of life no you
buy you hey I'm so what breakfast was so
good and so good I'm some hit um um hey
so what breakfast was so good now we're
just packing up of you tell room and I
realize I never gave you guys a hotel
room to air so I'm just gonna do a quick
one it's kind of messy and stuff so yeah
but let's do it unloaded on that I don't
know when you walk in this is what you
see there's a bathroom over here is a
washer and dryer here this room is the
first bedroom there's two double beds
and then you walk into the kitchen slash
dining room and it's like huge this
kitchens nice to do my own kitchen then
I got a full-length mirror really
important for those ootds and we have
the couch balcony then the TV where
here's the master bedroom which looks
like this another TV I'm going through
this so quick I'm so sorry the bathroom
is huge it which I loved so much I
didn't take a bath although I really
wish I did because this bathtub is
amazing we've been here holy shower over
here bathroom over here and this area is
this so nice it's so big like I was not
expecting it to be this big my favorite
part my favorite part though I can my
favourite cart though no almost nook my
favorite part though is definitely the
balcony it's so nice just like overlooks
the golf course and stuff so pretty not
another note I got a call saying that
our flight is delayed twice we were
supposedly about like 11 I want to say
and now we're not leaving till 6:00
which is cool I mean I'd rather if I'm
gonna get delayed anywhere in the world
I'd rather be in like Hawaii you know I
mean we have to put all of our luggage
in the car that which is gonna suck
that's okay could be worse and we're
gonna see if we can get our rental car
pushed back to a later time because now
we don't have to go back now yeah you
know thanks so yeah we good next Jeana
why it's gonna die I don't want to leave
oh it's sticky fun fact we named our van
Quinton yep have a good like eight hours
until we leave so we decided to come to
a beach big island don't feel like black
beaches because of the like volcanic
rock because obviously there's volcanoes
here are slick legit so apparently this
is one of the
black sand beaches that are like really
popular in the world the water is so
freaking blue
oh shoot I think I want to swim oh my
gosh so blue oh my god we hiked it and
it is gorgeous you guys it's so freakin
blue
I can't it's so blue it is so it looks
like there's food dyes proud of my
parents they're coming I'm gonna try a
jumping picture let's see how I go say
hi ah camera takeover
Ashley edition over there we have a
little leader Lu city on Mount way to
live mount Li Lu Aloha we came here to
the closest black sand beach that we
could find Alicia would be blocking
right now but I have her camera so it
was like well I guess I'll do the vlog
camera take over Mama's here
dad's out the water finding fish Lita is
exploring we're just having a grand old
time so the vacation last day can't stop
won't stop what up guys and now headed
back to the car well hurry here 45
minutes it's so pretty here oh no
definitely best beach we've been to so
far hands down oh and Matt and Lisa not
left this morning if you're wondering
where they're and yes he is my real
brothers everyone likes to hear about it
he's a half-brother vanilla I want to go
to Alaska so dangerous still not over
how blue this water is I don't want to
go wait I wonder my polarized lens works
through the car it does ready fan time
dunfin Benson whoo it's extra blue now
currently eating some papaya
you guys I heard bird Oh No anyone who's
n to the ye can tell you fun pack I hate
papaya at home because anyway I've never
had my pyre like I've had it here
honestly it is so good here like this is
a orange papaya at home is like a dark
pink orange gray color and it tastes
like Pete not even kidding just like
feta cheese which tastes like meat to me
yes ha papaya here so good it's like
I've never had this fruit in my life
before you know so you're sure I've
literally has so much papaya on this
trip it's actually hilariously funny how
much I've had getting I'll say evil so
mom and I rented some mopeds we've been
driving around which has been so fun but
I'm gonna take a few pictures you know
normally I was like vlog wall I ride but
I you know I can do that with a bike
don't think I could do it with this and
yeah maybe I can on this road cuz
there's literally no in here we'll see
but yeah we can take some pictures yeah
here we go we go oh my god
I did it I live it we have to leave for
the airport in like an hour and we have
time to kill em were hungry so we're
going to go get some Leonard lunges
flash dinner and yet we're going to
actually go back to a place that we went
to earlier during the trip and it has
like really good for tacos and stop
stress eat something good yeah it's
right there look at Ashley shirt it's so
cute I show me shirt she's cranky she
gets cranky when it's hotter and you
know I I think I'm gonna get messy it
Mediterranean is rap that sounds real
real good
quit redo plot-twists we decided to go
somewhere all because we think it might
take a little too long so if you're just
going to go find like a subway along
some some basic vocals and off to the
airport
mare mare move it Mac Mac we decided to
get some subway heat fashion and I'm
really excited this looks beautiful
till we're at the airport and our plane
got delayed again never had this problem
in my life or and now we don't leave
till 9 p.m.
and make it even better it's announcer
Airport make it even better am honestly
action
8:24 feel
we just landed going to get our luggage
it's like 5:00 a.m.
I slept like the entire ten pounds that
workout hi Chloe
no one hi babe I'm misty hey so
obviously we were back at the apartment
it feels so good to pick up like 6:00
a.m. so it's bright outside and I'm wide
awake I know I need to go to bed but I
have to get up in like two hours
I'm gonna in this mug here thank you so
much for coming along with me on my
family Hawaiian vacation I bet you guys
liked it and I will see you guys really
soon with a new luck
