good morning guys what is up so today I
am at Mia's apartment if you didn't see
yesterday's vlog I spend the night on
thing and then I'm gonna stay the night
again tonight so yeah that's what's
going on I was just about to do my well
I was touching my hair as if I was about
to say hair I was about to doing my
makeup I might actually have a hair
appointment later today so I'm really
excited for that just to come get my
hair touched up nothing too drastic
getting changed only thing I really want
to do is get more highlights like here
so when my hair is up it doesn't look
just like bad do you know nay mean I
feel like it looks I wear my hair up a
lot and I feel like in vlogs it
constantly looks like not even bought
you know I mean you know to be honest
going on and then we really want to have
like another photo shoot today and you
take a whole bunch of pictures so I
brought my camera me has actually had an
audition right now and then she should
be back kind of soonish maybe like oh
we're gonna get ready sounds good
where's Kim can I come in uh I haven't
seen you since Chloe's birthday vlog I
love you only won't I love fun fact
I love petting him right here ah hi
buddy
hi where's your toy go get your toy
okay your toy so I uploaded hey blog and
it's oh my gosh
crazy concealer and I put in the intro
I'm really excited um to have an intro
for my o'clock channel hi Kenan yeah
yeah yeah so go comment go like it go
 with your friends go with your
family yeah so that's what I've been
doing all morning honestly it's like 11
it's almost 12 steps I was like I should
get ready I should start getting ready
for my day I put on some makeup and then
yeah awesome totally gonna jinx us right
now but I swear my skin's been pretty
clear and good lately
of course I know I'm just gonna jinx it
right now I'm sure tomorrow I'm gonna
wake up at like 5:00 it's on my face
let's look cereal but always often three
okay let's do my makeup go makeup so I
was going to watch some vlogs and do my
makeup right now let's do it
yay excited for that set up for this
let's
it starts boom
we are ready I feel like that was just a
very drastic change from the life look
what do you saw me high style my hair is
actually kind of disgusting but since I
have a hair appointment I really don't
want to wash my hair just to get it
rewashed
later if you don't I mean I just put it
half up so it's like out of my face and
stuff did my makeup yeah this one looks
like ice prides outfit this is what we
got going on I just have a bralette
bralette it's Urban Outfitters I wear
these literally all the time they're my
favorite bro let's sure is Urban
Outfitters button-down shirts is Urban
Outfitters with it but until animal can
it I think it's just a button-down I
don't know and then my pants are my
shirt pants my shorts are from um what's
it called American Apparel can't tell
this is a flattering angle but you know
what it's cool it's cool
you cannot wait to get my hair redone
like do you see this just looks like
like ya want to look like yo not ya
anyway just waiting for me to get back
she should be back any second and then
we're gonna take some pictures yeah we
are here gonna take some pictures it's
gonna be good
it's gonna be great took my food
oh yeah yeah excited me
Fighting's good dreams you'll figure it
out
we got just ran across the street and
honestly I have like it was so scary I
don't do that she made me run across by
myself and then she say no to free my
young kid go bar I guess I am
alright so bright right here yeah okay
where to now me ma'am can we take a
couple more oh yeah we're rocking to the
beat what to the beat what I think we're
at the Grove and we're gonna head over
to it brandy melville because memes
wanted some clothes and you know I'm not
a singer so we don't know we're gonna
get some food and they're gonna keep
taking pictures and yet since you up to
you guys okay just find the check no no
dude no it means you are beautiful just
believe it you think they got some cute
stuff
and some lucky thing we got some veggie
grill and we have half an hour to my
hair appointment we're gonna go gotten
ya
okay so um update time so my hair done I
love it it's literally like so much fun
a tight one we got some coffee really
good um and we manage some viewers
introduce ourselves
I'm Isabella I'm Eva I'm Natalia Nara
interrupting me and I like school I feel
like who we ran into
hello I read I ran into you guys like I
live free girl would come on it was
funny we were a lot of screaming company
in favor hilarious yeah I'm all it's
something I'm hello so we're gonna take
a picture in front of this beautiful
gate door thing what did you get me chai
latte
it looks good you look cute cute outfit
cute up kills successful Oh bright Oh
break so we decided to go to Alfred T
even though I was just out for coffee
I've never been here everyone it's just
so cute I remember hearing like months
ago that they were making it and like we
watched it being built more like
counting down the days and then it
opened and we didn't go for a long time
yeah it's so cute cartoon I almost
dropped my camera they're closed I
should have known they closed it fix it
Oh 7:01 at least we weren't like it at
least we didn't just missed it you know
missed it at least we didn't just miss
it
we like clearly missed it I think we're
going apostle action was like one more
picture and there's a post guys update
here now
and we're getting and I literally left
my vlog camera and the
our Afghan heroes like like literally
was freaking out oh my gosh luckily I
got it
yes
hey guys so it is now midnight and I
totally fell asleep I'm with the Inc I
fell asleep around like 10 or 10:30 and
now it's been night
so yeah asado I think I do have a little
more energy now because it was like a
good nap basically I think I might add
at this fog because I really would like
to get it up to Arden like at least to
get it mostly edited today yeah Google
gonna end this vlog I love you guys just
saw so much in LCS and tomorrow with new
vlog and I love you be
