you guys what is up and welcome to
vlogmas day 31 which is the last vlog
for a while besides she's lost but oh my
god I don't know if you can tell her I
am right now but like I'm about to show
you I'm really excited we're at
Disneyland
hey J there they are there they are
we're doing it wait you brought your
ears I'm so sad I left mine I made my
son oh my god so basically no one is
here right now we actually get one of
the magic hours because as we're staying
at one of the hotels which is so
exciting so we get in before everyone
else which is very exciting
you're taking out just our my silver
ones right now it's cars no there is no
one here and it makes me really happy
we got the goods they went to the base
place I got some starves thanks dominoes
right so we are currently headed to
guardians of the galaxy and we're gonna
meet actually at 10 there because we
were getting cautious we got the trollee
it's just so magical
oh my god yeah obviously there's this
countdown that says how long till New
Year's
this week I've never been adjusted on
the air so I'm really excited for that
oh wait look it guys it's just 13 hours
and 32 minutes and 23 seconds until
midnight
there she is we're about to be up there
we met up with our friend you look cute
with your so wedding Allah I love you
and I like it okay so we were about to
go get passed passes for haunted mansion
because the line that was crazy and I
started to Cassidy and Kaylee okay and
they said they watch like all my blog
post between me so it feels like you
know I don't deserve you where's the
cash so freaking Brahmin oh it's so
bright I can't even I can't even let my
friends go oh I don't know where they
went oh this is awkward again it's so
pretty
okay I think we're gonna try to get some
cute snaps or some pics or something
yeah
work it work it work it work it so
pretty so we got front row we got front
row hey you show us how to bob and weave
through people yeah the bob is the
up-and-down vertical technique profit
over time okay
we is the back and forth horizontal
technique so if you went to bob and
weave you have to first Bob then we bob
and weave bob weave bob weave that's how
that's how crowds no problem just bob
and weave it go girl
you're just running you're not even
bobbing and we need about the weave
about anyways we are currently headed to
Haunted Mansion it's gonna be a good
it's gonna be great we got fast passing
so it's gonna be even longer and then
look you are watching and has Victoria
comes in the mirror
we got the goods you cannot come to this
land and knock it a freaking tree oh so
good but back girls at Disneyland are
way better than churros at Disney World
I will fight anyone tries to argue with
me
the sweatshirt going on okay
yeah well chilly we're good look at me
yeah oh my god I need it yeah it's so
wonderful
it's so magical it's so manageable it's
a wonderful so wonderful it's fantastic
hey that's pier okay wait literally it
looks so pretty right now at the sunset
sorry California Adventure
so much fun so so so much fun I said it
so so so much fun wet but so much fun
but we're having so much fun we're
having so much fun my camera's gonna
fall over the edge pave is P burst area
I've gotten so proud of my like shyness
with vlogging and snapping even the
other day Remy was like oh there's
people
what is up you guys so we just got back
to the hotel room and yeah that was our
Disney day we're so tired so cold and so
exhausted so we're gonna go to bed like
right now and yeah Happy New Year I hope
everyone has an amazing 2018 8:22 that
sounds crazy that's like both crazy you
know like anyways I love you guys and I
will see you in a little bit I am gonna
take like a week break from vlogging but
I will see you guys super super soon and
I love you and follow me on Twitter and
snapchat and Instagram and you'll most
likely see me there love you guys
