good morning guys how are you I am so
sorry it's been a few a few days this is
a start of the VidCon vlogs if you don't
know what VidCon is it's a huge
convention that's what I'm doing today
I'm going to go over to the Convention
Center makeup is a little more boom than
normal see I finished packing it last
night I have this bag my backpack and
then my carry-on bag really really
hoping I'm not forgetting anything still
need to finish getting ready I need my
necklace I had necklace don't know word
it I think I packed it on accident so I
got open miss oh okay
yep sorry again I've been a little m.i.a
on the channel um I was actually
planning Oh gross me I'm vlogging
yesterday and it just didn't happen
because I went to the mall to shop for
this weekend and left my camera so that
was one and then I came back and my
battery was dead or something I forget I
was like okay clearly I'm not supposed
to vlog today that's that's all I'm
getting from it yeah there it is
darkness how are you guys I want to know
how are you doing leave me some you know
stuff in the comments I want to wear the
black one but I don't not really wearing
black but that's okay right yeah yeah
black silver and then I'll show you my
outfit so VidCon outfit day one
obviously I have my jewelry that I just
put on top is from Bibi skirts from
Urban Outfitters and then to some
azita's yeah low-key I was debating
bringing sweats so I could wear sweats
to my Meetup like just PJs you know like
legit like mmm I probably shouldn't but
like that'd be cool so yeah I think
we're packed I think we're ready should
go to like the store and get some snacks
because room service like a literally
there's nothing other than room service
for like three days straight and that
gets one expensive and - the food's
always just like in here we go off -
uh-huh
bye khlo feel like I just came back and
now I'm leaving and now you know that
I'm leaving but you're gonna stay at
game on and campus and you're gonna have
such a good time with your brothers yeah
they'll be here real soon I love you Oh
Daisy I'm leaving okay here oh snap oh
snap oh here we go
yay and you just got into room and its
own noise well I mean it's like your
average hotel room but it's a nice
average hotel room does that make any
sense
hope we did so we got a queen bed we got
another queen bed to sleep on bull just
kidding I mean I could if I want
actually I could scoot them together but
that'd be a lot of work and I'm just
like that's too much work so we're not
gonna do it I'm sure you seen this in
everyone's a bit co2 vlogs but we got a
goodie bag which is so exciting
we got some stuff this is like my
schedule which is crazy we have a lot
going on this weekend so there's a bag
there's this thing which I don't know
what this is it's an external battery to
charge your phone it's like a cute
little like piggy Bay that's cute
got a coffee cup and you guys know me
I'm all about this I'm about to make
some coffee right now then they gave us
a Polaroid camera and it's like more
like legit and can we talk about this
YouTube pillow though I mean yeah I love
oh my gosh it's so cute I love it
will this stay here probably not I'm
trying to balance you on the TV right
now
I like how I thank you like I'm gonna
balance you on the TV when clearly it's
like a camera but I'm talking to you
guys dude oh wait wait wait
ah whoa I'm tall yay we're in the hotel
room wait right oh and I'm actually
really hungry so I think I'm up gimme
some food I probably shouldn't jump on
the bed
came to bed a breath now starter breath
Oh continued to old they're all with the
answer to the order what state I'm on
hold
hungry down I think I want to salade
please continue to hold still and hold
still on hold
look I think I'm gonna get the can you
hold on for two seconds I think I'm
gonna get the baby spinach and roasted
vegetables
so tonight we're doing some really fun
stuff with fullscreen we're going to
give away some girls night n tickets
which is so exciting so as always I'm
gonna have the link to where you can buy
tickets for I thought they were actually
here so buy tickets for the tour it's
gonna be amazing I'm gonna have tickets
in the downbar so definitely um check it
out but tonight we're actually gonna
some but tonight we're actually gonna
subside talk tonight we're actually
going to surprise some fans with some
tickets like VIP tickets so it's gonna
be so I'm so excited I'm really fun pop
I'm on hold for like 20 minutes
oh my gosh I could see just dealing for
me I have my past I should just go like
by myself
it's literally right there right nice
look how close it is here's the
Matterhorn it's so close but so far if I
can watch the fireworks from here
tonight we ordered food we got some food
a Mediterranean wrap with a side of
fruit in water okay guys so we are
headed to a panel right now I'm really
excited and I'm excited to see a lot of
you guys of course we got some coffee so
they have secret messages for us to go
I'm done done done
thank you yay headed to the Marriott
just vlogs like really random like I'm I
was literally like jumping on the bed
and then the next clip I'm like I'm
hungry and I'm like ordering some red
wine so this is the outside and then
it's just this huge huge thing hello so
many people London tenten tenten tenten
I found the main part like Gradius
everyone
Oh
hey guys so I'm here with some familiar
faces
yes we have Allison is Jessie
materialist racism in law's really
really good for me horrible it's like a
new of like a new oh I never do moving
it yet we're about to go on stage I'm so
excited Mac babies they go hard
hi everyone everyone I had to buy six
eight four chance to win the VIP ticket
on package do so right now Wendy get out
your phones
I see some of you getting any phones I
see something like I know it's loaded
with your phone so I mean that you're a
beautiful about ring you and your girl
and it's funny it's awesome it's
entertaining and it at the same time
it's like videos of your life and you're
going to see a side of us we've never
seen before
just make sure you're back babies are
crazy therefore they're pretty awesome
yeah yeah hey welcome to vlog day two of
the VidCon vlog
yes right now I'm about to go on me
neighbors days bingo with
and we're going to bring it up you guys
do it with me and I'm really excited
maybe a little Q&A yeah I'm excited my
first time seeing the floor so what
the convention you're currently walking
how do you feel ready for your already
exciting
dove um dog
Oh
obviously you have awesome large
following
we use as your creative outlet I mean I
found
so the acute a literal growl and I'm
here with Emma some new friends so I'm
Rhiannon Wyatt okay and what's your
channel my channel 3 and in community
with to live mine super Wyatt TV I am
back in my room Jay's been so crazy it's
been I feel bad because I feel like it's
really hard to vlog all the time when it
comes to like events like this but I've
had so many of you think you'd ever want
to give her the maker stage that was
really awesome and then I had a panel
this morning I think I have a dinner
later someone else later
all together currently in a bar oh bub
oh yeah um a dinner yes we had a nice up
I don't awhile back boom have a nikkie
yay we have a club and we have a bad
Oh
good morning guys so today is day three
of this vlog and I I'm gonna apologize
again for how like scattered anyways
Tiffany's here yeah he had a sleepover
last night and now we have some
breakfast right here memes is here Jaime
and height is currently doing my makeup
real cute everyone's like you so pity
and I'm like you shouldn't see me this
morning like we'll look at this so we
are ready and we are headed to our meet
oh so here is VidCon day 3 outfit we
have a crop top from forever 21 we have
a skirt from Abercrombie & Fitch and we
have some tennis shoes from adios yeah
okay ready me Peggy let's go we're
almost there um everyone's meeting us in
up there and wide and you're so excited
too can't wait sweet you guys basically
you have these shuttles for us you're
wondering like we don't really walk
around that make sense dad my little
shuttles and we go all the way around to
the convention and we go down these like
weird hallways I'll show you the
escalator Don tenten tenten tenten
tenten tell
headed to our meet and greet oh but yes
go backstage backstage backstage hashtag
me know right now we should go sir LF
I've worked in you know last summer
though time hoping no one called me out
well you just kind of like my movie
coming out again hashtag relatable
and you look right now
hey I know puppy time my battery died
during the party and I'm Kim can I get
outfit of the days in training although
guys cute working so guys I have a white
wine these are literally t.j.maxx to be
removed
okay my shirts and from here on do gay
Lee's camera go subscribe John Parker
see teens gets good yo
I don't know about I'm gonna have to get
four battery back but um
