hey guys and good evening yeah sorry
about that um sorry bout it mm-hmm it is
Sunday
currently for 34 p.m. I've been sitting
here for the past eight almost nine
hours yeah hashtag YouTube life doe
honest but like honestly that's kind of
it I've been here editing finally video
is done its ups but it is on private I'm
waiting for Mia to finish her thumbnails
that way we can put both of our videos
life together yeah that's the only thing
so ya know so we're waiting on but it's
gonna be good I'm so excited we get to
see this video like I really really love
how it turned out and I hope you guys
like it too so you should share with
your friends and everything is already
up by the time you're watching this
because you're watching this Monday hey
it's Sunday zone so yeah we've been
doing I should have walked earlier but I
didn't but that's okay I feel like now I
can actually focus on vlogging because
the videos like out of the way it's done
even annotations are just like I'm I'm
good I'm really happy and guess what
we're doing right now hey hey what we
doing - oh we're filming we're having
bad this looks
oh snap focus on my face colleagues
please thank you soon compared to Mike 7
nothing on I don't know if I like it
setup was really good this should always
be your setup this looks real so yeah
we're filming a video for Ashley's
Channel and I'm really excited for it's
gonna be fun I'm making a cameo just to
be an end come on up hashtag why not
come Maui I got away what are you doing
but wait wait for it it's bleep booty
too big
so totally bumming it I'm in my PG pants
fun fact these are guys PJ pants that I
got from Marshalls art wall Walmart I
think Walmart got these from Walmart I
swear it like they're they're so
comfortable if a guy PJ's are so much
more affordable than girls PT that's all
I have to say also total spokes
foundation all over them oh my god on
yeah and my hair is just my hair I hope
to the day young no so later we're gonna
meet up with Taryn I think we also are
gonna go to Ashley our friend Ashley
you've seen her in vogue before she is a
it's her last day at her job that she's
out right now and we're gonna go get her
it's a really good cafe so we're gonna
go visit her on her list to work so yeah
I'm not gonna say what the video is just
you know little secret when's it gonna
be uh yeah this is weak bones capably
hopefully within a couple days yeah I'm
gonna try it I'm gonna try to put my
camera on top of the other camera we
just have to choose um no can you tell
what I've been editing oh yeah it's just
a little high you know that's cool I
think that's real good yeah the process
of filming look I feel like I feel like
filming YouTube videos looks like it's
just like oh sit down
put the camera on hey you know but it's
soda it's more like worse than one
option really
there's a person that's a Kylie lip
challenge gone wrong i oh yeah are you
watching my milita's video are you
watching my video beige she was just
sitting there watching video with her
toy on my laptop okay
you you guys video is up oh my gosh
awkward situations ready there it is
awkward situations and a soma yeah plot
with me yet we got it up I'm so excited
can we take a thumbnail appreciation
this is Joseph BT Dubbs
he's a friend of Ashley's from school
everyone's always like who are these
random people in your videos that's me
oh my god I'm I'm stupid
I literally just make fun of myself
thank you yeah I greats its to enjoy not
to read and reply to all your comments
thank you so much for all of your
amazing comments honestly everyone is
like there's like so much good feedback
and that is really happy because
honestly like know you worked so hard in
a video and then for it to go up and you
like people not like it's like lowers
like a moral yeah yay go optical much to
go watch it go go watch it also if you
guys saw yesterday's vlog you would know
that I got a new look Kylie lip kit
this isn't Posie K it is a more pink
color so I wanted to try it for the
first time on camera with you guys I'm
gonna bring you well I'm gonna bring you
guys over here though it is Posie K the
other one that I have is Koko K if
you're wondering as you can tell it's
more of a darker pink color but it looks
good let's try it
okay so initial talk is a lot darker
than I thought it was gonna be so I
kinda bad job don't judge me
yeah this wedding is so much better okay
so I will say the color is really
actually just funny would be even better
so the color is really really pretty I
think it's just more of a berry type of
color I thought it was gonna be a little
more of a pink color like I guess pretty
so much what it is in the tube just
kidding maybe it's just me awkward
that's what looks like I do like it I
will wear it a lot I think I will wear
my other one more I like it I like it
like it I like it also on a more serious
note I did just want to quickly address
like all of the horrible things that's
been happening in the world lately I
woke up this morning and I went on
Twitter and I heard about like it my
timeline was literally just all about
the Orlando shooting and I like was
still waking up so it was hard for me to
like comprehend what happened
I don't do this like all the time I just
wanted to like I don't know so my
thoughts and prayers are definitely with
everyone affected I feel like there's so
many people that's been affected by
stuff lately I mean like and not only
just Orlando but so much stuff like you
just the other day everything with
christina grimmie if you don't know all
about that that's a whole they think
there's just so much horrible things
going on the world and i just want to
send out prayers to everyone in all the
situations and even to everyone who i
don't even know like there's obviously a
whole bunch of other places and
countries where all this stuff happened
lately it's just like been on my heart i
don't even know why I'm saying this to
you guys I don't even know what I'm
really trying to say right now but I
just want to I guess I don't know I'm
not making any sense right now I'm so
sorry sorry this is rambley but
basically like kind of what I've taken
away from it
I could actually tweeted this earlier
guys I'm getting deeper now as many
horrible things that are going on the
world we can't live in fear but like we
don't need to I don't even know it
I'll get so much and if you are going
through anything right now whether it
was related to all these shootings and
all that stuff or something else just
know that I love you and I am praying
for you so we are currently headed over
to the cafe that Ashley works at you can
go see her all other Ashley I've
actually who many ash there are a lot of
Ashley okay you comment below how many
Ashley's you know
I know hold whether or not I should
change my name to Jessica wait can't we
talk about that though in the video look
there's just the cat he looks really
similar to Ashley and Taryn is the voice
of the narrator for my awkward
situations Ashley is not sharing a room
oh but you showed um her filming at your
bar I got it tonight or tomorrow
hopefully tonight oh yeah
clear whirring sup hopefully gonna get
some dude get some coffee just hang up
if not we're gonna find another place to
get some food and some coffee so I am
literally the biggest fail in the world
I totally forgot to vlog anything that
just happened right now they were
closing so we are going to get dinner
somewhere else so we got some food and
we are headed to where Ash misra Toys R
Us I'm so excited to shoot this next
scene we might not be able to film in
today putting up the Sun go cap
okay hey guys update time so I think
he's a little bit biggest fail of ever
went to Toys R Us and long story short
we bought something that required to be
assembled for video we did it on like
Wednesday when oh my gosh we did on
Wednesday I bought it on Wednesday they
said I'd be done by Friday go today
which is Sunday to pick it up and it was
never assembled so that kind of sucks
but they're really sorry and they
actually gave me 50% off of the whole
purchase which was actually really
really cool so worked out but it just
sucked because that was part of the
obviously that didn't happen no we're
not going to be shooting that today
we're gonna shoot that tomorrow and it
won't fit in either of mine or Ashley's
car so the teryn came with us if we just
felt bad because she came all the way
with us to go get that they didn't work
out now we have to that tomorrow maybe
cybers gonna have a girls night and go
to the jacuzzi and stuff I have a little
bit of homework I'm gonna do first and
yeah
