me
good morning guys so today is our last
full day well yeah laughing hi I'm a bus
full day we leave tomorrow I have
something exciting
oh don't don't don't don't don't don't
so I'm surprising at my family with
something really exciting going on a
helicopter ride but no one knows except
Ashlee's that's what we are doing and
what we're doing something bad I'm so
excited Omega gonna go into the
baseplate
yeah the base for picking up the star B
yeah our star B oh my gosh I haven't had
a launching over this done though can
you go away oh hey hey
are you excited I told him that and we
got some coffee
we got my locker
they have no idea
are you
it's gonna be fine Bob sure we get one
to ourselves because there's no way it's
so pretty here
so pretty today the water is like
somebody looks so fake guys so blue
hey guys the pool heater right here hey
you guys know Matt obviously and this is
like this girlfriend the pool looks
beautiful oh my gosh so nice
sorry can't hear me
we are headed to lunch before I go to
you at Medtronic did you like the ride I
loved it yay
that makes me company Bert I'm done so
I'm so hungry I'm so excited we haven't
met for any grill and I think a tassel
on the grandest Samantha's beach later
yeah also I uploaded a video today so go
out to the girls and seven hours has
been and this giveaway is to go on to a
little Lita all just like behind the
scenes that you're filming and a week
yeah
macaroni girl is the best but ever hyper
greatly coloring cuz it's about her like
oh no oh
that's my signature Alicia Marie was her
behind the scenes of a vlog I got some
spaghetti apparently walking over to the
pool because that's where the family and
edited some stuff that's exciting
yeah that's we're doing and then tonight
I think we're gonna go find a beach or
something it's so pretty
hi family made it so cool and this pool
is seriously so pretty there's like
waterfalls over there there's like an
adult flow over there koozies what
worked in the metaphor oh hey what were
chillin chillin chillin chillin by the
pool my mother foliage in the microphone
so chilly but all so we came to Hapuna
Beach I think I'm telling you asleep
probably not I'm probably thinking
really really wrong now we're gonna
probably be here for a couple of hours
just swim it is a more public beach
though it's not like when this excluded
wants to be really nice and that's
totally so calcium I think we're gonna
