good morning everyone we got some
breakfast I am short of a turnout hey
guys so we are currently in the pan
we're in the carb with the fam my fam is
we are on our way to go ziplining I'm so
excited it's gonna be really fun this
lighting is perfect right now it's like
cool so Ashley's dis cheese we're going
to supply knee it's gonna be fun and go
good I got some coffee
I think stuff you got me coffee earlier
that's what's going on it is currently
in 936 and we have to go I think it
starts with 212 something but we ought
to really because it's a little bit of a
drive wanted to spit guys what's good
around lower the island anyway so we're
doing in so we stopped at this little
like lookout point thing in it so pretty
our Nokia sincere I feel like the camera
doesn't do no justice you really know
yeah we are here and we are getting
ready to go with lighting do I through
we're gonna do we're gonna do this we're
gonna do this yeah okay so I forget I
think I have something deleted that clip
that I had of you I thought I think I
deleted the clip their arms like oh is
my brother oh so glad this is Matt yeah
hey hey thank you both of you through so
I got my GoPro I needed this handle and
they had one here and I was so excited
tomorrow we're all I keep these days
you're snorkeling tomorrow
Oh snow are you kiddin you think we're
I'm buddy no side-by-side Tama buddy you
were not too bad older
you
you're halfway through our ziplining
adventure and it is like so much fun
it's so gorgeous you guys have water
over here it's like but I feel like this
does no justice it's so pretty and then
the lots of fun we went from there to
here points up because you're still
connected yeah it's a head pulled back
in
justice
Hey so I said store click OH zip Lenny
was so much fun and we just ate dinner
it was really about lighting so nice and
into wall sorry about it yeah I think
right now you're gonna head back has run
the whole other side of the island real
good like hour and a half away from our
hotel make our way back there but we
wanted to stop at some of the lookout
point you step because like sunsets can
be beautiful yeah going on
did you like ziplining I love defining
ice cream don't get like whoa why are
you laying all bunch like an observatory
being it's rather like a sauna me it's
like an institute all this stuff so we
came up here to really cold cuz it's on
the like you know your run is pretty
steep but we're going to go hike a
little bit just so we can watch the
sunset those are really pretty really
gorgeous but it is like but legit I
think it's like something is pretty cool
the winds not it's cold
the ones I already have everything I
have on two jackets my backpack so let's
start this adventure we just ran whoa
I'm Jenna
you
hey guys so we were back at the hotel
now and I am so tired I fell asleep on
the way back it was like a good hour and
a half drive back first thing I did when
I came back and take off my makeup
because it just it was on all day and I
was like I need to take this off right
now and I'm currently editing um this
vlog that you're seeing and it might be
the first vlog that I don't get the next
day because we have to be up early
tomorrow because we're going to
snorkeling and I think you have to be
there like 7:30 a.m. and I'm so tired I
really want to go to bed but I also
really want to get this vibe so who
knows me I think I'm going to end it
here though just in case I don't know
like I'm just gonna end it here how
about you guys like today's vlog and our
ziplining adventures and I will see you
guys tomorrow with snorkeling and a luau
that's gonna be fun
so excited I love you guys bye e
