good morning guys so we just got to the
airport right
I'm excited maybe even a parent
yes what up so we are currently waiting
for our flight that was delayed as your
go sleep at night at 10:33 and we're
literally just told as they are
switching out the aircraft what I
created
the airport
not a big deal I mean like technically
what if something that was on that
airplane and like beetles I think
sitting here having some
we ought to practice that was good and I
just edited but yesterday's long so
that's going to go up at the Wi-Fi here
right now so there's no egg and I'm
gonna simply land in my butt yeah a
pimple towards your edit it and then I
have a whole video to edit on the flight
I think it's like five hours
it's 4.5 hours
look like meat finally 40
absolutely
exceptional
behind the scenes of a snapchat no shame
no shame don't you think yeah right so
we're doing airplane outfit of the day
packet Outfitters Joker's from Urban
Outfitters sure is Brenda Melville
flannel Urban Outfitters ladies Nike and
Adidas
tik-tok environment
hi parent
for now
I'm
nobody doing better cousins outdoors
acrostic step by bulk all that moment
sometimes you're good ain't good enough
some time to try ain't hot enough get
real caught up in my get real car
uncover swing away in suburbs everyone
says that
freaking me out freaking me out
sometimes your love is so infinite
everything else just seems ridiculous
guess where we uh kind of like no human
is human that's cool that's good our
luggage we are here we're trying to get
on the shuttle so we can go those home
Daniel I'm so excited I was excited
mmm I miss culo though you know you're
about to be in it right hey guys
update time so we are getting some
dinner I'm so excited me checked in the
hotel and good okay wait anyone remember
the club log we are reunited very nice
yeah we call him Matt Patti okay mean
shot so we just had dinner we had some
sushi and I'm really good now we are
going to go to the grocery store because
we actually have like our hotel room has
a like a full fridge and like every
kitchen and everything so we're going to
stock up I'm so excited to get so much
for oops I put two vlogs up to you guys
I announced that I'm going on tour which
is so exciting
and then I am packing or this vlog no
packing for this trip that book so yeah
I'm gonna have the link to where you can
buy tickets for girls night in in the
description box if you guys I must be
able to we can take a selfie we
and do really cool stuff we can go bow
around the puddle right on the panel oh
it's so my Island gourmet market of
course we found boom sugar like right
away got some food hey Domingo
chocolate-covered pineapple Oh what do
we want to get out
we should get um found more fruit we got
so much stuff yeah we did
and I think we're just going to go back
to those L may be slim and probably go
to bed early because honestly I'm so
tired so this vlog might be oh I'm so
short inside so Lisa got something weird
and we're going to tap it out we show
them the banana - banana next thing
we're going to test out right now what
banana eat or chocolaty - Eva
well I assumed it was like a like a
banana chip so I thought it was gonna be
crunchy
look good I think you like it
they don't taste that banana tea but
they do but they don't but there's a
little banana in it oh yeah they taste
healthy but they're good could dehydrate
a banana but if you look when I bet in
half it wasn't like white like a banana
it's like the inside is it like Puri you
know we found the jacuzzi way nicer than
our jacuzzi at home that's all I gotta
say we're gonna go swimming yeah yeah
this polysemes is huge like so you guys
can see I feel bad I will definitely
show you again during the day yeah we'll
show you guys the hotel will show you
like all that stuff during the day
sometimes oh yeah we're gone we're gonna
swim you guys I'm such a girl I just
realized I forgot to edit or edit
present any other news blogs I'm ending
it right now I'll see you guys tomorrow
which is today for me because today is
the next day yeah I love you guys and
yeah be
