good morning guys so today is June 13th
it is Monday
it is currently 1008 yeah I didn't do my
hair today so don't observe don't don't
judge me Ashley and I are just bizarre
threes vlog you would know that we have
to go pick up a toy thing at Toys R Us
really excited for it so we're going to
go to that right now it said it would be
ready at 10:00 so we're like now go get
that day is a packing day because we're
going to Hawaii tomorrow and I'm so
excited like it's finally hit me like
the excitement level has hit me that
it's coming really soon so it just makes
me real excited so yeah we have a lot of
errands to do a lot of packing to do a
lot of cleaning to do and yeah you guys
get to come along the ride with us grab
the phone who are you ready we're gonna
get some coffee cuz yeah I'm ready
another dozen and then I don't know what
I'm singing huh we are currently at Toys
R Us and why are there I'm excited I'm
excited I've been one of these in so
long oh yes yes did anyone guess this is
otherwise I didn't tell them what we
were getting was like we had our Oh
turns car because definitely we're not
bitten Henry so we got the car got
coffee and now you're gonna go film
feeling a lot more productive in
yesterday that's for sure yesterday my
better smashing great okay we just got
to the park we're gonna take this bad
boy out or bed grew up I don't know the
only thing is we're not sure if it's
charged we told them we really wanted it
charged but because they've messed up
with the like whole order already I'm
kind of curious kind of curious like I
said in my last vlog I supposed to be
ready it wasn't ready in time they
messed up so they gave us a discount on
it which is really awesome and I'm
curious if it's charged great that it is
what's going on here just picking up my
new ride a Barbie Escalade buddy oh my
gosh wait okay legit show them the mp3
it actually fits an mp3 player you can
actually plug in your phone and to speak
to this legit guys lunge it has a cup
holder for my coffee I don't know how my
Fenton that they see me rolling I'll try
to fit in here right now
here we go I don't fit in this at all
fun fact I've to sit on this side oh it
looks like Chloe yeah
and we gotta back it up I'm coming up
this is legit up these time guys we are
back department and my battery on my
camera totally died so I'm so sorry
about that it's been charging and I went
out to lunch which was so so good and
now I've been home I don't I literally
just like chilled for like an hour I
kind of was just like watching youtube
videos like in the life I love YouTube
but sometimes like a black hole you know
what I mean I'm sure that's the case for
most of you right now watching this vlog
let's be real I really need to start
packing for tomorrow because um hi we're
going to tangos Elvina
get it together get us get anyway so
that's what we're gonna do I have so
much cleaning and so much laundry to do
unreal oh look at this little one hi
thank you for everyone wondering and no
Chloe's not coming with us
wish you were babes they don't think
you'd like it one of our really good
friends is gonna come and stay at our
apartment um while we're gone so Chloe
won't be alone which is awesome and then
parents also gonna be coming by and
checking up on her and stuff she'll be
okay are you so cute little one yeah I
should really start packing but I have
to do lunch maybe I'll do a little
laundry first and start packing and yeah
my parents are coming over tonight
they're gonna spend the night on and
we're all gonna go to the airport the
morning so so yeah let's do it
Oh awesome also I'm gonna see me as she
asked if I was gonna be home she really
wanted to drop off my birthday present
that maybe we will maybe we'll see her I
need to clean my room too hahaha what
else me don't you put all this away come
on one hand me
hi long time no see I'm so glad happy
yeah I'm PS I'm a collab killed it
yes oh and she brought me presently
happy late good angle option oh no how's
your day what are you doing oh my god my
love enjoy life this is so cute oh my
gosh ah a friend loves at all tough and
you're my friend and you gave it to me
and a huge oh my gosh cute yeah yeah and
it matches the paper
thanks me oh wait right
oh my card I'm always bad at math fever
oh my gosh it's not rich ever you later
yeah so um I don't know if you like it
but I got it because uh uh well you'll
see anything me it's cuz you thought at
me what if it was a bag piece everybody
like wow you thought of me oh did you
just buy it
I just got me this whole she did but I
long time go oh it is my birthday oh I
love it
thank you me my thing back No thank you
means I love it and you did not have
it's not to get all emotional on you
guys but I let me just read the birthday
card that you gave me and I like could
have started crying I was like I don't
know I just like meant so much and Mia I
love you and um you are like a sister to
me and um I love you Lisbon and um and
yeah I'm gonna keep it forever for ever
here we go I can get it out dun dun dun
dun dun dun dun dun
don't don't don't don't don't touch yeah
time to pack oh we know dogs doctors
just right when they see suitcases like
they know what that mean
so here's the before and of course since
we're going to Hawaii
I think swimsuits are a definite must
and try and decide which ones I want to
bring in it's hard because I kind of
want to bring like all of them I've got
this one piece recently it's like is
really pretty crochet looking one piece
but I think I'm going to try it on
before I go just make sure it's
flattering because if it's not then that
would suck
like not even where but yeah that was
super cute then I have this one you guys
have seen this top it worked like all
the time and these are just some white
bottoms from Target like I love getting
some tees from Target this one I'm gonna
bring my black high-waisted so I can
wear that with like any of the tops then
I kind of like this I think I'm gonna
leave these funds I don't know I don't
know help me guys out I'm out I got his
swimsuit from Target and it's show so
cute so that I was like wait I want
swimsuit but I have fun easily got a
whole bit so I already taking a break
from packing I mean I've done I've done
some stuff we got some stuff we got some
stuff and I'm currently eating an acai
bowl and currently eating a gorgeous
acai bowl yeah looks so good I actually
got this earlier when we were out at
lunch but I was saving it for later and
now it is later I'm gonna eat that and
yes oh my gosh horrible brain freeze
right now oh it's just bit like chunky
ah I've never had a rainbabies bat mmm
oh oh forgot I kept putting the tongue
to the top my mouth I was like I thought
that that like oh no it's just like
press it oh my that was bad that was the
word brain freeze I've ever had in my
life
making progress packed all my bathing
suit packed some bra lets you have to
organize this whole section oh my gosh
also want to show you this the other day
I got this super cute workout sure sure
oh did you get that stutter like no
other better like no other yeah I'm
gonna show you it's just like this
workout shirt but I don't think so yeah
it's like Jersey material I think it is
so so cute that's what it looks like
it's kind of I don't know yeah this is a
fail sorry okay let's do it like I
should just take all this out Marines if
I can that's what we're gonna do first
off we got a jacket because it rains a
lot every now and then we just have like
the white jackets we're gonna you
yeah making progress hold on this is a
possible thumbnail picture possible
thumbnail picture so we're going to put
my hair down what no I didn't do that so
I still need to go to Target slash
Walmart I don't know if the thing is
like I don't need to what what am i
doing right now
I'd like to but if it doesn't happen I'm
ok with it so I'm kind of in that like
am I actually gonna go tonight I don't
know I'm also gonna try to go to the gym
tonight because yes hey guys so I just
took a shower and I just want to end
this vlog because I need to go to action
I need to edit and I have a little more
packing to do but yeah anyways I just
want to end it other guys so it's just
so much and get excited for Hawaii what
wait
